read under box for secret message
horoscope one day Matt and I were out
with Sandra and a couple other girls
we're eating it to Kai and they just
were all talking about signs I was just
sitting there I was just like shot
I dunno and you we're not buying it you
were just like horoscopes are Bulls I
don't believe in any of it it is all
hocus-pocus
so you know what let me look at mine let
me let me prove to you guys as isn't
real check my horoscope
everything matches check to everybody
else's horoscopes none of them match my
true Scorpio that is something to
Scorpio with you tap the horoscopes look
it up and be like it's true and we
started looking up everybody else's
horoscopes and everybody matches our
horoscopes it just doesn't make sense to
me yeah you're determined but a bit of
us because that's something about like
you don't want to score of you know you
don't want to lie to a score of you
don't want to betray a Scorpio and
that's me isn't there like some me like
it was like Valentine's Day make sure
you wear condoms because nobody wants to
give birth to a Scorpio well you know
why I hurt me because I believe in a
little article that was like the top
sign that are the toughest to love it
was like number one score we go well for
me I'm at the very bottom I'm a cancer
I'm romantic I'm moiled your glass
someone not because we're gonna have a
heated discussion so no no I'm not
opening that open the door no even know
you're here just guy you're like five
minutes ago is a David I'm not opening
I'm not touching that I'm freaking out
right now
I'm not touching that why you've seen
though these it sets your name first
though which means it's more your
Packers in my package just bring it in
stop being a baby
pick it up slowly okay it's light it's
very much okay that's good under box for
secret message it's like open box open
at your own risk he took all the damn
knives I know we left me with two cups
and peanut butter open it slowly no
another envelope I'm not scared I'm
annoyed
no I opened enough here your turn
no it's not it's another you know we
still don't know who this is Rob because
it has no name anywhere okay we tried
sending you a box of our brand new two
hats beer but we don't know what
happened to it oh my god this wasn't you
sent a whole boxes who has beer and
never came so they gave us the mystery
missing between last night and this
morning we don't have too much info
other than for what's on the back of
this card
xoxo 2x girls oh my god did they really
clickbait us they did I don't know
is it like outside maybe someone's
backyard must be like a park but there's
no there's like 10 parks around us I go
how do we know which park it is well
it's like a sticker oh my god go back to
your old roots remember where you
started where we started Jenny Han said
that I thought we know at your old house
there was that part the park right
across the street yes oh my god it's
there do that so date who's gonna who's
there
I'm good I'm gonna stay right here you
tell me what's at the part and I'll meet
up but did you see if the coast is clear
and I'll meet up with you there
Zane we are two detectives you do not
let me go solo
so dismissed my god man that's so how do
you know where all this stuff is how do
they know where are they watching us
right now is there another clue where
were supposed to do with this key
another clue I'll be trying to climb
this now you're supposed to meet someone
here I don't know I think they're
watching the same is the key you found
is for one specific law and this
specific law is on a specific box in
this specific box that is not necessary
it's a bit redundant in this specific
box is at someone's house and that
someone is the creator of all things the
king of all kings the greatest human has
ever known no one can destroy him right
creator of all things king of all Kings
David uh okay well David's not home he's
not answering his phone so actually just
let us in we just let us say come on let
her go anyways we gotta figure this out
let's just solve this mystery leave is
probably watching us once again it was a
box specific box come on
they're not gonna hide it I feel like
they put it in plain sight for us to see
it look I'm not trying to spend too much
time on this you want to get my beer and
let's get out of here it's not inside it
must be outside I've never even been
down here no David house is like a
fortress
it's like a suitcase the middle is like
a steak with a lock on it and that looks
really sketchy and I'm not gonna touch
it I'll see you in the car
why you always meet you oh you don't
want to get this on video yo the
treasure I'm gonna keep it for myself
it's the wrong key
oh boy look closely at the first note
the first note we got you saw the first
note Matt did you lose the first note no
I got so we look closely why is that
capitalized in that lower no weird like
they wrote everything in caps except for
this note
Oh silly there are lowercase letters in
this one e e we don't figure these lower
cases is lowercase I got a a t e a H R C
see Keith I see he wait so we admit I
noticed he's letters - hold on so
basically it's what do they call like an
anagram and we have to scramble the
letters into the next okay so if we have
you're saying Heath we have H EA th full
letters we have left
ray our heat the race we miss one - L ok
al right this is what we this is what we
have right now feed ourselves okay sorry
so what the hell is that me Sarah we
kept cereal cereal about a few thousand
like in the geobox you think that's the
clue absolutely it's heap in cereal
should I call you the mouse of your
cereal yes would you happen to have any
cereal we can't really talk much well
I'll tell you later but just gotta come
to your house right now we'll see you
later
good we're here what's up man no time to
talk buddy we gotta go right through
just spots of you all right
so basically a couple days ago who had
send me a whole box of beer and it would
just went miss
it was like an anagram and it said he
cereal it does I know it doesn't make
sense but just let us do our thing and
I'll explain later
oh my god okay okay get the clue serial
number and a box of cereal that appear
we're gonna figure this I'll talk to you
he doesn't understand what are we gonna
do with the serial number barcode I
don't know do we have to go buy a
scanner like those are hundreds of
dollars you need another no there's no
way you can find cheap scanners no zine
there's no I'm telling you man the only
way we can get that thing scanned is if
we buy a scanner and there are hundreds
of dollars okay wait how much do to have
to be yourself or I'm not exactly sure
but I don't want to spend money on a
scanner dang you right okay let's look
it up how much would you think a normal
pack of beer costs
well $12 for a six-pack right it costs
$4.99
wait 99 not we're getting some right now
right now let's go wasting my time all
of that just to find out that these
beers were $4.99 I'm sorry I should have
looked it up before I can't wait to
taste which sounds like a really good
time I like those rods baby
oh man I think I found my new favorite
beer really Chris it's very light man
there's just so many words I can say
about this beer but I can't because I'm
gonna keep drinking is close so let's go
to the rest of the group and see what
they think about this B who has natural
lion flavor of your drinkers so my
tastebuds could be different for beer
wow this is great
doesn't feel like I'm looking bad to
myself honestly it feels like like the
way I would describe it it's like a
salad in beer form since you don't drink
beer do you appreciate the separately I
appreciate the beer but you know what I
don't appreciate so you're sneaking into
my house I saw you on the security cam
what do you tell you what I'm fine with
it
I okay with you great cuz this is about
a third video that's so much to the
brand wants me to let everybody know
that I'm fine with you sneaking into my
house yes totally fine great you see you
heard it here first so this is the beard
he does a big beer drinker so it's very
picky a beer connoisseur try it I'm
gonna waft it a little bit yeah okay
actually really good baby talk about
their beer brands like that are we she's
over 21 years old
guess how much iPad of those are like a
12-pack that's six I would say probably
like eight nine dollars $4.99 Apple -
all right guys you just watch and make
sure like this video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to my channel if you want
to see more stuff for me and all my
friends all let me go so Noah thank you
so much for keeping thought myself on
watching on my videos I really
appreciate it for the last person to try
out a very new to has beer Jason go
ahead and give it a try does he not like
I like it no I love game the why'd you
spit it up because I couldn't believe it
was in my own mouth this is the most
incredible beer
besides
