oh yeah good morning Lee I don't have
anybody to phone what so I'm gonna phone
one thing how's your day been that's
good what are you doing today okay Todd
we get it he's friends with Liza I'm
about to tell Scott and Kristen what I
found on leg ready to hear this I found
ticks like actual take a money I felt it
on me you know I was scratching to is
really gross I don't know dude but I saw
a little black bug and it was really
sticky I think I don't know but I saw it
on language I think so you didn't find
it on link you found it on yourself
there was on link first and then a
because I saw it I saw it online you
found the fleas on yourself maybe she
has Lyme disease in that goddamn how to
get ticks all the time what is it then
in the skin if it was you would have had
to burn it off because it takes get
stuck on his game I'm honestly you might
have expected us to be a little more
worried about this but then I hear
something from you I don't know if it's
true or not probably doesn't even have
fleas it was probably like an ant or
hell it's not look we're gonna research
it right now ticks you know what dude I
don't think this is what I saw my head
in the head of YouTube there my head in
Linksys that's like that's like beasts
yachty well I found please so maybe you
should wash your dog though I don't
believe you where's the clue it hopped
on to me I think I need to flee from
this house so I don't catch it
she's scratching alright let's see what
let's see what we got
Oh a little fool let's see what we got
dogs can get fleas from a multitude of
locations one being other dog dogs can
also get fleas from their environment so
for example when my dog went on a hike
the other day we cliff jumped on her and
there eat cats please you could get them
from many locations and it's not because
of please please your track the dog oh
my god I didn't had a realization I have
to poop Jane look here's the deal I'm
the only one here likes you David likes
man yeah we want to make you an offer
would be the new leader of the fluffs
what can you bring to the table every
new experience my experience do you have
being a blogger have a lot of commitment
to David's logs what kind of commitment
would you have for my but something
originally if you come up with for
myself that's a good thing I could do
Carmelina
karma Ludo yes I Carmelita but like a
boy version what's that supposed to mean
he's a piece of boy prostitute your ass
an axon Tom's like eating soup it's like
the soup and Bruce Almighty
it's a super thank you did you hang when
you're vlogging something and then it's
like really funny and someone in the
group after it's like hey is that did
you hate when people do that I mean
that's the other day you're like oh yeah
because you talked about private
information that I would not like on the
Internet I'd say anything private all
right it's vlogmas day 7 on our way to
ruin someone's life you know talk about
this too much because this is David and
Jason's thing right now Jason I really
don't think that he got a role enough
dope and they set up an entire audition
where the main producers is gonna be
there and Seth Rogen might show up so
it's a bunch of people that he thinks
are part of the movie listen this is
gonna be good for Jonah it is it is I'd
be like no no we gotta solve it but this
could help Jonah what's that face he can
actually get my agreement it's why I
don't know it's just a lot no no I agree
with you that it's gonna help him but I
don't I just don't know how he's gonna
react it's not gonna cry right actually
especially in front of those people he
won't cry if we pull up right now and
he's there I'm gonna be heartbroken
there's no way he's there and say have a
good pre audition lunch at whatever
state her brother and then he comes and
then I go like ah dude I can't make it
sorry
he doesn't need that type of done right
now most upset about the bunch of
friends we prank him after all this the
news and lunch with you that was fake
too what I'm most impressed about by all
this that Brennan and Ally went to the
bullocks sent with this he made a fake
copy of not
but it's fine it's fine it's fine you
know what if you're in David's vlogs you
you should have seen this coming you
should have seen snow would say that
Jonah is very funny but he has the
biggest ego it comes to comedy he thinks
he's better than all of us videos that
he makes are so much better and he talks
about the DC genius subscribe my videos
as thumbnail as video so I got really
excited when he received this package I
must say that is pretty you've got to
Christmas so cute of you what is it Wow
smells really nice that smells like
footlocker
there's styrofoam flippies how much
would a pair of like flip-flops like
that cost 350 why would you buy
flip-flops for $350 yeah but you gotta
get them like that target same material
except it doesn't have a name on it
I love these thank you I just want
someone buy me a $350 flip-flop find
some new a couple questions I don't want
to you've got to answer to you both off
the answer well it's like I don't have
to answer together you guys are a team
now
everything you do you're at one both of
you can't have one person do all the
work we both have to meet your end you
guys are going friends so jealous and
long before I start I want to say
congratulations I'm very happy I'm not
happy that Todd doesn't get to go out
with me anymore but I'm happy for you
but now I'm not happy for what me and
Todd are go through this is like a best
man speech so Todd I first met Todd how
did you both first to meet well we first
met wait David brought her to our house
old house you know I do remember you
coming through and I think Matt was
there too and me and Matt with you Julie
damn who's this okay right second
question what did you first think of
your partner when you first met each
other let me answer that one another was
alright question number three how did
you first start dating
I believe you can say that Kyle stem
from women to New York my first class
there's something you like you guys are
three things kind of I'm not a part of
it wait I know she's compassionate she's
fine that's like something you read into
it this is her actual response I like
okay don't know all right I'm all done
here so I'll let you guys go guys eat
any snacks any condoms oh god I love you
vodka Katya Morgan makes you like
subscribe tweet him at Zane um I think
I'm gonna have to upload this too cuz
they just fell asleep
it was Zi I just hate I love you by the
way and you've always been noisy to me a
really nice thing I tried to be as nice
as I possibly can to everybody Frank is
it gonna work and things gonna be the
only one that has footage they're gonna
use it and that's just me you know I
mean Jason will use it because if you
bust some thief game over I go what dude
I still think it's worth the post why we
bring the cash flow again I just thought
that I just found it out why don't we
bring this car well where you gonna park
it exactly do yeah that's not a good
that's bad dude what if we just tell
Todd and Joe to meet us somewhere at a
parking lot and then we just go from
there in his car Joe here saying that I
need something new and me something
fresh duh something that people haven't
seen before so next week I'm gonna do
the whisper challenge no see that
already you want a nice fresh face you
know baby one that you can use as a
thumbnail one that people are gonna want
to see all the time only we knew
somebody who that was I need to get rid
of this beard I need to lose a little
bit of weight so I can look like a kid
again sometimes what you need is right
in front of your face so yourself in the
camera what are you looking at no no
were you looking at oh so you wanna be
the new star yeah see that what can you
give me what can I not give you shit
you're good
