alright guys you'll find the chubby
buddies I mean we know Michelle's gonna
win I mean uh Nick Nicole so much room
all that room in a row Charlie Barney
all right so we filmed this obviously
even last three days but um this before
heat left yeah we couldn't talk about I
haven't left yet let's go yeah I'm gone
I just gotta sit here now we couldn't
talk about it cuz Heath wanted to
surprise his mom going home and I can't
post that one Monday yeah she watches
his blogs immediately if he would know
and it would run the surprise anything
that goes up she's at home he sees
notifications god oh we're such
thoughtful people we think about that
you fucked me over as soon as you did
that I need content how long is this
surprise I don't know yet I bought it
one like it you so crazy so crazy so you
know what I'm gonna buy a one little
touch oh sure just woke up we didn't
want to sit by your door and be loud so
he came a cookie don't ya know guys it's
this is coming to an end boys I gotta
leave in like two hours and I'm moving
out he's done boys the rap the boys are
breaking up and that's a wrap this is
the expose channel babies we expose all
companies on this right now we are
exposing Spirit Airlines aim do you
remember when we got to the airport on
time
God hold on here it's here to interrupt
us alright that was as soon as you turn
on your exact lyric first time Heath and
I visited LA we flew spirit cuz it was
like the cheapest airline and you have
to pay for God and everything you buy
your ticket well then they make you buy
your seat on it I have we flew out here
and then we're getting ready to go home
we got there on time and I go to like
check in and they're like we cancelled
your flight and I'm like do you mean
like like we cancel your ticket or like
you didn't get on the plane to come here
we both bought tickets together or
there's a flight we bought them together
it was on the same car and we both got
there and they took my ticket and they
wouldn't take his take they were saying
that I didn't lie here you're like we
have it showing that you didn't get onto
your flight to come to LA and I'm like
I'm fucking here but I got on the plane
he did it and we
this is my boarding pass its stamp they
drew on it but in the system for some
reason it showed that I didn't get on so
they canceled my flight that's I'm sure
don't having a Scottie so then we missed
the flight home had to stay another day
and then I had to buy a whole new
fucking ticket and they wouldn't
reimburse me that's unbelievable
experience look smooth quite a while
back that I actually miss I kept on
delaying my flight Oh delaying right
wait and then I walked back like a
minute after they said okay if the
flights finally ready to board I got any
headed here right away and they weren't
sending out updates and I went over to
get on the flight and they're like
alright you missed it
the plane is gonna take off in ten
minutes like what do you mean it said
it's not gone okay these are you missed
your flight
it's right there but like you have to
pay for your water spirit I got pay for
a seat belt have to pay for the oxygen
planes I go down it's like alright guys
just go ahead and please swipe your
credit card I'll go in social influence
no one's gonna fly skirt yeah you're
gonna whatever hearing about spirit and
when everyone's gonna comment on you
didn't they we knew that already okay I
bet you in one week after people watch
this video they'll forget that we talked
about spear they'll go on and see the
cheapest life and be like spirit haha
saying he were talking about spirit that
sounds good you know a lot of spirit if
I love bitch you know like the CEO
spirits online like what the fuck's
going on our stocks dropping guys daddy
he doesn't find spirit anymore pilots I
watch this I'm not flying spirit any
pilots get charged to fly the guys just
a buddy everybody know this is my little
sister she really just wants to be a
star in the vlogs on watching tell
everybody what's your name Pattaya oh
shit I just said her hey diet once you
tell us a little bit about yourself you
people want to know who you are what do
you like to do why do you have a scarf
around your head she does it this is
seriously believe I believe in uh how
women should be treated
not one okay let's not make this deep
when you learn to hold your camera
straight shake it come here guys our
buddy that's my dad he looks 10 times
better than I'll ever look at my entire
life but I gotta introduce I gotta
introduce the brother just in case
anybody forgets his name his name is
Ollie he's a professional bowler but her
not so hot I think that scarce a little
too tight for just a bunch of Arabs that
make fun of each other for being here
I'm not fine doing great you see what
you got to do is you have to just align
yourself
Oh God our ball honey show me how to
bowl mama don't break your back out
there your norm was great done hey Bala
here you like my dad side of my family
are actually a bunch of comedian or the
funniest people I know baby
I'm gonna say something cause before you
dial hey die you're doing great just
like whatever you're doing just don't do
that that's great well let's hope that
we don't have to bring the stretcher out
yeah positive family vibes all around we
got jealous
no probably give us a bad advice to make
mommy jobs if this alone all right
don't say it too loud though we don't
know how to view all react drum stops a
little you go Dave I am a child of the
Lord
I do not curse break a buck let's break
a leg now with Baba's history airline
ladies get older you guys need your
parties my level by night a long serve
signs what what's careful people want to
see something that can kill people you
know they wanted they want something
juicy all right why try to run in the
bush Oh Nerdist ha ha almost looks like
the rat in our house ha ha yeah
hey we got an Optima - like it's gonna
bite me we're not gonna eat it can only
eat turkey today wanna feeling kind of
I'm scared though ha ha ha
ah Kriya yoga but I've always seen you
it's more of a circus character
circus character what is a Korea go a
combination of acrobatics and yoga it's
a two-person yoga routine in which you
have a flyer and a base okay that I
still don't know what that is a flyer
and a base on top of each other that's
what a lot of newlyweds like to do that
came out weird let us show you oh whoa
this is the money shot
Bobby's gonna do I got this right you
mean you've every guy the face okay you
really want the base with the strongest
core and chest up and then the Walborn
keep your core tight up point your toes
chest up finding your energy
you really want to focus on this you
just want to think light woo calm like
you're floating on water peaceful
tranquility you're a little bit more
like a stiff cat than a flowing for
peace tranquility obtain the balance
within you as you melt your base really
want to find your energy
action who your partner she jumps
kundali before
elegance elegance do the turkey close
out your journey you're going to find
where your road ends the sky - the skin
the skin the cloud rap room do you feel
like you're floating on clouds yeah okay
so I get let's not get ahold of
ourselves we're gonna have a singing
competition ahead of ourselves sorry I
had a rappel yourself either okay
alright you get to pick the song that we
are going to sing to as you karaoke and
you have to get all the words right
it's kind of visit in this called
vertigo how'd it go well sorry let it go
okay okay few words I literally don't
know that song that's not even fair I
have to be frozen gonna have to reload
yeah that's good yeah if you know that
song there's my videos are gonna get
copy we're in for singing that song
she's quiet
people can't hang the whole song using a
whole song enough let it go let it go I
never beg anymore
let it go but you couldn't get that for
sure I win alright alright contest is
over
alright guys so I want to talk a little
bit about can't sight that you guys just
saw it just now we basically go there
every year for Thanksgiving 15 to 20 of
us we all go there and we just spend
like I think five days there and every
year we run into either one two three
bears they'll pop off I'm just got to
scare them we just got to scream at them
they'll run off and then there's times
where it would be a couple beers or
three and they'll surround us and we
basically we can't do anything about it
so all we have to like call the park
rangers and they have to come do you do
whatever they have to do scare the bears
off and then they basically get kicked
out the rest of the time that we're
supposed to be there we have to go to
another campsite but this year we ran
into one bear it's like a medium-sized
bear and it would come every night and
all we'd have to do is root scare at all
and then like ten minutes later like pop
out somewhere else if you do follow me
on snapchat you probably saw it already
but we were trying to scare off the bear
in the snap shine you could see the bear
you look closely so make sure to follow
me on snapchat you haven't seen that yet
so me and my brother we ended up leaving
a day earlier because we don't want to
hit traffic and you know most a lot of
the family was gone so we'd like to
decided to leave early so Monday morning
my mom I said that they wake up in their
tent and days all the bear clawed their
tent out here the picture is on the side
here is just pretty crazy how the bear
got that close to even to start clawing
the tent and I'm sure one of them like
scared off in the middle I but that's
pretty crazy but alright guys thanks for
watching make sure liked this video if
you enjoyed it and subscribe to my
channel if you want to see more stuff
for me and all my friends and family now
so you know usually I end the video with
like you know working off of somebody
and we do something cheesy and then then
the video ends but I have nothing right
now so I'm going to do my best to slowly
creep this song that I'm going to use
right now and then end it baby
I felt so shit the flowers for a couple
of hours on a beautiful
you
all right so apparently armadillos carry
leprosy and now Charles has leprosy
how's that feel do you feel any
different I feel like I'm tired saying
to attend to zombie where's Mother
Teresa when you need her
