he's good Oh what's your name again one
okay all right he never sees us again
hahaha do that one minute wonderful
alright Liza
we got back in there was like five FWC
officer bombing for us and they were
like okay yeah
multiple people called and said that you
guys were catching alligators
you had alligators on the boat that you
will keep it okay I was like a bitch we
had like a whole thing just full of
beers and I was like we're so far and
these guys are like you guys been
drinking ready for this one oh oh I
thought you caught something oh hey
we're remaking your vine all the red
spotted yeah that's right for me
my worm okay okay okay I love dog
dynasty
oh my you know he's gonna go to hell
especially like you're not gonna believe
who just caught me yo we are taking on
so much water is that from that better
be from the ice but we're trying it's
okay B we're having today no this is
actually not good at all I was party
talking about the water but yeah but
that's actually really bad anniversaries
are loose and water's coming in I can't
believe we're gonna remake the Titanic
I'll be ROS get that whistle
the anchor doesn't reach the girl in the
we line ah nothing better than stuck out
with a bullet
we're sinking baby Paul who hold up I
got it
nope I'm you got a big one guys fun fact
we used to do a lot of uh vines out here
right yeah we did yeah we did a lot of
Bidoof yeah to be good so many promos I
we did a bad you vine out here where we
caught our bay Oh baby you caught
something okay what'd you just catch oh
yeah I caught him in he's right there on
the weeds right now
didn't catch not gonna bet Oh what was
that mean this is not good Oh
oh yeah baby we don't care Sophie open
up these first down into this murky out
Oh baby you pulled me my eyeball
somebody get a bucket we need to empty
this bitch why are you wearing fish
finders they're called striking Sarah
extra polarized you can see the fish in
the water that's a damn lie lie catching
that's not fair
so holy you're cheating right now maybe
you got x-ray vision for the decision
that's why you know where to go we think
he's trying to get like a good spot cuz
he thinks I know he's looking in the
water yet that's a good spot yeah all
right
yeah
apparently we're not supposed to be here
sorry Oh bitch get it yeah gotta get out
where's the mat baby watch out we can't
chase
oh shit oh shit a pineapple
what's a little bit okay oh really go
how the hell can you give it to her this
book I think they watch our vlogs yeah
guys are lucky to over here we got two
vloggers you remember that guy who used
to be so you got him alright guys I need
a boob for a boob in the water is
jumping legitimately a small bird
all right so my little sister gets off
school in like five minutes off to go
pick her up right now but she told me
things have been kind of weird ever
since she was in the last video so I'm
gonna go to her school now and let's see
what's up Wow Maria died I'm out front
right now in front of the school why God
everybody I don't know why she told me
to go in the bag why are you going to
the backseat okay why'd you make it be
here from the bag because ever since
your last video I've been bombarded with
phone calls from like strangers they
want to hang out he wants it at lunch
okay though I keep getting screenshots
from people on your video with my
picture and they just keep invading my
privacy and it's really irritating but
was there anything else I can do for you
Princesa daya yeah I need you to get me
coffee because I've had a really rough
day with all these people coming up to
me I've had it for like a week about
only a week I just posted this video
three days ago you tell me you're a
famous before the video even came out
you're ready the popular girl and now
this video came I do you think you're
gonna have to like switch schools now
because you're so famous I think I'm
gonna be home celebrities usually after
like years of being in the business like
going mental breakdowns but you're
already getting it and you're on day one
three you must be swarmed with a
paparazzi in high school especially
because you know there's like a whole
Fatah is in there a photography
department are they're trying to use
your face as I click bait in their
yearbook yeah although I won't happen
unless I get a percentage
so are you interested well I mean I was
thinking that maybe cuz you're really
famous now Selena Gomez or something
you're right I guess you're right
I say you can videotape me a lot of you
know that she's my sister but to be
specific she my dad and my stepmom had a
kid and that's her
so you again she would be my house
half-sister yes first yeah you're my
first okay exactly what do people I
explained it to you only why they look
American and they look Indian they're
like wow are you doctor right when
people come to me ask me what I am the
last thing they think is there don't
look like American person maybe you look
white so people don't assume air just
like features like my nose my beard you
just like you can tell I guess my hair -
if I had a shaved head you would easy to
see me you'd be considered half Arab
Pakistani culinary it has like
psychology all the other classically no
they have it in North Miami okay so here
that's what mama wants to move down my
face so I can move down plantation so
you can go though ya know you can't live
with yourself now baby you're 13 14 15
okay you even drive yet I mean I would
love me oh you don't even have your
permit video I studied for it my
birthday wouldn't take me like who's
fighting focus on your work oh yeah well
I just dropped Bob off at the airport
and Mama's Network right Thank You ah
yeah we all have a job Oh I mean don't
argue they're gonna
I didn't even know what YouTube is if
you want we could just go over the
basics of driving which is up like that
you're not supposed to run over the
ground you know how to park in a parking
lot right there you go
go ahead I can what about the kid I
thought you didn't know you're not going
to pass every we got it we got to
practice a little bit more all right
guys thanks for watching make sure to
LIKE this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to my channel if you want to
see more stuff for me and all my friends
I'm shout out to aina
thanks for retreating all myself and
keeping up with all my videos and do
something mom I just go home oh my silly
what is the bumpit you ran over that kid
