oh my god there's so many people in here
it was awesome I like baby business in
fact of you running everybody comes here
to be in the box just feel filming
without being able to talk over here you
guys know those Donna's have just been
made to look so fresh you know she was
here like 2 o'clock and the winner
Boston harassment alone just we got the
baby is too early it's way too early in
the morning we decided to include Scott
in it because I was like he force
himself onto us and let me look like an
ass I walked in and was like hey saying
you want to go get breakfast and I guess
Scott was awake and heard it so then we
felt obligated cuz he was like wait were
you guys going and they're like what you
know it's he's like are you guys go into
case right they practically begged me to
come it's Coffee time
and he was like all I wanted to be a
part of it I wanted to be a part of it
he couldn't even grab a coffee but
that's the whole thing you come to me
okay I'm just gonna come damn now see if
he can join us Coffee time
you see that doesn't work I think he
needs to walk home brought me along just
to pick on me you would like you want to
go get food with us you wanna go to case
this guy's out of it you want to know
why we don't have any voices today we
had a wild boy three nights ago it was
so funny started off really dumb but all
just sitting around we're like oh listen
this is nice is great yeah even Jason -
he's like wow this party fucking sucks
I was gone all day and apparently nobody
showed up - Zane's birthday party that
she'll like for oh watch your dog oh my
god that's the UPS guy wait what that's
the UPS guy from the legal boy yeah
Amanda got my fucking driveway Wow just
fucking Ram her car oh yeah just happen
that's always literally in the street
I'm done with the dogs I'm gonna be ups
illegally booked before we talk about
the party I love how we were inside okay
so no and she sees me pull up the camera
and she's like oh no saint it's too
early he wasn't prepared for her persona
wasn't she wasn't ready for that yeah -
tie it I fucking love that they're
showing Studio City go to Cannes Donuts
it is the greatest most reasonable price
Swedish people like I think we are I
think we all go there because I have the
how sweet they are right about not
reasonable to every day there's lychee
yeah sandwich for like two though yeah
and it's like it's the best sandwich no
all right the full name of the place is
called Kay's doughnut Emporium just go
in there and just fuckin eat when you go
in ask for Ben and Mary and just say hey
guys I'm here because it's st. in he
what you can say that but they won't
know who I am
hey guys no known I'll use my promo code
back to the party
it started out really bad and it was so
funny and then all of a sudden it became
a shit show decayed that's gonna go
that's when that area just got swarmed
with people like at first it was just
six or seven of us sitting back here
late for your punk once
there was like the girls and then the
guys just sitting on hundreds of water
it was food it was like too nervous to
talk to each other even though we're all
friends yeah he's like looking at you
like I got to the point where people
started trickling into Scott's room you
know huh Scott's room is like a thing
where everybody just goes and hang out
there's about like six people in there
then we decide to start giving shots
every person that walked into Scott's
room and we made like a big deal out of
it
every time someone walked in it was just
screen-reading than the last person had
coming out of everybody was he doctor
pooping and I'm like what the fuck is
all the hooting and hollering there are
so many lights on - we turned off all
the lights and we just all of a sudden
started singing this song how it was but
I'm gonna play her right now I didn't
film a lot of it because I kind of
really just wanted to enjoy the moment
and I don't think anybody really loudly
I don't think anybody else felt a lot of
either I think we just really wanted to
just have a good time nobody film that
much no I got here late and the party
was hopping I just wanted to feel like
we're in high school again so it was
really nice you know it's it's not being
oldest however once how old are you 24 I
can't wait till we're all 55 years old
so I'm doing this and I'm like shaking
10 times more than I make after I ain't
got our two cents and he's just shake
well I got too much I can't remember
what you just said like heat that's your
cue that's your line I'm like talk about
the Lewis that you actually now forget
your short-term memory loss remember
back when I want to play the clip now
Dan you like oh yeah I'll play the clip
now the quality difference in 30 years
like our old like we're gonna be like
building on like hologram machines
you're just gonna die my Jesus hologram
to fill in for the TD
hey Jane can you pass my oxygen machine
is that a cigarette
you got the whole Ray Kevin nicotine IV
just
you have the fucking oxygen mask on
while you smoke oh shit my fucking
throat hurts so much right David told me
to start recording this because it's
gonna be a surprise you space timing
right now thank you thank you what is it
where is it
hold on are you serious
24 through all he happens no come here
dude my voice is gone you keep doing
through a bug you're in the keys you're
gonna double tap this right here my oh
my god drew that's a nice controller
that is what ha bean boozled dude every
youtuber does you can slip it in your
pockets wherever you're going you want
to youtube on the go cuz I know your
have that trip coming up is shake it in
and go like I shoulda seen that shit
coming this was 99 yeah we're always
talking to me how you want to be like a
youtuber would you want me to get you a
hooker that last night he was last a
lifetime
I want a slut dude like youtubers have
Tesla's you you know how you become at a
youtuber ish it's when you start doing
that and it Russell comes later so I got
to do this first you do like that dude
that's how I start I did the bean
boozled challenge one day and the next
day I had Tesla it's literally just like
that and like you to the on your second
channel I do not my psychic dude I got
this especially gonna do this with me
right fuck no dude that's a stupid-ass
challenge I'm not gonna waste my time
with that
I just eat this by myself yeah make sure
you record it because you still want
that tester right yeah
I'm just not wasting my time shooting
some stupid bean boozled I try I would
just pop them all in your mouth I want
all you wanted to bean boozled in the
test line
Oh si clickbait yeah eat all tastes like
gum bud can taste and or say 24th
birthday Friday you taste the bad look
no elongation balls of flavor lose you I
can smell it smells like fresh cut grass
and scuffling ass
well not like ass like fresh pepper my
test I will beat your ass just be blue
and red a green streaks Alan it's
cutting through the side of my door
you've asked it if they put in those
damn jellybeans the hosts fine and I you
just wait you two stay at home in one
day yo next up Tesla be really that easy
big Nick didn't Nick has a test at all
well first someone had to break his neck
so he drugged that search oh Jesus
actually I got some good news we
actually are gone it's like a kind of
car place well you're taking me to a car
place basically yeah honestly my
birthday present still like for graduate
still happening I wasn't joking the bean
boozled thing was just for like the
vloggers to be silly but I thank God or
actual I get to still comment liza
hasn't even been here with me so what
kind of car place is this it's like yeah
it's good but just say when we leave
you'll be like wow that is clean what's
this place
maybe it's your birthday present oh gosh
this is gonna be so cliche god I can't I
can't do this anymore my throat I need
to figure out a way you do because you
have it to me all day like is there
anything that we can tell you it just
hurts so much take it all like mucinex
and that's just not helping and I just
got something that would at least
alleviate it I talk right now it hurts
Anka pee with honey bath salt water one
I don't want to drink you're asking me
for like remedies it's like one of the
remedies may be suffering through the
pain is like
you should just go through because it
actually sounds cool but you sound cool
sick point is that a thing like people
actually like to have raspy voice ooh I
always see comments when someone has
like they just whatever something like
you'll see girls comments like oh my god
his morning please alright
yesterday Sol's like a fucking heat
voice I feel like I just smoked 13 packs
right now it makes you sound calmer
adding people like that do I sound call
- that's like mysterious but I want to
do with mine he's so attractive because
you're that raspy voice 24/7 he has a
cigarette voice that's a little lung
cancer voice oh my god
Oh daddy you look up ways to what do you
do when you lose yeah what do you want
rest you should be able to tell me if it
starts getting stressed and basically
just shut up that's the main thing
should this like when you're sick proper
eduation becomes even more important
there's captain and the captain out
there pulling drink Captain Morgan Oh
like drink water drinker drink when I
said drink I better than my ears always
guys which a lot ways to clear my
bellossom protocol because when you lost
your voice you want to lose your voice
why are we looking up ways to get rid of
the wrong voice we should keep it I
think the way to keep it is to yell to
keep yelling alright guys thanks for
watching make sure like this video if
you enjoyed it and subscribe to my
channel if you want to see more son with
me and all my friends holy shit I hate
my voice I'm jealous do you want my boys
to make out
we invite David over with like 10,000
pounds of dry ice my mom was definitely
loud give a pool mm-hmm oh yeah
