alright guys so this is going to be the
last we all see 20 is nothing and like
you ruin the moment out go fuck her all
we're all we're all leaving alright guys
so in celebration of fine dying we're
cool that's not good right celebration
memoriam of fine time we've decided that
we are going to show our best finds that
we've done together to get this before
we were even friends on YouTube your
friends on this app cold line isn't it
crazy this is the biggest friend finder
weren't even like really friends you
just kind of good stuff to go I don't
even remember making anybody Scottie
though oh this is when we like to move
to this house yeah we're kind of friends
that yeah we're becoming friends yeah
that's like when I first ever like
really hung out with you is when you
came up with the test wait dad come over
just hang out thank me pretty much yeah
you were so to me this actually I'm
actually gonna put a clip art first line
messages right here I haven't unpacked
anything he all he goes so he was so
excited he came over with like his all
like race face I was such a fangirl dude
literally out of hangover everyone be
Franco LaRosa most that's why I just try
to play cool on any people that's
watching by I love them they're gonna be
almost laughing look at my beer I can't
hold it together finish did that so many
times I can stop laughing so it's
literally a promo and you did it for
eating and alcoholic and during this
time period was when my dad made a deal
with me that I wasn't allowed to drink
for a month like I promised my dad I
wouldn't drink and then you guys wanted
to do an alcohol way this is a drama
yeah I was no way you need me baby this
is like one my all-time paper but I'm
not in this one
oh my god aliens they don't know me
coming here made like two days ago at
nine it's a politically or like the vine
is it like that funny but it's a way you
acted and that's what make the vine was
the aisle it was fucking wearing a white
polo with
that pans on the kickball yeah I was
wearing the American pants we took a
picture at this line in your room it
really well I'm like god damn you dirty
bitch I never seen a peasant like you
had a dozen license maybe hundred
thousand like there really well I loved
crowded youtube clips and like not like
reacting to you but like doing shit like
that it was so like yes how you
whispered as if we weren't all gonna
sign I got a lot of comments about like
being able to do the splits oh yeah I
think that was the first time we start
getting like really bad he comes because
they're like oh my god you're colliding
with Scott now guys oh that's what
honestly every time we ever do anything
together it's always like yes god he was
terrible is oh wow I'm also wearing my
mind jacket how convenient god I feel so
bad not doing this with Eve
but he's home now so that's on you buddy
all right
I'm sorry he's like doing it on purpose
how just like useful walking in here
like thank you thank you I can do all
right guys next time please I'm so angry
today you're right no I realize it's
just that like that I think it's cuz the
last vine we watch I wasn't in I felt
like a third wheel wait I want to I have
a question who did you meet first meet
David Henderson that you first oh you
guys were here now and I like never saw
a bit until moved over here remember
like wanting to you know we did really
your leash I think this is our most
popular vine that we're all three and
Scott's out of this stuff hiding it from
us oh do you know what this day was
right
oh yeah my god that's good I actually
kind of had Johnson's idea fun fact
about design this is my first vlog of
filmed on this day your Freeman your
first it was sad this all again tense
third-wheeling here yeah we shit
nostalgia I wasn't in that vine I was in
that first vlog I wasn't in like the
first hundred or two but it almost
wanted my okay that's do something oh
dude that's clonal I want to look up now
in the first time you ever bought me
like weird I'm still in dude that hit
like I know Liza wasn't them to look
forward to I was looking at vlog 50 in
week snapped I posted my vlog I was only
getting twenty thousand days those are
my highest video after vlog 40 I was
talking about this with Heath on my
David dingos views for how many months
I'm surprised that he stayed like he
kept on going I was getting awful view
yeah there were good bees at the time so
he went through all the struggles so we
didn't have to you ready
banana that's my banana vibing yet no
it's not listen why didn't I do you
think I was Brandon
oh shit ass is all shy with all your
Brandon I'm sorry that was the best time
to vlog is when we were filming fine
yeah came to do stuff yeah you're able
to like just what a representative and
Eliza can't hang out every once in a
while - Scottie you're in this one - I
remember this one you asked me if this
was gonna do good and I said no oh and
it did really well
bigotry you want candy ah you didn't
like that one it's super your humor it's
just opposed to be awkward on like very
awkward you saw was a humorous I'm
saying I've literally seen all the
fungus you don't have to hide it from me
I love it I just want to make it
exciting certainly right by me this one
me and David er it this one's not my
mind this is actually David vine so I'm
gonna have to make sure it's not what I
did
it changed the pitch of the audio so he
can't see ya right Rachel that was when
I was trying to crank out a vine every
day and I was so desperate for on you we
are you heard oh come on hit me hit me
right here have you there like Irish
game
people did not like this I'm standing
there and then I was standing there the
only Gabby was like in one random scene
I believe right I think it was like
Gabby showed up to get her bond done and
then she's like all right guys I gotta
go I'm like Daddy I have a fine is like
okay I'll be in one scene this is a dies
upon Oh
Biggles pig that was well that was
literally trashed was pretty bad it was
also something on a Twitter page like
bagels bagels it was a snapchat sort of
why I'm so surprised across to that it's
a will I had nothing to do with me just
because they were sitting so close next
to each other that was a time with you
haven't even kissed yet so people are
just like oh my god they're telling ya
I'm on camera on camera there did no
they're just I tell you what is touching
right now these are the times where you
can like anybody's snap you guys you
guys are even like sitting next to each
other like that like this was like a
furthest I could ever go he says I don't
think she was a goddamned appear yeah
not oh no it was when we didn't want
people to know we were dating she was
like the first two months of our
relationship
oh really yeah remember we didn't tell
people were dating tell like two three
months in oh Sh I don't know the I
thought it was like only no I was
definitely there was a period of time
where no one knew remember I did in the
bottom like 1 2 3 we're dating and she
says I'm pregnant
oh god it okay she's like I haven't told
anybody that I proposed to her yet you
know yeah oh all right guys it's the
last one sorry we had been to a lot of
binds together this was like closer to
when David started blogging so like we
were all just like really trying to push
out blogs up at that point this is one
of my favorites actually
where I show the ovaries like it was
like I'm usually
his vines have always been like mental
more like something that's like thought
out yours is all basic nursing a lot of
physical yeah to make sense since so oh
you're saying that my binds are like
Naaman lady they're dumb no Hayes are
smart minor Tom tomorrow funny dumb
funny not funny
hey all right guys um so this is going
to be kind of like big shocking news but
the Cmdr last vlog together all of us
for for a good week and a half I'm
trying to do the big Nikki let's see if
it works it's kind of cool that we're
all doing this cuz okay here's the thing
about this being our last vlog together
for like quite a bit it's gonna happen
in December again when it's Christmas
time the scary part is when I was the
only one vlogging and I went home for
Christmas I was like man I'm gonna be
scared because I'm not with those people
anymore and I'm wondering if people are
gonna watch it so now that we're all
going to be like separate from each
other now you guys are gonna understand
my pain we can tell them that they have
to respect us being with other people
other than ourselves we're all going to
be like with our family so you guys get
to see who we really are actually to be
completely honest we're going back to
our roots yeah you still have to enjoy
the box but you guys are gonna have to
get over the fact that Scotty's not
gonna be in it or his name's not gonna
be it's not gonna be like a bunch of
rowdiness because like I would have to
ask my family to be like they'll be
they're gonna be more laid back
especially I'll exactly Thanksgiving and
I think there's just gonna be a lot of
like me my mom discussing like shit that
I should do as a kale or will they be
more boring maybe I never say you guys
are at least lucky that you're going to
your own family you'd be able to talk to
your family but going to see Kristin's
family so that's going to be like are
not my camera on me record except for
like your little brothers just my
sibling you know what my family never
does either but I feel like I'm just
like mom I really need this she like
okay honey would you mom I really need
this honey I do mom my mom has helped me
with a couple videos but I think she
just uses her work as an excuse to not
be in the videos feeling money I can't
be in the B's because of my work like
but you were in this videos like yeah
but my dad doesn't like being in videos
because in the past like people would
drive by my dad and see him be like yes
it's George it's nuts dad just because
they knew that we where we lived up hey
it's George Scott's dead fuck you
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure like this video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to my channel if you want
to see more stuff for me and all my
friends I shout out the weakest of Lydia
grace thank you so much for returning
all myself and watching all myself and
being there this is gonna be our last
last vlog and you know
I think we need to uh but yeah I got no
idea
you
totally need a pack right now and I'm
like now I need it I need to be on a
plane in 45 minutes the floor that's is
a youtuber thing to say is it I gotta be
on a plane at Thursday's viciously nice
$10 vlogs I'm gonna be on a plane in two
seven minutes later hours away from here
I boosted Boyd will get me there
