dammit look at this no I think you
should join the Navy you read a lot of
skin a lot of chunk really be able to
handle that toughness out there huh did
you just say chunked out chunking do you
know babe you know what I mean like how
I feel about that I'm real sensitive
about people call me chunk so useless
he's just follow you up nigga wait okay
he remembers he's good what I wants a
drink
bull somebody get this guy race what's
your favorite Lady Gaga song
her daughter likes Lady Gaga who do you
like to listen to little boozy boozy
everybody happy
my hat flew off as we were driving to
Kay's and now we have to find it I just
hope some homeless guy doesn't have it
on us at all right now what that's
terrible I hope some oldest guy just got
a freak that's a neat dude I got that
from Chris it's special to me what color
is it
it's a block now no it's not block holy
it is is that it yes that's it
why didn't and they ran over that you
ready to hop out quick I can't
Oh baby oh my bladders hair looks a
little duct tape can't bake baby this
shit is fucked up look they ran over the
DA they ran over the button so they
won't even now push out to stay no no
guys you see it looks fun it does not
look like you look like a pokemon
trainer like a statue yeah it looks like
it looks pixelated good cartoon huh he
said it look like fall out boys oh boy
sound like one of those like train
conductor hat alrighty this is a pretty
big day today
oh why yeah why is it a big day because
Matt King is gonna go paintballing with
us no imagine Matt King playing
paintball hey y'all it's Suzy and Debbie
so we decided to invite our friends
Martha and Cameron from the neighborhood
on the paintball field you know we've
always had grudges forgetting FinCEN
face went up to our casserole at the
local PTA meeting and now we're out here
we're strapped up we're playing like one
of the boys now that's right time to get
rough and tough like an old chest hair
up oh yeah
artha now there with a shotgun we came
to pay oh shit I haven't been
paintballing since like before a thumbs
up guys please just don't shoot me in
the upper torso I'm wearing my Burberry
bigger Salomon you got you just seem oh
baby like a safe flight out of a
helicopter I'm gonna just play medic the
entire time I'm gonna gonna save I think
I'm the one with the medical degree I
don't shoot I'm just here to save lives
so what's good like Inbal strategy how
do I need to like get shot and shoot the
other people all right I can do that saw
me and my family do get to have like
double like hey or just wind oh you have
- I think it's like double here you got
offense on the guns that they have there
yeah can we play a one-on-one Oh
wonderful a one-on-one come on Petey no
not that good I'm gonna get on the field
and I'm gonna get shot in the forehead
this is me behind you before today he do
you have the text of you getting shot in
the forehead you're going paintballing
for the first time
no you're used to play a lot like back
in the day and I had to stop playing he
got too expensive and then I wanted to
join the college team I went out to go
play with like my friends who were on
the team and and right before I leave
Danes like he said something like watch
you get shot in before that or some I
think you text me saying hey like dude
I'm paintballing i text you too bad in
the way where it's like thanks for
inviting me I texted him back like
thanks for the invite I hope you get
shot in the goddamn forehead and then
sure enough I don't know how it happened
but there was this much space on my
forehead between my mask in my hat and
it just boom right here just literally
my whole forehead welled up and I had to
go to work would you work at Brookstone
massage
I think I need to get her lifted to the
hospital oh shit let me see it where is
it oh my god baby are you okay I'll be
all right I'll be fine can we get a
medic medic we need to get something we
got to wrap you in a tourniquet
Jim didn't dad yeah I was good all right
so I snapped you guys saying that I was
gonna answer some questions that you
guys have for Keith and I through
snapchat if you guys don't follow me on
snapchat you guys should because I'm
always giving updates and putting extra
stuff that you don't see on here on
snapchat so make sure to do that but I'm
gonna be answering questions now do it
let's do it Natalya Mineo five-run
you're one bad bitty like I'm not like
these other basic bitches say yes oh yes
yes
Holly Kate what was your first pet
Tuesday do you have any brothers or
sisters
okay I'm answer the first ones we can
talk it up all the courses maybe one at
a time try to push ten questions and one
snatch a you don't play us while you
serve on my first thought was I think a
turtle a total total I want to know
what's the worst thing you've done like
punch somebody in the face kill somebody
like someone's fear you know no all
right well if we killed somebody we
would definitely not say it on here and
murdered a man Becca no no what's the
worst thing you've done physical harm to
somebody I only have ever done any
really bad physical harm to anybody no I
need somebody in the face and split his
forehead open oh yeah oh he's a charmer
Lizabeth nerd what those dirty i party
squid
ship named z hello okay so my question
is if you could pull one crime and get
away with it what would it be like
murdering a man yeah all of us in st.
the great minds think alike
what do you like about each other the
most who's what do I like most about he
I think he's just so nice and caring to
others and kink it will cook me food
whenever I want
what about you what do you like about me
oh I had to answer back next question
gianna releasing a book I'm waiting for
a book you writing a book
oh okay so I'm coming to your book
signing I was wondering when it's gonna
be Magda Andrade
okay my question is if the rat is still
living under the couch
we never updated them that's a good
question have you checked the mousetrap
they hear it the mousetrap is still
empty but I hear them every night I hear
run across my roof it is some massive
footsteps it's scary you here dudududu
bow-bow bow-bow alright so the rat has
not been caught no answer that okay
night why should Compton Molly was that
4th of July really embarrassing that's
pretty embarrassing alright so basically
Gabi pushed me in the pool the fourth of
July and I got really upset i I just
bought my phone a week ago before that
it was a brand new iPhone 7 and she
pushed me in the pool and everybody was
over and I didn't realize it and I was
just screaming at Gabi I was like
yelling obscenities at yabby I don't
even want to repeat what I was saying
made her crying I didn't mean to do that
but I was just so angry yeah and I
remember everybody just liking like damn
saying like that's like shitty of you
and I feel like everybody thought I'd be
different after that night that was a
very bad night for me what about you um
I think every I think every time you get
drunk is an embarrassing choice boy I
open that one looks like tampons ain't
open it ok well that was your open that
could have been you but it's gonna cost
about 85 I find my favorite youtubers I
just like to know what was nice to you
guys on next year's big things come in
we have nothing nothing coming yeah so
yeah just don't get too excited just
vlogs yeah would you two ever be gay
lovers I mean yes I believe you mustache
it has been there all fucking day ever
to get that sucker oh joy Oh Nina any
famous celebrity who would it be
Maggie Montoya what are some occupations
that you wanted to be when you were a
little kid are you two like our faces
all like this or Dennis the Lovisa
oh yeah
Island doll sick sick sick what do you
look for and er what do you look for in
a girl heat ah girls that look like Zane
oh my god Sarah Amy
no she's not oh my god it's her I
couldn't see the poem but I oh my god
just a reflection I saw like I didn't
Ellis will he ever get a girlfriend and
will he ever text me back some pregnant
with his kids
hey oh my god you guys without me though
that in I won't be where he takes her
back ah fuck alright sorry I'm really
soon as it megan BRS like Dean back
Sunday was what like one of my favorites
I love Hawthorne Heights I really like
the song from confide that's not emo
with the old-school emo is confide
old-school EEMA I don't know like Chris
chicken tacos right now it's gonna have
to be mahi-mahi talk about fish
pescetarian chill
Chelsea loves you remember question but
would you rather
marry each other or stay alone for the
rest of your lives
and guy happy well obviously marry each
other with the love you we don't feel
obligated basic question but what's her
favorite food what a chicken is about to
oh one question from Texas so when y'all
get tattoos do you think about it there
might be four or yeah just get drunk and
say fuck it hey y'all fuck it we're
getting tattoos go out and then we're
like alright let's get a tattoo and then
we think on the spot all right what's it
gonna be
damn we just do it that's a life wenge
Allah oh why don't you see everything no
wider feet look like a you know oh never
mind
Montoya Nina thank you how to hook up
with one of your roommates who would it
be
Oh who would it be um answer the
question don't think about it who's
gonna be
who you fucking okay well I guess he
does hey if you could take David's Tesla
anywhere what would you do with it where
would you take it and why running off a
cliff huh yeah Todd does it's the
craziest thing you guys have done this
year people pay my rent I'm Jordan hey
nice car hang out with David who's like
a 20 year old okay Road Assessor what
kind of gems do you guys go to like is
it like a CrossFit or do you guys do it
at home it's such a bro so why wouldn't
you - um hey y'all that's all for today
make sure to LIKE this video if you
enjoyed it and subscribe to my channel
if you want to see more stuff for me and
all my hillbilly friends are you guys
making fun of me no but Sharla we go
some Mariah you know I love you nah me
too baby yeah that's Kelly Rowland by
the way so no hurry think of another
Mariah song cup oh come on you um come
on
come on Zane you're gonna sing me to
sleep that's not even a song you can't
come up with a variety character like no
baby who's gonna talk to me I'm fond of
the Sun girl who's gonna deface it and
nobody did oh they did we belong
together man
when lost upon me
