fuck you like that bro
rosemary Wow
how was the getting some frozen peas
clavinets eyes all dancing you Wow
hearing I just have so much respect for
strippers hey hey baby you have to get
up what have you seen your thigh you're
talking just like your thigh I think you
got something oh my fucking god what the
fuck is this hey hey hey who is that
you're so beautiful we know who the fuck
is the lead good no fucking Louise the
fuck is Louise same for we with a Louise
left
I don't know but should I get thumb up
that looks like your grandma died and
you got a tattoo of our name okay who
the fuck is Louise why did I get a girls
oh god I'm just kidding I'm pranking you
that's a fake tattoo
did you see what I got huh you got
tattoo - yeah you wanna see it - I
aspire to be
do you remember what I got last night no
please tell me you have jeez okay I want
you to lift it up yourself what is it
no you didn't say no didn't know you did
you don't remember say no you did it
number one show's over why the fuck you
get number one showstopper
oh my Jane and she better make me
showstopper the remix - you better be in
for the rest of the fucking life yours
doesn't come on either no that's not
afraid why is it so detailed you know
what I love how beautiful you send it
Louise
the Rose is beautiful he sounded bad
really pretty
he does that say house no maybe what is
that oh is it bad oh my god it looks
like an age thing who the fuck is who
fine you know there's tumblr girls that
take like cute little shots of their
thighs you'll get like a boa tattoo or
something - and look like a fucking
doodle pad fresh toddler shit so you you
need to find a Louise now because that
doctor is not gonna like make sense
anymore usually this must've been good
if I got her name never last night for a
second you just like you're the love of
my life is she a stripper who the fuck
is Louise
she's gotta fuck away what you guys do
um you can't afford it but it's really
important to me though not at all my
tattooed this is something that like
really means a lot to me it's just a lot
of thoughts been going to this and this
is like someone I aspire to be and I'd
appreciate it if you took this seriously
it's not a joking matter
yeah I wasn't in the best shape two
nights ago and I got something but right
right but you know I'm nervous you won't
see my tattoo no you didn't you got a
touching your oh we did stop laughing
another missing one see when you try to
oh gosh oh oh I just know I'll put ready
are you fucking well me you don't like
it do Gabby see this yet no dude okay be
that real oh my god out of all the
tattoos you can get you don't like it I
really have no idea how to react to
it's like getting a vine sticker after
making like three mine oh oh fucking
cute is it it's giving me a headache
that's actually pretty fucking funny oh
my god I literally hate you you're gonna
be number two no no offices you're just
a fucking idiot Xing what is the fun it
looks like the type of father would be
in like a which Disney movie is there
like wizards of waverly place with a
little fucking made me so sorry
yeah I got one too what do you mean oh
my god I forgot if I is you forgot I
just do go on you don't know
doing this sample New Age fuck you go
gonna get married yeah you're gonna tell
your wife like she's literally no one in
her whole thing's gonna be like nigga
fuck is Louie one day you're gonna meet
a Louise and your wife is gonna be so
moist
everyone who's named Louise is 92 years
old I'm sick if you're never gonna get
ahead there's gonna be so many questions
on the way to your bed look we're gonna
think that you have all those I'm a girl
about to give your head and I seen
Louise and you have to explain to me
what that means
that's what to learn I can't I don't
know who Louise is you don't want to
make a girl laugh before she tries to
put an alligator it looks like a
memorial tattoo
Jose looks like your grandma died and so
many things are that tattoo on some of
the Harry Potter scar you like that look
a woman nearby it starts to hurt right
there I just love how serious it looks I
love your work at Yoga yet if you're
Beth looking touch hi all right
I don't know girls by that name now
they're all 80 years older in the - boy
it's so funny
who the fuck is Louise Alton you know
it's funny no it's not me oh it's not I
just can't believe I ever see this in
person no I have something to have
something to tell you
okay you ready why are you so close I
feel like everybody's closer no no I'm
just like how curious she's very excited
okay okay yeah perfect
pervert oh my gosh
are you fucking kidding me why does it
have like this dealers logo on it he
said get something you aspire to be and
I said I got it
are you fucking serious I've been
waiting for this moment my whole life I
made the one really dark to let you know
that I am the number one showstopper and
that you have to make me showstopper
next week on you know what yeah you have
to okay it's gonna be nice showstopper
you see the number one showstopper
though um I've had quite a few people
get tattoos for me what the hell it's
good I'm gonna pursue that bitch I have
to get one now this is number one cunt
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure to LIKE this video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to my channel if you
want to see more stuff for me and all my
friends
alright well anyways this now I'm gonna
be Gabby's showstopper next week I want
to kind of be like David's little shout
out next week you know what are you
gonna do
you
can't wait to see my mom's react I'm
gonna get a phone call like what even
it's all you know I want to time it from
the moment I pose to the moment she
calls my mom is gonna kill me
