hmm all right we're live but baby as
dark I can't see baby you stupid ass you
got the cap on Oh
all right guys welcome back to my
channel this is my first video of the
year and I thought I thought why not
start off this year by going through all
of heat and eyes funniest moments since
we started as I was editing this I
realized that this is not really our
funniest moment is it's your punishment
I am already emotional because I see
that this first little thumbnail right
here is in do pars and do parse Club
baby I wouldn't kill that tall stack oh
my god you get that chicken fried egg so
be clever money making damn US of A Lord
Jesus why don't that bite you dude this
love really bad like it looks like it
says Danny not Dante I think you're
gonna have a girlfriend like down the
road who the fuck is Danny I'm not
soaking water right now this is and the
tattoo was so bad already and awful he
didn't like he did shave her hair is all
a very very bad tattoo place I'm pretty
sure we share the same needle - I don't
think I could probably see us asking to
use the same needle my best friend
skinny but it was so bad that the next
day my tattoo just floated we were
looking we were in the hot tub and we
just think nothing wait hold up
look at me baby we need something that
we can microwave Pizza boats you know
the time we didn't have anything else oh
yeah if your middle school didn't have
pizza boats yo shit was bougie that was
the night where my eye was pushed in the
pool that was the same night that was
the Gabby in Sevilla there was not a
good night our new friends jenna Marbles
and Julian had to see that I never see
that before a long time after that they
saw you at yours you don't pay for it
I'm here catch some another fresh
natural drumsticks what we got here is
some damn raw little chicken meat baby
we doing three different types oh oh
just what flavor what you think I'm just
gonna sit them bitches on just like that
got a put and you didn't wash your hands
and all those chickens is that wash your
hands first here you go okay baby
you don't Miami where we don't I someone
oh my god
we look so different
it looks like we're getting down in
there why do we do the things we do
nobody will ever take me seriously baby
buddy I'm speechless right now
look at y'all so know how this is before
it got infected and look how bad you get
somewhere it's gonna get infected and
where it's not I remember getting this
and being like tattoos feel
uncomfortable but this feels really
wrong you want to tell them where you
got that tattoo from the jacuzzi ring
Jim I think the rock that we use the
same bad tattoo guy at the same place
and he would makes it better he would
recognize it be like oh shit here they
come here they come Oh y'all got the
whole middle yeah it's funny yeah huh
keep laughing show your dumb ass
we were bad we were really bad we just
really just we were tanking
that was probably like the best but like
lowest point this was the most fun
though like I felt like I was in college
and frat house best thing about is that
we didn't have to go to school it was
college without God we're being
homeschooled by professor Dover right it
was going on somebody compromised my
Clark number and is committing
fraudulent transactions I know you watch
this shit I'm a fine jeweler you still
from one david overcast number you can
we'll all a David Oprah cast member bid
at least they chose someone with no
money in his account see on your account
somebody tried stealing money that you
don't have we're sorry you're broke -
don't know how to manage our money whoa
7:47 coming through Jesus I really hope
the audio picked that up 30 minutes
right now I've been on hold
I need that $10 that was taken out of my
I'm gonna run out of consolidate lady
that they hire you just come here the
songs about the end
there's no way songs people knew what I
was doing
I'm the gun and the gun and the tea it's
nowhere near the words but yes good good
it's like in Google it's like look it up
yeah
what's the son that goes won't see won't
see I see you'll see you'll see you'll
see
oh that's it's moving baby just alive
I'm a collie Sparky
oh hey try stealing my identity trying
to steal all my money - what'd you do
with your car where you just swipe it
away it's some baby we don't got money
and you trying to bust one wasn't gonna
give you money I'm all 150 dollars baby
okay yeah baby what's your Instagram I
just one little network here tree mama
waitress with disrespect did she do
something to you okay or is your bonnet
your face your body must be to incite
because there is no reason to be
disrespecting my baby like this yeah
baby was she disrespecting you there's
stickers in there nah yeah it's good
watching this it's good seeing what you
were like addiction is real people I'm a
bitch april fools
oh well look your but it's another
object like this takes so much it might
be the bun yeah I don't know I think
it's a big-ass bun
this is what a net looks like added any
house what's really funny is that this
is completely real he puts in the rosin
pizza in the oven this is it probably at
like 3:00 in the morning I was gone
Oh disgusting 15,000 flies is flying
around us and you literally see them
going across the screen are you saying
you just forgot about this I don't want
them to fly out did you squeeze hard
yeah I'm squeezing hard squeeze really
hard all right let's see go inside touch
all my friends to who Scott ain't here
Todd he's working God knows where Ellen
is that what you gonna do jump crazy
okay what that means I call my friends
right over here all of us is fake so
just imagine your fake friends in your
head Dave you tell me that they're
imaginary hold on straw yeah
5:01
why'd you put in your pocket
Oh
get some frozen peas I just have so much
respect for strippers how do you feel
about my new person
well one stopped sucking in your tummy
I'll be fucking in because I got it look
good when you when you leave you tell me
how it naturally is that's when I'll
tell you what I think about it
disgusting it gets sore air or you can't
walk anymore you can't set you can't lay
down my nipples got infected and I
wanted to die
Oh your baby look at Joe Kelly's sweat
what I don't Billy sweat baby that's
clowns can you please get our check
alright so what do you want anybody
wants to do it before we like snow
recording or anything no baby you could
take our muffin card and go swipe it
inside exactly
and pay for food I'd like to see her
with all my friends drink coffee why we
have to get up at her for ruining a
moment that we've had here not running a
moment you have to get up have you seen
your I thought I think you got something
we with the Louise that looks like your
grandma hi Dan you got a tattoo of her
name
here is Louise why did I get it grows my
gosh you see what I got huh you got
tattoo - yeah you wanna see it - I
aspire to be do you remember when I got
last night no please tell me you have
jeez what is it number one show stop
does that say reactions realizing it
looks like a boa tattoo or something -
guys this is all I want to thank all of
you for sticking by us and watching us
even though our stuff has changed and
they might not be as Raw anymore but we
appreciate you thinking with us and
every like appreciating better or for
clearly I love you so much and thanks
for watching make sure to LIKE this
video if you enjoyed it and subscribe to
my channel to see more stuff for me and
all my friends make sure to follow heats
channel did a video on his channel
the description
me
baby what are we filming hurry your ass
up I got shit to do
