tomorrow night latest now I can pay my
rent so thank you very much all right so
Carlina and David I'll know where David
is but we're all a trial story now
because she gave me an idea dude
especially since it's Halloween time so
once you explain to Shane Dawson always
does these milkshakes and their theme so
he'll do like Oreo or pumpkin or like
donut or something like that it'll just
go to the store and get everything
flavored with that beaten so it's like
milk coffee creamer and then it's like
an entire donut an entire cupcake
anything with that flavor in it and just
put it in a blender and try it it's
always like right so we're gonna go to
or else right now and get everything
that we can possibly see that's pumpkin
and yeah Wow original do you think we
gotta go get pumpkin shit is this the
beginning of it yeah we gotta get
pumpkin shit boom boom boom
boom I broke a bone so we got a bunch of
pumpkin shit right now we have pumpkin
pie
we have marshmallows we have pumpkin
squares we have pumpkin cupcakes we got
pumpkin pop-tart pumpkin muffins pumpkin
doughnuts
oh thanks Logan when we had vodka wait
why'd you get this I saw we're gonna
drink it on the side with our pumpkin no
that's too mixed with our pumpkin eggnog
no this is juice though yeah we can't
put juice in an eggnog we're putting in
a bottle we feel like Oh juice nah you
know just a replacement there's no good
plug with this I think let me test this
yeah fat-free shit yeah I thought that
I'm sorry we're watching our calories
for this video guys um I have a robot
you those black fantasy you actually
David I'm a fat ass I guess I won
anything's fat for now oh fuck we
probably should have opened the blonde
bitch they had to buy a blender oh these
are actually pumpkin doughnuts fuck I
thought they were just glazed well no I
has to be pumpkin doughnuts punkin
everything man I'd rather eat 10,000
pounds of dry ice okay
go help her make the blender man oh it's
a man job I don't discriminate no you're
right Dave this is my video I shouldn't
be doing anything obviously goes on top
Carly's life Oh probably just take
everything out of the box Rex I do David
I spent window I already broke it oh
dude doing it we just put this in the
doughnuts John let's see how fast we can
do this okay are you gonna finish it I
just want to eat it now two scoops
that's enough you need one slice of pie
throw the whole thing in no we have to
be generous here so so far we've got
pumpkin ice cream pumpkin patch just let
the pumpkin gods decide how many pumpkin
cookies you want okay I feel like these
should be decoration how many top cards
do you guys want
David knows exactly huh nope that's
you've never made this just one this one
pumpkin spice cupcake
oh yeah what's that thing pumpkin
chocolate no the wrap wash oh my god oh
yeah we got four more than that's just
the first layer can you try it actually
let's not put these inks maybe we just
don't have room for me yeah why'd you
get sugar for you what's wrong I didn't
even look at it bro we're not trying to
make this fuckin healthy that's for sure
oh oh all right let's see let's see
that's good and to finish it off just a
little bit of little bit off
oh there you got that sugar going anyway
- I do
oh you don't give a fuck about Christmas
when it's not your house but it's not
your house eyes are none less there's
none left baby there's no less I'm not
eating it that much the fat free ones
saw make them look real cute yeah that's
true
I should just watch my channel to a DIY
Channel you have to try it okay okay you
can see a compass column so slow do you
like it yeah yeah good is it good it
can't be that bad oh man it's a good
control just shit in my mouth
wait what what was that what if I get in
my mouth I really put really good
ingredients in there yeah chunky though
I'm like that's not okay that's not
chunky that looks great are you trying
it but really good really good my
morning protein shake before the gym I
would actually drink this it's hard it's
still like that guys we faked it and I
hate pumpkin - I feel you can actually
like sell that under thousand people
would eat that shit oh really
it makes me feel like I'm doing
something bad makes you feel naughty but
tastes like something at 15,000 calories
yeah well and that you can have once a
year and that's it other than that
you'll get diabetes all right have you
guys ever seen the video where a 13 year
old literally hires an investigator to
catch her boyfriend cheating on her a 13
year old mother you never seen it what
the money for a private is that today
Junior Thursday we thought you would
have the video ready if you came up well
I thought it would be on YouTube I was
like on your phone ready to watch ya
guys ah hi hey
what you're doing at the park um I'm
going to to
Oh basketball yeah you work out yeah
yeah I do cheerleading oh I got this
dress yesterday you like it
oh yeah it's awesome Thanks I have a
shorter one but my stupid mom wouldn't
let me wear it
um how old are you I'm 13
Oh I'm 12 you like younger girls yeah
yeah I could go for a tool can I give
you a hug I'm so happy
what happened none did you break up je
t'adore
es lo together this is your new
boyfriend
hi so what's been the biggest difference
between dating James is now dating
Marquis
joycie recently he knows how to treat a
lady he introduced me to all of his
friends already so I'm just surprised
that her parents were involved in it her
parents are like honey you got to do
what you got to do to catch your
boyfriend in doing this loyal can I have
a hug
that's like rich parents the returns
only like they have nothing better to do
really have all kinds of girlfriends huh
no I don't have that many hey what are
you saying oh I don't I love that
subtitle underneath a little girl I went
to go talk to him was paid active
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure liked this video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to my channel few want to
see more stuff for me a burger just came
out him
what a hand really closing out of a Zayn
took a shower but I still rather be but
I remember we did that musically where I
plug take my nose and put it in your
mouth and you
