I can't believe that J Alvarez all right
so I do not like justing up for
Halloween at all I'd like I'm I get
really lazy and I'm just not really into
Halloween and Matt had an ethnic die
here it's going to be the best costume
ever you're gonna win the contest and
everything there's a contest there is
actually a possibly you're not what are
you just so many kinds oh my god okay
this is gonna make me surprise at the
end for the best costume I'm gonna win
it you are huh why did you tell me this
before very competitive so I'm gonna win
this gym is so you say all right
sweetheart come on out let's see what
you got oh come on Chiara
you look like a star let's see it Oh
oh my god you look great baby you're
gonna win the pageant I play it's
summertime
we look at funny pictures memes and I
mean Queens a bunch of moms having fun
looking at me you're so crazy Linda wait
can I say something my favorite tumblr
moment is Matt and Zayn and I were in
Brendan's apartment we were looking at
my tumblr and I feel like this kind of
inspired it's just nice that we're all
doing it together so oh yeah anyways
like Daryl got a little carried away
mommy didn't become a giant and it's not
even nice I imagine him running around
and taking all these near the neighbors
looking out the window like what the
hell is either I'm just stressing
nothing to do is fucking the rest of the
class is just like silent like the
comments so true like what happened in
that subway I'm not surprised you know
you go to Subway sometimes and you're
like what it's not like this sketchy
it's that way I've been to where one
would actually have what you do really
like the key part in the fucking subway
it's like you'll see the random
restaurants like no dirty diapers on the
table it just physically something
happened and then have to put a roll of
egg in there cheese like
Hey like my circle the G on your own
house he's like seven year bond n
honestly I would hire him - I'm gonna be
gonna Corgi oh sure you can come two
days oh my god I'm so depressed
can we go delete it go all the way down
to the right Finnegan I feel like like
Gavi doing a brandy offers a scuba
diving thing yes I already know
is that a roller coaster waterboxx
imagine a priest like going down with a
kid
Christ is with you job one when Catholic
Answers Oh Callie as I said you click
like their mill you Callie's are going
to else babysitting wedding you like
props in their marketing team for just
being like oh details inside but you
have to open that envelope you won't
believe what happens inside this
envelope oh my god it's so totally nice
I read anything I'm gonna rise it's just
like working in there right they like
the eating we got your car but then they
do like the whipped cream a cold things
it's like hey did your I upset fish
tanks at all what no hey like every I
have is about a physical like live fish
yeah like an aquarium you know those are
something faster yo pass the fly Lego
bricks put peanut butter on a cookie lol
send it to gifs Facebook
like a nice work everybody's like it was
Skippy brand peanut butter here bran is
so exciting like awesome consumer
engagement is this is like a huge rant
but just girl about rainin about vegan
cheese it's like you're gonna be a vegan
don't call your vegan cheese because
it's not cheese call it Gary
or something else and so this brand goes
okay thanks to consumer feedback we're
excited to introduce our new range of
Gary their brand their big achievement
here with all the words me making my
husband wears a pink out of the game all
the time too soon as he knows his wife
oh my I never thought I would go down
hey girl give me a number okay and
instead of giving the number I've been
by myself
$30 Gabby we got our phone a limbo stick
for sale for 20 bucks and then he
messaged the guy goes hey saw the ad can
be great for my daughter's birthday
party Kippur he was like what's the
lotion going and he's like oh and go
below the second rung to be on his heart
Barcelona shot that's like when people
call the East Coast New England like
shut up this is from Michaela
wait what all across from The Exorcist
sweet is it doing a handstand or is it
good well that's why he's like doing
call the fair to the exercies brother
that baby was clearly standing like as
you're her to get out our phone take the
big guys are lean small talk literally
makes me want to rip my hair out how's
the night going she's like my wife night
okay good night you can play wiser to
literally a skeleton
I mean wouldn't show you though ways our
she's give it a damn press conference
like it's James her wife Joyce house
breaking dismantling what David and Liza
going on their one-year anniversary's
he's gonna fight what is that even
comfortably like guys it's like are you
kidding it's always like the most like
hardcore yeah and it's straight guys
it's very close she goes to class it's
like April why don't you stand up and
show us your back because I'm not the
skin on this
sweet wait right man please guys
somebody do a little of the person
caster that was like
in IKEA oh yeah the best buy or I love
the pause the pause on it I think no
this isn't gonna end well she knew like
what I'm just gonna go down there just
she probably they're all like in the
spur of the moment I knew a girl who
locked another girl in a locker in
middle school and then forgot the
combination and they always locked in a
fucking water before verse oppas you've
released the Guru after the rules wanna
know the person who like took that out
of the library like but write back got a
great website
Eliza Street I was sorry to see Kylie
Jenner eat a fucking dead bird but it
was just a turkey sandwich why vegans so
extra Kelly Cho to eat a dead bird on
stuff to every show targets it's not
real that girl's video she just wanted
to talk about how she a the fuckin
turkey sandwich oh no wonder she has
1000 oh yeah you have seen this is that
you T it really should just open the
case of Oh
were they like circling a beak on my
mama before yeah please please pick me
up don't read it they have made it
anywhere there's like oh boy like these
are like their faces like startling
melting it recognize thanks for watching
make sure to LIKE this video if you
enjoyed it and subscribe to our channel
you want to see more stuff for me always
friends Oh what is it what why zeros in
a room
yes but they got no it's up you got it
okay just not me no I can't my eye
shadow I'm like a man well
