baby look oh my god good morning it
looks so handsome today I think they
need a bath all right Keith and I are
taking Carly and Erin to the coffee
place that we go to all the time oh no
where's all their doughnuts where's all
your doughnuts what we're so your
doughnuts hot
I mean Arizona everything you've got all
latte choices
who are they Liza I'll do an average I
wasn't laughing I hate girl up all the
time and make sure to put a little love
in there too a little love a little love
like love orders I was doing venti iced
chai with caramel in a little bit of soy
maybe the pumpkin spice froth on top he
only eats pescetarian Dona those have
non pescetarian something in our it baby
um I'll do something pescetarian beef if
you say pescetarian one more time make
sure the icin doesn't have pescetarian
on biscuit or something
if coffee sauce tree we have Colleen
Aaron welcome running and driving with
Korean Darin I was really nice I would
say let's talk about frump and Hillary
but like I feel like we came to talk
about that well just get yelled at you
became a meme what guy Oh
and Ken bone what's that yeah what was
that he was like the moderator I think I
honestly don't even know all I know is
that he's a meme now and his name is Ken
bone what did he do
you didn't nothing wait I thought he was
one that was like can you say something
positive about each other I was he I
don't know Aang I don't know I'm sorry
camera literally just pan over him and
that's it his name is Ken ball like
handball I think that it just like
became a thing like people were like oh
my god his name is Ken bone but why does
that matter what no I watched the debate
and I don't know anything about politics
and it was honestly scary Erin you look
like you're a crack head all the time
just like a man for David we think the
homeless guy Lady Tigers oh my god so
what was the whole thing with a trump
saying of calling someone a vagina was
that no a city's gonna grab a pussy I
feel like it's not that to us recently
when I walked in this yeah piece are
you're not talking because here I don't
know what to say guy get pescetarians
kind of like any changing your mood
lately yeah you're gonna finish your
coffee you know I have to go out you
literally have to work what do you do
you make one with a secret friend behind
it hey you're still in your truck
I got a park stop being pescetarian
that's literally driving you through the
wall I had you can't even find parking
literally just finished Breaking Bad
yesterday like I want some entire series
and now I have a method that's gonna
take me to her lab so stir cook it up
real night you go inside the gated
here's 11 so can we talk about the time
we both pooped our pants or is that too
embarrassing to talk about yeah it's
really embarrass me yeah let's just drop
that you don't have to talk about it but
I'll talk about it talk about my time
yeah are you sure you alright I poop
asically I hundred cents over by the way
I I think me and sky where do we where
did we eat at I don't even remember
limits at lunch some way there goes
dinner I don't know I got me some cafes
that she goes right to me
no no wasn't some cafe me and Scott were
walking through the gate to come back
home and I farted that's disgusting I go
into detail with this hey you parted and
you shit it's called a shark it's hard
to talk about in order to talk about
it's not that much to say wasn't hard to
talk about just not that much to say we
went to and you can't really put B tones
because that's just really gross me like
what details is there literally we went
to dinner he got an uber and then you
you farted and you didn't realize that
shit was gonna come out and it did guys
we're getting old the story's coming to
you're gonna start wearing depends yeah
now talking about the time you pooped
your pants all the time I poop my pants
I was asleep I don't remember I was an
uber on the way home I was at mostly I
was in the movie I was like damn this
bitch don't you weren't in there Reese I
walk we know it was me Scott and Tom Tom
Harlem no it was right cuz I remember
going up to the uber and you guys were
sitting in it and I was like damn it
stinks in there and then I left
separately I farted right when I got
into it I must have poop my sleep hey
we're all just driving also it gets
stronger and stronger took what what is
that and Tongass did you shoot yourself
night he and Scott both sharding
happened in the span of like what three
four days I think it was like something
in the air you know they must have been
but it sure pretty shitty story huh
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure to LIKE this video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to my channel you want
to see more stuff from me and all my
guys here that
that's not to her so mad Georgia see me
Jesus why would they put sir
