maybe don't come with other excuses when
you should be just not an excuse not to
climb again watch him slide it and it's
gonna work
don't try you're gonna delete that part
of the phone I was god so excited
Scott can I come in
we're gonna watch it hey Scott hey
Kristin I thought I thought we were
gonna know watching the watching movie
on the living room you like have a boys
night you know the Netflix it up some
beer popcorn you know just going to
you're watching something right now
oh it was she also like talk for you
like we came and have a conversation
right now about it like you're fucking
interrupting this okay is that what we
do now like we like we literally planned
this like for two days now we're gonna
have boys night tonight you know Sunday
night like everybody works tomorrow he's
off work on a weekend so it's like the
only time to hang out yeah nigger like I
should watch movie she's here every day
you're right
I hear you talk okay well I'll just I'll
just that's cool I'll just go well it
doesn't look like I'm your roomie it
looks more like I'm in a Queens or
something you're annoying right now they
know I'm here I'm gonna go I'm gonna go
watch the movie by myself that we plan
to watch on Netflix with popcorn and
beer so I'm sorry okay whatever
oh it's Coffee time with Amy maybe got
the head of black again all right so
what's up with these clown sightings
here everybody's freaking out about it I
don't understand it okay but it was like
it look a long time if you haven't heard
anything on the news about it but like
apparently people are dressing like
clowns and killing me oh it's not
killing you but remember there was clown
said he's a long time ago and then now
it's like coming back as a but these
videos aren't like so big they just look
so much like they're acting like there's
a melee and then friends will pretend
that they ran into like a class don't as
kids think the kiss Asia shall we've
been on the internet for our Burien you
ain't youtubers oh go go go go shit I
just got my sandwich
dirty rotten pig and a bottle of my
roommates and a bitches feed baby this
is where they got your scent help Oh
bitch I know I'm looking for the dude
that fucking dick he go catch a fade
real quick he go ketchup what are you
gonna dumb hearing probably nothing he
said you're gonna get a piercing
I don't trust none of these you're gonna
get a piercing you told me that I don't
Mattamy you say you're gonna get your
dilemma
Buse I'll get tattooed anything on my
body wherever you want I'll put a finger
thing a penis on my forehead it really
don't find me whose song this but I
don't what's embarrassing is that you
don't know who seems a song
I'm gonna get his first piercing hold
around me are familiar faces for another
one who sent like David Joe Burke's
brother is your fault motherfucker
hatred is dropped to zero it looks sexy
just stupid yeah no is okay so Zayn and
I went to the gas station to get some
beer while we were there a guy in line
says hey do you guys have international
calling on your phone and I was like no
but my girlfriend does and he goes well
I found this wallet and inside are these
two IDs from these two people from the
United Kingdom I guess out on a vacation
so he gives it to us and he has a phone
number and he goes college so we get
back home we try to call it the number
doesn't work we get on Facebook and try
to find him and we find them at this
point we're like we don't know who these
people are these people could be like
all your doing sketchy shit this guy who
gave us the wall could have like
murdered them and now our DNA is all
over the wall we go to the alley to try
to find this dead body or me and not
really on a fucking adventure trying to
figure this shit and so I get on
facebook Messenger and I try to all her
cuz there's that call option it doesn't
even like ring twice or three times and
like lets you know it's a voicemail and
so we're sitting there and I'm like and
I wish we had the audio as we're trying
to figure it out we're all on Twitter
Facebook to try to find them in my
contact book and he holds on to the
voice memo thing on Facebook on accident
and you just hear us like he's like we
gonna figure this shit out we gonna
figure this shit out solve this mystery
so right they come here there's your
fucking squad it up feels like we're
watching em we're all being recorded on
the voicemail and then it sends to the
and I click set it I just see that this
voice memo from us has gone to them and
we're like oh my god these people are
gonna like freak out when they get this
or we're gonna be in court one day we're
gonna be sitting there and they judge
you back well let's listen to this voice
recording you said it's Nancy's on the
- great three internet stars apparently
murdered two beautiful young couple from
the United Kingdom out on a vacation
let's listen to the voicemail the
voicemail ever to everyone in the
courtroom and me and I have to just sit
there and all them insensitive these
young boys to murder this coupling to
call blood these two kids are just
making fun of a dead body in an alleyway
are these kids really internet stars it
only makes sense they're sock okay come
on and in real life this is what the
people do Nancy takes it from here it's
a fucking I thought we become the new
making a murderer
we're our own Netflix like documentary I
was saying me and Matt start vlogging
trying to solve this mystery and it's
all my youtube channel Jane and Maddie
I'm vlogging everything people just
think this is a fake sketch show but
like we're actually trying to figure it
out cops are seeing these YouTube videos
this is happening in the back as we're
recording and people are pausing it and
putting red circles and putting on
Twitter put all of our lives backwards
and says that we like confess to the
murder everybody so we wanted to give
them the wallet but we thought we were
gonna leave and we weren't gonna be able
to give it to them so we put it in our
mailbox
and he actually just messaged me and
said that he put a reward and said it's
you know something for you and your girl
to get a few drinks like a coupon right
it's a $5 Starbucks gift card it's a
stripper card that he had in his wallet
meet patty down at gold diggers you have
a good time right well let's figure this
shit out let's hope it's not like
ticking or anything but there's a timer
going down to seven six far as like who
the reward opens in seven seconds like a
glitter bomb or like there's a Wyatt oh
the money mostly this guy had like two
hundred dollars in his wallet it was so
awkward formatted have to tell him that
there was no cash in the wallet
this guy just thinks now you have to
hunt he's like you know I'm gonna give
him 30 bucks just in case he has the
$200 I don't want to give him too much
extra all right guys thanks for watching
make sure to like this video
enjoyed it and subscribe to my channel
if you want to see more stuff for me and
all my friends like did go here sleeping
you see that wasn't so bad was it
shit that was so easy under that shit
with my eyes class - funny - hell is
full my god oh he drinking coffee - he's
part of squats
