Oh
okay I didn't know our Park was held in
the CrossFit Games sir
wanna be in a movie they gave you the
dirtiest look at the movie comes out you
hear that but you and the back I wanna
be in the movie
alright so continuing from our pet in my
last vlog Keith now hos Mia Celsius and
I'm pretty excited they can't hear me
when you sweeten your shit I just want
to get this shit over with I you damn
drink people probably didn't even notice
a bottle the Celsius source are like
what the fuck is yeah oh yes L see and
you said 350 balls to be really what the
hell is a Celsius bottle that costs
three hundred and fifty dollars haha no
baby it's the energy drink for three
dollars and fifty cents okay babies only
don't stop explaining bitch I'm like am
pay to promote that prodigy it's great
for energy thermogenic so it burns
calories and it heats your internal body
temperature everybody can hear you in
this fucking singer coming through take
a shit alright Tata you better go on and
get me a Celsius one flavor full flavor
you should ohh damn baby you prom I did
in there I'm just making sure you get
the right flavor I'm not playing games
bitch onna you shouldn't know what I
like uh hmm I was just kidding like
that's what does a flavor like me you
might want to use the other car cuz the
other one got declined earlier if
sometimes it does Lux watch that's the
same car their client ago fuck is taking
her baby yeah you keep lying and telling
people that your identities getting
stolen is just you being broke gone
again ok ok don't step on my trash bitch
watch watch you feed there you need to
remove this plastic ah the personal
things baby he hits me stepping on a
shit I love the sweet Oh
sound of
oh gosh he's gonna contact me like when
we love that from you think you could do
another one this time but like we still
won't pay here that was the same exact
card that I have that got declined
earlier I don't know like some places
don't accept fun places don't accept it
yeah some places don't accept money that
doesn't exist just don't take back money
you know the song goes on your Moses you
come up with something else you some
cigarettes Jesse it's a big array to
help me through need an axe and
cigarettes I did from my daddy yeah
that's good kind of ring to you and try
to be in this movie though for real
we need the IMDB credit they have to put
us in there I'm DVRing as we drove by in
butter heads up oh my god bitch oh I
know what they're filming and ain't no
movie bitches The Biggest Loser
beautiful minute Disney's X Games what
does e channel has like these Disney X
Games where they have all the Disney
Channel characters nearly weight for
real like the Olympics but it's not for
Disney Channel Peethas on a bed right
now where he acid via basket it ok
basket Aryan I don't need a dildo in a
pepper talk maybe she'll it she's
singing into a dildo I can't baby uhlig
I'm a pescetarian they brought in a
potato baby can't smoke who can't do
what
it's come but I won't forget funny
pictures me oh okay let's get this shit
started
I'm trying to be he's I feel like I
should be yeah don't take ease Oh babies
looks like okay now the funniest part
was when Ronnie was dancing with that
blonde girl like her voice only said
that like there would be drawn I
actually grew up to be Angelina Gabby
grew up to be Angelina god I'm so tired
hey we're just trying to enjoy these
fucking pictures like how keep picking
that it's literally a saber then why'd
it look like a person
I wasn't even reading it I was looking
at the picture like out oh my god that
is amazing the mos Masters and smile oh
yeah this is another grandma like she
actually goes up and said have you seen
this oh oh my god Mary what I don't see
any gravy parities
no this please someone told me
you have to click the tab in the right
corner it will delete picture hurry up
it's not working I'm on my phone guy
just delete my facebook Barry alright
guys thanks for watching make sure to
LIKE this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to my channel if you want to
see more stuff for me and all my friends
anything else a laser
oh not clever enough
you
ah boy though yeah what am I gonna do
I'm just as beer by myself you can't
just rely on us for everything
Oh
