Wow
I know what we use for this David an
animal abuser I'm gonna knock this bad
boy down my tennis racket am I crazy sir
let's remember the fact that you used to
play tennis oh that's not really fair
I'm glad I got one more shot let's try
it right here what do you have to say
for yourself
let me guess my name Jeff cuz that's all
you have ever let's make you bet I bet
you can't get that ball from wicked I
bet you can't make that ball from your
seat into that pool filter right there
all the way right there
$100 if I miss I have to give you
hundred and if I make it you give me
honor no I don't think it's very good to
get me you don't give me 100 do you miss
that you have to buy me lunch or
something okay you cheatin already we're
that where to go no oh it's hiding all
right this little pool filter got to
make that in there okay hundred dollars
hundred dollars if you miss you owe me a
Celsius value that 350 a bottle ready
yeah
Oh me Celsius bitch Isaiah what happened
all right
so we have 15,000 flies flying around us
and you literally see them going across
the screen as you're saying it you just
fell into this little crevice or you and
I'm just squishing them right now if you
ready I don't want them to fly out did
you squeeze hard
yeah I'm squeezing hard Grey's are
really hard all right let's see you
think you got him oh yeah yeah bitch
dawn hi y'all muhfuckas feel how does
shit take whoa watch it bitch baa I
gotta go it's too damn hot out here
oh where are you going what I'm sorry
where you going going inside to touch
all my friends we up to who Scott ain't
here toddies working
God knows where Ellen is what you gonna
do bitch I'm crazy okay what the fuck's
that mean I got all my friends right
over here all of us is fake your shit so
just imagine your fake-ass friends in
your head I don't know what you talking
about I guess for a save you tell me
that they're imaginary
killing bandicam Oh what are you doing
this friend everywhere now you don't
leave them Kalina beat them all oh I
want you would you pay me to snort a
line of is that no please 25 just do it
Oh ha ha just get me sorry that I don't
know
yeah no just do it go woman I'm gonna
hold on you have a straw no dog Oh
give me the photo yeah 500 won what the
why'd you put in your pocket baby no I
go Escobar who I feel oh my god oh my
god hey there fuck ah
oh I feel like that has never crossed
anybody's mind to snort a line of air
there's a lot more where that came from
which when you're moving it is free hey
get to 26 are you doing good killing on
the street not a sit like the 20 like
the 20 oh I don't have any dude we don't
do drugs remember oh yeah fucking baby
we'll sell them by the oh oh through the
rib time I wanna be your left hand man
that a brownie oh really say okay have
you ever heard of the ABC game is it
where you say it's like an improv game
yeah another I've never heard of it okay
well I'm not gonna even explain it I
think we should just start playing okay
give me your hand a little bit clammy
gonna be one hand here are you gonna put
your dick in my hand why am I so close
what I'm gonna do is you're gonna okay
so there's no point of the game you want
me to hold your thumb I just want to be
tops every letter that you say ABCD you
have to come up with a word for it so a
Applebee ice and you have to go from A
through Z while I sit here and I just
scratch your hand okay and go alphabet
baby cat dumb India just here you just
stop terrorist umbrella sorry that's
what I see brah did I leave something
out oh I'm not gonna hit her like it was
starting to get numb when you were doing
okay I think I need nails I don't have
no that's probably why I didn't happen
by the end of that game you're supposed
to be leading you don't feel it though
it's very nothing like her really I was
gonna tell you to stop
if the alphabet was like ten letters
longer I would have to start crying
apparently there's a kid that's died
because of that game because up here Lee
I thought it would be fun I mean there's
no way you're gonna die but I just
thought it'd be fun to play
can you stain right there for a quick
bit that's that's perfect if I did this
- oh my gosh Allah we goes out to holla
how do you say that
ha ha ha sorry I mean your Arabic so I
can get over alright guys thanks for
watching make sure to LIKE this video if
you enjoyed it and subscribe to this
channel if you want to see more stuff
for me and all my
again I'm not doing it again each other
like this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to my channel if you want to
see more stuff for me and all my friends
like now if there was no direction
during this at all you know it's only
over if you wanted to be old like when
I'm doing advice I say anything else to
add because I'm like calling her to
action you know I mean like I'm getting
her to respond to my question but
there's guy I mean I have a call to
action already my name
I just got one bid so you close your
finger on it
yes like this I went to grab my leg hair
like just a scratch and I pinched it and
I was like oh my god looking a bit
caught bus to be blue
