have you seen the Newton struggled it
what's it today it's like every parent's
dream what is it go to your Instagram
you can't see Matt's abs good enough so
now you have to zoom it zoom it and do
it what is it it's a good up
holy cow it's good up it's a good update
you can see every aspect is ABS a good
hobby yeah yeah I was karaoke was fun
okay I had a good night would you do ice
cream and I watched what was I watching
and you're walking Breaking Bad I was
watching Breaking Bad I watched Breaking
Bad I had a dream that last night it was
about a show but it wasn't Breaking Bad
which is weird because I was watching
Breaking Bad it was Game of Thrones oh I
was actually hanging out with the cast
of Game of Thrones senior dream were
they cool in magic there they were
pretty cool didn't know you know they
didn't they I don't even think they
really liked me in the dream I think it
was just mainly just me trying to be
their friend entire time and it just
never worked I would leave everybody in
this house for them like if they walked
through this game they're like hey
there's a chance you might be our friend
Commodores chance my viewers a friend we
might like you but there's there's a
very small chance like 5% you would
still I would pack my bags and I would
get out of here
that's cool I get it skate with those
whatever I just think it's fucked up you
don't know how long though forever
I mean it anywhere however long however
long what hey he ain't no real friend
you know why else you ain't a real
friend what remember when I was in the
phone my credit card company mm-hmm you
remember what you said right before I
hung up no you remember what you said I
can't I said it's activated a stolen car
did they do something about it so my
card wasn't working for like three days
and I called Naz like hey I don't know
what's going on like I just activated my
card it's not working and they were like
oh let me check your account out and
then the lady was like sir you do know
we record every single call right oh no
yes she was like well um somebody in the
background was saying that it's a stolen
card and they can't believe it's been
activated and that lady that where you
were talking to she news a joke her job
she had to do something about it even if
she knew as a joke yes ooh she heard
that she was just like who they gonna
hate me I'm sitting there going out
trying to buy shit and I'm just like
maybe what is going on and she feels so
bad for you she texted you like person
she's like I'm so sorry babe I to
decline your car because one of y'all
dumb ass friends says something stupid
and I couldn't do anything about it lady
is just like yeah I really can't do that
we take fraud very seriously
oh it sucks as we were playing around
the entire time are you doing Alex look
like he's talking to some girl he's
smiling I've never seen are you talking
to Alex get out it's your girlfriend is
your girlfriend
let's talk to Alec did you want to
introduce her to us can we talk to it
what's your name oh look I'll call you
back good come on dude get to it
oh hey sorry oh my scar you broke his
phone that was gonna be there because
you know you broke a skill group is for
you you grabbed it out of net I didn't -
sorry you're sorry he's sorry I'm sorry
that Scott broke your phone he broke
your phone I don't care who
my phone wanted he was buy me a new
iPhone he is broke did you break it fine
I'll be the bigger adult here I'll buy
you a new I thought I broke your phone
I'm sorry alright when you give me my
new iPhone
whenever he has the money and get it
when you have the money or he has Levi I
need oh oh hey I'll buy I'll buy it I
told you get by the iPhone by the iPhone
need to get it first thing in the
morning where you get it from the
closest Apple stored the closes happen
yeah we're going to San Francisco why
are we going to watch this Union Square
pretty cool so what the hell's in Union
Square what we know so far
yeah there's pigeons right now as you
like pigeon island pigeons but why would
we go to San Francisco's you like pigeon
student no we're not going to San
Francisco no one's going to say we're
not going to San Francisco absolutely
not we're going to San Francisco we're
not going to San Francisco no we're
going to San Francisco we're not going
to San Francisco
we came all the way here for him to get
a new iPhone in San Francisco I'm
feeling judged right now Sam it's kind
of ridiculous that you just crushed the
way out here for look at the line we're
gonna wait in that line for you to get
any Lachlan yeah you I'm gonna go to the
restaurant down the street so you want
us to get your phone while you sit down
yeah you put all the way out here for
you you busted mine so yeah you're gonna
wait in line for my phone and why am I
here look at you man you're out here in
San Francisco you're gonna see
everything you got to see got your new
phone we got your new phone right you're
hopping out we came all the way to San
Francisco for my new phone how do you
like it I it's a phone so baby is just a
phone we went all the way out to San
Francisco for that specific phone from
that specific story what do you mean
it's a great phone I guess yeah and you
don't look like you love it too much
because you didn't have a case on it
well I it's gonna be fine if I you know
keep it with me
so how do you just say the hell away all
right give me the kiss all right this
case right here works wonders so let me
get your phone we put this case on it
because me and Scott we're gonna break
it again you planned on breaking my
phone again oh yeah after we came here
so just give me your phone
I'm not giving it just give me your
phone no I'm not kidding me my phone why
didn't you give me the phone just give
me just get it's not giving just kids
ain't Alex just give me the phone I'll
give it to no here here take it take it
from you buddy what did you say Joe Joe
Joe look look look look okay
it's fine it's fine why would you ever
do that to anybody that's not funny
would you ever do that anybody else's
phone oh yeah oh you would you know
someone right now we can Hey ladies
ladies today we're gonna talk about
trust very important to have to make all
right well I'm here what's gone Alex and
we're gonna discuss today about trust
are you willing to let me the first
question is are you willing to just love
it would you trust her with your credit
card all day
if you had to listen to one song for the
rest of your life would you trust this
guy to choose it
I mean hey guys since you answer that
question
you guys get a free case both of you but
in order to get this free case you have
to let us drop with the case unit are
you willing to do that now will you
trust me when I tell you that nothing
will happen your phone if I put this
case on and give it to Zane and let them
throw it on the ground
mmm nothing son good now I wonder what
the heck 21 case on I'm not a very
violent person so I'm gonna give it to
Alice we were doing this to his phone
earlier so it's fine
yes it's fine oh it's all good
yeah guess what I get to keep that case
thank you yeah it's all yours all right
guys thanks for watching make sure to
LIKE this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to my channel if you want to
see more stuff for me and all my friend
Alex but we're just doing Zane's outro
are you calling us from your new iPhone
7 are you enjoying it you got an iPhone
7 from San Francisco right what do you
mean we went all the way to San
Francisco for your iPhone 7 that's what
you wanted please hang up hey wait don't
do that yet she just keeps one first and
now go what the hell was that
Oh
