you got that right huh you got that I
don't have money yeah welcome to the
good hotel are you good where you get a
water that's right water good enough to
drink Arrowhead that's coming from
fucking here at boss headquarters the
boss
welcome to good hotel where we have
Google tell Haylee just say there's a
hotel room it's this best hotel Live
Love Laugh apartness Janet you feed the
hummingbird feeder yes they trust still
they try stealing my identity trying to
steal all my money
oh it's ok but they thought I had a lot
of money but I didn't so they was
probably really bummed out and I'm sorry
you bitch got bills so many people out
here in LA trying to steal my identity
it's happening everywhere sweetie I do
so much Potidaea time I'm scared II put
money on a free play on trying to take a
break on me and it's not right uh-huh
it is not break time baby we need to get
this exactly we need to get this shit
done now it's been 2 months since I've
had this fucking card imma spend all 150
dollars baby we go here in and out ok
baby yeah baby what's y'all Instagram I
can't believe she's just activated a
stolen card he's stupid you
only you know what I'm saying good
drinks here hold up ice right here thank
you baby she he go sleepy hahaha yeah I
got busy what baby I'm really sorry
I have that I'm a diarrhea like you
wouldn't imagine no no where you gonna
love it I have a diarrhea attack this is
our little problem okay there's this one
little bitch that work here tree mama
fuck waitress with disrespect and we
don't take that shit over there
uh-uh it's something wrong did she do
something to you oh okay bitch or is
your bonnet to fucking fight your bonnet
must be too fucking tight because there
was no reason to be disrespecting my
baby like if I get caught up baby what
she disrespecting you Oh on leakage
ain't packing your own lunch for
tomorrow
oh it's hilarious bitch I'm on a budget
every motherfucker um every month on Fri
every mother fuck onion you are this oh
no I'm good that was a really Ruby's
mother see if I don't hate that bitch in
a mountain she walked right by you and
just breathe this road really are in our
United States of America you don't just
come on breathe next is a lot to make me
so my mother fuck breakfast that I
bought shit hold up cut the camera ooh
this niggas in there no huh yeah try me
bitch April Fool's bitch your bigoted
bigoted vanity it's okay
well what are you over over you okay
then go go to your room man you're
grounded
see you go to your room I can't go away
you
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure to LIKE this video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to my channel or see
more stuff for me and all my friends
whoa dude what why are we short there's
not words cuz everyone walks in on your
neck so I prepared for it I can't shower
a negative where can you to us all
we
you
