all right he died this is the big test
this is goodbye oh look at it go no
that's my sister
so I want to talk about this before it
gets like really old this happened a
long time ago he went to Vegas the cab
driver that picked us up from the
airport you guys enjoyed her I hated it
whoever falls me on snapchat you guys
probably saw a glimpse of the lady that
was driving me karlie man this lady from
the stars soon as the guy goes right
number 11 we go to love it I was like
you got the pre is you get a save my
love just yells I mean I'm just like
weird Eastern European accent like hello
wait wait oh you hit her birthday every
happy birthday mother and father no way
she was I feels like she did eight lines
before the years up we just get into the
car
and I swear a moment she accelerates is
like we just shot into the air in a
rocketship she like drove like it was
faster than furious she was like oh you
want to go liquor store the hotel but
she like insisted that she stopped at a
liquor store first and we're just like
okay if you if you want I have so got to
go
she probably almost hey nine cars we
were going to die so worried that I took
a photo of her like registration for the
tax well I was like I'm not sure if like
one this is a real taxi driver into we
may be a former criminal okay so I'm
gonna play these snaps that I have saved
right now
ladies this accent is just so happy to
remember any of her story lean Lafarge
just like all you know I used to be a
magician like I live here with my old
husband I was so worried I thought we
were gonna have to be in court it's like
six bull she was huge look up this is
like something you'd see on Twitter yes
like its kind of reviews on Yelp was
like beware of Giggy Lafarge the
scariest taxi driver I've ever had the
misfortune of meeting and of course
she's just like me uh do not buy your
Grey Goose - no we're even oh so bad
sorry like I got her the Gray Goose oh
she wouldn't get mad everything what was
the stories that she was telling he's
probably talking about other customers
that she I driven before and she's just
like stupid was locked in my car
you got that bottle hey she was a
magician as well I was like I want to
see that magic but she's like hey we're
dropping your diet the airport is going
to Canada you know where I'm going with
this right I hope your flights applause
three blocks of cheese I hope they don't
think that's something else I'm not
coming inside hey die this is our
goodbye I feel like I'm filming for the
Kardashians so this is our little Arabs
first flame why should we practice on
both questions they may ask you in TSA
hijazi ID need to fight Canada
you don't celebrate Christmas are you
planning on sneaking any drugs on a
friend what's your part you can't come
back she won't get randomly selected for
having cheese on her suitcase the cheese
phrase oh no they're blocks of cheese
onions oh when it goes through the skin
you're just gonna see three big circles
no question and you put the numbers you
put like the little circles the numbers
you know what Bobo said about common
sense wise I don't say that word loud
we're in the aerbook you don't oh wow
I'm surprised
once again a man you've lost your bags
been sitting there for a good amount of
time a little suspicious don't think you
don't know don't leave a bag why would
you pick up some random strangers right
you pick it up if it was outside of
their work
yes that's your password doesn't work
when they find something suspicious of
you know finding suspicious if you keep
talking like Zane I would meet for that
woman he was like you're gonna find
Steven if you didn't tell them they
wouldn't know run back through machines
are gonna see that gene
all right he died this is the big test
this is goodbye
all right time to say peace out to the
vlogs oh look at it go
okay I'll have two spoons of protocol
piece by the way this is a brown sugar
that we were talking on the last video
where's the Buddha goal that I have put
it you're asking what these lentils were
actually this is brown sugar crystallize
and then this is the Mughal okay so
there's been a problem my last video I
get Hidayah a laptop she can start her
own YouTube channel right now there's no
tolerance when it comes just get her
karma I'll be able to get one soon but
for now
mm-hmm hey die you can't make a channel
yep like school and make drawing our
YouTube channel when it might look like
exactly I doesn't know this yet because
he just told us earlier today so we have
to call her and give her the news in
right now
yeah Ayodhya
are you doing are you able to get to
Canada safely did you get stopped it off
imagine diving stop the TSA and hold up
everybody only got three big blocks of I
see you're on your new Mac right are you
on your phone or your Mac how do you
like the new laptop
yeah edited any videos have you found
anything yet what did you edit them
already how that's right now yeah hmm
that's a shame we have some news we have
some good news and we have some bad news
which one do you want to hear first
okay hidaya I we want you to breathe
okay
do you know how to breathe okay where
you need to learn to breathe because
we're about to tell you something Bubba
called us this morning and Bubba watches
the videos do you remember some of the
things that you said on the video that
maybe I should I listen but as you know
what content is content baby we cannot
delete anything that's juicy you want to
make it guess on which part Bubba saw
bingo Alba said that because you don't
have the best grade that you can't make
it you to to know what your grades are I
found out this morning when you edit the
video tell me this morning so it's not
really it's not really my fault but I
did hey I was on your side though I did
tell another maybe to general and then
when he told me that I cam you to Jim
said she has good grades on Mike you
know but like I understand yeah
I can't fight with Bubba on this like
you have to have good grades we all had
to get good grades you know B is for bad
these four don't come home C's for see
you later B's for bad days all right
trust me I was on your side for this one
want to hear the good news
now you get to be on my channel so on
now what have you learned in this
conversation how are you gonna change
sorry to give you the news a tie but
everybody say bye honey what do you mean
a dial okay what does that mean mama has
to be arrow taxes go down so the Roman
are you alright guys thanks for watching
make sure to LIKE this video if you
enjoyed it subscribe to my channel if
you want to see more stuff for me non my
friend Sheldon we go so Rebecca thank
you so much for keeping up with all
myself and watching all my videos I
really appreciate it and I if I were you
I'd get those grades up quick because
somebody's about a cereal spotlight
right Aaliyah
except you got it covered and you've
been thinking about leaving and so I
know what's the truth I just don't want
to believe cuz it's the holiday season
it makes the cuddle ooh you know what I
do appreciate you that stand up a little
bit look at that jacket Wow make sure
you get off a dry taco sighs Zane and
get yourself a jacket like the scripts
