what are you guys doing why are you
annoyed we're literally mom are sitting
out like are my people just safer oh my
god all right update on the new tattoo
it completely came off the shitless
pretty it's literally just a scar a
little looks like bubblegum
it's seriously a scarf over your mat it
there's literally no ink in it update on
my roommates he's tattoos coming in real
nicely and Scott has for us the tips you
look like you're supposed to be in like
in sync when did you get that done it's
when my hair was dyed blond I had her
diet back to my normal color and then it
like faded out over time
oh I was gonna say that ask you have to
be like oh like faking it we won three
go swallow it
oh my god how is it right now it's a
starter set on a crab it kind of yellow
that's alright it's getting so red oh my
god oh you sold out loud so um Brendan's
at my house so I I thought we thought we
could do something just doing your best
at hey so you're in my world baby girl
don't don't worry about the haters
because you're beautiful
I love you you know that I think about
you all my kisses on your neck want to
make sure I say sweet dreams a good
morning everyone
oh I did yeah no where's your phone
honey turn on the lights on the ball on
this wall we're not on that side
thankfully give me my ball where's your
phone get it on the chair you're sitting
next a flea and daughters happy you need
my phone who's your foot oh there it is
we gotta go
please can we unplug it over your
laughing so I think you're joking with
me why does it look like a mess and
you're will happen in here the switch
the lights are over there on that side a
night corner right here where oh no no
those lights if someone's in here if
someone's in here turn on a light
switch the lights on and off enough oh
my bad she did like Aaron comes on bacon
yeah
Harley wasn't in the park again she came
in like running cuz she hurt us all
screaming I came in hot with her phone
she's like what's happening and I was
like the lights keep going on and off
this was shot I go sit Patricia because
I always see her in all my stuff and she
keeps up with me and supports me and I
appreciate that thank you that's why
you're on your staff yeah go through
your drawers and your captain gets in
your house where's your shop you're in
the next shot okay all right guys thanks
for watching make sure to LIKE this
video if you enjoyed it and subscribe to
my channel if you want to see more stuff
for me and all my friends like david
dobrik you that's me guys oh why don't
we just
I thought worried I thought we're doing
the chase the cheese whatever didn't cut
to the chase okay we can still do that
no you have to be saying like a bunch of
other stuff I'm gonna do can you just
cut to the chase and get to the address
all right dude let's just cut to the
chase no I'm saying that you can say I
don't care but then like I'm not saying
hey okay that's one
okay I got alright guys thanks for
watching make sure to LIKE this video if
you enjoyed it and subscribe to my
channel if you want to see more stuff
from me and all my friends do like David
over here can you just chill and just
cut to the chase I'm at Chase Bank look
Oh Stan yeah
