what an annoying dance you're gonna pop
it am I in splashes oh no we're good
it's gonna squirt if it hits the camera
oh oh oh my god gah get it all get it
all oh oh yeah that's infection oh baby
that's a worm that's just moving baby
that's just alive i'ma call it Sparky
literally like a bug throw up I'm call
fuck I'll fucking knock you out are you
for real right now
alright so we have a problem we decided
to leave our house today yeah that's the
problem for the first time in a long
time
and we can't even bring chips inside
he's gonna hide it under his hat and
sneak in a bag of potato chips but not
in the bag it's gonna just be the chick
sir can you lift your hat please oh god
this isn't even funny
I think we're just delirious we're just
tired tired and hungry I I for spirit of
RA dude we're the only ones not dressed
in anything close to what these people
the other teams colors this is what we
get for being dropouts yeah this is
great
I see Randy's donut that's the Boozer
it's low I'm doing it not even the
action we just went to this football
game just for content okay so just
please bear with us please think we
actually like football oh dude we're
gonna look like we're like Bobo just
just yeah
just just wait what the fuck's going on
I went into that the red part at the end
and then now there's points on the
scoreboard we shit it happened do you
know more than I thought uh you know I I
football once or twice oh baby you are
so overdramatic no baby no we do it this
shit every week come on oh no big let's
go we'll get food we'll get food you
don't have to do stop boom this is more
than a thousand stakes a gun so we're
gonna attempt to put all of that I don't
have any concept of like it 20 is gonna
be a lot or like 79 you're like 100 like
I have no idea I have a feeling that 10
is gonna be way too much the two pieces
that I'm like this is a lot I'm not
worried about opening all these packages
it's really long term effects of chewing
gum all the time how do we know how much
guns is in here oh shit I wasn't even
thank you
oh oh
how about doing almost done it's sour
and uncomfortable Carly
I mean of diarrheal already Irie try to
keep count of how much you're eating -
you have three yeah three how much you
have Scott for what do you laugh my jaw
hurt oh please don't wake me give you
the most my jaw
I feel funny until oh my god I was well
I'm done I'm going white hope
oh good I don't know that I'm out 100
and some on guys hmm it looks like he's
in 300 right now
you what 30 mommy do you have 46 my
morning's do you ever get hurts right
here yeah hurry into Jesus a you have
the rest of this to you so you it was
like a lift no go like how do you feel
not just oh my god this is not any more
sugar than like a soda
hmm even looks like a organs coming out
of your mouth feels like your stomach
oh hey what is it
hey nobody's gonna vomit all over a
table Oh Carly Todd forgot crispy
I feel like I'm holding a retainer that
won't hold marble golf balls I'm a
stripper
then you can start it's okay
oh you can stop but I'm trying to prove
Thane this isn't gonna make your daddy
love you you don't need to do this buddy
oh they're too much in your mouth to aim
the camera in your face yeah you did
this to yourself
you sound like a pig an actual Pig no AO
Zane that looks like an organ because
from you want a little under a big one
I'll give you a big one you this
literally losing an organ coming out of
your mouth
hey I touch it again look like I'm
feeding a monster like you just crawled
out of LA River fuck I make a monster
that's beautiful beer dusk if you
labarda for me just saw my leg you wake
up the morning all day scary very scary
episode of man vs. gum and then it's our
furniture alright guys thanks for
watching make sure to LIKE this video if
you enjoyed it and subscribe to our
channel if you want to see more stuff
for me and all my friends and also or
challenges cuz I'm gonna start doing all
that type of shit - oh if you guys want
I do post stuff on my Instagram and
Twitter ads Aine if you guys want to
keep updated on everything that I do
that's not on YouTube and this is the
part where I'm gonna audio in a song
that's slowly gonna hit a certain beat
because I have nothing else to say
Kabam
I'm on Sunday morning I ain't gotta work
last night's show so a lot of mergers
that bitch in my bed so I ain't got a
jerk Forbes list taught me so it's hard
to me
