all right what we're doing right now is
we're going to put rubber bands over
this watermelon and see if it explodes
end up advisor fixed
alright so Carly's at my house right now
I told her to be on my husband 3:45 but
she showed up at 3:00 I don't know why
she thinks I'm at the gym right now she
thinks I just got there and now she's
just waiting at my house so I decided to
come 45 minutes early to make her
believe that there's actually goes right
now with her in the house and I parked
down the street so she doesn't see that
I'm here
so that knock definitely caught her
attention I'm gonna go through Scott's
backdoor because his bedroom is the one
that's like kind of haunted I'm gonna go
to his bedroom door and just slam it and
run back out and see how she reacts
all right so this is the broom that's
scared the shit out of everybody in
Davis vlogs hey what's up greeting you
coming back in the gym now what's up Oh
what no Bonnie I'm on my way home so if
you want to leave that's fine but I'll
be home in literally like five minutes
oh it's right there okay
sorry I'm just feel most on your
everybody
I felt like okay I feel like you're
probably 50% dude that I was fuckin to
do like a Blair Witch the search of the
three missing Montgomery College
students continues in Frederick County
tonight we have a few leads here the
options we want to take advantage over
just try to I mean now you know that
there's not actually ghosts in the house
it's just one of us now we have you
another scary thing we're gonna blow up
a watermelon he's gonna make my heart
palpitates eight times together honestly
saying what you did was very fucked up
and that is not how one hunty treats
another honey so I saw a few videos on
it one of them being Rachel Bollinger's
and some other people they did this
watermelon explosion thing so I decided
why not also get a watermelon and blow
it up content you want to blow up a
watermelon David no but you're gonna
make me do it
I'm excited if you throw in the pool and
get you event yeah what a me dude I blow
up 1,400 pounds pot oh let me have my
moment
David does tables and told him what we
were doing and they were like I have the
perfect rubber band through that I put
the first one on it explodes
alright put it on like you're putting on
a condom me trying to do anything in
life so Zane is gonna do it Danny's R or
R is so yeah I think as hell
watermelon think why is this a thing
like food not a buddy rubber bands like
watermelon and I feel so sad for America
honestly this looks intense like we call
much it's squeezing in a rose and put
four you don't know how many this is I'm
thinking maybe candy so these are like
apply I'm in a lot of restaurants are
applying pressure to a smaller point so
all the small ones aren't like one
area than you since when we resigned
yeah like signing if I hide you god I
just wish it look like I was the winged
thing why do you think I'm gonna capture
it's gonna be like um okay oh my god
just blah I feel like we're on Grey's
Anatomy right now I need 37,000 Oh
rubber band guys after the water bottle
explodes we're gonna film that's really
me when I try to wear skinny jeans
oh my god it's juicing is it where oh my
god is completely Beth it's literally
the same size yeah just make sure if
you're trying to run away just back up
and just keep on I'll try my landlord
just watchin except better not blow up I
walk this is the lamest crack ever Oh
looks so funny that looks like a fucking
ninja turtle and that teeth Oh beautiful
picture of a watermelon
they have you ever seen it yet like that
no it looks like it's crying oh my god
that smells hell like this we gotta move
yeah hey guys thanks for watching do it
over hey guys thanks for watching make
sure to LIKE this video if you enjoyed
it
Scott put your phone on silent thanks
for watching make sure to LIKE this
video if you enjoyed it and subscribe to
my channel if you want to see more stuff
from me and I'm Matt and if you didn't
like it then you should find stuff that
you probably should like because
sometimes what you like is not the same
as what other people like and if you
don't like it then you should probably
change your mind about stuff that you
like well Keith is back in town off of
me baby yeah but I actually have to
leave now are you serious actually dude
I'm only here for couple hours I got a
roll so I be back in a week I sorry I
always leave you okay just go gotta go I
love you okay alright so there goes here
again I do hit a busy
yes on my pedal you won't bring me down
there you go I got you a smoothie and he
is forgiven
