whoa girl I wish that I was dead
no baby you're a Walmart same goddamn
thing yo grandma I want halo for
Christmas
yes sir homie all right he's wearing a
tie-dye shirt tucked in I've never seen
this in my entire life
automatic disqualification
yeah maybe little here and now hey why
do we do the things we do look like an
ad nobody will ever take me seriously I
don't want to baby the D and there's a
bump on I know I know
yeah I know it's funny yeah
huh keep laughing show your dumb ass
cartoon Oh your dumb ass tattoo you got
no lo they spell Jim wrong oh my god oh
my god
Oh No somebody said no like I can't even
say send help anymore is it how bad this
looks
they actually need help you oh you know
he stole two wrong I just want to lay
down a favor
is there anything else you want me to
take off my life Oh huh I just really
looked at my dad I just
this is a buddy sounds like it's a good
value
oh this is
hi baby - baby listen it's okay hey man
it could be where I seek a look like
Elton and have the pleasure so your
whole dry ice addiction plan didn't work
out as well as you thought it would
didn't it yeah actually kinda get you
guys if I said nope and now we get to
stay at our house when I put 10,000
positive Drive that's what might have
extra prize phase one though so get
people going well no bulldozers knocking
down your guys have so much dry ice that
you're gonna have to throw the pool in
the dryer you want to see my new tattoo
you have you got there yeah where I put
it with my list of other dumb tattoos
let me say only good wait what I only
thought you have promoter Jim B please
GB that's employ it's a mistake it's a
mistake
all these have mistake even the person
that wrote up in a question mind you say
you're still worried is this still from
last night it's 5:00 p.m. you can switch
it to like a regular t-shirt oh that is
so disgusting
life is too short to be changing the
same blog yeah life is you guys this is
mouth no your dentist with love your
vlogs oh and all right so you've seen
the tattoos in the aftermath of getting
tattoos but if you'd like to see how it
happened then check out Elton and heats
channel their video will be up tomorrow
and if you're watching this video any
other day Ben today that I posted it the
link is going to be in the description
make sure to LIKE this video if you
enjoyed it and subscribe to my channel
if you want to see more stuff from me
and all my friends shout out the week
goes to my girl Harley Smith up after
you Harley spend anything else a did
know
