my god this is everywhere eat up our
food unacceptable and you live like this
day and I pay rent you're not paying
utilities how do you think this is
survive this crisis drama through here a
potato famine here yep in boom death how
are we doing I got something to say so
when I kill all these ends I let some of
them go so they get told her other end
friends see you know do not come to the
sink cuz ain't kills them all but these
little ass bitches keep coming back to
let them know there's been like weird
ghost encounters that's happened in my
house and she's I don't know if you've
experienced any have you ever rode the
broom okay the proof was that a real
thing or was that just like a joke
I thought it was real to that broom
stopped halfway anyways there's been a
lot of ghost encounters in our house and
I just experienced one just two three
days ago and I got it on my you now
and I'm gonna show it to you I'm gonna
explain to you what happened ten minutes
before I saw this Scottie gets a phone
call from a number 666 666 666 666
to long than you escapes you you don't
remember anything your face Oh what the
fuck dude I literally just saw a figure
walk in front of me and I'm like yeah as
soon as a habit like one like bro it was
it was a black shadow right after they
saw my face go like that they started
saying goes so hold on hold on okay go
back no no I saw cursing came over a
little bit after this and I want to show
you my reaction is I didn't know what
was happening behind me all right
bullshit okay so for the new viewers
that just came on here difficult than
the hairy cat and they go like this
alright so I'm gonna tell you a couple
things that's happening in our house
okay I do know about a lot of these but
I want to discuss them at length as your
medium sure the first one was the broom
when we were all in the house Gaby comes
out of the bathroom screaming but it was
only a joke guy was like I saw something
the bathroom David we're going let's go
we're giving me a hard time about my
ghost experience in Miami because that
was after I posted that video and you
guys were saying you didn't believe me
so Gaby was just fucking around she
comes out screaming so we're all like
okay let's experience this goes for
ourselves like David grab your camera
all of us go into Scotty's room and
we're just in there were fucking around
just for his vlog to me like being
dragged into the closet just as a joke
but then we walked outside we walked
into a hallway everybody's like making
fun of me because I screamed
hysterically yeah terrified and then the
room so he puts the brew on the floor
was like if there's any spirits please
show yourself and the broom doesn't move
and he pushes it stops halfway ball
falls like someone stopped it or grabbed
it as was falling and then just dropped
it screaming another instance was
Kristen was in the bathroom Skye's
girlfriend Mia Scottie were in the
living room we were watching TV and all
of a sudden we hear her screaming and
Scottie gets on a run to the bathroom
Kristen is almost in tears Kristen was
like Scottie you ran behind me while I
was getting ready ran into the closet
I heard you I felt someone run behind me
imagine just believing yourself that
someone ran behind you into the closet
and you walk in there and nobody's there
did you hear about Todd's story but the
figure in his not good figure in his
butter everybody comes in with our ghost
stories cuz I know that I can alleviate
this beauty I was watching TV in the
living room it was like 3:00 in the
morning
so Todd he gets out of the room really
slowly opens it walks far enough where
he can see me he turns to me he's like
dude there's someone in my room I'm like
what are you talking like there's
someone on my bed if you were there at
the moment it was a scariest thing I've
I got of everybody stories Todd he
scared me the most this was 3:30 in the
morning he didn't think anybody was up
and he walked out of this room
like he just saw Ganga a ghost we walked
in this room for a little lightning and
I'm like to see there's nothing in here
and I was like dude there was someone
hovering over me in my bed maybe
watch to you and they might follow you
to the new place oh yes age I did I
wonder if I still have it and we're
gonna get back throw it away when I lose
you enclose this Sh so after they were
talking about that somebody had
screenshot a YouTube video of a girl
hauling her friends from the number six
six six six six six six six six six
willing the original video of the girl
doing the initial prank calls in the
description below so you can check out
her first video she was actually really
funny alright so we went on the website
that that girl was on and it's a really
sketchy website those names going to
call me and I'm going to answer and this
is what Zane's voice is gonna sound like
from this number
Suzy see it says six six six six six or
whatever hello who is this you sound
like someone I actually know way to keep
talking yeah it's really weird you'll
hear it when you listen to this footage
right so basically we're gonna use that
I'm prank call people okay who's your
first victim I mean I guess we should
start with scotch to see the answers
again I read oh let's try Carly
ha hello Carly dad sure call her back
she'll get freak the fuck out by it
Shelley's answered though we're on a
good roll here or at least the only one
that I told about Gotti getting that
phone call from 6 6 6 8 and immediately
she texted me and Scott saying it's now
my look wait am I in my anniversary this
is a screen shot if we call again she'll
text the chat again you know who would
answer Christine okay hello Christine
Wow
I heard you burn a lot of fucking
bridges here in LA okay do you have
anything that you would like to help me
with you have one last chance Christine
voice changer hello this is my voice my
name is Satan you should probably take
this a little more seriously Christine
five Phaeton woman it's pronounced suit
on but thank you you're laughing at me
you sound nervous yeah I got gonna page
my sins right here's the thing Christine
you did a lot of things before you got
here before you realized who you were
going to be associated with and I'm here
to help pay you back for all those
wrongdoings I would sleep with one eye
open tonight and I just knock mark she
goes hold on wait or we could have them
call themselves carly gets a call from
her own phone number doubt free girl i
Freaker the fuck okay so this is my
phone number disguised as my phone
number calling you yeah shit all right
now you can call yourself or you can put
in Christine's number calling Christine
hello guess who you know she's freaked
out she's laughing she's hot drying off
through you Carly are you scared yet
what are you scared yet now are you sure
ah
hmm well I obviously hacked into your
phone she's freaking out sorry I even
ate it what's up girl
wait what do you mean my accounts are
getting something no Zane had mentioned
that Scott got a call from like a 666
number when we were doing afternoon and
then I got another call heartless like
it said my name oh no I'm sure someone
like on a system I know that big sakes
big thing is like a range service like
you can just do that that's so scary
though I've never heard of somebody
getting a call from themselves
IFS mess I was pranking you that is a
brilliant prank like a little night
every night you know
I wish all right guys thanks for
watching make sure to LIKE this video if
you enjoyed it and you want to see more
pranks and ghost stories and all that
type of shit and subscribe if you want
to see more stuff like what you just saw
but with more me with more Scott by the
way the prank call thing don't encourage
anybody to do that but if you do and I
can't stop you please just be careful
with it don't go too far it is pretty
scary
Turner why Scott Dubai but I always want
to thank you all very very much thank
you for watching
