all right so I just ordered my IKEA
furniture and IKEA builder to build it
because I'm too lazy oh and she's here
someone order and I see a table so hard
to reach my hand out mr. flayman - ooh
look at this long big piece of hard nice
on my oh my god what fuck
oh my god where he's Bionic man
yeah I'll touch right nice to it yes yes
please you know what what get your
camera you know God look he just came to
tattoos tonight that's gonna be it how
much is that tattoo what if we took off
this over here how much is that this
same of the same I'm gonna go somewhere
else sorry baby what better place to get
a tattoo then it going out of business
sale tattooed yeah baby
all right this is really cute why
Cameron and heathyr gayness a - is
because they used to send notes like
this in class yeah it's not shaving out
places worn out faces Little Mermaid
going
one wine up their glasses no expression
no boom we decide that you're gonna put
saran wrap over and then keep it
refrigerated from three day all right
stop with the damn goodbye videos this
is getting a little ridiculous isn't it
look at me
your dad's leaving you got a big
responsibility ahead of you I'm gonna
need you to be the man of the house what
does that consist I don't want Scott
Todd running out gallivanting the
streets while I'm gone I'll give it
before you continue what does galavan
mean gallivanting just going out doing
stupid stuff with your friends hassel
when you use those big words around me I
can never understand listen here boy I'm
gonna need you to hold this down is Tama
we'll just are saying it ready yeah this
time the time will we look at funny
pictures and me know my reasons good
thinking that's good is that good art
though rice literally shit my pants two
nights ago nice to meet ya you and Scott
any out of boobers her car declines and
her bills through ended oz what do you
do I'm only commenting to my girlfriend
all search for a super missus like it's
on Facebook so it's like thousands of
comments so his girlfriend's gonna get a
notification that's Albert commented on
this photo so she's like well what did
he call me Oh remembers where so--but
hey I'll just like bellroy this one so
basically this girl DMS other girl knows
I know this sounds weird but I'm using
you as a catfish so I'm using your
photos is there any cool fish you can
send me selfies with you holding up the
peace sign and she was I'm honestly just
so ugly it's just girls ends are the
selfies and go go get you some nice
things mean Heath like four years ago on
fine doesn't look like
we did a bunny fantasy skinny in the
store you would go there oh my just get
me a little warped or like when is the
how did that conversation happen
recording some mac and cheese like your
friend even work to a surprise that
hasn't happen to your house honestly
she's here did have bare intent
she's you wanted he's here I would have
done the same thing though well that's
scary ain't no way Paula's destination
shows it here I'll play clip for right
now you see the waves bouncing and shit
that is not how long I feel like log to
come out of the talk like that anything
it would just I kind of slide off but it
wouldn't slide off all the way it would
like stop halfway I don't know in my
mind they would fly off and I would get
to capitate it that would happen nah
baby
