they have a homemade lemonade that
tweets every single day look at that
eliminated today
can we sit down she's like our water and
what's your lemonade of the day she goes
what's up coffee bees back holding this
camera and we're about to do a challenge
that's falling I had to do that I saw
other youtubers do this it's the minty
estrange challenge I want to see how
strong we can get this Jesus that car
started backing out baby yeah baby
scared me oh yeah we're at Ross right
now if you don't know what Ralph says
Ralph's is like a grocery stores like
Publix Piggly Wiggly it's a grocery
store yeah they named the grocery store
Piggly Wiggly that's awful where the
groceries not we're gonna pick a bunch
of Amenti and let's see what we can find
Brett saver throw it in the bucket boom
as though it that was in the party yeah
what do we got over here Junior Mints
here delis yep get it boom we got to get
a real gurney with it we ran you know
that super minty alcoholic drink that I
get shots up at the bar don't they make
that with the string it's a shampoo
meant to me Oh baby
like a challenge just remember whatever
we put we got it I just a little bit
tongue strips
what about mint flossers make a pull
pavement zing there it is on the car
they put menthol cigarettes in it
oh my going away deep deep cleanse deep
cleanse anti septic Rumple Minze
it'll do put it down
why are we serving away from what we
need to get but again shit done hog and
does at least let me not get upset what
about Klondike bar
oh so we got
Mentos you're deadly toothpaste Rena
moves baby breath savers were key loss
ice cubes next New York patties out
boyband Oreos candies on the top
we can lady he's gonna be disgusting
that's weird
like watermelon flavored stew beam just
like water and ice somebody got in two
shots of vodka
how do you work this even working
you bought a new one to make sure it
works even put it on
oh my god okay didn't even really want
to do this I just thought it was a fresh
idea you get it you got it no just like
that
don't keep screwing it because it's
gonna unscrew this thing it's not endows
so it's not that's not even in yet stop
me just try it and you're so tough you
are really gone for real this isn't a
magic bullet you can press it there it
is
Junior Mints square you know what let's
get some gum in there huh oh yeah there
it is
oh yeah no not to eat right baby shouts
oh fuck ah that's looking yummy more
gear Nelly probably get a little sick
that's it oh we gotta put a little mr.
greens oh my god what is that I don't
know it smells like it's burning
this burning is burning no it's not it's
on fire it's on fire electric fire
that's bad go outside like an hour the
whole palcohol making me do that I need
water
I need Oreos so heat the Mariah
introduced me to their favorite spot
it's a really good spot so they go there
every time and it's the best food and
they take me onesies
atrocious the other time they go they
get the best service the best food all
has a complete opposite when they took
me who's surprising like everything I
got it became completely wrong
everything was cold homemade lemonade
that tweeted every single day look at
that eliminated the day we sit down
she's like so I was like okay I'll do a
water and what's your lemonade of the
day and she goes like this she goes she
comes and she does not look happy I
swear does she didn't even look like she
worked there she wasn't in the uniform
she wasn't anything you see like she
walks through and just looks yes we're
all looking just like she's just looking
she wants to be here though water and
what's your lemonade of the day she
knows
like oh is that K they're supposed to be
all these ingredients on it three more
ingredients and they were just not there
so same calls her over and he's like so
this was stuff like sour cream and like
hot cheetos lettuce like jalapenos all
that was like she looks and she's like
yeah I mean unless they change the
recipe yeah I mean unless they change
the recipe just like go straight this
bag it gets it used or anything and heat
the more I are in all right now because
they just can't believe that's one by
one everything the avorite place the
service is always awesome to foodies
amazing cheese like it's supposed to eat
ha and you pick up the cheese the crowd
signals you know when you break it apart
that's what it look like when you put
the chip in there you know I was just
giving it in a village I was just like
it-it's like look is will be a bad day
ridiculous just didn't care you guys had
cleaned up the glass to those in her
food she's just like oh yeah no worries
don't seem to think about what we're I
just said he ordered two appetizers and
they brought one appetizer and then a
different one that we didn't order like
this big full the fries sets it down
server is watching this happen the whole
time just watching it go to the table
like some other girl brings it sets it
down and we're like we didn't order
fries and she picks it up she looks at
our server and she goes like this
just put it in the back I'll take care
of it the price is already on her table
what's it like oh maybe it went to the
wrong table
or anything like that she put the order
of fries for herself girl working there
was just like you can do that we kept
hearing different people complained
throughout the entire restaurant but he
sent their food back because it was
wrong look like a hangout like instead
of a brain if you were coming in that
don't look like they work they're just
going behind the register just order
sandwich with no cheese on it and she
goes okay no worries no I brings out
everybody's plate all right the plate
has not been placed on the table yet me
and the server both already know that
there's not supposed to be any to Zoey
how much ma'am I I asked specifically
just you know cheese and she goes you're
not like allergic to cheese or nothing
right no but really this is just
smothered in cheese I like 45 minutes
you know ma'am I don't want to take
another like 45 minutes I'll just eat
this she goes okay all right guys thanks
for watching make sure to LIKE this
video if you enjoyed it and subscribe to
my channel if you want to see more stuff
for me and all my friends shot lead goes
to Elliot thank you so much for keeping
with all my stuff I'm watching all my
videos I really appreciated
oh my god that's the spirit
Thank You spirit first offering the dog
right
