nose aim what are you doing no do not
stress thumb is why close-up people
recommending me to do like a like a swag
boy tutorial video and I like I'm trying
to write down tips and notes and stuff
and I can't get this down on paper I
don't know what to do man literally
never seen you write anything in my life
so you're trying to explain being a swag
boy yeah why don't you just take him
through step by step if you're having a
hard time that's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna take him step by step this is my
tutorial step one look like this
you wake up in the morning and you head
to your closet just think to yourself
what makes me look like I have 50
million followers today share away my
diaper pants I'll shoot it where my
swagboys shit oh you want to dress like
you got 20 million followers you know 10
million no real 10 million our box
what's the age demographic you got to
meet that age how old are they are they
15 are they 12 or they nine cuz you got
to think you gotta think about how
people are gonna look at you huh when
people walk down the street be like wow
that kids successful that kid has big
things coming step two on a sidewalk if
you don't own a sidewalk then you're
never gonna have sweat and if you're
never gonna have sweat and how do you
expect to be a swag boy bad step three
you don't know how to talk to chicks I
got you you see when it comes to ladies
you got to be smooth you got to be slick
you got to connect with them you can't
just go up to them to look like a
jackass if you just follow this one easy
simple step any girl will fall madly in
love with you hey so Charlie's step four
do a sponsored post you know shot I want
to show you something it's an app and
app what is this a promo it's brainy
mill isms no no this is not just any
promo this is not just any app this is
the app that every youtuber today is
talking about it's called the best feed
Zach boy dude yeah yeah you in Atlanta
my new show with your mythical creature
friends that the only friends you got
man so you got to make sure you stay on
the
aim and play with your little friends
you were my friend you got to connect
all the same colors to gain the points
and once you gain those points you get
yourself a little rises in the end
there's tons of characters build the
team and destroy all the floods gotta
unlock Paolo's it transform them and
involve all your little animals to get
them bigger and help you and stronger
just be all the bigger black slug so you
gotta fight all the way in then okay
relax
the good thing about this game Scotty
boy is that you don't need no date of no
Wi-Fi no coverage no feast no nada you
can play this game whenever you want or
I got at least Scotty alone and let him
to feed the slugs on his own man but you
guys gotta check it out there's a bunch
of new levels out Saturday August 6
there's gonna be a free kick so I'm
gonna let you guys give it a try make
sure you go download the app the link
will be in my description below make
sure to go check it out and if you do
beat Scottie make sure you to tweet it
at me and saying let me see how high you
can get on your level on the level 85 I
don't think you can surpass that step 5
always avoid to face a paparazzi
it's your fuck boy then your celebrity
and celebrities don't get bothered by
fans and paparazzi you me Scott rice
card no gate no pigs fans whatever the
situation is you gotta run away you
can't expect to wait there instead
around take pictures and sign autographs
all day I mean yeah fans say that you
know we'd be nothing without them but
guess what they'd be nothing without us
to step 6
take shirtless selfies your little lady
friends you're talking to you text you
on the phone they're gonna be like hey
send me a picture send me a naughty peg
he'll be like ok let me send you a
selfie without my shirt on do you need
to have ads no the fuck you don't just
to make sure you have your swag boy
pants on to let her know where you
look like naked and fellas remember the
more abs you got the more points you got
the more points you got the most swag
you got the more swag you got the more
football you got and when you got the
most buff boy that you can ever get then
that's when you know that you ever cream
and that's that's when you know that
you've accomplished something great
congratulations peasants you made it to
the end of my video the last step to be
a true fuck way this world is that you
guys shout out one of your being because
without them you'd be nothing and who
else is gonna watch your shit right so
this week I'm getting a low rascal war
to one of my favorites miss a Hannah
under school Khayat for always being
there for me thick and thin hopefully
you watch all my videos in the future
endeavor and as always make sure to like
this video
you know the thumbs up button maybe on
the bottom half of the screen of your
little phone mobile device thing you
know and they should subscribe so you
can see what else I post in the future
endeavors till next time top 11 always
your favorite fuck boy peace out much
love respect to you next week on Monday
because that's my post and I puts on
Thursdays too so make sure to be on the
lookout for that so and one more thing
you got to do a nice close into your
videos as a true YouTube oh fuck boys or
this one is my special close with that
the gabbie show might do but I'm gonna
do it anyways peace out
we'll go telling her to land
