Carly Aaron when I told you guys you
could come over and vlog I didn't mean
you take all my clothes and feel my
intro so genuine shows a couple of
trucks at my leg chemo this is like one
that I made for my mom uh not too long
ago it's pretty near and dear to my
heart
there's a big-ass bird he's thinking it
I think try come on a cave we trying to
free me Macarena song ok fly away I know
you don't see me do it look at all these
glasses and you trying to be shady with
me all these candles and you still ain't
lit all this memory and you still forgot
I just pulled a prank on Alex where some
guy from Craigslist came into our house
to buy the bunny he loves this bunny and
I keep making jokes I'm gonna sell it or
whatever so uh he came in he took the
bunny
Alex freaked out when is room I didn't
see him for like 45 minutes even after I
told him it was a joke you just like get
out of my room
I'm surprised up here right now oh well
actually tearing up from that story
because they're so emotional yeah why
are we always talking about the fucking
bunny now I'm sorry here another thing
is something else Mike he's back you
should be happy thought we killed him I
was just seeing flashbacks with a bunny
like when you taught him tricks yeah
Jesus I got the quesarito from Chipotle
and apparently they're supposed to make
in a certain way with a burrito in the
middle all he did was Mel your cheese
I'm
I am livid right now I don't understand
why nobody else is with it right now
this is a social injustice and nobody
seems to care about me they beat $3 50
extra for case of waka marito
which is a quesadilla means two
tortillas with a cheese layer in the
middle
and that is you at the outer shell of a
burrito when you made 350 extra that's
important
overdramatic alright so today we've
decided that we're going to show our
really old
embarrassing cringy myspace pictures as
you ready huh wait you look like my boy
yeah boys a eyebrows
all you need to is this and out you go
and why are you wearing your nostrils
like that literally going this how do
you write that in yourself MS pain where
you like draw with your cursor on paint
on the grader remember you would write
your MySpace link on your picture so
nobody's stole your picture I never did
that well though you try to make that a
relatable thing like all watermark our
pictures we did it this is more I'm like
I thought this is more like an email
picture things I guess of it is this is
actually one of my senior pictures and
it's so sad looking like why oh it's
like an album cover for Paramore 2006
looks like a pregnant scared I used to
take like webcam pictures like where my
laptop back when like when I first got a
laptop that's not but that's how you
know it's bad is what it's a webcam yeah
great yeah who did you send this to it
isn't what probably someone I said it's
a tumblr do you look like you're
actually dying you here on your death -
the last photo taken in the hospital
that's a middle school
now's my hair look like your little
sister you're lying if you look at the J
we have the same fandom big maze that's
why I think you should go back to that
personal
what is he single what it is knowledge
that you out you look like an awful
person
what oh my god you look like an actual
bobble heads honestly and every one of
these pictures you just look like you're
wasting away I'm Way more into Zane's
pictures than I have in the army yeah
look at this we're only doing Zayn
sister : Louis so are going on with this
hair you legumes you have that hair that
you clip on your head yeah I would add a
crush on you though my channel really
yeah I would up and I know I love you
guys
yeah well that's like there's nobody
like me and you look really hot like
actually I would date you today if you
look like this kill you
Oh gadget
