morning Scott morning Todd hey that was
disgusting
yeah those got off Scott I got two
doughnuts I don't wanna eat the
doughnuts they're unhealthy we don't
need to be eating doughnuts but that's
not the point though what's the point
why would you give me something that I'm
not gonna eat you get it for yourself no
I didn't get him up for myself I got it
I got it for you look they're all pretty
color-coordinated
I don't like doughnuts a I went out of
my way this morning to get you doughnuts
and what you shouldn't have it like on a
scale of one to ten doughnuts are like a
negative three for me it's not the booty
you know bitch alright so our neighbor
just came to our house saying that
there's a big white dog down in the park
but it's not our dog cuz our dogs in the
backyard oh I still want to go see the
dog I take it home me when he said
there's a dog at park so the dog that
Harley and I found me and Amanda are
taking him to an animal shelter look at
him yeah cute he is he has no idea
what's happening right we wanted to keep
him in our backyard until tomorrow
morning
when animal shelter is open but he fell
in the pool like three times and he
couldn't swim like the Amanda how to
pull him out the pool he's sitting now
he's tired you can't name time you're
gonna get attached
Jonny more pony album agua hello
boom-boom Canyon out cheering this year
16 times very least 16 times at the very
least whoo muttering slut she's drunk
again
hi welcome to the precision of the show
I'm your host there seems enough you
have a very special guest today
thanks for having me Christine
you might wanna pray so you got to talk
to you today and you get a tattoo you I
see it you see it yeah hope you edit
good music into this
Oh God no God please no what are those
these are Marlon practicing Marlon
practice these little O's and then
fucked it up he tattooed you yeah you
touching me well for you a dead ringer
for oh I just gave himself a tattoo
because Marlon was too pussy to do it
I'm so freakin pissed I'll let you talk
to me for a blog are you serious or how
about you touching everything yes sir
fuck it sit down what
Sally you dope Oh fucking jacket you
know that it's like dragging your skin
out to do you're in too deep with that
one you're pressing too straight down
you want to happen oh wait I have it on
an angle yeah oh yeah sorry all right
oh no you have it I'm more of an angle
oh my god we're meeting up more this way
yeah like that and then you want to pull
in yeah drag it all right you might want
to put ink in it that'd be good so dip
it in the anchor here
all right ready I'm so sure everybody's
a zine stuff you did it I can't believe
them kept on me you did it is that gonna
say an exclamation that was supposed to
be an exclamation point it is not it's
an excellent siddhappa oh no you're done
we got Scott cooking up in this bitch
megaphone ground turkey with salt pepper
now tear stuff but this is the end of
the video so make sure to LIKE and
subscribe if you enjoyed this video
follow me on Twitter and Instagram the
would be right here
nobody cares oh my god did you lose here
this shit on me
I was waiting it's like twenty minutes
is to do that fuck your condo
I would ship sailing off the ceiling
- mrs. Langley
