either he going I'm going on my trip
yeah wait for real yeah
bean you're good for like a month see
stop don't see I'll be back soon dude
I'll call you when I get there okay
all right okay
I'd like to thank the Academy for this
honor and my management for helping me
get here today I never thought this day
would come
you like me you really really like me I
don't have to say that thank you and
good night
I love you for the narrowness of his
jibs why she's like a poet when I start
climaxing I just keep saying over and
over again just as I'm starting to go
over the edge just watch your fluid like
so much they're just both on a journey
having sex with different objects or
substantial objects for me oh my god I
have to say there's a lot of cool stuff
going on right now and I think that
happens between you in relation to this
so Scotty got us one of these vegan
organic bowls that healthy people like
to eat and I feel betrayed it is not as
pretty as Tumblr and Instagram make it
out to be sorry I couldn't get you a
prettier Bowl I just wanted to take a
nice Instagram picture and I feel like I
can't do that anymore
so do a parody Instagram picture with
the Rose Bowl because we're comedians
shitty ones yeah
shitty internet people that are not
funny enough so they make vlogs
hey guys so I've seen a lot of beauty
gurus teaching people how they get ready
for their day and I decided I want to
give you guys a little taste of my own
beauty this is how I get ready for my
day
ah every morning I wake up rejuvenated
from a great night's sleep I turn over
give myself a big stretch before I pop
off my bed and
my way over to my clothes closet I reach
back behind my head because I think it
looks beautiful
just in case anyone's filming then I
reach for my black rep jeans ah my
favorite pants ever once I pull those up
over my big fat ass
I look for my striped shirt which is my
favorite shirt ever I put that on and
now ready sing another shitty day Oh
nope
look my room's a fucking mess again
might as well bar when the Scots closed
again
ah just doing the finishing touches put
in my shoes wait a minute what is Zane
doing in my room
he's not supposed let me know working
this one Zane excuse me what are you
doing in my closet
are you using my clothes I'm borrowing a
shade why don't you clean your own room
and get your own closet door don't be
coming into my room grabbing my clothes
because you can't find it I don't want
to play my fucking room hey fuck out
that's right walk away you little bitch
hey guys thanks for watching this video
make sure like and subscribe if you
laughed if I made you tickle your pickle
make sure to hit that thumbs up button
you know if you want to see more stuff
from me and Scotty boy
haha today I'm going to be giving a
little special shout-out to one of you
little rascals
today's shout-out goes to miss Leigh Ann
Lane who has my face on a thumbnail and
I like that shit so make sure to you
know follow me on instagram my snapchat
I'm actually gonna be open up snapchat
to answer some questions on my vlog next
a next video so make sure to send me
snaps as dainty jazzy and I'll be
answering your questions on Bianca
camera so and I might be there to holler
at your boy knows my lawyer don't don't
spit on my hair here's a video of a
really ridiculously good-looking dude
who has a better body than me and facing
me that anybody I have ever seen
dance and then the outro is gonna come
out where who's gonna do the dance
let's go
