hey Joe know what oh come on I'm not
going to dance for you for your stupid
out Joe again it's my intro by the way
but let those let's just stop it's the
spark up a conversation so what would
you what'd you do today
well I hope Scott out with some stuff we
had a good little time this is everyone
playing Pokemon right now I need to read
some people including us what are we
trying to find tonight all of them hey
we're gonna catch a mommy look at all
those Pokemon hunters everyone here
trying to find a shower son oh shit
there's a VIP section for Pokemon
hunters over level 30 okay I'm getting
like eggs an anxiety attack trying to
find a therapist you know how ironic
because your insurance company can't
take it oh no I have no pass insurance
it's that I go to them I go to the
website for the insurance it's like
here's all the people that will accept
it so I call all of the people that will
accept it and when they call they go hi
sorry we don't accept that it's urgent
what do you mean I guess I don't care
about mental health even though that's
what they work in whatever I'll have
health insurance which for 26 is that
one day
what does YouTube offer health insurance
you and Gabi have the same therapist
honestly me like she told me to call
them we go in together we're just like
you know you could always talk to me
about anything you don't even ever text
me back all right sawlog you don't know
what aaron actually does every day as a
job and I think it'd be really funny to
show you exactly you know get a little
taste of what she does Thanks
siren calling from oh how are you today
good thanks yeah I was actually just
giving you a call to set up your
shipment date for a little printer
you're not sure okay yeah sure you can
give me a call back that's no problem
bye okay he didn't tell me that no okay
sure yeah I'll give you a call back next
week I'm really sorry about that
okay bye hi this is Aaron how are you
Hey uh-huh
no he didn't tell me that no I'm I'm
really really sorry about that we will
get that out to you as soon as we can I
do apologize you have a good weekend
bye and you do this every day
how many phone calls do you take a day
you and Carly both need therapy
we'll be answering Somchai questions
while we lay down together
oh my boss will be starting now the
volumes money is done okay Melanie your
volume wasn't on is it connected to the
Bluetooth oh it is Shaw over again this
is from Malika Fergie's hi guys my
question is what do you love and hate
most about each other first let me start
with the things that I love about saying
okay
he's a very focused video editor and
he's very good at taking pictures what I
hate about him he's messy he smells he
doesn't shower very often he's airheaded
he's kind of dumb when it comes to like
listening to people and stuff like that
he doesn't really know a lot of things
he's kind of unintelligent and it's hard
for me to get along with him because
he's so stupid next question you didn't
answer anything about me what I love all
Scott is nothing and when I hate about
Scott is everything next Haley 5 8 6
we're not gonna get this done from I've
on a tank Oh does your friend have
lights because he was all over the video
stretch use it in the snapchat oh did
the fray like that was nice right yeah
welcome puppies Jesus from New York I
have a pet peeve it's same kisses from
California
my pet peeve is when Scott's not happy
so you're like always upset then next
Mallory H one two three someone call the
police that girl can't breathe Gloria
dawn I think she missed it snapchat for
musically Fonzie 18 I've choked on a
tampon wrapper before in sixth grade
yeah
Alli Bieber 15 hey guys my question is
what do you do a dude did the chicken
nuggets she says she says what do we do
with their chicken nuggets I dip them in
barbecue sauce Darion but 13 hey guys oh
you bet your bottom dollar Darion no it
was so just straight-up crazy grace
what's your favorite cereal
bite it was a funny I like cinnamon
toast crunch on my sugary days and
raisin bran on my I'm the exact same
cinnamon toast crunch that's you've got
to go for that autumn if you are drag
queen what would your drag name be
that's so good
if there's like certain words that they
put in their names that you have our
Barbara
barnacle Barbara J Dean pleased to buy
me a pack of cigarettes okay how old is
the way my question what's your favorite
type of gum Nicorette technically no it
can't be
daddy winter Addison what made you start
vlog David David over horse he was like
don't blog we were like okay crystal
saliyah if you had the opportunity to
raise awareness for something or funded
charity or something of the sort
what would you fun I would do autism
because my little brother is autistic
and I would love to
Omega raise some awareness for that I
would do the same thing cuz your brother
has autism and I love you thanks Jane
when did you realize that you wanted to
become a Viner
and why on earth would you do with he
fly Honor I think she was intentionally
trying to make that like a good question
but it came out very bad why on earth
would you score did you do you regret
moving in with Scottie yes all right so
just for your information and we're
going to start off by escort service
selling my buddy if you're interested
just not general what did you Joe
why are you snapchatting us okay guys
this is all we have for today ladies and
gentlemen make sure to like this video
and subscribe if you haven't yet Thank
You Scottie for being in this video and
Joe you guys did great like always
alright guys stay safe and don't do any
drugs stay safe stay safe
I found
