welcome to st. or Christine if you are
going to a red carpet event what would
you wear I have a funeral dress I could
probably wear the same so Amanda right
here told me that I have to download
this Pokemon Go game because everybody's
obsessed with it and so I'm parading my
account right now and I'm scared because
I feel like I'm going to be addicted to
it
okay open it okay you get one then okay
look look I'm stepping over it
football on it get thrown up yeah you
caught it you got your first pok√©mon
Wow no the drama was eight at the doctor
going to the dog
they did the dog there real quick it's
made out of bone baby dinosaurs a wild
wombat we just call it a wombat
it's a zoo bad thing come on wait ah I
think you're trying to get up to my
commentary a Portuguese you try to get
him you're trying to get him that you
try to get pokemon run I don't know if
they are but they should be my god you
get it boom got it back or what love are
you on yeah 1409 fertile days holy shit
we should go live I'll give you my womb
back for your long that I just got it
it's crushed it was flying around and I
caught it with my pokeball you got to
shit in a way think you'll really like
if you gave me a whole batch me a great
Grimer this guy set up a back like with
water you've been walking from where
North Hollywood squats taking Noelle's
today no else hope he's wearing
sunscreen it's gonna get real bad tan
line we have the shale gas days you know
just a normal normal average gas station
and then we have this gas it literally
looks like it has a hotel lobby it is
you have to make an appointment like two
months I had to get gas massage tables
on the side someone comes and booms your
gas for you
hey we're just going to Costco with your
girl Liza coming at you he's not looking
because we take this true
asparagus
nice bear I guess what are the different
things you invited do we put each other
on our phones but I think she's workout
do you guys cuddle like did in the
middle of Costco's act this is the
thumbnail cuddling in bed with David in
a Costco I can't believe I made love
with him there are two Hans's that's
gonna be fun
David did it extra time blue time but we
look at my pictures and me a we forgot
dress rehearsal as you can tell is using
their hands they're like this okay so
this is when you don't want to get your
wrong I'm just imagining the gulping or
the smallest bride just in case you guys
want to know how me and Alex text alex
is such a diva needs me at all times
Gabi is nearly what we do this lady
you're welcome showstoppers Gabi's
jealous of the people on the plane
didn't invite her to the trip so they're
going on they have Gabi's hologram on
every flight to do the six pieces CNN be
like 23 year old Caucasian Christian
child of God sent both of his parents to
heaven today it's that little truth
that's so it says when questions contain
the answer to a different problem on the
test
Oh weird romantic yummy we wanna miss
maybe come back so bad she's not I just
trying to fit his phone disguises mom
dressed up like his mom like the picture
of him in the office like look at him
talking to the lady
okay wonderful thing I like how he would
get these photos how I wish this up was
around when we were in high school yeah
like oh my god I would have been so much
fun with this stuff
I also these people also opted
instruments and tried to play the best
ability
