Christmas
did I just listen to me don't even want
to hear it he was going on a plane you
don't understand JetBlue did me dirty ok
who do you dirty because you came late
for the airport I look like I was it
just get it hold on before we go you got
to do something real quick um it's
something she's us youtubers have to do
sometimes oh no we are now this video is
sponsored by saying they paid me to make
this video pay me because maybe this is
my youtube channel because we got to
show everybody how much fun Singh is and
we're gonna do it together cuz you're my
sister
so Smeal made an app called say you have
your own profile you can customize the
look and feel of your profile page pin
your favorite performances and baby you
can do it with your favorite artist like
Jason Derulo trained Shawn Mendes Nick
Jonas
look at that this app connects the world
through music sing play create share
making music social you know give a try
try let Tom why you love sing so much no
why not be a team player and homie out
here down low sing that's it you only
came that's fine
make your performance ha and have fun
thing while using sound and video back
they just do that let's start this uh
can you even sing have you ever sung
before she can't these beers a little
taste of how Hijazi scan can actually
say did I know are gonna show the
headphones because we share they can't
even see inside of your dog because
they're dry me I will yeah but I are
gonna give you the privilege of hearing
us sing wonderful Christmas songs play
we're gonna start with deck the halls
alright I know you don't sing Christmas
music but we're gonna have to today
let's try deck the hall Spanish version
I'm gonna really I have a c-minus
this isn't even your car waving the will
be we're gonna give you this school
you're gonna get this car for free you
should have seen my first car I swear my
feet I can feel the floor I had to
actually run like The Flintstones parts
there was this like janky red horse now
the torso the windows wouldn't go all
the way up every time I went to working
at range my entire car would be flooded
I'd have to do it that was just a normal
thing how to deal with my god you gonna
sue me are you gonna sue me do you want
to be in these videos okay then good I
just got you saying that you want to be
in this video so you can't like one sign
cough cough cough yeah I would rat on
your if a cop stopped us I'd be like
y'all stray dog girl sobs you ma'am
you've been randomly selected we have to
meet our quota this is always a problem
you trying to back out of this you want
to give me some lame excuse on why you
missed your plane because of Jeff I got
to the airport I got the mints mints is
usually like we get like skipped line
you just go we got a thing you're
important so I had a check back and
apparently you have a cutoff for bags
when you fly with blue I didn't have a
tight bow would have been able to get on
the plane you're shocked you have to be
on time somewhere they put a bag on play
I mean I know you're not familiar with
I'm considering you post very late but
most business establishments do require
look I like coming home to visit you
though and you're making it really hard
you're making it really hard to come see
you every time you need to stop with
that it's about a drop us off in the
corner you're telling me this morning
that I'm like okay you got YouTube now
who needs a vacation when you got you to
actually thing wise I did go to college
she went to one year cause I'm a fake
value you know all about it huh you know
Liza really like she wants to meet you
that's because I don't know how to drive
I see lately my friends now I mean
probably for the wrong reasons but I'm
sure she's probably dealing with a lot
of people genuinely likes me I can
genuinely didn't like that you saw a
competition in you're like aw hell no I
drew a line telling I was like drawing a
flash I drew one line this girls like my
god I really like your line I can't
really put any of this in but I tells me
so much stuff about what goes on those
features oh my god that's awful she said
that to you you know you're a Muslim
going to portray yourself the best way
it's like you're testing me to my last
drop I mean it's very nice these days
she told me like somebody should have
show me to her like she was awesome for
a day at school because it was a
religious holiday what did she say to
you it was like I'm sorry I was
absolutely
holiday like I was out of town and just
like will you be taking out for all your
loose Hollies I'm like I will if I want
excuse me I was like I might and I sat
down and you love what I do but
strawberries just came up to me and
asked if I wanted to go play outside
just straight up Lighting's right up to
me pays in you play outside it's because
I'm 25 years old what is what is what is
it like being an army man you speak up
so Mike can you yell you should have put
a mic on this is you messing up not if I
put a mic on the middle capture all the
noise it's kind of from there I'm having
a hard time connecting with you I'm go
to Best Buy buy a microphone one $49.99
okay you see not and that's now you're
hurting my feelings I know that I'm not
good at this
you're attacking me where I'm weak
that's not fair I'm not attacking you
I'm telling you just the way you're
coming at me like that is very
triggering to me because I've been
through a lot okay you see the way
you're looking at me right now it can be
very um I love Jonah Jonah is one of my
best friends been best friends for about
two and a half weeks I kind of connected
with them lausanne you went to David's
house ordered wings we watched some
shitty show and networks and I fell
asleep together I woke up with my might
as my shirt was off and I woke up with a
no hit some ice my chest that's it I
love that had a good night with you
buddy too bad you won't remember it yeah
sloshed Jonah you ate a branding threat
before right after you eat a Cosmo
brownie go it wasn't anything wrong why
did you put something in the Ronnie I
didn't I'm not telling you you can they
put something I just wonder what did we
do last night did you took me off again
yeah whatever fine just don't do it
again
all right guys thanks for watching make
sure liked the video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to my channel if you want
to see more stuff for me and all my
friends xialu me go sit in Eureka
because he got my face tattooed on his
body I'm saying is that what is that
this is done he has to get that removed
why bro cuz this balls me smacking on
your
I know
