ah
Aaron it's my turn just got this
brand-new Starbucks drink I'm getting
paid five million dollars to try this
here you go you ready all right so it
looks like a purpley berry smoothie can
you tell me if this is coffee or not
it's not coffee
it's called passion iced tea and it has
soy milk vanilla and blackberries okay
so when you go to Starbucks you have to
like ask for the extras tell me what
happened at the bowling alley outside of
the bowling when we roll very good okay
so I went outside for a cigarette real
quick and there was these two dudes
outside and they were talking to each
other and it looked like they were like
in an argument and the one dude was like
oh yeah man you know me and my crew like
we brought our best man and then we all
got together like we fucked them up dawg
like we were we were beating the ass man
yeah so they didn't want no beef anymore
so like you could bring your best man
get your whole squad get your whole crew
and we'll go at it dawg your team my
team let's get it I'm like holy shit
like this is like a gang fight that's
about to go down like I got scared and
then all the sudden they were just like
yeah man we fucking whooped em man I
bowled like eight strikes in a row and I
was like wait I literally thought they
were talking about like jumping each
other and having full-on like gang bang
fight yeah you know I Bowl eight strikes
in a row them boys lost they shit
hey Carly you need to explain to me what
hunty is cuz I don't know you guys have
this whole hunty thing and I don't know
what that means you can you please
explain let me explain it to the boy
hunty or should you just like have to
earn it
at some point doesn't sound like a real
thing yeah we are it's our we are we're
just Humpty the Queen hunty like it's
just a hunting you would know if you
watched our balls yeah literally we
talked about an interval and it's not on
yeah well I got better shit to do
I clean e-book builder when I'm right
there I'd be like a pro total pussy like
I'm famous
this is your phone you feel like the
Whooper oh baby you gotta see on me I
know this cuz they be you dude I'm out
here every day to working on my tan I'm
tryin to be tan God like have a nice
body
why can't anyone ever compliment me why
is it always about Todd
Todd's abs Todd has a nice tan todd has
a long flowing dark hair he's beautiful
you're ugly you're white you look like a
fucking Moshe Martin today jr. can't
even talk and getting the same
marshmallow get the cam ratty fuck we're
gonna do that fuck you I was gonna get
some like Bagel Bites but what our gas
is shut up I literally was like I'm
gonna if you didn't know this is what we
do every night just good sunny loving
however uh uh our gas bill okay I can't
go to my gas is shut off so I can't even
make Bagel Bites or like pizza all right
so I'm so pissed right now I was I
literally came here so exciti like pizza
rolls woman I thought our gas is on no
why do you think your shower is cold the
gas isn't back on don't you have a
lighter
I cook each pizza it eats bagel bite
just fucking we could do it you want it
you wanna try oh I'm not gonna do that
we do have a campfire ooh are we really
about to fucking cook some Bagel Bites
right we're gonna build a we're gonna
build a fire right now to cook a bagel
bite we build whatever we can to
nutritious - ginger - today junior
nutritious us if i'ma build a fucking
campfire bitch I'm gonna make a fucking
a pizza boat look at me look at me baby
we need something that we can microwave
yeah that Pizza boats you know the time
um we didn't have anything else yeah if
your middle school didn't have pizza
boats yo shit was bougie hey guys thanks
for watching this week's shout-out goes
to my friend Becca Bates her promised
tomorrow and hopefully you have fun at
prom tomorrow because I know I did and
another thing I never went to prom
actually got kicked out the second we
walked in yeah that's pretty
embarrassing not even
my own prom I was like invited after I
graduated but anyways I'm rubbing
sunscreen and Scotty by the way that's
me make sure to LIKE subscribe and tweet
me at st. damn that's David's thing I
can't even I can't even come over that's
how everyone does it they say well I can
subscribe tweet me don't say thanks for
watching say something that people don't
always say thanks for laying your eyes
upon these videos that i have created
make sure to to write me a tweet on my
social media platform called Twitter
where ad saying where you could tweet me
something and I can read it and enjoy it
quality content please
don't far
you
