jump y'all don't running up I don't know
if I can clear from this joke America
Todd will heaven
I'll get you come on time is almost up
let's go
would you put in there upbeat you want
to scare Scott I got to hold my hug no
Scott come here no let's go ahead baby
we have a surprise for you what you have
to come outside okay leave it
hold on Scott come here okay come on
here you're an idiot
all right guys so I decided to be a
lifestyle vlogger ready hey guys we're
hey guys we're walking on the street and
we're gonna go get breakfast
ah and we're gonna uh we're gonna I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna whip real
quick and then put the gun shot as I
whip okay all right don't make fun of me
don't just do it we're gonna whip real
quick you know how to whip right we're
gonna whip and as we whip it's gonna be
a gunshot ready okay hey guys what's up
we're getting breakfast that was great
okay so I'm gonna put the gunshot over
that go back okay let's do overtime good
are you no no no oh it's like a whip
ball no no okay he's gonna edit it in
they try it look I just want you to
close it
hmm it's not cheese listen do we came
here to get chicken-fried steak and it's
not about that Museum listen you go
fancy I'd say I'm so enemy I mean you
have a Rafael Aquino tattooed on you oh
you thought I said don't slide um that's
I'm offended that you thought I said so
I said I want chicken fried steak okay I
understand I understand you want chicken
breast you watching IRISA yeah how about
you fuck off oh here we go this is what
makes me angry
what is because we go out we are we have
a fucking blast well we all had a great
night I had a great night here for me
anyway now you guys right now yeah what
about it
we all have yourself you know oh my god
no chicken fried steak the word itself
and what's the first thing you said when
we get here you hate the word chicken
fries so that's not one word I don't
know what I don't want hate your word I
don't hate the word I hate them in
sequence I hate chicken fried steak so
much that want to hear the fucking word
if you want let's go this guy do we do
have a problem no no no plant it just
don't ask
Shh yeah so what was the deal no it's
gonna be the chicken-fried steak duck
what should I call her over
No all right miss miss come talk to me
I took a birthday huh my heart
okay okay okay I'll do it again Sam what
are you getting steak fried chicken
Aaron and I have to go with all the boys
to this thing called VidCon if you don't
know what VidCon is just imagine a One
Direction concert with crazier fans
screaming at every single corner when
they see one person that's not even
relevant on the Internet
all these people who think they are so
famous it's hard enough working for all
of those boys from home doing their
social media imagine going to a giant
Convention Center filled with a million
people exactly like them yeah Millions
I'm gonna have a panic attack
Harley what spit up a sweat the boys to
get them in awkward chopper and get them
a newer chopper don't ask question
hello NZ I love to view requested for me
to do a try of ZZ Brazilian Pandey what
are you doing it's really good lighting
in here can I just use this spot where
you're going to be trying Arizona
chocolates are you done what hide to do
it god I can't do an excellent alright
first we're gonna have try these off
pipoca Bobo's DNA yeah sorry my room
looks really gross I was sleeping
Patricia on corn pops I was literally
sleeping dude can you just try it
no God get up anyways alright let's try
the pasta tempo cookies they are made
from Nestle and they have such relief
didn't know I never ordered this by the
way I just came to my door exactly I
don't I don't know I mean this company
did but I don't remember ever a lot of
you were told me not to eat it but like
it's fitting I don't know how people do
this shit on YouTube but ball ball grab
door it's okay after it's not the Sun
good not that good
yeah it's not that good pretty good it's
pretty good it's something I wouldn't
buy it I wouldn't have I to do it again
alright next we're going to try the
Panamanians
do we even have to do everything to try
this one no this looks like a condensed
banana sugar cube those things it looks
terrible that looks like something that
try too small I just know that that's
something that could like I've gone bad
you know that dogs eat shit that looks
like like my dog ate like a doctor yet
yeah let's try the baton
Branko I'll go Romana light a I'm so
over this I'm kind of over it too but
it's a it's okay I was over before we
started I was sleeping this is like
another little it's just a stick of like
shit do but it's like white chocolate
choc alright Brazil I'm sorry you guys
not Ricardo but I don't like your
fucking snacks I'm alright I in my
opinion
trash all this including the popcorn it
looks like mushrooms except for these
cookies you let you thought they were
okay pasta tempos good for dipping and
tea and not throwing not something that
makes us feel like we're gonna throw oh
my gosh you're so dumb
I already had one these are coquitos
cook China's based on the description I
would say that they are say born presume
to asada it's pretty gross oh god
there's like a potent taste after you're
done to them it starts off kind of like
a Cheeto like a really bland chewy
cheeto and then it has this like weird
like let me show you what these chips
are yucky toad won't agree in this type
of stuff man I know you really built for
the whole like youtuber challenge life
that was more like that's like my thing
to run more of like a youtube generic
loser you're better than me so I'll
finish this up for you
these are Renata aqua Sol's okay so what
do you want to rate this box of goodies
that you got I mean you didn't seem I'll
give it a screeching two point three
2.30 screeching two points this week
shoutout goes to drumroll freeze
Celeste day underscore vieta I always
see you on my page doing different shit
so I'd like to thank you for that so I'm
gonna let you pick the song right now to
play an outro the pokemon theme song
I wanna be the very best no one
