uber yeah see ya hi Irina good how are
you good like your head downtown oh yeah
okay great I do have any music
preference um whatever son okay I got a
sob like son hope you got a man boy in
my face
but you know you gotta do what you gotta
do and then quit and get back on I know
you better get out of my face out of my
face out of my face I'll buy your dinner
if you're going that cool right now
what do you mean if I go in it I'll
fucking do it you find her breakfast no
he said no he said no what's worth you
more your arrest or me buying your
breakfast true bitch I'm a loser just
told them get out of the cooler and he
said hey man it's footage give a little
taste of what your vlogs would look like
Oh what my vlogs like even in here he
doesn't have a city can't light a
cigarette
hey guys what's up we're here we're
getting some dinner right now I'm with
my friends
Zane's here Scott hey hey guys no fuck
that shit I'm gonna tell you right now
no no you listening let no you listen
here
i'ma tell you
it's right
originally and we
and Friday
that the mazda3 all right so I got this
package sent to my house and I promise
you this is not a nun packaging video or
I'm not getting paid for this but I
don't remember ever ordering treats from
I don't even know what treats ooh hi hi
how are you
sorry I've got soaked eh hmm anyways I
got this tree spices treats on it but it
doesn't say a company name or anything
and I probably shouldn't be opening this
because probably is not treats but let's
let's just skip to the box okay it's not
telling me what like country they're
from the hell is this what language is
that kanji China is probably from like
Salvador or something all right well
that was boring okay that's all okay so
you guys have dogs okay jenna Marbles
has animals dogs maybe a cat we're
looking at cats because we are gonna be
big youtubers now yeah yep and it's have
you seen Jenna's engagement and your
guys engagement I mean obviously we need
more like all of our Instagram pictures
like it's gonna be so much better with
pet snapchat what type of car you guys
basically looking for hmm we don't care
as long as we have one it's justifiable
enough for us as long as a cute face
that we can explai all over the internet
because like basic you know once you get
something different like get like a
komodo dragon or something you know our
basic we're youtubers gonna be basic now
Aaron come here yeah mm-hmm that's gonna
make our outros very efficient we're
gonna get a ton of new subs it's gonna
be so good for our career so much
engagement yeah
Patricia all of it a long time no see
I've longed for this moment with you I
mean I cannot order missed you too I
guess you know I love you I mean I love
you too but like I'm not like time to
get married or anything you know a good
text to move I like text me but we
should get like keep it to emotion stuff
like I don't think we're like that yet I
want to promote you right now I guess
you're pretty hot
Oh
