No
so Oh what kind of vegetables do you
want the same um just bumpy's alright so
let's talk about VidCon real quick a lot
of someone comes below if you guys are
gonna be there next weekend or not
because we'll all be there so it's like
when I first vidcon's with that oh yes
your fur
it's our first VidCon it's Aaron's first
VidCon the only person I don't think can
make all three days of Scott I think is
only going one day guys do you like
Angry are you I don't think we have any
20Â° we're not that's over I'm gonna
call a week it's like - Carly no we
gotta go alright so if you guys didn't
know like three four years ago we
actually used to post a lot of vines as
soon as it came out we immediately
started posting vines today we're going
to go through our first vines our very
first ones I wish we could just get the
minds that we deleted because there are
so many good ones we're just gonna show
you the ones that we still have in here
we're still pretty good I'm actually
excited the CD I'm kind of haven't seen
them in a long time I forget you ready
let's point out the fact that our first
line has a warning this post may contain
sensitive content sign you'll rarely see
vines with this in the beginning but
this one for some reason I think cuz we
show ass in it we don't show too much
booty I think it's enough booty we're
like it's a good amount of booty I see I
said can we see the link bad chest a
little dizzy there Cody's out it's dude
booty we're just gonna let that go - so
let's just watch it
damn we need a carwash that's a good
amount of all that's a lot of booty it's
not the booty it's your nuts my nuts out
your nothing I doubt if there's an
imprint of your nut hold on
oh my yeah no definitely right there
alright alright let's go to our next
mine that was that was a good story
good start okay one night's more booty
classic comedy gold let's talk about my
acting in that one love hello you get
this kid an agent already oh boy okay by
the way this one we had no special
effects but a plastic baggie over the
camera to make it look blurry like that
is own I feel like nobody would have
thought that that's I'm fine like we
were just I think we're just that good
let's see the next one oh okay this is
oh my god this was our first like
full-on skit where we like went all out
we were just like we're gonna take the
day to get this vine done this took a
day this literally took one over let's
go away
fuck fuck really shot that name got hit
by the car and we shattered his
windshield while recording it we were
the definition of do it for the vine how
am i asked a hot Laila all right let's
go next one oh my god a little backstory
real quick I've known Marcus John since
before vine and all this we were in Rock
of Ages together we made a vine account
and like I saw Marcus I was like holy
shit like I know this kid he was huge on
vine at the time back then what do you
have like 30 something he had 48th I ate
which which back then was at the same
time it's like that that's how you'd
like now look at it that's how we know
that we started vine like immediately as
soon as they came on so I saw almost
like holy shit I hit him up as a yo we
just hopped on vine too and he's like oh
dope and then like he followed us and he
had like a shit ton of fangirls like
freaking out like oh my god Marcus thank
followed me he liked my video she's one
of my best John's followed us
Oh God we put the crossing we would
never do that now but like I think we
went all out we went all out for that I
know was hilarious next one is my god
bunny fan take a run out of the way shit
had to be shot back then there was no
editing you couldn't put something in
the beginning we literally had to run
out of gas on the highway to get this
video done drove around til my car hit
dead e and we're like fuck we got to get
this and we messed up so it was like we
had no time we needed friends to help us
and they were just like over it so like
everything had to be perving when we
messed up on the last scene we had to
redo everything it was horrible so this
is the vibe today again halogens
I remember glass seed was just so scary
I was shaking because we had one scene
left and we believed that we had all the
other things right we couldn't even see
any of the scenes unfold it's literally
full BIOS but it came out good Wow
deal I'm like so proud of us for like
dude like back in the day it was wow it
was raw oh this is not one of my
favorites right oh my good oh yeah I
mean I watch it some good oh my gosh so
dumb so how long it was on my scene I
was like summer you can hear clicking
like when we top this frigid record tick
tick tick tick go Kathy
is not that anything through what we
have to do it look at the way the hook
clips on my hair look how are you able
to get that wig on that fishing line and
looking no no
what's even sadder is that we didn't get
rid of that wig after it went into that
fucking canal and it was just yeah of
muck and dirt we still use the way like
a gel use that way
a year ago we're just like we should
give these away on eBay like I feel like
someone else like this there's got to be
like some hardcore fan out there that
would buy that wig the bid one go over
like 80 bucks
third they knew it even get to 80 this
was also a classic oh my god watch it
stop the trail just walk up with me but
I don't even care no the true yeah I
literally can't do it again everybody go
do the bone you scream like I you don't
know how I did it you just executed it
we try to do it again and I feel you you
couldn't get it again like it was just
that one bind yeah you're able to Barney
fuck all right I think I we still have
like a ton of old vines but like yeah
we're not gonna film it all now we'll do
it some other time maybe I'll show you
guys some more a month or two but we
still have like a good 20 old old wines
that we still got a share so save it for
another video and yeah face out
