hey Scott hey how are you doing man good
just enjoying the pool yeah taking the
day you know what I'm enjoying you're
not put mine a better tag neo no daddy
pose what we cooking up in this cake -
yeah we got some just slice a Salman oh
what's it honing listening maybe we got
some up in here we got some sliced
Salman right there we go what we need to
do with season is join the audience a
break us up in this bitch you got a peep
the cabinet um call me crazy but we bout
to get fancy we need opens a tank and a
bitch okay okay I think it's straight
okay whoo there you go big screen go
that wheel
yeah you know that sounds like
nutcracker pop back right there whatever
I got a layer it out three single piece
but this family had to literally build a
pepper there you go me crazy
i'ma put a little bit of honey on his
boat on honey better put some of that
honey on down there you like that pine
and right up on okay that was cute oh
gosh chef Tsai Tsai up in this bitch is
so fucking - so you lost characters oh
yeah so what we're gonna do is we gotta
summon is sue B clover honey may in the
goddamned us of eight Lord Jesus who for
love and he gonna make these Salman pop
out that's exactly where we going bingo
bango bongo let's just leather this
whole when chef chai tie up in this
kitchen cooking there is always time a
little bit of line boom bitch are you go
Freddy B's ready you ready whoo look
skirt look at that mm-hmm and then that
money baby that money's gonna caramelize
right on side you get that nice krispity
krunch you looking for we're gonna need
a little bit of garlic all right and
what we gonna do with us you want to see
this big although idea boom boom that's
it ready Oh boom boom good it what baby
what are you do is that even necessary
no baby I just like to do it that's it
yup oh just like that boom and death how
you cook it first shooting for you
Narae no it's pretty ridiculous
yeah social media Kings let's charge it
up Thank You Maya you like that don't
dump some nerve like my dad we have to
go to Target
I'm done I'm done okay I'm done I'm done
I'm done why you came out just in case
you like trip or something oh my god god
the bees driving me help baby
get out of the water you going on these
things me hmm it's in you
no way oh my god you were saving his leg
out of that fucking hurt boys oh he's
right you know once they sting the rest
of them come it sends off like a scent
to the other ones and they all come yes
I got the poison you're so calm
you are really dumb for real I was
trying to get him out of the water and
he stung me what a fucking asshole but
do you have to say to the family of the
B you just killed I didn't kill him he
killed himself that was suicide that was
B sue knows a mom boy I'm gonna be
stings here bro ah wrong with the father
all right Scott tell him what's the
nastiest thing you've done that's a kid
the nasty thing I done when I was a kid
I used to watch my dog poop in the
backyard a lot and so I thought it was
okay and I went my backyard and shit in
the backyard with your dog with my dog
yeah that's not really nasty that's
actually kind of cool that's the
nastiest thing you've done I used to
kind of get my eat my boogers you know
picking boogers neat that's disgusting
I still do it today when I'm hungry wait
really
all right so I didn't know he was home
and I wanted to be part of tough time
with the boys and yeah and he's here
right now so he's gonna tell you I'm
cranky I missed up on what's the
nastiest thing you did as a kid the
nastiest the nastiest thing you did as a
kid as a kid tasted my own pee I've done
that too it's kind of worse than eatin
booger did you kind of have to prepare
for when that cop licks happens you all
survived in the wild in the past
drinking their own piece so hasted my
own TV for ban everything I didn't drink
it or tasted it like laying in the
bathtub I just kind of peed and it went
up into my mouth how the hell did I have
it on good that one that one does even
have a desk that's a B that sucks good
good
by the way where's that bag how many
tough times there's a G's
