would you rather have millions abuse and
have no real friends or have horrible
using the best people friends in the
world won't well however Buffy is
investigator friends in the entire room
I already have guys coming back my
channel this is my personal on my second
I'm we're not all successful and you
know it's just hard it's hard to react
to one video and we're gonna do would
you rather join us also off camera by
the way why are you interrupting any
right dude come on dropped out of
college to pursue this $9,000 well whose
fault is this is a conversation that you
guys should have on your hello guy set
me would you rather questions through my
Twitter page which John is gonna retard
Jonah Carey
yeah a little bit but that's I'll read
them to you and then you just read it
back to us
well it'll cut it out when I read it to
you rather become a stripper or instead
of the one hundred percent surfer so
you're basically stripping already no
I'd rather be a star really yeah
sorry you don't have to show your face
them guys can record people I don't want
would you rather have a swiping your
pants or sneaking a biter in my pants
both are poisonous yeah spider in my
pants dude a snake a poisonous snake
that's aggressive in you but a poisonous
spider in your pants
what if it attacks your genitals what
I'm gonna do from there well I would
assume it's down here it could be
anywhere in your bins they could be
right there I'll be spider damn really
yeah probably don't have anything really
to lose them never see your friends
again never get me use my phone again
rather parkour you're done or jump in a
pool full of shirt dude I can't watch
videos like that can you watch videos
where people aren't really high up
no I'd rather be back and get torn up by
shark yeah but for story to be city's
like what happened to David he got
ripped apart by sharks yeah what I meant
David he jumped off the Empire State
Building no that doesn't sound cooler
than everyone okay sorry that's how it
is
what happened David he jumped off the
entire thing for the good land about us
rather would you rather be alone for the
rest of your life or always be
surrounded by annoying people always be
annoying built like JA well those people
know we're asking Joan that please yeah
probably be I think with annoying people
yeah I feel like you view myself more
than a weed you start going crazy yeah
we start getting used selling people and
they just become a part of but you John
yeah I'm gonna see you every day he's
gotten to a point where just kind of
like we know we know what to expect
yeah a lot because like I can't put that
in because every goes silent and goes no
no it was me live without the internet
without the AC and you're gonna died
without eating so no eating or trying to
jump the pulling words like hahaha
rather get head in your back you a time
I want to try the moped thing what I'm
too scared of doing it look so fun when
you do that job that looks fun until
until you were in the hospital lose all
your friends and become a millionaire or
keep your friends living this long so
what's more important money Francie
that's better questions out there to
keep all my friends look at the slugs
you so clogged there's a bunch of me to
the next question
my um would you rather know when you're
gonna die or know how you're gonna die I
think when's if I know when but I know
I'll have my friend ready with a gun to
shoot me at that time why would he
because I'm scared of being like a
painful way back I'm scared there's
gonna be like a poisonous like rat
that's gonna eat this rather be
transported permanently so weird go do
rather be transported permanently 500
users to the feature of finally use into
the path to the future obviously but
there's there's a chance of the world
ended actually do go 500 years in the
path oh because we would be able to know
that we've done yeah be the richest man
in the world
would you rather Toddy's body or demon
stuff like that John is lying I would
use Tommy's body to get me David sense
oh my god dude your dicks right amount
but that's my hands
she rather be a giant hamster her tiny
right now pick up my leg I think's wrong
to make sure liked this video please
subscribe to our Channel and see more
stuff for me and all my friends sounds
because of Jordi thank you so much
should give you a lot myself I'm
watching all my videos I really
appreciate it and we'll see you guys
later and we'll see you guys later my
god Jonah smells really bad super gay
just just gas is flowing to your body
every moment
