peas where are we going to parties where
we're at do flies wanna see some magic
mm-hmm when I snap my fingers you're
gonna have food in front of you you
ready yeah hey what are you up to
John dude tired can we just talk - hey
guys
Aaron and Carly just posted I remember
my first youtube video what's ridiculous
is that we have to have our laptop like
this there's so much I just got a deal
on Instagram or someone asked me if I
want to be featured on their page it's a
bunch of like naked girls
oh hell yeah xxx is not your call the
magitek do that I just got a text from
Zane saying take out the trap it's full
you kidding me like who the hell does he
think we are
let's fucking Nate's not suggesting yeah
I know
oh my god no uh-huh
nope I'm out of here what's wrong he
another just all these kids come to her
like old pictures of me like oh my god
he was so cute what happened girl look
at this can you believe this is him oh
my he let himself go oh my god his teeth
were so white then he started smoking
what I'll get all funny
damn dippin Oh baby crisp likes to be
serious oh my gosh are you guys I come
here I got a deuce I gotta change these
people want me how I was 2 years ago
hey guys so it's just me Scottie and I
had a segment for you guys yesterday and
I forgot to press the record button with
the ridiculous
intro that we gave you guys I kind of
have to finish it off with me doing this
in the hot tub but as promised I was
going to do a shout out today a lot of
you didn't know how I was gonna pick but
I tweeted a random tweet yesterday and I
was gonna pick one person who retweeted
the tweet so for this video I'd like to
give a special shout out to a friend and
a fan
Ariana Jade she's hilarious you guys
should check her out she's witty funny
she's constantly keeping up with my
Instagram post my tweets so every week I
decided I'm gonna do something different
all my platforms you know sometimes I'll
do like a little challenge on snapchat
or something on my Instagram to kind of
see who I want to pick or next video
shot off so just make sure to follow me
on everything else just to keep up with
that make sure to LIKE this video make
sure you subscribe oh and I also decided
on posting Mondays and Thursdays instead
of Tuesdays and Thursdays because it
gives me more time to come up with good
enough footage for you guys so just you
know keep that in mind as always have a
good life
you
