get the camera okay so I'm gonna time
crunch have to write a rat for someone
right now and it's so stressful
you know what stressful what now your
hair is still white no stop it no he's
lying no you think you're gonna be stuck
in charge for 45 minutes and that's why
we were gonna go without you but I
didn't mean I didn't mean it back I want
to go now hurry let's go that is a damn
lot you look a little bit like a liar
today he's drunk again I believe you
I was busy uploading your vlog by the
way make sure to check that out I'll
leave the description below my vlog yeah
yeah I guess that yeah you like me now
right hey Scott where we're at once I
just say it welcome
grab them nachos they just left dumb
choice right there hey I don't see
nothing wrong
morning motherfucker - stop being a lazy
piece of shit at least I don't have load
nipples you take that back yeah fer I'll
tell you de you got your nipples pierced
you wouldn't you wouldn't God would
wouldn't you wouldn't do it please you
want to bet I'll pull my phone right now
get up on get up Oh get up no you're
naked so you guys aren't gonna believe
who's in my hot tub right now surprise
another cast member from the game of
Thrones
I swore off to your mother to protect
you how did you end up swearing for him
Santa
I am rid of Tom he you so dong
maybe it wasn't my fault yes it well who
did that it oh that's hey hey hey
I'll tell you who did it he did it he
did it exactly shame shame you need to
be a phone where are you going what
about me oh hey what is there room for
me at least say goodbye
you saw me I was vlogging Heath leaving
why why'd you have your camera out I
wasn't vlogging out yes you were can you
take a picture
I don't likes people stepping on my
shoes when I'm trying to vlog something
that I planned
Marda all right so he's Scotty and Tyler
are all gone from this house and I'm
here all alone just feel like something
is in this house because I keep hearing
shit every five minutes so I packed up a
bag and I'm gonna go to Carly and
Aaron's house for the night because I
don't want to get killed by any ghosts
so I just got here um the door's
unlocked but I don't think they would
mind if I just you know
okay
it fits me oh my god what are you doing
with a gun
there's guy fingers goes to my house
Kenny's here tonight oh damn reach
peanut butter guts in the Lamborghini
whoa you must have white bread let's
make a sandwich
I never seen money like you got nobody
got that kind of money in the food sue
if he set me up or show me the back
