what's wrong last night you're kidding
me right now you're not starting to like
that oh my god are you for real right
now yeah you're by the way I was on your
Twitter earlier and I saw you didn't
retweet Gabby
what I'm on the phone with Twitter
headquarters I'm just one fold away
Carly no okay
listen so mean these are watching this
fight right now and then just watch this
so look at she looks like she looks like
Cynthia from Riya and she picks her hair
back
dude this is crazy
yeah this should have been me and he
momma say when we grow older we could be
whatever we want so we decided we want
to be by the weenus
Oh
guys
you
all right we're gonna go through some
tumblr slash means something made the
furniture to this day actually
conspiracy theory I think he's one of
Shane Dawson's video that Lindsay Lohan
actually had a twin but she died and
they just didn't want to release the
movie so they made up a story how they
like people don't think the technology
was really there to do it so they she
died and that's why she's so much
animosity with her parents is cause like
it's a secret me at emo night from emo
night everyone I won air from you what I
to listen a favor search what Oh what
slutty white people like this is real no
that's probably a dog but dog you think
that's a dog there's a pair
you
