Oh Scott social experiment how do you
feel a lot of people think I don't have
a job but I actually do I run all the
social media for all the boys are the
popular bynars I mean they were popular
but not really anymore I brought errands
for them I have to get them coffee like
almost every day thing I got it I got
the to them
are you fucking kidding me I have to
drive around why is there a cop behind
me I'm recording you I'm recording you
all their social media every time what I
don't know what do kids got out of
school the best time no figure it out I
do their Instagram photos I edit their
vines all of their bluff hold on again
yeah be sort of sweet it's so stupid to
favor this yeah I mean need to be kind
of stressful sometimes and I mean we
usually get on pretty well my cyborg or
one it's been a week now you don't
Photoshop I still wanna die yet I take
the shot my app you didn't do any one of
the three of a con
Oh
yeah hi guys this is Scottie me and this
is our trick of the day st. in me ready
okay yeah up you should do the same
thing oh I didn't know the trick was hey
guys the sky siren me and me and Zayn
and we're gonna show you the trick of
the day what is the trick
ready and follow me three two that was
good I'm freaking out because if Game of
Thrones awesome
what the fuck you doin that in bed Shh
so fucking weird what are you doing
make sure to check out Scotty's vlog his
link will be in my description hey Scott
I know the whole like time-lapse thing
for your vlogs is like your thing but
can I just use it this one time to clean
my room yes
what my coop screen when you eat 200 why
down the rich superbattery stool that
was that's why I'm a good friend yes I
will need to poop Street is not healthy
oh cool brown buddy over miss cool beans
and rice like the Mexican the play will
straight share Oh
