I was doing a st. Impressionism just
like that you were like like I'll do
this is it alright so you know how our
favorite game is and like everybody it's
obsessed with it so you're going to we
like making pixelated fake people happy
all right we're gonna take ten minutes
something to say no the best roller
coaster and then show you guys off Oh
Paul's supposed to be supporting some
bangers it just wrote that's supposed to
support that it's completely ruined the
experience formula roller coaster yeah
let's not go never know oh we got fun
that box look and then look at that
stupid gift Zayn yeah yeah you can throw
that out I'll come over tomorrow your
whole apartment I mean I make these
models first before I build them on
rollercoaster tycoon
it was a very deep conversation like
five minutes ago we were talking about
everything that we like and don't like
about each other I start by saying what
do I think people don't like about me
that's a good way to put it
or on the room and say what do you think
people don't like I feel like I could be
a little bit sometimes and I give you
negative me a negative Chi cago and I
didn't do that impersonation of you yeah
you got really really I didn't think I
did anything wrong you're going through
the drug then like would he impersonates
me yeah I was doing an impression at
puzzles like that you were like well
like I'll do this he'll take a cup like
he'll do this he'll take the Ramon be
like David please devil's advocate or
what you say yeah it takes the other
side today I was talking about somebody
long as like I did that and I was like
dude that is not the surf of
is that Scott no I feel like I'm the
only one left that doesn't know the
information whether seeing each other
that's where Chris critters in my
bathroom every Govan in this video and
Matt hasn't seen yet Matt come here for
a second because we each one in the
coffin wants imagine we all started
dying in the order that we're all day
from down the street you know he was in
the light I need to go okay but if you
sign this the coffins of matches your
Tesla's I get really high
what are we doing you've been in London
for the past two weeks and I thought I'd
give you a little welcome-back gift
right now we're at somebody's apartment
complex you know you're saying go I need
someone you in your life you need
someone to see somebody I'll find them
on my own I'm a generous person I'm
gonna help you okay I want to take you
up to email this is not your typical day
oh I'm sorry I'm sorry I gotta I gotta
stay on this because I didn't favor does
mean I didn't see we keep our stuff
together a lot of beauty sleep
what do you mean together no me not yeah
no no music there's a look you see all
these pictures i warp into soon i love
today just weird alright kids I'll see
you later
sex all over the bed Jesus alright guys
watch it make sure like this video if
you enjoyed and subscribe to my chain to
see more stuff for me and all my friend
Charlie doesn't Merida thank you so much
for keeping up with all my summer
watching all my videos I really
appreciate it guys if you want to see
post a third video this week you have
this baby a thumbs up I got a video
ready to go I was gonna wait till Monday
to post it but why not just post a
Saturday and make it three videos the
speech sorry this is a lazy outro
there's nobody here to help me and I
cannot execute a joke oh my
I fell asleep I meant the flowers
Oh David she's dead so I woke up today
and he feels like same you look really
thin today like dude are you serious you
say hey look like you've been I'm like
oh we went on the scale he said get gone
skill let's see how much Eli I lost a
pound and a half
I think I get maybe lose about like I
know inside my body I'm not healthy at
all because I'm always say juice funds
I felt like you got so sick and I feel
like it's so bad for you when you're the
first like dare to you're gonna die then
once you get past that hump like you
start feeling so good like I had so much
energy my skin cleared up okay by saying
how much did you lose I lost six pounds
is that a lot for a week yeah I mean
it's probably fine for like a one-time
thing ya know anything I don't have to
come here in juice every day roommates
room she'll never know I want to be
around him the days he's like dying the
beginning I think so I just got the
second day is that like you're gonna
have the headache you're gonna be
miserable like we were your schedule
don't make plans don't do it's not like
it's a big deal you felt sick sick just
like starving I don't think I could do I
don't think I could do that either
okay um can't get your pool there
Viji
