I should see the setup movie how we have
like Oh big fancy lights we got a big
camera we got a mic and everything bleep
is that mic even on automatic we all
find out so today we're going to be
trying a woman's product because when do
we not where are we gonna get this stuff
I don't know go to my bathroom that's
your little surprise I know that you
have a little bit insecurities with your
no I would have bet it's your eye but
your little bag so doors you got me hi
bad cream but I think it helps this is
the Sonia cashew dramatically
brightening kadhai go to you pull its a
crayon I'm gonna do it dude you're
scaring me never seen eyes like this
before I'm eager to get my own packs
okay so for you I got my baby I got a
breast petal visions I have boobies this
is actually really good cuz I hate that
like my nipples like poke through my
shirt just like sticks out I mean I hope
it rips all that hair out first I didn't
know what this was until I read what is
the what is this oh it looks like it
okay no that's the wrong yeah you gotta
push hard that's what it is earphones
and oh release I always wanted to try
one of these sides kind of exciting when
I found to be you're free you pull this
oh you ready put it on your nose and
then you rip it all baby give me any
smarter than the package of the strip
won't stick on a dry nose oh he got my
drinking water there you go he'll strip
off plastic woman's project that's like
man does many to clean their pores - you
know there's one name all over the
package Bobby let these sloppy like yes
putting them out of business or maybe
minitrue remember what happened last
time you tried opening something like
that it should go faster oh I don't like
maybe woody why are you doing the top of
mine it nobody supposed to do this
what's the file them down my toenail
actually I don't know how when it's such
a weak we tried to stuff yeah oh my god
I wish you guys could see this right
here
mother that's it shaving everything on
this look at that file that callus
okay this must be you I know I sometimes
you know you get them little bull swings
bull bell that looks dry that wouldn't
feel good
uh-huh really hard you think we could
open it up oh my god it's a lot you know
those like things you like put in water
and then like go overnight like a
dinosaur's egg that holds in a lot huh
that's got some weight to it that's like
three pounds whoa it's not letting not
going through it guys this is our first
tampon oh wait this up so we're gonna
forget about bouncy the quicker
picker-upper I think it's time to rip
these all I'm gonna do it slow cuz it
hurts oh my god baby your skin's coming
off oh my god
but we got it's the off-brand CBS how
oil-absorbing sheet you just take him
it's kind of like a little pack of gum
right here you just open it on then
it'll come and wipe your face with
thanks off the oil baby okay this is
supposed to be a clean channel cuz I've
gone who can I was like eight times in
my life I've always put this thing over
your mouth and then they hold on I'm
gonna do it look
that's disgusting boy you know when you
take pizza and you a couple lotteries on
Americans that's what this chicken okay
I did too and the sweating up a grease
storm oh this is me trying really hard
which is pretty which is pretty good if
you don't have a lot to like 200 now you
want to be Ruben is trying to stay fat
okay you got your present it's not what
it looks like what I'm not playing with
that what is that let's have some fun oh
it's a roller you can't just pull it up
and just show me that you're acting like
that looks like something nasty it's not
gonna break the damn thing before you
get it out warming up with the glitter
learn Lots we're going to do the next
thing and I've seen all you haven't
doing this one and I needed to try don't
heat it uh-huh
it gets through your pores oh we just
freed our pores only on the nose we
could do the cheeks the forehead and
everything oh my god I love a country
baby it's the country up for you on wet
faced water it's gotta be a better way
than doing this oh yeah was it that hot
you just get super relaxed or is it just
means higher like I feel like I'm
walking through the poppy field in
Wizard of Oz guys I feel like higher
something next we're gonna do a colossal
I lost I'll make up fur it's right it's
eye mascara mascara I got for you I
don't trust you I'll do it to myself oh
no no nothing you're gonna stab me in
the eyeball Oh
that's a bit long eyelashes thank you
now that you have that I'm a bit I got
us a little present no I think I'll put
it in such a small right your girl's got
to go through a lot on this to go out
gotta do arts and crafts every time you
go I feel like I'm building something Oh
jump breath it rips out my eyelashes I'm
gonna be so busy you're gonna hate this
good it feels awful there you go think
it's hot I think it up thanks for
watching make sure to LIKE this video be
enjoyed and subscribe if you wanna see
me
get this shit off of me
don't just rig this it's this be careful
you're grabbing hold on never again I
don't know if it's hairy my mouth fake
hair in my mouth will you burnt all my
hairs off while burning my blood with
anything better we got some in your
mouth let me see baby come here
thank you baby
