you know what they say knick-knack paddy
whack paddy wagon daddy gas in the car
picked up the really bad kids ten
minutes just about like you can't get a
girlfriend you're saying oh I'm just
picky and I don't want anybody can use
paint this girl watch you for who you
are
she's using you I'm just tired of Ellie
likes you for you
okay so your boy just got a brain deal
with blue Avery's because they saw me in
this video and they liked the way I cook
you got it they like because you eat
good you've got the three-person family
plan you live here alone
the single person to plan or do you want
the three person three family meal deal
offered me two but I took the three
better get it they probably thought I
was gonna invite you over to eat too so
to cook everything blue apron is
basically a service where if you don't
want to order food from restaurants or
grocery shopping nobody like going
around trying to be like what am I gonna
put in this no baby they send you
everything you need all the perfect
proportions no you don't need anything
else to cook all you need is a security
tencel's like pots pans spatulas you
literally give you exact measurement of
yes then and then a step by step
ingredient list it's got the little
checklist and pictures to follow as you
go through it there are now eight
recipes to choose from each week and you
can choose any combinations that you
love and they're constantly updating on
their recipes so you don't have to eat
the same thing every thing is 500 cause
I was like no the cucumber is not 500
calories it's you such a good chef
that's a cucumber this is a cucumber
yeah this is the king by the way the
first one cheap people that sign up will
get $40 off for your first two weeks of
blue apron make sure to check out the
link in the description box below okay I
think isn't that one
you're not serious right now saying I
swear thought ahead what a damn shame I
thought I had because you took all you
took all the pots and pans I'll say
supposed to do okay so I kept some here
so I can I don't know need a slotted
spoon you have to cut the chicken you
have to cut vegetable yeah I gotta cut
the chicken with it with a knife I need
knives too
let's get crackin on this dig at the
family plan Jesus Bible what do we need
today we're gonna be cooking the spiced
tomato and coconut shake examples of
what my family likes see that little
eastern stop it all works together it
all it all makes sense this quick Indian
recipe cuz Indian is my favorite food
because it's long simmered flavor from a
special flavor sweet tomatoes I can't
wait to get started
I can't wait for you all right we're
ready to start cutting
I'll get the zucchini you get the garlic
that's not fair because last time I cut
garlic my hands smell like garlic for a
week and a half exactly I want you to
hate I hate maybe you didn't even know
it was a zucchini you keep saying
cucumber look at it anybody would say
this is a cucumber look at it look at it
I'm seeing it baby you wouldn't even
know how to cut god I'll cut it just
give me gloves you really don't have no
no no I'll do the garlic you like that
reverse psychology no no yes you want it
you're not serious the same just cut the
garlic and wash your hands
oh my god I want to cut it doctor remove
all of the the wrapping paper yeah baby
all the wrapping paper baby you can't
use all the pots of the tripod ah
because we need the code
 how we need to start placing on
we have to start fixing on it I'll see
you every day yeah we kiss each other
yeah we haven't had a sleepover at my
new house yet what about my place can I
show it a rough chop looking at nice
works me thank you man who taught me
this Chef Ramsay Gordon oh okay wait how
much garlic did it say to do this that's
two cloves of garlic we done did it
again so we weren't supposed to cut all
that this is the easiest thing we should
be I don't know why we messed up get
excitedly excited because we know this
he'll be good don't cook it when you're
too hungry either cuz you probably
planted it right yeah you know I want to
cook with your best friend either
because you guys are gonna start
laughing it how like a British do you
got it cook by yourself or cook with
someone you hate because you want
concentrate on the food put a big pinch
of salt is that a pinch oh my god
cup of water seriously like somebody
does your grocery shopping for you and
they don't waste it cooks exactly where
you even made like a sauce the other day
and I needed milk so I had to buy a jug
of milk and all I needed was the milk
for that and then I threw the rest of it
out I couldn't go to a restaurant
together for this cheese no you can
listen to yourself you're gonna go to a
grocery store buy all these ingredients
come home you don't even use that you
got thrown out cuz it gets moldy a song
I get blue apron is sent you exactly
what you need you could you eat it the
next day it's all gone II ordered
another one it's literally cooking for
kids you can't go wrong unless it's
almost exactly oh my god we don't even
need deny he's saying we bought the
knife for no reason they go above and
beyond we bought the second knife for no
reason we didn't think the blue apron
did this much but they do go above and
be all I'm saying is you got stuff for
the next woman baby we can add the
chicken dry oh yeah blue apron
ambassador but he can't give love the
way they treat his me be careful with
the jus you don't want to eat it all you
want to make sure it's cooked all the
ways you don't want to get vanilla salt
pepper and curry powder
but first lobster loose on your hand you
don't want to touch other food because
that causes
you smell that solve it oh my god Xing
yes give you a good amount of curry -
have you ever seen a grown man with a
road like this
keep playing with don't play with your
food
yeah look at that okay look it on the
camera from your mini screen saver for
my next step
zucchini got it right baby oh wow
goulash ya'll goulash yeah look at the
rice in it oh my god
oh shut up here we go Wow Zayn guys you
can either eat this or bathe them like
you bring a girl over and he said you
cook it and she comes into this keep
wearing in diversity to the table today
same time you can't cook this at home
never that's amazing
I saw say every time I've ever cooked
the blue apron meal it's never been bad
every time I've been surprised at how
good it is because it's fresh ingredient
right blue apron thank you so much for
sponsoring this all right guys thanks
for watching make sure you like this
video if you enjoyed it subscribe to
mention if you want to see more stuff
for me and all my friends shall we go so
Alex you so much for keeping up with all
myself and watching all my videos I
really appreciate it I just want to say
that sorry that I've been slacking on
videos for the past like three weeks I
feel like I feel like a bit uploading
once instead of twice a week and there's
just a lot going on right now or in the
process of trying to find a place to
live that's not my apartment because my
apartments lease is about to expire and
try to figure that out also when it
comes to March I've been pushing out my
stuff lately it's because I'm working on
something new right now I don't want to
tell you guys until it's kind of closer
to the day it's almost ready and I can't
wait for you guys to see stuff I hire
you guys also I want to say is
apparently a lot of people aren't
getting like notifications when I pose
so make sure to click that build on my
channel so you get notified whenever I
post because apparently people that are
subscribed I don't show up on your
subscription unless you keep up with
every single one of my videos which is
hard for anybody to do because everybody
is busy doing their own thing schoolwork
whatever so that's kind of I don't know
why they did that but yeah just make
sure to click that bell and it'll notify
you whenever I post and yeah that's it
they just wanted to give you a little
update on what's going on and I'll see
you guys
mr. fuller
