catfish team catfish team assemble was
that an hour ago this is an hour after I
posted the video you asked people people
no no I didn't find it people found it
how did they find her no she hasn't
respond to anything I was waiting for
you guys to come home she's a real I
know like it's so embarrassing for her
do you like cute pictures on your
Instagram what if she looks up your
Instagram you post something cute today
I mean I I have like a photo of me no
it's like akika it's a baby you already
forgot it come on take a Latifah Iike
Latifah is less believable than a Viera
baby this go back go back go back oh
nice picture phone yes it is her I
understand that but like are we sure the
server is just someone else that just
watched a video made in account if the
post is today then obviously you know
it's fake oh yeah this is like that last
one when was that I knew arey 220s yeah
we just got linked to another catfish
Latino kike Latif sounds fakest shit you
got me all worked up and excited what
people were saying it was misty could
she's posting a bunch of One Direction
yeah come on Kiku okay this is already
more real than the other account because
yes one has a lot more pictures and
they're older pictures okay so when you
go to this recent picture which was
taken November 29th you go to the scroll
that she tags this girl thought the
Twitter page was kind of fake bunch of
all on Direction what she's a One
Direction fit to the girl does in the
picture was yeah oh there's another huh
Kiki let's see she oh this is the one
that got sent to me so now what's this
one I don't know maybe she does have a
fan account maybe she is somebody no
because why didn't she pop up that but
in her Kiki Latif this name
her name is Nikita oh my god she is
famous
no she's a kike let's eat I think this
is her what is it I think maybe she has
a line out that's why she's been someone
told me in the college says she's from
Australia sales assistant but she works
at Topshop hold on she had same SS
employee at Topshop sec there's a bunch
of pictures of yours is their actual
comp but it's private just through each
other by followers though doesn't make
sense it's just fan accounts I'm
confused she's a LinkedIn that's pretty
this is getting more and more weird yes
I'm going Australia next month you want
to come back oh my god if you go with
and you meet her why are people
commenting on it like it is though look
there's another one right here kike zayn
i'm solo solo this is the deepest like
catfish this is crazy we can't even
figure out this girl but why was the
real one commenting on the fake one like
right this is our Pinterest page fake he
wants to get married too much no baby
Middle Eastern that that's my type of
girl I'm Middle Eastern too bad if
people are just seeing the comments and
they're posting or anything so one
person everyone call every Topshop in
Australia no no that's what she used to
do so what I'm going to do is I'm going
to all her on her private Instagram I
got the best bet it's the best bud okay
yeah eternity I was just gonna ask that
huh kaya all right so she's going
through Mercedes calling last pictures
and seeing if she finds her own worth on
page 10 of 176 oh my god when you go to
her page you go to this picture she's
wearing a branch like just some brand go
to the brand they posted her apparently
her name was kike underscore kike for me
for change day to that now she's tagged
in it and they also follow her account
so it's can we talk about how Emma
Watson's in one of these pictures
oh dude says Emma Watson I was like no
way but she's right here that's not Emma
Watson what you're gonna be fucked I
can't tell it's too goddamn pixelated
haha all right so Accokeek over your
seat Emma Watson with some Mercedes
College no this is sports we need to go
to the school like the school photos why
are we steering away from over trying to
figure out and trying to see where Emma
Watson with Akiko Latif right there I
searched till she's in the back row oh
my god that's her the next steps are
tickets to fire one else can we good
Australia let it marinate like let her
reach out she's probably patted that
little boy in the wring your neck
that's her it that that is a
confirmation that's her she didn't
follow you though she turned she watched
the whole YouTube video why would she
follow me there's no reason to follow me
she's probably waiting for you to say
something and she's obviously she knows
you have a crush on her the least she
could do after all the work you put in
this is the moment guys so i DM draw on
instagram and we talked a little bit i
wanna get too much detail we're just
kind of like discussing will habit and
she gave me her number and i got a face
timer in six minutes do I look good I
already know exactly since I'm Marvin
Klein model now I have an image to
uphold you know now my hashtag my
cowman's on yes I am it's okay baby be
jealous
we're all right huh okay
we honestly thought it was gonna be just
be another cat face someone else was
just gonna answer she could screen
record something of that girl talking
and it's matching up with what you're
saying so when you first saw I posted
the video what was your reaction did you
feel bad at all I'm just curious because
when we uh when was happening to us at
first thought was oh my god we gotta
record this right like okay guys I think
I really really think this is a cafe
something wrong and he does like all
your camera you have to record this I'm
like at this point I'm not even talk to
anybody anymore this is now a video new
it was a catfish like once it got to a
certain point so we were like okay let's
keep laying with this person until ya
really figure it out exactly like in the
background we were still kind of like I
think she's like what if she's real like
so bad it's like that person was you
uh-huh
we were calling about like oh you're
fake you're fake send me a video you're
hopping hopping this is mom
this is Mariah this is he Joe I'm
guessing you don't work in a cafe right
what do you do do you work at top man
yeah we did it we did a lot of research
on you Emma Watson we know they went to
Mercedes College you're gonna see all
this when you watch the video we did
intense research on your life you know
everybody that went to your school some
people out there like knew you like from
the video they're like oh my god I know
we saw a couple comments from people
saying oh my god I can't believe you got
catfished by my friend they thawed you
and they were hitting up your friends
whoa oh we're here we're talking to you
face to face we see that you're real
hopefully right you're not like a
hologram right the quality of this is
really yeah
still um want to you still want to meet
up after third period we have an
important question to ask you that you
got a boyfriend or single there are
children missing for years and they
found you in and out I can't help it
this looks so funny
imagine this went so far where I flew
out to you and then when I got to you
you're just like yeah yeah calm and I
got to you and you're just like I have a
boyfriend then that would look really
like that bitch we would have a run in
this is fine nobody knew you had a
boyfriend you had him very well on
social media shame to him why don't you
put him on social media that's the one I
followed yeah all right well let's see
it was very nice to meet you what he
wants to say is if your boyfriend and
you don't work out and then then hi
all right Akiko you have a great night
okay I'm gonna start to something
actually oh it's good
Yeow hooot I always shake them and you
were always a cop okay look I got to
edit this shit see y'all later okay I
will alright alright guys thanks for
watching make sure to LIKE this video if
you enjoyed it and subscribe function if
you want to see more stuff for me no my
friend shall we go so lane thank you so
much for keeping up with all myself and
watching all my videos I really
appreciate it baby you hanging in there
right dude I'm good you know it's cool
exactly yeah you know me man I got this
oh okay no maybe you allergic to cat
hisses Oh
