I'm so scared but in the game compose
yourself hi Shelly
um this is a various cousin I was
wondering if she was working today okay
Jose Matz with a girl on bumble and you
know they hit it off they've been
texting like three times why don't they
like this looks like this is gonna be a
catfish blog really experiencing
something that seems a little fishy
bumble just like swiping away you can
show the picture I don't know I think
that's weird
put it in now and then I'll decide when
we have reason to believe that I'm being
catfished right now it's an exciting for
me they should call me boy I think it's
more fun to do it ourselves then to let
him have all the fun of like doing that
deceits exactly right so this is in a
promo almost like hey we really didn't
like that on integration it's a bad
exposure so this is real name dobby era
or Avera it was really cute she matched
with me and I was really excited ride
the text oh okay okay so we're talking
on bubble it's okay in the beginning you
know just like being very very dry cuz
that's uh that's that's one thing if
you're a catfish you're not gonna be dry
right you would try to like make like
over the top you're looking for
attention thank you exactly like oh
she's a she's a tough girl okay I'm
gonna have to work a little bit on my
hand so she throws her number at me like
without me asking friends I'm just like
oh okay cool I'm having second doubts
though I was like but wait like what if
I give her my number and it's like some
like crazy person yeah I do that he was
like wait what's your Instagram so he
gets the Instagram because it's said in
the bio like astronaut astronaut test so
that's what I did so she gave it to me
and it was on private I had to adarand
per page was really one of the pick none
of okay servers the first picture is
from August 8th which is like a couple
months ago I mean that's not there's
people that delete our pictures I've
there's I've seen II is not yet ready to
delete her pictures number one I get it
I get why it will delete their pictures
it's just like it's just oh no you want
to start fresh every month
and delete your pictures yeah also none
of her pictures on bumble are on her
Instagram it's all different pictures
before I text our ask for inserts use
the Instagram and I tell you she goes
that's got a lot of work but yeah it's
pretty uneventful now but yeah it gives
me our Instagram I don't hit her back up
because I'm I always like editing all
day yesterday she goes if I weirded you
out and you don't want to text me I get
it
she's already being like really into
here yeah I was like what no you know
you didn't I'm just like working right
now but I'll text you later and she goes
okay yeah just text me whatever you free
soy texture well first off this is first
on my texture so the pictures on her
bumble they're super clear their iPhone
pictures like there's there's just no
way they're not seen on Android and I
know damn well her friends aren't taking
pictures and sending her the bit like
come on time sloths are really far apart
because like I was doing I was doing
shit and it just wasn't happening it was
just really drying beginning and so I
was like hey sorry I just spoke guy she
starts complaining about her job yeah I
have to work two jobs blah blah blah
life sucks a little damn she's
complaining already oh yeah well that's
life we're good were crouched she's like
small town Illinois and that's it
nothing with that house ah ballpark
she's like champagne or what same time I
don't think this is her because her face
us imagine she's talking doesn't seem
like a girl that looks like that would
talk it's really weird to explain but
like authors agree this girl's pictures
does not match with this to real city
with okay I'm trying to keep the
conversation going like so you working
now and she goes I am why and I don't
respond back as I was at the gym today
she goes pretty awkward I'm like what I
was just trying to keep it conversation
she goes you're not trying to hook up
midday are you I was like what I'm so
confused I'm just seeing what you're up
to just to keep the conversation going
up with the gym and she goes sorry if I
came off her but I get it a lot I'm just
expecting so she's super conceited not
sorry
um oh sorry I just get a lot everybody
was so this was my test I wasn't going
straight for I was right well I mean if
she's not a catfish I'm just gonna
invite her out tonight for Anna's
birthday it's gonna be a bunch of people
there so I was like hey scenario you
don't want like a one all wise yeah it's
a friend's birthday today everyone's
going out would you like to are you free
you and your friends can come meet us
there so think I don't usually meet
people from bumble without having a
conversation or talking to them over the
phone it's weird but it's safety
personal reasons I was like I mean that
make sense but I didn't I just went
straight for it she's just like cuz I
don't meet random guys from bubble after
a day of minimal conversation okay well
smiley face gets really defensive and
I'm what you call somebody they'd be
like Oh a catfish no like ha ha ha
that's really funny I was like it's not
that I just have a feeling your pictures
argued from bumble I'm like Can we
FaceTime she goes yeah and she goes I
get off work in two hours oh we on her
bumble says she works at a certain cafe
her Instagram she's holding an iPhone
she was like sitting here with green
bubbles I know in his office phone let's
go to the cafe she works at yeah it says
where she works so we were like oh my
god we should just go stop by and like
see if she's working let's just have
Mariah going if she doesn't know who she
is oh and see if she's working yeah the
cropping or whatever pictures that's a
white bar on the bottom which means it
was screenshot why do you need a
screenshot your own picture to put
pictures on bumble are on her Instagram
here we go
I think we should go oh my god she says
he works two jobs Oh what if I just said
you got off work at the cafe
no you better slicker something like oh
god I can't imagine making coffee for
two more hours
my other job and you could be like oh
what's that like if it's not that one
she's like yeah I know I hate being a
barista you think okay you know that's
where she is oh I can't imagine you can
coffee all day making coffee all day
long haha with a smiley face because you
don't want to scare up over here or is
she over here I'm waiting for this
response and as soon as we get that text
we are boom we are going to but I feel
like she's gonna catch this and just be
like this is me she wants to share
location oh and we also we tried reverse
image searching and nothing came up so
that's another thing that makes it a
little bit even real people the do
pictures pop up and you it's real but
it's not
there's no it's not linking to another
Instagram or anything it shit she gets
like 200 likes per picture and you go to
the page in the lights you go to the
following none of them follow her so she
replied but she completely ignored the
fact of like oh like like coffee thing
in the whole face scientist she was just
like you can add me on snapchat now we
said fuck it we're just gonna call the
cafe and Mariah's gonna ask right now
she's worked in her name how to
pronounce I'm so scared but in the game
compose yourself hi Shelly
um this is a various cousin I was
wondering if she was working today I'm
you did it my color yes a Verya Ameri oh
no buddy works there by that name yeah
okay thank you so much so she maybe it's
Elvia I even typed in that name nobody
in the world has this name it's a last
name that was weird that she was like oh
Elvia
stop seein how do we get to the bottom
of this I don't know oh there's anything
to do at this point she's not there
maybe she goes by Avi no no cuz her net
her full name is in the application but
I mean if that's just another co-worker
that doesn't know her full name you know
what I mean avi is her Instagram is a VE
I'm just gonna be straight up I'm just
gonna stop her and see if she saw see
that yeah area exam you see it's my face
can you send me a selfie holding a peace
sign and putting you're talking like
this I know your work okay by saying
that was amazing of location put the
camera you got responded and that's a
picture though that mean that you know
it's me yeah ready yeah fake look at all
my juice all blurry that picture was
she's supposed to be at work if she was
in the car come on now what are you
doing taking pictures in your car that
you're supposed to be at work for the
next two hours goofball you know uniform
she had nothing yeah should I send
another stop saying reply back in a
video uh we're getting to the bottom of
that send me a video supervise back I'm
real alright so he said Jerry videos me
saying just let me a video back like I
want to say hi and she's set back an
audio message which means one she's
faking - she's mad cuz it's gonna be
like you don't believe it's me like why
am I so nervous
for that okay
okay oh that's a kid theme at the
toddler okay that's a kid that's a
little boy boy I'm gonna say I don't
know you know he's got did I just invite
a toddler to come out with us tonight
love what do we do
what did where do we go from here
without getting in trouble ask him to
meet up after third period even if
people in the background they're like 12
this kid's 9 years old yeah I just got
played by toddler he's being reported to
the cyber police sir I have recorded
this all on candid camera
I'm calling the police and you will be
arrested he tells his mom all right guys
thanks for watching make sure liked this
video if you enjoyed it and subscribe to
my channel week goes to angel thank you
so much TV on all myself and watching on
my videos I really appreciate a you
would angel yeah to end this video it's
um it's really weird being catfished I
felt like I feel used you feel like no
no no I don't feel you I feel kind of
gross that like it was like a little boy
do any of you know who this girl is
please try to help yeah I'd like to just
I just want to have I just want to talk
with I think it'd be a really good
icebreaker
Oh get that pad out I don't know I just
miss Xavier oh yeah story like that it's
the opposite I was the catfish he was
using like this models picture like this
super hot guy catfished a girl she found
out and then the real guy ended up like
seeing what happened and fell in love
with that girl damn that's cute as hell
