already from this point on this video is
sponsored by smart house from the
University Games smart ass is an
outrageous fast-paced party game to
enjoy friends and family this game is
all new over 400 new question cards you
can pick up smartass at most retailers
across the US or online play with up to
six people find out who's the smartass
among your friends and family this is a
sponsor code so we gotta keep our custom
even though it's called smart ass no way
each question of the clues the first
player to yell the correct answer wins
the round and takes a step closer to
being the ultimate smart up David are
you listening yes I was listening no you
weren't listening if I was we could I do
this the oldest player is the reader and
ask the first question everyone rolls a
tumbled category died over in the county
where the first question lose what am i
green is where am I orange
and you ready to roll dawg yeah happy
alright guys we've been playing they
came home for the past 20 minutes so we
had some where's one turn you got a head
and you're like I'm turning I'm winning
you made one who well the first one
since you've landed on the blue color
yes I pick up the one am i blue card
because I date back to ancient Greece
scientists use me a lot music and film
expertise meet you some say I am
unproven or even inspectors but you love
this the Coliseum no damage or the loser
dog I'm signed had a lot of me
relativity is one of my famous ones when
I my with the initial team okay the tub
that the Thomas Edison school on mind
your saying what am i I'm The Telegraph
to theory now the person who wrote this
category dying gets to who here's the
smartest actually though the flight of
the for you Scott right okay can't swear
in a category you don't get to answer
the question next time where am I
because it's green and the car
discreetly mean Scott you are standing
or sitting on me right I am named after
a Norse guy people thought I was the
center of the universe 3 yes even this
is a shape I'm actually having a really
good time too thank you so much that's a
good game I'm digging it it's like we
don't do this often you know you know
what I really love board games was just
there roll the dice green you know what
that means
it means very mine I am a fun place I
have a bigger police force than the city
and Nixon dedicated my transportation
system I am a filmmakers vanity project
I am just as popular now as I was in the
1950s you might meet Mickey and his pals
here who said Disneyland me you better
Oh
you have to stop curse if I get sick I
swear to God I am a European country
your
drought
had a monarchy for a thousand years if
you speak my language leggo means play
well well a Little Mermaid was written
here there is a breed of dog named for
me I am home to a most melancholy Prince
there is a breakfast a street named for
me - - I'm not like too much this is a
lot yeah holy it's you cheated you know
we do cheese and sauce most people don't
want me as a roommate bull in uniform
tents are delicious I'm a cartoon
character I am a rodent I have one true
love I have my own Club I debuted in
Steamboat Willie I wear white gloves red
shorts and yellow shoes he had his own
Club yeah are you talking at the club
eight minutes long
you're a bunch of side conversation I
was like there's no way to anything I
just didn't think he's capable and he's
killing it I'm so proud whatever I could
be a mode of transportation my first
captain was a nobody I was used by the
American military in 1776 I can also be
eaten as a sandwich
bearson either have I seen before before
Oh one two three four he landed on the
hard-ass guard which means we have to
pick up a hard-ass they have to read
that question to him and if he gets the
question right and he gets to pick up
text again and go again if he gets it
wrong let me just go back to play lagoon
detonate when part of the oceans floor
suddenly shifts its place due to an
earthquake landslides or volcanic
activity what are the resulting waves
called
seismic waves you know tsunamis oh shoot
a man you're a loser you're a dumbass
and the leader of a country my country
was a socialist world power bomb my
country helped make the Cold War pull
don't say anything because you've got it
wrong mr. Trump and either on 60 minutes
the same night the full answer only did
half the answer can we like split it's
the same person be honest you're gonna
be defensive you're very slow picking up
things Judy you rolled it and I went
down roll the dice in Shelby County five
minutes and you're back nothing you're
not gonna go to three you're just not
it's a two-minute promo you're shooting
a 45-minute word game is gonna be cut
into two minutes what show me what you
want me to do right Shelby
duh yes for honestly you miss my
reaction you look like squirrel why are
you always and when I see you guys make
sure to go get the game smart this is
actually a lot of fun Michael B my
description below if you want to go get
it and yeah maybe you'll have more fun
with your friends and we did sponsored
Passover I'll talk about for the haircut
that I got you liked it I just didn't
know if you were like I don't know like
losing hair a little bit stressed out
for the past three months
we have a birthday weekend ahead of us I
know I keep getting saying the past one
and our entire weekend in Vegas is
tomorrow from our birthday and I don't
know what's gonna cure you though and
work backstreet's back I just get all
about you boys this past weekend in New
York and Boston people yeah we went for
David and Jason's podcast live show
magda long for the moral support and it
was very interesting I love is like
while they're like similar cities like
the crowds were like very different
York's crowd was like they were really
like off front and center that girl like
chatter less oh we were so alive at that
climb on what did she hide she told me
that she had thyroid cancer and I
hopefully I get that right it's why she
like lost her leg she brought it with
her friend and I was like oh what better
way to our attention is she goes I'm
gonna do I'm gonna take off my leg like
every cannibal moving why you do that
was the most uncomfortable situation
I've ever been in my entire life yeah
because like you can only have like two
guests in the other room we had like
eight people I swear signing us all
exactly and the doorman manager was just
like it was so pissed I you said there
was that one girl there who like
recognize you but was like you can't
film in there and then pulls out her
phone immediately and starts recording
Oh
Hannah hell ouch I know that you're like
the dorm-room
official heathens blog went out and
she's just like went up to this girl's
door and one of the roommates like did
not want all of us in there and everyone
was saying that she's so mean and I was
just like oh she's so crazy and she had
like all her medication on her desk
which is a terrible thing to do about
other people's mental medication and
there was this girl there who was like
oh yeah what kind of medications you on
the girls like look at all of it right
and she had like all these girls meds in
her hand we just hear the door open
no no no we didn't even hear the door
open she walks in a moment her face it's
right this would like right this far
away from me turn and the girls just
would like stone cold like society were
describing her like oh she's so mean
she's like the worst person ever and
we're like how bad is she gonna be right
when she walked in just the look
immediately knew like this is the girl
but the girl had a better ass this
argument doesn't really support itself
does it you know what I'll go and I'll
edit like the first sentence and I was
like this girl is not good in - she's
like tomorrow at noon I'm like the
people that are in that room that live
in that get on the elevator with us
we're all like what are you guys doing
like you need to go back to your
roommate just watch you need to stay
there we thought that she was gonna back
her up at that moment where the cameras
and everybody was just like so nians I'd
never been there before but they are
such characters after the show usually
when people after show people have like
cars and no like leave immediately can't
hang around outside because like that
security-wise you can't like a bunch of
people running around everywhere yeah
Scott's like I'm hungry I'm hungry am i
Scott like it's not a good idea to go
outside right now we have to like kind
of in this out like do it the best
routes when he's like oh I'm just gonna
go like well fuck I'm gonna go with you
to get out everyone is outside and the
streets are right there and I was like I
felt like I looked pissed I was actually
worried and
because it was like it was so cool and
it was like so awesome to see everyone
but like everyone was out in the street
and so I'm just concerned about
everyone's safety like kids are with
their parents
there was running everybody's mom like
running with her daughter who was
running to try to get picture up she's
like you got a Walkman set you want to
get a picture you gotta walk like really
stressed we're like running back to like
the car and about that moment for the
rest of the tour just like making a
toast guys
you got a walk all right guys watching
make sure you like this video if you
enjoyed it subscribe to mention if you
want to see more stuff for me and all my
friends Charlie goes to Emily thank you
so much for keeping up with all myself
and watching all my videos I really
appreciate it so anything's off if we
all didn't learn one thing in this video
that is to if you feel like troubles
nearby what do you do
guys look at the road that's all you
hooked us up with look at that very nice
Thank You Tommy oh yeah you do you Bobo
