guess what I'm posting in 10 minutes so
guess where silver squads gonna be first
it's gonna be my thing cuz it's on my
channel first yes this is do you know
what this is gonna be my intro it's good
I'm gonna film me watching it so I can
post it to them four three two what just
do he's heading a pub for five minutes
oh yeah you keep going like weird
let me tell you about Heath's child go
what's wrong with you serious why she
found the dog really like peanut butter
that's gross
why do you call a dog chicken I don't
understand how does that mean it doesn't
remind me of a chicken muffin at all
when I see her it's your eyes check sir
that sounds really like chick-fil-a
breakfast I could see that being in like
a KFC chicken muffin she come up with a
chick muffin no I should do a video of
me making a chicken look that's a good
idea
I should be in the video since I you
should do a video with Shannon you
should get peanut butter too I kind of
forced myself on that thing I wasn't you
supposed to be with David adjacent I
kind of invited myself Charlie has a
very deserving not really disturbing
story
like a friend of a friends it did happen
to me did happen to the front happened
to her friend I know it sounds like it's
not real but I promise it probably
already said the story to me but my jaw
was dropped you hear in movies my
friend's friend was like in Ohio or
something she was dog sitting horse it
was his family it was just like a
married couple adopted dog that's pretty
old so this is the first time they left
the dog to go on vacation and I guess
the dog had like some sort of like
separation anxiety or whatever and so as
soon and the parents got on the plane to
leave a friend was just at the house
living whatever and she looked over and
the dog was literally just dead I didn't
know that separation anxiety died I
don't really know I think it was like a
combination of being old and like
reliant on people this girl doesn't
drive at all so she's like I don't know
what to do with this dog like do I bury
it like try to like taking an uber like
she called her friend and the friends
like well you can't bring a dead dog in
an uber like is there anything you can
put it into like take transportation to
event or something and so he finds a
suitcase this dog is like a medium sized
dog yeah so she didn't really she didn't
really have much of an option at this
point she was just like I'm by myself
with a dead dog suitcase so she puts the
dead dog in the suitcase you go to a
train station she has to take the train
yeah she's going down this like big set
of stairs to get to the Train and this
guy is like watching your struggle with
it's it's pretty heavy and he's like you
need help with that like I could take it
down for you which is like no no it's
fine it's fine I guess like halfway down
the stairs and she's like I can't carry
this so she has the guy carry it down
the hall and he says he's like I'm
really sorry like if there's you don't
tell me anything but like well I just
want to know like why is your suitcase
so heavy on the table read she's like oh
it's a laptop it's an iPad it's like all
these electronics is really heavy and
he's like okay so she gets on the train
go to where she needs to go
doors open up in the guy knowing it's
electronics tastes the suitcase and runs
off thanks a suitcase and leaves in the
plane on their way to wherever they're
going their dog has died been on a train
dead in a suitcase now been stolen by
somebody
okay I got a bunch of like chronic
weapons up it's a day you think he got
before he realized that it was a story
has been in Cosmo enough cuz it was so
ridiculous that's insane
I'm still mindful in fact this guy said
there's a bunch of electronics in there
over the biggest karma anyone can ever
what's so sad is that this guy just
threw to the side of the road obviously
it was such a beloved pet sorry that was
a hard story for anybody to hear but
this insane
holy if you're the guy who stole
the dog or the guy I want to talk to him
real quick what we're going sideways on
virgin trying to buy a flag over at is
making him airlines he got a virgin and
you could go to the moon a spaceship
shaped like an airport like it's you
look at it it looks like a big giant
like airplane one day you're just like
you know what instead of going Hawaii
let's go to the moon apparently you just
hate 250,000 dollars to get on Virgin
Galactic what's insurance policy unlike
if you take a whole plane and there's a
bunch of passengers that are just normal
humans not actually let me fly this
rocket birds and Alexa this is real
amazing guys respect imagine like
bopping them I like someone connected to
why
million dollars I hope you like it just
goes in space and then comes back down I
don't think so
there's no I think you land on the moon
why be quarter of a million dollars so
just fly by the moon you've seen
everything you've done everything why
not wrong with 25 million just but just
imagine the middle of the show just like
we're having feel like you're pulling to
the earth where does that other plane go
so can we get like two trips like all
right we're gonna
Zayn's go into the mirror they're like
guys this flight is over bucks how long
should anybody want to go to the moon
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure like this video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to my channel to see more
stuff for being all my friends out of
the week goes to Scott so whoever is
here though thank you so much for
keeping up with all my son watching all
my videos I really appreciate it hey
Scott do you have anything else to add
before we conclude this lovely
at Chicago can we talk about it right
now for New Year's let's try to convince
everyone not to go Chicago right heat
its dumbest thing what do you think
David I think what we should do is
instead of spending money on flights and
rooms and everything like that get a
tent and everyone goes and buys a 2000
dollar really shitty car we drive them
into the desert good idea Scott we
should do that this guy your good idea
much better than Chicago okay so he's
idea the whole fireworks out camping she
thought was your idea you don't have to
you don't have to give credit those your
idea I'm not getting credit good thing
that's a good starting I mean it's okay
but well we want to crash some cars and
like drive them off a ramp whoo she got
like tents and camouflage stuff and and
and fishing we should go fishing for New
Year's yeah I love fishing it's one of
my favorite things to do and ya know I
do it all the time too I go to a lake
that's out in like um it's our loved
where yeah where do you go fishing tell
me it's like somewhere on a lake I think
Michigan that you go Lake Michigan yeah
yeah it's really nice and we go early in
the morning so we can fish and cups of
big fish because they come out during
the morning alone I think the biggest
like I've ever been on was Lake Pacific
Ocean yeah me too what sure you came up
with that you're sure what sure oh you
can't even show my goddamn immersion oh
yeah yeah yeah there it is black square
with me
