Oh Oh my head aya you're not even paying
attention where are you looking you're
not looking at me you're not looking at
the cameras just halfway in the grass
right now you're late
I didn't mean to be late you only have a
couple hours to gather to see me and
you're late since I came late and you
know we have only a couple hours and I
was my bad as that payback how about you
take the oh you won't let me drive your
car but your card is on my car okay
that's my stepdads car it's like either
a cardigan or a burka it's going to be
really hot or really really hot you know
always a GPS poor thing you can't do two
things at one time if you want to bump
another car baby that's content for me
okay she's interrupting us absolute
diamonds bar announced today I'm 24
years old I tie the ball but he still
criticize my driving so you can't finish
it like
but he wants it to be your fault you're
not being nice you think he'd be happy
it's like I knew I'd rather Dunkin
Donuts yeah I don't have doors where I
live I'm sorry I recently went on we're
able to find you a husband while you're
there there should be way more than
enough time to find you that's bored and
reason they can't speak proper English
properly oh how is that good what are
you 16 by the way guys he's already too
old and I'm a little behind schedule
like 30 here a little too old for my
theme kind of guy you're looking for a
Lebanese a sense of humor want him short
tall
hey guys viewers if you think you fit
this type just assignment I'm not
educated
oh my head ah ah you're not even paying
attention where are you looking you're
not looking at me you're not half way in
the grass or even have a license oh you
shouldn't get it away later
I know you're right even me I was
supposed to take you out and you still
ended up taking me out and I really
appreciate that I feel like you're my
big sister most of the time instead of
my little and Hidayat are closed once I
hate job Gucci you really went all out
you got money
okay all that makeup what do you buddy
go on a hot date or something did you
hear I'm getting married in three months
on the model set me up I don't dress for
people I dress for myself thank you you
know it's a good way to look at it but
you know little too much dress same
friends you don't know who you're gonna
see the circle makeup saves time in the
morning it takes hours of preparation oh
you don't have to go all is just else
going to get coffee you know how do you
impress I don't have to wear makeup to
impress can I wear make it for myself
oh okay you don't need it I feel like I
feel like you're fine just without
makeup but I guess it's fine it's not
like makeup takes a long time to do
anyways oh you're funny it's just a
little bit of makeup an hour took me
like five minutes to get ready I don't
know I think it's all oh you
want to do this again don't you do what
you thought wearing a scarf was so easy
you could barely leave the house I went
in the car I did my time
what are you implying later on I made
you should wear me let me do your makeup
I'll do it nice I have to do it like a
joke it's gonna look nice no I bet you I
can do it you're not wasting my makeup
is expensive you're gonna make a bond
just like you would on yourself yeah
like how I did this morning I'll do
exactly what I did - that's a good video
idea I'm just here to help the contact
amazing are what you all to know that
this is not my fault if you come down
look you're like I look like I'm doing
the second
yes gonna do my niggas just like she
would if she were me I guess what you're
just gonna put the just gonna do honey
your old baby want it you want to do it
for me to go like all the way I'm in a
little bit and clean over here they say
women are good just make a video my god
my jeans just contoured my name you have
to put a lot of money that's not just a
bag that's proud of I know you don't go
that that's why girls say beat up their
face that makes sense we're using trying
to teach or how to be girls or don't you
want to collab with James Charles you
can be you can't be going slow like this
you got a boom boom pow we don't put
dollar brushes on our dear young boys
look like why this color not like your
color and I'm gonna look like guys after
this body positivity and I have one
scared
you'll stop looking over there like I'm
over here how do I pulled up in hell
because you put he's gonna put your
email my stirrup I'm trying to get
something for Randy we're gonna ask me
would you do this we get him unconscious
told you're going away I feel like Shrek
oh well we are making me look like you
I don't wear mascara my mom isn't what I
use is like dollop it around
it doesn't say mop back it makes a
longer cable you're putting chopstick in
my eyes look like those mascara yeah
what is this for my lips got away the
doughnut off man there's still like a
donut sprinkle oh man you big galoot you
know I want you all to know that this is
not my fault if you come out looking
like a baby get them cheap bones raise
baby this makes our Hejazi nose look a
little smaller you don't need to do that
any mother never let me much makeup
tutorial see what you want to be when
you grow up
it's a finish top start complete
Burberry only high-end scars you look
like the llama fur on vampires new group
like the lava when they tried to dress
making all the habibi's come to us one
step ins a lovin on them already married
here we have a completed look of mrs.
Zeynep agency looking fierce with those
eyelashes but eyelashes and her
highlight is popping but this is the
final complete look for my daily school
or game alright guys thanks for watching
make sure you like this video if you
enjoyed it subscribe to my channel if
you want to see more stuff for me and
all my friends how do we go say good
thank you so much
wow you guys already know I'm forcefully
engaged at 6:00 p.m. so if you guys not
have any older brothers fours and I'm
over here she's looking to title
that's not how you park we got all that
space no this is why you shouldn't be
driving no we're gonna go to where we're
gonna go to Disney World
no baby the only the only game I like to
go to its coffee that's it you know me
