that's what your life is like just I'll
fail you try to surprise me fail
critical time I guess is ain't just
handed through your camera second film
homie I don't know how to do this and
it's about to come out with this brand
new costume for Halloween
bumblebee that means like a tiny beads
what's the what's under here baby
that's not tiny at all sorry you two
bought like any of this
I want you to meet my friend mrs.
ladybug come on
I'm squeezed
bumblebee
No all right sorry went to a vintage
store and I found these sexy little BNL
you bug out but this is what we're gonna
be tonight
we have joy I'm sweating honey right now
you want to lick it off me Jonah okay
lay off now all right do I trip just now
so bad we're good 30 seconds of those
David standing right next to me okay I
just booked the flight to Florida and
bike it took me an hour the bucket play
cuz I not only scared of flying
it just must be the perfect seat or I
freaked out
like a tiny sparrows in here get some
decent furniture for this place
sorry my treat it like oh wow that's low
man's merchant clean it up what's Jan
told you game guys cheese-like shed
company awesome I'm like yeah calm and I
slept at the apartment and then I got
here at like 11:00 in the morning I'm
like oh my gosh like not give you the in
the world your daughter took good shakes
million dollar house is clean and that's
why I was curious as to where she went
because I didn't know that you got there
recording late at the apartment Jonah
trying to have a girls night was big
it's my apartment to sleep cuz I was
filming who are you doing Jason over
sleeping fishing your kids to school
like you go really far that's why he's
coming tomorrow
they don't have another car because you
have a party yesterday on Tuesdays I
didn't throw anything I'm not the one
who invited two random people to the
house Matt who's just a so last time I
was home I look over my little sister's
shoulder and I see her watching Jake
Paul she's never seen one of my videos
never seen David's videos ever seen
Scotty's or Heath so Todd is there
anybody she's only seen it Paul my
sisters are Jake father that is a
hundred percent sure show me right now
who you're subscribed to think Oh baby I
broke my son's bed okay show me who you
subscribe to right now there's us guys
music video have you seen it nope I
don't see a red bar on it shows your
support I was in that video ok let's go
to your subscriptions there it is
alright you're just up to David yeah
okay I could tell right now that you
just subscribed to these people this is
brand new subscriber yet no it's brand
new subscriber welcome Paul we all we
got everybody team 10 and then me see
the seams all staged I know your load
games why actually subscribe to the rest
of my friends huh why do you follow
David second channel but you don't
wallow Heath why don't you follow Todd
you have to support all my friends you
better get to subscribing is it more
entertaining to you than TV or is it it
is you'd rather watch a youtubers log
than something on like Disney Channel
yeah why is that is it because you feel
like you're
or part of their life or what is it so
you don't like watching something that's
not real and Disney Channel now I'm
talking about look at anything here is
what would you watch like MTV no no I
feel like you're too young for MTV
you're 12 I feel like I still watch you
Nickelodeon and the flash but you know
that season
Jason's kids also are watching the flash
the other day you and Jason's kids
probably have a lot in common
hmm I think you guys are the same age
too we should set something up got a
date with in the family you know so
Thursday night I decided to fly out to
Florida to surprise Hidayat cuz haven't
seen each other in a long time and she
misses me we just talked to the phone I
thought hey why not just take the
weekend and fly back home and surprise
first that mom just told me that they're
at the mine so I'm going to wait for
them to come out of the mall and I'm
just gonna surprise her and let's see
her so my sister walked out of the store
and she went in the car and I think she
saw me so I'm not sure so my mom's
sending her back to the store so I can
surprise her
you guys would be walking don't you feel
alive yeah but I bet you I won't be as
shaky as you are the guy look you're
already foaming more than I usually do I
camera behind my car I'm trying to pick
my outfit today she was all excited
running in my room no I didn't overhear
so I'm just going to mom's like I'm just
gonna pick up lunch no I want to see I'm
gonna pick what you're wearing I'm like
you're not picking what I'm wearing like
I'm not fine no no I don't know why you
being like this
when she woke up this morning I just
felt you did not crack all the things I
wouldn't have guessed until I saw you I
showed up on the Explorer page of some
kid in my class okay let's be a little
more Wow like this I just give you my
account yeah yeah all right guys thanks
for watching make sure to LIKE this
video if you enjoyed it subscribe
mention if you want to see more stuff
for me and all my friends charlie
weakest I bet thank you so much to keep
you up with all my stuff and watching
all my videos I really appreciate it
anything else that no habit have a good
week
turn out let me I can man we're on the
same team here
