back then all I wanted to do is boys
with what's that song girls easy boys
yeah I need to be a debbie downer but
this is New York this is close quarters
living a lot of people are around us and
they probably don't want to hear you
screaming boy it's Friday night in New
York City this is the city that never
sleeps
exactly come on here for a couple days
man I never screamed let's scream
tonight never scream you're right I'm
always pretty quiet well when I got to
the airport
put that on deleted scenes in like a
year I didn't know what why he's like
cuz I don't drink
Franklin patented this in 2015 in Napa
County the electrical alarm clock in
1892 as you can see you know what
there's nothing wrong little education
we came to New York to me trying to
figure out with you're gonna post on
time Christmas I got these cool girls
check out this new Mercedes it's got
Kristen how do you gotta go throughout
the entire but whoa hold on I just saw
somebody I just I swear I just saw
something this is like this Cecil Hotel
in New York it wasn't enough for me
think that was somebody why'd you throw
up come on what's wrong why are you
gonna throw up on that I haven't done I
didn't do anything to you this is my
first time I think I maybe you gotta
kind of starting ruins and the only
reason is because I was imitating
without crazy are those offices right
next door I think it's out of a movie I
didn't know places like having stairs
Wall Street you're gonna see some guy
over there this is Wall Street we stood
there just shaving your girl's head hey
guys sucks stranger themes being
yourself no you know we have a video
signal to be nursing stranger things
what biggest blink-182 started off their
set with stranger things the crowd
mcnutt's before they started I think
they went nuts at this point no
magnitude before they come out response
you're doing pretty good you it would be
I can't believe you ever record shit did
you literally like this like I don't
like keeping it on somebody while I'm
talking it's so weird to me because
there's not enough going on if I'm just
sitting here and I'm talking to you same
damn you're so cute look how much
actions happening no I don't like that
that's thinking what you do know so I
can't film after being in like to buy
and all these other countries for the
past two weeks eat this finally home got
in like two days ago but I was in New
York and Boston doing the live show with
David and Jason got in last night and
went straight to my room and I haven't
seen him yet
yeah I'm gonna go outside and surprise
him
guess who's huh I don't know I just got
really sad now that I saw you you miss
me after we can I feel like I gained
self-confidence you gained a lot of
weight you know what like this past week
I just like really lost myself you know
I missed this too as egg chemtrails in
the Sky Country is how we get sick every
day every year during this time cuz I
know it's not the cold getting a sick
it's something else
no it's getting out of hand yeah you
probably had clear air we're over the
past we can have right yeah you really
got to experience what I've gone through
I have to see everything everything
reminds you of me yeah there did you see
when I had the head wrap yeah I should
be there with this should be an
experience I mean you should have had
together
I've never been on a camel I don't think
in my life and you got to be on one of
the for me and I'm arrow rising lean way
bigger than you would ever imagine a
camel to be huge
you know it didn't look that big I mean
like oh when I when I was watching your
video it didn't look that big really
looked at your size and like you only
kind of like it you're pretty you're
pretty high with a hump it's also
massive didn't seem like it was too hot
out there you feel the Sun like you feel
like the hey there was a breeze it was
ice I mean it was not hot at all it was
comfortable sorry I'm shaking a lot
right now I think I'm just and saw like
some bad areas then we went to Dubai
like the richest place in the world and
saw like that style living and then went
to Amsterdam which was like in the
middle but still equally crazy
you really saw everything all that one
and you've never been outside of the
country before I got a sad that I didn't
get to be with you you were in the bad
parts of Dubai or was it easier to Dubai
when you're in about
we feel like unsafe at all this shit is
a sign of sketchy for the most part
everybody was super nice but like went
for like a walk in this like me when
you're walking everybody's just like
this like giving looks and I couldn't
tell if it was a bad low not those looks
too when I was like visiting it's just
they're not really giving you the eye
what the fuck are you doing here is just
like that's a different person you don't
see a person like that here right now
but like when people were commenting on
my video saying like you should not have
walked through the back alleys in Cairo
oh yeah it was probably they probably
like your stuff and then like a bunch of
kids like ran up to us your name what's
your name I drew I saw the girl I
thought it was like I thought was that
when I was watching I thought was a fan
I'm like oh my god she's just running up
to them and think we talked to him and
then like Elton like there's this one
kid that ran over and like this one kid
kept jumping on Elton's back and he said
he felt the kid like keep hitting by his
like back pocket like where his wallet
wasn't easy I don't know they were like
trying to distract and like talk to us
and like one kid just pickpocket like
something was like ah I don't know like
I don't know if it was like bad or
really pay attention shit like that like
you kind of just have to live in this
liter thing the one kid that was like
jumping on backs and like touching like
the dad came up during it and grabbed
him by the back of the head and then he
like said something and then he pushed
him then the kid came and started doing
it like it was we look like the whitest
kids ever so we were probably staring
you could kind of get away with it a
little bit my tour guide was like you
actually look like you could be Egyptian
if you have like a little good pass it
yeah everyone on my dad sign they
actually go and they asked your last
name I say hussar they go saw like it
just sounds really Arab so they think
you're Arab all right night tour guide
the second one in Egypt look just like
your dad oh no not in the Middle East
he's making a weird face but he loved
like can you see it oh my god actually
it looks kind of like me yeah don't
really see my dad too much but I see me
like look at a nose and like the the
eyebrows like what's his name Mohammed
oh shit how was the food that it was the
same thing no matter where we will
Mediterranean yeah but you had the best
there right he didn't find anything like
that here it was good but it we like the
quality of me
not really interesting is the meat
they're halal or and everything halal
are it's only specific places are whole
Allah I wanna be very blessed
right it's blessed bars there I feel
like not everything I feel like they had
non-halal he places and then hello there
was no alcohol in Egypt there was not
like bars or anything it was a lot of
Porter hot it's like more Indian style I
had that they had tahini like chicken
and rice so it was super dark weird dark
yeah and Elton we're talking about it
because like there's animals everywhere
there's goats or riding donkeys like no
matter where you go yeah we didn't see
any chickens so we were like where are
they getting this like the chicken meat
I don't know if it was like dog or
something no matter if you looked out
like right now if this was like in Egypt
you would see probably 30 dogs his dogs
like it's something I feel like I feel
like there's certain countries that do
you thought like Google dogmeat
yesterday wondering like if I was eating
dogs okay don't put this on camera I
just want you to see it no that's awful
what the fuck why don't why don't we see
this only Twitter that's some Twitter
shit that needs to go threatening on
Twitter so sick when I saw that last
yeah mostly my in America oh what's that
huge building in Dubai though with the
tall's well you know is it as big as it
looks huge it looks like something in a
video game it's it's the tallest
building in the world and it has the
highest restaurant there I mean eight
memory oh you ate in that restaurant oh
my god that looks terrifying the food
was so good like I can't even damn well
that's nice now you're back to reality
we're probably gonna grab some case
tomorrow they might not be Dubai food oh
it was crazy because our days were just
so jam-packed and with like stuff going
on it's hard to like something any we
did Egypt Dubai Amsterdam and like
halfway through the trip we were like
holy we were just in like Egypt that's
how I felt this weekend like bouncing
New York to Boston to back in like in
days and it felt so it turns into one
big blur where you're like big block out
holy shit by the way at David show
everybody was saying that we needed to
start a comic talk podcast yeah hey so
when you get that shit started in
correcting me David and Jason cast like
I love a good right
thanks for watching make sure to LIKE
this video if you enjoyed it subscribe
to enjoy if you wanna see more stuff for
me and all my friends Holly we go so
Carly thank you so much you give you
have a longer selling watching on my
videos per we appreciate it
okay so I'm making now to do this
because I got a big
all right guys friendly reminder I'm
gonna be in Chicago with everybody David
Jason Gaby Todd
Scott Kristin Corinna man we're all
gonna be in Chicago on the 24th Rosemont
theater and yeah make sure to buy your
tickets the link will be in description
below I really want to see you guys New
York and Boston so much fun and those
who has made me so much more excited for
Chicago and I can't wait to be there so
yeah come on say yes
