so in celebration of Friday 13th we're
bringing a coffee talk back from the
dead look at my car came back from the
dead baby coffee Tokyo bro cuz I like
death looks like your spirit is more
what 13 wouldn't mean bad luck what does
it mean um if it means Chi fans tattoos
that's what we do it cheap tattoos yeah
you don't know about Friday the 13th
tattoos and never heard of a serious
like all tattoos are like $13 whole oh
is that my car something just like
we've heard that drop drop - they forgot
my sauce back your gorgeous bro
already drive hurry but that's it like I
don't think it was from our car than a
u-turn record no baby I'm I hope it puts
me into accident so I can sue they ass
watch it watch my blow-up see if I'm old
but he's just got his car xed and every
time he takes his car to get fixed
something else breaks wherever he goes
any worse luck with this car I don't
underst my truck never had a problem
this thing brand new baby right here
this is the perfect example of Friday 13
all over the place and you know what's
nice you don't get that bad luck to
anybody it just kind of bubbles right
within yourself the worst things happen
to you now Gaby whenever she goes
somewhere she brings us and goes with
her at you baby
we invite you everywhere we don't worry
about you giving bad luck to any of us
you know
it gets real bad but then it gets real
good though hit or miss like the $500
exam I win $500 gotta pay $500 to fix my
car and it breaks again got me that
lottery ticket phase oh my I bought like
a lotta Lotta - yes sir fine like those
those cheap ones are the finest they're
just like the bigger ones and the
crossword search ones are really fun
it's not fun and like when he started
doing I thought he was doing it just to
try to win money I didn't know he was
like doing it for fun like gambling I
didn't I thought a main goal for that
person playing is that they're trying to
win money but people like to play you
have to understand is only bet you're
willing to lose if you're gonna play
like don't be like all right I'm gonna
put down 200 and I'm gonna win by this
much I'm willing to lose right now if I
win I win but if $500 to the car play if
I put down $3,000 I could probably win
like maybe a grade and pay off the car
and that is addiction ladies intro
there's people that are a victim bling
like people just spent a ton of money on
I was like literally looking up like
tips and strategies some guy won the
lottery seven times big big water yes
like how much money would you like you
won $500 like what you won the fantasy 5
times a lot of money like a million
dollars a lot of money I think so and
then he won the the multi mega lottery
and then he won to scratch off lottery
maybe now that's illegal oh now he's now
he's getting information strategy pulled
away how is that legal counting cards I
know that's illegal makes no sense
because I feel like that's work lottery
people do it because they need the money
right there's like each card has
different like a statistic like odds
winning and then you can go online and
see how many
left like how many winners are left how
many of em bought it's crazy there's
those even exist
what's what's that side that you what's
his name his name is like Lud stick or
something like that he has a video you
can buy does he have a phone number
maybe I could it was like Claudia took
husband a thing and I shouldn't be
talking about a lot cuz this is a lot of
boys I want to be a part of it he came
and me have decided here in their split
by three ways but then all our trick is
that you lose we put it in a raffle and
like you can win second chance winners
and basically all the scratch offs that
you lose it gets reentered into another
lauder and the way I see it you know if
we win we get a bunch of money awesome
if not we lose and we're just hoping
that you can probably shouldn't even be
saying this because now more people are
gonna want to put in their losing
tickets in the rapid weekend before case
anymore these sandwiches they yeah they
may be a dollar fifty but lotto tickets
are dollars so you got to think about
what's smarter come to Kazon what is it
like a sham in Ventura right ladies
reinvent yourself just get y'all's case
really took place from Katie got a lot
of donuts today so you see they had the
chocolate glaze or sprinkles they got
that original ways no no it's just like
we get a free commercial they got the
old-fashioned doughnuts which is my
favorite right there make sure to get
that
let's read it I know we're taking Carly
and Aaron spotlight right now but let's
read something me and he came to try the
famous donuts and coffee I'm from Iowa
Maddie came all the way from Iowa to
have some cases oh no maybe that's not
dedication no what are you gonna do baby
it's on me actually no it's on you could
you see he spent $5.00 on a scratch-off
won $500 and didn't even tell me about
and said he threw the money in my face
okay fun humble you made me drive you
here because my car has no guys pick out
what you want this baby won't you laugh
at dairy huh I have
my lactate goes in the car make fun of
me you're lactose intolerant you just
recently started yeah I was like it's
weird it started like a Singlish me I've
never been lactose intolerant and I was
talking to Matt he was I got a lot of
people at like age 25 they just start
becoming lactose intolerant I didn't
know it was a thing I was just like
really I don't want to be lactose
intolerant I love very end baby ice
cream okay baby you see and that's
another example of fat shaming invites
what your pity party Mary I heard you
back there Harry we love you come
outside and meet your fans cuz she's
gotten so big at it ever since she's
been in the blog he thought were
thinking about a full on application you
know one circuit once our YouTube
channel goes down where am i all of you
do that Mary I can't wake up past 12:00
we could be the ones that like kinda is
that kind of clean up after like 4:00
p.m. all right I don't know what to do
from our birthday you know fun for
everybody is your birthday actually
coming up yeah it's in like six months
it's not in six wait six months Oh every
you know there's like six months ahead
okay their birthday just happened and
they're ready planning for the next year
okay so next Friday tossing right now
he's celebrating his happy birthday wait
so if your birthday is in a month that
makes you a gem and
Scorpio is Scorpio mama all the time
makes so much sense that you're a
Scorpio you know who's the most
sensitive room cancers which is me
sensitive I call it putting a bitch like
you or we can go to Tokyo like you know
where we can lay out on the beach and
not worry about anything so what you do
now yeah you've been eating sunflower
seeds all day it's just your home office
right here is this couch well somewhere
tropical well let's slut okay you think
I shouldn't have to say it all I gotta
do is for a lot of know Florida know
that is where you're from
I'm not going anywhere you went like
this that's swimming oh that's all the
hula dancers you never heard of the
whole wide world Aroha wide roller
coaster ride Vicki Vicki my lucky low
key I can I kept up in another psycho
yeah yeah baby yeah heard maybe we got
to look up some some Hawaiian there's
more in places there's a go ah who
here's Maui which is like which is like
wow oh just like the funnest place
that's where the Brady Bunch went what
maybe I never watch The Brady Bunch I
don't know what that shit is maybe
alright daddy has to do some searching
right now ok err BB oh oh ok you see in
order for me to get a place I have to
tell them about myself well tell them
about yourself but like I want to be
able to impress them I realize that my
name is Zane and I'm on YouTube how do I
say you say try to make me look good
my name is Zane and I am a Scorpio
YouTube
that was the first one you want to boost
your funeral hired the professional
mourner to come and cry at the funeral
or the summer actually jumping in the
grave because I said goodness ignored me
this is supposed to be funny but this is
literally my kink is not opening
messages and pretending they're not
there this mannequin Lola he waited for
his class two shots of getting a piece
of cake in the middle of the night
without making any noise this is gonna
be a brief low yeah he just did that
who's there not it's not even Halloween
yet
alright guys these certs are available
right now at fender josie's in
collaboration with Matt King that's
right and since it's Friday the 13th the
first 13 people who use the code spoopy
get 20% off these bab-oh alright guys
thanks for watching make sure to LIKE
this video if you enjoyed it subscribe
to my channel want to see more stuff for
me all my friends all the week goes to
Mary or Marie
thank you so much give me a little
myself I'm watching all my videos I
really appreciate it not only that we
got sizes ranging up all the way to 3x
which is my size all the way down to
little ones with the kids
I believe the teachers don't say
anything bad it's Google denial just
come in with the spookier jobs
Oh
