for the two tix was $1,000 so what I've
over a thousand dollars I don't want to
get out I don't want to get out I'm just
mad because David never takes pictures
of them and now he decides to it and I'm
not honestly it was Scott's idea he was
like dude let's do this one time thing
and I'm like I'm dad I didn't expect it
to become such a big thing it's not a
big thing it's just that like I'm is
just a hurts my feelings
look dude it was my idea and he was just
gonna be in my picture while you while
you're here we might as well tell you
Scott and Todd and I are starting a
podcast yeah all the best friends ever
okay that joke was four weeks ago unless
you're going to gosh a maybe going back
do you want to come this time
yeah not I'm not I don't want to go the
funniest thing that you like yourself
Sam Overton Hills like everyone there if
they're watching this like what do they
keep talking about there's nothing here
it's the principle camaraderie you know
what hurt me the most when I saw Jason
sweet the boys are going to Vernon Hills
the boys the boys but whenever you have
three or more guys that's included it's
called the boys that you took me and
Todd and not saying we came up with the
ideas and he would have hated I would
have loved it because I would be with
the boys we moved in together me using
yeah me you he gives up what they came
to remember is that for a couple times I
seen and now David is all of our boss I
told you to be careful when choosing an
apartment that you'd regret and what did
you do you signed a lease turnip are
because Scott and Todd said they're
gonna live right under us
yeah you did you imagine though if they
lived right below you I think all of our
vlogs would hurt a lot no why would it
be bad first of all your your house in
their house would probably look the
exact sand it would just have a backyard
whenever backyard balcony it would be
everybody can't like all be doing the
apartment thing yeah why not you could
blow fire where you could blow fireworks
in my apartment you're not even a lot of
smoke cigarettes in your apartment but
we do
I like that you guys have an apartment
they have a house I yeah yeah and I like
I like it I like it - I like this let me
see that picture again see why are you
not why are you not how about you drink
some camomile tea
I need some help all right
Janine baby I need my I need my clothes
off for this one you're gonna help me do
something no no no no no this is fine
you might need to put either some on or
something off because there's just a lot
of stuff is gonna get everywhere so I
just want to make sure that like there's
no you are gonna pick up while maybe
putting down yeah mother stop right now
and I need you to do to help me turn
this I don't want to get all the hairs
on my clothes yeah you don't like me
like this man are you fat shaming sorry
there's been an interruption he's I
think he's gotta get his broken car out
of here so we had to put a hold on this
segment for like three hours
well maybe you shouldn't buy broken cars
why would you even buy cars out of the
car from your keys he doesn't sound
sketchy already I don't need this right
okay well now that we're back to my
video we can get started here yes we're
gonna I'm putting it all out we're going
from our light and all my hairs are
gonna go into the toe oh it's gonna go
right on the top and we can't get here's
on our expense the carpet only won't we
spent all of our loans on this bar but
we just try to get an interior decorator
and she bought like ridiculously
expensive things which we thought we
needed but we did it so now we just have
a very expensive car pizza there's this
carpet it's the most expensive thing in
here I would take off my shirt but and I
said no baby we don't want to get he'll
know cuz I tried to do something fun on
your beard and that did not turn out
right I want to give you a due date bag
like chin strap oh yes gonna cut his
beard so many because I can't because I
can't see my own face and I want to do
in the Merrick
see mere appeared and it's patching it I
don't know lazy and doesn't want to do
it himself
no that's it's not being lazy it's just
me owning out that I have horrible no no
I should lift your neck in the click the
crystal okay I got some good good if you
got some gossip but I got some gossip
for you today I didn't get that line
where do you want it you want to add the
Adam's apple I do it off just above my
Adam's apple line where it was okay
let's give story hmm what just this
little string a hair that always things
okay yeah let's just make fun of my hair
it's something I know I'm insecure about
what is one thing well it's too fast
because I gots bad a little bit coins I
got too many credit cards I gotta pay
what is one thing that we don't like
liars lies and what else it starts with
us losers know what is something we hate
and it starts with an S what do you mind
so four days ago I started to take me
and my baby to Hamilton and finish it
all so I buy tickets for Hamilton there
are really really expensive tickets a
lobby would save up to like go to wanted
like Hamilton shows because it's I
supposed to be looking really good show
I am playing I think they just like
spend a lot of time preparing for it
like to say there's a dress nice when
you go to it it's just like supposed to
be like a big deal a lot of people talk
about Hamilton how much they love it how
it could of a play a days I buy ticket
off this random site it's like people
use it it's like a it's like a no and
LASIK a fake it's after I buy and they
sends me like an order confirmation like
you've order your tickets since we find
seats and everything I assumed that that
was your fake tickets didn't work no no
they weren't fake ticket apparently
they're supposed to have someone from
the team like sent and another email
after vine asking me how I like my
tickets real well if I want your PDF
file like on my phone or delivered to me
you are it now I never saw an email and
so the day comes last night where I go
we get to the we'll call both calls like
all sorry we don't deal with like
third-party app ticket so that you'll
have to like
contact the company we got through there
so I called the company and they're like
oh sorry you should have received an
email well but I never received an email
and now I'm at the show and I have the
order confirmation I have all the
information but they're not letting me
inside and I don't know I don't have any
ticket so you guys were supposed to
extend a two tickets to our body
they're like sorry sir you're supposed
to receive that you won't okay well is
there any way you can send me a PDF file
two tickets because it shows a lot of
stories yeah exactly and the dude's I
got no problem sir we'll send you it
should take five minutes I said okay
twenty minutes goes why the show's
already started and I still have
received it but I call again and now
someone else picks up so now I have to
give them all my information until
exactly what happened again and again
the lady tells me the same thing okay
we'll have someone help you'll have five
minutes for the emergency team I still
don't get a call like an emergency team
twenty minutes later I call again tell
everything I should have grabbed both
our names and I forgot third person
tells me and then like you know but I
just want a refund on these tickets like
it's been an hour now the girl goes okay
well you want a refund we'll have
someone from urgency T let you up I'm
like well when is that gonna because the
first verse I called they said they were
gonna give me up in five minutes and now
it's been 45 minutes I'm just
disappointed in you
why because baby you know you should
have been here to see I know cuz see he
cruises up all the time and I was just
being stupid okay I just thought this
site it was just like the cheapest and
no last night and today I wasn't hit on
they still haven't given you know they
emailed me saying sir you should have
gotten the emails and there's no refund
so we can't give you your money back
oh my god the clip if you watching this
video and you my baby lady i'ma cut show
can't say the name of the company that
did this to me but it was for the two
tix was a thousand dollars a Wyatt a
thousand a thousand dollars from a
company that possibly could be asking a
good deal to get something that would
not be mad at and he knew that I spent
that much money on Hamilton ticket I was
probably spent $3,000 Hamilton's that
big of a deal
apparently when we got there it looked
like a movie premiere like there was
pictures seen taken everybody's wearing
suits and dresses a big deal I didn't
know that I decided hey I'm gonna
because I'm gonna see all the hype about
it now why Matt freaks out about all if
you don't like it then with $1000 on it
yeah Bass Pro Shop no we would have
bought two more on mass girls your team
and speak when the girls in your tea
that's what you could do with a thousand
dollars baby golden time is less forever
what you get to watch a show get to
watch people skip around on stage for
about three hours and that's it who buys
the shit oh yeah it's guys just have to
really be careful where you go thank you
check your because you can get scammers
out there so tell you about the time
that I took I was trying to so much
let's try this all my Jeep and so
there's this like website that pay why
are we both leaning like this you're
looking at me I'm looking at you because
we're both stupid that's all I try to
sell my G and there's this website you
pay like upfront $200 to last your Jeep
all over like their site and multiple
their car sites sounds like okay we'll
be worth it cuz I can sell my G 435 oh
my G was worried and I can like you know
200 also it would be worth it I paid the
people never heard from them I decided
put the number in scam right after a
Google okay and so many people how did
you find that how did I find just you
just randomly came across it like trying
to get your Jeep sold quicker yeah no I
don't know I totally forgot how it
happened but it just seemed so legit and
it seems so real as I like it'll it'll
like boost your post at the top so more
people see it was like I feel like I was
like on auto trader or something like
and in like that little thing bombs I
don't know it just seemed really real
and I got you got work you got your ass
tossed around been scammed yeah when you
bought that Jeep alright guys thanks for
watching make sure you like this video
if you enjoyed it subscribe to our
channel if you wanna see more stuff for
read all my friends Charlie because of
Jesse thank you so much for keeping up
with all my self watching all of our
videos I've been getting a lot of
comments from people saying that all
youth than I do is just sit and do
nothing now and you know what I'm not
gonna take that bullshit anymore about
what I'm gonna do
alright what you gonna do maybe tell me
what you gonna do what you gonna do to
stay here and not doing
there's character baby is character it's
scary to buy from a sketchy website put
it on your parent's credit card not
yours
exactly
