all goes up in the sky with no remember
two Thanksgivings ago well let's just
say things got crazy and up you to the
move but it's like dried up it's like a
piece of
shit on this match but alright before we
could do this video I do have to say
that this video is sponsored by CDC geek
is an operating you buy tickets to any
events you'd like to go to HS concerts
festivals fights and so it's super easy
to use and helps you find the best see
for the best price possible another
reason why I love CG so much is because
basically they've been a part of my life
in many ways they sent me to the life is
beautiful in Vegas they've sent me to
the Mayweather Bruce McGregor fight in
Vegas you recently sent us all to the
Lord at the stable side if there's any
event you're thinking about going to
make sure to click the link in the
description for $20 off your first order
by using my code st. 20 alright and back
to the video alright guys welcome back
to my second channel if that would be a
good idea to look through my phobia some
of you guys know already what I'm kind
of scared of like you know lanes I fly
it today you're gonna see everything
that I'm afraid of they looked at some
of the stuff that I'm afraid of and
they're basically gonna show to me now
I've never seen any of these videos
before I'm gonna react to them and you
guys can to see how I really feel about
these because they're just gonna so you
just really like to see they didn't
really want to be a part of this and I'm
gonna give it to them ye plane crash
Conti ordinary footage inside the plane
crash that plane is the kind of camera
it was shot on who cares about the
camera the plane went down
like people here they would be this way
I feel like everybody's screaming at the
same time that's what makes it or it's
like that is just like wrong one time my
family I we went through a hurricane on
our way to Cancun Mexico
I swear we all thought we were gonna die
somebody it was bad this kid decided he
funny I guess I feel like now he can
never do this but back then I guess he
just didn't get in trouble he just
decides to scream we're all gonna die
everybody starts forget my mom run some
kid on the place 25 degrees laughs he
said it in love like
ever do that now I feel like you gettin
serious all of you said that no oh yeah
scary yes then they would do an
emergency landing kicking off the plane
emergency for their like flying to Tokyo
they're halfway there they had to come
back to LA I'm look I'm on the wrong
plane ten hours oh wow just six hours
turned around yeah so I don't know if
you three popular so you might have seen
that big spider attacks daddy do you
know what have a huge phobia of just
like hairy spiders I'll go to visit a
house and she's up there on the roof
well we don't have to see ya
oh this is I have chills walking in the
daytime or a depositor continue
she's a wonderful critter and it's
mating season so she's out in the prowl
looking for a mate the Huntsman and then
there's lightning fast there you know
who died out there in front capture of
my best spider sent to this Chinese food
container what okay camera to make much
pretty consistent defend this again
there's a
it's like another thing on what is that
oh I hate those people to do parkour on
high building I'd you build a window
there
hello TMI else no why are you standing
like that why are you why you have to
stand like that Daniel two little bars
go like this it goes off track
maybe supposed to
it's bacon what this family of human
outlining is the sky
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure to LIKE this video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to my channel if you
want to see more stuff for me and all my
friends hallowee-- goes to Mary Grace
thank you so much for keeping up with
all myself and watching all my videos I
really appreciate it I thing else to add
before I conclude this video sadly no
I'm never going to Australia and buy
Tupperware lots of Tupperware
