let me try all right y'all bloody mad
drive because I need a film and I came
home and you hit anybody any cars yup
just cuz the next clip of this truck
suits me this is my name you dropped
this classy g-wagon it is the strauss ii
as you're okay i like to drink a lot of
water it's healthy or it also is healthy
organized and clean this shit's supposed
to help me this is my favorite Halloween
decoration this carnies gonna up my rent
okay so inspired today we go to the
pumpkin patch you're not sure attack
we're gonna do all we know is that we're
gonna try to find some pumpkins to carve
right man we're thing about carving the
pumpkin faces to look like people in our
friend got to see the pumpkins and see
you they remind us of and then we'll go
just wing in a baby how's the diet doing
she's killing it on I always wonder if
she has like a lot of followers in the
lot of lights burn pictures probably the
most popular girl on Instagram at her
school or just has the most followers
out of anybody at her school head
cheerleader at her school must just be
like on her phone like wait she goes
here that's Zayn hijazi sister yeah she
goes here she's she's really funny
actually Kimberly really
look after the pepper Li hate Ayodhya
hey maybe we should do like a picture
collab oh my god Rebecca we need her on
the do you guys like I can't I'm sorry
like against Marilyn oh hey Diane we
already made your cheerleading outfit
you can say no to me is not interested
in Hidayah spread the life
the cheerleaders bio changes it's just
like Hidayat spread really used to go to
school with you and it's like hey do you
members Dana job yeah I think I do look
a but like do you think like you could
like introduce me to him it was just add
to my Instagram haunted man she's like
me what is a spoopy I'm like mom you
like you would knows she's like it's a
scary poopy is it like no sherry it's a
state of mind
well I think we found Jason lungs before
he started smoking he floods after he
got normal pumpkins that we have white
privilege book nah okay guys this is a
pumpkin patch like near where I live and
we thought they were taking down the
bees but it burned down
I bet it was just a guy who like flicked
his cigarette I can't believe he came
here into this power line slow him why
oh my god holy crap I wonder how big the
fire was the news is here of her love
oh no we were I'm gonna be on the news
let's say fuck it up so they don't have
the spoopy it's just this dog
imagine you'd started the hunted race
and the mire happen everyone's just like
oh my god Beck's look so real oh my god
I actually feel hot Mira bad though you
guys are gonna buy pumpkins by I'm here
because this is probably in effect their
business no they're like power cords and
everything you guys are in the LA area
and looking to buy pumpkins comes with
the Toluca Lake pumpkin patch because of
the design look at look at that that's
that's awful still a ton of pumpkins
left here I thought we could wiper
pumpkins you have the pumpkin I picked
out and I'm not switching it and set up
with lights and all that it's kind of
getting dark first okay no pumpkin
masters the number one selling brand I
saw I was like alright this is the kids
version how can I finally got a dull
person and I really really thought well
you're not gonna make an adult
pumpkin carving kid think about but
we're kids at lark you know let's show
these are dumb no I'm just gonna wing my
these things all right first off I hate
the smell of pumpkins it's my least
favorite smell zing this is dangerous
assume Matt's gonna start asking these
psycho psychopath questions and see if
we get it right or wrong they're not
psychopath questions they are murder
mystery brain teaser concerns there are
questions that are about a particular
murder and you have to solve okay Satan
I this book it smells good no smell that
but this is smell good it smells like
pastels like something from like Bed
Bath the body good I don't even know if
I'm doing this right I understand arms
already getting tired yeah I know why
kids like doing this so much beauty
because you haven't got all the edges oh
look oh my my piece is just about to go
in okay No
you know why does my probably just from
Pier one Imports
you know to cut it I now home I just
realized that I why did I think that was
gonna be green and suck I was gonna be a
big ol can't even get the guts out the
top like when you get all the stuff off
the wall oh there we go we're gonna put
all the gun I didn't prepare this very
well we're gonna think that is I'm not
gonna be able to go through that you do
is zing you take out as much as you can
and then you scrape besides one pumpkin
please yell these questions can
determine if you are a murderer or you
can think like one or if you think like
just a good detective
a man in a woman live together
peacefully in a house okay but one day a
woman shoots her husband oh then she
holds him underwater for over five
minutes and then she hangs later that
night both of them go out and enjoy a
beautiful dinner how can this be the
first time you said that I would have
said oh well she probably took his dead
body went out to dead but that's exactly
that's still alive and they went out to
dinner everything likewise all right now
so she shot an lb with a picture and you
hang it well he hangs his picture up and
then he drowns him underwater what was
around some underwater for five minutes
mr. stern
she's a photographer yeah is just
something else Kathy that's the way
that's one of those brain teasers that
makes me think she was like I was back
in college where the damn TV so I got
pumpkin spice latte for the first time
for the first time yes it's like it
tastes like the season saying this kind
of goes with how I feel about karaoke
don't insult carrot cake carrot cake so
it's not only that but why do they call
it carrot cake we always talk about it
why do they call a carrot cake wasn't
taste like carrots taste like
gingerbread carrots are in it carrots
are like the main ingredient of carrot
cake it actually it kind of does taste
like carrot cake no it doesn't I drank
that pumpkin spice latte guess what not
I didn't taste no damn pumpkin I taste
gingerbread just like I did with a
carrot cake
there's something going on with the
gingerbread factory whoever makes ginger
and whoever makes pumpkins and whoever
makes
there's a little deal going on you know
what I think's going on your palate and
its lack of exquisite okay so a man
walked into his house okay
today man walked into his house he was
about to hang up his coat all of a
sudden he heard his wife saying no John
don't yeah all of a sudden there was a
shot a woman was dead there was a police
officer a doctor and a lawyer standing
next to her woman's husband knew that
the police officer did it how did the
husband know because the officer's name
was John oh yeah I think what I'm
reading this I'm thinking there was a
shot and there's a doctor involved so
I'm thinking the shot is tied to the
doctor and I think the name John is the
police officer the police officer did it
but there was a was it was the answer
said this officer was a man while the
doctor and the lawyer were lady John is
a man's name the husband name was David
so John was the police officers named
David wife is saying no John don't do
and the police officer shot her anyway
so you got always pay attention to the
details I can't how do you take this
stuff usually you gotta like look in the
middle area all right now a man went to
a party drank some punch
and then left the party early later that
evening everyone at the party why did
the band not die I did this all wrong
I'm supposed to take the guts out and
then carve the walls Mae wasn't poisoned
because he wasn't ever alive as deep
real answer is that he ice cubes in the
punch were poison since he drank the
punch early at the party Ice Cube's
hadn't melted yet that's his melted a
word that's too much that's like intense
thinking that's ridiculous you
definitely get the facts with these
questions well you know said anything
about ice cold puncher in the UH how
about being left early no and he already
had some of the boys the first thing I'm
thinking about is not a punch being
ice-cold maybe without detectives ain't
gonna go first right and mine is so good
thank you thank you
all right guys thanks for watching make
sure to LIKE this video if you enjoyed
it subscribe to 110 if you want to see
more stuff for me and all my friends
Charlie goes to Julia thank you so much
for keeping up with all my summer
watching all my videos I really
appreciate it
anything else
bitch you think I got Sun in the end if
I catch you filming a video without me
you know when the season comes and you
wanna win Halloween hits you want to get
your pumpkins and when Christmas hits
you want to go get your candy canes but
it's like as soon as you start doing it
you regret it immediately it's hot as
hell out here not worth the craving not
worth the correct I don't want to crack
these pumpkins then why did you bring it
scotch tape and whiteout and why is this
thing on my butt tape and whiteout what
are we doing covering up like just
seeing girls like dude put like tape on
their eyes and do these Lily makeup I
don't know we're carving pumpkins today
I'm not doing a makeup challenge and I
didn't agree to this
