hi mom you're on camera we're filming
for Zane's blog let's cut to the chase
is this a figment of my imagination or
did this really happened and I was young
did my cousin work for a princess and
why purpo after he poop I like surprised
you with Lord this is when I like crash
here one night on your couch like any
time I am staying the night at a
friend's house I always have really
weird dreams yeah always like waking up
but I have like this out-of-body
experience where I think I've already
woken up in the space I'm in this dream
I wake up on your couch Lord is it feels
so real finally woke up I realized it
was just a dream and I was so pissed
you know what dreams become reality and
I eventually did meet Lord before we
continue I just gotta say that this
video is sponsored by quit your boy got
another brand view well done isn't
something about anti-bullying something
that you don't deserve something that
really doesn't represent you same you
need to calm down this is a really cool
you can't you like create your home game
oh Jesus it's not like bitmoji but it's
like a lot better let me show you all
day weird baby like quintuplets quiz
okay it's quintuplets
with look I'm just trying to be
relatable 1,003 coy Oh Marco Oh what is
this app where you can open packs and
collect cool stickers cards and figures
for free on your iPhone oh I've heard
about this no this absolutely blowing up
like crazy it's like super popular it
has thousands of free stickers that you
can use the text all your friend by the
way guys you're never gonna believe what
show they have oh I already know got
Bob's Burgers I got various Pierce why
I've Jon Snow waiting you can trade them
yeah you could trade them with anybody
well then I'm gonna download it and
trade some of my game and thrown cards
or your khalessi I want to show you my
emoji so you go to collapse there's
Gabby right there and then yo boy then
they made a free baby so you can use my
little Snickers and son to whoever you
want so make sure to look at my pin
kamigami I have under this video and use
that link to download quite add me and
maybe Matt if he has his own Snickers on
the Navy one day but I'll talk to him
maybe we'll try to figure something
anyways as I was saying like I love you
I know you really had this connection
and I said Ella you've gotten me through
some of my worst time so you made me
enjoy some of my best time oh my god and
she grabs my head and she performs she's
going sorry Boyd it's like it's I have
just this big crush on it like I'd like
to describe it it's just like just she's
blocks used to be can you stop coughing
when I go dude I'm like I want to see if
I can pull up the performance I haven't
watched the clip at all that's it
because I was worried I was like this
isn't happening oh my god she just
addressing it was like she just there
was me I mean the t-shirts like she's
like calling me out like God like the
universe was just like there is the one
and only mr. poopy pants and why are you
wearing your cups just my shirt that I
gave you is now cut into a crop Preston
cut it into a crop top because for the
past 72 hours Zayn I have had explosive
diarrhea
oh damn that looks almost like
video shop lost a lot of weight man can
you tell that I've had a diarrhea attack
to my diarrhea went into your story
Scott ate some nachos from one place
certainly a lot of our friends also did
too and they also had diarrhea attacks I
think it is everybody I had the same
plate of nachos from the same restaurant
probably a very sensitive son I've seen
you poo at times where like you don't
what's it called when you poop up not on
command I've seen you do accidental
poops
yeah weak body it's okay it's very
sensitive I think that it just affected
people differently because okay Kristen
had the nachos she ate probably half the
plate of nachos I walked over I was
drinking you know drinking drinking
drinking I was I'm gonna have a nacho I
had one nacho he threw up and had
diarrhea for like four hours in the
middle of the night I woke up the next
morning that's when I got I've had it
for now 72 hours three days some hours
so I don't know why she only added four
hours and I've had it for you know I
didn't ask to give me your whole your
whole shitty life all right Rudy picks
up their camera turns on so it's vlog
except for me but I like decided to pick
it up because I thought of something it
turned the icd you across the room hi
cheeky hey nice to meet you Kristen
Scott and time we read five things about
ourselves like things that happen to you
in your life I feel like girls I
understand you want to buy the most
expensive quality of toilet paper but
it's kind of tough when you have
airplane toilet paper you use that to
wipe and half the half the paper comes
out when you wouldn't you buy decent
quality toilet paper are just very soft
and tender and we don't need and we'll
talk to my roommate we barely know
sorry good thread-count is another it's
where has your both your faces on it it
was a real thing that happened but my
cousin when she was younger she worked
in a different country and she literally
her job was to like wipe the princesses
but but she won't leave her son
what's this call your mom yesterday
people call in and talk to like this
doctor about their love problems and
this woman's husband went away for a
weekend and she was using like the
family computer it reset the computer
like week before he loved when she went
on it she found a bunch of files of him
and like all his exes and like women
he's dated in the past like sexy outfit
covered and like you mentioned like
you've seen two girls won't cut yeah
this is hot
hi mom you're on camera we're filming
for Zayn's blog let's cut to the chase
is this a figment of my imagination or
did this really happen I was young did
my cousin work for a princess and why
purpo after he pooped do you have
anything to say to Zane's followers all
your friends like it prescribed remember
when you had that sex toy Hall you had
to do it at my apartment this happened
like a month and a half ago they did a
sex toy Hall thing on their pit and you
left one of them when I told my elevator
in my apartment building and just left
it there and that so has the edge of all
the cameras in our apartment of people
coming in and out and like seeing this
and I just found that footage of us
looking at it that night a month ago and
play right now like we just wanted to
see like what would happen if we just
like if it's vibrating
so they FaceTime call me and say pull
this up on the security camera footage
and it's Aaron way to get in the
elevator and she is there they leave it
right in the elevator by itself but
we're gonna look at the security camera
footage of whoever discovered it because
we don't know who found biggity so it
was like the best thing in the case of
the missing dildo
okay you enjoyed subscribe turn if you
want to see more stuff for mean all my
friends now the weakest Alexis thank you
so much for keep you with all myself on
watching all my videos I really
appreciate it guys by the way I had
brand new cars and not only jackets but
sure okay sure you know what I'll get
you three shirts see the support room
you know three of the shirts and it is
so thing just link in the description
baby buy all the colors
