hi y'all so today we're gonna be making
some homemade pizzas from scratch okay
so you just want it you just want to pop
these puppies in here and you know what
you do you just set it and all right so
there's something I wanted to get off my
chest real quick and it has to do with
carrot cake favorite place cuz we're
trying to stay involved there was two
pieces already cut I can't carry two
okay so I'm just bringing one get off my
chest and it's not hard try it don't
want it try it
mmm you know what that is
does it taste like carrots no it tastes
like cinnamon and like you tell me why
do they call the carrot cake when
there's no carrots in it it's made with
carrots I think but it doesn't taste
like taste like cinnamon and nuts
there's no carrots in them taste like
ginger ginger bread ginger bread ginger
bread
exactly right ginger bread interbred
wise a little bit of cinnamon sugar why
is it Kerry kiss sometimes you ask
questions yeah we know the answer to and
I don't think anybody else knows the
answer to it but we all want the answers
and that's what we're here today and
y'all know why it's called carrot cake
but I don't taste no damn carrots in it
comment down below and let me know who
got this no know who got it who got the
okay so he's decided by names favorite
cake for his birthday
who's whit but what right person is like
oh it's my birthday it gave me a carrot
cake because it's my favorite you gotta
have something messed up that's like the
first thing that's what I thought too
what the hell it's came to us a hairy
cake is his favorite cake don't trust
nobody whose favorite cake is Carrie
what about chocolate cake chocolate
icing or birthday cake vanilla cake
anything else I would eat I would eat
donkey kick it would probably take it's
better than carrot cake if it is even
carrot cake maybe pound cake is better
than carrot cake what's pound cake Oh
pie okay I love pound cake yeah I did
that I did that in like in reduced 2%
fat milk but carrot cake come on
like what what person in their right
mind was I like cake let's put
vegetables in it put carrots oh you know
what I don't like I don't like fruits in
cake - you don't know why hey I don't
know why people put our berries or blue
Enki that is not go together who was it
I think was like Jim Gaffigan he was a
brute good cake great put it together
what do you get nasty pile of crap
exactly it doesn't make sense
fun is it called fruitcake where it's
like a big thing and there's like yes I
like the fruit no no I'm not talked
about like just cakes with my
strawberries in the middle it's like no
yes it looks like what everybody gives
to like a new neighbor that moves next
door you like bring over like a
fruitcake
oh my cartoon it's like every movie they
talk about like that they like make a
fruitcake and like bring it over if you
brought me a fruitcake and I just moved
you know my damn friend you hate me
you're my enemy you know what you're
telling me imma be every time you live
in next to me think about the people
that neighbors I usually bring you food
it's awful and never tastes good words
they're leftover leftover foods I froze
in one from Christmas that's it and they
see like there's like little slippers
there's like orange things in there I
don't taste it curious and what's the
cream that's on it that's not carrot
mm-hmm but you're gonna call it carrot
cake why not call it gingerbread man
cake does it taste like a gingerbread
man cinnamon ginger bread man with
carrot crumb honest with yourself baby
chocolate cake tastes like chocolate
vanilla cake tastes like vanilla got
that unborn root cake tastes like fruit
they're nasty you know what baby what is
you eatin carrot cake right now it's 2
o'clock in the afternoon you want to
talk about heartburn ok it's not really
part but um I believe wait for like how
long about half and here we have them
these are our models for the new
collection I just put out our cars is
consist of black red and light baby blue
um you could do whatever you want with
it you can even cut into the crop top
like Kristen has over here oh there she
is with a robot nice here we have Scott
with a thrust and Todd with a dancing
yeah I was gonna put music over this
montage but I thought why not just put
no music over it and just have the
actual audio playing this is good stuff
but yeah doctors are saying thank you we
should discuss it you incredibly Bluff
backlit right now
but you need to sit in this corner no
this is fine Matt oh look this is
because they look at the angle if you
sat here you see how it is and then if i
sat here and you were just talking Matt
this is okay so and I started playing
this game it's called mastermind it's
really fun it's like a very uh it's a
pretty old-school game not dig deep it's
just like a good brain game like get
your juices in your brain flood your
mind busy because we know you need that
Jesus how do you read a book that big I
know it's longer than the Bible maybe my
dad wrote this book and I actually
watched that movie was it Lassie when
they watch as we watch it what movie it
is no we watched it but what movie are
you talking about hey you want to join
in a timeout if you didn't even go I
know but we could talk we can tell you
the movie then you need to get up out of
here so we could talk about it she's
scared to see it who are too scared and
we invited Heath like probably two times
so watch the movie with us and he didn't
want to watch it okay that's cool the
movies scary
why you making so much noise
I said do you want to talk about it like
do you want to talk about our day not
talk about the movie
anyway so my father made millions of
dollars off of this and now because of
the movie deal I don't need to start a
YouTube channel you're know we're gonna
be in it too coming out I don't know
which 27 years I want to be like the
extra that like kind of like runs from
the clown or something you know you only
not take the movie seriously anymore
they're like imagine someone like just
going it's like her song guys make sure
to check ours on is actually really good
I have been reading this all summer long
when the trailer first came out and when
I was staying with you I was reading
this every night like 1,300 pages long
but I think like the movie is scarier
when you're reading a book and it's a
haunting over text it's not like get
immediate kind of like the action but
the images from the boat in your mind
like I thought I wasn't gonna have
nightmares but oh I did like my nut my
nightmares were just ordinary dreams and
then like the clown would just like come
into that but like even reading and not
know if you didn't know it clown in the
new movie looks like it all scares you
or did you imagine the clown from the
news movie well I think you know what
because I think the clown I had in my
mind was the clown from like the 1980s
TV looks so bad like this clown they
nailed it on the head because you know
Pennywise is an ancient demon he's been
haunting this town for hundreds and
hundred two years a clown in the 1980s
version just seemed like an ordinary guy
in a Hollywood this looks like a clown
from like hell yes like hundreds and
hundreds of years old scary this is the
first movie I've ever watched that like
it actually terribly I didn't want to go
to sleep with the lights on yeah like
it's so scary
what I like about it too it's not while
it is very scary it's really like funny
it's really like man it is it's not a
novel or it's not a story about
supernatural you guys not getting paid
for this by the way guys it's about
real-life beers because that's what
Pennywise
attack what you're scared of in real
life exactly for you it would be usually
scary movies like nighttime it's usually
really really scary and during the day
it kind of like a break like nothing
series gonna happen until the nighttime
this movie was 2 hours and 20 minutes
all the horror in the daytime
this clown looked as scary as he did on
there it's like usually if I see a scary
movie I like buy popcorn because they'll
give me something munch on it i finished
it like in 10 minutes you guys said you
guys should watch your age of 17 make
sure you go with the parental guardian
is it squid then how long maybe like a
year where is the first place where we
met this is when we were we were
starting to move out why are you
building furniture we were moving into
Denny what night then what were you
doing in fashion just like you were
going to school feel like you worked at
a clothing company cuz I remember you're
you're wearing like Tory Burch or
something what was it you know
throughout that time you've been just
like doing the same thing every day I
feel like once you're hanging out with a
bunch of people that are not working
normal job it's really hard to just a
steak or it gets really hard to were
something like 9 to 5 you know in the
pool naked no nobody that I were back at
home like it got to the point where it
just dropped our jobs and everything
cause like we weren't even getting paid
from vine or like or doing anything that
was giving us money but it was just fun
to do this then working out if I've dog
is this crazy how like now recently you
left your last job and
it's like you know I'm just gonna I'm
gonna start doing social media I feel
like that's how so many people start
like it always starts like someone
starts because they were a part of
another something does that make sense
I'm not I feel like I'm not making exact
sense but start the work again if no
agrees like yeah yeah me too me too I
got a degree in I got a degree in heart
burns I know how to like edit a vine
with my cast my girlfriend I can't phone
with Kristen she's a friend of mine
she's not just your girlfriend friend
they heard of intellectual property what
the hell is intellectual but what does
that mean any sense it's someone like
you wouldn't know what intellectual
property is I really have seen that like
a contra the brainchild of someone else
so someone else created something that's
their intellectual property
oh that's it because Todd's editing your
editing Jason's editing Kristen was free
she hates she's Ryu man I can use to
exploit I'm jealous that you guys have
each other y'all have like you got a
boyfriend you got a girlfriend you guys
can like film cute together and to like
police stuff and I got a sit your each
other run around hopscotch I got to
figure out what to talk about with all
you guys and gets hard man nice dudes we
got to stick together
exactly I'll talk to you later go to my
room yeah intellectual property baby
maybe he can help me with an option be
helping the honcho is that okay all
right guys thanks for watching make sure
you like this video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to me attorney if you want
to see more stuff for me and all my
friends Hollywood goes the miles need
you so much for keeping up with all
myself and watching all my videos I
really appreciate it you got anything
else to say baby
