alright we got it we got to the Sun
basically there was one hole that you
couldn't put the key in and if we found
it we found another hole you can put the
key in so he put the key and now he's
spending it and now it would now not pop
it well that's on there it's getting all
entire ok I gotta talk about a little
something that's been happening me for
the past couple weeks and it hurts I'm
getting a lot of heartburn lately like
my tree my chest hurts all the time
being bad or I'll be sitting there and
it just I don't know what it is out of
its ass reflux or heartburn
I don't know what's like burning your
throat it burns on my chest for a while
no one eats or something and look at
that it's only when you eat pizza maybe
you're eating sheet hot bright cheetos
and drinking a rock star right now okay
so baby you wondering why you getting
heartburn in chest pain this is Cheetos
it's not like a fried chicken or
something you know make his Hot Cheetos
maybe it's still bad if you look at the
nutrition facts for Cheetos heartburn
okay but look at it it says zero grams
of sugar oh well then it must because
you must be good right it's only has 170
calories per serving this doesn't have
sugar this must not do it either that's
the zero carbs your sugar baby you could
drink - if you don't want heartburn you
got to cut some stuff out of your diet
you can't just expect to go away if
you're not changing anything you gotta
cut some stuff out
exactly conchita's is good for me it's
beautiful
there's this kid that went viral on like
some show where I took away his chicken
nuggets like a nanny take over show
right yeah it was in the nanny cam over
like the kids really bad so the nanny
came and like stayed there for a week
stead of taken away like all his junk
foods are getting real everything she
went for the chicken nugget and he
starts freaking out good for me you
can't come in here and do that and you
start acting a little suitcase like a
baby suitcases like I'm getting out of
here I'm moving out and what does epoch
like is a boy toys hey buddy got a big
score in the comment if you think that's
the real world I try getting out here
and having to deal with heartburn
exactly like it's something I call it my
period it's not like heartburn it's in
my stomach and it's this really sharp
pain and I don't know what causes it but
they don't just happen out of nowhere I
have my period too
come on run out of jade oh boy let me
tell you I have like a girlfriend you're
like gonna fight maybe I just I'm on my
period and you're like yeah well I'm hot
cheetos okay hard bread comes for me
like once a day four minutes from saw
like a hot pop in the Tom's have you
tried Santa zantac 150 takes away
instantly Zak is the only thing that
helps what does sommes do I thought
Tom's work it's probably a placebo
effect I think um times I feel like if
you have like a tummy ache it's like a
little crumbly you know that's why
people take Tom's Wow I feel like I just
got pop anything in my mouth and just
tell him I saw that it works it'll work
cuz I swear I'll get rid of my heartburn
quit yeah I pop into tons of my mom's is
for heartburn PUMS is like if you have
like an upset stomach cause I'm having
heartburn three different people upset
have Tom's if you want so I guess I've
never read the bottle it's like it's
acid or something like that
antacid acid yeah it really has to wear
on my life
Oh what does tums do oh my god having
I'm having I'm having heart rate again I
think it's the Cheetos well here let me
take them off your hands
little your mind out get a bag of hot
prizes and get it back purple skittles
would never come together and feed him
up and purple skittles that's that that
sounds like something you just came up
with right now on the swap remember
Esther from High School in the home that
was her thing
no we would be in class together Ned
look if she's eating hot fries and
skittles at the same time I'm like what
he could do it I tried it was good hot
cheetos Oh a couple days ago my buddy
Corey what what is it called like a boot
lock wheel so you can't like drive away
they bought one from some website and he
gotta deliver to him two days ago
basically prank David by putting it on
and go so well with the video or that is
in the description below I did it with
Corey I thought oh my god worried can I
borrow this boot though we can do it
tonight because I we know Matt's
reaction is gonna be like way better
because like he just said he gets like
super worked up exactly especially
something like that it's cost like $400
yeah yeah because this is usually you'd
get this if you're parked in like an
unauthorized area or somebody so you
have to like call basically and then
they come out and like they have to
unlock it for you one day once you pay
it right now we're at his place he comes
tour apartment every morning just to
like work on stuff or whatever he leaves
on specific time every day we came here
early with the to put it on his car and
we're basically gonna film him seeing it
before he gets in his car to come sorry
right let's see that baby yes they're
put these things on a car at all so
that's why he's with me figuring out you
can only put that on one side I tried
doing it on one side of Dave's car we
can get it I believe it's me it's all I
know is that you got to put the thingy
on the thingy and you screw it on and it
locks yeah
I thought you know how this work we try
one brain it's not that's definitely it
I tie in just slowly you don't remember
how you did it okay we can't get this on
so we have to pick off core and I'm
pretty sure I spelled his name wrong
hey Cory Cory just ditch that chic all
right we got it we got to the Sun
basically there was one hole that you
couldn't put the key in and if we found
it we found another hole you could put
the key in so he put the key and now
he's spending it and now it would now
not pop it well that's on there it's
yeah
I'm sorry she isn't screaming right they
know
he's hella brother you can't drive with
it all one see the keeper oh my god it's
right there oh my oh alright guys thanks
for watching make sure liked this video
if you enjoyed it subscribe to my
channel want to see more stuff for me
and all my friend Sharla week goes to
Jannah or
yeah I don't know whatever it is thank
you so much for keeping all my self
watching all my videos to really
appreciate it okay so obviously that was
all a bit that we did with Matt in the
car but we actually did film his real
reaction and we actually put the boot on
his car before he came outside but I I
forgot to press the record button got
recorded you know what I got two words
and three syllables for you what are the
Karma okay
you
another one that's good is she showed me
this one it was Sun chips and peanut
M&Ms I can see that working
I mean this is I mean everybody knows
about like popcorn M&M Pina into the bus
I've heard people say that one does
basic just that's basic though I feel
like everybody does it
