that's it that's right yes that's it
that's it so guys what's up guys so if
you guys watch my blog it's okay so if
you watched my blogs you know that I
love two things so so my so my buddy
Josh Peck - so my so my buddy so my
buddy Josh pecks are calling me my buddy
so my so my buddy Josh mag my buddy Josh
Peck use that described as an
unidentified projectile in here lobby
about making a joke but there's an
actual problem that we are to do it on
its way so we got it on camera well no
one's gonna see it you know what that is
why I started going to therapy I just
can't handle this world right now oh you
really need to start there I just went
to a therapist actually really how do
you like that I really did it's like a
great like release - just like spill out
what's going on upstairs I mean I'd
rather talk to another person instead of
Banting to you all the time it is crazy
though like I'd rather like talk to my
friends I'd rather talk to somebody I
know and really like tell them about my
feeling so it's crazy that like a lot of
people like going to someone that they
don't know or someone that doesn't even
know Dom there's no since you don't know
the person you're able to like fully be
your like true self is they they don't
know you they don't judge you you're not
gonna see them like tomorrow or doing
metal bars I'll kill all your friends
and all of his friends are all just like
hey Bob is this a very confidential have
you tell them something really like yeah
in terms you are planning to harm
somebody or someone has harmed you and
they like legally like have to say what
if that person got hurt I'm talking to
you you're my honey I think the
therapist is like well they step outside
the role being a therapist ago we need
to take action because oh and the person
can't just like no no no I just wanted
to talk to you that I don't want you to
say anything like it they make you sign
that contract that just says like if
someone is like being harmed or like
hurt you were planning to harm somebody
like the contract likes its private that
is my own private personal well do you
want to talk about what you talked about
in the I saw a one-eyed cat the other
day walking down the side I see that cat
all the time it looks badass
they'll be sell it for like a lot of
money yeah guys I'm super excited to
announce that I'm partnering with live
dot me to promote their new
anti-bullying campaign squash the hey
squash the hey see what does that mean
an anti-bullying campaign yeah we're
trying to make the internet a more
positive place which is something that
you know we can all use now oh really
yeah taken up an anti-bullying campaign
good for you same real good for you
claps with you I should be the one
promoting an anti-bullying campaign
that's really awesome you take that
cause trust me when heap ends a mess
with me it's all in good fun but I think
that's really great that you're gonna be
doing this with live Dominic to
celebrate this anti-bullying car Matt
and I are gonna go live on live dot me
on August 29th at 5 p.m. ladies and
gentlemen obviously we're not gonna do
August 29 because obviously this was
before so we've changed it to September
3rd at 5 p.m. thank you which is a
Tuesday which is a Sunday at 5 p.m.
Pacific so we're basically gonna be
making each other richer bracelets while
we talk you guys cuz what better way to
squash the hate and spending it with
your best friends and celebrating your
friendship together exactly make sure to
click the link in the description box
below to download it for free and add me
adds 8 in the app and tune into our last
stream when we go live hmm so squash the
hey was it the rule but it will blame
rule a and I had this theory what if you
started a bet on rule and you know how
rule I can either be red or black
exactly so I say the ones that don't
know what roulette is related is
basically the gambling on a certain
number or color yeah that's gonna land
on it all goes into a big spinny dish
and then it lands on a number and a
color and you can bet on the number
itself or you can bet on the color you
can bet if it's even or odd okay like
that's a whole big table where you can
put your chip on certain color so I got
this a brilliant idea G the genius that
I am what
you just bet ly hundred dollars okay if
he doesn't land on $100 then you bury
hundred off on one color one column one
color on the same color it's kind of
like eventually hit hit the color
exactly but if you don't get it just
increase more of what you just lost
because we cuz we've been to different
casinos every time you watch a roulette
tail when you watch the game go it never
just stays on red for more than like
eight times it's always gonna go back to
black or pretty it's pretty 5050 exactly
so is like seeing dollar signs in
designs I know how much money you put
down let's just say I think okay let's
just say I put down live debug doesn't
hit on red or black hits on green which
is like one of like the little notches
on the spinny ball lands on one there's
36 red and 36 black or was it 18 red and
18 blonde yes and then worn green and of
course it's the we're like okay so let's
put more on black every time you double
it you double right or is that you
triple it oh you like triple it from
there if you don't get it you triple it
again so that number now or at cuz we
thought we were gonna be hitting has
like all the remaining chips he has and
it's like a good amount I mean it is now
triple of everything he's long and just
cozy I thought there was no way like I
have to hit the color this time there's
just no way there's there's no way I'm
not gonna get my money back like because
if you just keep it like the higher you
go the more you're gonna win I lost all
my money running to the ATM like there's
like different gears of people that we
see just playing and like some people
are very like frugal with their money
and some people like it just seems like
they won the lottery and they're just
the way they throw thousands of dollars
on like
games word you know like they don't even
know how to play and they're just I was
sitting between those two guys they were
like best friends and one of them was
like really drunk and the other friends
like come on we're gonna win back that
money and they put I swear ten or twenty
thousand dollars the way they were
acting and they're almost seem like do
not have this money they put like a
couple hundred I like black and I just
go I'm gonna go read he got this man
let's do black let's do black either
betting everything black all the sudden
it was red and I'm like I could not
handle the conversation because one of
them like just kind of letting the other
guy spend his money yeah and the other
guy who's so confident and he knew that
even like wasn't getting it right he
lost a lot of money and they lost their
friendship I want to walk link okay I'm
not doing a good job that's why I don't
have a dog to be just fun this is boring
and not key they gotta carry her that's
not boring and oh no are you liking the
dog woke up this morning and I walk by
the dog and I would say link listen I'm
gonna take you out to go to the bathroom
right after I poop cuz I really gotta go
and she was like I sat down and she sat
down right in front of me I know what
happened I turned my head or looked at
my phone for a second and I looked back
up and there was a puddle of piss on the
floor and she was just right here like
look at me in the eye like Jason I don't
think you're ready you've never watched
a single episode I don't even want to
hear any more from your mouth because
just the way you said yeah it's good if
you can invest my life into that why
don't have
you don't have time for a game of
everybody has time for Game of Thrones
yeah - so you watch one for one hour
watch the other for another hour want to
get those for an hour was it any Charlie
David Brandon recently big Nick has
proven himself to be just kind of heard
that I'm not one of the kids join it
subscribe to my channel or see more
stuff from me and all my friends oh
because I Jordan thank you so much for
being such a good supporter anything
else to add ladies you look like you're
having a bad time so let's just think a
little positive note in the end of this
vlog and let's top on the hater so let's
see those ladies Scully doesn't know
that Fiona and me do it in my van every
Sunday she tells him she's in church but
she doesn't go still she's
you download the app ads Eanes username
all the description below
do those great
