it's been so long so something in this
seat and you've been in backseat and
it's your car I feel is back in business
ah see all the red in this car it's
always gave us a concert my memorabilia
thing later what a memory abelian
memorabilia can't see those big vocab
words about I don't know what that I
don't know what that shin-bi's thing
like sports memorabilia where it's like
you get like like a signed helmet or you
get like a a Jersey it's like oh hey we
all learned something new so now I know
the memorabilia of the day she baby
calendar it's like a new word have to
like find a way to use it yeah today
let's you know this is the whole video
is evolved around emo I thought let's
let's talk about our high school years I
was never like super emo I was like
weird as baby we're trying to run it are
you trying to give this video is
sponsored and he wants to run it right
now she likes being around like smokers
cuz like she can't smell she's like just
blow it in my face like she really likes
the smell of like cigarette well you
know secondhand smoke is worse than
first and smelly that's where we
continue this journey I do have a little
special announcement yah boy got a
brandy
I think it's cute how you always trying
to one-up me I get my Lopez means brand
ear now you gotta get on and I mean hood
okay watch my store you like it they
think that I could do it better you get
a best fiends Brando I get a new car you
have to get a new car you try to make me
look bad and try to lie about it so you
know how much I love best piece I talk
about all the time I talk about in heats
video I played that game every single
night before I go to bed like honestly
in my favorite game just to let the
people know that have no idea what this
game is that's fees is a free puzzle
adventure game you build and defeat the
slug you take little tutti-frutti to go
boo boo boo and then you exactly jingle
you got your boys on level 145 bada-bing
bada-boom
you gotta match all the colors so
starting today you can watch the in-app
world premiere of the awesome new
animation short visit minutiae and then
you can play the end game visit minutiae
big baby right clip welcome to minutiae
the land of son
after this video download that came for
free and if you download the game using
my link you'll get five dollars worth of
gold and diamonds for free baby hey you
don't gotta boogie you know it's your
link with the old timey mob boogie so
they go back to capital baby or yeah
whatever talking that we were you
weren't emo but you like to dress like
that look I was like seen cuz I had like
long hair and it was like teased out
before it's seen it was like huh I know
I was glad I was just like I wanna be
just a hardcore wanted by straight hair
it didn't even look good flippin up on
the bottom and you'd have like this
little lake just looked really bad ever
the picture of it right here just like
it was the worst hair ever I spent a lot
of time on this hair to know everybody
laughed at me - like did you see his
leopard pants today what all something
we made fun of it wasn't your pants my
hair it was I looked like a horse it was
just a hair it just like eat me in front
of me - okay okay we all do it I'll
gossip behind each other's bags
I love the emo people that we were
friends with oh you're just like they're
really awesome
we're super into it yeah yeah it wasn't
just kind of seeing and experiencing
what a time to live in no it really was
I'm glad that I was in that wanna be
seen face where we going I don't know
were you taking me we haven't had in a
while
hold on oh you know it's on the corner
bitch you did not I so did because we
ran out we haven't had one of these oh
man my taste buds are too
that's rude you got me on these drinks
this video sponsor bitching you want me
to play I got you hard time 30 bucks
what business thank you my my face where
the Kardashians are sorry we need it I
just got a pedicure like a couple of
days ago you got a pedicure without me
my mom made me go you got a pedicure
with your mom but you didn't get one
goodbye mom made me I didn't want to
lose so awkward it tickles I couldn't
have known oh dude I got I got my I got
my toes done well it was the best
feeling in the world and I got it
painted today when they take the cheese
grater oh my god she about shaved off 3
pounds off my it was Jasper you probably
felt so naked and free after that all
that weight was just little they tell me
I had a fleet speed they had to see that
you wanna show me about this car makes
you wanna see something about you
driving should make you want to breathe
uh see what I'm really really proud of
you you deserve it so since we're
talking about emo stuff we're gonna have
curly hair and turn me emo because it's
concept baby baby you missed I know you
mention this time start acute he'll go
on like this little spree and like play
like his own music that I used to listen
to what did you do it my dad grounded me
yesterday crowded me and I don't know
what to say by the time you see this
video my Bureau doesn't be the pink here
is not emo beer it is like Psychopaths
No
my ICP what the hell's ICP Insane Clown
Posse Oh bring stuff for me too it'll be
a little similar but you know people all
wear the same shit anyway he's probably
right
you just appropriate our first things
first you're already wearing black and
none of my panties with me I do have
stuff my closet that would make me a
little bit more I mean like do you have
good Charlotte sure it's not my shirt
but it's like a misfit sir and its crop
its we're starting off great with the
audience start the hair yeah when we did
Cody's his was already like straight and
weird and I was like do this in your
free time I don't even have enough hair
for you to straighten right now yes no
that's like very early oh my god it's
something for your biggest email
influences you know I think Hillary
haywire in a band know she's a girl that
went to our local mall every Friday the
mall is called Sawgrass Mills Mall and
every weekend every specific Friday
night all the scenes and emos gathered
together just like hang out there and
just smoke cigarettes all I mean like a
whole popularity contest thing where
it's just like oh my god that's her oh
my god that's the kid for like because
it was all from MySpace
so barely direct I was the kid that
really wanted to be one of them and I
was I could never be I could never be
one oh my god seems like the most seen
girl she had like signings at hot top
someone watching is this probably good
no she as a hitter
you like cheese my hair trouble I'm an
addict I'm addicted to this girl she's
got my heart tied in a knot and my
stomach in the world but even though
let's just I wanted her and that's not I
wanted more I mean damn what's not to
adore to that but no words to any other
creature my name's a drop-dead sane okay
I don't this is gonna fit your hand
because it barely looks like something
that you have in like the hands made and
tail really a few more to cry and nod
you know what I'm saying
I'm piercing your nose oh really you're
putting it in my eyeball no it's nice is
this makeup animal cruelty free No yeah
was your favorite band
you know you love never showing up I
actually done like the Hydra thorn hi
hey Kimberly cupcake my name is job big
thing did you ever like go all out guys
like this like I would never go as far
as we're naked all that I feel like my
parents would look at me as a disappoint
like they would just have no idea what's
going on even know what like emo or seem
they just thought I was going crazy
so like imagine if I just had makeup on
and they don't my poor parents like me
listen to this one you like I couldn't
Drive and yellow team X and they just
what out a new CD can be listened to it
I literally made the most of Evanescence
a lot my daughter's gonna murder people
no I used to listen to that shit with my
like my heart bro you guys like some
friend didn't like meet up with me in
the food court sad oh this is Fall Out
Boy this doesn't count on me I was like
a like an emo scene something we were
not
anymore a a hundred sixteen are we done
here yeah you look really like we're
waiting for more stuff this is a first
time is like a really good
thanks man oh my god it's so weird yeah
I know this is like there's like people
in our school that was like this this is
like how far they went I wanted to be
seen but I didn't want to like you my
family would have like disowned me if I
was this emo this early they need to see
somebody right guys thanks for watching
make sure like this video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to my channel if you
wanna see more stuff for me and all my
friends I just want to say thank you to
best face for sponsoring this video I
did my first integration with them a
year ago and I'm still a big fan I play
every night before I go to bed out of
the week goes to Jenna thank you so much
for keeping up with all myself and
watching all my videos I really
appreciate it anything else that thank
you best fiends for bein my babies right
you know you gotta get the little you
got a match little tutti-frutti
