like if you're black you should get a
like huge tacky Gucci green sweater why
would I ever want to work we used to
make money on a first-class ticket so it
wasn't like that expensive it cost as
much as the ground trip coach figure why
did I spend money on clothes we're all
confused why you spent money on coach
when all you had to spend like a train
you had been first class no David is
making us feel guilty because he
apparently we had a dinner the rich will
side with his parents but he didn't he
didn't bother to tell any of us so now
your mom is gonna say home sad with a
bunch of you asked Todd did you ask me
but what do you think I was gonna do
that was just sit outside and wait for
you guys to eat dinner me parties say go
kiss the Blarney Stone over and Velarde
many years ago me and all they're saying
a song to me the sound so sweet and it's
a little did he do where do you learn
these things you don't 5% hours are you
really you could say we're pretty much
brothers great baby's belly with a you
change you change
oh my god my name's eighties Oh baby's
already together the money to get a
billboard to create the saves in Chicago
I couldn't focus that's what it look
like you guys woke up halfway through
that plane started boom and looked at
David David does not say it we're done
he's going down
Oh piss though cuz I'm like I gotta go
down with crazy that I was ok with it
because to everybody everybody behind us
was like what's that a real K like when
you start you're like that's not normal
I thought that was like call me sugar
cuz we're going down only one plane has
gone down to turbulence that was it like
19 something today with the day like
what do you hate that what pattern was
that can when we were going over the
ocean Mike you should know Mike you
should have felt that turbulence is
terrifying video of our hour of horror
planets shaking like clover pieces on
Jason has like a leprechaun fear Jason
as a rainbow I'd like this Trisha first
the particle
I think it's time to take off the
neckbrace
you can't wait for our sweet thing
brooms are way too expensive so mine are
sharing one but maybe we should do it in
bad mood we check here we go oh just the
one king bed we took care of you
gentlemen we open it up it's just like
every say hi my ex our uber Jack this is
a couple sweet we're gonna get crazy so
before we continue I just wanna let
everybody know that I filmed this entire
segment on my iPhone and didn't realize
that my iPhone had it broken might so
everything is very mobile so I had to up
all the audio and you might have to wear
headphones but you might not have to
just give you guys warning and yeah
enjoy let me get some popcorn and just
eat your popcorn
don't even bother watching it cuz we
just learned today that um there is
something called Spanx for men for men
really these rates per minute she's like
they kind of expect you kind of suck you
in and they make you skinny
this was me you didn't try that one no I
tried the other with thank you oh my god
just as door sigh alright we're done
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure to LIKE this video if you enjoyed
it subscribe to my channel went to see
more stuff for me all my friends jolly
goes to Taylor Evans thank you so much
give you it with all my stuff and
watching all my videos I really
appreciate it
the week maybe spanking that
what's happy to place forever
they put in like a pot and they turn
around it's like it's almost like pop
five deep-dish pizzas for those who
share something that was so obvious who
names who names their company : and go
this is this is common in comoving cut
that right oh let's see everyone oh my
god Lucy how can people watch the
rainforest
let's get a rain forest cover we do that
one last time we were here with that
girl here I did it was a great day I'm
elated marking my ass one thing I wore
