just when it's posting danger boy has no
content yeah becomes them for the rescue
right so four months ago my mom decided
to do something that she's never done in
her life or something she would never
even think of doing her life she's
densely trained for four months so she
could enter a bikini competition like
you know muscular and it was like the
craziest thing because this is something
but she would never ever do that to
stage fright like because she's on stage
all that everything I just really
respect her because she's got out of her
comfort zone and you know I say it's
that time I come right now oh yeah what
you did a few last week I went to
Applebee's guys got salad and on the
left
Oh
my purses are kicking in better look at
that oh my god my eye hurts maybe we
should go to that that's a broken side
that's what they say when you walk
inside my massage oh I'm a patio right
now they're like people keep my keys got
your getting twenty thousand piercing
today waiting you cooking
yoga everything in here went to Game of
Thrones oh look at that look at that
Oh many questions of somebody in cameras
on school a drag on saw the act of first
dragon Colleen it's very simple I don't
know how do you know what you see good
good I mean 11 vices for you I get
offended when people who don't know
Thrones I give you if you doing a person
of a character and you get it wrong at
the Cortez can I do a character no you
say right that's why I'm very happy I'm
surprised you got it right didn't she
wants like two episodes yeah I started
watching started watching season 1
watched three episodes what Amy do you
never watched the game you had your
favorite get in here here of course
you're gonna use that word after you
know are ya know something about can you
just get this beer there's a bar right
there right here and then don't little
bull ring right here judge a character
just with the thing go through your skin
big book phone no it's a cultural thing
I would think if this happened in there
those are real bows out that these like
animal bones yep like deer antlers
coming in like where's your husband
needs on my face do they still yeah they
do more bones as Pierce I think there's
a gate of rehab of bones in them right
yeah
by Gators did you yeah I plug the head I
think bubbly five eight events of the
photos are to be seen so bad and has a
cute clothes I take mommy the ones that
like like a so anything that went
through no I had the one that you could
it's an elastic thing and you can see
through it only my cover is yeah every
time someone look at me they're lying
you don't look like someone I would have
vendor here I'm like I just want to be
seen so bad Gabby you look like a new
person with the weather it's good it's
like it's different it's different
well anybody is different yeah no you
look great I keep telling Gaby that
she's lost a ton of weight you're doing
amazing sweetie what's the weirdest
thing you've Pierce in this a 7-point
vaginal causes what pretty close with
vagina with a classic adventure but a
ball piercing hold on can I do that not
seen custom music alright you ready do
you make them where like at dick thought
that only shows the top you got to see
the full thing usually also like I'll
put one of these dry some of them make
it cool while the piercing is in my head
how long is your nothing executed oh my
god fuck me hate it hate it more than I
do and I can edit where they do is or
knows it's like a world these are really
filming like this wow what the fuck well
good you bought you must relaxing print
that is eggs and I hope you have a good
song like yeah there it is Yeah right my
god oh my god what's happening right now
because that's the worst thing that's
ever happened in my terrifying no
nothing that I'm doing good
Oh daddy grabbing your arm what did you
sign when you've washed up on a
beautiful I'm just like s worth it it's
really nice at all anymore I haven't
even seen the digester you wiping his
pissin shit already here you sleep or
something oh my god he really likes me
no girl don't kiss oh my god this is
this is her guy this is lane to the blog
I know everybody seen already but she
wanted to introduce her in my channel Oh
get that piece I show everybody bigger
here alright but he'll talk about my
hubby that way look at her cause she
looks like a teddy bear is my name
there's so many names that could have
been better do you puppy David space
Corbin get it all the shops got what if
her name was Liza Co she every time you
did something with a dog you say like
Isaac oh she peed on my floor my child's
gonna fucking turn into her channel so I
can smack that so she is a smack thank
you and thanks Lexi by Qi so damned if
you have a puppy here your husband
please Lee better than me and his house
now it's like a home now we got nothing
in our house we need to get like an
animal plumbing that we love we're just
going to get like a komodo giant a
scheduler thing one of those big Komodo
dragons in honest bed you could like
walk them on a leash and everything it's
like the coolest thing we were hugging
him and like do it like there's just I
felt so much love from this promoter
idea and it is now I won't you should do
that or even if you don't actually get
one happy guy come over with it again
our new puppy in this video we're both
blind but would you take these number
one dog this is a puppy right but yeah
you'll see her a lot in the future yes I
was a by Blanc
say goodbye wow she's dawn alright guys
thanks for watching make sure like this
video to enjoy it subscribe to my
channel you want to see more stuff for
me and all my friends I saw you side
over here
okay can you say bottle in there so we
good a value yeah but tuna fish effect
overlay shadows we got the Hana thank
you yes
ah
you got the second
first leave it all is recording normal
stuff
