you're lucky you're 18 Oh would you like
to do the honors or should I do it Matt
is being a very mean to me so I thought
hey maybe let's um what we're doing this
weekend would you like to say or would
you like me to say hey bitch guests as
get tickets to Hamilton to see new only
the biggest fight in history
you guys got tickets to the mcgregor
mayweather fighting so nothing okay okay
we're just kidding I just wanted to tell
you because I mean wait oh no no no we
do have tickets to buy it so you know
you know how David always ranks us with
Nate's or score taking the private jet
there honey and we don't have room for
that either
but was the destination on McGregor
fight I'm trying to make a joke out of
it and nobody yeah we out
David goddess niggas yeah we're going
that we're going to for a day you guys
not a private jet and going to Vegas
were we being mean to you we were just
kidding right okay so before we continue
this video I just want to give a huge
shout out to see chief response our
entire trip to Vegas and hooking us up
big with free tickets the McGregor vs.
Nate weather if you don't know what sea
geek is sea geek is a fan first app that
our case tickets across the internet and
he's a geek you want they'll put a score
from zero to a hundred and make sure
you're getting a good deal so download
the app make sure to click the link in
the description below and use my codes
ain't want you get $20 off any sea geek
tickets you want I've used the app
before and it honestly is the easiest
and best app to use when you want to get
tickets to go to any show you want by
the way I want to talk to you about
something you see when I dyed my beard
it was supposed to be something that
like you know that like I did like there
was it was my thing you know how was the
guy with the pink beard and you look
like part of the Lollipop Guild I think
it's because he shaved all your beard
and your hair like you just look naked
now you have like silver purple hair
today you say you just look naked and
you pan back guys you know what I think
that's I would like to call that a light
periwinkle you're definitely gonna look
very interesting this weekend and they
got like what color your suits gonna be
I should I do it the same colors my hair
if you went for like a light purple
light pink and then your hair is like
that I think it could look really cool
you want people there just thinking who
is this guy like obviously this guy
feeling it's gonna be rowdy but at the
same time the people that go there have
have money right yeah that's the thing
though like I want to kind of just
comfortably because we're gonna be
sitting there for a while we're going
somewhere really exciting this weekend
guys but I can't tell you yet you'll
find out through snapchats and all that
but I don't want to talk about no yeah
but it's really exciting and it's really
I'm wearing like always eat the problem
with this for me if I was wearing this
outfit when I stood up there just be a
big stain on my ass from Lee aspects oh
no like you think the white is gonna be
for me I don't know if it's your ass but
I have really bad whomp Eos so what it's
called in your last what's long past my
butt like seems like it's kind of like
what you had that night you're 18 oh are
you really gonna go there with your
beard like that I kind of wish I had the
full full pink like when I first diet it
just went really good with outfit is
what it looked really weird and now it
just looks like shit no I'm over it it
looks really bad I just want to trim it
another reason why I came here because I
want you to turn movie I mean I brought
my own trimmer in my own size thing so I
feel like you can't really mess up the
length of it you're still gonna I don't
want to look like you man how'd I might
beer paint for a video but I would never
shave my favorite video cuz it looks so
bad and I'm not ready for that change
you know but I am ready for you to turn
my hair because I trust you
woah that was me transporting us into
the bathroom where am I supposed to do
is he coming home yeah all the things
look it's off oh my god is just suicide
it's gonna be pretty sure you don't
leave your mustache man let's think
moving around yeah here's stuff thinking
it
it's coming off the colors like it's
like bread two yellows like a little
flame on your and that left handed this
is where we have room to mess up
look at that you're like you're mowing
the lawn I am low in the lab baby I
don't like that no hair on my face I
just keep the pink beard guys are you
having fun watching this ASMR video can
I say a little gopher I don't know how
to explain it
I just think it looks funny the mustache
is still pretty thick it is kind of
ginger it's kinda like my beard look
like a different person actually right
now leave my dog afterwards she's a
husky she gets hot we even said it'd
look bad because you said she was like
Susie hear this she was like timsy you
look really good interesting okay make
sure you clean them to shave my pubes he
walks out do you like it in a private
plane fly into some commercial airline
if I have an anxiety
this is that look how tight this I'm
freaking out I'm sorry Jason we're gonna
die skydiver you know is that playing
this size and I just don't remember it
be
it was bouncy but like I think I was
just so terrified that was gonna jump
off it more than the bouncing honestly
just like it was gonna jump out of this
it's happening are you really scared are
you doing a bathing suit I'm terrified
really awkward
on a fancy-ass private jet for the field
I feel good not getting drunk and having
to pay for it check out my history
No
oh my god
oh alright guys thanks for watching make
sure liked this video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to my channel if you want
to see more stuff for me and all my
friends shout out of the week goes to
Charlotte thank you so much for keeping
up with all myself watching all my
videos I really appreciate it oh baby
you got anything else on my new look
come on you yeah a little bit it's
different it's it's different that's all
like in a good way right like it's in
like a different way baby but how long
is it gonna take to like go back
how do you like it I like it it looks
like you lost 10 pounds sometimes it
looks like you lost it Oh
