what does that do okay so watch the
revenant the entire movie is nearer to
Gabrielle by himself trying to survive
this is one scene where this india hicks
min he saved is like you know your
suspect health and they should have fun
scene where they're waiting there in the
call the indian goes like that order can
eat using stolen and then leo season and
Leo goes if they're having all this joy
comes over that looks like and the point
of the scene I think is that's like they
still have hope about life there's still
something that they can enjoy even in
this darkest darkest hour I'll touch you
over the other day alright guys so now
we were doing an out Joker thing so
we've been basically keeping something
big from you for a pretty long time
right now about what three months up
it's been a while and we have to keep it
from you for multiple reasons but we've
decided that today was the time to build
right expose ourselves and tell you
exactly what we've been hiding like oh
my god you want to do you want to on its
own what it is I'm three two one
we're dating
when you touch me
when you wash me so powerful
ah what are you doing posture seat same
thing says let's go come on this club at
all baby hey let's replay the first
moment we got there like let's relive it
show them exactly how this felt yeah
when I heard one Reapers I keep saying
read exactly how well as soon as you got
it ready no good okay how do we turn it
on look at all these buttons it looks
like a keyboard it in turn this novel
look look you guys and then I have all
this people even know what it's like as
I have all day just remove it and then I
have this oh yeah battles and more than
bad why did why the collar goes with my
vibe I got a sunroof one like these
things look at what so oh yeah got
justice your seat to your body so you're
gonna have to put mine where it's very
awesome why so I can fit in a night it
feels so good because they're like
airbags in here exactly and on you that
sounds like a natural much for keeping
up with myself really really fun Barry
I'm very excited I'm very appreciative
and it's really cool girl you're really
cool you're really cool
so basically the story is that it was
shortly after he struck got stolen from
her garage but he was constantly going
to dealerships like looking at different
cars it kind of came out of nowhere
where he does like hey let's go to the
through the g-wagen dealership real
quick and we were just lucky
no no we were just go to Mercedes just
like look around and design a dream box
and we get there and they were just
hanging out like this one dude comes up
he's like oh yeah this is you know a D
wagon bah-bah-bah like okay cool I told
her repeatedly where I'm not getting I'm
not getting a car that I can't afford it
like it's just I'm Berlin's window
shopping and I don't like to hey like
we're going to get off the bother us and
then another dude comes up as I go yeah
talk about some we're like dude like no
no it's fine like this guy's like we're
good I don't know what it was but this
one dude inside they called us they're
actually we're actually leaving really
grandma leave yeah
where were you going like we're just
going to go like we're over it like well
what did you want to see and we're like
oh you know we're looking like you stuff
and then he was like oh did you see the
stuff upstairs and we're losing all
right yeah just come up here you into
and say was I right so for we continue
he is really really good at negotiating
on like when it when it comes to cars
like mainly whenever one of us want to
go get car he was the first one to go
with our person with you I've been with
you twice we did your G David's Mercedes
his Tesla - right and I went with him to
go get the test letter coming up but I
was helping him out through that hole so
he just really enjoys like going I just
yeah he loves cars a lot so he takes us
upstairs there was one specifically I
was like it was was a user bring you
there was the new one there was it was a
new one but like the price was he said
he would bring it down like all the way
down to like something really cheap if
we wanted and Dan was just like I'm
telling you right now I'm not buying a
car today
yeah and he as I guess what the guy that
just bought one said at that time I was
just like okay this guy like he's just
all talk like we're gonna end up getting
out of here and so I test drove me I
loved it like it was great we got back
down and he's like hey once you sit down
let's talk line yeah we'll talk but like
we knew that we weren't gonna get a new
car I basically said John and he starts
throwing all these prices out up and
they just it was awful like it was he
was bumping about 40 50 thousand dollars
extra and where it's like absolutely not
like all right we're like out of here
and it was just constant back and forth
with Heat
this guy he was just sitting here he was
just like this yeah who showed me a
price and say it's a good enough he's
like don't talk to me ask he's he's the
one exactly like he knows a good deal
and we're looking I was brand new its
but it was winter 17 but it was used but
it only had like 3,000 miles on it look
brand yeah they're brand new as soon as
the car goes off a lot of reishi Asian
goes down by like thousands of dollars
yeah so then we started looking at that
one and then we started working numbers
numbers numbers numbers no what if I
don't work at Nam and then we just
started talking about that one and then
Allroad because I think we just about
got it to a really really really good
price and we also made the guy because
we basically negotiating a brand new one
and then we switched to the use one last
minute and he still had everything on
his mind from the new one that's what
that over another thing that I was
talking to him about beings jeep trading
it in and then he heats up and put both
of it on it - it was like I kept saying
like I was like ok so you're taking off
the sticker price and then you're also
giving this for this which exactly it's
the same thing like you can either take
it off you can give it and then he
basically just like take it off so he
took it off and then put more on for the
Jeep the trade-in value I looked at it
and I was like Zane sided and so when he
went back to the last time this guy was
so over it cuz did we've been sitting
there for how many hours hours and he
basically gave me the best deal that you
can ever give to anybody on a brand new
g-wagon I looked at it on the paper and
I pointed that edge like pointed and
then he looked and he put his glasses on
nothing that she goes realizes he's
painfully we literally put the paper
down he was like he's like just just
sign the deal and yeah I couldn't go
back on it exactly I don't know no like
that was the offer I got back so much
more than what my Jeep was worth and
gave me one hell of a discount on a
brand new do again we walked out of
there heath and operating around the
dealership at what - I would call again
though because we go about it like just
stagnated I had I had to take it there's
just no way anybody would take this deal
if they saved unlike I've been saving up
for a good amount of time and it is my
baby now I feel like I'm back in my Jeep
but at 10 times that of racing but baby
you don't forget about it I don't forget
about you G
you forgot
name already I didn't even come up with
a name that was Janina that's
embarrassing my name of my new G wagons
called GG so why we kind of hid this
from you is because back when he's truck
got stolen it was like it was like a
really intense moment he was going
through a lot like it just it was a
really shitty situation it was kind of
my fault because my Jeep was on low I
locked my Jeep all the time and of
course one time I don't lock my Jesus
girl takes his spare key from my Jeep
and takes his chocolate and made me feel
like complete US and the Laughing wanted
to do was show off my new car when I
don't have when he still didn't have a
new car so I like I kind of wanted a
wait until today because
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure like this video to enjoyed it
subscribe to my channel you want to see
more stuff for me and all my friend
charlie go to Vanessa thank you so much
for keeping it with all myself in
watching all my videos that really
appreciate you guys thank you so much
for watching all of our videos and being
supportive and allowing us to like do
what we love every day I don't want to
make it too long wish it was just like
thank you guys so much and we really
appreciate that so to end this video let
up I'm just going to replay the thing
song baby you give me
and I'm lying in bed with her and she
starts talking about her kids and she's
really granted I so I starts fall asleep
like it's light how I'm doing even
during my talk about this kind of the
whole she's talking to me and I'm
drifting off and I know really really
bad and I would have listened to her
like I want to talk to her about her
prog actually like and I start to lucid
dream I dream it I'm like flying on the
side of a cliff and so I said to her
please
loosen gchat back to do fires last night
I'm telling about inventory he's like oh
whoa what was going on I think you says
we watch the revenant is like seeing all
this weird and lucid dreaming you
know because of what you're doing and I
go you know Leonardo DiCaprio giving me
giving each other the tools give each
other and Brandon goods are far easier
getting chips the Indians in the course
we will cry I was on the floor I feel as
though my funniest nights are with heat
as you boy right I just that environment
for some reason is just it's hilarious
here alone
yeah there's nobody there what are you
guys eating that late good anyways
you're obviously depressed
oh well stars are fighting to get back
there and I'm gonna jab your eyes for
some pain you want to try it
