so right now we're at again compatibly
turn around cause we saw David's
birthday weekend and you know of course
I I'm the type that doesn't tell
anything everyone else yeah you too
we just vote the next day you post on my
days and then I post on Davis's
yeah love what do you tweeted when you
close before Davis but I was a day late
oh I forgot that I hosted late I threw
that mutton as well as a funny joke and
later on call he's like Zane he
literally posted a day late and I was
like oh shit you're right
every time you turn back your beard is
with you right now
yeah I'm when you turn back there and
really really really really back look
I'm not good at what I do I'm not even
using my camera I'm using Corinna's
cameras you know she got like a $40,000
Rose doesn't seem right you don't have
any thought maybe we should research and
probably like $500 dollars like you know
what let me just get a ball of Jack in
like some waters for the hotels I'm not
drinking so I ordered why and they were
$300 the whole thing came up 800 this is
like this one bottle like $30 like a
good $5 so I like it we didn't realize
we didn't realize that like having a
complimentary like $40,000 room whatever
we buy is going to be ratio to like that
right so if we buy a pizza the piece is
probably gonna be like 150 bucks
look at the ring one flies like
full-function wants to give me the
waters and everything I was like Jesus I
did not expect this prices like I'm at
Vegas crisis but the rooms here or like
40 bucks I love the size they're worth
you're only 40 bucks
and we're not going to stay there I
don't know who you're waiting over is it
simpler marketing but who everybody know
like 40,000 I get a grip on over at the
Luxor to figure out why they make the
room so cheap and it's because I thought
I think it's because they make you so
cheap so people spend all their money on
the slot spray or is it something else
if you ever really goes out internet
baby
this is Vegas all of this is paid for by
people who lost money I'm going on a
hundred dollars in longer just like it
just seems so illegal gambling in the
futures can be illegal illegal here at
Christian dollars blackjack table and
chips and I lost it in three minutes
thank you slowly it's a skinny so you
know how much I put on a blackjack table
nothing and I went nothing how much am I
lost
nothing more how much have I gained a
good time I saw you I started with Alex
like a camel unless you looks really
into it you come back with $100 chips
down $800 and now I'm up 150 because I
put down for one and then I'm not gonna
dodge and I got blackjack
congratulations getting new pedicures
look about a week I got it work right
and they all that's okay sorry from you
good with you um Jane this is why your
remember the war on 437 wanted you to
promote Paul the wart on your face oh my
god we will talk about Liggett ofwar I
just go by that like dr. Scholl's
remover over the beauty
oh yeah look I'm just exposing look look
oh my god you Jesus we got our table we
can look em again every time you turn
around I love it Matt mention it earlier
but it literally just your neck and like
the bottom of your beard a lot of the
time what do you mean
look at the street what it is right now
if this is art every disaster struck our
baby difficult or okay this is the hot
Las Vegas weather is high 110 fullest if
the infinity pool goes down to the lobby
Ponyboy yeah anyway that was a little
case of what we've been doing here for
the past few days but everybody say bye
Shane oh sorry there were a group we
turn around your order oh my god alright
guys the moment you've all been waiting
for drop roughly are you ready you ready
three two one
ready this when the button when the
detectives get 2 cameras even that
versus camera in the vegan backyard
study since so that you once there could
be an aggregate that prospers in you
know what to do because bringing all
these in I didn't suspect much winter
season that the end kick a little bit
you come from trees and you know what
Jason come here
welcome so dumb you're like it is so
they look like an audition room that's
like an admission row because that's
something I want to talk about I did my
first audition masters really did is I
didn't graduate if you couldn't film
anything because you came filming audit
room but I did my first audition your
camera but Jack brought me an audition
and it was these lines and I was
practicing with Angie it's just like a
very dramatic you see what you did
you're Madison wonderfully uh you know
in this getting her reading these lines
they're each other and I'm just like
yelling uh I don't know how to really
live II went over them over and over
again I was confident enough after only
two hours of breathing like two pages
finally got it and I'll get a while I
feel comfortable like I'm ready for this
audition also any jobs are like I'm not
ready I can't do this I'm so scared I'm
gonna help I'm not prepared Jack's like
dude you just kind of do it push this
like this is gonna make you look that so
just go in there and just do it like
what if I can he's like this just be
ready like a lot of like a lot of two
pages is it like big chunks or just like
no it's the easiest script you'll ever
read in your entire life or other scary
as people make it to be or are they just
like to their design desserts fine I
thought it was going to be like a long
big long room during the back and
they're not like right in front of your
face and I thought it'd be very like
comfortable nope they're right here
eight people right in front of me and
I'm like oh my god ladies and I just
just stain right there and I barely I'm
supposed to like know what to do already
I've never done like an audition I've
never taken on addition class I've never
like there's just certain things you
have to do when you won't get all this
or you have to I this is a to your plan
your um whatever whatever whatever I
didn't do any of that and okay looking
character it was just a guy that might
it was a guy that like like the girl
someone it was just a dramatic moment
and so just one of the parts and one of
the it was one of the main five people
like I was one of them
please crayon needle please about an
exact year but I walk in but my script
says that it is not good to go back and
forth you have to like kind of yes I'd
like prepare for you to memorize I'm not
gonna okay so fold it up and put in my
pocket I'm saying you just the moment
they're like okay are you ready and they
saw right through me there would be
Donnelly are you ready thing is that
they're running through people all day
so they have no time to be like
comforting me or this it's okay both
dish okay we have a show to run let's go
like but and they thought it was it was
really intimidated they were so
intimidated but like why should it into
a name you like I'm in there I'm just
trying to really I would free to go
I just sort of read my life I wish I had
a line you hand in your pocket or not I
had a mohawk it he took about by the
fuckin line
okay let me get this say it was like
this hello that's you
Abigail nice weather we're having
let's just say it was so bad if the lady
reading the line to me was a better
actress yeah yeah any script that you
have that I can like that you can kind
of teach me so I think for the next
video I'm going to show you how to act I
think that's what you should do I look
for you choose me I am to do I think I
have some old scripts from some dramas
from TV dramas like very very dramatic
stuff and then I'll teach you how to act
older for my video yet and then we'll
have Josh back critique it alright guys
thanks for watching make sure liked this
video joining us discuss what you want
to see more stuff for me and all my
friend tells me goes out lion's roar
such a good look on TV oh boy would you
say we're here for
you
I said look look at this valet parked my
car in a handicapped spot look like it
ever thundercat what a douche I got 15
seconds to fill up the time to hit that
Gemina mark baby but I don't giving them
content my channel you to please do it
let me four kids oh my gosh dude
