okay so there's this black car in our
parking garage and it looks like a car
that's on a show called entourage so we
were talking about that and this happens
in aren't only comes in the elevator we
ask her if she knows who the owner of
the car is and the way she goes up to
Zane just watch this car she like kind
of gets in so we just talked to her
about it healing Tina who was like watch
how she cuts up today when I was in the
elevator but now that I'm watching it
she got really close grab my hat because
I'm like reacting to her getting so
close to you I like kind of freaked out
my god hot in here oh my god this is how
actually he keeps track if I'm homework
CBC's out of my car's bark he just comes
right on over this backyard and these
bees have been here for about four
months since you've moved them since
they've moved in I mean it'd be so baby
one sings you that sends it that I know
that's true so that's scary that's when
you we like on till one stings but like
that's not up to you it's up to them if
you leave or not no I don't think they
go that fast honeycomb inside the fence
it's just living in there and it's
lining on the song on the other side of
the fence it's inside the
beautiful probably look like but oh my
god look at this guy's hello my favorite
one is when the water goes on her face
and it's just a good cause hello and you
could tell it's real it wasn't locked
out drunk hello I was talking about this
other day but like I can't breathe out
here everyone were talking about like
how I'm like my nose now the community
is like make it be so stuffy that I
can't like my eyebrows I'm sweaty
yeah like I know Florida is ten times
worse in here right now we're just so
not used to it that this is like things
that we're so used to Florida and like
we just adopted but like every year is
getting worse and worse so being out
here for three years and every time we
go back and visit soon as you get off
that plane in the Florida you're like
dude like you can't sit out you can't
sit outside like hang out like we
wouldn't be able to do this outside we
couldn't talk like we couldn't get more
than set this out cuz it's just so
clogged though my life has been since
I've had this big beard I just like
fully forgot about it it's like growing
on me now I still get stared at
everywhere I go I constantly guess looks
these are those like this like
especially when I'm driving like when
people just take like take a look at me
and then they get that second log like
what do you think I should do I mean
I've kind of gotten used to it but it's
starting to look trashy now in the
beginning it was like nice bright pink
but now it's like faded and like your
mustache is like orange and like your
black beards growing underneath it yeah
even when it was like fully dyed it look
like it's a link would look like a bad
kid you'd have like four Molly's on you
that you're trying to sell at Coachella
you would totally go up to me oh yeah
you're the drug guy it's like very
discouraging yeah I mean I just thought
it'd look weird and different I looks
fine why is it the color or is it just a
guy beard in general I feel like if it
was like purple it would look they'll be
a little funny I think people are just
putting me like there
they're comparing y'all in Corona I
don't know if I want to do a verbal blue
or just a background shave it up maybe
I've seen you with a saber I do I come
look at you know but like trimming cuz
you have like black underneath it so if
you trend it's like this long you'd be
fine leaving trims it out to this long
cuz it's growing black underneath the
pink so if you trimmed it under like a
shorter length it would just be black
under you don't even just cut the pink
section out they're not having to pink a
pink frosted tip on my beard but it's
big instead of long just dye it back to
normal color at least I'm still trying
to figure though I got to find the same
brown color he's gonna look it's gonna
be hard to imagine it's just gonna look
like an ombre Brown to light Browns like
a lighter brown it looks serious yeah
what'd it look like
Oh Pink's a joke but it feels like light
brown you doing is this he's a
poser is he trying to be up well the
kids watching this not the adults but
the kids it's just been really hard
going out you know remember when we were
like 19 years old 18 years old when we'd
be envious by older people that can like
go out and have a good time and we
couldn't even do that yet and like we're
24 years old now and just I just don't
like going out anymore it's just like is
just what is it I realized it I realized
that in Vegas and I couldn't do it
anymore
yeah in Vegas it was a great time we had
fun but we were at the club one night
and it was like a table whatever and I
remember sitting there and I was at the
table with Jason and the strobe lights
were like flashing like this
I closed my eyes and I put my head down
I was like Jason I'm about that I'm
about to seize up I'm about that seizure
I'm about it was like dude I know I'm
like I'm getting way too old for this
like I can't handle he's like yeah tell
me about it I was like I just can't do
it and it's I think I think well I think
that like first off that was a night
that was intense even me I think
everybody there like it was just this is
real to my very overwhelming who's
people that do that every other day and
just spend all night there and then keep
drinking till like 5:00 and like that's
that's intense we don't do anything like
that going in Vegas that was just like
something we did once in a blue moon
damn it David David just was just like
damn this is a lot right now and he's
what he just turned 21 in a board game
last night yeah we've been staying in
doing board game nights like it's fun
you kids will learn to appreciate it as
you get a little older but like because
like it's so expensive to go out to like
going out drinking of something it's a
lot of money for Jess I'm not even worth
it going to like a bar going to a place
and just like having to get everybody
there and they're just hanging there and
you bring more then you're gonna be
drunk I need a to be hungry you're gonna
get drunk cheese and you know it's like
not gonna be worth it in that especially
the next day he's not gonna be worth it
and like last night we played like we
just played this like board game will
read room and we had a guess on toasters
and it was just like a lot of fun and it
was just so nice just sitting there and
playing this board game as a family as a
family as a family you know family the
night before I was playing Monopoly with
Adrian and it was just so much fun
you're a kid and like you get tired of
doing like board games and you
wanna I want to go out party I want a
party as you're like you know then you
get tired and you're like I miss playing
board games in people exactly I miss
like hanging in and like watching movies
oh my I watched a movie for the first
time in God knows how long the other
night movie glory is bastard I was home
alone oh oh do I do it all the time like
even I got home in Florida I'd loved
staying in just watching TV and watching
movies grabbing that mind like my diet
coke with with mac and cheese Oreo and
I'll just keep popping in mac and cheese
mac and cheese mac and cheese maybe kill
two diet cokes and it's fine cuz it's
diet you know you're good alright guys
thanks for watching make sure to LIKE
this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to my channel if you want to
see more of me and all my friends shout
out of the week goes to might meet might
thank you so much for the support
and you assholes outside and see if you
watch my goddamn electrodes it's
maybe it's hard to get kind of there
nowadays oh my god that's a cool cloud
hold on right out there you see that
they're like bright white one in the
middle of everything that's not that
that's a dope looking cloud isn't it
yeah it looks like a bomb explosion I
think it looks like the Michelin Man how
much weed did you smoke a lot
