hey guys welcome back to my channel hey
can you like tone down the cussing out
and start bleeding out my because words
channels broken yeah you just said skin
tickles words naturally but you don't
have to say every other word rocky
Canada Roenicke we invited you didn't
invite me this is all I found out Jason
what's between goes me and the boys are
all going to burn in Hills next week I'm
like good mine but I thought of the boys
immediately type Todd I'm like you guys
are go to Brendan Hill sings everybody's
like it was last minute sorry doesn't
even invite me
oh you guys are sorry you're all at
dinner and we just thought of it like if
you were at dinner you would have been
able I know I want to feel invited I
want to feel wanted hey did you know if
you guys don't want me to go I'm gonna
go you know those people need a play I
should show up and knocked out you're
there until you're back and then show us
some all the footage you have so we
haven't answered my questions in a long
time everybody made you subscribers
every day I know how you justify not
having content very good first not gonna
have trying to find a video of you and
he's like you're doing those a
continuation of a saga Eisenwald open it
snappy it goes nothing I'm not going to
send you new favorite memory together
probably good dry I know there is
probably lose dated yeah no on
officially I was like typing probably
times are all drunk together I'm like I
got a lot of good memories of both you
which I had no when we weren't even
filming this is like just us hanging out
like in New York and Nagaland old apart
easily we're best memories again though
we had to choose would you rather not
being Davis blogs anymore or not have a
youtube channel thanks David every snap
before I ask the question you can buy
David Murphy while we're more sensitive
in tomorrow I would definitely rather I
mean did not because yeah he doesn't
like really put me in them anymore you
never hang out that's why you're not
going to burn else to do not around you
make you plan I try to angle all the
time got a partner with T who thinks
you're better ever since you got a house
without are you don't feel wanted
anymore Isis Nika fluently in Arabic
like fluently is running around it's a
little big anybody else Slovakia
Hungarian can you see you for us no why
alright I refused why okay I don't speak
any languages yeah just take advantage
I've heard a speaking to his family
nobody seemed to me a beginning why
don't you speak it back to them because
he's not too good at it sometime
embarrass just say today I'm going to
the park with my family I don't wanna
say you know I don't say oh look Vania
merch is coming out of his mom and she's
speaking like Slovakia cousin he just
really manuals dated most annoying
feature could be anything good question
does really well articulated self-aware
do you know what the most annoying thing
but you might self-aware I think I'm
really too easy go along with what I'm
like when I'm like trying to get a lot
of people you know I mean one of his
turn to what would you be doing right
now I'd be at the airport will be fine
for company
I would have a very small business and
what business stuff I don't know I'm
going to have been like pop pockets yeah
I would be a bartender hopefully moving
it to a too low a gigolo you mean a
Juggalo we have a bad where you like a
lot of bad right now it's a juggle it
not gigolo Gordon gigolos like my own
man oh you be getting right now you want
yeah I think you already behind you are
with any keeper outside the vlog squashy
would it be Sushi's other news - guys I
think Jay Paul I was in Casey night back
you already collapsing them yep Disney
proper cool I did a Q&A with them you
hung out with a bug them and then you
did a sit-down video now what else could
you do no I'm in a proper video no
proper video make a movie with it no
like make a good like good comedy video
I don't know Jesus I guess all my ass
snapped at you and I realized no I found
out I found out actually I was thinking
about what the most annoying thing was
robbing the second opinion constantly I
think that's everyone knows everybody I
use the mouse I know I do it the most
I'm deciding like a bitten of laws I'll
go to Scotland it okay cool I like
opinion I don't go to pod now face and
Liza drives me not like I can't like
decide on my own but you don't hit me up
anymore
okay people usually come to me with
their thumb but I want a club without
brain of Rogers so we just want to see
how that day is want to see how long
everything did because I've never seen
video like this I promise I look
prettier when I'm not sick what's your
favorite part about working with your
friends on YouTube we get to see each
other's wieners let's just you and Scott
one day two days I'm going to you know I
think it's the fact that we get to do
whatever we want basically yeah come
over in groups hey guys I need help
maybe to have chats exactly like the
same thing you know I like obligated I
need your help
they will help doing it because Brandon
statement I know that's actually
something I like about you you're always
going to help somebody or do you want to
help them or not yeah you should be very
nice yeah very much like like when big
nig wants to do something you're just
like you know what I'm gonna help them
out I am already I'm very merry you're
on everybody's doing don't give me
enough credit like you walk into baby
what is your favorite kind of car see
I'm right here and my brother-in-law's
small shop so it's a good time oh gee
the way she talks the way you eat you
guys are good same we gonna do you're
not going to put our address in this
video right unless I could come here
after anyway I'm your type rifice here
life for David that's a crime my life
for myself subscriber Oh Connie sorry
ooh Bobbie five hundred percent
yeah that's true surprise more vans and
Kasbah ha ha ha ha I'm going to find it
funny like that you were just like
saying like that means is doesn't model
usually the next Everett Dallas dude
you're the only one that were close and
like actually look good enough you know
if I can
who's gonna mm we were close and did a
music video time ago exactly and we
didn't look that good in videos her
narrator if you had to take on a person
for the rest your life quick creaks oh
my baby he's really uh-huh you guys
hated each other rocky ever no no we
love each other we have to who I mean
who else are going to hang out with you
whenever isn't burn in hell you could
live in one house it's the whole job
squad would you watch Kim we actually
react slow and too vain was the only one
that was like it's probably not gonna
work and then not like I started to see
you later I'm like yet out of it oh yeah
I moved in you guys like wait everybody
would just literally had the same exact
videos every week we almost do but if we
all live in the same house it would be
mad yeah it's funny I think we should
like we're all like not as much
your videos like this is like my pet
price per second late my words is how to
say this he'll about Jace all giving me
snacks in touch with him hello that's a
good that's a good question how do you
feel about that it was really nice about
it he used my referral code when he
bought the piece of dynamic money that I
get like a little toy Tesla and buying
the car I wouldn't normally be like
kinda bummed out for like it's such a
good car that like everyone has to get
well we can get other you know you guys
can get it I ordered it this yeah and
you're going to Berlin no so no David
Scotty and Heath who would you take your
own life
what are you are actually in love with
Liza baby
how many of you guys are actually in
love with Liza one of us shut up with
David I would never be able to know with
all the that you pulled on you I would
actually stab him
yeah all right guys thanks for watching
make sure to LIKE this video if you
enjoyed it subscribe to my channel if
you want to see more stuff for me and
all my friends Sharla we go to the KT
thank you so much for keeping up with
always south and watching all my videos
it really great but all the way Larry
can you help me out with an Oscar please
no
and that's anywhere though like even
like eight dozen Jake ball have like a
sign on the door that says IQ or is it
oh well it is my start video obviously
pop engines in my mouth listen dunno
haven't you turned around there did I
find your mouth just quit
you
