I said I do things like this I posted an
Instagram picture like a week and a half
ago that I want to dye my beard pink so
all the pictures there was a little bit
of pink on my shirt I just imagined a
little bit of pink that I thought my
shirt on my beard and I was like you
know what if I dyed my beard ping told
the idea to Andrea Andrea shows me a
youtuber named Kristen see that her
husband has brand-new pink beard winter
is paid and it looked amazing I was like
they want her to do the same thing to me
they're right here line right this is
Ryan did a lot of research I mean
Kristen here has been by her lovely
assistant for the most part it's for
design out school coming out to sample
bottles and you're letting me Hannah
true yeah we need to sign a lot of her
leads for better ways well I gotta sign
this form and it's like starring or
naming me I just saw you on camera with
a bleaching kind of thing I'm fine with
it recurrence my skin a little bit I'm
fine with it if my whole face peels off
guess what I'm fine with it because
that's context let's explain a little
bit of what's what's going on here get
people watching me probably don't even
know what to stop it there's a lot of
steps in this process usually you're
stavansson balls you need bleach your
face hair we use some stuff to try and
help protect your face a little bit at
least the hair it won't be too bad we've
done this at least a couple times we'll
rinse that out and make sure that you're
nice and conditioned and then we'll
throw some pink on there and bam all
right with it for like a month so this
is arctic fox two years of research and
development right here it looks dope
yeah beginning cruelty free and we
donate 15% of our profits to mo charity
that's awesome I like animals so I agree
with that I agree with the plan our
other pink which is it's more of a
traditional pink I don't know you're
being like a virgin pink kind of guy so
we were going to go neon pink but what
do you have on right now like a month
almost ago though ha but you wanna be on
or darker I don't know I've never done
this before
so I guess I guess whatever I
whatever shows the most pink beyond pink
is going to be blowing and UV blacklight
so do you want to go that route can you
seem pretty excited about that let's do
it let's do it
we're missing some bleaches DIY how to
completely your beard and give it a hot
pink UV color that goes in the dark all
the ladies are going to want to hang out
with you I'm going attracts women like a
hot day I mean look at him he's married
which one's the bleach bleach powder
okay I'm gonna need a drink that'll
knock me out for about three years
what are we doing you're supposed to be
have orange kind of got that gingery
thing going yeah maybe not like you know
I'll buy one here I ordered all my mom
for how does your beard look so perfect
for how do you do them you know I
honestly blow-dry my beard every morning
this secret I blow-dry too but it
doesn't stay straight like yours it kind
of just I can't even grow a beard I was
like a kid going through puberty it's
just like patchy and like awkward it's
just very terror risky am I in a good of
box I mean my whole life seemed to cut
me open at all okay so where we are we
gonna put it all the way to the skin or
we're going to paint it on I kind of spa
paint it on there it isn't quite as like
big as mine so if it's just going to way
to make me feel bad oh yeah no going
back now
animal cruelty to animal cruelty cruelty
free I'm a proud octopus everyone so you
bleach it first and then you add the
paint you got to get it light enough
where the things going to show up right
once we give this I not have to be just
a breeze through this embrace around
working into that dear mustache area I'm
going to but I have to get it on hair'
unlikely if it said that she never asked
for nobody complan mm-hmm or looters at
least six eight you're not doing it
right
boom boom you would never died appearing
in quite Buddha this our giveaw put it
under your nose oh I don't want her come
here and this little contraption okay
great do you know basically you're
trapping all the toxic fumes in there so
don't breathe smoothly free but it's
don't kill humans okay we're in the
first stages of the dying process she
completely bleached my beard and my
moustache it stings a little bit and it
smells strong but it's cruelty free for
animals so as long as our first humans
were faso the clothes going to look like
a rusty fish don't breathe through your
mouth
I've been breathing through my mouth but
I have not find any film you think I'm
fine anything so I could potentially flu
if a press all right okay don't get
bleach in your eyes have it in there and
shampoo are you ready Matt yeah let's
see it
oh boy Jane what colors it's like white
yeah together oh god I look like a
Cheeto Club don't like a Swedish DJ okay
I had the pink baby but can I just enjoy
it so quick look at that look at that
color
I look Irish I don't I look like your
brother
yeah I don't know you were like a baby
and like dad the dad shades and can't
recognize we are in the process of dying
my lovely new orange beard that I don't
kind of want to keep you for a little
bit but I got to do it I'm dying it hot
you be raping are you excited
you did it already little turning I
always like things just pink is just a
fun color I started wearing pink as a
joke and then it's like sorry to become
like up I actually like this color and I
want to wear it yo Carly's scared right
now we're all getting pink here I know
you're stealing her brand as an
parameters think are Legionnaires Teen
Mom tears pink and now your beard got a
little originality in there you know
let's go play laser - oh I can't wait to
show my parents this they have no idea
I'm doing this yeah build this on them
hahahaha all your hair starts gonna go
that is not coming out okay is the big
reveal
oh my god Shane look at it it's so big
oh look like a Marvel character if you
look like you walked out of Candyland as
a handing out candy cane it looks
amazing not really pain all I need is
just do an accent know what kind of
accent you little butt me Lord milori
already not the Irish man Bravo guys
this is amazing yeah you need to get a
matching manicure like him major end
pedicure I want to be just like you
sweet that's it this is going to be me
for as long as it stays on there I want
to thank them so much for taking the
time out of their busy day they came all
the way from Carlsbad you know about
what I'm like I thought it was like a
different country called bio this is
Ryan this is Kristen Leanne thank you
guys so much make sure to follow all
their stuff Instagram Twitter everything
will be then description below a bunch
of movin every so if you want to have a
hair dyeing party not to get crazy
okay this is their company arctic boss
feels really nice it smells really good
and it didn't hurt me at all it was
really easy to work and all their stuff
will be also in the description below
the typical vlog sign up alright bye
guys you guys are great sages so
nothing's on I'm just so mad about
Vernon Hills okay just leave
tell me if I mean watching from your
game shows to doing your full arrow
smell it because the cats are really
arabian you ready
don't look okay are you ready think you
should guys should start texting me back
because I go crazy okay I don't have
anything else to do when I'm all by
myself so that's all I get so I said I
do things like this to one okay my god
it's really big they did a damn good job
three two one and go
it's so bad I know it's really good
though good but as bad as a big dog
reason someone just highlighted your age
I know you're mostly just Gary L I wrote
copy me under leaf and I think these
amount of subscribers you know this was
going to be so annoying your ever
students are xenian Carly painting oh my
god did they mad oh that's insane
it looked like a cartoon character no it
you're not going to keep it I bet you're
not you only I'll keep it for a month on
oh yeah well thanks lgz yeah looks like
you're gonna loop the Saw movie in my
future imagine if you have big nick hair
right now I'm the carpet mats address no
I do your hair to like with it so just
take a Khmer you want to see it thank
you
well I mean you just look like you're
the Wizard of Oz get it in the camera
like down here it looks great you look
like I'm going to whose mug shot lashes
on the TV for like Tina I weren't going
to call me like bitch you look like shit
haha yeah you look like Jesus on after
you want wine show you something you
didn't scare you do when I run the doors
do you like it it's wrong
oh did you say nowadays the ugly one no
smash or pass right so Lady Jaye or next
love you and like if you like it than we
like that okay
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure like the enjoyed and subscribe to
mention if you want to see more stuff
for me and all my friends Charlie vivos
Mercedes thank you so much to keep you
up with all my self watching all my
videos I really appreciate it I really
hope this gets a wild ways because this
is pretty good it makes really why the
fuck you look like the dude from Hunger
Games be an angel
making
oh my god big redheaded babe save you
for Laura hey whitey what do you think
look do you like it
no okay
