and then there oh my god she defined the
laws of gravity
Oh all right guys happy Monday so today
we're not gonna have a little talk today
because I actually went out of my way
I actually come up with something other
than us just sitting out here and
talking to you guys as much as you guys
like it though the other day I was not
film Keith and I was talking or we're
talking about really just strippers and
just like strip clubs but yeah topic
we're talking about and then we started
thinking about like pull dates
we're like you know how hard like pole
dancing actually is Andy doesn't it look
like it looks like obviously need to be
in shape to do you need to have like
strength yeah and the whole dancers just
make it look like really it's so it's so
graceful so we looked it up and we see
other people say how hard anything
actually is Andy tonigh we you know we
said today I say after I Billy we know a
girl Renee miss and we're looking like
sign up like robots yeah but we happen
to know a girl from middle school lives
out here yeah he's still Harbor contact
and our fun and we're like you know what
why not let's get her to do this is
Sammy and she's gonna teach us how to
pulled in so let's get you oh you're
going all the way that's cool I'm not
gonna oh my god would you like to do the
honors of being the first without that
oh there it is baby there you go this
fuck it up
hip out hip out whoo
yeah okay are you gonna swing out Oh
oh my gosh fill it which is definitely
from a do to attend I don't even know we
can carry myself down and then grab oh
oh whoa these are a step step step step
and up and switch
oh good are you a good uh-huh
what do you put on your hands so it's
like not slippery oh that's how you go
stay on there
I was wondering cuz there's every time I
do it I split them like there's no way
that's their hatred that's Roy okay now
that we got all the lights lit up let's
get back into position
ladies top in all that up you can place
them up like this like that what you
want you got it a good solid really push
and back oh very good
ah why could you back every fuck your
shit up
I know when things fucking around like
in like bacon now me I can tell he's
fucked up right now
yeah how many hours a day do you do that
because bitch my hands are hurtin not
nasty that's what the answer here right
there I won't be a good answer - oh come
on get that booty on I give me a call
give me a book oh yeah lock it come on
baby
the video game originally found the
difference and then jump it it jump it
in boom ah me into it
ah alright next group dance oh no feet
and then you get out and you got to
question me off you have your bracket
hole and then the shop and then oh my
god she defined the laws of gravity
Oh
oh you gotta do the whole burden if you
put your mind to it you can do anything
you want here yes okay all right so kiss
on home make sure you're paying
attention write notes down and back out
yes very very Joe there it is
oh yah I'm sweating Jim break a sweat
yet hey 1 1 2 and controlled spin hand
up head up stop hand up baby no top hand
up whether you would walk in it I find
okay we're going one two there you go
and up and then put your top hand off
I got strippers elbow no phone or jump
angle film like the advantages of the
other thing you'll call your before
picture am I getting caught like in like
your hand is like
your hair is like Italy ha ha ha up your
left arm up you need a spot oh there it
is
got it baby oh baby I love the way there
it is very sensitive yeah there's no
yeah you saw that ball when you made out
of whole word and I shouldn't hurt him
there it is there it is lock it lock it
it is yes lock it in like it is yeah
fuck you like caught your leg taking it
out I really need to try again so on a
fire glass off that shit backflip
luckily a baby lock it in
oh no hands no hands baby hi hurtful
nuts right Oh would you test your
mechanical engineer oh he's open the top
and you drop in and catch it you know or
dialogue parently avatar wind Pryor Oh
baby girl I got you Oh
oh my god I better the wrong way I don't
that's creating all okay well that's all
we can do I cannot room/dining on the
worst thing I've ever done you guys
should definitely get more credit for
pole dancing insane look at a round of
applause for over there I got make sure
to follow her on Instagram she had a ton
of videos a ton of pictures for you guys
to look at yet I shall leave you tips
and tricks on how to do different pools
of is that what you guys want to do our
next shade her link will be down below
so earlier today David decides to ask me
and Heath what we're doing today so he
can film and he hasn't hit us up in a
waffle phone and I know he's praying us
with something analyze it hit me up hey
can you help me with the video David's
place I need help so I asked her what
she needed help but I specifically what
she needed me to do is she's just like
um well it's it's a whole thing where
I'm Helga and it's a it's a massager
mm-hmm I know some shirts although I'm a
david sketchy at little bit I know she
can do she pretty no thank you
I did all this for this where they're
even here why bigges help us okay it has
a period using gages gargons literally
nothing I don't want no fucking
tarantula down my parents maybe that's
his role is just the game he just wants
you to play pool of them and that's
correspond to Lions alike and yet and
that's enough during the robots on you
wait outside
Dryden oh yo what do you want from me
because you don't fucking hit me up test
film but nothing's happening
alrighty thanks for watching make sure
liked this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to our channel if you wanna
see more stuff for me and all my friends
jollily goes to francesco thank you so
much for TV open all myself and watching
all my videos I really appreciate it
anything else to add grandpa a video
said grandpa
they said I don't sound like a fucking
female bodybuilder well these are my
collecting Social Security Jason okay
guys see you next week with videos Obi
you're coming yeah it's beautiful
emotion an astronaut 4:30
