hey good y'all here to come over though
we'll just want to hang up hey what's up
hang out you're just here to see me and
Aaron your favorite vloggers yeah yeah
you both are my number one girls you
know maybe get it together know about it
man because we're not getting enough
sleep
what is it I don't know what I feel like
I get enough and since I just wake up so
tired I can just wake up and I'm like my
body I'm just like I feel like we've
been drinking all that when we need to
change our lifestyle for the better I'm
trying I'm eating good I'm eating her -
dude I hide this I hide like a healthy
Bowl yesterday people yeah I was like a
bowl ice-cream but the like toddy says
I'm his best uh woody coming up dairy
his dairy friend they like my dairy
friend I don't know not really likes me
cuz he can like rely on me to be that
one person when he feels like cheating
on that day and he wants to just eat
really shitty yeah I'm uh stomach thing
so - I don't know man they say it's all
about like what you eat to end items
then people say you need anything you
want as long as you work out but I'm not
doing that is I go to the gym like every
three weeks when I'm feeling like it's
good I'll just say hey let's go to the
gym you know I don't even say that you
have to say that you got to be like you
know when someone's breath smells you
guys say hey so let's pressure - yeah
going me is it hey let's work out but I
want to hike hey Zane you're not ready
got a run that's okay thanks
my brains reward and I just so you know
you know like the monkey that you look
like but when the fucking stuffed monkey
a little teddy bear monkey thing but you
don't receiving it
what baby I do - oh look at my oh my god
dude you got Aaron Paul here what does
that mean that I don't know is this
Aaron Pole here it's a compliment and do
airballs fucking dope so now you're not
that like looking for here no fucking
Logan's is like down in late because
their weekly cartoon characters it what
is this
I can't even lay you just need to get
that shit put it makes your hair fuller
you're gonna get my forehead ditch girl
girls comment below what shampoo we need
to use to make our hair looking right
mister visit is now where shit wear hats
all the time because weird insecure
about our hairs okay we can we can care
about her nothing wrong with that I
don't think there's anything wrong with
I just feel like people are just happier
when they just don't worry about that I
don't care about like the way my body
looks but if my hair looks best and it's
like a proud yeah I won't go out my hair
look at that but I'm looking like 300
pounds today I don't get employed okay
they had no problem known to man she's
you don't like when your little toe be
right like I did I don't like I don't
know I'm insecure
I don't know 191 oh my god I'm up to 232
with everything like dude I'm down like
dude I'm up ain't like good games in bad
games where was that my gayness I might
gain a pound
look what guys
yeah this is lady I'm just gonna grab my
carelessness fuckin we good I just can't
think like I don't know what it is that
guy just everyone and I'm just like not
like where the press about is just like
like nothing is working
remember years ago am i dead OOP of
wd-40 on a bitch I don't know what's
going on did I do we need get fidget
spinners for plaintiff bicha spinner I
just wish you do when I think dirt like
spinning your fish there's like thinking
you know it's okay they the uninspired
bow is sailing and we are on it we are
captains of that shit I'm actually we
won't have a talk show
we can't even dawdle welcome to the
vanity so the production team is just
like um I feel like it always hasn't
been like this so I feel like just
recently I've been getting like
exhausted the thing is that whenever we
talk now it's really it's all personal
stuff you know that's one time we ever
talk and we can't like book personal
stuff on it yeah you know like if we're
going through a hard time about a
certain thing we can put it out we don't
to be those people you put their
personal home I like languages like I'll
say like personal stuff yeah it's like
to an extent I really talk about some
shit that people don't so now you're
just like those traumas where it's like
you know look at me I need attention
what are we doing right now begging for
it
yeah but it's all better went out with
you
hey guys are finally doing it we're
making Henry his first Instagram account
and it's being he's known for taking it
all for myself
alright I just realized that I should
have been filming all of this because
this is behind the scenes stuff this is
this is important alright this is
basically the last thing that we're
doing we've been shooting all day I
advise like you know what we put on my
cam and just record some of this good
content that's what we're about to light
up a big box of fireworks and I'm going
to stand in front of it and try to look
like a model because Brian's taking the
pictures turn it up and then try to like
I can't move it anymore
for now
not scary I think just like dolphins are
good wow I like that I like that so so
much me think or just make it a surprise
yes Nick peek but it looks like anyway
so the ones that follow me on Twitter
already already knew that making an
Instagram account for Henry I wand it
like make this Instagram like really
really high-quality photos just because
I just think it would be ridiculous if
he had a high quality photos up because
I never put high quality photos on my
own Instagram account only photographer
I like is Brian and when I told the idea
I didn't even think he was like respond
to me because I thought he would think
it was so stupid when I told him he's
like dude I fucking love that idea and I
want to be a part I'm like yeah I just
want because I wanted just one
photographer on this Instagram account
and he agreed to do it so that's fucking
dope alright guys stay tuned by the way
his Instagram is Brian please go all in
with his stuff and make sure to follow
my Henry Instagram account because I'm
going to be posing there starting July 4
and turn on that okay so you see when I
post it okay get back
hey good I'll hear it coming over though
we'll just want to hang out okay Aaron
what's up you're just here to see me
there and your favorite vloggers yeah
yeah you both are my number one girl uh
what's your name it's really veggies
Virginia girls name haha sure her Tina
so when we went to get her under the
impression it was a boy so we were like
just calling it Reggie you're like this
is a funny name and then we realized
that it didn't have a penis and it was a
girl we haven't talked calling her
Richie and like is short for red like
red food color red she's like a cool dog
so her full name would be like regina
george since she's a cool girl but she's
like a bitch but literally yeah bitch is
literally an idiot
we're just going to keep the camera on
her oh god but she gets hisses yeah only
two people she like so whoa Aaron is a
cat her name's whitey and she could be a
little bitch sometimes
no no no she just doesn't like other
animals shouldn't renfa
so she's meeting with all I'm really
actually nervous because nothing's wrong
for your brat right oh honey this is
your sister what happened
Oh already scared horn well yeah we do
to 1356 Oh
oh my god wait he's so mad
and poor boy
so why how do you feel what Reggie gave
you in a moment
all right guys thanks for watching me
show like this video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe I'm sure you want to see
more stuff for me and all my friend
Charlie Vegas Alexis thank you so much
for keeping up with all my stuff and
watching all my videos I really
appreciate it and anything else that I
do know look except call my cat a bitch
one more time and I will slit your
throat
I think it was the Safari hey guys we go
sir concert why you so dumb
okay get up lol above you set it up on
this ready
Khushi hissing why No
