me not me it's Rochelle realest pals you
won't believe how real we are let's wait
to get off the street so we don't give
magic no I don't go
I'll keep the door unlocked or just come
on innocent he came to the apartment and
Laurie's wide Oh literally I'm like hey
there's everywhere hold on baby together
it's okay he said that's my new songs
had to my heart to my core right now
we're in the process of moving out
depression that makes everything
literally just came over today like you
know what was that a cop turn oh no
thunder god that was a defense patrol
you know what maybe just crash
I should've hit the car on this side
yeah let's just complain about
everything that's wrong in our life not
the positive stuff in our life but just
the negative stuff nobody gives a shit
about what's gonna go I take what's
going good it would make something bad I
think it's the weather honestly every
time the weather looks like this the
past few times we've hung out is when
it's really bad weather we're just like
heat let's film something what we really
need each other the most Jews you called
scene why aren't you posting it's been
raining we're on our way to get coffee
right now where should we go so you see
Miriam Banjos we get there's doors cool
they didn't want to come into work as it
was raining I always send him any videos
I feel I think he would find really
funny guys cleaning his chicken dish so
I don't blame the dude like if so make
sure you clean the chicken you gotta
wash the chicken leg obviously there's
bacteria so like I mean to hard my mic
was completely up so I think my mic just
blown out the first half he's live and
doesn't realize it's all like the end of
his life he's really comments why are
you washing the chicken with salt that's
not me to watch the chicken
imagine someone's birthday work a
restaurant they probably in the back and
what was killing me was the fact that
let you still see the soap on it here's
all the songs on the chicken I couldn't
believe it if you're gonna wash it at
least get the suds off there you're
gonna taste the song I love the caption
with it like the most a lot of you don't
exactly know where this place is are we
on Ventura and like Rachelle go see Mary
and Ben and they'll give you a free
these two small last buzz we doing this
oh my god baby you Park where it's in my
little sister's out here Danny it's
coffee table someone's stealing all the
doughnuts again this is a speaker
Oh today put down two banana gun nice
and slow okay I just want to come say
that that's fine whatever together make
a gun
marry gonna be on camera you were right
this place is awesome oh that's what you
think we love you guys in your video
thanks for making a slab of your little
coffee bean Katelyn and in line oh
that's so sweet
is there anything else we haven't been
here in a long time nobody paid it in
advance for coffee and doughnuts for us
right this time I told them exactly
where this store was and I said that
you're gonna give everybody free
doughnuts there's a knock off case
donuts like next to my it's not as good
as Mary's right sandwiches so they're
bad you just kind of say
I gotta be me I gotta pay the bill tell
you the story yet last Saturday he told
me xuxa you can't just lay around say I
love you all the time to me it's so
annoying I said I love you and I'm proud
of you
I can't do that it was saying I love you
how do you know let's ask a few things
Jason nutritious relationship is because
I know Dave is gonna throw out like 90
okay oh my god I'm gonna send this to
the police
easily Trisha sure who is the best that
you had I go to myself you know what
he'll be like a date but then we weren't
we weren't long at all we weren't really
doing my slide first once of meeting
Aryan for the first time I like she was
just the hortie animal whenever we
wanted to go out Aaron would be the one
organizing it calling everybody up what
the are we doing tonight let's get you
would go to a bar and I would literally
be scared like she would get a bunch of
shots any more than I could ever done
and then somebody would buy her a drink
and then she would get a drink and she's
drinking beer and I'm just like how
could see her get plaster the night
before it all of a sudden Carly she
wouldn't let me bring beer into McDonald
of all their children I was like oh they
can probably find some like pictures
because I saved a bunch of stuff to my
hard drive from where like all my phone
stop this is the first picture I don't
know how to look at the rest of you
nervous I don't know what else is on
here
like accidentally died in my body I was
not a coherent human and the
ex-boyfriend other time texted me like I
didn't even have his number saved in my
phone anymore and was like wow this is
who you really are apparently the kids
that I babysat followed me oh no you're
a great babysitter we went through your
Instagram your tits are everywhere the
camera you're missing Aaron naked yeah I
think I've seen her naked probably fifty
five times in my life Zana semi naked
more than any girl but I've never asked
once to see alright guys thanks for
watching make sure to LIKE this video if
you enjoyed it and subscribe 28 if you
want to see more stuff for me non-branch
shall we go to Caitlin thank you so much
key because all my stuff for watching
all my videos I really appreciate it
anything else add yeah baby but I gotta
track posted in what 14 days baby we
subtract already running the outro
yeah
Oh every year for my birthday this is
what we've done with like rented a boat
like just like a little boat that fits
like 12 people this year we had planned
it but we told that he said it was like
a preppy rich land weibo everything
