you literally have to recruit that no no
yes come on Carly like last thing I
wanna do is like to make fun of somebody
like that close to me my heart is way
too big for that it's walk it dog
zina heat all right so my Jeep is being
a try now at the shop so we have nothing
to drive and it's hot as the Dickens so
I'll talk about baby it's good is a hot
death right now it's got no problem I
watch this movie the other day forgot
movie your school is basically an
end-of-the-world movie everybody dies by
heatwave is that's what that's what's
happening right now like that's how
we're gonna die is anyway they fell me
gets hotter every year it like doesn't
get colder every year all the warming
maybe Leonardo DiCaprio has been telling
people for the last 10 years about this
show thank God we have some shaver and
it just feels good I'm thinking it's
going to be like some sort of like
nuclear explosion some sort of like
warfare type you think so yeah wrong
with that I don't the whole planet is
not gonna just erupt because of a new
career I could just tell my hand no
maybe I thought we went big you to pinky
the tears goes up a I'm saying anything
a mirage is you know we need to get some
coffee in a hey don't judge me but I'm
shocking system today hey give me a
little brandy Oh today I get you baby
but watch this the game we're all the
monsters out yeah look are you going to
associate or everyone's already
I'm just sort of expand my horizon
beacon of the devil arising
again enough of that oh my god a double
shot I've never traveled ago okay I got
so good at Dunkin Donuts you know me we
do you know what I will have in a long
time already alas immune I don't in a
bowl of cereal no they have to now got
cereal okay so people keep tweeting at
me telling me to watch a Gabby's snaps
out story for some reason I'm going to
look at it right now and I'm just going
to fill in it because content we are you
singing yeah
great again wait and you said nothing
you can tell yeah so job you sing and
it's higher Katy Perry song sinner fan
that story and I recreated the entire
thing and I became bizarre you're really
doing it together I feel like I need to
recreate then like oh like you bring in
a whole car and you literally have to
regroup that no no yes come on Carly
like last thing I wanna do is like make
fun of somebody like that close to me my
heart is way too big for that you're
doing amazing
I know I know but dude it's too hot I
don't want to walk it off it's always
where you can't come up with anything
else to talk about today we're gonna
talk about cereal you want to film today
so talk about frosted flakes or
something I don't know how young you
guys are or cereal has changed over the
years all in a really bad way when we
were kids cereal used to be the bad
things that quality of cereal is so good
number remember hokey quit with the
bucket cases like cookies like the other
like they're like in smaller in there
are no they it's like digging a
cardboard awful I was like tricks what a
fruit was Applejack I used to have it
was my favorite too and they got rid of
it next clip you had that the next quick
cereal it was like it was cocoa puffs it
was cocoa balls no it was it was like
cocoa puffs but they were smaller and it
turned your like milk into chocolate
milk afterward I'll talk material turn
your no but this is that's what they
like that was their slogan remember Trix
it used to be fruit shape yeah and now
it's circle yeah I don't want to did
their budget go smaller no baby they
just got greedy and they're trying to
make more they said okay we could change
it lower the price and we could Jack the
price up make more maybe we should come
up with our own cereal call it coffee
bean it's coffee shape to put a cake
like chocolate that's not about I think
it has to be coffee flavored or doesn't
it doesn't even call me I think is funny
if it was that into coffee oh do they
still make it the Oreo don't think they
make that anymore but Julie Rosie's my
french toast crunch made a richer it did
not taste the same the only cereal that
chase the same is a cinnamon toast
crunch
Jimmy I was trying to sell that it's
probably less sugar in it but it's
definitely the same it's like that's my
go to Syria horn pop is still pretty
good
remember honeycomb cereal oh I forgot
about that dude that's literally the
slogan for that area with this shit
goodbye mcCormick so big I know exactly
how they store pieces but wreath of
course they do but it doesn't say the
same that's also a change just like
cocoa puffs tsukumo's has changed hi I
keep coming out here cuz they think
we're doing something yeah I mean it
Dana he's from you to live even a lot of
stuff when I stopped talking with her I
started going off for and it's the same
shit I got that like set of frosting
like the process they got OD fruity
fruity O's they got all the squares that
are sugar mini wheats a lot it was a
healthy but not so healthy Jerry oh god
you thought you're eating healthy with
the one knot oh I said with great nuts
but I'm poor a bunch of sugar and grape
none you never had grape not what's
great nerd oh my god it's the grandpa
hold on is the Frog a mascot I'm tiny
crunchy like just rocks they never had
that
that's a little like that work in
exterior but was it cereal with the
green frog in a red box
okay she's so scary to the corner think
visually you have to open that I have B
it's always like that even when you fill
it up oh that means your meters broken
then you just got to go to us oh you got
to go to the boys and they'll fix it
free oh you should use that one that's
fun you want 91 in Good Samaritan is
baby not all heroes wear capes
we know that sunny miss most rigorous
you never know anymore let's interview
her she couldn't speak a look at English
do you want to go interview oh look I'm
lost on edge knowing like gas in the
automobile you know this guy's good I
got a c-minus in Spanish and I can being
really nice to me isn't it crazy that I
took Spanish one in Spanish to passpo
and I still don't know like eternity and
that is education for you mean I
probably couldn't do it anywhere near
the map that I used to do is put your
good amount yeah it's great you sure I
don't remember I'm good amount I think I
think I would still know mostly well
quadratic equations the quadratic
equation a quadratic complexion with the
math for you y x equals x the x equals
on x equals x XC square y equals x x
squared y a quadratic formula baby is a
quadratic form is not the one looks like
negative e plus or minus square root
square minus 4ac all over 2a okay oh
yeah the only reason why you know that
is because it was in a song I could do
it without the jingle what's up for
records newer theorem on no problem this
being Good Samaritan
oh you can't use the octane I suppose
you can use the octane and you don't
listen to me that's what she said she
wanted to but not all Clark can take
octane Oh Jim I just put out
all right baby topic talk time although
we never got to know maybe maybe
why should walk around them sometime see
that editor she would drop her what kind
of thing though she's buddy knew she was
bad yep check out $100,000 car and I
start with it
RP babies let's always think about your
big rip by the way merch is being made
as you small so I next week should be
finally out I'll give you a little
teasers on my snapchat and photo added
but yeah like a month and a half ago
when you guys say merge commit oh yeah
merge chemistry I never said a day all
right
till next time ladies and gentlemen you
send blessings love you guys and coffee
pop out all the way alright guys thanks
for watching make sure to LIKE this
video if you enjoyed it and subscribe to
my channel to see more stuff for me and
all my friend chattel because the dayz
thank you so much for keeping up with
all my stuff and watching all my videos
I really appreciate it alright guys I've
been wanting to make this for a really
long time and I finally post my first
pictures of my brand-new Henri Instagram
account you guys don't followed it yet
you should because I will be focusing on
that account for a good amount of time I
would use these honours demonstrating
exactly help people be able to do that
you
see if you guys think'll it up we was
that ready ladies you get a readout me
to them Oh
oh my god Oh something like baby but
look at that same like Johnson and this
is your new merch God is an illusion
you
