oh is that when you use for your views
are you guys mentally I don't know baby
I'll humor all I know is comfortable you
have your own bed okay okay I'm sorry
yeah you do you know I can't sleep in my
room by myself anymore it's scary
you're talking about there's like always
like no wisdom from the bathroom all the
cackling and shit that's AC maybe that's
just broken you know Joel I have
nightmares today I know is 3 ok wolf I'm
sticking my room then will a lady
without don't leave me it's kind of
world okay today today baby
what today oh you ain't gonna have to go
to Marina del Rey I was doing this thing
gonna be I look like poopoo and I do not
look like do my beer looks like my hair
look at who poo and I gotta look nice
today and I want to like impress them
and I don't know what to do also don't
you be teaching your bubble you'll make
do you right yeah we could turn this up
do a little bit a little something which
you got me give you some nice s clothes
but you need to look clean for your job
I don't have my clothes these initials -
gotcha
oh yeah oh my god water is perfect all
over my dirty clothes you did buy that
craggily and beer you almost used to do
with that you got fucking Cheetos over
this Wow
I want you too much maybe also I want
okay Oscar I'm really gonna get your
shit together and come here what's that
Oh what is that
Oh some nitrite in a straight yell now
that's what we will get ingrown hair Oh
little bit more little dinner poop okay
now we need a brush oh shit house all
night
oh yeah we already make my
transformation oh my god I've never
called my beard down like that cuz
except was pretty nice deal it's already
turning around they're so impressive
today they asked for who did not daring
to ask you to come in for hair and major
yeah I get a job at it I said like okay
why are you doing this for him and
making him look so good why can't you do
something you can hold up
make-a-wish bitch what is this my house
doesn't have it now which was you'd call
me baby the next times I can but you
didn't call me baby so that's how I know
I don't work it might have been a few
mm-hmm you know what you ready for all
my peers already looking fuller mm-hmm
you ready for the blow-dry favor prison
watch show called here's more do
something I'm sure they would give up
your competition like you can hold the
most amazing challenges where they like
put shit in their beer to see breaking
hole enjoy let's try to be a lifestyle
blogger or I do apologize I go so this
is my morning routine blue things I want
to go that far but your beard look kids
shoot don't kill it today oh is that the
one you use for your views are you
judgement I'm not judging you mean Oh
baby how cute shimmer whatever it's your
future remember like no but you can
imagine right like right oh my god I'm
gonna look like this anymore
damn whose vein Bilzerian - all the
girls and the airplanes and helicopters
and the guns but if he had me all the
guns in all the girls in the world would
you try it for me I wouldn't but he has
really nice cup of coffee I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna I'm just doing this
office a my therapist I know this might
be fun for a lot of guys to watch I'm
sorry for the ladies what he's trying to
do right now I'm just trying to show you
exactly how to cut a beard nice for the
girls let's see you don't have full
beards second one
he'll be perfect but it's just fun a lot
like how guys like to watch makeup
strong for you I'll be honest with you a
thread about 45 minutes my day I'm
looking at nail videos nail videos on
Facebook I'll be scrolling doing it'll
be like those cute lengua leg nails with
a differently designers oh I like to
watch the makeup videos I don't know
they're just so under why yeah look at
thinking so I detected before and after
but like satisfying videos so you girls
I make makeup tutorial videos op the
viewers are definitely guys watching
that don't use makeup model that will
never admit it - exactly
okay he finish it really was that just
good huh oh okay easy
ah feel that you're ripping my hair okay
sometimes you just need to cool it so
what is silver it's still in yeah okay
fix my shoe broke hey dog my beer cut oh
my god it looks so nice whoa I was like
dang your boobs salute fish I just never
look like a matter what like just like a
boy is trying to like a man
I feel like I don't feel like a man's
man you're welcome you can't call me
baby anywhere you gotta call me man
thanks man you know how many times you
said that you didn't in this entire
video do you realize how much we say
baby to each other and everything we do
is a lot I found a video that someone
edited each baby that we've ever said to
each other in both our videos from start
to finish
no they didn't get every single one they
definitely miss out on a lot but they
got a good horse about earlier on the
beginning to the end and it's really
funny to watch they count it'll be like
us fighting talking just talking or us
talking to each other have it all ready
for tonight okay I watch it this is like
basically from every vlog we went there
we feed on it I don't know but they
definitely did some work because this is
from different vlog how you doing baby
JD are you getting to your first baby
baby you said chicken I wish there was
numbers
I'm thinking oh you know I don't know
why little crooked these little breaking
back in the sink I was a time I hope you
got some maybe we got something every
couple now anybody nobody's going to
Caroline's right on five anymore you do
is they even have search already Thank
You governor
okay evil baby don't bring yeah ready
baby ain't fucking my friend living
maybe we could you don't have to pay for
what we're cooking with today maybe we
do a three different type but you didn't
wash your hands yeah okay baby
not even really put the right baby it's
so weird hearing it on plays maybe I
can't believe I'm gonna play this video
all you kind of limp either a little
baby on one of our wedding days or our
funeral yeah did he gonna get a business
type again maybe hit it before you
continue what it's got a baby baby the
day my babies to be be like I don't know
what there is even saying but it's my
baby baby what's going on all weird
walking all day
okay babies only don't stop it cleaning
this on my campaign to promote that baby
oh baby your personal things days in
keeping this is where they got your son
help
Oh bitch I know don't be a baby alright
baby close it up okay about utensil take
from sober too drunk enlightening
maybe oh my god a very occasion of
anyone is a baby oh my what is that Oh
baby look so we got to get the dress
awesome I like babies
we're sinking baby oh baby I just love
those different I know I like a more
supposes in the plug baby we got a start
it's hot sobbing Oh baby
look at your belly slid what I want more
than anything to be the biggest piss
bottle of all time daddy guess what
David got me I'm so nervous you're here
maybe we gonna pay up on that loan you
better do it now can't hear myself baby
oh my god big red know what I want baby
oh baby I got it
you got my dignity way baby oh my clique
number I just tell me hold on to love
dude they're coming anyways because oh
I've been like I feel like I'm watching
that video I think you'll enjoy it feels
like I got Monica is just a lizard baby
run baby
whatever turbines accounted for
something looking I'd really feel like
I'm watching right now Randy we gotta
get at me Oh baby I gotta show you
something oh shit
baby baby that plucky through Oh baby I
got my baby I can hear something like
happiness I got you are Calgary the baby
why do I treat you so good it's hard for
me to like live here in my baby because
it's just so empty we don't
every day we've been witnesses we move
down here baby yeah baby yeah baby
trying I don't have these on a good
little Asian baby learning it's an
investment baby how often are we gonna
be doing huh baby
maybe it's Walmart get back maybe it's
better that is pretty healthy I'm hoping
about each of it who the fuck do you
think you living without to me baby oh
baby baby that didn't always it's really
fucking women really easy to do because
every day because all the dough just
walking radula
I know absolutely baby call me doctor no
no Sam I'm sorry
new ones like me baby they a new
exposure armor in in your drink but me I
was in the restaurant business they're
gonna be playing it to baby baby I'm
tinted a dump in another baby what are
you doing baby so she could get a fancy
shoe is me no baby wipe advisor right in
the bag bottle oh shit what happened
today
okay there you got want them I don't
know very I will pop in dispute among
people retrieve it up don't you know too
busy we do stage and this is not even
half I think it in detail play before I
got my sandwich that's a wrong kind of
baby I said he's gonna help me take my
first thing anywhere baby like you take
it like a little more not that is this
always being interrupted will continue
Sunday get my little videos inside out
let's do it baby
no guys gonna worry about it would you
what are you get your clothes oh maybe I
know him up baby clean it baby
nominate was of it no oh that's it yeah
there's much more than that sure it got
me all of my emotional right you're like
it like when I was like happy and like
sad I don't know it was weird watching
we've been through a lot you can see you
through the video us moving touching
your truck that's not in your truck but
we've been through a lot but a lot of
change Mel's cooled oh let me babe I
love you too alright guys thanks for
watching make sure liked this video if
you enjoyed it and subscribe to my
channel you want to see more still
forming all my friend charlie we go to
Leena thank you so much for KI be able
to all my cell phone watching all my
videos I really appreciate it gonna be
looking like a deadly place something
has a cell a beard that you can touch
it's all I got
I enjoy I want to get leave and if you
will look deep maybe the gathering
system
I think you look cuter with a small
beard like that yeah yeah and she'll
fuck your face yes review without a
beard yeah yeah
