eggs day around here please oh boy okay
there's
alright slide
it's go time I don't think that's gonna
know if I'd like a stick that's cool all
right that's fine you know then it's go
time
let's clean that lengthens nose it
allows them it worked is that better
okay mr. frito chip nail we have another
baby is talking along real quick sorry
for the outside noise with the window
Cameron took the ask car doesn't have AC
well at least you have the car if you
can be so Muslim cleric don't like an
update on heat struck they stopped the
only truck is that there's no idle and
it's still gone and I don't think it's
going to be found anytime soon everybody
found recipes recipes maybe that's it we
got a look at what's in front of us not
what's behind I know Sam oh my god is
that big red how do you mean a little bi
okay so we'd like to take the time to
apologize for not keeping their post
lately we its socket our jaw we're not
good at it he had a kind of a rough week
on it he thought I were just not a
feeling today and when I met met not
feeling too good I'm n-not sake but we
just we just weren't feeling we're just
in our heads aren't head firm and like
I'm not a good spot yeah sometimes you
saw a rough week whether it's like
school or work or anything you just like
searches owns it and you gonna find what
you're missing just because you see this
in other videos where like you know you
see us helping out other people were
doing like crazy stuff it's because
we're in other people's stuff doesn't
mean we're happy just because we're
feeling in our own videos doesn't mean
we're not gonna help other people stuff
we help each other out whether whether
like blue jay walking on salad maybe did
that prank to us so funny how i still
call the calls and Jason was on the
phone I didn't trust that cop would ever
show up now but I good that was a really
good prank and I don't think the video
was able to show that it's Adam
in the moment we just come seen this man
there's a window walking around our
house away Alex I did we this guy wanted
to hurt and it was scary I
sorry crying he looked old and I was
like an old dude that could do some
guess I'm him yeah in a creepy old way
and it was it was really well done and
of course David was like laughing and
had his camera out by the same time I
was okay in this situation David would
still act like that so it was like
David's being really weird right now but
like he would be like this in any
situation so I'm gonna ignore David it
really trying to figure this out I
immediately called 911 because I got
anybody getting hurt another thing we
wanted to talk about Eclair sauce and uh
peeps Matt and I have been just been
doing a couple bits lately we're just
basically like on and like yeah we took
on that and I just think it's real that
we would like to be treating our friends
that we would ever take a friend like
that we would never ever treat Matt like
that but people that usually watch it
you could tell that like we obviously
were you know that was just joking
around we would never build stuff like
that what them new viewers yeah all
these people watching these people like
be so mean to some as part of the bit I
was just a character that you as
portraying and we were both supposed to
be not assholes but just like shutting
him down yeah like you you when you
watch a show when you watch a sitcom on
TV there's always that one guy that
people pick on but it's not for real
it's obviously like either acting is
just for entertainment I get what you're
saying like I know exactly we were going
to be like saying that's all fucked up
but I don't know how to clear that all
Italy took I mean we could stay here and
talk like normal but like that's that's
just gonna get boring at some point like
we need to pick up some book David does
Bates we do bitch days and does bitch we
all do but Jason pulls our vlog where I
was like being really mean to him well I
like hosting I drew a party and I made
it made a mess I never threw a party
never made a mess Jason want to do a bit
where I was an asshole and I didn't
clean up after myself and no it was just
a bit and like I saw all these comments
saying hey and you're such an asshole
like I'm saying is getting so annoying
to me how big of an absolutely everybody
innocent you know guys I wasn't even a
part of like your little party a couple
days before but at the moment there wait
there was no arty yeah maybe you were
there wait what part school called ESU
oh the pool party I would never leave
you on anything
maybe you're my number one Julie maybe
you're on day one you mother you know
you my day one oh man come on sighs love
you you see what you see this right here
Scarah that's 48 percent you think okay
yeah come on for my like mama or
something my family like one percent for
my mother and one percent of my head you
got 48 club I think that's good that's
how much you mean to me I love you dog
hey I just wanted to know that that was
gradually insane not an asshole you just
do it just for the funny most of you
guys actually know that we're just
kidding but for the new people come on
baby come on baby you just which is
fucking down man welcome to Sam's log
this is he and I'm saying life is crazy
baby life update all right guys so um I
thought this kind of training and it was
because of Gabi
so I'll shout out to the gonna show for
making this happen fine guys so we're
basically going to do the noise
cancelling headphone a video challenge
makes you beautiful by one direction I
thought I would get the flowery floral
shirt that Harry Potter likes where all
the time just okay oh I got my friends
Dana here big time doing secure don't
know what for concern my head to the
walk out the door its thumbs up to cover
up be in a way that you are is enough
everyone else in this room can see it
everyone else but you baby light of my
world like nobody else to be asleep with
my hair
get me all the Wiggins all of the crowd
it is hard to tell you don't know you
didn't ever reporter you so I could see
the girls always may want you so
desperately forget it baby
no no oh that movie can you never cuckoo
come on you got it wrong I'll prove it
right
I put the innit song Johnny don't run
why you're being shy near the death
during hoodude alas everyone else in the
room can see it everyone else but you
baby you light on our Fresno body the
way that you flip your hair gets me
overwhelmed the way you saw Lester
groaning hard to tell you don't know oh
you don't know you're beautiful building
see see what I could see Katella do want
you so desperately looking at you and I
can't believe you don't know oh oh oh
that's what makes it beautiful I'm not
no no no no no oh yeah night of Malwa
like nobody the way you flip your hair
makes me over well so when you smile at
success you don't know oh you don't know
you're beautiful I can see you can
understand why I want you so gasps
really fuckin Duke you mister you can't
believe you don't know oh oh you don't
know you're beautiful oh oh holy cow
guess what makes you beautiful famous ah
like I think you're watching a show like
this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe join shitty fluency more stuff
for me and all my friends Jollibee Costa
Maria thank you really appreciated by
the way a lot of you probably still
don't believe that he thought our
actually friends with Matt and we are
actually nice to each other a lot of the
time so we actually brought Matt here to
confirm that through a tree look very
Mac what are you doing I'm cleaning your
apartment could you told me to oh thank
you mr. Spock
I'm declarative that's a lot of work no
guys okay that's the number one
No
Hey
