you put a note on her door with the key
humans like if you want more keys you
have to go make them really there's
three people's live your look what do
you need I feel like six like a big good
for this we I literally in my blog but
it okay so James you're probably
wondering why I never invite you over to
my place because I was like couchsurfing
I was saving up some money I wanted to
get something nice that was close to
your play yeah oh yeah this is nice oh
no big yeah this is in my house no we
have to go round the back want to I
don't understand why they just like oh
my god let it tumble you know what it's
dicey it's a little bit of an icing
right now it has its charm
Oh traditional okay yeah you know I'd
like to say I'm doing well but I'm
saving that alright this is not applying
wall it in the 70s I love that sweater
care love the boot oh oh thank you I
knew I needed some colors that pop and
it's just a shame that the couch like
takes up a third space here is well I
think anything you have to hear taste on
stage I'll get the gym care to yeah and
then all the dirty laundry I need to do
which reminds me can I do my laundry at
your place the thing about getting an
island right here you I love it very
much
look at this Persian carpet a little bit
piece of your homeland I might you want
to you want to Oh Jim's right that's
Rosa I know Davis can afford a house and
I get to start a YouTube channel but you
know I'm getting there what do you want
to just come over tomorrow yeah let's
get out of here I don't want to stay
here okay so paradise runs increased by
a lot okay almost at the point where
everyone I tell so that it might be
illegal of how much $700 whoa we did
like a lot you're not such a razor more
than like 200 bucks I do that
control that's one control we're not
under my control plane without us they
won't know seem like what it was a
family that lived in our apartment and
like a dad couldn't afford 7r yeah and
that's kinda the main reason why they
think they increased on you guys because
they do a lot of the buildings like next
door there's a family with 30 kids they
increase their is by 700 I'm just saying
let me get everyone uses not going out
door it was yours increasing our daily
ask me what Robin having sure your
youtubers not envision it money
right the other day the only way to get
in to the building where people who live
there is to use the code so it broke and
she didn't fix it she only fixed the
lock and she made one key for each
apartment there's three people living in
our home play our apartment thankfully
Andrew and I both have garage code so
that's the only way we can get in you
put a note on our door with the key was
like if you want more keys you have to
go make them really there's the reach
because I'm literally what do you need
can I get like six like addicted for
this I literally in my blog but I
literally hacked into our apartment
security footage and it's on cameras I
think we're good a lot of people are
complaining to her because their
solution was to put a brick in the door
so people can get in and out so anybody
can gain a now if you're a murderer you
know John we were complaining being like
this is unsafe like anyone could just
come and go as they please like I woke
up this email today and I was earlie my
jaw god I could not believe what I was
reading
yeah things are getting a big fan again
it is verbatim with them I have had some
complaint for props open gate I have
already asked reset code of gate and see
TV password for the company but they
replied they don't know I guess who
propped open the gates period do props
open a gate
comma whoever has to it's okay so who
did they hire to zoom because over your
vote really sounds like when you're
trying to cheat on like Spanish homework
or something to translate all is
happened some robber or a thief damaged
what do you think well I got from that
was robbers can probably get a new
performance I am considering and finding
solution way now because I won't have
any money
interesting
oh my you talking about up to he feels
bad that read me every orifice yes or is
their own red tears because I won't have
any money in Christmas because I have
already paid and I will pay a lot of
money after I bought this building for
huge repairing money of all units comma
all roof working and even sewer ridging
pipes and drains driven by even as
parking lot ceilings problem is blaming
us like sorry you ball are perfectly
nobody now and that it is I had already
spent all my money I got oh my god why I
really very odd because I went to Vegas
weekend I lost all the money I had that
when she goes the reason that I have to
raise up rent fee for almost units
period I will try to reset up quickly as
possible please understand my position
obably if you come up if I didn't pay
for whole roof working for huge
repairing fee for all building problems
maybe I repaired immediately the game
like sorry true why I feel guilty for no
reason please take out cross wood or
stoned immediately when you see them I
appreciate your patient and she's so
patient like a doctor anymore is there
any way that we can interview because I
have heard in the video it could have
just been given to her you saw because
managed she's managing you know because
we had three DS owners and they were
good and all hell breaks everyone just
always mad now there it had to have been
transferred to her because someone died
like that like is she doesn't buy this
building guys took over like two months
ago he was still not she was very
hands-on he came a knock on our door
like once we got these needed anything
and then it's like a month later we get
a letter from this lady and it says
Billy is too busy
never never emailed Billy he may not
respond alligator
as I was telling you this story Aaron
texted me I just saw saying that the
landlord emailed our neighbor and asked
for money to fix the gate from other
people oh my god okay so yes I was
talking about how shit himself and it's
just a very normal thing where people
just like there's times where like they
get older 23 years old so we'll just
start you will just start shitting their
pants and that's completely fine but I
make people don't just start shitting
their pants they do have a case where
you know what who comes out of your body
without your consent
bullshit in your bitch I think I shit my
pants more when I was younger than when
I got older I think when you get older
it happens like I have a book it's like
it's like a lot then it goes down then
it's back a lot when you're older it's
your thing Circle yeah that's why they
had the pen get the way that the pants
or the doesn't come out now are you
getting very shot on this topic it's
okay maybe your human being life at the
time I shit my pants I was in college
and I was just cover you because your
surroundings gonna be so bad okay
another airplanes questions probably
well I think you're starting this vlog
is spectacular it's time I shat my pants
in college I was walking to my apartment
from school it was like sorry no do it
in time I don't want to do it inside cuz
this is our spot wait so I was walking
to my apartment from class one day in
college and the walk was like a twenty
fifteen minute walk seven minutes into
the wall I'm listening to like my tunes
inside it just like a little bit of a
fart wasn't a fart it was a shark and I
meet luckily but it was like close catch
like I just clenched and held it then I
realized well I had like a 10-minute
walk ahead of me and there was no public
baths or called the river over didn't
existed so I'm sitting there walking
with my inch cheeks holding a char like
10 minutes we're sure any doctor that we
have to reduce that bird smoke oh it's
not like a early Eddie song alright guys
thanks for watching make sure to LIKE
this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to my channel and see more
stuff for me and all my friend shout of
the week goes to can't thank you so much
for keeping with all myself and watching
all my videos I really appreciate it
get on that radio again yeah all right
great
like colic spaghetti I actually a hey -
she wasn't oh no do it
did you see the way he hit it I want to
put my pal football hi Zane it's me Todd
scratcher come right in my room and you
look getting to get I didn't get naked
for your camera but I almost did but
then I saw it I just want to let you
know that I missed it for real Ari
although for my silky smooth skin I'm
sure coming back to the camera right now
or get in the morning okay okay sleep
well
god bless
