okay know this I love you guess how baby
I'm not saying I don't like my nose did
I say I don't like my nose or did you
assume I don't like my nose cuz you
don't like you not like that my nose
Druce a little bit do you have a problem
with that you have a problem with Arabs
hey guys welcome to another episode of
know content so we're doing this here we
have heat hussar many of you probably
don't know who he is but a new character
in these videos well no he's a
reoccurring character in my videos and I
thought I would bring him back as a
segment is very important to me then we
have Matt okay all right I just hanging
out loss yeah he's gonna just supervise
whenever we have nothing to say that
we'll be there to guide all so we like
we resolve this in the past log or
whatever you think we just let should go
you oh you didn't see all the comments
like you guys are so mean to Matt all
the emotional abuse maybe you guys could
be just like a little ounce nicer to me
this time around
let him talk do his thing he feels good
he's filming me leave here oh my god
going to be in the video just edit
everything out of it and like whenever I
do this I'll just be a black square I'm
right here today I want to talk about my
my nose did you hear the motherfuckin
6:00 in the morning I could not say it
every day
come on come on like they did they can
at least get like soundproof walls like
built around it you know you don't say
it's very interestin citrate for people
like if it may be what people like upset
don't have to wake up until 2 p.m. you
know what I mean you should have
realized when you rented out this place
why the rent was so cheap it's because
construction was going on across the
street that's why nobody wanted to get
this loud you're a 10 you need to take
it down to it well then she says oh yeah
that building to be up in a month she
lied to us so we can purchase this
apartment baby it's going on a four
month month it is all wood there's not
one drop of concrete don't matter that
they're standing on the starting in this
going you know what if I watching a
little baby girl we've been this is the
beginning you know we still should with
a willing all gravel on the bottom and
now I'm going to be done by the time we
move it okay so I've had not can you
please like lean it up make it a little
easier for us of you I was at a pen a
wanted me to be into exhaustion you are
already invading our privacy you might
as well just come on all the way you
know Oh get your dirty fingernail
nothing it is I'm going to like ukulele
make sure that is I have a look I have
to yeah that's fine at least clean it up
they're going visit the coke nail I am
brand friendly not my whole damn life
have a heart of a ukulele now and you
know what's the pinky melter let's see
that thank you now on about I think try
to hide the fact that he's a nobody he's
graduated he's not doing a little baby
whoa he's got that big stone you can
solo only co-produced coca-cola okay
hashtag we add iris please we need money
alright for a problem with my nose is
that we have what is called a deviated
system Zellweger not if it deviated
a deviated septum is basically I don't
know can you look at us do you know what
a deviated septum lion a deviated septum
you said your septum is the piece of
bone that is between both nostrils okay
so when it's deviated it means it's like
out of place like I have a deviated
septum my left nostril it kind of pokes
out that's how you're always there's
always not coming down your nose we need
often husband's oh no no he'll be you'll
be like talking to me and I just see the
drooled I'm agile man you want to look
like you're go today buddy that's a drip
that just came out of spring okay I'll
tell him and you know go like this yeah
anyway and you don't even wipe off like
leftover shit that still left in there's
no good oh you have any I know I don't
look like much no you don't have a
deviated there's a little white right so
I've been very congested all my life and
people told me it's allergies but I
don't think it's allergies because I'm
not allergic to anything there's like
you can put it like any pets around me
does any that doesn't make me like you
know it's just I'm possibly congested my
entire face feel congested all the time
when I'm sick it gets like ten times
worse than it would already have and
when I lift up my nose like this I'm
able to breathe normally I've talked to
a couple Arabs that also have I feel
like it's error that get it most of the
time because Arabs I feel like the
Sigler nose is just very hard to breathe
when you push down exactly your nose no
I don't think you need to be the thing
that all Arabs have deviated septum no
I'm not saying all air but deviated
something I just feel like common where
Arabs I have a deviated septum I google
that anything I say matt has to go
against it although he is a little
politically incorrect politically since
when did we make this about politics you
can't even talk about his own race
without being racist like I did it it's
unbelievable just look at my privileged
white nothing about Arabs and deviated
septum the other thing I'm finding is
how do you say deviated septum Arabic
and why do you think you know how to say
it in Arabic oh he did not tell the
doctor exactly all talking he's about
this other day now that might fix that
because it's something in my nose he's
like dude usually when you get light in
those it's like it's called a nose job
I'm like I don't want to nose job I just
want my deviated septum fixing he's like
well dude that's that's the main reason
why I didn't know jobs when they fix her
deviated septum and I'm like fuck does
that mean have to get a nose I go get a
No
I think you can ask for to be fixed
without getting without treating the
ship your nose but it's going to change
the shape of your nose yeah I would
imagine it would change it subtle yeah
and if you're going to change the shape
of your nose you might you want to make
it better not worse you know but I'm not
like I don't want to get a nose job on
my I love you yeah baby I'm not saying I
don't like my nose did I say I don't
like my nose or did you assume I don't
like my nose cuz you don't like it do
you not like that my nose Druce a little
bit you have a problem with that you
have a problem with Arabs you are a
white straight male in America and you
don't like my Arab nose maybe I do need
to get a nose job leaving but you wanted
me to come over and then you take this
footage back you realize there's all
this construction noise happening and if
you're not even clear everyone's gonna
be like what the book is that Noah then
I can't even watch the rest of this
between just shaking and that bang and
it's not sound like go to earth like the
whole video give me like Google I
thought we we never make one of our
quality of our videos maybe like I told
you yours is bad but mine is worse than
yours so I got nothing to say that's
about though but I appreciate that
alright let's continue so I need a fix I
need to fix my little deviated septum so
I can start breathing better when I
breathe like this that's how normal
people breathe that's how he breathes
and that's one of the reasons but I
don't I can't breathe I don't have the
privilege of breathing like that can we
show them because we talked about this
last night way your nose looks different
bites just like a tiny little angle like
it changes all right Rama how much nose
job changes faces like completely no I
don't want to talk longer I don't want
there like I don't want to make it seem
like nose job makes people look fat not
better we're gonna pay better we take
different look at you always this omen
shape Romano you better yeah you yeah oh
you don't need luck okay so it's crazy
how different people live with no jobs
it's like they can completely changes
our look I'm gonna go sideways on this
video now if I was just to have a little
bit of like a little it changes my face
complete look straight it's so different
it looks like my note so they're gonna
lift up my nose either doing it hey hold
on is he trying to hold your camera why
are you saying that this side instead of
this side because there's a blank wall
over there and if you do it in front of
his
again it's just going to like mesh in
and this is a more clear fixer are you
trying to say that this is my worst side
for my nose not at all are you making me
feel insecure
oh okay now you're going to commit to
the angles whatever's up oh my god but
when you have activity we're going to
get a little volatile dr. Dorfman that
when I smile I don't want that you're
drooping anymore I want to shit poking
out like a sword put it down a little
bit more oh I'm flying oh if you look
like you're worth of the whip but yeah
it's crazy how noses really changed
people but yeah love yourself baby I'm
gonna nose up here we are the gabbie
show I usually don't have her in my
stuff but I thought we're talking about
noses so why not right now your worries
about know people always tell me I'm
crazy about this but I actually do have
a good tie and I proved it by showing
both sides my face and I flipped the
image and put them side by side aside a
mitosis fucked up do you mean it's
fucked on let me show you I'm going to
show you the side by side this is the
left side of my face this is the right
side of my face on this side I feel like
my nose is cute this side I look like
the Wicked Witch of the West I don't
really see a difference do we do mine
real quick yeah okay alright let's see
yours are the same Oh yours are kind of
different it's a nostril see what it
looks like which side do you think looks
better I don't think either of them
looks bad or better or worse they just
look a little bit different I was
explaining what that like the main
problem they both of our noses right now
that in order for us to breathe normally
pull up our noses like this yeah you see
like people get high on oxygen this is
what it is yeah I know what it's like
just saying that in order to get that
fix you need to get a nose job a lot of
people come over the excuse aying that
they have a deviated septum when they
get nose jobs like they actually don't
your deviated septum it doesn't change
the shape of your nose at all so when
people say that is bullshit so you can
make sure you get something without
getting a nose job yeah for sure it's a
septoplasty or a rhinoplasty they're two
completely different procedures you like
to get it done together honestly if I
ever got a septoplasty I'll get a
rhinoplasty rhinoplasty is the
plastic-surgery part that fixes the
shape of your nose would you have to pay
extra for but yours down and the
anesthesiologist only gets paid one yeah
I mean I mean I wouldn't mind like you
know fucking a home
this is real ready you had a friend
crazy no shot oh yeah me too I need a no
job - alright guys thanks for watching
make sure to LIKE this video if you
enjoyed it and subscribe to my channel
if you want to see more stuff for being
all my friend Jalen we good - Emily
thank you so much keeping up with all my
stuff and watching all my videos I
really appreciate it but now that has
not as I new assistant I decided that
I'll be using tint as doing most of the
physical work of the video while I do
the audio or know what we'll do
but the only time humans david occultic
come over is to vlog and it's always
about my nose
