all right all right kids just is this is
really weird you're not in big red okay
he's sure we are doing coffee talk in my
G I've never been in the pasta to see in
my own Jeep and I didn't realize how
tight it is and how sad is it being here
to annoy him it's really not a guy feel
like in big red knew what was going on
right now my Jeep got stolen too we're
just both locked quickload all day and
we'll get to we'll get to an actual
problem on my end that's happening it
has been a trooper ladies now another
big red my new deadly yesterday Jason
and Todd are just things I'll just
exposed with you like I don't know if
it's on purpose and it's on accident
while they're editing video they just
don't pay attention like how do you not
see a nut sack job it might build
something and so within the onion worst
thing I look at is the underwear I mean
not always I want to penetrate annika so
I'm trying to catch out a weaver coming
out you know I feel like Jason would
have at least been curious to see if
anything pops out I have a feeling he
knew it and he just like the the bit was
good and he didn't want to waste it he
just like you saw it he was like you
know what fuck it let anything it'll
bring more views to my videos oh I think
he was looking around expose okay black
video didn't get enough do so now you
got to expose my nuts right order so you
don't tailgate video my nutsack on the
line you're gonna use my body parts for
your success Jason shady that's fucked
up
I would never do that to you Jason I
would never expose your odor oh this is
awesome I'm getting him did
would have been really bad if my team in
my way we can all really that like that
nicely thinking about I mean it's just
really funny you're talking about this
factor that's anyhow your time alone if
we ever wanted new to be exposed we
would want to in the worst way possible
our penises look like this small you
would want it to be little teacher yeah
it was a complete like exposed
embarrassing I think like my penis was
hard still like get shit for it anyways
there doesn't matter what size your
penis is everybody's going to say it's
small regardless like there's been news
that have leaked and it's a big mondal
never is like oh my god there has to be
like really really giant either got to
be over ten inches or people are gonna
see you know they're small you're fucked
either way it just sucks like you were
either gonna say dude look at that thing
like don't make damn look at it that's
cute that's the worst thing I think you
can say about some beers - Oh cute it's
like a beginning in the Virginia be like
ha thinking you're just like a long way
this girl told me my penis is cute and I
was a girl once your girl no homo /mo
I've seen it it's not cute just scary
dogs you know those monsters you find
the sewers oh my god I literally just
started the TV show like unreal matches
with the guy with the I'm almost Marloes
it like unreal unreal monologues I've
had nightmares of my nudes being week
you had a close call before though but
with the with the showers oh yeah I'm
talking about this before but I'll talk
about again it's very purpose of what
we're talking about right now I was
taking a shower I thought to take like
just a funny dumb
snapchats I like laid down on the
bathtub and I put my feet out and rolled
it a little bit I was like that time I
post it and I go back to it this is a
long time ago I look at it and it has
like over 250 screenshot everything else
in my talk I had wanted to screenshot
that most everybody knows at the time
was - ha ha
damn right okay I was like a hundred
percent screenshot I'm working on my hey
is everybody screen shooting a lot of
things are you might be are probably
cute it's like in this rig whatever I
guess it's a funny picture powers later
I look at it again it's getting more and
more screenshot and I'm secretin I look
at the picture again and though fucking
Mayer
off the bat so you know those names I'm
gonna put it right here is usually a
little mirror thing that's under your
faucet always there I don't know what
that does exactly what it's there and
you see me completely naked
all curled up in it looking like just
like cross yeah I delete it now there's
about 300 people to have that screenshot
and I've talked about it before my if
anybody has that screenshot I would love
to see yeah I just want to see what it
looks like nobody has ever sent it to me
so I'm guessing that he's thrilled to be
less screenshot overall people that I
know back in back home those just a
bunch of people that are my friends
which is but which is what you worry
about the most
you don't really care of the people that
don't know you and some people that know
you that you really care about you're
going to see them again a second they
look at me they're gonna think about
that picture I think if your news
actually got leaked like on Twitter or
something that said like salmonids
Aussies nude and your mom like saw like
the tweet and you had to like click it
to see the picture do you think like
your mom and dad would click it to open
I don't think my mom would my stepdad
would I feel like you would want to just
for a lot by dad wouldn't and my stepmom
one I feel like Robert be the type of
dude to look at it say a thing and bring
it up and like the Christmas yeah yeah
y'all bring you all y'all he'll bring it
up when he's drunk to Christmas dinner
all year I'll have a great dinner out of
nowhere Dane so that little pecker huh I
don't have a small issue it's not swell
dude were kids I didn't even know yeah
baby we've been in Kate oh yeah I bet
I'd black out every time we do this show
I let in Park for like five minutes
let's go baby
you - I love everything she did was just
so much kid organ plays episode of
Spongebob where like everything he does
they cheer for like women everywhere you
know shit happens loves but guess what I
got each other they get serum and we
muscle matters you know baby when we in
coffee tossing get out I feel like I'm
in that black hole really
I'll take to the continent welcome back
kids um very very inappropriate I talk
but I already discuss you look good not
bad coffee clock turns into like sex ed
talk yes sir
see you kids later like I just wish it
wasn't either my bail valid because
everybody's expecting that from us you
know vanie care ability only two people
you can see in that front and then
you're like oh yeah exactly
David like it would have been like the
best thing on the internet like I'd be
like oh my god David so versa nutsack is
al Heath and I are saying that you don't
even know what your nipples look like
I'm actually filming apart to the other
day and my nutsack was out if he caught
it he actually watches what we've edited
and so it just blows my mind that like
you're not looking for my eyes go right
away if I think vitally involved well
that's where it comes to play where I
think you did it on purpose I wish you
the next thing what you got a locker me
don't get out of use day whatever in the
sauna at the gym the guy walks by me the
first thing I look at is his penis to
see if it's bigger than mine or not yeah
you guys just sang on your own
that's why why you would go to see
another man's penis you always loved
that shut the fuck up within the club
yesterday and we walked in cases like
your pregnancy today walk right in
fuckin Baker with a small penis right
front of my face my campaign hot it
resulted in here to the Shea before
happenin to the phone Jason comes in
consulting David he sees me the good
it's okay it's 300 guys back on Twitter
like hahaha is that okay a little bit of
good video like I think even when he's
like I'm single blurry yeah
are you Larry I knew you took like 15
minutes to process and what it is
legally that bad collocation you're
talking all about wall influence but
like the 10th minute
found out no I said somehow he came from
Carly in our group Tom danger literal
Lana is in Jason's lászló I looked up
your name on Twitter and I was looking
at the biggest fear to just see who's
your nuts are on YouTube your nuts are
on the internet how does it feel my your
nuts being like that's my biggest fear I
turned on my Twitter and I saw much what
they're looking and like yours out of
shit my pants
but in my decision so once your Twitter
and I was like King fucking see anything
youtubers down there was just so many
means of mine by the time I went on
Twitter there was like 20 different
memes I was like how did they do that so
clear is even one world like my not and
as I zooming for the message and he's
given to mine upside and it's unlike
really dated letter Jason if appropriate
you tell me at what point do you think
that this was okay you know
yep it Tarak oh my god my god Wow haha
it's right there is a small iMovie
screen alright guys thanks for watching
make sure to LIKE this video to enjoy
the instacharge anypony see more stuff
for me nomogram shall we go to Jamie
thank you so much we'll give you a blow
myself and watching my hey over here
but do you want to come here then I'll
have to know what
like ever
my buddy Austin he always talks about
all along on a big day I'm like okay
awesome you weigh 140 pounds nope got a
big man other night he sent me a
snapchat you text me as a guild I check
your snap Corey Pavin sent me something
sweet
I checked the snapshot and it's him but
naked in the mirror like this I've never
seen anything bigger mines our living
was insane while I was soft and it
looked like a fucking empty toilet paper
roll yeah but it has got to be a solid 9
inch banger when somebody sees Austin
