gonna take us more seriously good
morning kids another day another car
crash so we couldn't come up with
anything else to film today so we
decided that we're gonna do couples yoga
except that's gonna be me and my little
sister desperately we're on our way tour
started trying to pick up some yoga
outfits because none of us have you
outfits I had the pleasure of meeting a
couple of and I his friends today and
let's just say I wish I had you know the
first half an hour being there one of
the her friends are puking in the trash
can which play right here why is she
picking us it's because of hideous
cooking apparently these group of these
girls they like to eat so much to the
point where they have to puke it out
because they eat so much because you
can't you can't digest it it's a problem
funny because before it used to be a
thing where girls that didn't want to
eat like they wouldn't eat in public I
know I wouldn't want to die in it like
now girls are just like I'm gonna eat
whatever I don't want I don't care if
this is fattening I don't care how many
calories this house I'm eating it we're
so different now I think that's great I
think it's important that he died had
finally found friends like to eat her
cocaine just pastry right yeah I feel
like I shouldn't count if you got
stopped by a police officer and you take
out your permit and he sees me filming
all the time I don't think that's a
responsible adult watching you drop do
you not know where it is that you don't
you go though all the time
dingy sales right by the mall I don't go
shopping for athletic clothes Dane Wells
I exercise left Riverside right here the
road this is Riverside on it I just
didn't think that you couldn't drive and
can read you know what else is confusing
you job sheneka Zane is the one that's
on the side of impact
you don't zoom out that happens it's not
really the active hidaya
it's a Dick's Sporting Goods oh you just
gave me some night feed this video is
not sponsored by the Association of
America this is the challenge right now
we'd to find something that fits me and
something that's very loose on you but
not very loose that it's like see what
I'm gonna do is this general so you try
to impress the boys on all YouTube maybe
should check the plus side section
that's for you
that's a good oh you're the entire time
over there we parked on that side
he's a pushover you too friendly yeah
because I wanted to see how far you
and you want to be blue or pink I'm
gonna do like a slide you gotta plant
your feet pleasure we're never gonna
finish
I just did that I am reciting a whole
chakra let's go dance la no get to push
your back straight you can't be the
bottom no bodies off the ground okay all
right guys thanks for watching make sure
like this belief you enjoyed it
subscribe to my channel few want to see
more stuff for me and all my friends
shall be guts etapa thought thank you so
much to keep me up with all myself and
watching all my videos I really
appreciate anything yeah one question
why are we using Home Depot under
construction life because this is always
fun you know seems like your channel is
always under construction
just go maman did you say cry you
should've told me just call my you
should you should have been smarting gun
you knew where the car was you could
have just said if I call mom tell her
you should have done that we've been so
low my god told me you knew the car was
gone like that would've been so good it
would have played out perfectly because
I would've been panicking and me calling
her I would have cried because I'd be so
scared saying you should have done that
you're so like you don't think I know I
know I know don't compare me to David
that's not fair that's not okay yeah
let's just
I need a post on this there I should go
like and subscribe and tag make sure to
follow my Instagram had Zayn and you
know keep up with myself that's where I
mean
