I'm topping at 15 I honestly don't think
it would look good on my channel if I
got you to shave your head was on beta
Channel yeah people think he's a
dickhead but maybe people know I'm a
nice person so if they see they shaved
your head on my channel then I think I
would get away with it
no number a $45,000 truck this truck
looks like it's like clearing out is
this your video in my video oh yeah I'd
like to I'd like this sorry I just
wanted to see what was replacing big red
ok and very emotional whatever place big
red anything nothing what place the
great place big replacing ok so now you
want to mock me and make good on my
marketing car was stolen today decided
to take a last Monroe trip to Oregon
without inviting anybody until an hour
before I woke up at 9:00 this morning
not my fault were the tax company with
attention he's saying maybe we go Oregon
you want to Kerr I called you multiple
times last night and I even texted you
three in the morning no Jessica texts
let me pull this shit off right now pull
it up right now at least you got a call
I didn't get anything you know what he
told me they never the trend happening
I'm not well that's when I decide to 48
yep to 48 in the morning that's what I
did sorry it wasn't three more it was to
48 in the morning three hours sleep I
don't hear and now you're gonna go for
the whole weekend what the fuck am I
gonna do baby I I do distill them all so
come with to Oregons I'm not going to
Oregon and don't put that bullshit on me
baby
hold it organ I'm gonna be an organ who
else do you need are you allowed to take
a rental like that far not in you tone
it down Matt a little bouquet so one
thing you're gonna say and that's it I
don't need to say we invited you to call
the table to sit and stay quiet tell my
truck
yeah want to get out of here man get out
of my over price we're in the middle of
a busy intersection I can't just do that
deep it on you guys doing it guys good
fuck I can't walk back you're really
gonna do this to me light a bit better
than Kaka Kaka I feel bad that poor
thing
hi hi hi bye have a good day baby make
she was not the coffee tornado I didn't
want to Matt shut the fuck up I was a
little aggressive but I liked it you why
I don't you're lucky I picked your ass
back up okay
this is emotional abuse this has been
going on or I don't know how long the
past three months man I've had enough of
it maybe maybe you should not be in
someone's house for more than a month
and maybe people wouldn't be so fucking
much okay i ee I was in a very delicate
time and I needed some emotion so the
only thing delicate what therapy trained
Brisby tree where's Beatrice oh my god
b3 he's got a bigger truck to me if only
a bigger dick oh my god oh my god is
going boring it maybe you need to get
out worried were you going you need to
go and I'm call it the coffee talk let's
talk about how rollable not is there the
time that was in our house and Heath and
I convinced Matt that we were oh my god
my window now you're gonna tell me what
to do production are you making fun of
my production quality what are you
trying to say they're making fun of his
and you making fun of my goods - worse
reconvince not he's and I and all
everybody all over going to Japan
religion and Matt was sitting there like
oh alright that's cool so I mean they're
just waiting for that self invite from
anywhere anymore roofie you know what no
do then there was another time where I
just bought an apartment right like okay
another time are you okay this one I
said hold on you never listen I said
hold on we need to grab coffee for teeth
and I need coffee right now we can't say
any bullshit until we get enough
caffeine in those first
sorry I'm trying to park and I got this
fucking watching my if the whole
motherfuck time parking lot security my
head was also a better ado boots you
want to come and join coffee talk to oh
the word I have you got a business
proposition
where's the keys Raji drives fuckin push
the start shit you lost the key
I'll show this I'm sitting no you lost
the car now you about to lose officiate
don't don't make jokes about me we're
not sensitive about big red you're
saying we looked high and low near and
far across all the land and to the stars
and you can't give us one little answer
gratitude
you know how about gratitude and fellers
I could smell it for you go aah
oh I've been looking for my keys in past
15 minutes now is this goddamn confusing
as push-to-start you need the key in the
wrong key in the car in order to do it
so this is going to be the ultimate test
right now to see if it fell out of my
pocket when I started it in the garage
if it starts it's in here somewhere if
not I don't have the key in the truck
stuck here ready yeah didn't turn on if
you love it there's a girl we begin it
over down all the way back home cuz this
is our Idol we got a mover back with our
coffees what's wrong with you and you
check that damn double there are we
gonna shit was buy me coffee who put him
in there close the damn drawer I I'm in
the middle fuck you that boy
you got me sitting for fucking 20
minutes thinking I'm a dumb ass how
about you just look around a little bit
your new card I know the fuck he ain't
leaning up on my truck like that I know
it's rented bitch but it's my property
right now
you got no real trade you away no matter
with you later
Olivia which I like the work that's real
dedication read that
on Thursday 525 2017 at 1:00 p.m. for
our ceremony
oh sweet as a graduate your God yeah oh
really
Oh Megan gonna make this whole place
closed down because you want to be a
scholar a shit I'm just salting cuz I
didn't graduate like oh okay so what
topic will be on post your coffee here
ever since like what we can have to go
to the why you really change I had
coffee this morning baby whether you
want to drink it or not you should
always grab coffee with me you know what
I like Matt again
man you reading going through the
fucking ritual you ready to jam two and
three to an oak sucks
I wouldn't do the ritual you know why
back to our topic we were just talking
about emotional abuse cuz I think you
talk shit now that I mean you've seen
daddy a five and how he lost custody of
his kid you guys don't even know what Oh
see now physical of you brought my damn
fucking nose baby he just went doing red
how do you want how do you want us to do
coppertop I can't breathe through my
nose I don't know what's just uh be a
public limit again maybe it's good is
gonna organ for it or the other cruising
for a bruising or you want to go oh how
about Japan one time when I moved like a
block away from y'all's place I come
over one day I'm all excited because I'm
now living around the corner from you
guys we GRA moved all the way from Santa
Monica and all of a sudden you guys are
in a Down mood and I'm like what's up
and you say man just pull a dress you
walked accelerated down
and we're gonna have to go home and I'm
like wait what so then pardon me I get
really excited because I'm like okay
well you just excited about my home so
now some rooms are available so now I
can get on my situation look at this
apartment I go to wait but you're still
gonna stay here right you go no man I
don't think so I think I'm just gonna
move out it's like where you move to I
don't know like Santa Monica or Venice
and I'm just like you little bitch I
just moved all the way from there to
here and now everybody's leaving
oh yeah Tyrion and recumbent mad Mick
Meghan was moving with Kim too that's
really serious I'm like oh they're
joking but no oh my God we're back in
the garage arm over Bobby bad eye on the
set of david dobrik like never right now
David is convincing Corinna his shaver
entire head bold okay that's pushing for
an experiment idea and now we're asking
her how much you okay yeah I think I
should I think a good price for I'm
going to shave their head completely
like Karina will be 50 grand right yeah
yeah how long does hair take to grow any
two years now if I go back to Quran only
two years it's half an inch a month do
you think it's worth it two year waiting
for hair to go back for 50 grand I'm
gonna bomb at wigs and I just found like
- a grand turn is lucky actually getting
like a buzz cut tomorrow I'll do it for
30 I guess I really don't want how much
would you shave your head boy I don't
think I would do it I just don't want
that and no money I'm gonna stupid
because I got tattoos it must be for the
rest of my life just for a few hundred
dollars but to shave my head only last
like two years getting your head is like
that's you every day forever know why I
don't know what I would do it for and
I'm a boy you were talking about how
like you wouldn't do it for any amount
of money and I always thought that was
crazy but I was watching this video
about the guy was walking up to people's
dog and he was a can I buy a dog about
hundred thousand dollars in cash and
everyone said no everyone they're like
no way he even showing the cat it was
like a Dahlia pod for a long time I
couldn't sell my dog never had dogs I
wouldn't know but I think that's real
Carly the same with her yeah I love like
yours look into their grants is like my
persona like it's hard to think of that
being gone - I just really find with a
bone oh yeah especially since your hair
is a different like a pink color a wig
you'd be able to rock way better than
any
cheap with to me I'm like yeah Omar's
let's do it Jim ahead 50k oh you want to
take my offer
I offered Corrine a 15k to shave her
head for my offer 426 money but no no
you have to understand the ratio of that
amount of money I don't have 15k but if
I had to go and try to if I had to go to
try to try to go to try to find 15k he
would rather at 20k from David we can
just pull that out of his Chanukah and
not mean 15k we're have to go and try to
feel okay if pain serious about 15k I
can't tell I feel like you and Zane are
working together sabrage was priced out
we can do research and see if you could
donate a lot I would honestly honestly I
don't even think I do anytime really
wow you're really a piece of shit you're
really a work of art guys this is our
friend Amanda everything took 9:40 like
you called twice 1:30 man oh yeah this
is really urgent
I'm with Zane Brennan Carly how much
should I give Karina to shave her head
for a YouTube video
shave her whole head on yeah what do you
think is a good price what can we afford
as a team Jack you don't you don't think
it's fair honestly I mean it's gonna
like I would probably give her like oh
no no you're just like n I get 50% of
Jack you lowball baronet Kern is over
here asking for 50 yeah action Beverly
that's good I can see that okay you see
another day you both you and your
manager both stingy
okay look Karina 1552 I Jack I'll call
you back to send over some contracts for
Coronas hair and I'm sorry alright guys
thanks for watching make sure liked this
video if you enjoyed it and subscribe to
my channel and see more stuff from me
and all my friend charlie weakest Olivia
thank you so much for keeping up with
all my stuff and watching all my videos
I really appreciate it Carly Carly
I need your help with an outro what the
thing is that I need you to kiss my
cheek no I have a boyfriend
video it was a bit so it's it's fake it
doesn't matter it really does
I usually write here something right it
doesn't matter though it's little high
number didn't come from Nikki soon
yum-yum-yum Scotty doesn't
what the thing is that I look at the guy
getting his photo taken we do
professional hedge
