I say to you happy birthday dear Jason
schooling on cuz really like this is all
I can bring to your birthday party was
no help I'm stuck in the balcony come
get me then it really is you what they
say about firefighters come put me out
don't you we have him in hers all its
protein fibers not going to believe it
we've been doing really well this is day
one of getting better after working out
once just they go to the gym one time
he's like all in the kitchen yeah the
BCAAs you really need to have a proper
post-workout protein isolate is my time
we're looking at different work
chemistry I don't like how this one's
like been that way yeah it doesn't get
my core right doesn't really hit my
posterior deltoids the way I would want
I'm really towards they even know those
are in the auto body where you're like
it's really both body like the two I was
rolling okay okay you fucking with a
turbulences
oh yes I'm typical about you want more
boards but before tell her that I'm in
most school were a kid named Erin I
didn't go to vocational bid you know
weird kids yeah yes consumer into the
sky he got hit in the chest I can hear
my solar plexus and like he was 109
theory and everybody started laughing
and like people start making fun of any
that is there it's awful
no that was my back I was like back when
I played soccer I was a goalie and I
caught my first ball I never when I was
going like your volume and I caught my
first like I never when I was goalie I
miss every shot I think I because I
wasn't a goalie but they put me in
goalie because I was so bad in the field
it magically so bad in something where
they put you in the most important spot
but they happened because we need to
make a poor I caught the ball for the
first time he and we're going after the
ball I got the ball and went like that
he slit his knee right into my full
speed I couldn't breathe for like ten
minutes really well I was just totally
over exaggerated because if I couldn't
reach me ten minutes I'd be dead but we
get it maybe you ever get I was out of
breath and you know me being a drama
queen it probably wasn't even that bad
but back then I was probably trying and
it didn't even hear that much but and I
actually heard really bad I couldn't
breathe out my back was broken like I
was gone my life is over the oldest
sport I ever played was soccer I was
because my dad was like you soccer pin
he wanted me to
I love soccer I just wasn't good at you
know those players are just nobody likes
because we're so bad as I'm doing
laughter we really have to put him in I
was does that play coach was pissed - do
we really have to put him in nobody ever
wanted me in the team and also I don't
think people like me as a person anyways
your dad by my side like put my kid in
coach is like guys I'm social yeah you
know what I kind of wish that happened
because you didn't go to the game oh my
god babies no it's not I feel really bad
right now
stop I'm kidding he came to the games
but she's up Jerry I'm shaking
whistle great have a lot of sports where
did you all made I played football
soccer at volleyball
oh wow okay oh really or just your phone
on being that you could complete all
those sports you know but it was weird
though like I was good at it but I just
didn't enjoy it like my brother was like
a super athlete and he was just good at
everything like I wanted to follow his
footsteps
so I was doing it was pretty good but I
just didn't care okay I wasn't excited I
wasn't like Booya football practice was
gone it was just like hey I like doing
this I'm having fun my friends your
friends were on the team right yeah and
then I got to the point where I was like
I'd rather just play music and like we
did we didn't do drama the drama in
middle school and then I did improv up
in high school mr. zimberg I didn't know
that I didn't problem if I don't
remember you ever performing though I
wasn't in like the plays or anything
like I did like the 30 and 60s I was a
funny show like I remember holes who
wanted to go to those shows because I
was like the only funny show it was like
are like schools versus like improv kind
of like little skits it was like
basically like I was little bond yeah
and it was they were like they were
actually really good wrote those good we
did her nice good yeah honey for the no
good that was good those were good 1360
was five over there so those are and
everybody was just hoping and hollering
for ease whenever he's on stage and she
me and he definitely had different who
were just like the really PocketNow is
just like not long you would popular
amongst your crowd in your video crowded
- you were the most popular - a little
emo phrase ha ha ha ha
who who's texting discuss about YouTube
guys hate to talk about this oh here we
go yeah weird subject is I don't want to
talk about it as much as we should talk
about that I think you guys deserve to
know what's going on behind like you
YouTube is like basically basically
being really really strict right now
with the whole lots of thing on our
channels and Heath and I'd like channels
have been like
really hit with this like huge like
basically our handles are blocked from a
lot of companies companies right now are
in like we curse and whoever doesn't
know about us and I know the ads that
play before you watch the video a lot of
you guys haven't been experiencing too
many ads or any ads at all it's not
being demonetized but it's being blocked
by a lot of company are like paychecks
are now dropping down by eighty ninety
percent not like no holy show what we're
gonna do because our chantrey our
channels aren't broke and that's what's
most important like if our channels were
also broken we're like a lot of you guys
can't even watch yourself and it'd be
like okay whatever it is but our tails
aren't broken and I think that's the
most important part of our ization
doesn't work we'll figure it out and I
think that's why we're not like in like
such a hot spot right now just kind of
playing it by ear and see in what
happened your support with letting our
merge which is so cool really does hell
I know you guys have been asking about
my emergence be dropping there and it's
it's literally in the works right now
I'm actually working with one of our fan
I really like her are actually using her
Arctic with her permission of course who
let it on the merch which is so cool I
think that's the biggest honor ever be
able to use one of your guys are and
I'll finally make that release I know
y'all got no money loving it on David no
pushing lampshade hey guys they got any
blind vertical but I just dropped some
new hurricane shutters it yeah it's
really cool for you guys to like again
to support us on this site and give me
every cloud chasers now yeah we just
wanted to spill spill to see a little
bit the tea ain't that strong but
something you know something that we
think you guys deserve to know anyway
again like like we've said before we
really appreciate you guys so much thank
you for sticking with us sticking
through the hard time is the hi Ryan
look at you babe oh my can never call to
break yo for real
it's okay baby this is a test from God
it really is you sounded so sarcastic
like I said you were like making fun of
me kind of like no baby it's a test from
God it was more of a surprise I thought
I'd start going to church I'm like
really weird on the last person people
to talk yeah no that's one thing in like
I respect that you know maybe I've seen
your I've seen your videos from church
first kids live oh yeah it gets lit also
come over the bun no good we're not sure
yet we're barely talking about this but
it might happen in mind I want to get
your hopes up too much well he's a
imagine doing something crazy okay so
just stay chill just open up it you'll
find out okay all right Jason I thought
hey everybody treats you like absolute
Porsches and you know I thought I'm not
going to put a sock in Python or a
tarantula or a scorpion I thought hey
daddy put the whole time I knew it
everybody is so sweet move it and got me
something nice I'm gonna be a sweater or
like a new can't a new camera
you know people say just like how I
asked me I'm right here's what does
David posting I'm sorry all right guys
thanks for watching make sure like this
video if you enjoyed it subscribe to my
channel and see more stuff for me and
all my friend Charlie Kosar Rowena thank
you so much for keeping up with all
myself at all I'm who's making here who
finally there's probably cold it's fuck
every time we have through deliveries
oh oh
Oh
how can it be a slim but everybody doing
it the talk about the talk abou think
fuck you built this six pages of safety
tip and then this will be an interesting
