it's my suit you know I can't be
listening this kind of music especially
I'm at home in my innocent year oh why
it's against my religion
damn that sucks wanna keep listening to
a deck you know you wouldn't last a
second in my shoes it is not that hard
wearing some flippy flops and so
long-sleeve in it and a little scarf on
your head it's not that bad so you want
to try want to try want to try what wear
a scarf long sleeves cover up a bit okay
I can do that
what's wrong shit toes I mean I mean
it'll probably help your views if people
didn't see as much stomach okay this is
your dad's house
you close the door cause you to think
that was good enough alright so what are
you gonna have me wear see you know you
have to wear block please first why I'm
fine with I'm fine with short sleeve you
think I would be fine with short sleeve
I would love to wishes but I can't okay
so you can't okay alright okay okay keep
it love seeing that belly don't think
okay you need to stop don't goodness did
you get a doll those are old this this
should not be a lot in the religious
maybe wearing this okay I'm feeling
black how about you just get me a basic
give me a basic black you're not wearing
a basic blocks are you said that it's so
easy to wear what I'm wearing and I'm
wearing a flower pretty scarf you're
gonna wear one that's fine that that's
that's cool I could do that that's cool
that's fine just do it yeah yeah fine
fine me one yes
first you have to wear a little pink
don't rip it I thought you're making me
wear a sir if I know but like this is
the base so it doesn't slip off grace
yet okay how do I worry I don't want to
wear this you look like you're getting
ready to rob a bank
don't pants
oh you went straight for it
she put the pen through me I'm probably
bleeding to this area
you know when they say beauty her at
least you don't de lacks again what's
the pin shhh
looks weird still because of all this
some reason they look good fix it well
looks like okay now take this off me
it's really hot
no you said you could be in my shoes
fold it I usually go out like this
oh okay no no there I'm not going out
like this okay well first off I'm not
going out like this
beautiful you're not driving because we
all know that you can't drive you're not
driving yes I am you're not driving ok
ok ok I don't want to go out like this
suck a lot of people that's a funny joke
open it today open dope is not a
religion I'm the driver and I just don't
just please don't hit my car right here
every time I'm in the passenger seat I
get to at least wear my hat so cough it
up oh ok everybody keeps looking at me
every person that looks at me yeah
iodized ever since last time I saw you
how are things in school were you so
like really famous he's still being a
type of paparazzi no you don't put me in
any more of your videos
what I'm putting you in right now well
maybe I'll be famous now somebody woke
up on the wrong side of the bed this
morning I don't feel good in this ice oh
hi Florida so hot and I gotta wear all
this I didn't even make you wear long
pants okay calm down
no sorry timeout school no this candid
next to me we have the FSA testing that
I'm sure a lot of kids have right now or
they're having it a kid next to me he
was in my class last year one of my
other classes people were told me of
that he like sells drugs yeah so when he
sang to me I just smelt the weed and I'm
just like oh he's smell like you're hot
do you think you got a little high from
that week that was so sick I probably
got sick
you got secondhand high that's why you
feel that did you feel that test you
passed it you're making everybody stare
at us because you can't drugs the second
day and look like this boy slept through
the whole test he just answered whatever
it was like sloth I'd see him before the
test he unwraps a brownie did you ask
him for some brownies no why two dudes
right now so confusing what's happening
no he's a boy he's not supposed to date
guys probably because the scarf is
running her face you know what teachers
said that to me once and I was like who
the hell I'm sorry
assalamo allaikum very piercing shop
does that take him back to the girl
Hey well I gotta remember how infected
my fellow blood was in so bad yeah what
she said and she would like it baba says
yes you can give him like what a target
see ya why why would you want to wear a
belly but you wouldn't even be able to
show it's not for others it's for me you
actually wanted a belly button piercing
eye stuff a lot of you I would say no to
he brought up this whole speech Obama
said you know like Cristiano Ronaldo
does not have tattoos what because then
you can't donate blood and I'm like oh
tattoos have to do with a piercing like
cuz that's the next step I don't want to
tattoo I just want like a bigger like
noticed rush
that's all mama said oh my I'm just
surprised that you guys had this
conversation I wish I was there I wish I
got that film that would have been good
contact
can I have my second year pierced and I
was like if you want your swollen your
second here appears the second hole or
second ear oh you have one ear piercing
I think that's a trashy er than having
to your second hole is fine I personally
don't agree with you getting a belly
bump you're right I got it valley but
I'm 24 years old though if you ever tell
your daughter that she can't have a
belly bump person I will defend her and
I'll bring up every one of your videos
like you know what honey I dad had a
belly but I think I will take you that
comes with age though no age 24 no I
think once you're 18 you can get like
whatever you want 117 get it because
you're gonna regret it when you're
married
oh so that's probably gonna be like my
next year I don't want put your life at
risk because they're coming for your
side no I'd be fine I have a lot of
armor right now what you're looking at I
don't like people looking at my goodies
this kid Lily stared me down and I
looked at him why do you want to take a
picture like who are you we had the same
thing no I don't have big nose you have
it's not right that you're just judging
people off their looks I have a big nose
too how much oh just because you have a
big nose means that you could just make
fun of everybody else's big noses that's
my property right oh no you don't have
probably rights over me this is my body
all right guys thanks for watching make
sure liked this video if you enjoyed it
subscribe to my channel you want to see
more stuff for me and all my friends
charlie we go set knee by ya
thank you so much for keeping up with
all myself and watching all my videos I
really appreciate it I'm still home and
it's late now so I don't have anybody to
join me on my outro but I thought you
know what let's call Heath because I'm
missing so much you haven't changed a
bit
I miss you too dude I can't wait for you
to come to Florida he's coming my baby's
coming Wednesday
dude I'm not gonna be able to come
anymore Oh what are you just kidding
