not okay so a girl sent me an email with
the website of heat straw it's different
color rooms and everything but it's the
same VIN number what it's being sold in
Florida right now huh I mean that's what
we're guessing right now but baby we
found the truck but here's the thing I
showed heat the website he said he saw
those pictures when he bought the truck
in like the first time shows 65 thousand
mile and that's what the knowledge was
when he first bought the truck the girls
arts the VIN number on this site and she
said that a VIN number states that it
was purchased 20 minutes ago wherever
the truck is it might not be important
or it might not be in Florida at the VIN
number states that regard to 20 minutes
ago oh okay so Heath and I are going to
a police right now to give him the
footage we're gonna tell the girl just
sent us where are you right now okay you
want to come with us hello Carlene
conscious of loss sure misses you yes I
can see you finally you know take a
break from your boyfriend to hang out
with most of the time she's like you
know doing shit with her boyfriend going
to Universal every other day which I
never understand why you do like coming
up jealous what I don't understand how
someone can go to Universal you want to
eat asses are so expensive we got
seasonal passes are really three dollars
more expensive than one day passionately
not our money's worth I going eight
times okay I only go because he loves it
so much
I'm literally back at all just like a
good girl how are you and Bruce do
honestly really good a lot of his
clothes fit me exactly like it's
literally perfect all you hear about is
this clothes you don't care about thank
you I do but I have errands clause that
I can pick from now I have Bruce's I
have my own best relationship I could
ever think Bruce and I are the exact
same size jeans so he's fair game I put
on one time and I was like Bruce I need
them and there are times where you'll
come over and I be like I love that
shirt it'll be like Carly's fuck off
could because I'm fucking let me
actually argued about it like actual
arguments for it it was such a big thing
on my birthday he gave me and I was
happy about it and not even getting old
my boyfriend wear them but like I
fucking love you see most girls take
their boyfriends like hoodies I think
like it's actually more for goals where
the size W edges
have you heard of the whole Avril
Lavigne thing it's like trending on
Twitter right now the whole conspiracy
theory she said she died in like 2007 or
something and she has a replacement
person has taken over her career it's
interesting though because when she
started to get really famous she had a
body double I would go around I kept
everything awesome right now so there's
a girl her name is Melissa Vendela
they're all tired when Avril Lavigne got
really popular you walk around and like
has a paparazzi follow her so like
attention would be off of a girl because
she looks so much like her no this is
Avril at the time right okay and this is
her body double at the time whoa same
with the same little everything exactly
the single right after I think refers
the second album came out she her
grandpa and there are videos of her on
stage like sobbing and singing cuz like
she couldn't get over and you're really
close the theory is that she killed
herself around that time and the label
company was like my gosh she's growing
right now like we can't do that I want
to tell anyone so they hired this girl
literally go in her place and just be a
girl living it's weird when you dive
into it because a lot of things are
weird but at the same time it's like she
probably just grew up like a lot it's
like her stage presence was so different
like she used to dress this way and now
she's like in dresses and she sings
differently maybe this is what have it a
David may be like at some point he died
and swoop him along to look fucking evil
I'm gonna bring in tarantula there's a
conspiracy breaks out that David died
like four years ago I was a vlog came
out an interviewer asked and was like so
there series that you're dead and she
got real awkward she was like I'm no I'm
here just look very weird I think that
we need to start having some doubles
also just so we can post more videos
over you suppose things like video I'm
starting five times a week
looks like completely different people
as days I like this is ten years later
so maybe just grew up and grows like the
punk name I'd be worth like making it
with something I don't know hmm update
on the truck we wanted he to join us on
this little update that we want to give
you button evidence is all read missing
case he's been a ditch enough for other
people and you know meanwhile were the
ones who were staying up into the wee
hours of the night in search and looking
at every corner around in Los Angeles
trying to find it struck you guys sent
us so many email thank you guys so thank
you so much I said to so many tweet so
many link so many different sites that
may have the truck on there I've never
seen more red trucks in my entire life
than they're not alive you're sending us
the same lengths as other people because
someone will put it in the comments one
link that they think it's it and then
all of you guys would see that link as
it has a lot of likes on it would send
us the same link so just let everybody
know all the links that you see in the
comments always that you've been sending
up none of them are you know he'd straw
even if they do really look like them
they're not he's shy and also people
that own those trucks on the site for
getting a bunch of calls from you guys
and you guys are all saying that you
stole he's drug when it's not used
wrongly and they actually called he and
told it Russell you guys know that like
just to stop calling they just don't
understand why so many people are going
to think dope or looking main things
though some people are missing when it
comes to these truck are the details and
the details are truck had black side
we're some of the trucks that I know are
being bent on a bread side mere eat
straw does not have over a hundred
thousand miles yeah and it does not he
does not have his back either if you see
a truck with a red bag on it on the top
he doesn't have that either although
I'll have like a good story of the
investigation or a date he's got back in
town he asked me like what needs to be
happy only lead I had was that Robert
came on a bike yeah so he's bike he came
on a fight and so I was thinking he must
live around in the neighborhood you know
he had no getaway no and he had that
camo backpack on I'm thinking in my mind
on a bike live so locally wears a
backpack they go to school yeah I don't
know let you said he had a little
lanyard to in some parts it looks like
she has it but I don't know what these
high schoolers were doing or in the more
a black Google 9 nothing more worried
about what the hell are you doing at
4:00 in the morning on a school night
not stealing other people's car what the
hell are you doing out of school at 4:00
in the morning so I look up the local
high school just a few blocks away
uh-huh and I look up the bell schedule
on the website my yes I called the
school I like was on Google Earth like
looking up with a bike rack I'm figuring
me to do a stakeout Oh to when school
gets out before we continue him and he's
booked when I was sick I had something
I'd love to do so they both went eats
and I get in this truck off and we go to
the local high school and I even called
the school before I was like I couldn't
find a bike route on wheeler all my said
go I hold office I like like hi this is
the high school only high I'm in a real
big hurry I'm on my way to the high
school I need to park my bike where is
the bike rack on campus see major voice
a little like squeaky ornaments like hey
I'm just like I'm really brought some
kind of mutant II brought a new student
and luckily she didn't ask like well
what's your name what are you coming to
campus for he told me exactly where bike
rack was they have a security not good
enough he tonight it there Bri backpacks
whole lightly or else it had sunglasses
on because I didn't want him to get
recognized I went like Scotty versa I
even saw you guys leaving I'm like why
the hell are you guys wearing David's
murder when you want to cover up but you
also want to get right denies that we
get there Heath is like about start
smoking like Keith you can't smoke this
cigarette away from are due to the holes
it's like only the campus police officer
is right there we waved around like the
bushes and gamma bell ringing we're like
let's go lock up we keep our heads low
and we just sit there and we just look
at every student's back as they walk out
looking for a camouflage backpack in
like five minutes and it was a lot of
student Keith started feeling really bad
you already like these kids are way too
young
yeah I'd be robbing or like they're not
even like on it got that feeling too
because I mean like high school kids are
again you don't realize how young high
school kids are these kids I think are
like in college definitely sophomores or
juniors is definite so that's what we
kind of got to that realization when we
were there that kids just seemed too
innocent I saw a view camo backpacks but
none of them were that did you we're
right out someone come here a little
like why are you four in the morning
that reason is what I wanted to do so we
spent about 10 minutes there and like
there were teachers to the principal
with all yeah you talk you doing the
carpool but we're just like I went in
the front office I asked to speak to the
campus police no honor he wasn't there
which means we need to go again and just
show him yeah backpack and go keep an
eye out it's a very specific back that
actually forgot to mention this in the
last video I called 911 la I called 911
12 to 13 time and nobody answered like
this is supposed to be an emergency hot
like you call this number when you're in
trouble if you think you're about to be
murdered you call 911 you saying
anything bad is about to happen you call
911 you expect them to and they didn't
pay their bronzo none of them answered
ated they put me on hold for 15 minutes
until a lady answered I want emergency
even the way she said it was that over
now I want emergency I was like lo yes
I've been on hold for 15 minutes and my
friends truck has just been stolen what
do we do here is i Infotech alright sir
let me let me transfer you someone that
can help you put three on hold again
more like 10 more minutes and nobody
responds like home god that is my mind I
did LAPD for you they will only help you
if someone's been murdered or there's
cracking ball what I what if I what
getting murdered 50 visit man there's
someone outside the house I think
they're trying to murder me let me
transfer you to somebody like it help
you LAPD get your shit together because
that is ridiculous that I had to call 13
times and still nobody answers one
person answered the 13th time ridiculous
ridiculous red that is a ridiculous we
finally got the footage I was able to
compile all together at the moment they
want in all angles for the moment they
leave in a truck all angles give it to
the police like it just like the whole
vibe is just like oh they were like we
see this all the time and maybe we'll
turn up apparently la has this new
license plate detector that can really
identify cars of and stolen they're
optimistic about that but other than
that they don't really mean that like
hands-on they can you know it's really
you know you should be focusing more
like you know murders and like I feel
like after this happen how many people
didn't care about this hospitai feel
like it just makes it okay that people
can steal other people's car and then
just yes it was and get away with it
look was all
so interesting here the high school are
a whole bunch of shop shop sketchy
karma-kandiya places were they just
salvage old car all of these garages all
near the high schools I'm being like
that student or whoever was working
right there they wouldn't have been on
the major highway so I was driving
around these back alleys looking for the
truss all nothing apparently those
stolen cars most of the time steal it
and put it in like a shipping container
bit in the parking lot they're like
monks and then they sell it overseas hmm
so something tells me that we got to do
a little steak a little takeout go down
to the port you mean try to find this
alright guys thanks for watching your
show like this video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to my channel if you wanna
see more stuff for me and all my friends
shot of the week goes to Chris thank you
so much for keeping up with all myself
in watching my peers I really appreciate
it I just see that the lots of you I
post say the last shot I did was a girl
with way to be here with a hood over and
labret and everything puppy was in the
gums like they did he just expose the
girl like so his child I go back in like
oh my god how did I not notice a girl
who actually stole the car but he likes
you sold Keith's truck watches your
videos it is already like then at the
end she sees the shout out this is like
oh
these are making conspiracies about our
run oh no this is different girl grew up
and like grew out of the Punk thing
