the ambulance comes to keep direct
pressure on that ship certain keep the
cameras rolling
all right well happy 100 200 and once
log yell to start out to start out fresh
with the first vlog after 100 um we'd
like to let you know that together we
weigh on over 400 pounds
look we're not body shaming ourselves as
we are so unhealthy I'm not saying that
fat is bad like baby Megan you know they
get beautiful a lot of you to constantly
give me those comments get heat those
comments and you know we really I just
threw you in there like every day I wake
up I feel like shit because I'm so
unhealthy I just like I just feel like
they're just they're just some changes
that need to happen you know it's gonna
start you're not seriously baby well
that for one needs no no no no no it's
vanilla coke Oh vanilla is healthy for
you you know you do not need to be
drinking this shit you know how many
starving people are in this world that
would that could use the coke starving
people that need vanilla coke yes it
does don't extract in there that comes
from the forest so you know baby I'll
let you make the decision right now okay
I know that you're stronger than this so
I'm gonna leave it up to you I'm gonna
leave it right here you have the choice
you can either let me load it and you
can sit there and look at it and not
take it or you go ahead and pick it up
and drink your little photo just gonna
stay right here until you make your
decisions okay let's not let's go here
I'm strong daddy so maybe I know you got
this you don't need that shit come on
now shit not this baby
bitch they that is something I want to
say ever since I haven't been living
with Scott and Todd I haven't been to
the gym once living with Heath makes it
very hard to go to the gym do not say
living with me I go to a gym you just
choose not to no it's it's just it's
just hard to go with heat because you
know the teasing can go together so it
makes me like the third wheel and I
can't work out by myself because I don't
know how to you are just making up
excuses oh my god I am NOT making
excuses
oh yes you are no I'm you're not I give
you the option this what look I try hard
you try a real real hard I try rip I
attempted to not open that box of Oreos
but I did but you can't say that I
didn't try oh I'll beat well now pump it
out okay shit lessen the day's baby eat
what you want
cuz life is any fucking shit heated
alright so the day we film that dancing
video I had a guide film behind the
scenes of you know just our coal chute I
wasn't planning on posting it I didn't
think I needed to or wanted to be on it
but I got a lot of requests to post that
video and luckily I did have someone
film that video so I'm just going to
show you guys cuz I'm gonna give you
guys whatever you ask
enjoy
sup guys welcome to this is real special
for my going with other than I thought
a little nervous comes that record look
like an American Eagle commercial gave
me a lot of money in the air
you didn't pay me anything mistress we
can work out up there
ouch it's no joke yeah and then I ran
out there I hit on my best got my boy
here hold the fans appreciate it he grew
from are all words originally come on a
friend head basically my eyes like that
I had a real shot back home in Chicago
well I my dad to me that you can become
my dad
let's go she as a young girl I feel
great
I hung grace I was busy from dancing one
time what was that only one minute of
dancing and I feel like I just ran a
half marathon it was fun I've had a lot
of fun shooting with babe that's like
one here I say fuckin sucks temporal
advantages all he cares about is a solid
alligator shit put it out up too long
you may come over here like you with
this crocodile game
shut up Spain and you have a plan of
action
yeah you good
that way sounds great I just say I'm
just kidding Arthur okay yeah
bye-bye all right final pop huh well pop
can have a fucking tasty that you know
sample that was awful this much Phil no
budget just himself Keith much better to
do it I love you too we see what my life
is look at look at my French using Nico
Jason and David decided to play this
dumbass game where they're throwing wine
balls each other and they had to catch
it but when David caught the wine bottle
it shattered on his head and completely
dashed his hand open my card I am right
now it's not big blood does that law
sign it really can we lift you I can
maybe give me a little bit of sad face
cry for me we need it we need a phone
there you go holy shit Jesus don't like
Meredith ice on the floor you know
you're gonna pass out I hope I pass out
yeah yeah everybody has rubber thumbnail
okay I'll get the one where he passes
out somebody gets the one with the blood
on it somebody get someone with him in
the ambulance and then somebody else
gets the one where he's in the hospital
bed is that good
perfect I'm doing it name is josh is
calling 9-1-1 right now really bad do
you feel like you're about to pass out
really really really bad have you can't
pass out that's that's when it's bad Oh
baby if you supply are you doing the
same fucking thing you're Audrey yeah
Natick cos that this was great
underlined whenever when I was okay this
is job that ambulance guy was a keep
direct pressure on that ship certain
keep the cameras rolling
hahaha the worst part about this is like
yeah the pay's over but I hate stitches
dude you're gonna look like a badass you
said you're gonna head your right hand
or left hand oh that's fine oh that's
fine they're good man it landed on uh-oh
this way a bigger fear that it landed on
the ground and I was still going to
reach for it and it stood up so I jammed
my hand right into aw shit y'all if you
capture
I will stab you with the groceries in my
hair David the tables have turned guys
make sure you follow me on Twitter
think about all the pinkos you're going
to get and be able to sell for street
value oh damn I rejected I'm good god oh
they're coming baby
bye $1,600 a grandbaby called name is
because he didn't wanna get his testing
they're gonna be why I hate out of
footage why your partner a little better
we will have to work for them y'all get
it back up and a real pilot yup because
of David but that's no surprise
you know tragedies brings people closer
together yeah it's kind of we finally
you know for the vlog this kind of David
Haines is about to be completely gay 7
yeah but that's it there you go let's
put this all behind us I know please let
me just get I'm just gettin on the plane
always making about yourself
that's nothing wrong with David I'm
gonna be chopped off it's fine you think
this stuff he's good at the dude it's
finally time to put this behind us and
again we're going to jump ship for a
while no I'm around there you go you
just hop in David so we're good over the
last hundred episodes right was like
couldn't you put your people on a
billboard I wanna be in your next common
it saw that it was a little jealous
under how close Dana I would have had to
because you know what if you're if
you're in at least one video before that
I would definitely put you on eternal
well you know what we'll do in his room
alternate picture gesture and I make up
for the fact that you're not a billboard
right guys you see it here first I know
this is an awkward moment right now
because David's about to die but welcome
welcome welcome Josh you're welcome
Edwin on TV for a long time this is all
your fault right social services going
to together we're gonna get one comment
on this video this is who else doesn't
feel that today we're just gonna have
like over 5,000 David let's see that
thumbs up in OH
they're alright guys thanks for watching
make sure liked this video enjoyed it
subscribe to my channel or see more
stuff for me and all my friends shall we
go to Sydney thank you so much for
keeping up with all myself and watching
all my videos do David's fuckin video
well yeah because I know he's known as
entire risk of it he's gotta stop doing
this dumb shit I know all time well dude
it obviously works people want to watch
that shit we just got to figure out
something worse to do say no go on
yeah that's Josh from drinkin Josh
