how about that I have to shoot it
backwards one-handed if I make it you
actually got bow on time no Jesus okay
oh my god click on the dishes alright so
this is a different kind of coffee table
apparently Starbucks has this new
colorful tangy unicorn drink yeah
there's a lot of different opinions on
this drink but I thought on don't want
the penis really matter except what they
need so are you gonna go get the drink
and we're gonna try it for ourselves so
a lot of different coffee places or
cafes or McDonald's or any place like
that usually has like a secret menu
where you don't see it in the store you
don't see it on their menu or anywhere
you have to like go online and kind of
do some research to find like these
special foods and drinks that they have
and they'll make it on the spot for you
apparently if you ask for and there's
some places where you have to say
something special before you say you've
got to say like a coat before you even
say that every place does it differently
like you walk in like you get the wrong
car detect you walk in Peter Piper Pizza
security I think we have a crackhead I
think they think you're trying to do a
drug deal with them and you went up to
the wrong person in the store in the
drive-thru right now resource that we're
supposed to ask just ask for it in a
special way do we just say yo can we get
the unicorn drink or do we say it in a
special code way I think it's like huh
let me get that one horn you know what I
got you baby I got ya can I get that
good-good that that new secret drink
that you know I want to talk about with
the with the stuff the colors
what oh my god what are we gonna do what
what's it what's the closest thing you
can get us that's something like that oh
man we just have to show Instagram that
we got one exactly
but you can watch the taste of it you
want that's fine get edited on vsco cam
we got it make it to medium grande
sho'nuff Russia Dugald thank you very
girl funny thing is that they don't know
that they just did not a unicorn drink
for Zayn and he this right here she
gonna get it when I get up to that
window I swear to god I'm still that
whole rack of popcorn soon as we pull
down imma steal the entire tip I'm not
gonna give me my unicorn drink I'm not
that angry but but still how you gonna
know how the unicorn fare I feel like
it's only been out for like what five
days so six days not even right I'm just
surprised you know I'm surprised always
convinced and like delinquent or the
least you could do is go call another
store and go pick it up and bring it
back exactly you notice and if it's just
colors they you need to get water fuck
don't you have the colors inside the
store you throw color events do
something
I am aggravated I bet you she wanted a
unicorn drink too and they don't have it
for her either on a lady carrying a pink
drinkin I was gonna go so it's my heart
drop down Oh the Starbucks on Street has
it all really I'll give you 30 bucks I'm
here for the colorless good Rick Oh
Thomas was never gonna want to sponsor
oh geez why you had to be so hombre
friendly I don't know work with the
company that runs out of a stain
gradient fill up that yelp review with
life oh my god our eunuch Andre yeah man
you know we're gonna have to get our own
colored aisle to make these pink and
blue that is just unbelievable you know
what I'm gonna write a letter
I'm gonna write a strongly worded email
here we go
oh wow look at that it's AIT's basic too
it's worth all the time did the drink
was just white people wouldn't like
because this is weird to me yeah early
tastes like didn't finish making yeah
another just self I don't like it I
don't like it either
it just takes like a bunch of sugar yeah
and we're trying to be healthy I'm sorry
maybe it was $10 for a colorless unicorn
to they could've at least given us a
discount alright maybe that's why we
bought with dunkin donut you know about
riding my ass home
fuck so old fart poop looking at go play
golf that's fucked up my grandpa boys
gone hey suddenly man thing it's all
closed behind me alright guys so my here
Oh guys getting dark it's nice it's
perfect lighting look David is that
small giving you PTSD right now yeah
right where I happen if you put your ear
here you can hear it hear that anything
hear that
that's what you sound like more
importantly those a moment me and Josh
really first hung out you just go get a
ball we should play basketball game what
do I get if I make it they have to make
out see if you make it like a long time
this is my this is my video after
content let's go on Tong if you make it
from there I'm not gonna make it because
I suck how about this I have to shoot it
backwards one-handed if I make it you
reckon they got bow on top no Jesus oh
oh my god a lot of time come on music
deal I'll pop kids I'm not fucking going
table kids come on what are you seven
how about Redemption okay hey hey hey
Rob I don't give away my child y'all
take a blob kid I sucked at playing like
fucking knockout when I was a kid oh my
day yeah that's a deal hi let's do it
give me here is this is a hey come on
you're not nervous
I feel the deal dog no no we have to
choose each other oh yeah dad much sssso
he'd be proud of his time I always
thought like when I was younger like oh
my god it'll be actor what if I have to
kiss a dude like on camera for a movie
this is like a movie role you're gonna
miss a YouTube video this is a movie
have you seen my hundred video and I
would say like okay well he is making
honey I guess it is considered like a
high production but with ad rates right
now he's not making shit no is it really
worth it I mean that's why we have the
kids so I can put this as a thumbnail
get this over right here's a good deal
about this if you make out with Zayn
right now I'll let you make out with me
off-camera oh oh that was lame I thought
you guys are like make out I'm not
making out professor so long you're not
making out with he's great you guys
literally put no effort into that you
kissed me like I felt
do that chance you don't feel anything
saying I did it does have nice one I saw
no tongue is returning it to my vlog oh
okay let him hold the camera yeah we go
some TV Tyranitar you want to go get the
unicorn coffee yeah yeah and then we
should going to give me to the flow drop
no gonna joke for you come over you
don't even say hi you start filming you
came over here for content doesn't have
to be a mystical thing like me fucking
Cup say I said sorry ud6 been able to
get a bad you remember when the matcom
boys used to wear the bandanas like that
yeah David doesn't look good in them
though they do fucking pick on David day
well I almost fucking take it out look
how I look now like a fucking idiot you
look like a normal human being it's much
better Jesus alright guys thank you
today can be said a very important
message I don't want to
best friends and how do I'm very curious
to see what's going and how do you feel
about me having an important
announcement to make
how do i I don't know how to feel guys I
am coming out with words your life guys
I am working on something special but
it's not going to be you know basic
stuff like these guys emerge but someone
really cool original can finish our shit
now different stuff don't buy it
wait for my to come out Alan was in
Akamai yet but I'm working on it and I'm
going to be hyping it up in the next six
months because it's not going to get it
alright guys thanks for watching me show
like this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to my channel if you want to
see more stuff for me and all my friends
as we go to general thank you so much
for keeping up on all myself and
watching all my videos I really
appreciate it I'm in a laundry room
because I am back home right now with my
family and lights are all up like 9:30
10:00 at night have to keep it down even
when I was being really loud right now
sorry this is a boring outro but I'm
uploading right now and everyone
sleeping so I have nobody to make this
after any more entertaining but there is
going to be a special guest in next
video and you guys all have missed this
person and I can't wait for you to see
them again so be prepared for that and
yep I am going to slowly put music over
this because I can sing
no way it's not a kid missing there
means a kid got written up they're not
missing he never knows where he is
exactly dumbass I'm just standing here
awkwardly just everyone knows
