oh happy happy buggy growth we wish it
was uh prepare so we got money to pay
not to wake you up all the time now come
on baby boo hoo alright so if you guys
didn't see on snapchat we did have a
meter by our old house into your city
and it was so much fun so many of you
guys came out we bought 7d we bought 70
copies thinking it would be way too much
expecting 50 P over so over a thousand
degrees showed up quick Susan
unbelievable didn't even think that that
was even possible
typically leverageable would be at this
party had so much fun with you guys I
felt all of it I'm not going to post
until my hundredth video I wanted to
kind of be a part of that because I have
a bunch of social things happening in
that video that I kind of want to wait
first let's talk about how good job I
did get a job you did for what what did
you do today except for driver and truck
over over a park I organized the
location maybe you did not want another
location I realized location I was
doughnut toss her out her straw throw
what I was the doughnut tosser otter I
handed the copies to maybe wasting food
is Beca yeah we will
and I'm gonna cut out all the footage
that makes you look good heard me you're
gonna be saying chocolate eclairs yeah
but I was throwing the full boxes so
people can pick what they want instead
of you know having why you always had
that baby yet so this big coffee talk
party and then I do a good job and you
can't even give it up but no I'm very
proud of you on paper did you see the
way I was giving those coffees we were
heading in maldor ten hands they were
done walking dead do not want to make it
on the grub bragging or anything but it
was just we're just so happy that so
many of you came out saying yeah yeah
there was a lot of fun we feel like
you're watching us just doing our normal
kata talking it was just like in real
life
but it was really cool to see you guys
right there like watching drinking
coffees and drinking coffee and in zone
us and just you know being being look
coffee beans and this
the little cup how many people bought
cigarettes for you though oh my god I
probably got like I probably got like a
card I made out like a bandit yeah give
you guys a little teaser what's going to
be coming up with a hunter's vlog we've
all worked so hard and we can't wait to
show you guys it's good whatnot it's
gonna be so much fun
okay baby go back to sleep on this I
believe you look what are you looking at
he look like a pedophile I thought it
got what you turn into when you're drunk
I thought it was God hates me when he's
drunk you know people get drunk their
true self comes out I think that's what
happens with you being connected to
hurry sister you're not around
Jeezy ha the other night we were all out
just having a good time and you know
Todd's the sights of dreams Allah and
when he drinks a lot
you let me get very good with me for
some reason and he likes it strip
picking fights at me and you only pick
fights with people when when you don't
like them this is what happened to me no
it's funny is he's like fuck you fucking
the funny thing that you did could have
hurt somebody and that's why I was upset
fuck you once I it'll be the fucking
prick man he used my hand to perform
this stroke when Ivan never up with his
whore latest don't say he was a part of
it in the day what he did I was line
danger all I thought arguing like
spaghetti
no no he thought it was other person
we're fighting about something done and
I was in the middle of it and I was
holding my drink in my hand he grabs my
head and it takes a little thought
because he made it to your hand like he
didn't run into my head my Gran's
completely crusty like this I was like
this oh no I wish you could replay that
night I can't take you seriously as I
almost - I'm sorry
just go away from the story okay okay I
was aggressive aggressive drunk that's
not the only example of him being an
aggressive drunk threw a chair at our
door and threatened that your older
brothers for Mexico is going to break oh
yeah look like what the other time
putting up so angry with me it's always
hot something done I'm about a charter
piece is really funny okay Jenny and
then I first okay yeah this guy does
something cosmic okay hey do it this way
and we'll do a first option is doing it
and Todd immediately told us the food I
just expect them work like I think I
care I really care everyone was almost
I'm sorry I don't care anymore we all
saw the same things we got to deal with
we all fucking film the same things do
but it's a specific more I was just like
cause come on you got mad at that and
then Tom got madness you got mad a sense
like it was a fucking joke with yeah
that was like a sorry minute and my
phone dies before the concert even gone
so he already beat me right now his
doubts I wind up I never did know my
phone plugs I got my phone went into the
charger and it's like you know I'm
trying to get him back on Todd he just
comes right to my foot and I'm plug the
charger and he just keeps on doing it on
my plot stop and I put it back in later
he took it out again I don't know what
happened from there but I think I
blacked out you guys there is fucking
yellow days and I wouldn't even say it
but I heard story so many times after a
person I was so bad at the moment but
the next day all you thought it was
really funny because it was just like
Todd was like you're saying that you're
going to have your cousin's come after
me unless you took the sighs of course I
was like fuck boys fighting you took the
sideboard if you do that maybe I didn't
the landlord watches
okay so we're in a trouper fifteen
apposite join me pops over you talk
about that only when you give a lot of
local butcher in the uber and Hobbs I
paid is there any way window all the way
up it's cold they also in a row you put
the window olive oil and but for some
reason I think is when it may have been
broken with a load run about as hot as I
said Rob fuckin wit ha ha ha
we were just so - but as soon as that
car winner was always just like far all
right well now that we've talked about
the thing they should never do that
again because it makes me very silent
even when you attack me when your jobs
last my jokes and it was like what a
Pablo Escobar is like fuckin dealers Oh
baby you look like Rodrigo Estefan from
necklace yo soy Pablo Amelia Escobar's
guy easier so you tonight decided to
have a little copper talk needle and
somebody decided to crush it without
uninvited uninvited egos do house
whenever you please drop no hey I never
said I was nervous I get there and it's
on that it's a free-for-all hey wasn't a
man oh it was unorganized it was a right
bunch of kids on the street because I
had like second-degree murder or
something for someone I ran no heart no
because my little cottage needs will
never hurt anybody his woman came out of
the hospital like you can park in my
driveway he just saw that there are so
many people everywhere I'm just like you
can't park anywhere party except part
and then her neighbor comes over my car
and she's like what and I'm like oh
family it wasn't their yard though was a
girl
well everyone sits on everyone's yard
the neighbor of the girl that's letting
me partner accomplish that gets out of
here a fuss like wait what's going on
she's letting me let me park features
that you can't fucking park this is
private property
I'm like she's letting me park here this
your daughter and she's like no it's my
neighbor and I'm like okay she letting
me park here and she's like don't be a
fucking douche bag you gotta get the
fuck out of here oh my god that woman I
think child child comes and she's
probably already and she goes just
because your internet payment doesn't
mean you can get away with stupid shit
like this I know you are I was like okay
man I'm leaving and she said don't be
disrespectful I was literally I was
there kids around a Buddha and Isis I
can be on like okay man I'm leaving I'm
backing up my car she's like no you get
the fuck out of here right now in my
copy be where you get lost come did they
call the cops are handing out tickets
for everyone yeah we need me didn't take
it before I said I'm like Halle cheese
parking on a lot
that's insane parking on the grass I'm
talking someone's driveway that let me
maybe of all your coffee piece tickets
oh my god no that's not I we have a fun
story that's fine but it's like kind of
weird um I got rear-ended the other day
okay and I'm just sitting at a red light
and you probably deserved it and we pull
over and I'm like okay I'm probably
against a car accident sooner or later
so I want to be nice on a letter off the
hook you know good karma so I'm like
okay I'm gonna get your phone number and
your life in I'm gonna call you the next
day and we'll figure this out next day I
call her it doesn't pick up my texture
doesn't pick up text again doesn't pick
up a week Oh spot I'm driving to her
speed road private no are you kidding me
and again I choose like crazy or
hundreds or so there was this lady I had
recorded my mom seated with her on my
cam oh my god I'm like I gotta go by
when I caught up with her and I pulled
her over and I'm like listen you haven't
been returning my oh my god like you
haven't been returning my calls
and she's like what do you mean I never
hit you and I'm like you rear-ended me
on I live in Sunset and she's like no I
regarded someone in a target parking lot
I'm like ma'am I have your number I've
been calling you she's like you don't
have my number
take my phone and I call her and it
starts ringing she listens you oh all
righty thanks for watching make sure
liked this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to my channel you want to see
more stuff for me and all my friend
Charlie goes to francesco thank you so
much for TV open all myself and watching
all my videos I really appreciate it
anything else to add grandpa a video
said beautiful they don't sound like a
fucking female bodybuilder well these
are my collecting Social Security Jason
okay guys we'll see you next week with
videos of me
four days before this we were coming
back from like a bar or something and I
saw her car in a complete car wreck in
the middle of Sunset Boulevard and I
pulled my car over and I went over to
police officer and I'm like is this this
woman's car and he's like no and I'm
like oh the big muscle car was loud but
I'm yeah I'm punching at you smoking
she's not like this oh yeah out of her
mind you can't ow shit holon really yeah
do you ever number passengers Oh baby oh
ha ha
