yeah I for the past two days I was
working on the hodges video on a way to
Coachella we are just gonna wing it
we're engines let's go we have no clue
what we're gonna do so right now we're
on our way to Coachella on our way to
coach oh just so you guys know that's
where we're going Coachella got our
backpack we got our wristbands Oh wasn't
planning on having anything ridiculous
in this video and we're just boom I get
the blood okay maybe you're not going to
get it cuz out teeth so there has to be
a girl who is on her way to go tell with
her friends it is just like guys yeah
Michelle I forgot something what would
you forget Mercer enough hours over I
forgot the race claim it is yours I
forgot the whole dollar why it was
supposed to be in the box del what I
wanted to do a statue at all of them to
thousands of people I go one person
fucked everybody survived everybody and
that group is going to be able to do
sneeringly night like three miles per
hour but not only 3 miles per hour but
he swears on each leg it's all an
illusion the reason why I Drive like a
great husband epic rape of cars I saw
you drive the Jeep Wrangler so you're
like oh why you make it badass any move
I make I look like a fucking gram weight
I would make this kiss on my fucking
bitch I'd be hauling ass as I was there
you go put a little pedal to the metal
baby who are you most excited
until non-tech you know Steve not
performing the 84 what are you serious
you didn't know there no I had no idea
Beyonce locked out of Coachella like who
three months ago when she's pregnant
with twins you know think she's going to
be like eight months pregnant with twins
and performing at Coachella last year
with the car camping and it was wrong
you had some out so bad like I went over
there and I just like oh but I mean ugly
you guys camping my world up sick bus
for three days straight what he would
use knowledge that I would wake up in a
shot as Ted like at 6:30 in the morning
I'm there you have to get ready to go to
us I forgot that it's really a song but
we're like really cool long why did you
bring all long-sleeved stuff I don't
know I always like I like to invest
those it kind of chilly but then I
realize because oh yes iPhone it gets
chilly but it gets chilly for like 10
minutes
damn it and did not bring extra clothes
for you so
well looks like we're going to Kmart
imagine we left at the perfect time or
we love right in between people that
were kindly early to be there before the
time I leave later because we walk we
are leaving at a good time right now
mad I'm complaining I wanted complaining
you listen to me to hear what I said yes
I heard you loud and clear and you know
what I would say yeah as a joke I hope I
lose you in person I hope your phone
dies at the festival and you can't find
the Oscars on them folks I hope we lose
each other when you're unplugging Molly
I hope you lose your phone while you're
peaking on Molly and you cannot find us
okay hopefully for their preachers
overfish kelpy the tubers here you need
to finish that flash chatter I'm going
to slap that flower crown right off your
damn head we have to get to Brod since
we can't run free games it's going to be
so amazing like all the guys retire
there they're basically kind of do jello
shots of my bellybutton have you guys
use vsco yet for your filter Bronson
Bronson you take a photo Kelsey and I
just like from our back no Bronson show
the ferris wheel this is a magic Gabi of
going to Coachella but like none of us
know that she's there
well hey gotta be where you I I'm
backstage I'm actually going to be
performing with Lady gaga please I go to
little monsters I have a special guest
for you may I present to you Gabi sure
you don't it's a new day did you
right so we're at the commercial house
right now Oh where's gonna fix our Co
chill out man you have to getting oh my
god all right guys this is not good job
oh wait wait guys I can't believe I'm
saying celebrity Scotty tires house
right now with 100 megabyte data
transfer rate Wi-Fi which only cost $100
a night yeah exactly it's super cheap
you know what I don't think it's
actually that sick the moon has a brick
house yeah I kind of like this block all
right guys thanks for watching make sure
like this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to our channel or slipped me
on all my friends this is coach all
weekend and I just want to spend it with
my boy have a good time this has to be
cut short and I'm really sorry but guys
next video gonna be rockin it's gonna be
humping and jumping and puffing better
get ready cuz that shit is gonna be
stomping alright alright so how sorta 3
just under the way you and your use what
you like me I roll out my credit what's
wrong and foul Scott and to the right
I usually don't actually hit it I get
really close
