I feel like you've been gone for like
month and a half and gone a minute I'm
back dude where were you you're like
what I scream Greenland ice cream to
know I went to Iceland I saw all this
snow into Switzerland went to France and
went to Italy and one better ha jacuzzi
or well I'm just kind of a wanderlust
King now you know that'll all over just
stamps on my passport if you've gone
through some this is the place to go to
where you just forget about it yeah just
what happen heals you man that is the
one traveling is the one thing that
makes you richer I'm a new man that's
good how was it loved it I was with
incredible people like will Derbyshire
art and Rose Connor Franta had this
cabin out in France long haze beautiful
snowed we went sledding we went skiing
remember that one time we went skiing so
many friends huh yeah once you can
actually ski I'm like you might just
replace now by Orton rose and we'll
Derbyshire don't even have a passport
that's true how can I ever have hopes of
us going to Japan if you don't even have
a passport you need to get one right now
I'm taking you to the government office
don't they take like two three months to
even get to your dorm to you order yeah
but not unless you unless unless we know
some legal sources how no the only
source were associated with is illegal
and that's bathing able to get everybody
passports but except for himself you're
saying there's a lot of hockey beans out
and there's a bunch of you guys out
there I when I look at my statistics on
you - everybody's either in US or
Australia but nowhere in Europe I did
run into some Australians from Penn oh
my god huge fan of the vlog you guys got
to come on down the Gold Coast you sound
like a friend cartoon yeah
I don't cook you that's all exactly like
my mother when you thought her accent
wasn't some girls do that really just
having a girls night they go out to the
club and they decide to fake an axe I
can spot yeah I guess see where Matt was
coming from because like as I was
listening to her talk I've looked at
matter like I think you're right seems
almost forced me I was like wanting to
know like how these like bands and
France like watch the vlogs because it
seemed like they didn't even know
English that well so are they just
reading the subtitle most of my words of
my words are probably not even coming up
correctly on the screen I see how are
they even watching I think they just
like to see the yelling that's probably
why subtitles are correct with what I'm
talking we have to go back and like
change the translation imagine if it was
like audio dub though like they had like
oh my voice actors yeah all the
different countries to come there movies
like dubs over all the blogs like you're
from France you should dumb an entire
vlog in fringe I would love to watch the
yeah it's not quite a video to watch who
knows maybe if you expand your
international market you may actually
get nominated for a shorty award except
for me that's a Jason Scott and Todd
again again leaving me out when they
depend there's Vernon Hills now Shorty
Awards I think I think Shorty Awards
actually did this on purpose they saw
Fernandes they're like you know what
let's keep this joke going don't feel
that bad blah blah that nominate I know
that when I saw them like I'm surprised
to even use the term vlogs or nominated
up against team 10 now team senses even
exist anymore though does it I don't
know I feel like time changes every
money go through people look it's like
the real world more exciting we should
start eliminating you just like hands
out roses and just like we're cuttin
Jonah it's time for you get a belly bump
here so I'm like David those my thing is
like no no no but we're also doing
nipple piercing like okay Jonah you have
immunity
just like you immunity medallions just
hangin is the Shorty Awards isn't the
same weekend it's the same week as
Coachella which I'm surprised
didn't schedule that a little better
like come on the second weekend of
Coachella cuz ii mean could tell the
grasses in it's just a really funny how
they keep stagecoach for the third
weekend because the grass is literally
just brown by that time i bet though if
we do go to shorty awards and like the
homologs Godwin's
everyone be saying their thank-yous
right when you go they were just like if
you've ever seen mean an interview I was
on a red carpet with you back in the
body gauge and like this like person's
interviewing Zayn's like st. so where
can I find you on boxing goes um go to
the apps or iPhone and then go you've
got to go to search bar type in vine and
it's probably the first out and then
download and like my first interview it
was just like some HIPAA and we had to
do like a little red card before an
interview after you like gave that long
response she was like vines and and he
to make sure everybody check that I was
like cut okay next one please
I've had enough quit after that talk
about Chicago David decided to rent out
a huge room in the Godfrey hotel there's
like a private bar like tables that like
the entire rooms are throughout the
night different part tenders are taking
over everyone's really sweet like
everyone's really cool there's security
in front of the door everything was
really good and just the last bartender
I'd go to cause I thought you were gonna
get arrest no I go to close out she goes
last name I give her my last names you
know your cards not here man might my
card is definitely here I haven't closed
out yeah you guys took my card when you
ordered my first ring she goes well yeah
it's not here you may go so next person
takes their orders I was like oh hell
yeah Mike Mike are you obviously lost my
card I didn't forget I didn't I don't
have it on me it's on in my wallet and I
definitely ordered a drink with my car
I'm really sorry we have to find my card
I didn't I didn't lose it after looking
for it she's calling different people
giving me an attitude she finds it under
the bar back corners doesn't even
apologize she's just like yeah okay so
what'd you order tonight so I can close
you off
I don't know what I boarded tonight
we've all been ordering all night I
don't know exactly what I ordered she
goes how do you not remember what you
ordered all night
placing your job putting in every drink
order that's it's into the system so you
can close him out and she was drinking
on the job she was drinking on the job -
she was just liking orders and been like
finding your card she was like she goes
excuse me you're not getting your card
back house like man I need to get my
card on you to close me out I don't care
just give me my card back and close me
out and she goes you're not gonna get
your card and then he and her start
getting louder and louder with each
other but she was being holy
unnecessarily rude to me just like snaps
fingers and two huge bodyguards just
like she literally snapped her fingers
yeah it was like oh yeah two huge
security guards I think you just didn't
need to hop in and answer drag me away I
see her with my car dangling it like
this as I'm being dragged away she goes
you're not getting your car today you
stupid little bitch greeting in the New
Year and I see hey I swear there was
smoke coming out of your ears and nose
everything she was doing to me it was
something that somebody would make I
nobody believed me like security didn't
believe me like it was like a cartoon it
was like a movie how she was doing it
I'm thinking to myself as I'm screaming
I'm like there's no way
don't wasn't no one's gonna believe me
and nobody saw this either so many
people in this room and nobody saw his
interaction between me and his bartender
I was just losing and I couldn't I
couldn't get out of it and I was just
being dragged out of there it started
into a brawl it was like a whole ride ah
see I told Todd what happy I'm not gonna
lie about something stupid like that I'm
not psychic
Todd believed he liked the security
started grabbing him because he was
trying to do a situation God took over
is really bad I went back to my room and
I just went to see if I was like this is
ridiculous what awful and to New Year's
Eve you were at like your peak though
with the whole thing I was like I'm
going to bed and then when I woke up I
was like Zayn's in jail he is in jail I
have this feeling that takes a lot to
get me angry I'm normally a happy person
this specific girl got to me she was
able to dig her soul I don't remember it
starts with a ki ladies collar the K was
working on New Year's yeah we need to
talk to you speakerphone
what happened the next morning everybody
was in the elevator he's - security
guards were in the elevator they were
talking about what's going on last night
and he was like Oh Judy I was there like
what happened the security guards go oh
yeah the girl the the bartender she's
getting fired today
so she go then I call to make sure and
she got fired so we go on like
Craigslist like classifieds like hey
guys bartender looking for a new job
starting off the new year just like
heyou year new me just got this job at
the God for feeling good positive vibes
oh my they go yeah we're gonna let you
let's knock this girl desserts
everything else coming for as she was
being such oh my choosing such oh my god
I just wanna find her I want to find her
on Facebook and I just want to talk to
her why were you acting like this with
me like I didn't do anything wrong to
you he asked me how do I not remember I
drink orders all night in a very rude
way so I just gave it back to you but
like I was right and you were wrong the
customer's always right
you know we're always right Oh Ashley
the bartender's been drinking on the job
just took a lot out of me all right guys
thanks for watching make sure to LIKE
this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to our Channel wanna see more
stuff for me and all my friends Java
gets the Meg thank you so much you keep
me with all my self watching all my
videos I really appreciate it is there
anything else you'd like to add
definitely Instagram so I don't care
about YouTube just that's great
yeah people call it like the one-take
wonders we're so fight time do you know
when the camera turns on usually say the
funniest thing when the camera turns on
we're a hilarious
