you're probably minute doodles insane I
can't believe about him oh my god I
can't believe passed me - you think I
just when I started I just like I did
not think I would ever ever reach a
number like you here and here it is
their blood cell phone one thing
subscribers - embarrassing oh my gosh
I'm so proud of you who Dixon hey guys
I'm 3.3 million sup my boy what are you
you are my boy oh haha a million
subscribing for you Oh
hey listen you know you know I had a
million right David hit three point
three okay what I wanted you hit a
million right golden is right here oh
the let's see I hit eight point three
units here is my soldier over here I
think I think that's about a million
right there for you congrat thank you
hey sweet tastes like success alright so
today is it very special day we like an
angel it's hot as fucking you all buy it
so today is not a little baby birthday
my local coffee partner my little coffee
bean buzz of the think it's something to
get him that's like you know it kind of
it kind of means something you know
something really special got like a
fishing rod or yeah or you know he likes
to cook so maybe like some pods are like
spatula yeah yeah that's good too all
that it's a little totally shading on I
know we want it to be need to be
something that he's going to use like
every day exactly something that would
benefit him yeah like really kind of
like change up his lifestyle for the
better oh yeah reading and like a set of
hospital you may not use that yeah
they're like we could get it like a
hunting bow and he's only going to go
hunting like what like a few times yeah
like one
no actually there's a place right up
here has his name written all yeah fuck
yeah father of God thing look at this
you just big just spent half a thousand
dollars on cigarettes I got a tree my
baby and he likes the gross im a gaymer
group that's a good point like I think
she's illegal we're gonna get arrested
for having this many cigarettes
we just saw miss Lisa good hey kids
free cigarette like the new ice cream
man when I get a popsicle no we got
cigarettes and hope you want a nicotine
pop can't believe it was going to be
that much money some cigarettes have
gone up in taxes no I actually did not
think of he died expensive either I
thought was in I was gonna be paying you
know a couple hundred bucks for that
means there's been no that and that poor
guy was like telling you like you had to
be stopped he wouldn't let me buy
anymore signals because like yet other
people that like go in there every day
device commuting and I'm like but but
I'm buying out my very Hickerson so just
so I am Lord no lots also we've lived
and he's charging us like a ridiculous
amount of money to like big shit that we
never bro the insult force in our house
and they were insult very poorly and
he's making us pay for that he's trying
to put all this shit on us and making us
pay like thousands of dollars when we
should not be paying for any of that
because we never did it taking the court
exam in court cool not in court room 502
not today and not who the school taking
cigarette what do you do why are you
turning left I'm not hard unless I try
to walk no you weren't there was a sign
it said the best Thai food in the world
and I wanted to see what it looks like
we're gonna bail I love this bookstore
no we're not going on with stories Oh
hopefully that's a great book story Oh
Matt where you going you have a green
light you're stopping them on the road
Matt I'm going to be general the road
because I feel like we're going to get
our car guys ever going to meet this for
proof that wasn't our fault
anything over prove that it was our
follow my god oh god get out of here we
are in on that neighborhood we are in a
dicey neighbor
I see what Dyson has it's pockets uh
Liza who shopping with Matt is like
shopping with a grandpa you know I want
to find I want to find hit the birthday
card again I think that's cute just let
these cars they use our list will be
postmarked super cool super kids fast
you happy this person is it your
birthday in test bb-8 to make them roll
and you're one of the coolest kids ever
wow you must be on a roll boom unplug
hello yup I got you a big cupcake it's
time to sing it's time to shout it's
time to blow your candles it's burning
embers stop your son got your little
birthday card again birthday greens from
the BB race Oh Carl
Oh Uncle Carl you didn't need to do that
hold on you're like boyfriend over there
good like dear
oh my mom my mom did through those doors
ok I did not ask for a novel did I make
you feel important simply find enough
time for the little things like laughter
and done there's no like for him
birthday Raber best Fred and card no I
don't want best friend one that's
basically slug I want someone that says
my boo boo thing happy birthday baby and
in case you were wondering I noticed how
incredible you are at being a husband
I'd be a house she found out he cheated
I want a divorce innocence positive
thank I decided to get he this one we've
been through a lot together haven't we
you know what though I think we're a
better couple because we're not only
stronger we're closer and we've already
learned we have what it takes to handle
whatever surprises life sends our way we
have each other and that's all we'll
ever need he's gonna cry I'm already
grown no he just totally gets here but
when I get most all yeah Matt's been on
this workout grindin all he cares about
is fucking like workout shit hey get in
shape
baby I don't need to be in shape for
people love not just need two
personalities keep telling yourself that
all right so we got to do shit that lies
it goes in here it's children here and
here's a first time monkey here knees
Emma bitch nope hey Zane watch your
mouth oh my god damnit different colors
guys we found a whole stash of Henry
glasses got to get one for the whole
family huh that guy's been trying to
tell you
cars although like hey it's a Jetta haha
let me tell you Belle is a good car
transmissions a little wonky but uh you
like to trust me when I tell you you're
going to want the Jetta that's not this
is the third place ever going to just
get fucking wrapping paper yes better
have wrapping paper or we are going to
protest
that's right Sammy I'm going to get a
Pepsi and I'm gonna go right up there to
the manager okay like listen sir
we need to have a conversation ma'am
do not take my spot damn she's yelling
at me
oh I know I'm already getting Dell these
owls are so short and I know Robin paper
is like it's all over good we're gonna
get something cutie we just put this on
each singer maybe get awakened I got you
a gift for your birthday and got me a
present I got to your presence is a card
mm-hmm
not what coffee gravy like so true to me
she's been through a lot together
haven't we you know what though I think
there are you gong to not only stronger
we're closer we've already learned what
it takes to him or whatever surprises
Lysander we have each other
and that's all we ever need come on a
crime cookie baby I read it before I
bought it I had nature so it was a
perfect day with the perfect letter did
you look through a lot I looked through
the boyfriend-girlfriend birthday
section I'm gonna bring your first
present got me present yeah can I see it
nah give me Christmas first present
there's a lot yeah yeah bring it okay
well use this quietly in this one what
is it why are you guys being weird
because I'm a weird person are you ready
for your second present yeah okay I'm
not bringing her come on here we are
you cry making me cry Sammy if anyone's
gonna make you talk quicker it's me baby
I got you I got you
no okay now bring us our president you
should ruin it are you walking in like
that okay open it another cigarette bad
exactly so how do I know they just went
up two dollars a pack ha ha ha I was
fucking sweating it the other day I was
like Jesus Christ good an hour outside I
saw you smoking we didn't know if we
should get to my ro throw and I'm
sitting there and seeing that Walter I'm
like hmm did you just start Alice mocha
a holter like like yeah yeah the lights
don't are they they're kind of making me
feel weird nice good went to Ultra I
looked around like oh my soul nut should
I get older like that does it too light
they were like mom cigarette mom
cigarettes well that you are dad beard I
got marble sponsor you how do you
birthday well you know they're empty do
not just boxes that you lose all right
guys we have a little announcement to
make
it's pretty big news if I were talking
and we're like huh no we don't mean a
coffee talking with next one how can we
incorporate everybody else that loves
coffee time into our little segment and
I thought why not why not do it for the
hundreds of law so we're thinking that
we are going to have a giant as
this Saturday I'm going to get too much
detail yet cause I'm not sure exactly
yet when I do find out I'm going to stay
on my snapchat so make sure to add me on
snapchat and a locality of time where
we're going to do it and everything's
exciting this is going to I really
nervous again this is going to be for my
hunters vlog so if you guys want to be a
part of it and go meet us so we'd love
to meet you guys it's going to be this
coffee talk in real life that you guys
are good yeah I'm gonna turn my words to
get you guys all coffees and Donuts but
and that's maybe don't don't hold the
holy I guess if you don't see any kind
of opponent if you pretty bad if there's
no coffee there be why I don't realize
what I'm gonna come with like those
picket signs the good coffee table it's
fuckin I bet say we're gonna do a budget
I'm shaking ramekin so nervous but we're
going first yeah we're gonna have a lot
of fun just we're gonna we're planning
on filming a lot there so just yeah come
on every cop come on drink coffee be my
guy thanks for watching make sure to
LIKE this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to my channel and see more
stuff for me and all my friend copied be
another week goes really up thank you so
much keep you old always self in
watching all my videos I really
appreciate guys again thank you so much
for letting subscribers I cannot believe
that I'm up there maybe we all did it we
did it baby we should have like a little
toes let me share this you know I
business on a poke at oak wood okay okay
in
oh my fucking god my baby
Oh baby I love you so much - goodbye
soon I come back so for you baby I just
will you baby okay you see people
kicking you
you took me and Isaac about baby yes you
can't do that for you
