how bad I wasn't before tonight the
girls hangouts roads look like okay here
you go say love and say hello my name is
Maddy Mac when I hang out say now is not
the time man what's going on - I'm
filming an audition tape for the Netflix
Andy Wexler contest miss sandy Wexler
contest yeah dude like Adam Sandler's
new movie the one based on like his
real-life talent manager and Jennifer
husbands in essence the star-crossed
love story all I want to see it Oh funny
cuz I'm actually uh partnering with
Netflix on this whole what do you mean
by that
and I'm actually helping judge the
submission area down to the top 20
people to be in out of Stan Lee's next
feature film see ya oh my gosh can you
pick me please okay bet you're not
because a conflict of interest oh well
you know how again I'm working out but
like the three runner-ups can still win
like annual Netflix subscriptions no can
do buddy I'm sorry oh come on
Dane this was my big break you know how
much I love Adam Sandler's what you're
gonna see my name is lights one day okay
hey maybe my face on a billboard or
something huh okay oh my god Matt look
look look with every great Hollywood
story comes a rock last am i right yeah
I guess how about we take a trip down
memory lane
what do you mean but I'm talking middle
school pictures oh no like all the ones
from myspace remember how we used to
save our pictures on like certain sites
colleges and keep them private for
everyone still think I have some on my
computer yeah it's like every before we
start just guys make sure to post your
auditions to either Instagram or Twitter
and you have to use a hashtag sandy
Wexler contest
oh yeah Brett oh no it's just what's
said to say hi guys I'm really start to
see all your auditions I can is my first
time judging anything so I'm really
excited but yeah let's get to there was
different sites where you could put your
pictures on really popular was
photobucket really really old site where
people use put there we came across both
of our old accounts it is basically the
gold mines of cringe you just wasn't
cringy at the time yes because you know
we
was pretty selfie area like oh I'm
looking at these pictures but other
people look at those pictures the same
way I think it took so much effort just
to get your photo on your myspace that
it was like but anything went oh this
one's good oh no I don't know what I was
going out I wasn't like the total emo
kid I was like a preppy scene kid
although which one do I start she got
the fight kid I don't it wasn't even my
sidekick it was like friend sidekick and
I was like dude I have to get a mirror
pic but you're also 22 that's it exactly
though my mom only literally shot from
Hollister and she wouldn't let me go
into like zoom ease I used to have like
backgrounds for my my C's major this is
what I don't think I understand my boy
i'm giad i think were you dropping acid
instead of grade like what kind of like
visuals is everyone I just had so many
pictures of my friend Ella to because
like we hung all uh there was always an
Ella she like I wrote my name on her oh
god I hate the names or the hand there
is a hole where people like wrote just
wrote each other's names on their body
and we're on their hand or the biggest
honor it was the best like flirting move
exactly I would have a page where look I
already have one that's so bad like I
don't even know where sweet yours looks
like it was really quick like he wrote
it and then boom sorta picked her done
we spent time on ours we set it up timer
it just like you had that be cut look at
the bees were a big thing
oh my god the lower the better yeah we
want like I wanted to be seen so bad
don't even it like a lot of you probably
don't know what scene is it's like a mix
between emo and it was the life side of
the emo there's like bit dark wood like
in terms of like music and boxer hipster
yeah yeah like on my there's hot where
people there was like oh my god it's
this from my foot it's this girl from my
city were you by doing famous I wasn't
might say famous but I wanted almost I
wanted to be so bad everyone better roll
at my high school it was that I was just
like well how did she do it how did she
become friends with everybody like we'd
all meet up at the mall like Friday
night Friday night she's like the scene
knife remember to come to the mall and
everybody
gather around as like a front of the
hall every digit like smoking cigarettes
if sometimes like if you didn't like
right the girl's name on your hand
because you had like dinner and you
didn't want to go to dinner with like a
girl Damon hand it would make a sign no
you would make a sign celebrating the
most insignificant things that would
happen on your MySpace page and for this
one baby is my 600 comment big deal
Katie because it's mark like all I
wanted was to like kiss a girl at this
point of my life this is what I thought
was going to be the best news for you
the boy in school that lot of girls just
had a crush on or you're just friends
with a girl I would just write ins with
the girls I wasn't saying a shot at him
not only guys want to be friends in the
hood like it but we had killer myspace
there there's okay look it up tomorrow
who is the laughing now who Bobby now
we're sitting by herself in our bedroom
we're the ones who are laughing now oh
my god yeah yeah well I even wrote her
name see that boom Heather not that I
took it on my Nokia phone you know there
is a good selfie vote on there yeah I
wanted to be this longer look at this
one I didn't even have a lip ring not a
money oh yeah that's fake that's I think
I took one of my mom's earrings and then
I put it on my lip and I just wanted to
like I just wanted to impress like girls
from like it was just funny that you
wore like lot of Hollister you're
wearing very preppy clothes I was like a
prep in school but then like online I
was like a scene kid I'd like this
alternate identity did you like a
myspace name um no just Dane age mine
was Matt at the disco one of it was like
Matt excavation voice oh my god no there
was people that did that her name in the
at the disco after I was like as I kept
saying so original there's like things
that I'm like trying to remember right
now they drop dead j2c key cannibal we
cantle dolls in one of the moto rows
yeah they're like top top top famous
people on us and it was one of them
kinky cables like the main while I did
crush you would be she was no for being
big on my she has those like raccoon
tail like extension shouldn't bite Kiki
cannibal over then they go look at that
yeah guess Sesame Street character I had
the biggest crush on her do you remember
all Hillary uh
um oh it started with her name start of
the age she was like Hillary
sorry so amazing Rory Hillary Hillary
Hillary
I had like all the drawers out of our
pears erat drop dead clothing and you
didn't even own a shirt like you know
how much stuff I stole from the Google
pages I will see something I really like
and I would drag that right as hell door
you and I stout other seeing kids from
different video it's just jack they're
like lay out the jackal there ever did
like then that wasn't a thing like oh so
my life there is no such thing as
stealing other people yeah there was a
really taco salad Oh baby cake baby
cakes t-shirt oh my god we're in London
oh they were your club kid the baby
cakes had this like online club called
like I'm a club kid oh if you joined you
got to like change your profile to like
oh my god we are the club kids that was
one of the pictures I put in my general
section yeah but and you you have to
keep it sideways yes it was all about
the girls are they the extended yeah
it was all about that looks like you
have a football helmet on just just
being seen you know just being emo so
Debbie air and no one's know that's like
FAQ that was Venus you get some target I
wasn't ready yeah you have to like I
those bees all adjusting the hair just
like I had a lot of side pictures I
wanted to be like in hello goodbye you
know that's you right now actually
that's my do the Webster and I go to emo
night that's how I try to do it go back
oh my god don't do is only LG n V 2 we
are in Hollister shirt I did an empty
side like I gonna make it's not I think
I've posted a bullet in one time that
was like what's the sign that's how bad
I want the sign the girls hang asteroids
but like okay here you go say love and
Tay I know it says a lot though like how
we turned out is we once were but you're
already very like internet savvy so
general personal mark oh and you're like
I don't like it was before starter pack
for ironic you would make like a little
like montage all your like stuff I even
think I used my dad scanner to like scan
all I'm gelatin how you got your hair
like that man mine
like I straighten my hair every day
before school my mama did get me like
one of those like tiny straightening
irons and I would like try to my
friend's dad pick me up from my house to
go to school every morning busy vision
cause he wasn't me trying to save my
hair quick I thought this was like the
coolest victory it is exactly you're all
face away like you can't even like you
make Slenderman if Voldemort out of my
space subside with you guys through your
Victor's sideways all the whole style of
being seen I'm sweating right now
because this is embarrassing
Oh Savannah Savannah just write that
like I'm like look I had my own clothing
line called King royal load all right
guys thanks for watching make sure like
if you enjoyed it and subscribe if you
want see more stuff for me and all my
friends we just slide it in New York or
flight got delayed like by 5 hours we
ran to the nearest McDonald's at this
video of using very mediocre Wi-Fi so
baby
Wow
oh yeah
Oh
all the editors room like your gym
