Hey put your feet down except somebody
like comes up you like oh my god Dean
were you like you think they like you
all about your nails being painting just
play it I'll be like oh my god is right
it's not a chimp I want to do a nice
little intro to car because it is the
most important thing in my vlog it's our
time nothing else matters this is me and
you joined a cup of joe it's our buddy
Brendon McNerney he like made a vine
grows about her reason what was it do my
god man vine it was so good like doesn't
like oh no something the barista where
were you I was talking to the barista
she's like so you never fucking email
others like viral videos if something
crazy happens where you know something
like a car drives through a store or
something insane happen as a vlog I wish
that we were able to believe there's a
video of this lady that I Drive through
a store and she gets out and people
recording and she gets out and just
yells at everybody cuz she's so
embarrassed hold up right now I'm
watching know what I'll do I'll Drive
forgot what my last night was open wine
I look it up it was keep seeing my kids
they only was exclusive lady that was
big interview like a robbery habit or
something and she was talking about some
vacuum cleaner guy she's like yeah I
know the vacuum cleaner guy he's seen my
tits
um it was so weird our knowledge of the
faceless of the camera guys who just
think they're just they know I I can't
get out baby
how am I supposed to get out to get some
cake you guys you can get out I'm trying
to get you coffee through what do you
want me to do I can't get out ramble
backup the backup are we talking about
like this lady getting like an accident
like crashing through something and I
come into like parking sizes like this
whole car you know I was really messed
up before I started recording I might be
really funny if we gone to like a minor
minor little accident while we're doing
all we dogs just like you just like a
little bump like nothing bad we had to
pull a little bit y'all better your head
up all I'm like so weird
get out all right I'm sorry video
everything could fall now has it you're
rattling right now y'all keep it I baby
we gonna try to get this side back home
I got sideways this is a very important
day for us because this is our like 35th
cause I've got to be a monumental ticket
for the pride buzz
I'll make extra special okay that's way
better than human setup that we have
like that
we just got yelled at I need to keep it
down
I need to keep that attitude oh I hope
their friends watching it oh my god I
know how all this Bridget could you
imagine if we just had that giant coffee
maker that II feel like our vibe is
completely gone it just ruined a lot of
sides go for a walk
April hey you stay home yeah me
underneath you don't wanna be around
people saying that at first instead it
was somebody that knew us it's like oh
my god are you serious you're here right
now oh my god are you period converts
hig goes out everybody knows I'm excuse
me sir huh this is copy copy say my baby
back in our happy place that was a lot
of negative vibes going on there oh the
girls behind us if you're watching this
every incident very Road we came up with
a new thing guys know how supposed to be
like we hit the King watches
hey that's up one side I'm evil
watch that video yesterday and I was
like imagine if Heath and I were there
at the moment was our camera we would
have taken advantage of the whole
situation we would have been back and
forth with this lady everybody else it
would record it and just that's it
someone that vlog some of the highways I
get more and they would get more into it
and make it a whole thing to take one
for the team
you know I should take one for the team
it's just head up home yeah oh yeah
we're driving down like a really tight
stream you're just like hit it oh I'm
like pinballing
at all Thomasson poses just like if we
do do it the insurance claim wouldn't go
through these we're and we were gonna
cover your accident when we saw the
video but you were like watch this watch
this
hey put your feet down except somebody
like comes up you like oh my god Jane
were you like you think you're like try
out your nails being hated just play it
off you're like oh my god is right is
that a chimp how did you get fucked up I
don't having it painted is no big deal
like oh my god you're like I know I
didn't want to do fuchsia I was thinking
like a light lavender whatever
oh no they're painting why should come
with such mom jokes and like I feel like
we're the only ones up by my body that's
how we wonder you're wrong go green like
you're in love all right so I was
singing he's 200 videos coming up okay
obviously we won't have a coffee talk
segment cuz it's ha saying baby and we
can't leave that go
we don't say coffee talk to the extreme
oh yeah I was thinking about getting a
look at like a web camera a camera to
set up on the dashboard and we just do
we do a full
we'll talk about things that like we
never talk about other stars we're
giving away so long I know I know I just
wanna I just wanna give a little peace
forgetting my phone by the way
that's a con develop it you want it you
want to get the gate closing this time
looks like the ending I feel about it
below my camera and we forgot we talk la
Blanca I don't realize I'm recording
everything that can be very happy
no no no get it to the back window close
oh my god little birdie told me that
it's someone you're right so what are we
doing for the special is birthday oh
we're going boating baby both sounds
baby both selves we're finally doing
something for your birthday like I feel
like we just never do anything for your
birthday
honestly the last time someone did
something for my birthday was my 16th
birthday my parents threw a party for if
you want to hear a funny story I was on
the wrestling team session boys know
everyone some up yeah okay not at all
I'm surprised but I mean hey hey look
everybody sometimes just likes to touch
boy bitch okay it's okay look baby it's
okay yeah I do it sometimes it's not
that I do it too I'd like that
I was liking you know that sometimes you
like to go a little too far and that's
okay it's okay okay okay okay I don't
care if it was on the wrestling team I'm
just getting to the point that okay a
lot of people see then the outside
perspective
Oh is he gay because he touches guys no
it was cool sport but my parents is a
joke on my 16th birthday party I was
like we'll get like a jumper who have a
party really are my parents like no what
no problems your 16th birthday will do
it for you they got me a hank Barbie
doll jump house and then they set it up
before anybody like showed up yeah it
was not set up before they showed up and
I'm like I thought I was like oh this is
funny all my friends will think this is
funny yeah and then they had like Barbie
dolls lines the house ha ha as like
goodie bags to us like just Barbie dolls
and all my friends showed up and they're
like oh what the fuck dude and the
perixx showed up hello so that's crazy
so none of them found it funny no no the
found it funny all of this joke like
that though the older guys on the team
they didn't see it as like a joke they
came in there like the foot this kid
knows like a pink jump house but all my
close friends were like oh this is funny
like his parents got him like early way
downsides of joke yes because we're all
just like Buster on had a good time
afterwards my mom got some calls from
the parents I go like you know like just
random merits that word like just
curious like oh it's not like a joke we
just didn't understand it yeah Joe and
we're like oh it's EGA like we didn't
know that he was gay come on the
wrestling team you know it's just it's
just weird like some people just don't
understand it does the humor and like
our YouTube says to get really ugly but
I feel like you had that sense of humor
before you even started posting video
it's weird because I went back home I
remember I got my belly button ring for
David's for David's video I went back
home and I decided to hey let me just
keep it on and kind of just show my
family and just as a joke and capture
the reaction and all of my family
members like they all thought it was
hilarious like some of the friends I had
back home when I would just show it to
them at the joke I wasn't filming this
so hey bro you like my belly button ring
and they'll look at it and you know you
would think that they would find it
funny or not find it funny but they
would understand why yeah just do it as
a joke exactly there was a couple guys
that I'm not gonna measure their name he
was just like he really got offended
when he saw the belly button really like
he looked at me like dude are you
fucking serious
are you fucking gay like bro that's
that's fucked up what the fuck are you
doing I didn't even want to like tell
because this kid was so in his own world
that he just didn't understand that yeah
so weird like like oh what if you are
getting we're in here 2017 there's a lot
of people that are days that's like such
a backwards thing to say what the fuck
are you gay is nothing wrong with being
gay in the first place example you've
got a belly button piercing but whether
you're gay or not you don't talk to
someone like that no it's a boy and I
would lie below saying I'm like dude I
mean whether whether I'm gay or not
that's fucked up you should not be
talking to anybody like Diane I have a
belly one person because it was a joke
so it was just a joke this was just
laugh it got a yes it but he like went
into this whole thing where I was like
it was fucked up that I was turning gay
yeah and I was I just I was like hey yo
he's like looks like this kid has no
idea what world is living in right now
even on buying my comments do
like oh these guys are gay or whatever
like and it's just it's people are not
like comfortable and you just have to
assume that they're really they're still
really young because I feel like they
just don't understand that there's
people that are comfortable their own
sexuality where they'll just do whatever
they want without ever being carried
about being judged is where there's also
like people won't like their family
situations like some some people's
parents are like totally against it so
then they're bred to be against it as
well and it should be that's uh sort of
like a lot of people that are afraid to
come out because of like you did their
payoff you're like comments then like in
real light like that guy yeah imagine if
you work it yeah that too you feel like
shit I got really more like making a
joke and like laughing is too like yeah
yeah but I was literally going to end it
on film glad you had a birthday because
I really didn't have any birthdays
because I nobody ever showed up but it's
announced just got really emotional so
that's gonna sound really emotional too
so let's just end if they forget it
ended a we have to end it with a PSA to
be gay alrighty guys thanks for watching
make sure to LIKE this video if you
enjoyed it and subscribe to my channel
if you wanna see more stuff for me and
all my friends like Skyy Tigers by the
way um I don't have you guys know this
or not but Scottie came out with a
really dope fucking song like a month
ago some of you may not know that the
song is out but you guys should
definitely go check it out it's going to
be dynamite description below purchase
it listen to it embrace it love it
anything else a lot actually yeah you
know what there's something truly
magnificent about being sad Zayn some
people can be sad sometimes some people
have said all the time this is just a
song about being bad let's get do it
I've got a problem I'm always so sad the
littlest thing give me peace upper back
my life pretty good no I don't have it
bad so it's hard to explain all these
feelings I had
so baby eidetic claimed that I burned up
my toes kept those and that I painted I
play a song I get to run around with my
baby and I get free coffee
Oh
