just coffee dogs
Jason prime example of being an older
man on social media I was trying to stay
older it just goes to shit deadliness
lbcc i want to say if I didn't want to
be to me but he says that then I'll just
say to you'll beat the shit I'm watching
him on his phone just like doing normal
things that you would do on a phone and
he's just going a mile per hour
no no he's trying to tie my name and
it's just II just you know how hard it
is to be living right now and be by age
how old are you I'm 43 inches during our
39 we don't have any glasses and today
you come in wearing glasses are mine
God what are you let him talk to you
like that after what he said to you
about your hair that was not I don't
remember that I my part was here says
David when you took his side not a good
sign Scylla fund we fund entire time and
by the way canal so today was extremely
fucked up shoveling Lee I was
I gotta sit on the other side he's Jason
we're just kidding yo are you gonna
pokey I'm good oh my god now I'm better
okay so listen um I know you know we
really weren't looking to include more I
know going on I might have found a
pledge please all my Oh like I know we
were trying to like add one to the group
but like I was thinking like me and him
got along really well and like I was
thinking like you would get along with
him really well and I was just wondering
like maybe if we could just please bring
in one more person in the group like
you're gonna love them oh my god
I thought it was gonna just be zane and
heath but you know you can't ruin
somebody else i mean there's always room
but like you're still gonna be my son
and i got how about we try them out you
know we can we can hey to him do
whatever you want like it'll be fun like
I just think like having a pleasure on
the apartment would be good like door
dishes and like your laundry and like oh
my god it's a fucking pledge they do
whatever the fuck you want
introducing Cameron imagine Cameron
Tommy oh my god do you love them or what
I hate them all right everybody bring
the beers up and this is aggressive baby
it's our Brandon okay
he's went all the way to Florida for him
and I don't know what they're thinking
they decided to drive from Florida all
the way to Hollywood on point but an
experience right man oh it was an
experience so if you run into any
problems and because I know if I was
driving I'm like super manly and shit
you know so like if anything goes wrong
with a car you know who to call that boy
yeah I'm saying I always got their
number on speed dial
all right but did something go wrong
okay I win oh okay no it's good though
I'm to be including fingers talk about
what talk about Vegas oh so y'all want
y'all want to Vegas without me we
remember seeing a P and invite we just
go through it no we went to Vegas but we
wouldn't stop writing we just we just
knowing point right come on
oh yeah right into Vegas didn't stop we
stop for food and we got upgrade on the
hotel the hotel we were gonna book but
we did it and you stopped for the flood
didn't you
you sure do you maybe you know I love
those floods baby I know whenever
there's what's around you want to be
there and shit like I like to pull out
my mommy first slide does it get when
big money don't maybe a flip-flop we
played we played with the slot slot
machines up Jesus might not keep getting
dark wow we have to play we're good that
we can talk all night maybe we lived in
lying
alright so barely he's up a CPT so
easily cook in this home why did that
maybe so long to fucking sell that oh my
god do you know whose brain cells on the
road trip well how to do it you have no
idea he's got me they could got you
what do you mean Vegas Koch's with my
money who slept obviously with me I
didn't think you guys were doing
anything bigger things just happen oh
baby we didn't we just drove on oh you
drove on my fucking ass there's one
thing that you crazy I'm a cop dog but
we wanted to introduce our buddy - yeah
that's already now can we call ourselves
the three amigos um now he's trying to
name our group huh oh the audacity
yeah my room needs to be vacuumed and
I'm hungry
corporal for stink all right so last
video David and I were making fun of
Scott and new haircut I personally
without Scott Nolan I actually really
liked a haircut what do you mean I were
just messing with Scott whoo it might
have really might have gotten to Scott
in the last video I think we should
really distract it you be nice to Scott
because he doesn't survive in down isn't
down for sure any kind of lots of the
roads like you guys hate me
we don't need to go at least seriously
yeah I never do that I didn't like
together doing that so that's what we do
in the blogs you just you know were mean
to each other around the camera
each other and never everything you guys
be nice to each other when the cameras
are up I think it'd be a great idea if
we just drop Scott out here let's talk
to him let's just so everything that we
like to iron more than one thing or come
up with something one thing you didn't
say don't take mine because I was going
to say I can't say that like he has a
good sense of like sound clothes unison
all right well you know what something a
minute hey Scott come here
no come on I'm sorry not to bring David
into this conversation but I Jason yeah
Justin I feel like people here are very
mean to you in the house on purpose and
we don't mean it you know we feel like
it might be kind of funny to the viewers
but then I'm kind of saying that it may
actually not be funny it's actually
remain College bullying you know so
Jason and I decided we're going to come
up with a few a few things of what we
really like about you yeah compliment
exactly we'll hop Jason sort me yes do
you want me to go first at that heart
drum oh no no we just know can't think
one one good thing about me I'm saying I
could start I just started you ah this
doesn't make me feel better at work
we're not even going to play right now
we're just we really we want okay I like
your sense of style and the clothes that
you were looking like clothes this Todd
shirt though I don't know if a really
complementing initial Malik we go stop I
love the way we breathe like most most
human beings that's great very efficient
see you around the house and I actually
had anxiety issues and so I've learned
that the way I breathe helps to get
oxygen to my brain
well then there you go and that is doing
that okay there's times where you will
buy me food when I never asked and I
appreciate that and that's what I like
about you the divide thing I know
another way to be generous be generous
with people's time when I go in and then
see Scott soon
the time I'm caught by surprise yeah
crackers I would have gone the other way
exactly but when I do running this guy
in the kitchen he has great he's nothing
say just it's like hello I was gonna go
hiking but I said it might rain and I go
cool
hello and then I'm on and I have all my
time in the world whole day okay it
shows that you have a good sense of like
what's going on - just by the what Jason
was saying that you know when people
don't want to talk to me you know
honestly I'm kind of getting the vibe
right now we're sitting down here you
guys talking to me but I can tell it's
big inning you're shaky you look like
you don't really want to be okay I'm not
shaking door ever shake I often look at
it look at it so you can feel better I
feel like a project I keep rather be
sitting you're talking to each other
having a good time but it's then you're
being plagued by my presence we're just
trying to fix you yeah all right guys
thanks for watching make sure liked this
video if you enjoyed it and subscribe to
my channel or see more stuff for me and
all my friends shall we go - Gracie
thank you so much for being up with all
hahaha you're gonna can't do the outro
without a drink I need to drink can give
it Cameron Cameron
State Facebook with Stacey blink you are
beautiful I want to be my 32 palace 40
someone sent me something that shows
predicted date of death - a July 7th
2000 like 67 zone like that yes my
network they said the way I was going to
die is by three charts work all
electricity Jane what are you fucking
talking about just Jason is becoming a
lifestyle vlogger now where he just
plugged everything they need
I always feel like hey I hope I get
ready
