haha
I get asked like you know me you know
exactly the color that looks good on me
what this is really exciting for me
though I have never had a pedicure I
like it no oh yeah I'm gonna want to say
that's fine $1 what other extra getting
the kiddies can I get I want the whole
basket yeah okay I look like I'm already
picturing good huh okay yeah keep them
bitches dryer
hey that's not good
you like my hair goes to the baby I
don't have to wear her anymore can you
guys get used to these I can't even do
you look naked you look like you shaved
your beard again I did I look like one
of the doctor Iraqis in Game of Thrones
I don't get like super jacked and rich
oh yeah okay maybe your don't reckon
it's race baby this past week people are
just making fun of me my bad guys okay
this isn't that this isn't that bad it's
not baby you got me notices it's just a
couple little folds wrinkled oh oh baby
don't sounds a little little battle
wrinkle battle scar what do you call you
stretch marks um fuck what it what am I
gonna lose every time I see him I oh my
god baby
oh my God look at my pockets good right
it look like tiger-stripe you just tell
people that you're in a fight with a
tiger
oh you guys just like actually I was
mauled by a fucking Panther so fuck you
warrior baby it's okay to have a little
fat on you it's fine ain't nothing wrong
with it there's nothing to be insecure
about girls and guys I got it - it's
okay we all got a little fashion you got
a little spot right little to me you
stopped smoking in I lean back everybody
got a little fat and that's okay I'm
going to give you that pipe saw I look
like fucking Macklemore
and I look like an Arab guy it's
adjusting the fat with every new style
you got it you got it with every new
little with every newer style with every
you look from a different style if
you're going to change it up one way you
might as well change it up the entire
way right does anything I'll drink to
that every new look if you're going to
change if you're gonna if you're gonna
if you're going to enhance one thing
about yourself you module enhance
everything
Zane wait like it is you like whoa Oh
even better look James could I just know
why otter up there yesterday you know
and then you say wait to go to a fucking
get a pedicure and your nails famous
never said anything about pedicure you
don't have to look at them fucking
things I don't know is our ensberg ugly
nothing is beautiful you don't deal
while your feet don't they gave me like
they gave me sea salt rub and they filed
my nail they took off the dead skin they
they use the sandpaper thing on the
bottom of my heel I've never gotten a
pedicure before this is my first one al
is it it was really nice first I was
like damn what the fuck - but now I'm
kind of like look at the bottom might be
I'm shit right I'm kind of jealous right
now can I touch it
Wow dummy eyes are smooth good now feel
that no polish damn baby that's just hot
pink some fluffy I don't know I love -
hey this little piggy went to the market
doesn't gentle you can't all you want
but you wish you can have pretty s you
like me is there any other upgrades
Edith oh good
oh yeah good yeah you list your ball
baby y'all do the whole thing
why did you bleach you butthole so the
whole process of bleach your bubble is
that they take the the right explain it
they take the whites up and they bleach
your hairs they shave your head the
bleach of the bowl so you it's clean
I'm kidding attaboy I feel like I need
another upgrade because you're like
you're out doing yeah I know dude I
totally think that we should take the
take a day go to the spa just what I
really want to do though suction cup
things you never see no it's not it's
like they're like this big and they put
them all over your back and it's a
suction cup all swimmers do it yeah what
is that supposed to do I don't know but
it looks cool or acupuncture would you
fuck with that no I did i watch final
destination 5 and some dudes fell with
the acupuncture's on his back and we'll
get killed and every single one of them
a lot of shit is pretty unrealistic oh
no everything is pretty realistic
did you see the roller coaster
definitely up the track we thought of
the finish injury I didn't see it fuck
that shit
never find out this nation do when all
those cars crashed in the highway and I
wouldn't look every single one of these
oh no dude once you watch those movies
you never want to do what happens really
one of the summation 1 you never want to
go on a plane again final destination -
you never want to drive on a highway
final destination 3 you never want to go
on a roller coaster follow destination
for there was something with a bathroom
like water with a bathroom or something
you guys know about water with the
bathroom it's like a bathtub and a guy
slipped on the mouth washing that he got
caught on like the line of the shower
currents and then it choked him and but
the family thought that he committed
suicide because it was like a fucked up
thing the bad guy of the movie he's
obviously is devil you see the water
like that he slipped on or the mouthwash
go back into the toilet so it did
there's no signs of fun flipping real it
David remember remember the first time
all this I'm gonna give you more time I
met you you were just some helpless kid
running into our apartment with huge
braces on your teeth
this kid was humbled I was never humble
I was just quiet I always wanted to make
that clear because I swear on my life is
our town my biggest fear was I leave
high school people go wow he became such
a cocky douchebag that's not true cause
I was such a cocky dude what a charmer I
just hate when people are like douche
now oh is this really funny just like
your character when you walk in you had
a backpack you show us on braces you're
just like do you know that okay you know
the kid from holes all up no not Shia
LaBeouf the new one that came in through
halfway through the movie here he was
really into cars
oh hey guys hey guys so that's what
that's what you reminded me like so
nervous
you reckon tripping Vanya and I was just
like I really expected all my friends
from itemized Dubin you know they meet
and me like no and I'm like well I'm
meeting up with them I'm making you guys
DME bag I send it to my group chat of my
friends and their lesson that's so sick
and I'm like I know you guys think that
David was the number one since the
beginning of time hey there was a theme
in heat bags everybody I didn't even
catch this you were sitting on the couch
and I go like this I go like oh man I
took a picture of you the first day I
met you because I was so excited but we
would have never known that again it now
a minute I've had people come over to my
apartment they're like Dom friends
they'll be sitting on the couch watching
TV I'd be like Oh got a game in Saudi
you look like a fucking tours good I
think it was awkward thing and I feel so
that I think there's so many time
there's so many times I try to take a
picture even a people in like school cuz
like some guy got a new ear piercing and
I'm like this looks you know I usually I
always take hot hey Carly David
self-absorbed right yeah okay there you
go
well you're finally I'm here behind my
back Carly you think you think babe
Zing's a stupid right ha ha God but you
can because you're too pale good I never
sit here the post person I've ever seen
in my entire life
talking back well Carly I did sorry I
didn't mean to say that you're the color
choice I've ever not always all right
guys thanks for watching make sure like
this video if you enjoyed it subscribe
to my channel and see more stuff for me
all my friends
shall we go see Adriana thank you so
much for keeping up with all my stuff
and watching all my videos it much
appreciated thank you serious yeah baby
ah what the best bands play
give me the business oh oh
okay we got a new intro
