I'm just fuckin call uber every elegant
practice under control I don't have any
boy so I can't speak to logic
excuse me alright so we mat are here at
a diner right now do you need some
coffee or eggs or about to come out my
favorite neighborhood diner Vivian's not
answered anyway you want to talk a
little bit about what happened last
night at the Oscars because Matt and I
were watching it together with David out
you know throughout the whole night is
just very normal you know I read in
their awards the movies are being oh
yeah they are mostly exactly and then
the last one comes Best Picture we knew
is between much lala land and life
Lalo and gets picked and we're like all
right extinct you know who might truly
was the better filming a better story to
share but you know lala land is a movie
that celebrates movies that celebrates
actors and celebrates the dream of
dreams and so I think that's why we're
putting and tonight we're trying to
reach a new audience oh yeah hey guys
luck Nollan this is going to mean right
Leyna Nguyen on stage there was one guy
one guy that wonderful fiance runs
across and we're like something that is
looking Emma Stone died she's dating
their little much later much like this
was after a minute of running around and
then one person turns our head around
another person shows our header on this
is while the guys like about to make it
be a boy I already gave like yeah and
then me and Matt are like oh my god it's
have a gem of stone somebody gets her
attention but one of the guys working
there cheesiest thing and we're like oh
please like I walked right that's what I
like hold on we didn't win we were
screaming fingers screaming because we
thought that would never happen again
after Miss Universe not after Miss
Universe but this election this Super
Bowl yeah now this time but it was the
way we wanted it to how long it took for
them to realize that those are wrong
like when looking be t worthy when
Warren Beatty was reading the car his
face said like a thousand different
words he had no idea like he was just so
confused just wanted to say something
but he didn't he knew something was
wrong he threw his wife under the was
engaged like Carly did on his wife as my
boy there's my wife now if they don't
know shit
I created paint his wife a generally
yeah but I do we get married - Annette
Bening that sounds like a fade on the
way you don't belong in Hollywood kids
saw that it said Romilly and with small
mom and meanwhile there are those people
backstage with those
mr. Paris that were like but we know
who's going to win these two ladies have
been working the Oscars for years and
you know they're like right now there's
65 years old and they're letting to keep
their job just because their burgers gay
going crazy every year that we know how
trippin they're watching your lives only
I'm look she's like Indian with that
helping that was like shit he was
running on stage with this trying to
like interrupting like this is me in
math prediction you think that it was
staged no and there's no way like the
coincidence of this happening again
what if I said that she had her card the
entire time
it seems cute convenient out of all the
nominees in all the categories getting
announced that night it comes down to
Best Picture and especially isten so
political exactly between life and Volvo
yeah
I don't know I'm Kylie suspicious how
you doing not the face of someone that's
happy to not be living with us something
no it's actually a zit you guys are
gonna have so much fun in this house
it's rude I just walked in here everyone
was like almost depressing I know how to
be nice but I'm not gonna be able to see
you in your room next to me anymore you
want to give us a little tour on your
house this is where we're going to cook
food stuff like that
the Lighting's are selfies in here is
going to be it's going to be precise it
justifies be silly
buzz buzz chriskiss fucking fuck diesel
is off we were in the 11th Lightroom
like all alone white is revealing no
breather
like that oh yeah so so apparently when
the realtor show them the house that is
show you didn't mention a vase with a
very idea that was amazing no idea until
after we find it and I feel like
someone's been Ritter done it's just
weird that they kept it like this so you
guys wouldn't see it when she came in
while I see it that's a little reading I
think it's like that
Oh baby this shit going on in here that
does not seem right my god did you put
the flashlight in there Samardzija
babadook oh my god
hey I ended up welcome addition let me
about this bitch a vlog Watchers I'm
with my team right here we're going to
go over some we're going to go over some
oscar best and worst dressed of the
actors and nominees of the Ayaka
darlings here all the tongues husband
yeah give me some energy all right papa
I feel like a lap around the apartment
field jog for like two minutes straight
there's not any chance
wow this is great
Emma Stone okay on that supercedes loser
for a dress screams I didn't have win
best picture
yeah in the way her bra job is the
hanging down her shoulders I kind of
tells me that she wasn't really feeling
the carpet that day and a one-year talk
is definitely like I don't want to be
here right now
there's no side to this dress okay fast
man it does like when you step out of
the shower sideways I came in to do this
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure liked this video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to my channel you want to
see more stuff for me and all my friends
shall we go to diet thanks so much for
supporting me in keeping up with all my
stuff mm-hmm anything else bad lies oh
I'm not going to be in vain without her
I got a problem I'm always so sad the
leather ones think Jimmy proper back my
life pretty good no I don't have it bad
so it's hard to explain all these
feelings I have I did the baby I
pathetic claim did I burn up my toes and
guys turn so I say so for me please
this is an intro on it you know what I'm
going for the double dojo okay
