man shows on those girls at the high
school set to do it ready here we go
hose it Hey so you wanna join castles we
sit here I'm gonna get that ass that the
knowledge is real cool real cool Oh
ankles are you okay
off off all the bones I go free siren
okay we're gonna try to get a new
furniture for my bedroom because
everything is basically not in good
condition that's in my room and we just
left them in there so now we're going to
go in and find I woulda loved better yes
baby Sean where we go right now
this Rezac koopa mr. October's right
here baby
they said we need a credit button ha ha
no credit bad credit good credit don't
mad at me I don't know what I want heat
so you won't have to show me what I want
cuz I don't even know what I want I get
to pick out your bed mm that look
industrial feel you know you know
getting ya like that we have it just try
it on Queen pleasure I was very young he
make any morning oh wow well I stand for
treating matches we'll get a twin oh
yeah you break it don't like get in this
mattress you look great Oh God are you
gonna get this one I don't forget it
bird wrap it up whatever I think this is
gonna be the one how's that baby well I
can yeah feel it what's it on this one
can I get a cup of warm milk and it is
how much is on George I get for the cave
they go back to the start for would even
know mattresses costed that much 4,800
baby you could buy a used car for that
my first car was $2,000 yeah you know
what they say though they say that
something by like 1:30 11:30 your life
is spent sleeping so you're going to
spend 100 bed you have to get like a
good bed
hmm back it up
oh my god get it how hard is that bed
there's people to sleep on this I think
that's endorsed this is Opel they will
first look like a joke let's go oh okay
ah young boys playing mascot search it
here you don't just sit anywhere you
don't want man we're hanging out right
now but I do want to talk to you about
something you've been doing all these
like that kind of fun here oh yeah all
right guys John Stamos entire cast of
full house even surprising absolutely
with different different stuff and you
know what they've been getting better
and better every us and he's showing you
his favorite band so Panther maybe I
should just like throw it out there that
mmm my favorite show is Game of Thrones
I love everybody on the show okay hey
you know just I may be baby chicks just
keep that in your head you know why
would I I'm quiet I don't need a watch
any TV thank you daddy I like Maisie and
Sophie but I had school IRA coaches I
like breaking bad act show I like
breaking bad too but everybody ever
ready met Aaron Paul we he said hi to me
when I was running on a Runyon well I
know I don't I don't
really he wasn't looking at me but yeah
I don't even even look our direction but
he said that he said hi in my direction
I think I was good enough
he didn't look in a direction he went
hang any deficit headon are you
definitely nodded his head
listen vein I don't know what kind of
shenanigans are trying to pull on me
right now do you want me to surprise you
with something
yes I was hoping that you would make my
day just like you made he say two days
later you know we're in a name maze to
Sophie Maisie and so from Game of
Thrones no let him over so I pulled me
surprised you guys for showing
extractivist yeah we ain't got friend
Nagar McGavin well now it's not
surprised oh you know how you told me
I'm gonna surprise you with maybe put
the cats of Santa Clara in a diet
well how about 15 venomous Cobras all
right I can bring him up when you first
got here this morning who's the first
person that we saw there think people
like sits at an outside and minority
look at
come on that's what I thought you know
if we walk up and pull in an awesome
this guy starts washing over he's like
hey how you guys doing I'm Doug doc
really
Oh Doug we knew that he hasn't been in
the house yet so he flew here a day
before but we didn't know if he was
going to come into this house with us
here or not you have this helpful
tomorrow and we're like really oh we're
just grabbing our last stuff and he goes
mind if I go inside and check it out
people think imagine the mess that was
here the day before and then he walked
to the back door why are all these
chairs in the pool it will be out yet we
were planning on cleaning today like we
were planning on getting the keg out
planning on getting all the chairs that
were planning to clean this place up
he walked in and dragged from the pool
how many backwardly he was playing this
is ridiculous this place is trash what
happened who did this why are all the
floors all messed up this was $7000
these floors are fucked up since day one
we came in here in the guys love it's
just crazy because like this like you
guys always told me that this place was
like his baby right Keith and I were
just cleaning it for me we're just
silent he's just going at it just like
what's the unbelievable the backyards of
message' koozies broke and Ethan are
just silent cleaning up our room while
I'm sitting at the door the cups and
oiled the tea bags like everyone else to
be spotless like there shouldn't be a
single thing that we only deposit it was
like you need to have all this shit out
because I'm sleeping here tonight our
neighbor next door is also moving out
because of us apparently he moved in
that is your new boiler he went over to
her house and she's like oh we're moving
out to them like oh don't always because
of us she's like well that's half the
reason and they called me ten minutes
later about Liza we come back here
tomorrow just to check on the place
moving all her shit into this house you
want to just watch it but all right on
the time of Sarah final goodbyes
everybody how is everybody feeling is
this like your first vlog I was kicking
up the game baby it is the top drop just
like you could just the more we emptied
it out more so I would get it but I mean
it's not that sad because we it's not
like we don't have places to go you know
like we have an appointment you guys
house no ellipse to make this depressing
it's fuck
please shut us down we must love shadows
and we live in slow down man
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure to LIKE this video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to my channel and see
more stuff for mean on my friend Charlie
coastal Maura thank you so much for
keeping up with all my stuff and
watching all my videos I really
appreciate it ah this is a sad video
guys but not blackout baby
closing time now he is busy today
No
who doesn't come with the TV I love the
HD or cashew this I don't know it looks
fancy
no baby Pisa actually where's your home
so was good and you have a good problem
what is this performance s they give you
sex pills Oh hold on oh we need to go
you get a day pick one okay okay we're
finding both of these years especially
not how to suck your nuts if you make
both of them at the same time know
individually ah no I won't end up too
good that's not a good but yeah I make
me backward you suck my not nut because
that's one click my god come on
now walk
