oh no I don't see any of you as a
co-worker like that's weird to me every
night we got into something crazy that's
what we thought like things we're not
gonna get crazier they ended up getting
crazy I'm sorry has anybody talked about
this in their vlog we saw it the box
yeah this would be the first talk about
it darkness but line it up barely
there's this are slash Club in New York
which is called the box there's one in
London and there's one in New York what
it is it's like this or less freak show
kind of a thing then ain't no just
burlesque freak show what you're
thinking it's completely different
it ain't no striptease it is like a
strip for the rest of my life we've got
at the box pretty late so all the acts
were like done yeah only act we saw was
like the grand finale know what it is
the curtains open it's sane and I are
like in cheek like gutten forward but
you were like standing back are you
ready for this they just like you were
standing with like a whole bunch like
strangers and you're just like I don't
what is going on though the curtains
open I mean it's like a scene of like an
old grandma's house with like a whole
bunch of make cats around she's like
knit on stage is a litter box
she opens up a can of cat food she
starts eating the cat food and then she
gets a glass while he takes the rest of
the cat food and puts it in the wine
glass stirs it on and starts drinking it
that's not that is like 1% of what I
experience so I look back at saying
you're like oh my gosh just wait I was
an old grandma there was a man it was a
male and as an old get saw it like he's
wearing like you know like a grandma
night game walks over to the litter box
and we're like oh my god that looks to
me I look back there's no way that
they're doing oh he's gonna pee in the
litter box oh how crazy that's gonna be
no Gozo
it's underwear everything right now you
see your buddy you see them you see
everything from here down paper always
so they're lower from this age and they
can probably smell squats over the
litter box and just start out comes this
light and he goes right into the hole
but look at that it's like oh my god I
couldn't look away I was just like you
got him kidding there's no way that this
is happening in front of my face is just
it is just without like blue like into
the litter box I you think she like kick
it around a bit every night is done what
at these shows after the show so there's
people help you we're no fooling the
puke at the people watching and nobody
gets grossed out because they're there
to see that we're gonna told me that
somebody on a pizza and like ate the
pizza are you watching this is one of
the nicest like most exclusive clubs and
like all of New York they're like huge
waiting list you can't get him for
months I'm like waiting list of what one
way to kind of scars you but you're like
I need to go again if you wanna see what
else they can do
because jasja stares back at it again
with another video glowing you know so
Scott how's your night off was it filled
with laughter and enjoyment i do' we're
trying to find something to talk about
learn about me i'm cute you see and
that's where and that's where we stop
awesome man should collaborate an Ashton
Irwin tweeted me back
I guess what you can expect is I'm gonna
be on 5sos three their next album though
thank you guys so much I got put out of
day this video today and you end up
watching the video and yeah there
anymore you got to react a little better
on stuff oh don't tell me how to react I
react the way that I am you just got to
put a little bit of that that um none of
that fake no it's not fake it's over
exaggerated however you feel about it
try to show that I did I said wow that's
nice expecting very I wish you like
subscribe we deactivated ever
anything else to add guys sake that was
he saw the interaction that's real
interaction that stuff he cuts out like
you so much and I feel like you don't
like he doesn't like those people David
yeah please just like David I just feel
like we all really love you and we don't
we you don't give that back to us I
don't you love us and David
and I was like do you even like us I say
stop crying please it's not what someone
would say I comfort you no way do I have
a boyfriend
listen we just really it's just it's not
it's not you it's me
yeah I know here we're all friends we've
been hanging out all day just chatting
it up honestly this pie that has an
apple watch boys yeah I didn't want to
say it
Todd you wanna tell her we're also
talking about if one of us were to die
how would we react I was saying Carly
how do you feel that if you died David
probably wouldn't like don't think I'd
cry
he'd be bummed out but you wouldn't cry
I say something yeah this whole day has
been a movie day for me with my Pringles
and turn it into this David I would be
so sad
let's have died so you can't say who do
you think is gonna be the first one to
go Oh Carly Carly we would put you in
that coffin that's in the Webber if you
pull back like the bedding of the coffin
and it says your name embroider it would
be pretty sad though if one of us went
before Jason look he's like no I need
Jason knickers it at one point there's
only be one of us alive 314 to Hawaii
there so posing boyfriend/girlfriend
sides you have 900 grand why does Jason
now where his hat sideways yes no is
that a young person I think Jesus is
starting to turn into a boy oh boy
Courtley it sounded like someone
sniffing like he's crying just Lincoln
digging there - hey it's my ghost you
guys
well there's Angie Harris talking about
you in the room thank God you didn't
hear us talking about you did you Jason
where is he Jason do you think Jason
heard that he said you're not a boy dude
I was just kidding I'm calm
three time seriously don't care how you
wear your hair you don't care that you
look like a boy sometimes yeah because
that's that's what you want to work we
should all respect that we just we were
worried for you we think Trisha is
changing you a little bit we don't want
to see our friend change their
relationship yeah you said just go have
fun with Trisha why is that what the
video was about no leaving me like I
mean leaving separate ways right now I
don't see any of you as a co-worker like
that's weird to me because it's very
insensitive and then it exposed
I don't stand anymore nice day all right
guys thanks for watching I should like
this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to my channel if you want to
see more stuff for me and all my friend
Shiloh he goes to Charlotte thank you so
much for keeping up with all my stuff
and watching my videos really appreciate
it
Zain wants an intro for his vlog so I
want to give them one hi I'm will only
get food when it's cake day at the
office what I'm just actually coworkers
you know we always get food all the time
together
well maybe that if someone brings in
like homemade nachos example you know I
give and I give and I getting everything
in return I've nothing to complain about
yeah sorry I'm sorry for everything I've
done to you okay say no I'm a new person
turning over a new leaf starting
tomorrow I'm gonna quit drinking what no
that's not what I wanted you a pot no no
if you stop drinking that means we'll
never go out if we never go out we'll
never have fun we can we can have fun
sober didn't you just tell me that a
drinking problem no well someone dad
