if you have to be stranded on an island
with one youtuber who would it be
you're welcome
you show your face around here one more
time unless boy is gonna pick stabbed at
your boobs fucking pussy it yes you know
who the Placido I think you're a pussy
you call me a pussy I have never ever
seen it's not my knife but I fucking cut
your lips out hey jaws I need your come
here all the years I've known you David
dude oh my god
in my fucking arm my family almost
killed you man I saw come from the fam
like if he looks tough right now I'm
apologetic right now not Buddhism your
back on me what were you done for me you
bet Scott come out here almost killed
famous yo grab the meal we need to get
advantage of this we're going to feel
very bad for me once they see that I'm
bleeding we asked it in Elton starting a
remember Elton's insert shit look at him
he's in his grave okay now you need to
get the purple one it's like alien blood
you really are like blood dude look ah
don't worry Charles man clickbait Jesus
he cut me I start bleeding a different
color
oh my god Nathan error now oh my gosh
okay here closer good one oh you're
killing the kool-aid man oh my god you
just come oh my god oh my god I told
your vein to show you that also about to
bleed blue oh I told you Carlito mushy I
don't have a heart attack sighs now a
tenderfoot
if you're not a good stay or need to go
to hospital accord it so I have to say
yes to get that heart racing oh right
appendicitis no it's not weapon she says
it like if you're having pressure right
here around your belly button up
I know what appendicitis of you asshole
no it doesn't it doesn't very always on
the bottom right or left it's not up
here I've initial it about your polio
yeah you don't need is obviously our
goal flower yes I call blood are you
gonna take a look at me and regards that
now yeah nothing hotter side all right
I'm calling out one therapy yeah no
couples there do you know why I was
actually a couple days ago I was
thinking about going to therapy I know
it's about you guys I just want one
second no no no yeah I went to the first
time and I was telling Carly on with
autumn alike she was reacting is if I
was like gossiping like judgmental I
would tell her something Felix Oh gross
I know but you did what talking about
something and then she was like oh yeah
that won't get better we should
basically said that is one of them is
that what happens is that what it's like
and I was like I don't work really like
in a chaise lounge or something my age
is not being hypnotised matter you mad
Oh
Gabby's mad that I had her name in my
phone is Gabbie show not madam hurt if I
put Gaby Hannah then like I'm not gonna
like God visited Gabby Hannah I keep
Yahoo show because it's like oh it's
Gabby
okay I gotta enter it you know I gotta
answer it I tweeted are you guys asked
me and Gabby some questions because I'm
gonna be with there and yeah let's get
to it you only watch one movie for the
rest of your life which one would it be
imagine difference pretty probably is a
nightmare or Christmas or Chicago I
really like side movies I love that
movie you like that movies aren't even
sighs no sad movie movies yeah have you
ever seen the movie uh My Sister's
Keeper
no daddy's never seen that yeah lots of
holy shit its assessment you'll ever see
you'll call your eyes out if you and
Gaby had a child what would you name it
Oh Samantha
that'd be shy I know it would have to be
something like really you know how like
celebrity couples name their kids
feeling wild like Apple did you just
call celebrities I then select I've
always liked Sandra like Sandra I'm
always like cilantro for me but not yes
a and DRA my favorite game for
I owe and I want to have a kid just so
that I can name it Oliver and call it
Olly Olly Olly Olly Olly but it sound
like you want like a British dude always
leaving my husband and me Mike you know
your kid but Oliver sounds like a
British kid all right
okay no no that's okay how long we've
been dating a lot no how long we've been
friends I've been friends for uh I
really hear it I feel like in New York
we weren't really friends we didn't
really know each other no I feel like
New York is when we started becoming
friends we said to me in New York I was
like I was remember you like help me I
help you remember I was like we your bro
can I help you
crying and you were like stay exactly
where you are I'm going to come that was
it bad New York trip I'm top of the last
New York trick lumpers right yeah first
person I don't even remember meeting you
that trip I met you for a little bit
like you were just screaming you're not
running all over the place I was just
like I am NOT doing it this girl yeah
around the time where you like we're
kind of interested in it no I didn't
know where yet like I identified like
recognized you'd known you were I would
have been like oh my god oh my god I
don't know meeting you I remember going
to be like around when we went to Vegas
before we went to Vegas like before I
met you as ever I was like oh my god
it's like dating either coming like say
he's gonna be here the first I usually
say he's coming he's like first time I
get a say Oh what do you think of my
hair is that Josh dun gotta say that it
was like Josh Adams Sam pepper had a
baby how was y'all's night at the
concert and what was your favorite part
super fun oh you like that a really good
time I was way way way way excited for
John Milian there's only one father I
know from him which is that low low low
but like I'm not like obsessed with that
song so I kind of was outside for that
one it's a lot of fun though you had
Josh the title outside though I'm kind
of Joseph I didn't get to go yeah I did
not a chance to go with you guys when
you guys got out their car but I
couldn't go without hot and Scott
because I'd be a bad friend of my good
friends really man you right now she's
actually considering dating each other
hey why don't you take the opportunity
to date Gabi when you had the chance
I don't know it's just like never work
out again so what happens sometimes
sooner if nothing else works out for us
a triangle type political asking
you force a date we all come up with I
see you can just pour I don't know maybe
like it depends why another one thing
you've done wasn't is that was the
funniest thing you've done okay an
example of petty would be like one time
I invited Carly somewhere and she didn't
come with me so the next time I had
somewhere really cool to go I didn't buy
Carly so like me petty so that's like
that's basically like being mean and I
mean it is like petty I gotta say like
the shit that we did - liser that prank
was I because I was like evil although I
didn't know that would be so fucked up
until like after like thinking about it
all right Chelsea Rose
my favorite Fall Out Boy song dance
dance and I really like $20 nosebleeds I
think mine would be nobody Miss Baby in
the corner
I feel like I'm not really looking so
good in the let me like a like a
roommate with any other famous youtuber
who would it be
I think I'd room with Jenna that I would
just loved a little with her there you
go but your dream job sighs thank you
definitely in that industry of filming
but I would want to like shoot
commercials what uh you know when you
see content athlete commercials or car
commercials but like over the top it's
not like basic it's over the top
commercials say if I wasn't doing
YouTube which I mean I feel like in the
future I'd like to have my little
company where I'm doing that I feel like
you can't ugly a really good transition
what am i doing interactive anymore I'll
probably try to like manage
up-and-coming and have people I think
Gabby as I manage if she's just yelling
at everybody I'm talking good no but I
also have to be a hairstylist if you
rather kill your friend your subscribers
just crazy
would you rather kill your friends or
your subscribers let me know I still
answer um let's just try to not murder
yeah no it's a better dancer named our
cat oh my god if you don't do it
you guys are the same ecology one
because I feel like I did my Christian
you can sustain your new apartment my
wish is it smell like a horse pee for
quite a while I think just the rest of
the day and the next day I like quite a
while like but the rest of the day like
that is quite a while usually after you
clean it up it kind of goes away but it
was like a strong strong horse piss now
I'll gonna pick why I like better
David David is my friend you're not
gonna buy that one what no topping just
cheese on basic it's fun things that
David couldn't pay you enough money for
doing the boat oh my god everybody okay
so I'm working in event right now and I
took away that y'all wait are you all
night drinking tattoos it's not my
favorite but it's definitely something
that relates to Gaby right now I feel
like you don't have a secret tattoo huh
oh yeah you get that out anyway yeah
let's get them though alright guys
thanks for watching make sure liked this
video if you enjoyed it and subscribe to
my channel and see more stuff for me and
all my friends and shall do we got the
Lauren thank you so much for retrieving
all my stuff keeping up with all my
videos URI what are you guys doing whoa
okay oh oh
it's Valentine's Day okay okay guys okay
reach peanut butter cookin remember to
floss
you must have white free let's make a
stand
do it the other song little family
kisses I know I was like turning and he
was just like I'm sorry crying I need to
talk to you she goes okay honey she gets
her necklace and starts dangling like
you ever got a died boiler alert but
boiler alert was for everybody watching
no top of him like actually the guy lazy
yeah
