fuck it auto Psylocke I don't know for
most sense of what's right or wrong
anymore and there's no street parking
you gotta do what you gotta go try let's
go hey hey hi Ronco I got it no no Jude
well I don't dude you're not bringing
that thing in my fucking car
well it's Tyrone well cause let's go
fine just don't have a thing subject any
my fucking saw Tyrone the tarantula yeah
fake fucking tarantula I'm scared I'm
scared like when he stays in town yeah I
liked when you stayed in his world to
the underworld he's an African burning
spiders Charles why do you like shit
like this evening you guys creature you
know it's kind of weird
maybe we can my Vita Birds you're going
to be my uh my would you call those
people that just fucking know every
animal in the world and there's like
know everything about them zoology okay
so long crew short last night my phone
fell and it's sink full of water for a
second I pulled it out and immediately
put it in a bag of rice and I thought it
was broken remember I got pushed in the
pool by God via my phone broke so I got
a replacement and then my phone phone
water again so I immediately put my
phone in a bag of rice and I kept it
there and I turned it back on it was
working it's my sound wasn't working I
went to plug in my charger and I was
over where my charger wasn't fitting in
my phone I came to the Sprint store and
they could they're like we can't back up
your phone unless we could fit our cable
you're going to I want to watch the
cable pitiful but I look really closely
looking green erase the second
congressional races smoothly and I lose
a good safety pin away I don't know that
makes me giggle
I'm getting me a new phone to try and
stay alive it's on now we good we good
luck I don't feel good you feel good
always so good because dad was having
like
loke little freaked out anybody have
lucky three if your cable wasn't
completing Union like it doesn't make
sense because water why would water
invest that messed up mr. moon what's
going on I was in the car man you told
me down your example holes in the
Tupperware see debris I was fine you
don't need to breathe dude I fucking
hate that tarantula but at least let it
breathe baby he needs to breathe he
still living creatures all right so this
month it's really hard at it we'll see
he's all the time because you know we
don't really live with each other
exactly right now things we're paying
for two places were paying to the
apartment were paying for the house and
Heath is at the house we actually needed
to be up with every person I still had a
house till March 1st so I'm trying to
like stay there as much as I can until
March 1st until I can move all my stuff
out and because our apartment is still
completely empty and I don't want to
live in an empty apartment I know I'm
leaving he found Philip but I came in an
empty apartment so I got my baby I come
on maybe a little iced coffee
what's up baby I got you off coffee my
coffee for ya baby why do I treat you so
good that doesn't sound right I was
ringing I'm like that in summary that's
not like a fucking baby see it's still
empty I like it's hard for me to like
live here and my baby because it's just
so empty so ha to live with me because
there's not a class we can take us today
delivery boy so it's really weird like
we had a we got like an interior
decorator which we would never do
yeah it's just so hard to fill this
place off when you have no idea this
video does no justice because it doesn't
show how big it actually is it looks way
small I can't like when people come over
they're like what exactly basically are
interior decorators on page just kind of
fill this place up and she does the
shopping pros she does everything good
she'll hook the furniture eight exactly
where she thinks is a good spot and we
went for like an industrial kind of feel
for like you know we want because we
trying to be manly with just kind of
like you know what's going to look cool
it won't people come over my god they
really they really taking care of them
though little do they know that it Carl
Decker yeah you can't wait to show you
guys what's gonna look like I can't wait
to see like for myself I know because
the best thing is that our friends don't
know were drinking change that creating
so they think that we're setting this
place up on our own so ever you put this
out like our friends are water they all
go on be real this is a good spot this
is what this is what coffee talks gonna
look like ladies anymore for the next
year gonna be right out here we might
split serve where we go to different
Balkans we have another one over there
they have a few in his room I'll give
you in my room I have one in my room so
it's like we get we could change it up a
little bit no it's weird because they
gave me a huge one which I'm never going
to use and they should have put it out
here a living room yes the balcony the
size of his room and then he also has
one with like two and a half times the
size of the stairs I hope it like three
four people convoluted you just show
everybody that worthless fuck you Blaire
maybe I don't blow out the cigarette but
I blew out the fucking football we saw
shoddy toddy and Jason's plays a couple
days ago it's weird because it's our
it's like our house but it's yeah a
little bit bigger I get the same like
same Celica being like two houses it's
just one house and then the Hangout big
yard and I cool in Japanese yeah it
could it be a really different vibe a
week like it's already done for tea
house really doing any like a party
house it does not look like it's going
to be done anytime soon and they're loud
we go here bang bang bang well our last
apartment it ain't fucking it was all
year round because they were building
they were literally building an
underground subway and it said finish by
2036 it was like 2036 we're gonna be
dead by Chuba world commit and what 2030
please put that as a goal yeah he's like
I got this project oh quit what do you
think it'll be done
we're hoping for you know not too long
maybe thousands Ernie's we're not
drinking case today I feel like a
traitor for doing it but probably being
is right now the closest thing to our
least right now but chase is still not
that far away so they will still be
visiting kids you still got you Mary
what's gonna Marian been think we forgot
you Marian burn come on shouts I bet we
need a cow dude I'm ready to have our
fucking cows I think it like a patio set
out here drinking like spit looking nice
little egg campaigns I'll go to my wife
on the phone
fuck you this is gonna bring my cousin
yeah out of here this should fill it up
right you see if I kiss my whole town
together learn on it it's cool did you
bring a laborer squeeze it yeah we just
were just hanging out
do you not know who he's and I are it
was a world of coffee fog baby we got a
colorful remeasure living room agree
decorated shit ain't on did your
company's week up thank goddess all
right David Carlene Erin did you guys up
started vlogging which was you know
months ago for you and the kilowatts
real mom has it changed the way you feel
like a fucking reporter has it changed
getting interviewed buzzes I do not want
to hang out a lot of people and I might
say I'm only the housekeeper for
compound well the interview frittata do
I feel like a really hard time getting
out of bed like I just wasn't doing
anything and just like having to like
make videos every day which I feel like
now every day at 9:00 p.m. when I
checked my friend to ask if I can come
over we all do see each other a lot more
because we have fun we otherwise also
not we're hanging out district ah yeah
yeah yeah sound like that was I feel
like our friends are visually rare we
all understand that we have to do but
like we're not like you're just using oh
my god TV show about a faces oh my god
you want to get out your real vlog knows
the real barbers and laughing that's so
funny could like you to think we already
are really our reality show for
deployment Monday through all I complain
that we have like no footage or anything
like that some of us in the moment I
would I like to just be the moment I
totally grew and I'm fine on a footage I
called recurring I'm like what Katsuki
alright honest paint book I was like all
the actual good moments are being
recorded but we just have to come up
with good moment yeah we make six good
moment well or Legree's remake it's
weird because it starts off with like
we're having fun so let's film it we're
like now it's more serious than yeah
yeah I was like we have to like create
these moments but it's still fun like we
still have fun with it oh yeah a lot of
us realized exactly / are so many
sketches and pranking surprises in your
video as a student so much harder to
create like that stop entity yeah
hanging out contacting divert all film
exactly everything has to have a promise
before was only David it was only your
recording so you're able to get like the
real stuff like where is the cleanser
vlogs of David are all basically real
stuff and all of us hanging out how much
every thought has been a promise like
okay and it's launched a scene have to
get set on fire and like people eyes
nose doesn't sound like root icon area
like up in our business we get shit in
the middle
we all say gasps did you hear I'm
leaving
no I guess you try recording for four
minutes get a couple free frames I can
make it yeah all right guys thanks for
watching wish you liked this vide - ham
I can wait here
echo Ryan isn't watching make sure like
this video if you enjoyed it subscribe
to my trying to go into more stuff for
me on my friends
I think so many people tell me on
Twitter to remake that music video I
don't know a music video it is but it's
like that song that's like where that
girl and no in the workout she's like so
when they came out and like people found
out for some reason that none of us are
actually friends like what's always put
together by like managers or something
to like hang out or that calm we're like
a more okay oh my gosh fall back yes
what a lazy matcom yes always urging
else an icon as we have that see coming
