what I wanted to say earlier is that
what I was trying to say what I wanted
to say okay make sure I'm good okay okay
you look good
nope you don't look good cuz you don't
have a beard it's a little bit better
it's growing it nicely I can I just want
it back quicker that's what I can deal
with this as long as it's not fucking
naked I'm well there is a way we can
solve this you know this right usually
get a little pen you know those little
gel pens those are the nice smooth gel
pens and just pull that bitch out start
doing the fucking Liza thing where she
draws her beard dude okay dude
not a guy calling fucked up that was
really hey hey what's up girl my mom
watches your videos and she's like every
time you do coffee talk and you're in
the car you never have your seatbelt oh
my god me too no no that's bad though I
think we just were so focused did beer
and Assad agree energetic they we
fucking shit on they start tweeting us
with I see what I'm trying to be just
like you know she's like I like you dude
like a bad boy like you smoke cigs and
you don't wear your seatbelt I was like
oh my god no stop Herbie we gotta get me
over no thank you you're in conservative
what are you looking at
okay - my little terminators I come up
with some fucking so we call people that
watch my little chase
oh my I gotta get ourselves whoa that is
van in the way bitch try this
hey bitch let me through you oh my god
let me I'm recording you you pull enough
ain't gonna do shit and your Mazda
better sit the fuck back we in the
fridge you know what I like what you
later gotta go this shit one
don't make me Jimmy my flavor that I got
you babe watermelon you know what what
about maybe I gotta show you something
come on morning she went to the bathroom
did that to - I feel this bitch on some
dude came to our house an hour after
sending the mirages and they fucking set
this all this shit we could jeez dude
hold on these are warm is shit right now
I'm trying to get like a nice cold
crispy Celsius right let's go buy
another way this will be our last time
buying a Celsius we're buying guess what
we got sponsored by Celsius you don't
come back here no more and buy any
aren't you happy for us well that's
gonna be the last sell sees us like a
care package where they send sauce nice
and so goes together by - South Seas get
one packet secrets for free did you just
get that for me yeah baby
if we don't get Margo cigarettes in the
nest 36 hours thank you baby girl
bada-bing
she was hanging a little bit she was
jealous
mom's gonna text me as soon as I post
you know I take out this whole fun baby
that plucky through cheers to never
buying another cell there you go that
last purchase Celsius never tastes so
good you know - all right so if you
didn't know they catch me on scigirl she
got into like a huge fight on Spirit
Airlines and then she posted a video
saying that's why you never splash
Spirit Airlines and we were just about
how you don't fly Spirit Airlines ever
it's almost like a continuation of just
people making videos about Airlines will
still do it early it's the cheapest book
you'll find cheap fucking flights and
good airlines
the thing is they make it seem cheaper
but they don't tell you that you have to
pay for fucking everything they make you
pay for like extra bags not even
actually they make you pay for the first
item and then extra are you bringing
your phone and wallet literally charged
I catch me outside girl a double cuz
they knew she probably had money and we
are live guys Studio City
you're watching vlogs Wow buddy you're
really great when you're in front of the
camera what's your phantom man let's do
like team six her enough to have nothing
in entire time loser when I see finish
I was actually trying to say is we never
pulled like a tarp around connecting to
all the trees into the house and to that
house we coulda me so we had like a big
overhead that makes me sad it makes me
want to cry we're like thinking of a new
way so we could like make this house
cooler and we can't even do it anymore
fuck you cry no you're not even a part
of it dude you are crazy here for two
weeks and you get that's my cousin you
get it in baby
he doesn't remember it so you're good I
mean since we're gonna wonder why your
club these balloons right now let's
let's give a little teaser and with
Scots up to tomorrow night we're
surprising everybody in the next vlog
with us reciting this lease Scott's
coming out with it his new single called
sad sad day sad song sad so you don't
even know the name of song is come it's
called sad song special guest
appearances by one of my animal friend
to get cash at a good feature on this
track that's crazy
you've lived here for like a year and a
half and I'll need like two people have
jumped off that roof into the pool
george'll of the floor right now how
often you've been living here for a year
and a half and you have never jumped off
that roof only if you jump with me no I
don't want a job do it with me
hey Cornell let's play a game let's play
that how many dudes you're texting all
at once game
you know what I love you guys smoke you
do like that coffee talk pool table and
a ping-pong table maybe just hang some
stuff up on the walls to like some nice
pictures okay that's where you can hang
your diplomas from the school of
disloyalty fake friend University yeah
but that's how you guys win dude you
guys could just get a fucking place
after we sign our lease for an apartment
ridiculous if this shit was all fucking
premeditated I saw your little visits at
the park where you guys would meet up
and talk about yeah and I see don't
fucking hide I saw you with them you
come up with some sort of lie that
doesn't make sense
you got an apartment and David said guys
you should still get a half sum we were
like you're right we should so we did
don't track me without saying this is
what's this before we sign after yeah
I'm sure it'd be very nice let me get
this new house we're not gonna have big
loud arguments that piss off the whole
neighborhood like this because we'll you
know it's worse than pissing off the
whole neighborhood pissing off your best
fucking exactly you guys feel about that
now we're gonna be in one big fuckin box
by herself
well you guys have this nice house with
a fucking patio where you can have a
bunch of shade over a nice fucking pool
table you know what at least I don't
have the word penis on my lips that
never fucking comes off those good those
good right in the heart you know what
guys guess what and it's not even your
house it's David's house he's the real
sign of the fucking house Oh David fuck
fuck the set is big all right guys
thanks for watching make sure to LIKE
this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to our Channel want to see
more stuff from me and all my friends
Charlie we go soon thank you so much
with all my cell phone
rewind more from real friends not fake
friends real friends cuz we don't fuck
with that fake shit anymore baby
everything's gonna be real starting from
now no toilet just a cooler yes real
friend
yo he's that quick baby baby I mean that
the snow fight with all of us kind of
like I'm not into that
southern kind of backwards fuck your
sister yeah way back like calm into the
answer for the beach bro you guys aren't
like in shape
yeah I mean and that's gonna make me and
Shay
