all right sighs you all know Keith and I
are moving to an apartment and I just
got all my stuff gathered in my room I'm
ready to go ready to move everything and
I'm gonna see how he's doing in his room
and see if he's almost done so we could
get a shit out of here and get a shit
most wine you farm it geez baby he tear
you up hold up yo all right move 40 for
the book seat oh dude it's fucking me
bro Jesus I know I fucked up what
happened to your face ah I wanted to
change up my look you like it I hate it
you look like a coke dealer that doesn't
sell his drugs for the right amount of
money I told you that it doesn't my own
coke Oh No
how we're gonna fix this what are we
going to do with your series I try
covering it with glasses I'm trying to
put a hat on like I don't know what I
mean
how does another guys in your culture do
it look I got like rapper turban we know
where we're turban let's figure out
something okay a way to do something
quick how's that is it better already
oh my god I'm fucked I'm loving right
over oh I better go no no no we're good
we just fuck it I'm just going to get
used to it and have a lot of other
viewer have to get used to it too and
that's okay not a bad way it's in a good
way it's different I can see right
through your face day and I can see
right through your fucking imperfections
by all right all things aside where the
fuck were you this morning your entire
room is clear thank you I was ready to
go I was like art all my stuff is ready
to go all right Keith let's go I go to
your room and you're just going boom
gone left me in the dust the dark in the
dark
yeah what did I say oh there's that a my
fault babe no baby step talk like em
- no dark mihari dark no lights on
ah betty was more than important that's
why you need to come in here baby I
moved in
awesome than all nice and tight my room
is so empty like my heart can we finally
introduce our house been in a fun way
whoa no no no nothing Oh thinking like
you know what David Liza they don't get
a vacation house they go on a vacation
they get like my sound on like and they
do they do a whole montage we getting a
drone shot too and like maybe like super
fancy no I don't think the different is
your fucking face ha ha I'm so fucking
cow I like that I can't even talk you
know I don't worry that like on camera
for like a week oh my God he's really up
how do you guys like his new a new look
is that a yay or a nay
fuck off don't send me pictures of
horses it's made me look like that for -
we it's gonna be a while should I get
just old vlog footage and put that off
on solid air goes back or fingers in my
coffee right now and we'll gotta shut
our brains in stone Sophia what should
we have
forgive me
actually you know what sounds really
good whatever this company looks pretty
good I don't know you know what let's
just stick of water mole today better
get sponsors you goddamn right we should
be like what the fuck at this was a good
day night up there's buses all the time
every time we come here you know this is
the guy for sure like I saw you sir come
like they're going to pajota let me ask
you a real question what do you think
about yeah it looks very fresh the first
thing she does is fresh she's so nice by
night really is thank you oh that shit
is unbelievable she couldn't even get me
a discount cuz my shit was funny that is
just no customer service haha oh my god
I'm so sorry
Thane I wasn't even thinking just
totally forgot I was in the car I
recognize look look you ready act like
you're doing it and then just like yeah
yeah you ready ready 1 2 3
hmm okay okay that's not that's not bad
it could be better so a lot of you guys
have been on staffing us and tweeting us
saying how much you guys get Celsius
because of us and she'll see us note
them while they're watching these days
we've been promote anything and we we
haven't seen any packages at our door we
haven't seen any free selfie other than
a muhfucka message nothing then no
emails no texts no letters nothing we
shouldn't expect to thank you you know
whatever just it's like it would just be
nice you know I don't know all say that
Celsius y'all got 36 hours it isn't on
last time I buy a cell phone
36 hours for y'all to send something
through me we go tell all these people
Celsius sup help you this might be more
loss Celsius 36 hours all I said you've
been talking fucking real talk I would
hate to have to leave this but I'm a man
of my word and that's it because guess
what I love me some nos that she can t
hide that's
it's good but not just a little better
so we might just but we're not from now
on dude are we threatening them that's
not cool don't seem like 36 hours
they're pouring the three job we fuck
advice like at this track to like we
start rapping hate to be those guys but
36 hours alright guys thanks for
watching me show like this video if you
enjoyed it and subscribe to my channel
gonna see more stuff for me and all my
friends like David over here but you
gotta do this don't come on did you know
I love me cuz just do it come on please
and I've had three times today
that's the only reason I'll just fucking
just like just do it dude it doesn't do
it anymore
Oh
like that the only reason I crashing out
with me come on Daniel
you can't go to haul it anymore you
we're gonna make the money from make all
my money with these jobs
