the first time I turned on my Cameron
for day forward is because anything here
that word a good level because I feel
like so we give you because why should
we say I know this is this weekend I
just wanted not it's so hard to film
stuff when you just want to hang out
with your friends and not how to record
it I'm gonna fucking moment that's how
I'm able to do daily whatever this is I
hate hanging out with my friends like I
don't I don't know how to say this and
any other way you were like saying
that's all you have to do all you do is
just film it is like no it doesn't work
like that just the fact I used to pull
out your camera it loses its moment and
you feel like it really annoying this
player exactly that you annoyed me when
you walk in my room just know like it's
not even something real quick I hate
behind you you'd understand this video
is going to be a video of us not doing
anything it's like old like what all our
days I guess let's try to figure out
something to do react to the man with
the world's largest penis um we we can't
do that they David literally just did
that video and last thing I need is
people saying that David just did the
wise of you dudes you're so unoriginal
depressed actually it's just something
else we can react to the woman who wants
to be a thousand pounds you know what
that's interesting David just did that
videos hit yeah but he did it like three
months ago so it's okay
seven hundred calm bbw model wants to be
to satsumas this is the one same will
you already don't move very much you
just trying to get that out I don't want
to be the fattest woman in the whole I'm
not going to help you do it
Richie cute yeah but I still love you no
matter what
I respect artists invited me
despite everything me doesn't relatable
so it is like the size model Monica its
multi really movie database to lose
weight and welcome Holly
there's analytic big log seeing a
thousand Tom - yeah I can literally do
that with my blog one I was being that
got a little action
Gianna extra like a few but I play extra
okay sometimes it's nice it's nice to
rub your belly when it's like that I
call encourage we get common right that
were pulling I know that was like fried
cauliflower Mike at least I told only
got like summer in burritos right only
way to seven-year-old that's the
assistant smells like a tree
yeah to see Monica getting bigger right
ice cream makes me feel private I not do
I bring the rocks you we can literally
but my style is really the fat girl ever
since I wish I think our little shadow
know everything about this show is is
relatable in my life so right now when
you're going this guy's in the
definition of a supportive family farm
more requires heavy cream ice cream we
did this we did this challenge our
children with Carlene Hilton Monica
pylon even more kind
Sydney often for me I love the words of
it I want more bows when i'm exid should
encourage me because you know it's my
goal oh then i great off he sort of
satisfied is her life
and here's your picture of fat lot all
right you know I mean what is that OH
what would you just make is just a
mixture like fat well you know there's
some you know there's some there's some
things and shows where they like to over
exaggerate I just wonder if that if this
is an actual real thing like he
literally mixes all that shit and like
she'll
DRO or they need it over you know here
got it was that I do it ever could hmm
after YouTube fall away I undo that I
literally ugly my dipper after eating
Chipotle but like so does like guys I'm
amazing her pants down
holy hell Dominic is a little record is
really good
obviously they can't do every room in
the world
Robert alright I can get on it just by
him rubbing my belly button and it's not
just Sydney he takes pleasure we might
agree see on video with a huge online
following she can earn as much as $600
for a photoshoot know about what they
call feeders at least once a month I
have certain guys that will just send me
money for food in return I liked him in
the video okay cool did you know you're
pretty cool is this you know I'm the one
way my shirt and I caught them and it's
her job her dog you do not know what to
do with it you did not feel I called
earlier she ended your job I guess I
seen her picture on my tumblr look
different really that yeah now that like
I'm seeing it through the picture and I
see her Jay work he's 15 years old
helped her with his shapes
I was actually her photographer for a
little while and it really made her
happy because she's always wanted to be
wait a minute
a little bit for but after everything or
walk yet right open you know Matthew is
so they can walk with me for so many
people ha actually a lot of people it's
really abnormal to see someone of her
size but for me she's always been around
me my entire life
well the cup is that your brother alone
online live a little bit brilliant um
yeah what the Pens I think you could
hey Monica
Sam hi you know how you said likes
defeat yeah a lot of food okay okay
the alternate goal is to like okay okay
really
that's what makes very happy she just
broke you'll not be able to take courage
it's miserable sometimes I just I just
want to go to serum and just wish I
could just rock solid waste god
your life if that's what me happy I'm
not gonna help you do it
I still have Holly's leash is it set and
it sent your fuck I want to be a bell
about hello seeing vague and I love
modeling and it's just what but she's
already obese I see the struggle in her
day-to-day life now
I remember when happen it's like to try
not to cross a hundred people can polish
your eyelid fine thank you Chris very
much was it was like my sister harden
that yeah but remember when she was like
I can get off just by him rubbing my
belly button well what about him like do
they have sex like I'm not sure what
ultimately it's her body we they can
definitely they can definitely go world
even if I'm not here she and Holly gives
us a bigger bowl of pasta and you know I
love her so I'm gonna help her alcohol
in there you drain it in on Monica which
one slimming to be eligible for weight
loss surgery after an ex-boyfriend make
negative comments about this size he was
pretty much pushed me to lose weight
I was only 500 calories a day losing
weight is not makes me happy
my surgery this ladies have a great
supportive boyfriend and that can't even
get it she just soft and squishy and
cuddly and I'm one with her so okay so
she was joking I figure she just has a
hard time meeting yeah
police talked about having children and
if we ever did we were definitely higher
and helpful if it in your something me
and said have usual conceived a baby
before my eyes twice and I miscarried
all time if it offers calling in order
to me to have a day absolutely I think I
honestly probably lose weight she
miscarried twice I didn't know what this
is going to be it more of it like
everywhere
they actually makes beds with like areas
that you can actually leave the restroom
and said would help me clean up and
stuff this is becoming completely
demented another person yeah like what
if he died it would I mean I decided you
know what I'm over this I'm tired of
taking another life instantly but he'll
disappoint you does her brother
half-brother okay if that's how she
wants to be with her life is to be
immobile and it makes her happy
oh boy so everything except music just
like my life and took away a little bit
it would be really funny for our next
video we make this sort of documentary
even this about you
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure to LIKE this video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to my channel and see
more stuff for me and all my friends
shall we go says Shawn thank you so much
for watching all myself keeping it all
myself I really appreciate it alright
guys so my cousin Charlie will give you
know I'm already just got back to the
gym and and he got into a fight with
this guy just what the first thing
Charles says to instigate a fight with
this guy
what
