what the length but I sent you is that I
just got it right now oh hi mommy I
asked her like nothing's nothing like me
yeah it's like we need care do that
tuberculosis when you so that sit inside
when you ask for the sugar and they roll
through you have to be the worst uncle
ever
is this like a Yohe I'm your eyes open
guard
uh-huh how you gonna expect us to have
coffee table when we don't have bacon up
coffee causes pain maybe we think of how
much a hold on the level I got my cell
phone to dish you like a coffee cups I
love it that's big on cleanest donkey
says only more top of coffee a day
all right let's do this Doozer kind of
fuck it over some coffee table base we
go talking for three days can you mr.
coffee news go look at uh right we just
got it online yeah there you go
everything we're coming to pick up stuff
look what the horse will be used
so you're the straw like I'm being asked
yeah I need a big a straw like a full
but uh it looks like looking doesn't
something on this fellow Dom we need
something better than uh can we get a
bulbous drop now Pete business there you
go the chemist oh now this is coffee and
talking
we don't be still next to you all
looking to go be gossiping for hours
you're my new good things gonna be 35
minutes how many people you get babies I
love
uh-huh maybe 30 30 people have come in
here got dedicated all I know honey who
are going out in the parking lot and
these girls are like oh my god we just
went the case to see if we could find
you they're like yeah oh yeah oh my god
it's heavy dude it in real quick oh shit
my it comes all very yo just straighter
went from being fun to be a fucking
hassle because like I get to driving us
actually don't mind it but I'm ready why
does it taste so much better in here he
made us a black continent yeah
especially choice for one yeah that's
why I said James I'm a nice fucking
person he was I don't mess you up
I'm a fucking nice birthday this does
you might mean the truck inside oh yeah
that's all good
remember this I was meeting up with you
and you got like don't get donuts before
I met up with you yeah and you and
Andrew were like in front of uh kabooms
or something and I was like my god Alec
drove up to him and Andrew they were
sitting there and drinking coffee drive
up so I'm like oh okay so y'all not
gonna invite me to coffee and then I
fucking drove up not looking at world
driving any tried to be like going like
sweet off is that ok ok cool see how I
feel about that walking like we have a
window sill ok cool you fucking jump
this curb so hard I like there was no
sunny I probably went from 0 at like
survived without looking in front of me
what's up man Oh with your name name
Robert nice to meet you Robert are gonna
watch the video today i watch the papers
right now you're watching david right
now the football you're gonna watch hard
today
well you're going to be in this one so
you have to watch it he just sees the
big-ass fucking car
I hop over this curve so hard I flew off
the cart it looked like a bucking but
immediately look at heath and Andrew and
there's a sitting there fucking die I
also look like piss now that you know
what fuck y'all boom hi busted I will
yeah it didn't cost you much I actually
caught it was only like 70 bucks so that
rim was so dented though remember when
we would set up sided Dunkin Donuts and
watch people turn into the drive-through
okay so there's a sharp drive-through
where you have to like swing and then go
in there was no way you could just turn
into it because you're going to go over
the curb and this lady was a yellow most
it was like a little lower and she makes
this sharp-ass turn onto the drive-thru
by night it's like we're almost comment
as it's like whoa just watch people
every person would do it it's just a
book
they're just so confident that they made
this carrot just have no idea you
weren't with me with the time that I saw
a guy rear in the cop and the
drive-through so badly okay so what
they're in line and this guy's behind
the cop and he's got like this nice out
car and he's just sitting there and you
can tell he like doesn't know how to
drive that thing
so he fucking jumped it and Bane having
in the back of the cop like that only
moving I looked at his face and he was
just like fuck the cops us out and like
he just liked it so they come open the
door he walks out he's just like goes up
he's like I'm so sorry like I jumped a
gear like all gods and then the cops
like walking around like checking the
car nothing like that happen in the cop
car but it was his guy got fucked I was
i god I don't worry about it and then
the cop got back in it was like his
punishment was like so embarrassing
those two rear end the cops say nothing
happens to your car like yeah and the
cop not do anything about it it just
makes them look so very in line behind
them all oh this is in the drive-through
everybody's been watching lady this is
this is raw it's a pain in the dick okay
baby here's a life - oh you're gonna get
me like this no no no no we're gonna
we're going to give them a life - oh you
don't need life today be perfect if you
ever get caught cheating
remember if you ever get caught cheating
by your man or your woman or your they
catch you right there you're cheating
you go straight up to them and you go oh
what when where why and now because I
know you just Andy baby yes I did
I'm sorry
no your dinner because who what when
where why and how
that's it that's and you'll get away
with it because we've all gone away with
it baby who what when where why now give
me the five W's and m1h who did you see
her who what when why exactly all the
five W's and you get away with anything
your teacher catches you cheating on the
test mrs. peach hole why way where why
now spit I want to get my food okay go
my mouth always in my mouth what my gum
scared me but I got juice bomb oh my bra
he landed right here and I felt it was
like boom we get you on the beat just
like other my religion too because I
guess I was like you wouldn't believe
make it funny you wouldn't believe who
I'll just all good be careful then be
sometimes they dirty and you might break
out in hives ha ha ha ha behind me Oh
Eliza lies oh oh my god I miss this
place so much
February 1st we're out of here it's
weird dawn make we're literally moving
out and like we are they're still here
until March 1st so we gonna be here I'm
not you could come you're gonna come
here visit write about content you
better come see me of content who's
gonna do coffee sauce I should be off on
someone else
y'all if you do coffee talk with
somebody else Boyka Boyka poppycock is
not saying hahaha
oh that was actually we took a baby
Kaka time over guys
again yeah it was just one more time one
more time one more time please okay fine
well my humps are flooded with things
about my editing you can never get away
with it
I don't like a maniac I just cut my
wallet like I'm shaky because my phone
everybody that goes on their phone is
shaky
Scott I've watched your vlogs at your
shit shaky when you blow on your phone
Gaby ships shaking wish you home to her
blog I've seen our blog that's just
shaking all over the place because the
phone doesn't have a stabilizer okay you
look I'm shitting right right now I'm
shaking but you can't see it shake
because the camera just has like a
stable I don't know whatever the camera
has it has a thing where it gives you
stable but it fo doesn't have it
Krista okay when I edit myself my little
quick cause is because I stutter too
much and you have a in the video where
you lady don't cut out no I couldn't do
it because my stuttering nose was just
way too bad I think it's worth if I
can't all be started at all like the
video this is why I said I look autism I
don't know
oh my god was an idea I mean yeah it
gives people stroke but it's a fun
stroke you know it's so big you remember
like that just kind of gave me an
epileptic seizures day I mean it's a
fire ballistas feature but it's so a
signature economics my dad has stroke
that's not fun man if people are going
to keep complaining about it there's one
solution just delete your whole channel
okay you see now that's it that's just
rude alright guys thanks for watching
make sure like the debates you enjoyed
it and subscribe to my channel if you
wanna see more stuff for me and all my
friends where my videos in you're in the
video right now look yeah the end when
at the beginning of the middle for my
man Z last resort there's no you know
how I do my videos baby stayed the best
for life
me man
if you want to be a lot like oh god
nothing on our place so I'm gonna go bed
with a real hero I'm not innovative like
this I got to
