you
I can't record and drive at the same
time so you wanna oh you want me to come
over yeah listen Santa you know what I
want for Christmas I trip to Japan let's
go how do I look how do I look you look
great I think I got his in I got to put
on some Clearasil he has a little bit of
a date tonight and he wants a national
it's the for our activation time and the
date is like into so oh god hopefully
this will work we went to Target he goes
oh my god it looks like this is bad what
is this I don't clean the floor cuz I
spilled on there's dirt literally on the
spot wash my face before the day you
want to drive that okay I'll Drive it's
gotta get my good angle every time you
film me from this side I look like a
damn turkey that's just the angle that I
got to do say no to driving a g-wagen
Wow beauty is in the Hat of the beholder
okay consider over the past you know
five years six years I just always wear
high cuz I don't like what man let me
show every time I want to make my hair
look nice with Jonah put it up there's
always look I'm supposed to have hair
all in there but you you can't there's
no hair and then over here on this side
what I want to go this way
this is just all it's just a big giant
receding hairline and just very and very
insecure about it that is the reason why
I always wear hats all the time is
killing your hair I understand that so
there's this thing that people do that
have my problem is Sallah cold
transplants or they pull your actual
hairs and they'd read place like every
single follicle only wear your hair
supposed to grow yes yes only where it
should have grown exactly it's not we've
been looking at options for Zayn either
getting the toupee getting hair clip-on
extensions or going to the extreme range
is a hair but you know what let's start
small and then work our way up I'm gonna
first buy like a little extension to
there's these little click things or you
kind of clip on the on the corner of
your hair and then it goes down and they
like move around with it's like it's
pretty he's gonna clip those on it like
within 1 hour at the club hunty wig
smash here to be at the club you dancing
girl like oh my god I love your hair
he's gonna pull it out that's not
supposed to happen that's gonna be
talked about more throughout the months
cuz I think I'm gonna try to do whatever
I can to fix this problem I have it
might not be a problem a lot of people
can't just deal with it but hey you know
I'm gonna try oh my goodness gracious
let's just shave your head go ball there
are plenty of famous balls there on any
of famous ball people Gandhi Gandhi
Bruce well Bruce Willis looks actually
really good with a bald head
like there's people that look like my
dad looks really good with a bald head
high oh so it's just genetics I don't
think there's anything we can do it's
just it is what we can do and that's two
words Beverly Hills early Hills cosmetic
I wish I have as good of hair as Jason
does when I'm his age it's just like a
SoCal surfer boy oh my god this is too
good to be true
how much is it what about card okay
we'll go get camera
was in those boxes our mom find out
those girls feel like cookie boxes were
only two dollars so she's just like good
job girl then we go back though excuse
me we're gonna be exposing all of you
welcome to my humble abode Matt's house
looks like a panic room because I'll be
a bug the cozy critter imagine girls go
girls at your door table ready to go
open up anything you want some Oh attack
along I'll do two for $10 how about we
make it one for $20 Girl Scout cookies
in this economy take Bitcoin are you
guys up charging by two dollars she's
like hey your eyes are closed all right
we just got off the bus my eyes have
been covered but I took off the
blindfold and only my hands were there
the surprise for me days if you wouldn't
give me a trip to Japan I decided to
give you a trip so you can maybe
hopefully one day consider the
possibility of I don't know offending me
to Japan I don't know this was a
two-hour drive so where do you think we
are all the windows were covered because
we were in some party bus so I didn't
know where we're going
ready ready three two wah
they're it's our big bro man welcome to
your cute and cozy cabin all the way in
Big Bear California come along on the
journey one a to ask Italy deadliness
when you feelin a little frizzy go take
a dip in the guys look at that what are
we doing here exactly
oh we're here for a brand deal help you
with the brain I don't know I know I
know it was really funny that we're here
for a brandy I thought this was supposed
to be a surprise for me scratch your
back you scratch mine okay very
confident man if you do montage belts do
this tour quiz I can't film too much out
here we're skiing though nightmare has
been completely recreated except this
time I'm kind of good skiers a magic me
sucking with all this we're out here
because now I got a brandy I can't tell
you what Brian though because they're
not paying me to play who is this crazy
man out of little babies literally she's
going ten times Austin like it's a
breeze it's really embarrassing if Gigi
were there they came in get herself TD
is out here wearing a tiara
she's like this is completely barbaric
one of the most primitive ways of
recreation honestly I don't know how you
Americans Yugi
try smiling oh my god you better shut
your mouth before you attack whoa just
use shut your mouth
guys we just finished skiing we had the
same uber driver from last night that's
exciting
what's your name Cheyenne one ride
oh yeah great recommendation is we had a
blast
yeah play the noise there's a rusty
supply and we're not sure if it worked
or not
this is a bad idea I feel like this
hasn't been touched since 1986 at your
own risk
great now I can't sue anybody because it
doesn't look safe who wants to go first
not you why this is made for kids Eames
what so you can write it but I can paint
let's just say your little overly
blessed we do a slight gentle push oh my
god oh my god gonna go from this to this
so I like in Curtis the weight limit on
these things guys Gigi
somebody get this man some melody
careful you almost hurt us almost heard
you guys that's the big kind of want to
try you should try it look at God this
is a bad idea this is gonna snap the
whole tree is like moving alright well
it looks like it's already like lost
tension more droopier used to be really
tight that's their baby tell that fat
ass to get off my lawn boy break the
neighbors are complaining there is some
large man no worries how dare you you
know it's true alright guys thanks for
watching make sure liked this video if
you enjoyed it and subscribe to I had to
go and see more stuff for me and all my
friends out of the week goes to
Christian thank you so much give me a
lot myself watching all my buddies
really appreciate it I'm just really one
more time
why did you fix my hair I hated my hair
thinking of that yeah my good must have
missed that and time I'm sure dude she
really likes hearing that yeah it's a
really big actress and so called
standard pump rules I got to a couple
five as a host that doesn't give you any
credibility and I think I want to be an
actress
um then why have you been begging Zayn
to vlog you the entire time just making
some
