what's up guys I got this I am 25 I'm
going on fun
Jerris sometimes I used to bartend God
what are you doing the audition audition
for what for reality TV everything about
videos blown up fucking YouTube shit we
carry on carry up Gary we'll have a
little surprise for you guess I started
off Amazon yesterday and iPhone
stabilize it so people don't have to
worry about my sake yeah I'd like to
think about my viewers you know that is
I care about them that is really
thoughtful I back out respecting others
but remember Charles II was in the mud
you caught that armadillo that marburg a
lot of our Matilda how you know Talmud
all carry leprosy I didn't know that
you're not you should learn about your
animal a little bit more did you know
that before that nothing
ah here we go these are the Harry Odin
I'm gonna miss this part so much I'm one
either I guys want to update on the rut
well we got update on the rest and right
here is with his three-feet here put it
in plain sight it's within three feet of
right here yeah hold on we know it it's
that bad oh my god that's the rapture
out that's the wrap now it looks like a
monster nameless is that like coming off
I get that heavy let's open it ah so
ever since we've showed everybody that
us we hung out their videos like when
people saw they were just like holy shit
Todd is like in a reality show really
really enjoyed that and I did too I
think we need to throw Todd back in a
reality TV show I'm gonna say some of
the comments that I saw it like people
were commenting like oh now everyone
wants to be Todd friend and put him in
their videos because he was not even
yeah
are we going to keep do now I got some
special Mortes give me the next video I
can't wait it's so like it's going to be
connected with our I can't hear myself
baby re
you rush to the gas station for what did
your lung gonna collapse if you'll have
a cigarette in Thailand no I've never
been this long without one no but but
this is surprise that I have for you
it's for its for both of us and I
usually give them a surprise up for you
too because it because it might be it
might be two of it
and it has to be a case but yeah that's
why you asked it all important yes no
question you know what's your names
again
god I'm its own Emmanuel Emmanuel Hudson
those are like the first guys I feel
like we watch it we like wanders like to
shit my gun during a role model and
spoken me Spoken Reasons that's the
other guy his name is spoken right he's
like crazy because less is really and
like when you who was he before those if
you all spoken reason I'm and then with
me he was in the movie he was like this
credit just fuckin be okay let's go do
this since we going to the south oh we
came in
you know what I want baby we got paid by
Sophia to do that fucking that bitch we
get salvation how are you Oh baby I got
it you got you got me last time I want
to see my credit card number - and a
pack of Marlboro light oh my god real
excited oh my god no way I love it when
the rats are fucking it's like poops
everywhere - oh man oh my god
where was the other truck see that thing
right there yeah I think you know
fucking drop think it's headed in the
trash
no oh my god cuz it's taken forward hold
on you want rubber glove after that day
I went home and I would say get up like
oh my god I live with father three home
alabama'
that girl and I wanted to win if people
didn't know if I was real or not did it
come from your heart where you just like
fucking I'm jeweled for the money you
know they came for my date until about
three weeks afterwards nothing really I
wasn't out for about to do a super dress
oh that's a good restraint drink John
and then by the time of my second day
that was so surreal and I feel it I'm
over the web what were you and your by
contractors like you are now bridging
Klaas battle for home I try to like plan
some cameras I'll be done but you know
what Todd you're not a quitter
and that's why you stayed on the show
baby you got top three you're about to
take that girl home and guess what this
part was really any woman I was
repainted and so she said you were a
Langley I have long employed kids I mean
cool yeah I'm getting your cigarettes
ooh yes yeah am I getting the triggers
much promote the lung cancer do having
oh then it's gonna look good too late
started in in the mornings oh you ready
oh my click my number oh no my identity
uh boom boom boom belly up you hit
fuckin Indies well all right let's make
a commercial for this dude I'm so
thirsty what should we drink I don't
know
I'm just so excited for this ice called
Celsius sparkling watermelon flavor to
really quench my thirst and they're not
paying up for this not at all
oh wow Cheers
I love Celsius mmm crisp I wonder if
people actually think we are like
sponsored by selfies oh we drink it so
much that it looks like we are but I
wonder if we were like wow they're
getting I'm just surprised Celsius
hasn't hit us up right then we're gonna
send you a whole college I don't know
literally saved me three dollars a month
off a lot once you show these kids how
to pack a cigarette step one
paid a bitch to the rim I've got a
canker Sala tobacco go to the front no
oh my god I totally thought I was gonna
be bigger based on the tale you follow
me oh that's me what that smelled like
shit
Wow now I'm like excited to move out
yeah please you gotta go look Oh God
looking go the rest of the geese travel
like a cigarette it is terrific for
people oh my oh my god sobs up to you
where those are more like whatever we're
in LA like we're in Huntington Beach I
said yeah it's like a normal thing I
ever say and I got marketing and it
would play to show through is amazing
everybody drink them your own fingers
like that baby don't you see where you
have just celebrity birthday yeah I
think that which is we just up like
those talk back on a reality TV show
fuck this whole YouTube thing you know
whatever surely for the Bachelorette I
mean I already saw you I saw you
auditioning for that one show yeah yeah
you can talk about it now we are you
going to realize you show okay so what
does a reality TV real look like it's
just a bunch of fighting and drinking
into it I'm up on a big red
I'm Instagram too bad you're gonna have
to give them wet yeah anybody in LA
trying to buy a truck fucking drive it
to you
pizzas selling or what you said 12 grand
over there and they go no you have to
understand this is the heat to start
Regina Keith drove this truck put an
extra controller I put it up on my
Craigslist I'm like rhymes gray a/c
blows cold never been smoking the smell
of this truck is no cigarettes no it
actually doesn't smell like cigarettes
no I know it doesn't just smells like 13
okay I'm just surprised you don't have
your own brand of cigarettes yeah that's
what I'm kind of confused about
Washington College the hussar six pussy
six pieces happiest marketers the heat
pipes the heat the heat and smoke movie
Justin sighs want to want to buy good
loser
well like a bag of animal we get back
I'm sorry let me show is that sounds
really doesn't sound bad I start growing
tobacco in our backyard let me who's
good oh my god go ah bullshit oh fuck it
runs out jumps on my face fuck that
oh my god still nervous is the big
you
for you now the gallon show would be so
easy because because I basically show
all of the lucky ability shows all that
remotely everyone's long
what was your per diem everyday every
day we give all the groceries all the
alcohol is good for clothes wherever we
need it in the show yeah dude as long as
you get your per diem who cares about
the girl in the show it's all the
fucking money huh Zuzu I'll be like oh I
can't pull you over during the draw oh
my god they can't pull you over Ben not
much a cop I wonder the drive a safe
no a cop has knocked on my door because
I spent home Marge and I ran to my house
he found my car knocked on my door he
could do me too but he didn't but he was
just like letting me know I thought it
was like home base like Freitag call the
police chase that was fucking hot bro
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure liked this video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to my channel want to see
more stuff for me and all my friends
like Scotty over here shot of the week
goes to Megan thank you so much and it's
gonna be over your face by the way thank
you so much Megan or keeping up with all
my stuff watching my videos giving me
all the support that you can I really
appreciate that you know what I just
want to let everybody know not everybody
but just it's your people yeah if it's
your birthday today just happy birthday
not most people
first whoever's birthday it is ah no I
think that was really cool is I just
like happy birthday I don't understand
why because nobody's really said happy
birthday to them and now I've said every
birth date in them and we're not going
to feel so disclose it wait what about
everyone who's birthday
isn't today I just want this one
who said I rat job of the guy that came
to the truck yesterday well he knows
exactly what he's doing
husband sir we would try to get the IRA
or not we but I wasn't even trying to
get that rat port here this whole thing
booty yeah no yeah I was just kidding
she don't get the joke
it came rather still alive oh my god I'm
not even the one where's the name of the
rat and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is
not all right you got it and now you put
it in the trash can
he'll be a long time when you kill that
fucking anything doesn't really pitch
very well
