that you you available to hang out with
us and then you weren't going to be able
you got to give me more of a warning I
like to match you when you say because I
couldn't even think about a lot of play
so I just stopped them instead of like
match this if you can't do it that quick
give me no warning I'm a pretty good you
ready bitch oh now I am good I don't
know we had a fucking jungle gym back
here oh my god I'm shaking again I'm so
nervous you're here baby I know I can't
get you out though damn I put my phone
on a charger because my shits about a
tad low dude I just try to show this on
camera I don't plug that's why we don't
work in the real world and have real
jobs yes because we don't even know
simple simple comes all right guys we
don't have coffee today we have protein
shake as a baby which on a game to shave
yeah we gotta do something as a team we
both gained what 35 40 pounds this is
just too much and then all these fuck
everybody wants he's sending us treats
and Snickers and Papas you were doing so
good for so long and it was the trip to
Florida and it wasn't even like to begin
because we stayed strong in the
beginning it was like towards and we're
like oh whatever fuck it and dude like
I've told my soul my exams you're going
to get into shape because your mom
expects you to be thinner but I didn't
come back because every time she call
them like younger in the gym every day
I'm eating better
I come home 25 pounds heavier than I was
before one of the baby and then my mom
want to bring out the holiday treats and
all that I'm just like fall and then and
know the thing is they'll get pissed
when you don't eat it I made all of
these treats for Christmas you really
don't want to be no mama don't you come
you come on pescetarian your mom's like
my hope is pot roast so I found out two
nights ago that these kids actually met
on tinder is this funny how when I would
come over and you'd be on tinder I would
just see you go through a bunch of guys
and why price just to like fuck with Oh
am i doing it now
in my everyday news place like everybody
until it ran a like a limited amount and
then you just go through the messages
and they're all just so stupid you know
I feel really special here anyways
all right so we're all happy you're back
I mean even though it doesn't look like
we're happy yeah guys a disclaimer when
he came home when David is awful
surprised you don't understand how of
the Saturday where that I was no no
you're so tired we were just not in the
best mood and David wanted to bring an
animal that he was like dude this is the
only time I could rent this I'm like
David save it we're not in the mood
right now it's 11:45 at 9:00 he's like
George's she's not gonna be able to an
extra Kim I've been wait till next week
what the book comes out to be tonight
and then he came in and then he came out
and we were just in the worst mood Oz of
the planet I know and my Eagles a little
sad that I was just like fogged and I
didn't even know how to like come for
you that I was just like I don't even
know what to do at this point I was just
like let's just wait till the next day
let's wait till tomorrow it's a new day
I just thought it was really funny like
I get it you guys stayed up till
midnight
I'm free until 4:00 yeah last day was
old word I couldn't react looking
Kristin was sleeping for hours and woke
up to everybody being loud in the living
room sees me in comes running out more
excited than anybody let's not forget
that I just saw you fucking what a week
and a half two weeks ago so like that
didn't help either but like when you
came out I guess we got silent and I was
just like petty mode on I'm steady bitch
that's on a David or even of David felt
that he was just like without the bad
reaction I'm like oh shit when he was
like let's take the reaction I was like
saying I'm not gonna make my friends
being excited that I'm home like that's
terrible but he if you really think
about it that would have happened to any
of us and all that we'd had to have
reacted again just the major thing in
Scotty came home that reaction would
have been son as well a little bit like
a nerd and I was going through something
I'm like oh he's actually really cheap
so I went to his profile and I had a
youtube channel now my hold on you got a
new suit
you're just earners I need therapy yes I
watch some of their videos and I was
like oh they're funny and they can say
those like literally said I love your
YouTube channel I went through what I
thought I was a thank you YouTube
channel just I can't call it here check
it out I'm Michelle from do pards was
thrilled to see me did you guys go there
when I was going yeah I went there a
couple times was it the same I'm just
kidding no no one that it was it wasn't
the family alright second it was better
guys it is raw trying to find a place
actually one of the waitress cuts
connected I want it's got to come in
because poor Scott I didn't put in blast
blog or this lug so it's really hard
about we knocked on his door and he did
not even he tech seems like we're you
guys that were like we're about to pull
it it's like okay super swaggy ultra
swaggy all just like we knock what five
minutes later no answer it's like baby
if you be and they just tell us don't be
all Oilers laggy give this front are you
you available to hang out with us and
then you weren't going to be able you
got to give me more of a warning I like
to match you when you say because I
couldn't even think of it a lot of play
so I just stopped the room I always said
it like master says you can't do it that
quick give me no one is I'm a pretty
good dude I have a present for you next
week for next video what a credit now
which is just it's not the time right
now it like doesn't fit in what we're
doing right now is your holiday next
week no no just next video is no holiday
nothing is just something it's an item
that will only be special next video
baby you're gonna pay up on my loans you
better do it now I need it big I know no
like it's like a big sack you know when
you ring the doorbell have like a whole
reality view coming right over world of
illusion shit what is that for -
something home shit you get like five
thousand dollars a week for life you
know good that sounds like there's
people that wand everyone that yeah and
they're fucking you know it's crazy if
they give you five thousand a week for
life and then once you died you get to
pick one person that it goes to and they
get five thousand a week for life Oh
once you're done yeah so if you have a
get granted if you have a grandkid you
could pass it on to them because they'll
live like another like 80 years as a
grandkid I'd be sitting there waiting
for them to duck fuck you say need a
coke a photogram I'll make you tea today
oh shit looks like those
I would never do that you know what I
love your mom's wow oh my god my
favorite she's got thing for her it's
like one of those like please left it's
one of those laughs that make you laugh
you know you got your mom like my cousin
talk and she doesn't like letting people
go like you know you know I like I have
to do something chief just keep talking
she just keeps laughing at your joke you
know that you loved when we were
laughing I'm gonna be wheezing when I'm
older I wheeze right now people like get
scared with my love like you have a very
powerful app it scares people when I
love it makes me look like I laugh at
everything anyways alright so what we're
talking about that yeah the house I'm
kidding come on sorry babysit to take a
seat we're going to talk about a certain
thing but you ignore this when we
knocked on the door so and what's more
important hanging out with us or taking
a shower I don't want to be dirty well
exactly grab a seat and sit down boobs
feel like every time you could take a
knee that's like your designated spot
right there all right for the kids who
are watching their own school don't
think they don't teach you in school
it's very important when you get older
is credit you cannot do anything if you
don't have either good credit or if you
don't have any credit you can pay all
your bills on time and everything with
like a debit card doesn't matter if
you're paying on time or not your credit
doesn't exist it doesn't go up and so
when you want to get a car or an
apartment or a house or anything that
you need in life they're just not going
to take you it doesn't matter how much
money you have it doesn't matter how
good you are it does not have nice you
are to matter what you look like you
will not get a house car apartment or
anything which brings us to our next
point we can't get a house I like to pay
it all myself just with my debit card
and I oh my god I'm lying right now I'm
actually I don't do my bills on time I
just didn't want to say it is the only
thing I'm the only thing we lie about
hopefully disagree with me all right so
someone like me this is a thing I pay
with my credit card I have a car that I
pay off and that's supposed to build
credit stuff like that but I have a
credit checker and I watch my points go
up and down I pay my credit card off
every two weeks or something but
something about the statement you have
to pay it as like the right time so
we're it's my credit score doesn't even
exist it's not a zero it's not an like
it it's I it's like in completely
like at all we're trying to find a place
right now and like you know we really
would like another house so you guys can
get the same feel for us like we get to
do the same stuff in a big backyard of
the pool because none of us want to be
in an apartment because in apartment you
limit your creativity like you can't do
much in an apartment we can't throw a
trampoline get a kool-aid are exactly
where we can't put dry ice in a pool
without a forum and can't fill it with
Orbeez or snakes and it is exactly why
we can't exactly and it's not just
credit it's also like okay maybe one
person has good credit but he has no
money there's always something like
nobody's perfect we're just going to get
denied so every place that we fucking
apply to we could be living somewhere
that has a big backyard like the park
down the street all we got to do is get
strong cardboard and just fucking lemon
now we have a big backer we could do
whatever the hell we lay my money bitch
exactly maybe even if mind we could go
to Home Depot get some good buy for it
really structured he built a road people
to Reno's I think that's a great idea
we get to build our own room size like
if you want the master bedroom we could
all have master bedrooms we don't defy
to that everyone has a bathroom just
right outside there that's exactly Oh
thanks for watching make sure to LIKE
and subscribe if you liked it yeah oh
shout out to issues this is the rest I
don't know how to rest but this is going
to be the rest that Scott came up with
I'm here pretend I came up with it it's
once the adnd really really pretty and
he's a little bitty and she's only
saying busy that's all I got I only came
before all cuz they're gonna be doing
something oh yeah
don't tell me
why do jeans and flip-flops never look
okay to me okay rude I think it looks
very nice when I wear jeans in football
I never feel like I look good my name
for four years in high school you wore
teens on flip-flops
you don't think I hated it unless you
because I don't think I had I hated
school I just didn't want to look good
in two as I do how do you never gonna
get a go coming you're never gonna get
my like this that's why you didn't have
friends I just didn't want to like look
good this once the ACA she always a city
is really really pretty a she but me I
fucked up
