sir I'd really like it Tony but he's on
bourbon keeps talking to other customers
alright guy that told you to ask me some
questions on snapchat I forgot to tell
you that I was gonna be with these three
guides all taking questions right now so
just keep snapping me at Dana Josie and
if you're not in this video just asking
the question that I'll answer them later
to you guys straight through ChaCha
alright from Haley Oh from Abby
Rocio six this face signed them
yesterday and he said you told me was
gonna come the third when I was at home
all done today and of course he said
he's not gonna come home and it down
because they said I smelled bad you
smell really bad
I was working hard I was you haven't
taken a shower let's recreate Eliza
music please all morning are you really
I want to do that what she doesn't know
she doesn't move her hand ball it's her
feet in her face so it's her hands I was
i want like this and i was like starting
to sweat and I was really nervous too
bad can I react to you reacting to Liza
music just gonna do so good bro Morris
also to it
that's my pair what I don't know from
music Dell can go on a road trip right
now where would you go and hide Rockies
no why I'd go to Hawaii with Liza he's
in the camera so I can mean it to you
all over there he's like this why am I
not in it saying from a Rebecca love
1998 be beaten up beaten up by Scotty do
you want to be clean what do you want to
be your last like fucking agent
let's keep coming back
I don't know why everyone knocks - hello
Jane would you why do you want to die
for Madison land I can't do that from
Amy
II still david dobrik tesla if you went
out of town for a couple of days now
pastas a dangerous tanner
you can't steal my Tesla nice try
bitches someone wants your Tesla anyways
yeah we wanted more sexier version
Watterson's I'm literally the best
version Scott no you're just like a
surrogate mom he always wants the best
Tesla I was like I want to test it - and
David goes once you get like the cheaper
Tesla though yeah you were like I might
testify on a budget so I'm like okay get
the cheaper Tesla I never said I was on
a budget he just assumed that I was on a
budget it doesn't pay me enough from
Sunita where is he
bliss crawfish you are friend just David
and you still use appreciate more
followers don't was it a question
now I was getting so real you're friends
with David and you still use him for
cleaning your like please so far not so
my question is if you could be in the
movie with any actor which actor would
it be Liza no shoes game of Buddha Game
of Thrones Khaleesi all right from NK
Jen would you ever consider doing a tour
and coming to Houston Texas I don't know
David are you ever go on tour probably
not it had to pay lon you know they'd
have to piss each like 20 million
dollars we just watched Jason Cameron on
Netflix and whoops drama I played okay
my per diem on this tour I'm gonna fuck
I totally took tossed Taylor commando
I'm gonna fuck you so hard a little
pussy
okay let's robably a nice kitchen made
him look so bad on the show we were
watching it and they would not stop
talking about cameras hair really nice
care right Rose Oh Diddy Roseau tape oka
Hannes oh I knew you know I didn't tell
Adam no arrow yeah eyes everybody so
goddamn racing it was a good one I loved
the part when she jumps off the cliff
into the water I always liked reenacted
that scene every time I was on a diving
board and I used to sit there every 10
miles below me nice and doesn't ISA I
always used to reenact that scene I was
like how the fuck did you survive they
used to jump off a cliff I used to
reenact it from jazzing below uncle fuck
this is from bos actual company it's my
surprisingly personal life has changed
after you decided to start a career in
social media
yes correct it's just not a fun question
at all the area I was 16 minutes trying
to biography your body is a lot more
forced hanging out like David does even
come over to hang Garden where he comes
over to either watch Jason Cameron or
vlog us shake your camera you don't have
Netflix at home no yeah so I don't have
good friends at home cheese or scrubs
you know that was the point of this
Karma's day everybody gets one hit -
David oh thank you ease resolve our law
really always get hard good shit like
money oh you smell fucking disgust oh I
don't
okay guys is an old shirt that's why one
change of shirt real quick
is it that bad really it's not just just
get smell put a blanket on it thank you
I can't smell this on your Metheny smell
hmm Betsy bug good question we get
banished shut the fuck up we get big you
just be enemies coffee straight with a
little bit of creamer a little bit of
sugar Splenda mix it up stir it up in
there and stuff - what'd they do
yeah that's a lot of fucking sugar
that's not a lot of sugar it comes with
so much you know it doesn't come with
cup milk come
vehicle database I'm sure Harley loves
you I don't know we'll find out
well I'll manage it how do i center
daddy's little turtle daddy that's kinky
Turtles what's yours
it's a lion and a tiger she asked that
question now I start you do I go out I
go to the beach where's your favorite
bath while I to argl said bitch if you
have to kill someone how would you do it
food writer Internet it would be in the
observatory with the candlestick bye
khlo no mustard because of the game you
guys get it a lot of you kids would get
it because you are say me I find me I
don't get it shot right there
politely and listen I sent back with the
brain I'm sorry please it's what time
it's 201 oh here Sophie alright this bit
front Desiree Los Angeles I can't fuck
it here Jason it was Carly's dad can't
wait to meet say he seems like a very
nice little fuck
he's coming back god damn it why I gotta
be so adorable Carolina no but he has a
Tesla last year Jason someone asks a
question about you hold people job is
broken you why are you so exclusive to
David stuff all the time
I fucking every every day do you like
blogging with him because you get to
vlog with Josh Peck and all we have is
fucking Scottie and Todd look hey what
I'm being nice right now is it true all
the time I text you all funny time you
texted me once oh my god does a petty
chest
yesterday night sexy and I talked to you
yesterday and you are going out of your
way
let's go fuck let's go father David fuck
you and Josh back I asked you to do
stuff all the time and you are always
annoying
Bernie let's go out for lunch tomorrow I
guess should I call me down here look at
you I was like okay alright sorry
because my dad flew in from all the way
from fucking border Jason you don't have
to be you can't be about all you have to
say it I wasn't best tell you about it
was I talking to him and wait every time
I know I don't sell them no you're wrong
Carly do I sound annoyed when I talk
today yes what are you talking about
sometimes today so touchdown it like you
you were literally Natalie today okay I
know I did
okay bye cuz I was done with the
conversation Jason come on
geez what are you doing what is it what
when rich people play around around this
is my coffee spot is it yeah it is hey
guys
no Jason juicy kiss you Oh Jason you
gotta pay for that she has money back
here this is like we have a guy oh look
what I'm doing is like you don't work
today he called in sick today
oh I go this quick bit all right I have
a gun in the house like a fake gun let's
just pretend you're robbing him buddy
good right it'll be a cool job you don't
mean to come no not gonna fucking stand
on it with a gun doughnut shop you know
what people wanted sure I'd really like
it Tony but he's not for the money just
keeps talking to other customers - I got
the doughnut oh I need this job
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure to LIKE this video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to my channel if you
want to see more stuff from me and all
my friends who is she it's really funny
actually
oh look there's something bar anymore no
no no it was a Georgina
and twist like a damn contortionist
kinda money
this is great I broke my $200 trampoline
ready yeah this is done yet let me let
me help you oh so close
any later Scott you fucking suck does it
work yeah
