you know why we're doing this huh what
this yo 69 flock yeah all right so my
last video posted on YouTube was a video
of Heath and I reacting somewhere old
Irvine tamed in this video I got more
than two three hundred comments all
saying how bad my editing was and I I
didn't understand why cuz I edited that
video just like I edit all my other
videos but just for some reason it was
that video that everybody was commenting
that and I watched it again I just I
didn't understand why people working me
such bad feedback on it so I decided to
go some of my friends to give me their
feedback on my editing skills I think
your editing is really good even though
I haven't seen one of your videos yet
but I know that it's good you look like
someone that can in it you know just the
way I edit you know my quick cuts of my
videos yes I mean it's pretty cool it's
like it's like your own things like how
quickly you at it and like how horrible
it is you guys don't know what he's
talking about bad in here here's an
example saying I want to I mean you come
into me cuz my editing is good but
honestly I don't have a problem with
your editing at all I think your camera
shaking she's really bad boy honestly
when you're holding the camera it's like
you have like Tourette's or like
arthritis on it you're shaking right now
cause I'm not even shaking you that's EW
I'm seen really quick how do you feel
about my editing Christine I'm too
fucking high for this shit is my editing
bad just be honest I don't I've got
another copyright claim on my video I
could get two shits about your video
editing right now do you think my
culture too quick you fuck that's it too
quick I don't give a shit about your
cuts no - so you've never seen any of my
videos have you ever seen my vines at
least are you saying you're Zane getting
the you desert winds right that's not
fair you see oh my god that part okay
but would you rather see it like that or
see it like this saying I want to go
it's like it's really epileptic it's
really quick it's like Jesus Christ it's
like a strobe light going off inwards
oh yeah but let's be for real my editing
is like at least decent right
your anything's good you're editing it's
fun you get a watch new video
oke that's all I can say I don't care I
don't care right now I'm angry okay if
you had one word to describe how I edit
my videos what would be the word fine
I actually think your editing is really
good in fact I texted you that and you
started doing your gloves that was such
a pity text if you pay what the fuck
does that mean
it's a pity Tech when you detest you
feel bad for anything my bollocks sucks
all you would Texas a real fucked up in
the head I'm not I'm not fuck them up I
can see the psychiatrist subscribers oh
my god
sometimes one like I'm watching a bit
you'll edit it together in such a weird
way you're like chop every word up and
then when someone coughs you'll chop
just the coffin which you won't even
take the cop up I'm gonna put it in
it'll be like hi thank you really think
that I actually want your pity
oh come on if you want to see some good
editing though you can come on down and
watch my videos I know you already do
write down some notes thanks bye okay
baby oh are you gonna edit this to make
me look happy
somehow you gonna put this put a smile
on my face with your editing skills can
you do that with your editing then no
never mind your editing skills suck if
you can't make me look happy now you
know why I put your YouTube video under
copyright do you copy
you think I do you think I just happened
brother gives you a Christmas present
you're like a fucking pity time make
people feel bad for you in like you know
it's somebody someone gives you a
compliment
first of all I didn't text back I take
them off remember how you like double
texting I like to give a little space
when I text below and which I never
faced you know like a day or two or
three it was David he owns the Tesla
there same he doesn't know how to add
okay you see like really cool I like job
top crop top tiers can use that song you
sabotage me oh hi Manny
so Marcus Johnson anyone Choiza because
I emailed you just laughs why don't you
email I texted you guys don't eat ducks
okay you don't touch me back either so I
know that's right that's a real story
every Texan hey I saw you running on my
sidewalk done you in touch back okay but
I just saw him I literally
like Marcus Jones but you don't care
about me because you text a him I get it
okay but I talk to the twice after I saw
him running on a sidewalk but he didn't
text me back after that I get it I'm old
and I'm not as important as all these
cute young guys in the photo I get it my
younger thomas scott eq young guys he's
the most handsome in the house
todd he's a good-looking kid but I don't
like I don't think he's God's gift to
the world like if I'm gonna say the
cutest guy in the house I'd say it is ha
me I mean like okay you have another
decent looking guy is really handsome
without question you shouldn't closed
off a lot I am close enough I like to
close my door and sometimes people barge
in my room exactly we were talking about
how good-looking people are in the house
and now we're sorry life update guys I
gained about 10 15 pounds since I've
been home because I you like shit just
like I do every day and so I'm coming
back to LA and I want to eat better yeah
but last night you're like I'm gonna do
better we're gonna look better and then
he opens up mail and someone sent him 18
someone sent me 18 snicker bars
unnecessary amount of Snickers now in
our house I ate three last night what is
this a Snickers promo you eat through
because what they're so delicious that
you just can't keep your hands off of
them right so we're talking ball right
now
I hurt you sir I'll do 400 tacos I think
he's being an idiot I'll do three spicy
two sweets
400 cups of water you guys remember when
I ordered 400 tacos I knew I would ah
you know why he's new right well because
they fired the staff that lets you order
every single person is replaced
enhancing the food he's shaking sir you
want 400 tacos dude we're gonna do a
MOOC eBay all right so Taco Bell got
this new talk hey come on
not a full fucking brandy okay
alright guys thanks for watching make
sure to like this video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe in my channel if you
want to see more stuff me and all my
friends I was good right
Scott I wasn't even recording you when
you usually and I thought you know you
wouldn't you would have done that if I
wasn't recording you that's the thing
