when do you ever just wake up in the
morning and my little ponies in year
round
Twilight Sparkle you have the best dad
everyone got you this you're good ray
Carly how does it feel being replaced do
it feel bad for garlic have literally
replaced her with a horse their channels
change the Twilight Sparkle in its
anything's okay everything I got a great
thumbnail midnight Sparkle you pissed in
my room I got a call hate the show me my
new pony baby guess what David got me
bitch he got me midnight Sparkle from my
little pony
this bitch replacing Carly real quick
let me see it let me see it morning boy
that's a boy oh you see that I know I
thought it was a girl until they told me
was a boy he you should have seen when
she peed all over the ball Mike he piss
all over my room he literally looked
like a fire hydrant exploded they know
it peed on the floor in my house yeah no
oh he keeps going we're a bit I didn't
forget I did it on purpose no you did it
I did
Yancey could just just click the link to
her channel if you want to see that oh
my god she like leaves and he's like
dude kind of a bitch this writer I
deleted like half my blog because it
made stain man then it made Todd mad and
I got a fucking copyright claim while I
was talking to talk about hey I didn't
make me mad it just made me look bad I
titled my blog fucking whatever mission
area I had to start recording this
because this is a big deal but my tattoo
just fell off do you like that literally
looks like a piece of gum you just fell
off dude you get some horrible text oh
my god dude it's done that's it
Christine just lost her verification hey
girl
you know your Maori obnoxious like
sometimes the people don't know how many
people that do you know I know you know
how you don't say like please and thank
you like a lot I like any you know
you're just a British fuck testing -
people say please and thank you stories
to the choices Scott is a fucking pussy
maybe some no no compare me to her she's
drinking up an empty fucking book you're
drinking out an empty bowl you know like
annoying you know irritates him but
sometimes you mauled your mattress and
then something might break up - see
you're comparing like I'm not even
shouted Christina was this voice low
saying me you're not comparing yeah you
don't to be macho yes I've been saying
it for 10-15 minutes or you know yeah I
don't need you to hurt you baby you just
gotta be yourself
I'm gonna give you some allergy - OH oh
yeah all right guys thanks for watching
make sure to LIKE this video if you
enjoyed it and subscribe to my channel
if you want to see more stuff for me in
all my today's shadow Joseph Vivian and
Olivia thank you so much for keeping up
with all my stuff retuning all my stuff
keeping up with all my videos I really
appreciate that
I heard that yours is really
and if you
how big his big Nick he's way over 60
this Pony has a sixty pound limit big
Nick is 75 do you think we can make this
work
