hey you made the biggest piss puddle of
all time alright so for anybody asks
yeah I'm in my bathroom and my parents
house because every sleeping right now
and yeah I can't really do it anywhere
else because they'll hear me I'm in a
pretty good mood right now I think best
time to do this challenge is if you're
in a good mood because then wouldn't be
a challenge you're already sad in
Washington side to be right so here goes
daddy is the sweetest daddy in the world
daddy is the most handsome
it's martes the most clever the kindness
he is my Superman daddy wants me to do
well at school daddy is just great but
he lies
he lies about having a job he lies about
having money
he lies that he is not tired
he lies that he is not hungry
he lies that we have everything
he rise above his happiness
he lies
because I've seen
Oh sad but it made me cry the way that I
expected to cry mom had a belly button
piercing rant this you have why do you
have to lie you you've never had a belly
button piercing yes you have we remember
you and your key won't work it you had a
better one I got a tattoo I never in my
life had a belly button weird-looking
belly button then cuz belly button
piercing is your average you have like a
weird belly button okay what if I told
you that I got one it even jiggles when
I bend you like it you have to this is
sober I don't even drink do you need to
take it out it is hot it's fucking hot
no not that kind of hot Oh mom that's
infected it looks looks what say it say
it and I'm gonna keep it in I was very
happy with she hates it I can't wait to
see my dog's reaction on his birthday
yeah well I got you a birthday present I
don't even worse stuff that girly zing
it's gonna get caught in your fuse well
she didn't shave your belly before I
know he just didn't care he's just like
the even cleaner getting cleaner nothing
he just how much did you pay ten bucks
thirty we didn't hep-c more like hat see
you later it's my little sister hello
open the door hey go go go
do you still get people coming up to you
all the time did we mean they want
Brides from you they want you driving
their car now even when they know that
you'll most likely wreck their car do
you want me in there are they already
trying to sell you to TMZ just like that
honey
are they at least putting a trace on
your head like is it weight giving it
they're just taking advantage of you and
just making all the money for themselves
instead of giving you a piece yeah I'm
telling you that Holly with aim is
celebrity life we're going to betray you
and people are gonna take advantage of
you and you can't let them exactly and
right now me picking you up with this
camera on right now and I'm not saying
that I'm using you because people want
to see you again but you know I just
think I just I just really wanted to
pick you up today because I feel like I
miss you so much
we mean you got famous for like a week I
got it all right I got to take you
somewhere somewhere that I need to go
but I'm not gonna tell you why we're
where she's gonna get there and we'll
see why I need to go there for me it is
mmm there you go you know feeling a
little nice so I got you a starbucks
Frappuccino those are the you know the
fancier ones for the more famous people
we're here no where is it
the chiropractor no right next to it Oh
hair salon Oh a lani salvation body art
studio what are we doing here has to do
with something I already have I'm gonna
show you come on are you ready to see
what I have do you like it
I wanted one yeah how long I feel like I
can't even have one
I know it's like two so I have to take
it out I know we got to go take it out
now are you ready are you ready of
course again we want to get here tonight
so why did I get the piercing now why
did I get here oh god it looks horrible
you got a really really pretty on butter
playing on huh where it is Oh a few days
probably gonna have to squeeze a little
bit of pus out of there for the next day
or so
every time I love must comes out is that
you want to get a belly button piercing
you want it in your liver hey guys
thanks for watching make sure like this
video if you enjoyed it subscribe to
entrain if you want to see more stuff
for me and all my friends shot of the
week goes to brittany thank you so much
for keeping up with all myself tweeting
every time i tweeted about the video
keeping up with all my videos let me be
completely honest when i'm on vacation
it's like non-work mode and i was
sitting there with my mom and i'm just
watching TV and then it hits me on my
holy shit it's thursday and i had to put
so i totally did not come up with enough
content so I did the try not to cry
Challen and I also don't have a way to
end this video right now so I'm gonna
creep a song into the end of this right
now and then
haha
