oh look what he got this is dripping
bullet right if you guys didn't know
already David had the honor of paying
for my own piercing we honored to pay
for a lot of things next is our house I
can't wait for that bombing and big
reveal I think we shall have our own
tattoo parlor in our house and just so
we don't have to go on everything became
a little just hiring in home stylist
he's waiting for you like when you come
what do you want today or if you keep
getting all these tattoos and then like
in seven years you're self logging and
they're just tattoos all over your face
every video has it Collins us like guys
you really did it you got the stupidest
entities covered all over everyone that
watches you like knows the story behind
every single tattoo because it's one
blog so the person he got me so cute
it's like ink with little jewels in it
it dangles every time I dance I love it
so much like forty five dollars usually
something like that's like a hundred no
honestly I also think that we have a
weird like perception of costs for
things like that because we do it for
like our videos I think of all my
bellybutton piercing is that there's a
scene in the movie The Hangover where's
a crowd Grauman a kiss teca's el Venegas
gets a belly button piercing and there's
a picture of him with all his friends
behind them with his new piercing I did
it back to back read about that you guys
should check it all on my Twitter home
in Florida right now and I have a little
surprise guest for you that decided they
come to Florida last minute I'm coming
up right now here he is oh yeah I posted
one of those little snapchats
to see like who's looking you know you
can like turn it so only friends can
live your story I did that so I could
see if like he was looking at my story
yeah dude every time you post on
snapchat I was so scared that you posted
something by mistake I was like all
right guys oh three days before I love
for Florida Scotty and I came up with
the idea to surprise he by letting Scott
in a big box and a Ravan with Christmas
paper and I was gonna tell you that yet
at early Christmas present my house and
to come and open it really excited that
skies in town Florida we're all in
Florida over and we're gonna have a good
time peanut butter fail to see price is
over he's here what's up man it's a
plane so this is his brother guys why am
i nervous you should be come on it's
your first you gotta open it just go hey
miss Peggy
but it's just a hologram of scoffs
castles I go alone even they're just all
right party's over
was that worth it baby we got a start
and I gotta finish it stop time I'm
saying Oh me with love and we had a drag
Scotty huge no set over there for the
time as you use my phone to record
because I lost my phone we'll have to do
loan his wallet his sock and a shoe
I woke up with one shoe this morning I
was yelling I don't understand how you
do this I don't know he's dead see
that's what it is okay we're trying to
get up on our conversation
oh do I'm gonna be no good if he is I'm
a comedy on wet that hat officer
Oh dusty bars make it tighter Teddy I'm
trying to make what tighter our
relationship our friendship make your
friendship what I'll take a sub 11
what's already to you guys it's coffee
table baby shit yo I don't look good how
do you feel about my new person
well one stop sucking in your tummy I'll
be fuckin here because I got it look
good in fucking it is when you when you
leave you tell me how it naturally is
that's when I'll tell you what I think
about it ah it looks stupid
I don't like it it dangles and shit like
I really think this is a good Oh baby
look at your belly sweat what I don't
want Billy sweat baby that's crumbs Oh
let's get them lungs collapsing be it
ones glassy lungs I move over closer
another canvas if I go closer to Scott
that means he has to be if si needs me
in it I don't need you in a bitch I
could talk to myself okay so what y'all
doing be a live stream Oh
what's your name and you have how many
songs again I have one real
and a baby a baby Diego that's your
accident baby
apparently our waitress slept with the
chef here and they popped out a baby and
she calls him Diego who's pregnant
he's not pregnant you're pregnant you
can't find it from pegging him he's
pregnant that is unbelievable
No thank you no it wasn't good enough
the tape why are you pretending it's a
picture it's a video why are you doing
this i photobomb can you please go check
alright so what do you want what he
wants to do with that oh and talk to
your best friend that's just stupid
oh no baby you could take our mother
card and go swipe it inside and exactly
be good enough to do now why the hell
would we have to get up and pay for our
food
take your cards but you ain't getting
back no no look I'd like to see her with
all my friends drink coffee while we
have to get up at her forever ruining a
moment that we've had here not maybe
she's not running to mommy she's ruining
our tip oh look at the manager is right
there his name is Wu oh you can still
hear Oh obviously you I'll let you know
that your waitress and chef is fuckin in
the best oh my god you louise tattoo oh
my god I'll show it oh my god but he has
a Lois attitude this person doesn't
exist and look what I got you don't like
little the two seconds ago you said it
was stupid you like it no why don't you
like it
it's creepy looking it's creepy looking
it's cute it would be cute if you don't
have a lovely one here
oh that makes a cuter oh oh that's so
sore eyes infected no it is in fact
we're not there for you the way
Napoli's what pond in Napoli's what's
bully what is a homely baby I'll get oh
uh pity you smoke too much mad
you found that we've done it too good
you know that shit was good she got the
plug oh you had a hole yet hole meth
Empire hey what'd you run into my phone
camera comes out what BSO officer in it
they bought from me well watch out
there's a police right there we're
police yo they're police you over there
we got shot take what yes are you still
working am I gonna take it to the
dishwasher I think you another thing we
got to do here you picked up the fucking
about to take a bike
sure what's your name hon you don't know
we were to play the footage back all
right guys thanks for watching make sure
to LIKE this video if you enjoyed it
subscribe to my channel if you want to
see more stuff from me and all my
friends shot of the week osa Tasha thank
you so much for watching all my stuff
retweeting all my stuff and doing
everything that you do to make sure that
you get to all my stuff and you never
know a fun way and what you never know
we literally go over this every single
time we do an outro you're like I heard
what to do from an outro you'd say
thanks for watching please like and
subscribe you give a shout out to
someone and that's it you do the same
thing every time
why you got to be so mean are you gonna
be like that not being me suppose you
get scared by that gotta watch it go
bunch of big what you
he has need help no now you said it
