an incredible three hours sleep in that
bed it is now tamed just after your day
and your dawn in Bergen Birmingham no
not burger ham the vlogs uploading the
powers turned on
yay time to the head to the show to an
interview on stage and then spend all
day meeting you guys
there is look doing it dispensing the
smell as well as depressing his tits
like tits out depressive book this is
depressed this is the president for
every step I take in this rain the
wetter my feet yet this breathable Airy
shoes are so comfy and so good-looking
but water just seeps into them I'm going
to have wet toes all day usually there's
quite a lot of people walk into
defendant stuff like that but this is
day four it is a Monday but it's a bank
holiday so it still could be quite
expected but like all the bring your own
computer guys are probably leaving today
I'm gonna try and meet as many people as
possible but there might even only be
five people so how you feeling this
morning Brian you tired nice device so
we're doing like kinda like an almost
like a make-a-wish this is Tom Thomas
not
mrs. black ops 2 and this guy's been
repping the merge since like day one
problem is he's from Liverpool which
means Cal's having an absolute field day
with him so yeah i it's a very end fight
to the very end it's got its got monthly
dead well mum time to get on it and here
the crowd comes filling in the line this
guy's put in the line and I could got
his swag on got his swag on so there
wasn't gonna be a lot of people today
there is I'm very tired
Amy this is nuts she's made me a lion
sculpture how long did this take that's
most this guy just brought ball teases
for the guards and he's gonna donate a
hundred pounds tomorrow neuron disease
by the way we're not positive - we don't
have to his choice 100 pound cash now
this guy just donated a hundred pounds
tomorrow nurses be giving a lot more
thank you so much
I have not seen this one before ever in
my life only said yeah Deadpool the dork
and then some gifts for Lydia very nice
sarin isn't that absolute man I see this
guy all the time pretty much always on
to an ultimate positive vibes explain
what this
including your cats wow dude that is so
so awesome no this somehow gets seen by
glitching Queen I want to say you got a
homie here's a point yeah this is a dope
dov'Ã¨ I know he's in fact like I'm in
the blower Cooper's super cool huh I
wonder these if anyone who can reach out
to Quinton Queen and tell her please
doing I don't know how this happened but
Alice has somehow been trusted with a
wolf but it's the world's curious wolf
oh my god I know no oh my look at that
face
don't look at that butt
to say there's a question that you need
to answer
hi Louise
listenmi wanted to down that
we invited me
rolled up at the end to drop up like a
mud some I of pop figures I definitely
don't have storm
I definitely don't play that even though
that was a one but Blade Runner 2049
thank you very much I think I have like
300 hot figures already not counting any
from this event there's a lot of
pipemakers done it's done guys thank you
so much thank you so much thank you so
much
thank you so much amazing event thank
you okay that was not the reaction I was
expecting
look at it oh man it's all just getting
collapsed down everyone's doing this
everyone's doing that everyone's saying
goodbye and you're just still sat in
this fucking chair right solid Oh Brian
bitterly prettily born poor fiddling
fiddling fool
working hard or hardly working this is
yeah everyone's packing up the standard
me and brother Brian aren't allowed to
get involved in help so instead I
thought I just bounced around but can
you do this
PewDiePie take that you bitch
adults this is just not right this is
just not right on so many that why is
rotating like that
okay okay I'll actually do some work
then I guess he's totally still doing
this
delivery service Orion he goes in he
goes I feel like this is just gonna go
wrong and someone's gonna get hurt much
but and undergo see you man just Brian
bye Brian
I walk a lonely road
how much Murray director we raised the
charger mate one person donate 200 quid
uh yeah IRA I reckon I reckon a thousand
Erica a thousand on the dark thousand
does a Bob goodbye Karen's saying
goodbye to everyone apart from me if
he's weird on the way raise your hand
are you raising young you know where you
came at a mum when you were born
a vagina they're different lips plan of
action is to pack up everything in here
throw it into Motown's car and we're
getting the BMW home my hair has been
like this all day so it doesn't look
that bad looks kind of neat and tidy
well I look not neat and not tight legs
I'm so damn tired and this is the first
time it's one of my favorite things to
do after that
and this is not me being rude to my
audience or not that but their fault and
I get to watch bands and with soap and
hot water
all packed up I left a small tip for the
cleaner only two pounds I would actually
leave in 20 quid because the staff here
amazing what I don't have anymore money
has just changed but anyway amazing
hotel room this time this time it didn't
smell like steak remember like wait what
last time we stayed above like the
kitchen is open it smelt like
cheeseburgers the entire time but this
hotel room was epic the staff have been
amazing of God I'm about to leave here
with my backpack
am ia suitcase poor I almost forgot my
lion I still have no idea who this is
from
what rather they put it in the box I'm
gonna carry this light in the entire way
home with me like this
so yeah hotel room thank you for your
hospitality I had a good night's sleep
after my first night after I sleep fix
my sleep schedule and I will be back I
think for next year go admit I didn't
really it is a life I'm kitty gate down
five he's down would you fuck
so fuck all the here's oh my god
beautiful car she was a beast we
actually drove the entire way home then
for two hours with no music we all just
needed a break to switch off so we drove
him far away in pure silence
this is exactly all I want in life right
now to be sat down Chinese I'm about to
watch Mad Men decided to watch Mad Men
was probably a bad idea cuz I was up
until about 2:00 a.m. watching episodes
I've only had three hours sleep from
that last clip you saw me I'm so
exhausted but I cannot be asked ruining
my sleep schedule again I'm falling into
that despairing hourly ruin day so I'm
forcing myself to stay awake pretty much
the next day I really really really
tired I actually ranked Alice this
morning to speak to her and get like
updates and how everything's been from
the show and stuff like that and I will
call this up like 11 o'clock in the
morning so she hadn't even got out of
bed and my mom she's just woke up at
half past 1:00 in the afternoon I'm the
one who should be waking up at a
ridiculous time not then but I'm home
sweet home
tomorrow's vlog you're gonna get a big
update on my internet I'm my granddad
cuz he's been over the past two weeks
turn up at my house like nearly every
other day every other day he's been
turning up have you been in bed or busy
or going out I've just got the time to
see him no I've got some some update
news about that but obviously the more
important thing to say is the comments
and a vlog have been ably bomb a public
absolutely bombarded with where's Livia
where's Lydia why's Lydia not insomnia
why she's not going down I don't
understand why Lydia's not insomnia she
was there last year in simple terms
Lydia didn't come down to insomnia
because I didn't want Lydia there and
you my black wall I did insomnia last
year with Lydia and every time like I
was going out to like whatever time in
the morning I was having business
meetings and hanging out with industry
people that I really didn't have a lot
of time for Lydia and it wasn't fair on
her and it really really sucked but it
put a lot of stress on me and her
because I just wanted to come in go to
bed and fall asleep and then sleep until
the very last minute until I started the
show
whereas Lydia was working on mini ladder
and terrorises booth so she had to get
up at like 8:00 a.m. to get over to the
booth so like I was only getting like
maybe two hours sleep after I was
getting in and I was just like I can't
do it this time like you saw how tired I
was this time alone this event that if
Lydia was there in a very selfish way
she would have just been waking me up
and I would have been absolutely
exhausted it's rather than me stressing
myself out with all and anything like
that
I put the funds first I got as much rest
as I could and I had
absolute great time book so everyone who
brought even Lydia like a letter or a
president's in LA I'll make sure it gets
to a don't you worry don't panic I don't
know a load of your white to meet your
and get far but I did kind of mention it
on a live stream a few times that she
wasn't coming down but a lot of people
in the vlog didn't know that so just let
you know there is your answer I work to
make sure I was fully focused to meet
you guys and you and my priority number
one so nonetheless guys thank you very
much for watching make sure to leave a
like rating subscribe and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
daily vlog and until then make sure you
click the subscribe button and then the
bell next to it you have to click that
now because YouTube's just basically
turn around and go oh yeah you know you
know videos that you click subscribe to
yeah well you don't really get all of
them in your sub box over to the like
one percent of people who still here if
you haven't rung that Bell didn't get
and I'll see you tomorrow alright what's
all telling us
