oh it's official my hair gel doesn't
work only in guys I don't know good day
my hair doesn't spike up in the
slightest I'm happy to go for this like
simple comb-over flick look okay but
it's a new dawn it's a new day and we
are in beautiful classy amazing and then
there's me looking like potato rough
hair - it's your name no offense twitch
boy she looks fab I would potato you do
i this is not the lobby what did you
click wait what is that ground for Holy
Bible no mics okay take three ok um
something's happened out here said no
stray traces of that surrounded a bunch
of Asian people was like Libya by the
way the record we had no idea this was
going on it's not I read this piece of
paper
oh yes I think this actually goes
through the hotel I think we're gonna
start flying the dragon through the
hotel but maybe they don't they do yeah
it's in sighs it's gonna suck go go go
go
that's not an incense stick this is just
a piece of wood whoops yeah it's gonna
put that back down I just happened to
see this piece of paper on the desk and
it said like 12:30 Chinese dragons in
the hotel lobby so I was like yep yep
right down in madness oh yeah you're of
the - pounds you have the - town I don't
even realize that was a dog loose ish
now is it with a moose - I have no idea
where we're going make these these
squiggly lines are getting the best of
it but I don't know this one looks
classy is this where we're going food
maybe thank God they've all got little
amounts of English underneath em because
well I wasn't exactly a little but
that's where we're going we hope we've
got room parrot what we're going to a
traditional Cantonese restaurant so
ready yeah oh if I have in any way
that's not waiting for bombers in
England come all the way to Hong Kong
and we're trying a very delicate cuisine
they have there it's called the Starbuck
is really looking forward to it
Wow I am in my full Tory swing right now
I know verse 7-eleven don't mind if I do
what's it like colorful signs and you up
dirty buildings I'm trying to be rude
there but yeah yeah we see an Asian lady
are just walking around the road on her
own she's gonna get picked up by some
other cotton Chinese guy please let's do
that please let's do that
yeah yes it's maybe the greatest
discovery to mankind Hong Kong jeans it
have invented the hangover patch I could
not see this being effective but for two
pound ad I'm willing to give it a try
the god damn March and Spencer's food
there ask for a always walks rain from
my camera bow yeah sure are you looking
in the ramen place yeah oh yeah you told
me the best place you've ever had ramen
was in sure I just be tested a hotel and
the Wi-Fi is 3-3 down 0.06 upload oh
let's see this place is exactly like
glamorous I'm gonna show your dad
exactly like it oh my god how much
healthcare Becky toothpick and some
bigger toothpicks a marinated pork
knuckles that this our
we'd there's so much food to choose for
our O's it's not that much nothing on
the other side
Lydia's are ordered yeah
good choice yeah so what what made you
think of this one yeah yeah yellow mouth
chassis yeah yeah yeah that one yeah
because this isn't that that yep yep
how are you supposed to understand it
like I'm not because he's not moving
like culture insensitive or anything
like that are just rude I'm not trying
to be but like some languages you can
look at it and you can kind of make out
what it is yeah they must like look at
that for us like how can get that look
that'll be like a sentence made up of
like 15 different words or something
like that like steamed rice with pork or
some like that but then they summarize
it in four letters how the starters we
have a bit of let me just move my own
milk on sugared Chinese tea other way
and did you like that he brought us the
food but with a little bit of baked
beans on the side just for a little bit
of a garnish there's some Heinz this is
basically a rib rib meat right rib meat
and it is um we'll walk it just melts it
should be very poor what wasn't a beef
that's how your sauce eirick I really I
really don't know about this one I don't
know what it is but it's uh is it
casting chass√© soon a rice roll hey
knock out steam prawns dumpling prawns
and looks a bit yellow yeah
is it good haloed said was it good
thanks oh hey we're closing he's closing
time at the zoo but they're going was
humming you actually know of anything
did you ever like siestas what time is
it now plus 2 okay maybe it's siesta
time
oh no michi smell meaty you get an
unlimited supply of tea Wow
oh sorry tripled it everywhere Tea for
Two Harry yeah right the meal and
destroyed the table but it was ruinous
I've now decided that if we see anything
that's like Asian Chinese in the
slightest you just got shout culture I'm
gonna film it there's God's people there
we saw it with our dragons people
crossing road culture - well weird noise
us kind of terrifying hey we found the
Nike store just do it okay Nikes is this
big Feliz is double Lydia culture
let's not exactly Chinese looking book
culture get up
where are they other up there are they
finished yeah it's the guy playing a
violin creepy dude oh yeah oh yeah
culture what on earth is this statue I
cannot wait to see what this is just in
a park that is so sick do it's like it's
like Jacksboro it's like a rip
jetsparrow oh good I absolutely love it
bleep
it's so cool what is this
this I'm right Batman or something what
is going on here don't hong kong avenue
of the comic stars it's good walk McDole
that's awesome but I think it look I
found that these everywhere in Japan
like absolutely everywhere looks kind
similar to what they had in Japan but I
don't see no Kanak on so that's one big
difference what absolutely got me we
thought it was gonna be just like
whether it's a walk around in like
jacket t-shirt and jeans but it's 26
degrees see that he's fine I know what's
the best thing to do in the meantime I'm
gonna quickly import all my footage that
is what you call organization I've got
yesterday mmm yep yesterday's vlog
already edited and it's only four
o'clock in the afternoon here in in Hong
Kong did he is taking a little nap which
you can't see and then I'm getting my
shit dude
well I did a speed test earlier and he
said it was gonna take like I don't know
hours to upload the vlog but it says
only 29 minutes so far so okay I feel
pretty good about she has a rose from
her slumber okay teacher corrects me she
has arisen from her she's not feeling
too good though she's got a bit do me a
it's got doing it not from food just
from lady problems you've got tummy ache
so she's taking drugs right now totally
illegal for the plan of action is you
going to try and find street food
because everyone's gonna be absolutely I
spoke to Olivia's dad and in a.replace
he's gonna be rammed everywhere you want
me let's get a reservation on nothing
probably maybe we should have planned
that in advance but you know what well
winging it we're gonna eat on the street
which is what all the cool kids do
apparently what kind of food do you eat
fish balls Oh fish balls how you say so
about told me now my tomatoes I'm a
horse Lydia I got in the lift and it
closed I went to put my hand in it to
stop it I don't think you do that
because it
so I panicked and I've lost her
I went all the way up to see it went up
to 16 4 and then every level on the way
down
I've got lost for you right we always
have faith in yourself we asked that boy
over at the desk and he says walk
straight down this road get to the
harbor
we'll see pre pretty parade performances
and then at 8 o clock this this it
really is this road is gonna become
better today let's go
oh the five or gathering you know what I
love about the British colors because we
yeah it's big it was a British whatever
Colin air don't know what you want to
call it but you know that's so awesome
that they've got the same police colors
I could hear it and I'm actually getting
well excited I don't feel like I know
I'm in a totally other country and I'm
it looks like a different country but I
feel at home and I generally think it's
a song with you AFC now I feel like I'm
at home a little bit I love it I love
everything about it
all the signs of the parade oh oh we're
gonna miss it a gold yellow buy some
gold Oh Oh Richie did you know that
building
mate what awaited like I don't know
advertised things is to follow that's
incredible it does a white show see
because people are in the way we'll do
this
stare at people's phones instead would
you look at that a 7-eleven Wow look at
the amount of AC units make you one of
those falls down oh he cut up some was
dying gotta find a step got a scene uh
parade know these guys have caught on
something Jesus genius looking genius
what my man I like him by the way we're
walking along and it's just so busy my
so walk like 100 meters takes like an
hour it's crazy but he's like parades
walking fast now all bands and stuff
plane so
yeah we're gonna try and find a spot
they probably won't work James Forge but
we can't see shit because this so many
people this lady behind me is using her
baby as a battering ram literally she's
pushing the baby's face into my back I'm
gonna turn around ahead while that baby
in a minute
rip rip now they'd ever seen my life
oh my this doesn't this doesn't seem
real it does definitely feel foggy
because of all the light pollution like
making the whites a bit murky but oh my
god this is amazing
mister look at all these people like
excited to watch fireworks no no no no
no no no I'm saying this is like the
fanciest most expensive restaurant to
book your firework show viewing for both
it's canceled so hey Matt loads of free
spaces you wanna go eat there for
cheaper this is the start of the parade
here that goes all the way up this round
look at it every side of the street is
just crammed with people yeah we need to
climb this tree
Oh may this prate sick but great view
for me I'm loving this not exactly sure
what this is yeah exhausting
I love the people with a big truck boats
they look exhausted it has been like two
hours okay we were early to the parade
it turns out but I think it's say that
because I could see some lights spinning
round over the map every part of the
road is absolute gummed our boys still
here very proud of them and this guy's
got the longest neck I've ever seen in
my life anyway
be Chinese oh god see anything
me I want to do that a job I want to do
this is a job but where's the dope
that's not it Doug it's a totally under
where's the baggage well these are
public floats on a donkey oh okay hey
all of a sudden I want to go to Ocean
Park oh yeah so you go to Ocean Park
small asian man versus taller asian
woman fight oh yeah let's go
bye begins yeah up up take two no hugs
we have the most Chinese looking casted
cheerleaders
don't think I saw a single Chinese
person up
I thought it odd Ragan's way I thought
that was like we buy your gold
it's a Malaga but it cause raising okay
okay cheerleaders your people have
cheerleaders will talk about know about
Canada
it's pretty apparent that if you don't
have some sort of privacy in our company
booth they're like company steps where
you can see me you can't see shit so we
were try and find some food and walk
along and see if we can see anything
along the way fuck goodbye our wise yeah
call the flavor on me my aunty try it
who needs a parade
I scream yes
time to use the Octopus card at the
chaos gates to get the treatment and
we're gonna go and get some food I think
we're gonna go from here to Hong Kong
could be wrong
bogan oh we're gonna risk you it was
really easy getting around in Japan
because we had Tom and now I have Lydia
so it's even easier we lost yet yeah
that only cost me by three yeah we did
actually only cost me fifty P holy shit
we didn't leave like two blocks for hey
look 7-eleven where the hell are we
what is this place this is Street food
place ladies market
hola tan Abbas and shits the street oh
my god can hear them already
can we please go back to the parade I'm
just a lost war why bite Hong Kong why
do people need these do's and I
understand I want a home
there is so much shit on this road like
so much random shit what is she doing
she's singing
food we need food we need food yo are
they selling slippers truckers a doge
and oh my good slippers that's for TP
right this is so much better than a
parade like dock 1 I'm not being racist
to dad she looks like oh good look at it
oh my god that is beautiful yes
defenders assemble holy shit this guy's
got an awning a light a snorkel a winch
oh my gosh get this thing I've ever seen
in my life
I don't know what oh we're going this
way oh oh this is called ladies market
do you buy women here off
oh are you by emojis yeah by an emoji no
yes I want to emoji selling supreme so
cheap out here like that's so much of it
I can't believe it it was sound like
move it on for like 118th of the price
Wow I'm not good luck you it's been some
woody we got off the little strip by the
way for the record if you told me to get
the train home I would tell you right
now I'd have a fucking clue I'm so lost
but I love it like yeah I feel so lost
but I'm not worried in the slightest yo
check
food out ah I'm so hungry yeah babe
let's go for the fine hey you know this
all seems pretty normal you know you can
get some beef beef balls get some pigs
ha
yeah frog you know everything pretty
standard and we saw the picture outside
it was like yeah we won't look came into
like now we don't do that shit okay cuz
I'm like rice in a sticky bar
yes okay okay this looks good dumplings
with soup and rice noodles maybe not
just the noodles and then this guy who
was satay was helping me translate
recommended a cook oh okay okay a cup of
soy milk though we got soy milk we
managed to get a suit brought some bread
but it did only cost as a fifty sixty
eight I'm joking 5060 I'm did Olivia
drink or soy milk did you finish it
Wow like I recommended it to you Wow how
do you thanks so much then the first
place we was just no mercy she's
convinced she's glad though she is she
didn't like a line for a hospital and
literally think it's just piping nuts
quick exactly sure fish balls yeah fish
balls the lid and I got Danny okay and
I've already tried it and it's bloody
gorgeous go on try it see if it's what
you think it is I'm at truth what you
think it is it is yay
my spicy sauce okay that's a little
spicy
there's a little spicy gonna get ran
over yogini I wonder if it's real or
fake hahaha counterfeit Joe out of it
joke I was like what the heck is this
and then this guys doing it with his
feet his hands when people say you can
achieve things in life welcome
absolutely fucking yeah you can
that's a pure example of you never get
mad respect close greet my soy sauce was
invented well yeah fuck that i building
we're last in china and i love it
because we lost did China lost it China
and loved it lasted China lasted
yeah that's Chinese that's Johnny
whoa whoa what's this for maybe that's
for the whole town is booming
oh stop oh wait actually might be no but
wait what
and now I'm not sure if it's for the hot
pot specialist oh wow he's not that
popular maybe it's just street food or
just cook it on little pop-up barbecues
well oh yeah looks like it wait we're
coming back we have to come back and
have a grilled oyster oh yeah I don't
everyone who's this yo this is Street
food its finest yo what is this about
doodad was like yeah just got one Street
over the street food we were in the
wrong place this this is just there
selling beers on the street baron
chicken beer and chicken $35 the thing
is what is it what's your money yeah but
I'm taller than most people so this is
great
upon the 7-eleven I'm joking upon the
train station that's the symbol for the
underground oh no this is hot we we were
round the food area but this is the food
Street luckily every inch of the
sidewalk is just filled with people
selling bags of stuff it stinks of like
awesome piss yeah but then the future
not so good roommate I think we found
the food place because literally from
all the way down there all on the
sidewalk there's little girls popped up
and everyone's eat you know it like goes
all the way down as well have you ever
seen this boy because Lydia cannot
remember this in the slightest yeah for
clarification it is 11 o'clock at night
in this place is absolutely booming
we're gonna take on the double
all right so we found the underground
again pretty good
I walk around and find this random
locations she gets his trip hello hello
I'm a trouble yeah it's Batman sorry I'm
getting all distracted right we gotta
get the number to central to link what
distracted yeah I know right we are here
and we go get to to shim star suite
first in line suit shit Ronnie no right
I'm gonna pronounce this right
sim Sims xiaocui why I say that's not a
joy
there's no Jaden soon she'll sorry I'm
just saying west male 1 out she pops out
of Terminal B ward but all right this
way sense of direction
stick with me I play video games so I
know which way to go
I actually no joke have the most tell
him again no thief I think we've
actually got the wrong way don't we what
you actually doubted me you doubted me
no we didn't know we didn't know why
I've been sense of direction but no good
is not good sense of card keep reading
skills oh yeah I made the AC on earlier
nice and low so it'd be nice and cool
when we got back but thank you I give up
and now she's walking just going yeah
are you a called earlier story oh my god
this bet if to die for Becky
oh um Jesus I kinda need to in today's
vlog now right make up meet me up a
brand new air outro now brand new outro
ok 3 2 1 go yeah go go go that's it ok
leave like right but in your own style
like rate subscribe
see you next time here's my new outro
guys 6 p.m. every day see you there
don't piss show on the internet like
subscribe it's free ding dong that Bell
because you know why bells a racist and
we know light raises bells so click the
shit out of it oh god but anyway thank
you very much for watching make sure to
LIKE rate subscribe to another no cash
bail see you guys tomorrow at 6 minute
volume till then thank you for watching
I hope you'd enjoyed Hong Kong day one
it's been on some high five yeah I was
gonna do who you waving that book so
that might be a bit disrespectful but
yeah it's been an amazing trip
I was at a good time and I can't wait to
be a grandparent
