when I wake up in the morning oh my god
what there is at the end of that what
what but but but Oh what is going on
what why does it look like a new killer
bombs going off in the distance by the
way for the record you can tell the time
has changed because the Sun usually sets
over there for me right now it's sitting
over there Wow okay so yeah
five o'clock at night the first time
I've stepped outside all day but this
this what happens you see the past few
days where I've just been like non-stop
non-stop non-stop like four thirty
million blogs like album well prefer
that than being stuck indoors all day
seriously like if I get trapped indoors
all day
I don't like you man I'm made for the
outdoors just like like having
flashbacks of how doing five years of
gaming YouTube I was just stuck inside
so much was now I just I will be now on
about so well this is the first time
I've been out the house all day all day
all day just listen to this some of the
radio wait you're listening to radio oh
this place is looking MD&A high five
well done at five one okay yeah that was
that's good they've torn this is it no
more is this no more orders now till the
new year oh no I don't want you to
retire book as I've come through the
door a lot call Bradley just ordered but
the final post delivery has got out so
he just missed it by like five minutes
so you guys can still order but you
won't get anything till the new year now
so are they sell this where's this
coming
yeah the exo hoodie which looks sleek as
hell it's like a mixer that I get a
candy with Japanese right good but feels
good to be out of the house I've been
stuck in my house like a pit for the bus
like almost 24 hours
look at that projector is it
whoa oh whoa
let me see nah sorry I'm just really
amazed by this is it good done project
two coming over car looks so sick
very nice suits you sir you know I'll
keep being like start your day right and
feel right well guess what didn't start
this day right don't feel right just
stressing man like Christmas present
that I've got I tried ordering a
Christmas present for someone once
Lydia ordered the present wrong so we
had to cancel it we then tried ordering
it again she then putting the wrong bill
in a dress so we got canceled but the
problem with this company is you don't
tell you I'm calling out the code to sue
it they do not let you know the new item
just doesn't come there's no hey there
was an issue or hey there's a problem
now the eye interest doesn't comment on
your left and then you ring me like yeah
hello yes expecting this present where
is it
yeah we didn't send it because of this
like would have been nice to know that
one it like I almost just drove off like
an hour away to go well in traffic to go
pick something up but because I don't
receive any email or anything I'll just
check checked long behold wasn't there
so to suit the customers service on that
nd the guy on the phone that spoke
to really nice dude didn't solve the
issue because now I've missed the
Christmas delivery mail time so start
your day rung end your day wrong but you
know what that laughs you shot
made the most of it I'm talking
motivated I'm doing something with my
day just on that chair like you've got a
computer you've got a complete couch
you got another chair but it said you
choose this one chair why I'm sat here
in my blog and watch how much this cat
thinks he's safe every time move a
little bit the friction of the coats
gasm just the movements out of the coat
frightens him but he thinks there's
something aesthetics to keep moving
okay we just jump like five
okay come here it's okay it's okay look
they have no idea what it is I wearing
and I love this I just opened this to
try and see where this tree food was cuz
I have some free food and as I opened it
up I found a snake never in my life have
I bought a snake so I'm not too sure why
the snakes here who the snake belongs to
or anything so I just put it on display
another proud owner of a snake I guess
yeah she fed it on the first day but
then on the fifth day yeah we've not fed
it again who doesn't love that lovely
tree food water by the way I felt this
joke of a second it gonna spill all over
hoping my cats aren't licking that up
you know it's just war it can't do any
damage I spin it are you just crying for
me to play fetch because guess what I
say my dear
I brought a band as well what's your
freakout two bands really good job good
hearing why do you know what this door
is his sister in here is she here
somewhere well did I somehow Walker in
donor balloon no where's she gone she in
here she underneath the tree is she in
the tree or something he only ever winds
like that when he's separated from his
sister he's actually moaning about a
shoe she's not even it I can't see you
anywhere were you waiting for
she's not even in there me to be honest
I don't wear shoes oh oh you want me to
play fetch don't you know if you get
this I'll be well impressed you ready
right let's see if he can use his mind
oh good little kitty oh wait he's
thinking shop cool why you got up the
stairs he's looking he's bit distracted
by sleep right there looking he's
looking for it he doesn't know does it
know where it's gone oh no cat you
failing me
Oh Oh
she's gonna let your sister okay can you
not see it dad yeah good boy well done
I'm BRE back come on come on doggie come
on doggie - okay fine screw you - oh the
answer the question is is my cat locked
in there no is she okay she's fine
and three.js you want to play fetch no
this stages of what happens to the
wristband first of all it's got it all
clasp on looks like brand new that she's
not the best then the class comes off
after it I've smashed it against the
wall and he's bit to pieces a
million times
he's overwhelmed and then it turns into
this one which somehow survives the
clasp stage but then shredded pieces
look at him he's like ha he's so
overwhelmed meanwhile she just doesn't
care like I said I'm trying to ever hit
my power to stay out my house tonight
ma'am I just I can't be asked being
indoors anymore a bit inside all day 22
hours I think from the moment of
yesterday sitting down and starting
editing my videos it's a lie I left the
house today like 20 22 hours of not
leaving the house wasn't action or gonna
pick up my dad and Gail from their loins
Gail stumbles out drunk as a skunk
and a friend
Oh GUI I do fair say that's some
top-notch quality parking from me thank
eyes a little bit close
fireproof Fire Engineering Limited don't
you dare hit by a door all right so
we're meeting up with Lydia it was
you're supposed to be Oh cute little
dinner date but just dinner with me and
Lydia come I can't be asked me anyway I
know I've got this like dream house I
love being inside it but I was just like
yeah no I'm not I'm not about being in
my house any more than I have to right
now so we'll go back out here Ashton
Moss we're going to where they'll
retaliate for it summer some food game
Dahlia
this place is actually and then out of
pres oh and Bella Italia gotta be honest
kind of prefer this place all right so
what is Lydia what is my dad and where
is Gail hey italiana bill Italia
I just have to say watching Mogan Paul's
hugs wait to say I watched him and I
forgot his name
the Italian chef in his blogs I loved
him when he first came on the scene I
was like I don't know about him I don't
know about his character but I loved him
you just cooked food all day in the
house I need him in my life
dad's think my dad travels a little bit
more than me these are his recent
check-ins on his Facebook I mean Empire
State Building New York Manchester
Airport Spain hotel at one is the
blighter and Sunset Lounge oh you're
doing it right my friends you're doing
it right you're doing it right Queens up
in the arm I'm not better not be
cilantro we've got some garlic cheesy
bread a normal guy finally dad's eating
the whole goddamn thing to himself even
though he's having a pizza I'm mega
jealous of that Pete so that's the one I
usually get that looks good good that
looks good that you say you hear too
much food for Gail
ah
you thought you take my piece of paper
bake another bite you
oh my god is that necessary we can reach
teacher this is why my dad's so
professional
he goes into a restaurant checks himself
in oh wait this is a cute photo I'm
sorry missing missing my dad it's
nothing apart their fingers over the
lens my dad have you taken oh yeah no
that's right
yeah still going Oh time up you look boy
1 in dark light and his eyes look really
dark told me if second lamp IR indices
no no I ended me the bill first
definitely so I guess this is okay
again yeah you're supposed to pay your
taxi fare as well I guess it's Christmas
mate well I'll run demand just waits the
cash machines get some money out I
thought it's gonna be a middle finger at
least wait and that was so random that
guy was just so it was so PC couldn't
even walk so we had to give him a lift
on okay so this is now my next mission I
was really putting about the house but
the gift that this de su tea company or
ever messed up a million times emerges
to get them to reserve it at the
Trafford Centre so they're also Chavez
and now excuse me proper Senate now
because it is 10 o'clock at night but
I'm gonna try bought basically I've now
got a rush before the Trump's that are
apparently
or something so rather than it be in
tennis I'm gonna pick it by 11 ish and
everything's gonna be a rockin and
a-rollin so half past 10:00 on a
Thursday before Christmas
what do you know about turning up with
the traps and the presents this goes
against everything I stand for when it's
like shopping at Christmas you always
see those people like flapping like ah I
try not to be that person I'm not
flapping I'm annoyed with duty whatever
the company there's by whoever that shop
whatever it is but oh it's just pretty
chilled to be honest the thing is I
don't worry I can get through here to
the other side so let's maybe yes no is
it open is it closed I can't make the
shop it's not in that store it's it's
only it's only this is this is one end
of the Trafford Centre the stores only
at the complete opposite end like when I
mean off is ending it's gonna take me
ten minutes to walk there and I've got
six minutes before it closes
triggered meme is real right now
this Gabi I'm is a genius he's playing
Pokemon girls Christmas shopping I can't
help but smile at that fact if you're
gonna be walking for ages might as well
be doing it I was playing Pokemon go
right oh my god after five days of
trying I've to buy five days of trying I
finally got it all right so everyone in
my family is gonna get the Christmas
presents one time I think yo looking on
stalking look at your hockey look right
rid of it look who I found no way no way
she's British
laughter she has no idea I'm here like
no idea in the slightest
she just walked past me whilst I was in
Victoria Secret is darker
she has no idea she has no idea I'm here
she almost saw me I just split around I
walk away now far a is that my Christmas
present you have there I'm gonna get
trapped inside the clothes in the
Barrett is what you do if they close the
virus how do I get home oh I get all
over that okay okay we're good were good
okay
I think she's leaving go around go
around go around how the stock he's on
she's good turn around a bit and see me
I swear to God whatever hopefully she
doesn't know it's the arms or the
patterns or she's behind a post she's
behind that post I'm gonna try and stab
behind the post she stood up just right
there
she has no idea is that I wonder who
she's on the phone - she's very mean
Chris Pratt understand that understand
that Mr Man
what are the chances of me bumping into
her like at this time at this this is
where
I've been following you for the past 20
minutes
no no she's spoiling gifts that she sees
with gift so where were you running all
right but yeah I caught you on camera
running like legit like shuffling
you know my friend hello my braid I did
not imagine this not me taxi the drunk
guy oh man collecting these two Rascals
funds are like this makes me so happy
okay bye now goodbye now goodbye now
oh you need right now sorry you know my
friend hello my friend uh come come come
come come come
get up my friends okay my friend no
worries my friend okay bye bye now okay
banana high fives
I do not know what you're talking about
my parking is absolutely incredible
that is the best Perkin ever all these
spaces nor look at that that's what you
call defenders dickish dickheads
assemble that's what you call that PAC
in that there but you know I am in the
middle of a parking lot so I don't think
it really matters
we're just doing a quick drug deal I
don't someone you're in my car okay can
I go go hide why don't you get in the
car cuz India's clearly called defender
is making the weirdest noise in the
world I don't know what it is it sounds
like something's catching my air into
the dry I don't understand what it is I
can just feel like every time I pick up
a speed I can hear like
I don't want to stumble it is I've never
noticed it before
hi I'm trying to undo it work out a
penny the plastics are anything to lose
does it sound like it just sounds like
it's coming from here what could it be
I'm really ugly no idea I can it's some
sort a nice for sure but I'm gonna have
to get my dad to this car never usually
makes this noise and it's not even like
when you go to crazy speeds or anything
like I could understand like if it was
been going too fast and there's like air
getting somewhere but like listen you'll
hear like a big fortune air in a second
you ready
do you really like you can hear the rev
but this is just my engine revving well
then you can hear this
hear that sound it's like it's like
almost like air pissing out of the hose
somewhere so I'm too sure what that is
but it's one of my favourite things to
come home to this car I love this car to
sit to say did ok2say did always pooing
and peeping all the time and peeping
cooing a being all the time and I hated
it
I've got admit I've got so much love for
this cat now that he's got that like
childish stage of him like he's just a
really nice car may melt my heart be
suspicious of you doing you knowing what
hey no no no I don't know play with you
much today ever I'm sorry I'm sorry
et I'm sorry little king and queen in
the jungle obviously who is a little
Queen at a jungle yes you go Pat's going
vacuum oh I'm supported by a table we're
giving little pieces on the camera
doesn't know just is it makes it look
Brown she's actually pure grey like I
just want to just want to cut to this
moment because my tree is dying and
Lydia's giving it like a funeral look
goodbye there used to be like this now
they look like yes I don't know who
keeps to decorate my tree but can you
please stop not video did an amazing job
of it and then someone came along was
like tinsel oh darling jousted gonna
make us feel bad well you gonna burn the
tree taking the 10th law oh she always
finds a way to find food doesn't she
wasn't it what kind
oh so it is ah yeah
Thanks and you wonder why I call on my
wife Wow
maybe that's why the cops were trying to
get in the tree yeah nice
it isn't lovely day and if you zoom into
my top you'll see I'm covered in cat
hair that's because I've got the cats
and I'm taking him to Lydia's school
today for the kids to meet so look
