like so I'm back after my root canal and
I feel like half my face is disabled
like seriously I don't know if you can
see it when I'm talking but I think you
can see like a bit less well oh my god
it's what I think all right so I'm back
here and I've got to keep using because
my I had laser eye surgery so I can't
look at the Sun and I have to wear these
outside someone's mowing the goddamn
lawn and I thought I'd give you an
update of how my root canal won so I had
a root canal which is it was not too bad
it supposed to take an hour and a half
maybe two hours and they did it in an
hour
American dentists are amazing like they
did a great job and Santa Monica dentist
that's the place shout out to your
homies yo they did a really good job
they looked after me the entire time you
know when you have a dentist and the
guilt caught in your teeth you can feel
it in back if none of that
they put like this mask on me so like
nothing kicked back into the back of my
throat
it was really good my mouth like but it
had to swallow - like just saliva like
builds up in mouth and then you'll hear
me like some dribbling and stuff like
that but hopefully I don't dribble on
camera that would just be weird but yeah
it went really well you know it was it
took an hour I got out of the way but
I'm still not finished next Monday I've
got another wait another week and gotta
wait a week until I go and get the
filling done cuz what you did is they
basically say this is the tooth
they cut the top of the tooth off so
it's gone and it's just a flat thing
then they drill into a bit more and they
drill into the say this is your root in
your teeth they drill inside it to make
it Hollow and then you fill it in so
they get these little tiny files and
it's drilling mm-hmm and it drills out
like your roots so it's like hollow like
that rather than being thick its Hollow
and yeah they fill that in with like
stuff like a filling stuff and then they
put you put cotton wool in it because
I'm not like at the next stage to need
that to settle they put cotton wool in
it then they put like a fake like just a
plaster of Paris cap they said which
disintegrates so I've got to go and get
a fill-in put in in that section and
then they do the build-up of the tooth
and then they put a crown on my tooth so
I've got two more operations if the
kulluk operations but I've got two more
appointments let's say that until I'm
fully done and
it all just goes smoothly that went
great you know it took an hour they said
it was gonna take two and they did it in
an hour and one sitting so I'm happy I'm
surviving myself flamingos like flipping
flippers with their flippin vaginas God
don't my lip is like I can't even see
you ready I don't know if you could see
it but like all my teeth like this and
there's just one tooth that's like wait
how am I gonna show you this like this
it's like all my teeth are like this and
then it goes like two tooth tooth so
it's like like that and then it's like
yeah it's like that that indent is what
my teeth look like right now because
they had to cut it in half to get to the
root so yeah I'm gonna have to go in get
my tooth rebuilt back up and yeah
hopefully it just goes good guys but
other than that great news my your PC in
the UK arrived which is fucking sweet so
if you're not falling into it go check
me out on Twitter and because if you go
and see that you'll know it's that I
posted a photo of it looks really weird
the tower looks crazy a big shout-out to
Nvidia for this and video UK or Nvidia
yeah yeah will fact the UK side so thank
you to Nvidia for that because they're
the guys who hooked me up with the PC
which is just really awesome of them
guys and Ben from Nvidia was just like
oh damn it I knew I was getting wet I
said when on the trampoline and what
leaked out of it but yeah thank you to
Ben from Nvidia UK that's really awesome
if you up and we've been working on it
for a while try to get the PC side
because now it should be able to with
the pcs that I've got off these guys I
should be able to record stream
everything just like a beast so we're
talking like Battlefield 4 Ultra
settings and rendering in no time and
that's our stuff so it's gonna be really
really cool so stay tuned for that
and but I'm also just waiting for my PC
out here in the States guys because if
that gets done that I can start making
epic minecraft videos and all that sort
of videos out here as well which should
be really cool so by the way I would
like to take this up with as soon as
that tube right and it will affect my
vision because I got more than that but
yeah so thanks for invidious that I need
some name suggestions for the PC so if
you wanna leave a comment below by all
means do so
yeah billion what else and we got built
we're on a billion views
ever since going good i stream GTA last
night for a while I'm gonna try and edit
I've got a lot of footage I just need to
edit and cook together and post it's
like funny moments and stuff just like I
want to just upload the stream but we'll
just see how these things go yeah I
think I think that's about everything
guys just wait to let you know that I'm
okay after this I took a selfie whilst I
was gettin Sergio's like I love yoga
shelf it was like wow look a hinge and
it took a selfie right there he's dead
for anything were like yeah that's fine
and we'll do another one they put the
mask over me again like this it's like a
plastic thing that just stops any shit
going like down you throat or anything
so I was just like they put it across me
and I took it like that and yeah it
works out really funny so yeah now I
can't eat and I'm absolutely starving so
I I had we had like I had a small
breakfast and now I'm just like really
really hungry so I can't eat anything
until this numbness stares down so then
this dies down I gotta take like eight
advil at eight paracetamol and then I
can go and eat and I'm not allowed to
eat anything hard so I have to go any
like burger think that's a bit of a
mushy food I've owned eat a burger or a
hot dog or smart so yeah America
remember guys I just thought I'd let you
know what's going on with my surgery
that should be all good I've got some
really cool things coming up soon
don't forget minecraft animation on
Friday is going to be insanely good like
when I say insanely good it's gonna be
crazy awesome and you guys mind should
be blown from it other than that the
next thing is the 1 billion video
animation that's gonna be I'm working on
that as well can't do at the moment
because I'm doing the voice-over for it
and I'm all numb so I can't do that
today I'm supposed to do it today but
forgot about the surgery I literally
found out about the surgery again
yesterday someone was like time you're
doing it tomorrow
oh shit yeah I was like yay great dude
gotta get my TV room tomorrow yeah but
also got some really cool things with
some shooting games coming up so saying
no names are saying nothing we'll stay
tuned for that she'd be pretty sick well
that guys I might be going to San
Francisco shortly this is a machete
machete for the win and I'm gonna go
much love thanks for all the support
follow me on Twitter leave a like rating
subscribe see you guys next time
fucking mad bitches
