looks like I only have half a face so
I'm gonna do half a face blog I'm
actually gonna do it like this hopefully
I think you can genuinely see half my
face according to this light that I'm on
anyway but hey guys how's it going I've
got my head so I could like just
dismantle it but I'm doing a blog like a
supplies I have to work my bedroom where
the light is like perfect cuz here the
lights up there where you can't see like
my face at all so like if I face this
way it's just bright white so I'm facing
like half and half so anyway wonder if I
minimize this well this is lightweight
and it glows there you go it's not
better I don't know I prefer it looking
like bright wakes and I'm like I look
like the Geo Chris and through but
anyway and hey how's it going and I'm
get my daily vlog out now I'm just
organizing I can't look that well could
be half faced and just doing some like
you can only see this like doing a side
like okay it keeps you from you okay
okay good and be nice t-shirt in the
world on I got my monkey bomb t-shirt on
this is absolutely awesome can't say I
got that from secret sauce secret sauce
of sauce but in my finally new today
playing zombies all day no I'm trying
like yeah I'll do it from here
I've been playing zombies all day and
since I got up at like 2 o'clock all I
did was come here play zombies I played
I put like two hours of Darice I derived
I rise not the only one they will the
war and then I played on black ops one I
played moon I played that for about two
hours and then I played bush step oh I
was trying to hide round on that but
instead I've Karen used it as a
discussion thing that's gonna be as a
video coming out soon and then I just
fight ROTC with randoms and that was a
lot of fun bit difficult but I'm editing
all up into a video now I'll try and try
and show you right now there's me
editing it's a lot of footage so that'll
be upload everyday for people who
wondered about some business to fire so
daily live commentary of zombies coming
back a lot of people asked for this when
I get back I'm gonna be streaming a lot
and hopefully when I'm out with Kaitlyn
I'm going to try and find out about what
internet she's gonna get our house see
if we can sorry I'll try and get good
internet and I'll just live stream all
the time I'll sell out there with K
which is pretty awesome and Q&A for this
channel everyone's like where is it you
think you were gonna give it was he's
gonna have probably hold off what I'm
thinking is because K is gonna do a
question Q a thing
channel I'm thinking of doing one
together so let me do a QA of my channel
and then we do rest it on hers that's
our thing so you like a little bit of
collaboration would you be awesome
whichever one wants to see now and again
so I think that's a good idea and yeah
it's that pretty much over I think
that's pretty much everything and I want
to go watch Gangster Squad again on a
bigger screen TV that would be amazing
I watched it yesterday and it was too
small so I'm hopefully gonna go much
here and before I go out to the states
I'm going down to London on Monday
that's when I'm going to that place with
that company some going down on Monday
so she was pretty epic and I've gotta
get all my stuff packed all my videos
that I can make made and then hopefully
I'll continue minecraft when I'm out
there with Kade cuz guys got a gaming pc
if it's good enough and I'll I'll do it
out there so I've got a pack up like
loads my equipment like my gaming stuff
my microphone my cameras my camera
stands until five take out the stage
with me everything's gonna be awesome so
yeah pretty much sums up everything I'm
gonna chill it and play some more
zombies that much they're gonna play
some more zombies and so like one
o'clock tomorrow and go to bed but guys
I hope you're having a great day that
just sums up quickly what I'm doing and
if I need to tell you anything that is
just don't worry I will be putting up
the girls whilst I'm away I'm not taking
a four month off and I would just like
some really live streaming a lot I think
that's something I'd rather do and it'd
be nice to be able to livestream like
every day for two hours if I could do
that that'd be so awesome on like an
hour at least that'd be really good
because then you can guys could know
when to chew and watch the stream and
stuff and I could play like a whole
range of games but it just really
depends on what Kate's in and that's
like so I guess we'll see where we guys
were thank you for watching thanks for
the support on this channel it's been
insane honestly
showing so much love and even on the
main channel I feel like any random like
around a video you guys show so much
look so thank you so much to all the
people who are like leaving comments
supporting and stuff like that yeah I
want to know something whereabouts you
all from because this is ours look at my
demographics and it's so strange like
it's not just like mainly us or mainly
UK obviously it is like mainly UK you
can'tyou UK and then us so ever but then
there's like loads of different
countries so I see where you are now so
comment where you're from I want to see
that right now okay and let you know I'm
from England if you didn't know that I'm
a British man that's ordering and I have
half a face yeah
