hi guys so today is kind of a big day
because we're so close to something so
epic now I'm gonna show you I don't
think you're gonna be able to see it
because the numbers might be the other
way around but look how crazy this is
please get home you considers if you go
to my channel and you click about like
syndicate project for such about my view
count a resume 999 million nine hundred
thousand four hundred and fifty five use
I would not even know is that I'm 90,000
views away from 1 billion YouTube views
this is just crazy
this is Matt Emma Stone what do you
think yeah no okay guys its Creed 1
billion YouTube views what like what the
fuck does that even what does that mean
what does it mean Robbie where are you
what does that mean
so close I'm like a knight well I'm
90,000 away we're gonna play a share
patch I throw a party I'm gonna fog I'm
gonna play and and in good news in more
good news I was on the phone to raise it
today because they were like will
happily take care of the PC we'll see
what's wrong because we don't know what
it is and I look knackered today but
they were like yeah we'll take care of
the PC we'll see what's wrong
and I was like ok guys just just in case
I will try and turn on the PC again just
to fully describe what happens and
usually I press it the green light comes
on nothing happens and the PC just
doesn't turn on and you don't hit any
fan or anything and now now the blade
turned on didn't it oh my god you can't
believe I was on the phone in with with
Razer talking about getting it started
and they were like listen I'm sorry
about this we'll get it fixed and
everything should be fired and the Razer
guys are awesome about it you know like
the support teams great we'll cut all
the dots on the wall and I was like
sweet and I went let me just let me just
try and turn it on again and whilst I
was doing I was like watch it turn on
now whilst I'm on the phone to you and I
pressed it and it just went boom and I
was like no so I put my laptop down and
just looked at it and like just fell
like no you're not about to turn on are
you I wanted it to but because I was and
in this call I've been going for salt
what the fuck is happen and I've been
going for that long like tracks are my
laptop we've raised it you know like two
days just get excited Alex I've been
like really busy now I'm like three
hours top discussing about getting it
fixed
and all you care in the background is
the window sound and like to do and then
and then the judge could hear it through
my mic and he was just like that was
your PC run it and I just hung up the
phone I was like no this did not just
happen
I cannot do this I'm so good but at the
same time I'm stoked because now I can
get the footage so I'm still gonna send
it and repair because he had like a
apparently an improper shutdown it said
like Ken what we like numbers everyone
is like improper shutdown I was like
holy shit isn't gonna carry on working
and luckily it did and it's doing still
chilling in the background there so yeah
so right now guys as you can see it says
Comic Con footage there I've got it I'm
gonna start editing the footage for the
main channel hopefully I've got enough
content on there to be able to make a
good wipe video show in the whole zombie
escape thing now I know when I use this
camera when I did it I did two runs but
the when I did the second run I was
using this camera and what actually
spilt down onto the microphones there
then look to old arts they spilt down
onto it and the audio gets super muffled
so you can't really hear what's going on
and it goes from like yeah yeah yeah
fuck cuz I did the first time in the
footage was shit started a second time
the footage was good but then the audio
is bad so yeah really sucks but and we
go back out and some for a bit guys it's
quite to say I'm nearly a billion
YouTube views that is so crazy
and if you new to this channel make sure
you click subscribe button and we'd be
like doing daily vlogs and stuff I
usually if I've got something like
Austin to tell you then I'll like do a
vlog and tell you about it because it's
like something cool but if I haven't
then I try I'm gonna go and go out and
do stuff and be in new places and I
might even do another vlog today but if
I do then I probably up the next day
just so you know it's consistent content
for you guys so make sure you tune back
into this channel leave a like rating
subscribe make sure you follow me on
Twitter as well cuz we're at nearly a
billion views that's crazy but what's
the even crazier is that I'm a 908 -
1012 followers think big I set as a goal
for this year to get to a million
Twitter followers I think I was on like
500,000 or something and I think I
might've even been on like was it it
wasn't 250,000 was it that might have
been last year to get 250,000 Bob guys
this year let's do it it's go for a
million followers so make sure you
follow me linked in the description just
open it up check it out and by the way
the new syndicate charge t-shirts gonna
be large and soon so stay tuned I'm
gonna wait for someone to come and drop
off the new delivery so that's gonna be
awesome
so I love your faces you guys have been
awesome million billion views makes you
go crazy in the comments and fuck mad
bitches get money and I don't know what
that saw someone please tell me that
where I'm getting these song lyrics from
cuz I know get fuck bitches get money is
some lyrics but I said fuck my bitches
that's just a thing I say I don't know
why in the poet a she's still got the
beard is still growing I've got my chin
as well but it's still growing we'll see
how things go but anyway guys I love
your faces I'll see you guys next time
adios
