ah hello um I thought I'd do this today
because it's a great day for a what look
good oh you he's there again it's a
walking little rug muncher well possibly
not read much I spoke with not the best
of words but can you hear it
can can you hear that noise it's raining
it was worse before but it's it's
literally just stopped it's been raining
all day
ah Oh spots start back up again today
has not been the best day so far yep
this is my third day in LA and it's wet
it's getting wet Wert Wert whoo let's go
see Dougie Dugger yeah yo yo yo yo yo yo
Dawg yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yeah you wait
and the dog left so yeah you can hear
the rain listen that's rain look at me
is that is that you fucking move right
now but anyway I'm back and I'm here to
talk about just everything and anything
mainly just to show you the rain because
it apparently was supposed to rain but
then I know like I was like Sally never
rains it's LA it's Los Angeles it's the
the West golden coast of July it's
called the golden coast because everyone
rushed to the west coast I found gold in
your mind it opened that's why my son
JAL's appeared that's probably wrong
well anyway I tried I tried and guessed
and I'm just I'm stressing out today
because guys I've broke my blade I've
broke my blade and we're gonna do a
moment of truth I've tried charging it
overnight just to see if the battery
just needed like new key and we're gonna
see if the blade turns out because look
here's the baby blade the baby the baby
blazed like dirt we're cool don't you
unfortunately a mite might be broken so
you ready let's try this let's do it
together
goodbye he's dead
that blit I don't know what's up with it
right so if people were wondering what
happened to my blade I will reenact it
so I'm sat here so just stretch out my
bed all right so I'm sat here and I'm
just like just downloading loads of porn
on my computer like yeah yes I did it
this how do it all look at all this I
was actually planning my dentist trip
and I was doing that and all of a sudden
I saw this and just scurry
underneath the laptop so I went like
this literally held it up and I won't
squash
put it down and I said I quote I had the
last laugh there didn't I ant and I was
like you know just pretending like you
know humans being like the mastery
sounds like squash and and then flick me
out out of the way and then put my
laptop that buck down I had a black
screen and I thought what what would
happen now this is kind of weird and ooh
what's going on and unfortunately my
laptop just decided to die so I have no
idea why that happened but I think we
can all agree that there and had the
last laugh denieth inception there was
something else oh yes it was gonna show
you the summer I got this new bed dinner
in this room but I looked at my bed
today cuz I my pillows are up dead high
like this I'm gonna move them look what
my bed's done what the fuck is this part
of me wants to say it's the Sun cuz
you're not the Sun from from here is
like heat up the wood and make it made
expand all this war going on it what I
can't understand why what would have got
on it like I'm really confused as to
what why this has happened like the
whole thing seems to have this seems to
have expanded and what you can it lifted
it up for some reason so I'm going to
try and get some black paint awesome
like super strong boiler and glue it
down but for now I'm just using my
pillows to decorate I've got I got a
super comfy bed I'm not gonna lie I got
super comfy bed and you know what I'm
talking about I went to comic-con and I
didn't even oh no no that's why I need
that laptop back fuck
it's got on a footage editor let me find
it I'll find it I did this look at me
look The Walking Dead escape run I did
that as a pass
I'm so good like you're all shit off my
lid off my job you basically run from
zombies in real life and it shows you
how I'm fit you i if you think this is
on apocalypse and you're like oh yeah
don't worry I'm just gonna run away from
a zombie you try fucking running from
zombies
Tucker what are you doing do you think
he could have survived running from
zombies baby yeah you can't do it you
can't do it I can do it he can't do it
alright so we're just is this thing like
where you have to run through this
baseball park and you just like you're
sprint sprint sprint sprint sprint and
the zombies try catch you and they've
got ink on the hands if you touch you
that that's it you're out and I have a
lot of footage on that laptop so
here looking for that and this is where
I did it this is where I was I was sat
right here I didn't practice there was
nothing there was nothing but my just
aunt was still here where I II little
shit dead somewhere but I was literally
here I would like I would lift crush put
it back down
it died so it wasn't a good day for me
I'm just not happy about it I don't know
what I'm gonna do at x-rays it
I literally not I R and raise it as soon
as that I Suz it into my car I rang
razor and I was like broke it they were
like what bro broke it will you break
bro the laptop which one the razor blade
17 inch and they're like fuck you but
now they were nice and they're good
we're going to try and fix it hopefully
we can fix it and I'm not going to get
in any trouble because yeah and this is
our this is our wall by the way this is
a artwork wall you'll just know is it
combines it's working asses and how to
twerk and then penises
this is the scoping game sure if you
didn't know this place where we are the
game of Shore and then what is that what
oh yes and oh what the fuck I did when I
got hitting right you have to draw
something on it does that draw a dick so
I drew a dick and and someone said oh
yeah okay that's not great I didn't know
that said that okay so we're just going
to walk up to see that the art were
looking so good I'm gonna wrap this up
just wait to let you know that I did I
did plan an edit in that footage so you
could see I did the at comic-con footage
add loads booth babe footage still like
and cosplay footage because I already
know I did my cosplay video on my main
channel but yeah unfortunately the
walking dead footage he's on that
something I don't I don't know how to
get it off he's like no like removable
hard drive so kind of suck so if I do
find a way or I just get a laptop fixed
I will give you the footage and check
out my core t-shirt that's right it's
cool and to quickly answer everyone's
questions as to what the fuck is this
right this is residue like this is
residue glue this is glue let's one got
a glue gun and like glued it on team I'd
blame team our care team an I'm blaming
you
and basically he stuck soundproofing on
it so when he's commentating there the
echo of the sound doesn't bounce between
the walls and when he left the room he
ripped it all off and thought it was a
good idea because that's
also there so when I was drunk one night
I peeled all of the black stuff off that
wall but you can still see the glue and
on that wall I've just got to get drunk
one night and peel all that off so yeah
let's do it now I've got the great
honour of cleaning up my fridge which is
going on all day because I left a load
of cheese in there when I went two
months ago and I asked the guys like can
you empty it and they didn't so I pulled
out a black of a block of black cheese
from my fridge yep that happened so I'm
going to go now much love I couldn't see
this is great we've met with my vision
now it's lasered I can see like all the
houses and my people and birds and trees
and mad bitches dad all right guys I'm
gonna go exciting to clean my fridge but
otherwise I've got some cool news coming
about my my mobile game that I'm working
on with seananners so stay tuned and
follow me on Twitter
we're so close to a million followers
this is crazy so make sure you follow me
and I'll fight you or 1v1 you with a
frigging sock what's your weapon of
choice mmm
