oh my god you won't believe I just have
to sprint it in for my office because
someone just tweeted me saying he's
supposed to be doing daily vlogs and I
thought I've logged earlier today but I
forgot to I'd go this is I need to get
this for this kind of like a woman if
like I'm so sorry but i'll try and do
one after the net i'll do one again so
then i get tomorrow's done but I almost
forgot to upload this so that was pretty
bad but yeah what can I talk about
everything's good I've got some really
big plans in the works with something to
do with my youtube channel and stuff at
so that's gonna be awesome I've gonna be
quickly talk about this and with that
that's really cool and the nuke videos
I've been doing everyone seems to love
them the double new gets got so much
response in it you guys are going crazy
on the likes like I know I say like if
you want to like the video and do it but
like it got like twenty four thousand
likes and that was crazy and it was a
nuke video is modern warfare two video
like no one pulls that sort of likes on
a modern warfare two video so thank you
so much for that support that's crazy
and we hit and 2.1 million subscribers
on the main shell that's just like mine
blow it's crazy i'm not too sure what
i'm going to do for that and i'm gonna
do the Q&A hopefully tomorrow for
syndicate central this channel and for
those who've been massively spot in this
channel thank you probably my hair still
spiked up and yeah 30 seconds and yeah
just thanks for all the support the QA
tomorrow and I think we're almost on
320,000 on this channel which is crazy
but I've just been sat on youtube
watching videos if you go on my main
channel click feet and look at all the
feet you'll see I've just like loads of
funny videos and one's a koala one's a
really bad video of like this Russian
ball falling off a cliff which was just
horrible like 10,000 feet this big ball
just fell off the cliff he was like that
just happen yes I did were what the hell
I was mad and yes some some of her funny
ones of like this kid drinking water
bottle in my 10 seconds you're and just
inhales it but guys this been a
two-minute blog I'm sorry this is really
quick let's get 50 million likes on this
video and boobs yeah Oh still going
