hey guys how's it going to syndicate
here I'm feeling a lot but not like I'm
not fixed I'm not 100% not a old boy I'm
feeling really good
I took flu tablets I've been drinking
like lemsip flu drinks and stuff a lot
but I'm feeling good apart from my
throat my throat hurt and more than
anything I'm getting like coughing I
woke up this morning my body was like
we've got we've got we've got some
energy inside us we got some energy but
instead you're gonna have a headache and
you're gonna feel better you thought so
and that's how I've been feeling today
not too bad not too good but yeah I'm
I'm coping hopefully tomorrow fingers
and eyes crossed I'm gonna be fine by
tomorrow I hope it well I hope it passes
soon cuz I I've got a certain package to
open and I'm gonna do an unboxing video
for when I open this bad boy package I
still don't know what it is I'm still
tempted whether or not I want to open it
or not and but yeah it's been pretty
cool a lot of people have been asking
about the peel box because I don't know
I keep getting packages it's crazy like
I was like I'm gonna open a pill box and
some person turned up with a package
like nan o'clock at night and I was like
I said I'm gonna put a pill box and they
were like don't worry we're from London
and I was like okay I'm screwed so not
sure ever it's a funnel not we'll find
out soon but and yeah man proper proper
proper proper stoked mmm to just get
ready and what is that wait where's the
green laser there's usually a green
laser in my room and every slot but em
yeah no just vacuum room I kind of like
volume in my room because the light is
like up there instead of behind me so
don't look like I'm in a major shadow
all the time but I'm not doing anything
useful today I just want to talk what
about a thing topic today and that's
women remember that oh it's gonna say is
it okay and yeah it is and but I just
need to get this off my chest I did put
it on Twitter but just gonna do it
anyway I think when girls have their
hair up like you know I could ponytail
something that I think that is sex is
hell I cells not sexy what
it's the same it's sexy it's so sexy
change did a new vlog and a hair was up
and I was just like she knows it I love
her no matter what she looks like
everything and it doesn't matter but
when she puts her hair up I am just like
oh god she's gorgeous that like I can't
help it and she put a new vlog up and I
saw her and I was like oh man she's so
hot
I just got help it like women look ten
times more attractive in my eyes with
the hair up fact I don't know what it is
if you've got it's what turns you on
about a girl don't go too sexual here
just be like personality that's our
thing that's something like girls got a
mint personality before you even think
about dating them that's the number one
thing and then like whatever goes in
after that but I'm not going on sex
topic now because I'll probably get
shredded apart we're not going to see
Kate next but like honestly like hair up
on a girl I think is just so sexy and
it's awesome but and yeah I don't think
I really have anything to talk about
over then I'm getting better which is
great it's Buddha great you know what
it's it's great um sure I'm gonna go
back in my room listen to some music and
continue these daily blogs said I was
gonna do it this is a daily vlog I was
gonna upload a seven second video of me
going making a face and but I decided
not to
and the fact diet so just wait to do a
normal vlog and so if you want to see
that seven second video let me know to
comment saying seven second video and if
we get 10,000 comments say in seven
second video they don't do it maybe
trains but yeah and following on Twitter
to ask me some questions I'm gonna
answer a few and before until I get
Twitter jailed
I got a thoughts I've got a verified
account I couldn't get Twitter so it's
replying to comments all the time and
then I got Twitter jailed me and yeah
that's good I was trying replied to
every was like yes I can't get Twitter
jail reply it's like 100 people and then
I got twittg out says that no but yeah
thanks for all the support guys on the
main channel I think we're on three no
two million and 80,000 subscribers now
that's crazy
we're only on 70,000 yesterday that's
not so we could look like 10,000 a day
now it's just banana crazy and then like
this channel I think we run like
10,000 subscribers which is backflipping
ly funny ly awesome didn't expect that
but everyone just seems to be enjoying
the daily vlogs and share our new daily
works and keep doing them and yeah I
can't wait I think I need to get a pure
bauxite because then people can send in
packages that hopefully won't cost you
anything I don't know what let's try and
get let's try and get to do companies to
do it though like if companies do it
like we're gonna send you a flip-flop
it's still something for me to open you
know what I mean
and then it just makes the vlogs more
interesting we can over that oh it's in
the back edge like what's in the box
I hopefully that'd be a cool idea but
yeah I like opening presents why I love
Christmas
I love I prefer giving gifts but it is
always cool to open a gift I'm sure you
can all understand that but all right
guys I'm gonna shoot now I'm goes to
some music and then probably a few hours
get in bed cuz I had the craziest dream
right last night that my house got
robbed and this is this is somebody what
Maddie was house got robbed then my dad
caught the guy robbing the house and got
all our stuff back what the guy in my
dad's car outside my dad I woke up in a
mud scare my TV was gone and so I was
like what the hell what happened and my
dad was like in his room with all my
gadget computer everything in his room
and he's like we caught the guy I was
like where is he ran outside the guide
wrote managed to hotwire my dad's car
drove off I managed to snap my dad's
windscreen wiper off smashed the window
with it grabbed the guy out and I just
be the guy to like almost part of them
don't I'm a violent why'd you even say
that I just had a very angry dream but
then right this is our way this dream
got so then I beat this guy up yeah and
then next move my dad came running over
going stop stop stopping I'm like why am
I getting arrested the symphony was like
no and this for this big cheater look we
like six guys they all jumped out of it
he was like his mates arere and I was
like oh she and the guy came over to me
and they were they were gonna beat me
all but one of the songs was a fan of me
like crazy turn of events they were all
gonna like jump me but then it was like
they were listen was sorry about this my
son's a huge fan will take care of him
they picked this guy up threw him in the
back of the Jeep that and it was like
related to him some people's like their
uncle and he was like fucking
Jim why Jeff what he doing threw him in
the back of the Jeep and then the dad
came
had Asuma it was like talking to his dad
in the car whilst her about to drive off
while shouting at him in the back dad
came over gave me $1,000 bill American
money I was like we're sorry about
everything I hope that covers the costs
of the doll I think he broke the door or
something and just said keep doing what
you do and drove off I almost beat this
guy to like a living pulp which was
crazy so yeah that was one interesting
dream and just now someone's just
animated my previous dreamer I did you
know driving a public which I liked on
the main channel so if you wanna go
check out check that out and if that
person who does the animation you want
to try and animate that dream then good
look that'd be quite fun we call a
series like sandy could streams animated
that'd be awesome
anyway guys that was my crazy dream what
was yours and boobs
