you and now looking into my new office
uh yeah yes you are hey guys it's in the
key here and changes are here okay so
I've got a lot of things to talk about
today but these things is look at this
look at this this is Welles I can take
you on like a pre a pre tour of my house
before that it's bill okay so this is
crazy like I already said how it's gonna
go and I know you guys have seen the
plans and stuff but anyway this is the
house you know I like I'm trying to keep
you updated and know I'm not always
wearing the same clothes by the way that
people say this is my riding gift my
bikes and so here
welcome to the games room this is this
is the games room this is where there's
gonna be like the one setup and stuff
like this and I'm diving straight into
this book walk through this doorway here
and oh there's a staircase leading up
upstairs to the bedrooms in the hallway
and everything like this and you walk
through here and then you've got like
some something there I don't know what
and then like the washroom over there
and you go through here and you got this
nice open space you can have a bathroom
over there doorway to the swimming pool
there doorway to the porch way there and
this is like my office which is going to
be nice and open and this guy's this
corner here it's going to be where I'm
gonna sit so this is where I'm going to
be sat like in this corner with like a
desk going from like there across there
so I can exit that way where I'm going
to like do all my videos from ants to
fly it's crazy I'm just gonna move this
block got me trap or cameras down does
not work where can I put you know I got
this all right yeah this is oh that's a
good place so this this is going to be
where I sit in game this is going to be
literally where I'm going to be sat like
this we had to see out of a big window
there looking out onto the field in the
back of the garden I'm just going to sit
here I will play video games how cool is
that so yeah I thought I did
eclectic Negron orangutan gook but yeah
this is crazy like I've been speaking
about I was like hey dude has the house
go and he's like it's gone right and he
didn't tell me where like all these
walls open stuff ball this is crazy to
put it in a perspective of I'm literally
so hard to show you with this camera but
like I'm walking through door by the way
that the walls aren't going to be this
high they're still being built but look
like it's so crazy to think this is like
you could
walk through my house so far this is
like I said the gaming room like this
could be a big land set up in there I
think like a 4 V 4 month LAN so up so I
could host like mini tournaments for me
like I've already said but anyway that
out of the way I got some updates I'm on
5 million subscribers I'm getting close
to a billion views changes happening my
house is being built and I want to get
up and travel a lot more I know you guys
like what we want videos and I know I
know I'm thinking about don't worry you
probably hear any of that swear my hand
was bought I make it a big decision my
life for since I was like 13 I realized
I need glasses because one day my mom
took me to church I don't go often for
some reason but when one slip it's
Church because she's a Christian and she
was like okay we're gonna we're gonna
sing some hymns so I was like fuck yeah
yeah bring it bitches and their so I
stood at the back of the church like I
usually do on to some day and I just
stood there like reading these these
lyrics on the projector and I was like
well I can't I can't read that and she's
like are you tired eyes must be tired I
was like oh no yeah really can't read it
so she won't go close to different
someone close to the front I could read
it she was like you need glasses I was
like fuck so I wore glasses for long
distance but I hardly ever wear em you
guys never see me wearing them but it's
finally got to a point where I want to
trouble
I don't get off I'm gonna go to like
Thailand I wanna go to Southeast a
Southeast Asians about that and I wanna
be able to go and I want to be able to
just go and have to worry about glasses
or contacts or anything like that and
just go with like phone passport wallet
bag that's its warrant it's what I want
to take and I finally made the decision
that I'm gonna get laser laser
Oh laser eye surgery for my eyes because
I'm fed up of traveling and breaking
them on losing them and you know had not
been able to see something or like
missing someone walk he passed me that
recognizing weren't like that or who I
knows a friend because I've got so I've
had so many friends if I'm like a charm
and shout him in the distance now that
yeah right the buzzer there that sort of
thing and things got to fight now or I
want to it my eyes laces so Wednesday
two days um thinks two days is it
tomorrow no two days I'm going and I'm
gonna go go and get a check-up with my
eyes and let them see whether or not I
can get my eyes glaze it and if I can
that means I'm gonna go and get and do
it on Saturday it takes before thing
takes three hours I think to like
consult you after you've had your first
like to actually get it done like you do
the consultant on the Wednesday and then
it's usually like you wait a few weeks
but they had a booking free and so I'm
gonna go in on the Saturday and I'm
gonna get my eyes do please Regan
hopefully and if it all goes well that
means a cat travel for two weeks now I
know that does suck in my blog would why
is that so is because I'm supposed to be
in LA right now I know cuz I'm vlogging
again I work to be doing these vlogs on
my second channel you know of me out in
the States show you my room a bit more
show you a bit more of that and to show
you my day-to-day life whilst when I'm
in America but seeing as though I have
like no like work or any reasons to be
in America at the moment over then like
friends and adventures and stuff like
that I thought you know what I can hold
off I can actually hold off and go into
the state so that's what I'm doing I'm
going to hold off from the turn put you
here I'm going to hold off I got this is
gonna fall and smash and its head and go
on YouTube alright so yeah why not put
you that high like me
alright so yeah I'm holding off on going
to America it kind of sucks because I'm
supposed to be out there last month but
I am paying rent for a place out there
I'm not even staying up but that was the
decision I made because I knew I might
be there for a month
and then not in here in the UK for a
month so wasting my rent living my dad
that's all thing but like I just made
the decision of I think it's important
to get my eyes done cuz I've been
talking about it for three months and
I'm finally decided I'm going to do it
and then if it all goes well the reason
why I can't go out to states like as
soon as I get it done is because after
three days apparently you can use
computers and stuff all up fine
like back to normal but you know odds
fly for two weeks because of the cabin
pressure but like you cannot fly because
your eyes might explode thank you
and so kind I don't wanna risk my eyes
explode on me what the fuck
that's a fucking sheep look at it hey
hey wait wait wait stop it not
wait that's so weird this is a fucking
sheep camping in my field we doing camp
it's not my field
what are you doing camping motherfucker
it's just like me man leave me love bare
skills yeah so that's what's going on I
know I'm like all over the place with
this ball it's just mad because I've
just literally made a decision now of
like that I usually go to my opticians
like who's the number to call bring them
and I was like yo yeah they give me a
leaflet and I'd lose it so literally
just went on Google's like laser eye
surgery in Manchester I have it was like
boom fun place rang them spoke to a
woman she booked it in and I'm going on
Wednesday to get consulted and hopefully
get it done on Saturday and then in two
weeks time go out two states when I feel
like it
Paula can watch the states because then
if I go from the states on the like two
weeks have to get my eyes done
I'll be fine back a week later to come
to Eurogamer or in two weeks it will be
Eurogamer
and then that'll be four days at
Eurogamer I'm gonna be there every day
which is gonna be crazy with you guys
and then and then it's much my best
friend's 21st so I've got to be there
I've got to be here for that as well so
you know like got responsibilities met
was this do tap nothing I've got
responsibilities so it's crazy yeah so
it looks like I'm gonna be saying in the
UK for another month I would love to do
a meet-up between now and then like in
Manchester or some other like I don't
know where every Manchester may be near
like where the grass thing is in the
building looks like a ski slope it's
like the Arndale Centre or some a lot
booked to do me above to really cool but
I don't do me open it be like boring or
awkward like I love to do me open just
like chill come say hi don't want to
grab a photo or shake your guy's hands
and say thank you for all support and
she'll love to do that and like set it
for in a set amount of time and so it
doesn't just get that weird like Abba
della I'm gonna be here for an hour
I come say hi say aye and then I'm gonna
get a skadoosh I could do it before I
going up my Isley's it that'd be sick
but yeah I'm pretty busy doing that the
bid load it ah mate mate this is a level
12 bit on this side here are they mmm
yeah no I'm not I'm rocking the ultimate
porno to a shit moment but I'm getting
there I'm slowly getting that spin it's
been a week and a half now I'm getting
towards a two week mark I'm going to say
if it's worth keeping or it's worth
shaving but I'm a trooper and I am think
of a man pretty confident on the man but
the facial the facial
is not really determining this yeah I
got to keep it growing and see how it
turns out but that's about everything I
know I do these vlogs super long and I
talk really fast I talk to this slower
like hey what's up guys Tommy and I'm
just chillin they be like 50 minute
vlogs I certain wants to watch that but
guys that's why everything I'm fuckin
it's so many positions in life with my
head at the moment things are going good
thank you so much honestly for the
support on the hunting optic video that
I did like that was guys the best that I
mean it so much like the support on all
my videos at the moments been crazy like
whether it's just clicking a like right
now I said this at the end of my optic
one but even if it's a video that's not
minecraft or anything that people been
showing a load of support on the likes
in the comments like great video or
whatever lot I'm just like you know what
really appreciate I thank you and you
guys are just delicious mmm
I'm sorry I'm dead oh I can't believe
this walls in my house I can't I'm like
literally like right now right now I'm
in my office I just open the double
doors to walk into my office and then
I'm walking around my office and now I'm
not in my office I mean where the bar is
gonna be I'm not gonna have a bar I'm
joking and then here is going to be my
games room and this is like when I'm
going to like arcade machines and casino
table I'm gonna make a poker business
that's where I'm going
because this is like a six minute vlog
again because I'm just good at doing
this thing but guys hope you do an
awesome stay epic if you're starting
school soon any advice I can give you a
lot of people keep asking from this and
is just have fun like get along people
but I like the same interest as you
don't try fit in when you're not
supposed to fit in be you when you're
developing your own life as being who
you are like I went there and I hung
around with like a bunch of people for
out school and I was in every like one
set category of groups or friends or
anything that and I'll give you this I
know it's a bit of a harsh tip but if
you've lived with a book if you live
near the person start in high school and
you know the friends you've been friends
for ages yeah you're probably a friends
of them but I'll tell you this I went to
a school that was about an hour and a
half up not an hour away from me and I
met all these friends and there were all
legends and all great guys to this day
but one of my teachers said to me like
Tom you always talk to them mess about
with them that sort of thing like you
know during break or whatever you get in
trouble and with their
I was talking and just messing about on
doing that sort of stuff but she said to
me he was Miss bodkin called you out
there you know what blue cut that she's
at blue Co so if I don't is from blue
coats you tell that was a good piece of
advice she gave me and was Tom the
chances are you're never going to speak
to these guys after you leave this place
and I got all aggressive like how dare
you say that like this is my friends but
I left that school and I don't speak to
90% of the people he went to that school
true fact or even 95 99 percent and
that's not me being at lea social it's
just that I had a lot of friends back
home in the U in my local area compared
to my friends that I was at school in
album a Manchester Oldham and they were
from Rochdale so it was like me their
school there than their I don't want to
go from there to there to seaman see
them all the time and they neither did
they want to go from there to see me so
it was like we were friends and we did
have pies and we go to each other's
houses to fire but it just wasn't
convenient unfortunately I did end up
not seeing a lot of him the rest of my
life sucks and I would love to do me up
with him again just go I mean you're
like just get together and get some
drinks but yeah big piece of advice is
like don't get yourself in a lot of
trouble
with people who you're just not going to
see again and you're like choose your
friends wisely like seriously item
amazing friends from school and I'll
never regret any moments with them it
was all legendary and I'll never look
back but I had a great time
someone's creeping up on my house now so
I'm gonna go and investigate guys I love
you make sure you subscribe to this
channel dude look more of these like
going Dean thing but have fun at school
you have a great time honestly when
people say it gets it gets better a lot
trust me
you have nothing to worry about it'll be
fine I love you guys see you later bye
