that game changes literally changing the
game they hit me up like Tom can you
tell your audience about this awesome
season of giving we got going and I was
like you know what hell yes this hottest
season let's play together
give together but what does that mean
game changes are piling up with Xbox so
they can make this amazing deal happen
like listen to this first of all cuz
you'd be like well that's great but then
you play well it's even better join Xbox
Live Gold or Xbox game pass for just one
pound before January 4th and for each
membership purchase Xbox will be
donating $10 of Xbox game past two
hospitals around the world so if you're
so home right now and you're like man
directs Box Live Gold it's run out our
new new Xbox Live Gold aren't even Xbox
gave us you can get it right now for
just one pound the link will be down
description so you can learn more
information about it but it'd be
available for just one pound but don't
forget you only have until January 4th
so if there's ever been a time for you
to get a new xbox live subscription or
get an Xbox game fast you can get it for
one pound or puts all the 4th of January
so think fast do it fast if you're gonna
get it as an additional I don't know
would you like Christmas stocking filler
then hear up your family members tell
them you want it because at the end of
the day it's one pound but more
importantly ten dollars of Xbox gamepad
will go toss balls around the world so
you getting your Xbox swag as well as
helping out a charity so there you go
ladies and gentlemen just wait to let
you know about that thank you game
changers for sponsoring this statement
here I've just had to be your faces book
it's for a good cause so why the hell
would I not do it look up it down
description check out more information
and enjoy the vlog for those who might
be like wait a minute Tom what the hell
is Xbox game passing I think Google sums
it up best Xbox game pass is a
subscription service from Microsoft to
use with Xbox one gaming console
described as Netflix for video games you
pay the monthly subscription and you get
access to just absolutely mud amounts of
games for you to play and obviously in
for this deal you can get it from well I
was gonna say one pound but one data but
for you guys one pound
oh what a body shocker its rain anything
well you just couldn't make this shit
off I was gonna say look insanely white
thereby done well welcome to a new door
to do day it's a bust 11:00 in the
afternoon I've been awake since 10:00
just haven't filmed anything because
I've done nothing come on daddy it's
okay dad I'm sorry I picked on you all
morning
calm down calm down dad dad calm down
come go
come come come come come come come come
don't sulk
no it's okay no it's okay it's okay it's
okay it's okay no it's okay
don't sulk it's okay trapped trapped
with a quilt all right my friends it's
time start a new day and my day today
consists of I'm going to Lydia's school
where they're having school dinners but
Christmas school dinners and I've been
so I can't hear you what I don't know
what you talk about you say something
yeah II think so yeah I didn't hear
anything
Jed Jed take god damn mouth shut your
mouth what I'm doing is I'm going there
and they've booked me in having a school
dinner Christmas dinner so I'm going
there today I mean Christmas dinner
who's Lydia so wait that'd be fair to
say okay office do you and you need a
Christmas dinner is word so I pick you
up a treat later today okay Stevie okay
Stevie okay Stevie whenever I know he's
Steve with a little bit gray under the
weather I always pick him out and he
just goes from light being dark great I
like a beautiful like beige in color I
bloody love you I just open the door you
guys ready to run away something hey hey
what are you doing what are you doing
hey it's just officious looking Cass
see Steve's color now looks so much
brighter and so much nicer a little
dragon aren't you a happy little dragon
no one diversity hello to your brothers
and sisters its back I don't forget
you're not allowed to nibble Steven
you're allowed to sniff them and say
hello but you don't allow to it to
biotin yeah you're cute you're a cat
you're a queuing you're a cat and your
smelly boot camp well oh my god you're a
dragon and you are just glorious you
know what I'd love to find out one day
that Steve is fireproof because it's
called bidded I can imagine if like
knock on wood my house burned down to
the ground and the one thing that
survived was Steve and he just was
walking out of the ashes so yeah if
someone wants to do a phoner of Steve
just walking out a smoldering fire of
like a burning
house feel free to draw and if it's good
enough I'll hook you up with some
syndicate so I can make sure you tag me
on Twitter and I'll be able to work
check it out sorry what are you trying
to do that you try to get a seizure very
oh I think you were Steve are you enjoy
doing a happy little bit dragon okay I
fed you some food
numb away bring Sally up rings hello
down my Land Rover crews the land
I just don't know full lyrics to songs
it's like getting to a point where it's
kind of a problem like I tried to make
it an entertaining sing song section for
you guys it just doesn't work and also
mr. common use of five six seven eight
Steve and his defender he gets all upset
oh no the only reason I went and got my
defender washed that time it I was gonna
say where you think you're going is
because when he was always snowing all
that they were putting loads of grit
everywhere and because of all the salt
would just rust away all the metal no
matter well just like eat this tray how
it doesn't sound right
it'll just eat all of it alive so I was
like she don't go get it well sure to go
get it wash it everyone was just like
who's my dad and granddad every was like
the soul just destroy your vehicle so
you might as well just go and take care
of it so citizen stop snowing I went and
got it washed got rid of all the salt I
don't mind to be modern oh it's all like
that exactly that's why I like the look
of the people don't but the person who
was like you're gonna have to get used
with other modern I like mud I just
don't like something don't worry Dora
all I gotta do is not drop it okay no
rolling I parked my sleigh over there I
have my Christmas but but look at what
Lydia's married you go get your head
chef good what is happening it what you
don't know I'll leave you by bloody
minutes Billy's father oh right this is
what they look like I had no idea what
these look like Liddy just put them on
me hi you two little troublemakers oh my
goodness me
wait so what have you actually met aha
pine cones pine cone Christmas trees
that's all looks good Oh badass with
locals you know the kids next door a
proper getting into the Christmas spirit
the blasting Christmas tunes in sting
game all right so this is your photo
people give me mustache then give me
this one all right sure this is all we
have to do
but you had a beard that look like that
the dream it's like they're putting on a
bunch of my boy hey Santa what are they
doing
I really do understand what they're do
Pete other why that's it
Russian dancing just for the record this
was one of your kids in your parts
dreaming I look like David Beckham in
the 90s
yeah well that looks more like David
Beckham in the night is that it just me
now now you get yourself a spoon a
thought and then I all right I think
it's got a log on the system hey it's so
high-tech now they picked their class to
pick their food well it's extra stuff
wait am I only oh so I would just go
press it what is this which one do I
think that done yeah yes oh my gosh I'm
well excited I'm having my first school
dinner in what 18 years please sir can I
have some more I hope I get two sausages
you only get one rekt have some gravy
one thank you so much we compete yeah
yeah go for it might as well right I'm
gonna eat like maybe 1% of this book
sure everyone loves sprouts
go for it all of it all of the above
so we're all supposed to fit this on out
ice cream please
I'll get ball yes oh my god that is a
Big Dipper
I was expecting like a plate the size of
the kit not this is thank you very much
thank you
nice oh yeah what one dinner is served
yeah listen I was expecting this amount
of food not this I've gotta admit babe
I'm not I'm not too sure how to react to
this sausage look at all these kids ice
cream melt in absolutely gone melting
our are still standing hey months my
second ten outta ten cuisine huh you
know what this wait what does everyone
think of the dinner man everyone likes
that Yama bun do you care to explain
what's going on massages all day every
day did you even ask for one okay
you should ask you should ask her for a
tip every time you babe okay this now
looks really physical
they've done good that was painful
thank you for this branch one way
nope I can say I'm done with that and if
I have to give it a read to now except
what would you give it out of 10
yeah yeah this is my first school dinner
rating I'm gonna give it know what it
was everything about it was nice apart
from it would be a ten because this
sprouts are nine what four nine
I took it for what it's worth
routes I don't know nor am i I you know
what I said about sprouts I said they're
disgusting
no team no spouse I'm too nice though no
no no but some some reason these these
kids have been brainwashed to like
sprouts why would you do that that but
where did that would describe it as a
it's a ball of fire behind the scenes of
school you can't watch this this is
behind the scenes oh oh what oh wow so
much room for activities echo miss you
it come on come on a teacher
I love this mother and daughter I
thought I like a bit of a burr with the
thickest amount of dust on it that's
never been used ever my god let's go
guys oh no no no no no no no oh they're
doing a Christmas done to this song
don't you call them right here this is
the head teachers just so much fun man
what are you guys up to
high school are you doing for Christmas
now ah well all I can say is I wish you
a very Merry Christmas
nice choice in swagman what you got
you're wearing gap what are you wearing
Mike hey hey hey I do like your app
though you got you've got a good stuff
enough with the rest to address what do
you do is that dance with Oh what that's
not really expected to see when I open
the door I expecting you I have
questions I want for questions did you
do that
ofE pops I'm sure I'll see him in
overtime today is oh my god if he
fucking fell off the side Drive they're
not kill me my cleaner Bev has been look
at it she's currently it
she just it's like you know making
things like placing it nicely like
there's still crap on there but it's
minecraft so she can't throw it away
well she's just organizes my crap so
neatly gets me right before I mean it's
like new madam I sick of all this fog
rolling in
luckily I won't have to pay attention to
it cuz there's a brand new DLC trailer
let's go check it out like I'm gonna
blood like every single day to my gaming
channel but you know I guess well let's
just take a look while she's lowers just
loads its loads in there so slow yeah
it's been a month seriously been a month
since I last uploaded are you kidding me
don't get wrong I know what else of
travelling trips books for it to be a
full month since us died posting again
that's all right what's the fun Bev last
bin yes this looks like an absolute mess
don't worry the floors clean sides clean
everything's but we did did she clean
did she clean it the cheese that I had
on here melted the cheese actually
melted on the surface oh my god you know
what you can never appreciate a clean
house more then when you see it brand
spankin new look at it absolutely
incredible
I completely look like that son to her
or they bought video reaction to what
even is it fog rolling in on the new DLC
pack has just been done so if you're
watching this blog right now the chances
are this is probably live on the main
channel so if you want to see my
reaction to the DLC that's just been
announced you can do it I'll put the
link in description to it more
importantly I've got a VR video that I'm
supposed to be doing with oculus did you
guys remember all right when I was round
at Minnie's house I was like yeah I'm
gonna be our video is gonna be a Z and I
literally have so much fun like this is
a non sponsored coming what I'm saying
now I love via and we're not casual like
hey Jordy responsive video like will
literally give you a headset paid from
my product I was like one I already
promote your product anyway - I need a
headset sorry I think it's fucking
awesome so the problem is mini
filmed all the footage it is housed in
like super HD what movies got incredible
self and super fast internet out in LA
so he sent me the files no problem
however I need to download the files
from mini but every single clip is over
5 to 15 gig each so I can't even
download the footage to
edit so like overnight because you're my
wife I've been broke breaking I'm not
even be able to download it because has
been like where's the video what does
video what video where's the video
because I was supposed to give it to
them for them to like check it so yeah
this is okay you can post it on your
channel you like it ticks our boxes and
stuff but like potato not been able to
do any of that I can't even get the
footage of mini so what I'm gonna try
and do is go down to through 3bd I'm
gonna try and go down to the Civic
original office now with IVA a hard
drive or a memory stick or something
like that download all the footage of my
sister's laptop then bring here and edit
it and then go back and upload it so
even though it's gonna take me forever
to a book that is my current plan of
action now all I need to do is tripod so
wish me luck
that was easily found one yeah I knew
that was too easy I found it but then I
lost the cable to actually plug into a
USB 3.0 hard drive
drats bone behold it was staring right
at me I was actually gonna use this USB
stick which is like 3.0 250 gigabyte
hard drive some stick thing but I'd
rather rely on this me it's for
Groening's ridiculous look how spooky
the house looks from the back it's like
out of a horror movie or something but
let's quickly get over to cynic it
original I love this I love that the
office is so close popping over to cynic
original everything side out and wish
them all the best because I do believe
that today being the 20th is the final
we said the 19th you guys so the orders
were slowed down but the 20th was I
believe the real date when all orders
could be a hundred sent out Christmas
are you bringing me mom cake for the
taste of women flowers look at this all
the employees are happy the orders for
Christmas now they've hopefully got them
all sent out in time for you guys if you
don't get it then it honestly probably
on the Royal Mail for the reason why I
didn't get it because these guys have
been non-stop hammering to get it no
crackers some pate and some wine come on
give us an I five years low alcoholic
mafia all right then I guess I need to
make a toast
drink drink are you drinking ice
that's right yeah I think it's fair to
say god you're all the most miserable
bunch wake up give a nice little toast
here
so anyway I'd like to take a second to
raise a toast to Alison mum to stick it
at this job for so damn long
thank you very much I'm I'm glad I could
keep you in business thank you very much
for an amazing company but obviously
more importantly over this Christmas
period it's been very busy and chaotic
and hectic so I'd like to thank you too
yeah I'm coming helping us cuz without
ya Alice would be Alice would be even
greater than she is just trying to hide
it by whipping a hair over honestly
thank you so much thank you but so much
for your blood sweat and tears
thank you for committing to the cars
cheers give it to Kevin and to everyone
and I hope they receive their packages
on Christmas and it was all impossible
because of you guys as a team so thank
you very much Cheers
there you go kids kitchen kitchen Jin
Jin Jin Jin Jin Jin Jin Jin Jin very
proud is all right good look Godspeed
something else I'm going to seize all
later right seize newsy I keep gaining
this hat I lose it I gained it lose it I
gained it then before you know I'll be
wearing ability centers hat again and
talk about clothes blue pocket look it
up well closed I am gonna be
live-streaming and making videos all
night so I need my boy Wesley to hook me
up with some food wait what
nearly killed you where and how oh
that's it end of that story
I want occasion to keep again and so
damn right last one were you good what
are you cooking
are you cooking my friend what is it
whoa whoa
why is he approaching whoa I know this
looks suspicious this goes
stay away we're dealing drugs we have
steak my friend is this thing I knew
that earlier Chi we talked about what is
this what is that it's potato just thin
layers okay
it is mine that night where's my salt
and pepper where is it
oh yeah oh my friend I like it my plate
thank you I'm gonna tomato don't you go
it not giving me that chicken you you
bang it in that you but put it in put it
in wait did you have you got a win on
for tonight
oh I I haven't yeah and I've only got a
second place I don't get together for a
drink with you on Christmas Eve
where's thank you very much for your
takeaway food takeaway delivery services
come in soon I will personally deliver
all his food for you but now so much
thanks for keeping me alive for goodness
sponsored by syndicate regional calm all
you need is a hut a hoodie and look they
match
hey wondering where my cats are can't
see them no good here Oh does that mean
I don't get you lazy days of bad cat
anyway daddy's home you get freedom of
the house run around do whatever you
want me I'm so excited money Year's Eve
I it's coming together we got four of
you we plan on getting a hog roast and I
swim like we put a shot in it and it
goes blue straight down you can do a
shot on it and he's gonna be sick like
I'm well excited okay look at that for
me to go to the shop download it it took
me basically 30 minutes and then an hour
and 45 predominate so 31 minutes and 45
seconds brilliant if I was to try and
download this footage myself straight
from my internet just to download one of
the five files was taking me like six
hours
there's no time to kick it watch it Joe
well a video and this is probably the
first video job watching like months but
like I'm so stoked to see that he's like
sat down in one of his idols this is so
absolutely amazing boss cut myself some
chicken got myself a bird cannon chill
and then a day I know I know I know I
said this oculus video has been coming
for so long but oh my lord look at all
these files now realistically this is
only like four files but minilab
recorded the video in like 4k so it's
like mini mine and that's potato in my
house I literally can't download this I
forget the footage together I'm editing
it as you can see this just looks like
one big thing but I'm gonna turn it into
several thousand different things and
then the video becoming live for you
guys hour and a half late ladies and
gentlemen I have edited that big chunk
of audio and stuff it's a very nice
clean perfected video oh my god like
this is such a fun video one for me to
actually record in the first place to to
edit it was so much fun and three I
actually very much feel like the way
I've edited this together obviously it's
just picture-in-picture
but like I watched some VR video some
people are my eye looks horrible because
mini set was so professional that this
came out looking so damn good so shout
out to mini lad
much love to that guys let me record
this video his house but holy crap
cannot wait gets live but also likes
play out the entire time I was editing
that for four hour and a half
Gatsby was just side my lap so there's
so much hair all over me from where this
cat has been good with me III got such a
dumb like cuz he's fat ass but I had to
get rid of him but oh my god you're so
cute
could you already behind a katana just
make sure you don't go pulling out the
power cable okay and we can be friends
your friends where the hell is your
sister
actually well it is your sister she's
usually around here but no where I she
hid him to the bench huge let's hide
under here I don't see a cat under there
snow actually have no idea where my
second case I lost her cat take half an
hour to render out and I was like well I
can't really play put G because it's bit
too intense what my computer it'll slow
down the render you know I don't want to
go through me because this is in the
background it won't be able to do it but
you know what game I can play whilst
rendering a video
oh my god runescape playing old school
runescape watching Philly D and let me
share something with you Potomac Lashon
oh thank you very much appreciate you
attending this is like yesterday's vlog
look look look alright we're gonna throw
it away it's gone gonna continue
watching and please note that there is a
box there that the dog keeps returning
the band and putting it in the box or
around the box so when he wants me to
throw it again he will return tears so
let's give it a couple of seconds and
see how long this takes it looks like
the dog has found yep
ducks found it okay let's just wait a
second I'm just gonna kill these little
guards in my little bow and arrow over
here oh wait oh look that's dog oh don't
don't don't be confused yep he dropped
it over there but he knows I'm not gonna
go and pick it up he knows where to put
it
he knows where to put it and long behold
he's already picked it up and put it the
box but he dropped it so now he's like
wait a minute wait a minute Oh minute I
don't put it the box pick it up put it
in a box put it in the box
come on you want me to throw up put in
the box no no no I think I think you
were I don't think you put it about me
yes still outside the box silly cat oh
wait you found it right go on put it in
the box
get the box did you do it good boy now
do it good boy are you ready go play
fetch again no play
Emily I'm cooking I don't see you come
back as per usual it was a good little
doggy
good little doggy I'm not throwing it
just yet you haven't put it in the box
it's to the edge but you know what I'll
throw it this time good you're good
little doggy this is why some Jones is
amazing so I sent some Jones these
screenshots is like okay Sam if you can
make a thumbnail out this for me in a
bit of detail like you know what to do
what's having it sort of thing please do
and if you don't what is I'm wearing
like a black t-shirt with breakfast are
to career on the bun like the shirt I
was just all I had left to wear in LA
but when you finish the thumbnail for me
look at what he did he photoshopped on
this isn't the t-shirt I was worried
like if you look that I was wearing this
I was wearing this t-shirt and he
photoshopped it to wear a Cintiq
original shit that is the greatest thing
I didn't even ask him to do that but
perfect yeah daeum hosted a been one
hell of a busy day for me I got my blog
live wicked happy about that but then
more importantly I got not just one
gaming video but two gaming videos live
on my channel what
the heck is going on we all know YouTube
likes to mess up every now and again
with it when you used to make a youtube
show back in the day you weren't allowed
spaces or anything where it was like a
set like I'm out of characters and your
name and if someone tried to impersonate
you then they do like say this in one
Kate project sort of thing and you know
I'll put a zero in there are a number to
replace something wrong but I think it's
pretty simple it's very easy to block
channels and stop them trailing
personate yeah and then they introduce
the ticking thing which is great but a
jellal isn't great yep yep yep yep yep
yeah all those all those look that
literally still going so I'm literally
still going YouTube your platform is
completely and utterly broken the fact
that you allow this to still somehow
happen it's ridiculous it's absolutely
ridiculous my first ever victory this is
probably my third game on PC first ever
victory on battle royale Wow
you know what I'm really not that keen
on fought and I bought I secured a
victory awesome
it's a in front of this computer screen
since like 6:00 p.m. today and I am
burnt out I want to go to bed little
kitty get I'm good dad to pick you up
but I can't just take you I need to take
him it's lazy bum in the car as well and
you know the way I do this is I carry
you both at the same time they even
brought you down into your little trees
okay so teamwork much look and good
night the cats are now like well where's
our food
guys it's only 3 o'clock in the morning
right not 6 a.m. our 7 a.m. when will
met when mum feed you when she goes to
work right so much law I'll see you in
the morning good night good morning
Steve oh that's sleep it's now to record
the next day in the afternoon so I
should get out of bed wrap Christmas
presents or something like that but I
really can't both so thank you very much
what she makes you leave like and
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
6 p.m. the next day lug that was really
first I don't forget if you are one of
the like rare people who does stay to
the very end if you want to check out
the two videos that put my main gaming
channel there zombie one and ocular
sponsored video then the link will be
down in Scripture and kocha come on and
Jotham leave a like rate and leave a
comment down below see in the vlogs and
yeah so you got smart at 6:00 p.m. so
until then I'm just gonna stay cozy in
bed
