yo what's going on dudes I randomly
thought I'd do a vlog today because I'm
we're trying to do a vlog every day of
this month because Caitlin said she's
gonna do it so I was like you know what
she could do it I can do it too and this
one I'm gonna be troubling out there to
go and see her so you know I can vlog my
journey so far but today I set this
package from machinima and I was like
what the hell is this they didn't say
they were gonna send me anything proper
confused student in at the same time
happy they sent me a gift so I could
have look inside it and it I believe
it's a swag bag because I've got a lot
of machinima stuff which is really cool
now they said they were gonna send me
this because I've always looked to my
wardrobe I am hype like 1 machinima
t-shirt which was machine my sports and
it was an extra-large so I was like damn
it I want mushroom a t-shirt so machine
went big and they sent me like a big
swag bag so this is really cool so oh
there's a lot so cute
hey syndicate enjoy the swag love
machinima from Rachael Fred Frankie
Lorenz oh all the renzo sorry from the
promotion's team at the Shinra which is
awesome so thank you promotions team I
really appreciate that so they sent me a
machinima teacher I think I should try
and give away one of these shirts all
right should I wait should I get some
sense to you guys I think I'll be better
idea so I believe I am a small Oh No
medium yeah that'll fit me so I got a
medium we shoot a normal t-shirt which
is nice I finally got to them I've been
with machinima for like three years
we must ii checked my old channel as
well and but now with this this channel
that I'm on now you know I'm not a
single machine receiver for the past two
years and there's a really cool respawn
once like a dark looking cool one
oh so that's machinima then I got which
am respawn yeah this better look like
it's the right way around instead of
like backwards or something otherwise I
failed we should move on what I'll give
you late I'm filming
the same place are we good
thank you said I'm going out filming
video nude but well just throw my the
same please anyway another mission MIDI
now have one of these already I think
this might be a bigger version if this
is a medium this is a lodge I got to
give this one away I don't I don't fit
into lodge unless I'm feeling lazy so
but it was a lot of Commission hoodie
then you go ahead you can one can have
this go oh boy
and then that's what not least machinima
realm now I think because don't be a
large nice medium as well yeah and then
I got machinima got machinima realm
shirts well so that's really cool but I
was asking me when I bought something
from them it's got return of Christmas
present because it sucks and then this
is something cool I was sent what is it
ammo gave anywhere console
whoa console quality gaming for your
Android phone or tablet really does it
have to plug into or does it just hold
it wait is this 100 is one of the things
that you put like was my phone oh you're
filming it where's my phone oh yeah it's
filming it's one of the things that like
it falls out it holds your phone there
and then I think your bluetooth connect
it to your phone kind of assumed so yeah
your Bluetooth connected to your phone
and it works as a controller so you
could download like grand theft auto
cousin grand for Vice City just came out
for iPhone so I could actually download
this for my iPhone I don't know play
when I'm traveling but then I'm gonna
have already completed that game so do
you know any good iphone games please
let me know who might look into it so
that's something cool that I can use for
traveling so thank you machinima and
what's this oh it's the documentation
for this oh it's pretty cool $10 Google
Play Oh use Google Play Google Place for
Android in it I've got an iPhone so if
someone wants $10 Google Play summer
subscriber appreciation jokes if someone
actually wants that and I'm happy to
give that wakes I don't use it it's $10
also not ten pounds ten dollars Google
Play so guess that's for a u.s. guy
oh girl if you want that comment log and
then
I got a shitload of machine my stickers
yeah so that's really cool machine
Memphis I mean it's like cool a package
I really appreciate that
got some clothing the hoodie doesn't fit
me unfortunately but that's no worries I
open this that's not too too much to
worry about I've already got one so I
appreciate that a lot
what's in this thing whoa oh whoa comes
with a like a leather pouch what's this
download the pilot okay so I'll go
download that what's this okay mister I
don't read any switch I'm like yep yep
yep right okay
I get like as soon as I say it like as
soon as it says something like it's a
headset on my crap just unplug it and
plug in and listen to audio I don't I
don't do anything in-between so good
look at this thing
I got me set batteries that slaps on
your phone now you can hold your phone I
was good triggers to analog sticks
well that's pretty good guess that's
done yes on an off button a xB and why
it's pretty cool I don't know you see it
dude you don't and you got like too cool
I don't like you know it feels like you
ever remember that no Jeff I remember
that on live gaming thing the controller
looks like it's a nice feeling
controller look though it's got like
this grip on the back and riffing that's
kind of cool
I'll give it a go before I tell you what
I think of it because don't forget if I
have something and I don't if I don't
like it you know I'm honest I'm going to
tell you it's the crap oh no I'm gonna
tell you if it's crap or it is the crap
but this year that's a good thing if it
is the crap is that good or bad no but
yeah I'll give it a go I don't really do
Android gaming you know what I'm like I
take my laptop everywhere to me so oh
yeah like would you rather play on your
iPhone with this or would you rather
play battlefield 3 in an airport using
this this but I get how that can be
convenient fly gonna play into something
so I will give it a go
see what
like and then report back to you guys
but uh yeah machinima thanks guys
oh that's rubbish okay guys I really
appreciate that super cool yeah whoa
includes pac-man and so yeah thanks guys
I appreciate that a lot
I'm gonna oh here's my free pac-man game
get your game on
get your game on free now okay so I'm
gonna give that download let's put in
the pouch first it's like an old man
glasses case and then does it fit cause
it fits and there you go got a leather
pouch for it so good throw that in my
laptop like there's no gadget and then
stuff to give away brilliant we're not
around thanks for sure my promotion team
I appreciate that a lot on my machinima
like stuff goes into my machinima drive
got like stickers and flick books from
being at machine runs too fast that's
awesome guys yeah so I was gonna vlog
every day and I don't really have any
were puns for today except woke up at
like 5:00 p.m. but yeah for tuning don't
forget to subscribe to the channel I'm
gonna do in daily things today I was
just unboxing some random stuff I'm
gonna be traveling to the states this
month as well so that's some cool things
to be going down and oh yeah that pretty
much sums everything up or we had a good
new year and everything and yeah thanks
for 2 million and 30,000 subscribers
that's crazy I'm gonna keep updating on
this channel which milestones were here
so yeah what showed you for 2.1 cuz but
it looks things that's gonna creep up
very soon like 10,000 viewed air
subscribing
how you doing this crazy for but anyway
thanks watching i love you and goodbye
