and that's neutral and I'm dark hello
hey guys it's syndicate here and we're
gonna go on a walk into this room and
I'm gonna show you something awesome
just before we get into this what's this
it's a multicolored changing thing I
just thought was really cool my dad got
like an awesome gift and yeah alright
some back I feel rough no I didn't do
any vlogs in Germany yes I did film a
lot of stuff which is gonna be on my to
be on this this channel because I think
yeah enough like gaming content sort of
stuff to be able to put on my main child
to make like oh you know that month I
did the trip but in grave news it was an
awesome trip yes I did get super drunk
like an intending to do so and I'm
really happy about that I know it sounds
weird but I managed to deal with the
hangovers I wasn't a wimp I just got up
and down with her and dragged the next
day everyday we got in at 6 a.m. it was
crazy there was me
Benny central ali-a my best friend Chris
unlike all the Xbox guys and there's
just so many of us it was just like a
really good like night throughout the
entire trip and it was awesome you know
like I really did have a good time so
that was good but my titanfall is the
fucking shit it's amazingly good called
you he just gets pooped on when it comes
to this thought I'd throw that out there
I know it's really bad because ghost is
just coming out but titanfall is just
really fucking good and now I'm wearing
a syndicate original shirt that's the
name that this is the name like it's a
sending project sure but for those
asking like I did rename my website to
syndicate regional so if you already
sure you can get one in the description
below moving on and so game Scott was
mint I'll tell you the story about what
happened followed with that boy I wanted
to talk about some stuff and why did
today I went down to London I got back
yesterday and then I was like oh I need
call down to London went to book a train
it was gonna be five and a half hours I
thought through this and was like right
suite gonna fly there so I traveled to
the airport the next day like three
minutes to spare like God the flight
30-minute flight there took me an hour
to get there so our quicker that was
good
a great day so I bunch of youtubers you
guys will see why I went down there soon
I have
say who shoosh about it for now but I'm
sure you guys can find out easy enough
without me say anything so that's that
the next news is what is even the next
news I don't think I know I genuinely
don't think enough oh yeah that was it
so I'm back and I'm just really not
working on some content and going
through all the footage I've got from
the trip and I'm gonna try and turn into
a video but then if I move on to my next
thing was I was on my Facebook and saw a
comment and someone it was a really good
comment because it made me really get my
attention and reply to it and what it
was is someone was like for fuck's sake
Tom like basically stay in one fucking
country make videos because you only
make two a day only one of them is good
sounds like fair point fucking love
going to uptick is my favorite series
and I do mini games just because people
ask me to do and so you know it's like
another video for people that day now
the reason why I'm happy doing like one
video day or even two videos a day is
because I don't need to like schedule 70
videos for a week's worth of videos I'm
really happy doing like one two videos
or you know a day and then doing live
shows that saw stuff because it gives me
a lot of free time whether or not my
video is a pre-recorded or anything like
shouldn't ever affect you guys I make
content for the fact if I wanna make
content for you guys if I want to if I
want to do a series where you guys
interact with it like 100 percent like
the Minecraft Project then I do the
episodes like on the day and then I put
it out you guys watch it then I could do
bonus episode that sort of stuff
but honey not sake I needed to do it all
pre-recorded you know so I played it and
yeah it was like it was like a month ago
but that was the point of it because if
I would have put the content out be up
to guys would have seen it so that was
the point of the series which actually
works out rather well because you know
the series like there was a lot of light
up through it was like anticipating them
as they are and if it was like it killed
them spoiler and it gets really good
later on so towards like the end of the
series now series does end I'm thinking
about doing a season two
boy it should be fun but I also have
some other series that I'm thinking I'm
gonna start up instead now I don't you
guys getting upset with pre-recorded
stuff just because I feel like I can
make more intense entertaining content
and consistent content like daily so
it's 6 p.m.
like my main video on my channel so for
those asking about that as well is make
sure you go to youtube.com forward slash
the syndicate project to see my new
video and click like videos and you'll
see it there on the top because a lot of
people could just go to my Twitter I'm a
facebooking like there's no link posted
yet and that's because YouTube has to
publish it so he's live at 6 o'clock and
then like 20 minutes later it goes oh
right it's there on Twitter so he posts
it through and like it's a weird same
thing so that's that I've been stood
around for too long I'm gonna wander in
here I swear the cat might have run past
me in five because that abscess tongue
interesting that's great actually you
know what might be this potato in a bowl
why that's just there I don't even know
but yes so the guy you know the comment
was just like make more than two videos
a day and I'm gonna just say back the
fuck off seriously I make videos because
I want to make videos you don't want to
fucking go buy that
you goddamn leave seriously I make
videos because I would have entertained
people and I enjoy it that's why I
started doing this that's the only
reason I will not lie I did want a job
at machinima fact I saw hook to get his
job at machinima and I remember seeing
that video was like I so badly want to
be able to play video games for a living
and that was the only job at a time now
you can do like YouTube is a job and I'm
happy with it yeah I'm happy like I
don't want to be out grinding a Skyrim
video a Sims video a SimCity video a
call of duty gameplay video a zombies
video on minecraft video oh seven videos
a day what if I want to go on a trip or
a week off then that's like the
consistency stops I'd so much rather
have a consistency of one video a day
that everyone knows it's gonna happen at
like 6 p.m. so and I don't want to sit
around some more of an informational
video even face ok so 6 o'clock every
day on my channel youtube.com/ fold such
a cynical project what time what time
what time
comics blog soon see black 7 I mean 12
yeah so 6 p.m. UK time where that is
elsewhere you'll have to google it so 6
p.m. GMT converts wherever you are I
think if you're on the the east side the
west coast in a
basically then that's gonna be like 10
a.m. so if you're going to school
something like that you'll just have to
watch it when you get back
Oh am i when people like go back to
school my incorporate dunno another late
night video maybe like another series so
like one series kind of be running for
the UK dudes and I wanted the u.s. dudes
just so you know like you can watch both
if you've got the time and then oh fuck
what's up whoa whoa whoa I know that
pooped myself okay nobody gonna why
Kennedy shit myself I thought they were
someone stood behind me and it whistle
I'm pretty much gonna wrap this up and
go cuz I've got goosebumps all of my
holy shit let's get the fuck up I'm
gonna grab a knife one sec okay come on
bro come at me I live in a bungalow so
if anyone fucking like comes in the
house it's like a rule in the UK there's
someone in the house and on the bottom
floor you can't attack them the knife
but if they don't know if you're in a
bungalow you know I can black flap but
not with the mouth I'll just hit it with
the side of the blade like like that not
with the sharp end a black flap I'll
just be like what the fuck
don't play with knives so that's pretty
much that but I just really wanted to
summarize that for you guys and choose
to be like I make videos what I want to
make videos and please understand that
if you see anyone like you should
totally make more I ain't gonna reply to
comments all day I said my words and
that's how I pretty much you do my
channel so yeah I just make videos and
if I'm as you guys know if I'm not in
the mood to make it if I'm not well if
I'm not something like whatever or like
I'm not happy with a wag I get on my PC
try to record the minecraft project then
fuck I'm not doing it I'm gonna wait
until my PC my new PC the twins that
called the twins then their video twins
let me say can't wait to show you guys
yeah and so everything's ready
everything's gonna be good so this has
been a long video I'm going I liked your
faces a lot and eyebrow
the Internet it didn't stop uh
