just look at it look at it look at it
hey it's going on guys and well you
don't see this on back vlogging and I'm
back in the UK I just keep you guys
updated I'm like what um the biggest
thing in my life right now is doing and
going and how that all is and stuff
because I have been filming throughout
uh everyone's below what the hell's you
talking about I've been filming
throughout the procedure of this
happening but I might as well just show
it you in a vlog instead I didn't know
back in September actually you know got
a house and a lot of people have still
been like what what happened to that you
know how should bill and you supposed to
move it into so you know my dad doesn't
keep like walking in my room disrupting
me while some vlogging well I'm actually
in it now this is this is the house do
you ever remember I seen a photo of it
being a house or what we did is we
knocked it down and this this is me
inside it like this is it all being
built and shit like that and I thought
this was a really good video because can
to celebrate half a million subscribers
I'm gonna do something pretty cool but I
thought this is kind of nice because my
vlogging channel is where I do what I
want when I want and show you what I
feel like and what I want to do and I
like that fact by main channels unites
gaming and I could put real-life stuff
on there but oh the blogging channel you
know it's cool and yeah mad bitches
so yeah this is the this is my house
right now I know it looks really random
but I'm trying to try and show it you
are with the the really awesome lens of
the iPhone 5 and but yeah this is a this
is the setup of it it's pretty cool like
that's going to be my drive there and
then the house and stuff and everyone's
been asking it runs out be asking for
you know when they see photos difference
like you know what why you not built it
by by now and the reason for that is
because this see like how it's all been
cut out the ground well this used to be
a house standing on top of it if you
didn't see it and we knock the house
down me my dad we're not the house crap
not together just like yeah yeah you go
and shift that door I'll fucking smash
the window no it was like a whole
machine and I've got me filming using it
in the big machine like pushing the wall
down and stuff but we just demolished
the house dug out about 800 ton of stone
so minecraft turns that's about 75 in
inventories full of cobblestone and we
fucking mind it all out and well I
didn't do any of that that was all then
last as an American I came back and it
was just this huge crater in the ground
I'd love to put you somewhere like
respective files let me try and see if I
can do
this hopefully this wheelbarrow wheel
isn't gonna move you can stay there and
be good don't it's not there's no way
this is going to work this is not going
to work the way I wanted today to I'm
tried it which I'm trying to get you to
stay still somewhere so I can give you a
better perspective there you go watch
this
don't fall if this collapses you guys
know this is pretty hope this is pretty
tall but this is where the house is
going to be like here the wall yeah it's
gonna be pretty cool you know like a
pretty stoked for it I think this is
kind of a cool tank that's so cool but
yeah so it's like a big job moving all
this out and you could build a house in
a mout time it took us to do all this
got a bit probably bout two or three
houses but the reason why we're doing
this is because it's something different
you know it's the one house so and
hopefully being for the rest of my life
you know grow old fucking throw Chinese
people at walls from Chinese to Asian
people at walls you know do whatever I
choose to do it you know I love it so
umm it's like go big or go home and
hopefully you know with my dad's help my
dad's actually the project manager if
you wondering why I keep saying like my
dad building it does the project manager
so this is a this is a swimming pool as
you can see you can go for a swim now
I've got some more I ran it where the
rain is just take a bit more rain until
er it befall a bit right I'll felt that
in no time and got cool leaking over in
sort of things that's great and but yeah
so it's in the stage of like developing
up pretty quick now and I did kind of
want to do like the whole grin design
things way it filmed it from like loads
of crazy angles and stuff and just look
fucking awesome but and I did want to
put cameras in my dad's face the entire
time whilst I was doing it so yeah I
would have been cool to do that but he's
filmed a shitload of it so you'll see
like all the concrete being poured down
from a huge machine and stuff like that
and hopefully when I get back from
Germany cuz I'm going to Germany
tomorrow all these blocks are going to
be like this one wall right you see that
while there this is it's a huge
retaining wall because all this land
this garage go and collapse collapse in
so you need to build this huge retaining
wall with these huge blocks and then you
put the steel bars through it and then
they tie it all together
and then you pour concrete in these gaps
it just becomes this thick solid wall
and that's what we're gonna do for this
so it's going pretty cool in the Sun the
sun's nicely shining on my car
yeah fucking love the fact that I'm
vlogging again like I'm so happy it
makes you feel just like live and
connect exactly my game and I can talk
about gaming but it's nice to do a vlog
and I think you guys appreciate that and
that's why people people purple people
subscribe to the channel
oh yeah like it and so yeah I'm going to
be super busy going to Germany next week
I'm gonna be going from I'm going to go
into Germany from Monday till Saturday
night
don't worry videos every day still
a-hunting optic everyday at 6 o'clock
the series is about to step it up a
notch it's about to get super intense
and super for us and so stay tuned for
that and then what I'm also doing is
minigames everyday at 9 p.m. as well
that something I wants that thrown in
whether it's Minecraft minigames and
just keep it fun and exciting that sort
of stuff that somebody games that kind
of boring but I try to make the most of
it and then I'm thinking of on the
channel doing a set like I like doing
set times because then people know when
to expect it's like I remember when I
used to live in like not my grandma's
when I used to go visit my grandma's
everyday at 6 o'clock we'd have a tea at
5:30 6 o'clock The Simpsons would come
and we watch The Simpsons so I think
it's cool to have a schedule you know
for people to know like when to jump on
and watch stuff so yeah so I'm going to
try and stick to schedules and I
thinking of a one video over a week or a
day of a random game I don't maybe every
other day or once a week something but
you know just something random to spice
it up because I know I'm known for doing
minecraft and zombies but like to be
just be known for being just like an
overall commentator I know some people
do see me like that because they define
me through my vlogs then watch whatever
else I do but if a nice you know I throw
a bit more right in there so let me know
what you guys think about that I don't
want to be like a time what you want me
to play and I play it like I just want
to play random shit that you guys have
just never seen before like Disney
affinis when I got the opportunity to
play that that was crazy and it was
actually a really fun game and like
there's a new one that I got asked to
play and check out which was like halo
halo spot and assault so I'm probably
check that I want to go home it's like
look at these random games I want to
play like once a week I just think it'd
be really cool so yeah that's what's
going on in my life I know these vlogs
are can be kind of long but I started
keep you guys in the loop as to what's
going on I'm gonna go and show you a
sheep oh I gotta go feel your sheep
laughs one of my neighbors was just like
fuck is this cracker do it
smack it alright so yeah we're gonna end
on this on this delicious no of me what
break man called before I go to Germany
and think about the sheep look
that's a sheep that's a sheep and that's
a sheep sheep everywhere sheep so yeah
fucking beautiful view fuck my garden I
love it
and when it's done I'm the fucking host
of party I'm going to invite some of you
subscribers around I'm gonna fucking
gaming I'm gonna do like gaming weekends
where you can come stay over like no
wheelchair until just like calm stay
over in one of the bedrooms oh shit
in one of the bedrooms fucking take a
swim with livestream we could play
minecraft hardcore together something
like that and do zombies try gets around
60 fast as possible some of our other
competition don't be sick like Top Gear
where you know that invite people to
race around on the racetrack and then
you put it on like the wallet doing this
person got this time I might if I can
fucking host like a game in event air
where I invite like I subscribe around
for a day and I've just stay that
sounded really weird in it but maybe
just do it throw a big house part and
then one gets drunk whatever but yeah
then we do like a Minecraft thing where
it's like fastest around 30 me and them
compete doing it or they do it and then
their time they get they get slam it on
like this big metal wall that's a good
idea
I'm gonna go this vlog very long and I
just got up my food at home but guys
fucking stoked so stoked enjoy life
fucking life's too short make the most
of it I love your faces and I guess I'll
see you guys later
um I'm vlogs from Germany expect a lot
of drunk vlogs by the way that's
probably gonna be the case I say that
just because yeah it's Germany the
drinking age is 16 and I'm much like 20
now I'm fucking freaking old so guys I'm
gonna go I'll see you later
ah
