well looks like I'm back blogging
doesn't it you like a sneaky devil all
right well yeah I'm back I've got the
channel we're all cool do I have a plan
of what I'm gonna do with it yeah just
do videos whenever I feel like it and
stick to the whole make any sort of
real-life video I want to make for this
channel like especially like if you did
see when I tried to feed the horse some
gherkins from a McDonald's double
cheeseburger that was probably one of
the funniest videos I've ever made this
year but I just want to share with you
guys some information about this bad boy
I've just launched my new my new
clothing lines been open for a while now
knowing what of you guys know about it
but the right line this I've been
pumping out for quite a while just like
promoting it like hey check it it's a
syndicate through the glasses and it
feels really good and it's a sexual
t-shirt and it's got the stamp on the
arm as well looks awesome
and then it's got well look great but
what I was a loading screen on my face I
don't agree to this
but what I'm saying is it's live now and
the website the new website is up and
the new website is syndicate original
comm now used to be syndicate project
and I know everyone was used to it being
cynical project and even if you go to
the silicon project it won't even think
that you're going to run website website
because it will just redirect you to the
new website bought and we go guys to go
check it out let me know what you think
if you like the design let me know and
if you like this shit guys you can pick
one up the for sale now and they're
really really awesome I love them I've
got I've got in black blue and gray you
can also get any like girls hanging in
that pink you can get a one tone color
where it's all just like the outline of
it all in white which looks really
really sick and I've got hiccups also
just woke up and it's 4 p.m. yeah but
yeah go and check out the new site guys
that's all I wanted to say I'm probably
doing just random videos throughout and
like me going to games come next week
and stuff at new vlogs and it's gonna be
nice just as a post like whatever video
I want and feel like doing some of
Maine's channel like I used to be able
to like get away with posting random
little vlog e things and I still do I
still do I'm probably put that horse
video on there just cuz it's so goddamn
funny to me and but and this channel I
feel like if I've got like a little
funny random idea I might bang it on
here and then if I do get a collection
of all together like 20 or 30 little
funny skits kinda like buying long
now potency get was like a montage and
put them on the main channel some plan
might be cool right guys go check out
syndicate original comm they'll be a
link in the description for it
let me guys let you me know what you
guys think of the site name and that'll
be awesome and yeah if you do like to
share guys and you can pick it up it's a
sale now and we ship build wide thank
you for watching I love your faces check
out my new shelf it's awesome and
there's my subscribe bud thanks watching
I like trains bye
