who is that handsome devil right there
and who is central upload well central
upload is me and I thought I'd do this
quick video to a notifier cuz that's
Kate moaning moaning but anyway I've
basically made a Twitter account for
this YouTube channel now YouTube only
allows you to connect once were to one
YouTube account eMobile oh why does that
bother us because you already have a
Twitter may follow you're already at pro
syndicate which is my normal twitter
which I tweet from and my main channel
uploads and notified through there but
syndicate central doesn't have a Twitter
connected to it so if the subscription
box is a messed up you can't really find
out if the video has been uploaded in
any other way so what I've done is I've
connected this Twitter central upload to
this YouTube account which is pure and
simple it only for connecting it to this
channel so you can see why don't want a
new video it's as simple as that and I
suggest you guys follow it it won't be
spamming your timeline with anything all
it'll be updating you with is when a new
video goes live so if the sub boxes do
mess up then you'll just be able to see
it on Twitter and yeah it makes the
world an easier place the youtubes and
stuff so yeah make sure you go and
follow central guys there's a link in
the description from it and like I said
I won't be spamming you guys just for
notifying you when a new video goes up
and this is on a GoPro hero3 so I hope
the quali is nice if it's not then that
sucks it's good but yeah so yeah go
follow that you can see it's official
because obviously I'm doing a video
about it and tweet it it begins YouTube
only allows one channel to be connected
to one Twitter so this Twitter will
notify you of any syndicate central
uploads as this simple as that thanks
for watching make sure you go and follow
the count and make sure you follow my
normal Twitter account if you haven't
done already
and there'll be about everything that's
watching and trains on trains on trains
bye
