day 3 in near the stream of no bail to
stream it's broken stream each okay so
okay my entire computer decided whites
have a fit then in flash and stuff like
that which is just great okay so I got a
day at the green laser things back hope
I accepting message they actually
commented on the YouTube video as well
which is great of them and they've got
awesome customer service on god they're
actually try to help me out with this
boat you can see this is me trying to
sort this out and there's me vlogging in
this guy delay now that's a three second
delay let's get through second delay
that my game eased Elaine as well I
could put my audio delight through my
what's gone you know the thing yeah so
I'm going to explain one day and
everyone's probably super confused this
is exploit exploit is what I use for
streaming when i stream my game go to
gameplay border right well this is all
gonna mess up I'm gonna need to like put
that in the top corner up there all
right it's what's wrong this when I play
from this the game is delayed by like so
compared my face is gonna mail off right
when i play on here right it's all live
i could live commentate make a video
just fine but i try street this this
encodes video over to my computer with a
three or four second delay okay so my
voice and my image looks fine but the
audio is delayed from the game and it's
as the image obviously so when one tried
dues I'm try it away my image and my
voice by that same amount of time so
that all run on the same level is gonna
take a bit tweaking to get you know the
exact amount of time it takes to do it
but once I've done it should work out
pretty well boy it's just really
frustrating try again try to get it
right so I'm everyone suggested in the
comments downloading a thing called VLC
and then screen capturing the image of
that which you can see now so you can
see the way it's the other side of my
mohawk if I'm justlena will see even
better you do it so you can see that's a
three-second at where you can see the
back of my hair there and it's just so
frustrating how i right this is this
needs to be a message to an expert
expert please can you do something where
I can enable a delay right on video
an image or like you know videos you put
three-second delay on video as well as
audio cuz i can only put it on like just
audio so i need to be else put on an
image to exploit you do that that'd be
amazing i'd really appreciate that a lot
and then this i think would fix our
troubles yeah then yeah i went shopping
I've got there's another vlog from me
going out shopping getting food and
that's still yet to go up and green
lasers backward Oh sniper rifle no and
I've gotta try and upload axe it seems
to be breaking and not working yes I'm
just gonna wait for that and once I
stone everything's gonna be awesome so
yeah track of the video up and a life me
it's now four o'clock the last video and
it was like 10
