okay so in the I've got 10% battery left
it pops up any cancel of the video but
there's a bonus thing for anyone's it
online what we're gonna do is carry on
opening the pokemon cards and then
giving them away as well so I'm gonna
sign them so if you want it go and watch
the last video the start of it where I
talk about the details of me giving away
pokemon cards of me signing them just
cuz I thought opening Pokemon cards was
formed because as a kid it was kind of
exciting to do and we'll try
thundershowers are all right you might
even continue this series of the roads
fine Charizard Pokemon is just gonna
think it's crap a lot of money up next
you know just try to find a Charizard
for no reason cuz I never got one as a
kid
alright so we've got a trainer mister
last pack by the way we got a trainer
we've got a timber we got a pamper we
got an energy that's the first card of
them I've got I got a purloined I got
the weirdest thing ever as a shiny
I got a mush na a befo before my lunch
we've got one of them already got a
super scooped up and a low MA and a
climbed which looks like a gear so
that's pretty much everything of my cars
I'm just gonna get all the shiny ones
together because you know what we all
know that shine is it the best so I've
got some pretty good shinies I'm pretty
stoked about everything to get there
pretty awesome I think I got one shining
each pack gara did that I got CAD looks
sick it's called AK I got X if someone
could tell me if that cog Rx is any good
that'd be awesome gonna meet each pack
comes with a shiny so let's go that was
a stadium card I'm sure I got this one
out of here yeah yeah sorry
yeah I attempted about 20 pot when it
pops up a notification saying there's a
yeah any notifications all it cuts off
the the block unfortunately so that's
why I have to do this in two and a drill
ball right so all my I'm just gonna
check this one oh there you go Ultra
Ball shiny mmm
I know this one real quick yeah that's
all of them so these all together now if
I wish that still my old pokémon other
pokémon cards I did last time so
there's the pokemon cards I've got which
I'm going to sign and I'd say he's
probably like 75 there maybe 100 that I
am gonna you know go through and sign
all individually all right syndicate all
them and post them it's gonna cost me a
bit of money book and I'll put all the
information in this
should've held together my shine is
these ones that I put up for special
prizes and a special way to win them
because just for the lawls so the shine
is that we got we've got a keg R X which
can't the cad feels amazing is it's like
the best card you can get now or
something because it feels like it okay
go Rx it's got a lot of HP and at a pond
I'm Mari and item of an ultra ball oh
yeah Ultra Ball got a Charmander shiny
we've got a Pikachu shiny I love how it
says basic in them are in the top and
yeah Pikachu which is you know obviously
the best card scraggy
I'm Asha Rena um how do you say that
mush mush Arana got Mascherano
a Poochyena a champions room stadium and
add robe or shiny and they go they're
all then if some could tell me if that
is a good card that'd be awesome because
it feels well good like it feels dead
different compared to all these cards
but they go guys that's everything
that's them all on unwrapped and awesome
we've done and like I said I'm gonna be
signing them I got like four sharp is
that I'm gonna go let's go take me
forever and you know I'm probably gonna
try and fill out all the details cuz I'm
gonna have to get like 100 envelopes for
each what we have to do that like 100
envelopes but I don't know just a bit
form I think that what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna stand the back of the card so
I'll probably write in my black sharpie
like syndicate across there and a little
signature that I do and like maybe a
pair of boobs you know some love that
but no guys that's been everything I
hope you've enjoyed the unboxing of the
pokemon cards and like I said I'm gonna
be giving these away all the details of
how I want you to send it me will be in
there just you know in the description
it will be like your name your address
you know the country and then like
that's that's it not a nice message
below perhaps and then yeah but when you
do is when you get it I want you to do
an unboxing video of receiving this but
don't forget this is on syndicate
central so make sure you send the
messages to here and yeah if I if I do
pick you something that out of five
saying I've got your details just as
simple as that I've got your details or
on its way just so you know what's
coming on oh sure I do it's a surprise
I'll do it as a surprise so like the
first like I'll go through and I'll pick
one off of each page of a detail so if
there is even one hundred people who
want a signed card
let me out because I'll sign this side
all right well yeah and then I'll
probably do these on like Twitter
giveaways so special so yeah I mean I
know I'm gonna be signing all these
bodies who wants to win one III hope
they hope that they like the that want
to win it is for the signing of it not
just the Pokemon God someone's like
government man I really want to get a
minim but ever guys thank you for
watching and sorry about no daily vlogs
and it kind of had to stop for this
channel and fortunately just because
there are some background details
everything but thanks watching
management syndicate and adios to your
face
