every time
oh he noticed me going getting in my car
did he actually see that's me or not
yeah I needed batteries to get in the
car
pretty much can't get him I care about
your dad but whatever oh my goodness
finally change the battery whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa
well I know dude it's intense this car
you finally change the battery market my
my key fob so I can now get in and out
like access to watch a YouTube video of
how to do it yeah it dude it's not as
simple as it looks
oh the G cross bakery got myself some
grub but I just found out that someone
robbed one of these buildings last night
and the way they broke into it is didn't
smash a window or smash a door they
professionally removed a pane of glass
like is it you know when you see him
filmed whether they steal like diamonds
yeah they did that but there's nothing
in the house cuz the person died four
weeks ago derp up ssin into today's vlog
from the future if you watch this right
now dark I'm sorry but I'm gonna have to
say goodbye because I need to show you
this ladies and gentlemen boom I'm
currently rendering out the Minecraft
Project episode 400 right and if you're
watching this vlog right now this got
loaded at 6 p.m.
I hope this wound up on time 6 p.m. ok 6
damn p.m. the Minecraft Project episode
4 hundred which is rendering on that PC
is gonna be uploaded to my channel for
again fingers crossed
6:30 p.m. on youtube.com forward slash
syndicate so the syndicate project my
gaming gaming channel that video that
you just saw is gonna be uploaded there
for you guys to watch alright I'm trying
my best to get it all up on time if it
doesn't that I'm a potato this lighting
is amazing I love it so if you are
stoked and you are a viewer of my old
series the micro project which last
episode was I believe like three years
ago three years ago episode 399 was
episode 400 is rendering for your faces
click the link in the description when
it's finally live or just go to
youtube.com for such them to get and go
and enjoy and there's a few
announcements in there about future
series of I don't know something or
other so get watching it at stick stay
p.m. what
get him out get him out now game I owe
you one
now the thing about owning the company
is that you don't actually have to do
you can you can you can oh shit Oh shoes
neela
machine Oh shoes me shite the Belkin see
my reflection interval I should really
be helping move these bullshit sorry
what you got on from welcome to I stand
here and wait for the box to close to
I'd the Chaney's not long enough guys
try this one again done here
Neil picks up the box passes it to my
mom passes it to me plus this is twine
it goes on the on the shelf nailed it
what you did up boy oh yeah making me
feel but you absolute well Neal's
alleged you brought all the boxes in
great guys all made there's a story to
be told about this shop but tell you
what I'm saving it for another day
mother of upgrades Oh meeting wrapped at
a pretty cool talk with these guys over
here about getting a goddamn new PC I've
been talking about it for a while
because you know gotta give a shout out
stretched you
my boys in video I've been hooking me up
for life absolutely ages but everyone
always says I'm like oh AGP see what's
in your PC this is this and that's time
I'm like I don't want him at PC and I
can't tell you we can get from because
he got custom made to me and they don't
sell it so trying to make a proper
working relationship with a company but
we'll we'll see how it goes
fingers crossed fingers crossed goodbye
Neal goodbye now love you deal yeah I
love you oh he got him using a cat
well he's not even turning runs away of
goodbye at me but uh I'm grateful busted
and yes to everyone in the chat I know
you keep saying he looks like GRU okay
doesn't like not grew wait group who's
the bad guy who's the bad guy out of
just
come with me it looks like that guy
maybe I won't it's honestly like I'm
addicted to streaming because when you
have a community like this why would you
not want to even though I look tired
because of these guys could that so
strong so god damn strong that's a good
quick stream had some fun bye bye house
hello wife she's so she's fucking
leaving me what the fuck my wife this
shows far who's on at the o2 Ritz that
requires everyone to cure outside like
this they look like youngish oldest folk
Oh to the Ritz Oh to the Ritz Oh to the
wrist Oh to the risk what the hell the
person performs even have the name on it
what or in Manchester and there's the I
think Science and Industry train museum
but we're going to a place called bus
okay
what photos gonna crash there okay so
this is AK Bars and apparently is very
nice how long's the wait how long
interruption I've actually got no pants
and I'm currently office
mom I've decided that today in this vlog
which is actually tomorrow but I'm put
it in today's vlog we're going to be
doing a bit of a cool competition right
I've already tweeted out so I might link
to the tweet but what I want you guys to
do is take a photo of you're wearing
your syndicate original merch it can be
a wristband it can be a poster on the
wall but with you Enix on to see your
faces C's rockin the swag we see you're
wearing your shirt your hat your hoodie
or whatever I want you to take a photo
of it tweet me at pro syndicate write
and tag obviously syndicate version as
well and then I'm gonna pick a few
people to were slide on in then DM so
you got me follow me on Twitter I gonna
slide into your DMS and be like yo sorry
you were wearing this wagon feel like
it's time to hook you up cuz we've got
Christmas coming and we got a bunch of
new deliveries so because we've got a
budget because we've got a bunch of new
stuff I feel like it's time to give back
to you guys you've been supporting the
brand it's time to have a look at what
you've got find out what you haven't got
and send you some swag so I'm gonna pick
a bunch of random people and in
tomorrow's vlog I'll probably announce
who they are where they're from and much
love to the faces so yeah tweet me you
don't need to like give me an address or
anything in the tweet just tweet me a
picture of you wearing it are you
rocking it stuff like that so if you
fancy doing it then get it done and you
might get yourself some free swag before
Christmas
Autry swag to be able to give someone
else if you wanna give it away as a gift
just let me know a different size what
you want so yeah I'll be in touch just
wanted to randomly throw that into
today's vlog so yeah giving back to the
community
been there for 45 minutes almost and
this is a very nice entrance to a
restaurant I just realized I wasn't even
recording
we've been sighted for 45 minutes
waiting on food
many they did say it in event it also
vote what do you think of my bald spot
like cuz look right from there it makes
me look dead fat donate because it looks
like I'll have an extra line of Chim but
it's just finished it's just natural
stead sauce whatever
we finally said something at the desk
like hey we know you're busy but we can
wait in an hour and then we walked up
and then there was two to see at tables
they're just empty there's Lydia and I'm
going to use the mirror behind it to
show the restaurant so it's okay
a lot of it and it is absolutely rum to
the tits have you got some dip we got
some one lamb chops and chicken fedora
it's just like chicken strips it looks
good behind the see you there Oh like a
lot of interruptions from the future I
know it's stupid but it's just one of
those days I didn't see Lydia
throughout the entire week because I was
just like streaming streaming streaming
streaming streaming and I don't really
get to spend any time with it so last
night you know we went out for food we
ended up wasting an entire hour waiting
flat food even though it was delicious
food we didn't actually feel pretty
pretty ill the next day but was to be
honest like stomachs kept it up all
night and we woke up at one point like
four o'clock and I didn't get back to
bed to like half past five just cuz like
my stomach with bad Lydia's was bad but
we're not it you know it probably was
the food but I don't know what it was
that didn't sell with us but anyway yeah
I just wish you want to wait that long
cuz I probably could have done more with
my night rather than it just being stuck
in a waiting room and stuff so to the
fan I met in the actual waiting area
very nice to meet you by the way but on
that no ladies and gentlemen I do after
a Publix I need to get this video
uploaded to the youtubes I'm heading
down to London into Morrow's vlog so
look forward to that and you never know
I did organize to meet up with a certain
youtuber down in London not sure if he's
going to but we'll have to see
g'day guess who it is live comment down
below and I'll see you guys tomorrow 6
p.m. the next day I blog so much love to
you faces thank you for watching leave
that like rating subscribe and I'll see
you guys then I saw do hot
