right so these are my new headphones
that I got from Razer them a limited
edition Kraken headphones they're a
matte black Foley and this is number 320
I'll show you
320 out of one three three seven they
only made seven of these which is
awesome so I got 320 and I'm just
wearing it now and they have IRA I get a
letter one second they said they set
this right always sits see from the self
call the lettering is it's eatery but
then I get it upside down no it's where
does it go this way there we go since we
are proud to announce in sweet so I
rents completely wrong since we
announced the Kraken at Gamescom 2012
gamers all all over the world have taken
this iconic look on compromising our own
performance and comfortable where it's
really comfort but I don't know what it
sounds like someone texted me yeah I
just plug it into my iPhone because it's
got back so I can do and then it's got
the other cable to plug in to keep you
up but carry on saying ads with most
like current generation peripherals as
the the the razer kraken
has evolved from Razer classic some of
you may remember we launched the Razer
arca several years back to critical to
critically a claim with these painted
entirely iconic 820 C rays agreed to
this day pants around the world where as
a prized sign of their allegiance to the
cult of raise it but we never rested
with our laurels and immediately got to
work on the next best thing perfectly to
perfectly what was a pair of
near-perfect headphones it took several
years of something or cou sticks
building material prototypes and tapping
into the modern enhancements of audio
technology to create what we believe is
our next oral juggernaut
our artisans and engineers have
constructed headphones with that
balanced deep powerful bass clear
mid-tones and highs whilst offering an
optimized weight and form factor in
secret
ergonomics now this headset is actually
really light doesn't feel like it's like
weighing my head down I wear my masters
and I'm fair with any review I'm
bringing like go and so this pride of
joy we present to you the razer kraken
signature black edition at soakin our
appreciation
great yeah if you are stole stole what
support I don't get that this little
addition runner the headphone is
designed in jet black finish to an
exclusive dimension of cool as you hit
the streets with your favorite tracks so
this the cook the thing about headsets
nowadays is for me is look how big
headsets again like you can't but hold
on you can't put a hat on or anything
like that so wait what do this wait I've
got my hair spiked this look like an
Army Ranger Army Ranger so I can like
walk around the streets like this now
listen to my tunes thank you it's a
black ops 2 zombies ha and on behalf of
the scientists engineers and industrial
designers at raised in design lab we are
proud to present you the most
comfortable headphone ever on to our own
signature it's time for an impaired
unparalleled audio experience Wow so
this is their most confused headset ever
so up pretty cool matte black I really
like him and I'll just give you a bit of
a close up of the edge of it there you
guys got all that Razer logo there they
look super cool and I really like of the
are extremely extremely comfortable and
even a folding like this as well so you
can yeah so what are we doing and try to
this in another video but then the
YouTube app crash so it's going great in
it what's it called if you want to be
questioned guys I'll put a link to my
description it tomorrow I'll put a link
to my description no one do that I'll
put a link to my Twitter in the
description where you can ask me
questions on Twitter then hopefully
every little vlog I do today I can
answer a tweet off one of you guys
something that mean pretty cool but yeah
most comfortable headset that razors
ever made it's feeling pretty confident
conf it I'm about to listen to will I am
scream and shout featuring Britney
Spears first time I've heard it so gonna
give it a listen over now and see if
it's any good cuz senior advertised
every reps on the beats by dre music
advert so I'm really about listen no
wonder like you know it his so he's
saying about and so my I see you guys
nailed up boobs
