okay I'm in front of my computer okay so
you are in front of your computer like
yes I'm in front of my computer okay
okay just hold on for a second sir and
don't swing get Quadrophenia supervisor
will guide you further and peace so you
are the problem
hey good the toilet once again Stan -
yeah but why am i Emily hello Holly are
you thank you so much for for holding
the line this is a Shane and I'm senior
supervisor out here how aging today very
well thank you
right I'm very well thank you and get
you I'm very well thank you
alright sir
so like are you nearby sister so I can
show you the problems that they had not
a moment in this to use this room do we
do alright alright you wanting a kisser
now just look at for your keyboard
alright I'll guide you through the
keyboard all right
your idea of using technical steps you
just need to follow it and then you can
see all the problems in your own eyes
alright put one okay
now what I like to do one thing
correctly first of all just open your
internet explorer like the internet
based remotely browser I'll connect you
for supposed to our technician
department over to the remote session
then follow I'll show you the process
okay here all right so it's a browser is
open like which browser you are using
the Google Chrome Internet Explorer
Mozilla powerful I'm using things from
sorry add pink level a dream power right
you're a bullshit okay here we go shit
yes are you again good are you are you
again good word are you again put one as
your gift
KK is opening up gay
you're a gay what they don't you ring me
and call me a gay you're gay
oh my god he shot you busted or put the
phone on me well nobody wait to start
the day so far where my become the
hunted t-shirt and I hunted that guy
down I love sales sales guys calling me
LOX I just I just destroy him and he
just around is like a yogi
