hey guys it's in kit here i'm going to
try and keep this number 60 seconds last
time I one to two minutes so i redid it
so basically and we're in panic mode and
the map pack for the new dlc comes out
on a 29 so it's going to come light in
the morning the 29th or something but
I'm panicking like crazy because I tried
downloading a file today which was the
actual file that you guys saw of the
frigerators studio visit which was
friggin amazing quality condensed it
from a 5.5 gigabyte file to 666 so I
could download it still couldn't do it
because the download said it was going
to take me like nine hours to download
so you can see why I'm like oh what the
hell and so if you're wondering like
what's this got to do with dlc is if i
try and download the new zombies dlc
with 0.2 download speed it's gonna take
me like a full fucking day it's gonna be
insane so this going to go to two
minutes and so what i have to do is I
have to pull some magic out of the bag
to try and get this side so i'm going to
say like a TV and an xbox to the
starbucks hopefully out faster and i
just got anywhere i can find in Oklahoma
to try and get super fast internet so if
you have from Oklahoma and you can hook
me up with um like super fast internet
speeds leave a comment below because and
somehow we need to get ahold of fast
internet to be able to download this
because we can't do anything about our
internet till past the 29th and care of
important for me to try and get rocking
and rolling with this map pack like ASAP
so you guys can get be spotted and for
those who you know can't rush to get
home I can give you the upper hand and
everything you need to know what stuff
up so and yeah plus I just really really
want to play it yeah it's pretty much
everything I want to do just a big
shout-out to res from triac zombies
you're a fucking legend and you know why
and it's madness right now he's really
helping me out so rez you're fucking
awesome and I'll leave his Twitter in
the description go and sell myself
thanks I know you've all got to work
because we hit 500 thousand followers so
huge link to that this is about two
minutes so I'm going to go I've got to
show you the cat that's Caitlin she's
getting better for people asking thank
you for everyone saying a really nice
response to Caitlyn thank you thank you
everyone I don't look nice for the god
of thunder is it gonna thunder I don't
know by
