oh I have just woke up because I feel
like I kind of just have whoa okay so
maybe I have just woke up that's that's
that's the imprint of me fall asleep on
the kind of like custom-made air bed
couch that we've done well I got a
tattoo or something down the side of my
face
what's going on but a man I am I am I
feeling lazy right now and what a story
of events to talk about today I it's
been pretty crazy the last 24 hours have
kind of been a bit like whoa bro
grab your jets yo and I think I'm about
to crush on banana so they just move
them real quick a black silicon you read
healthy food no and after I just eaten
like some turkey barbecue sauce sandwich
which with if you ever got to Oklahoma
get um get what's it called um turkey
barbecue sandwich well they go I did say
it okay so the story oh that's such a
weird mark on my face mind if I had that
permanent like evil eyes and the story
of events of last name mean Kate were up
it was super late and it was like four
o'clock we went to bed we ended up going
to a Walmart at like midnight we went
rented a film because I was kind of
tired but Kate wasn't so we decided that
we go to Walmart we get a film we got
the Hunger Games really good film really
enjoyed that it must be like a three
hour film last time because it felt like
it took forever and watch the film it
was super cool and everything we decided
to go to bed the cat's been amazing he
jumped in bed he snuggled next to me and
Kate it was really nice and you know
he's really finding himself at home he's
potty trick
potty trained litter box trained he
doesn't understand that he's bed this is
where you sleep I don't think he
actually decides to attack that instead
he's like I'm not getting in that thing
and I'm just like bites it and throws it
around and rolls around with it so far
and but yeah we went I went to sleep at
like 4 o'clock and two hours later I
wake up and Kate's not their neighbors
the cat and I'm like hmm what's going on
look look down they're not just in the
bed look down there
Kate to the bathroom the lights on and
I'm like
I should go to the toilet everything's
fine
I know so I'm going to see if I firmly
against these jokes whilst I do story
time with Tom and I'm like ah Kate was
cables just gone to the bathroom you
know nothing too complex about that
folks at a time
six o'clock went back to bed woke up
again and this time like something
walked milk it wasn't me just natural
weak help but something woke me up and I
looked the lights on in the bathroom I
didn't check what time it was I was like
I've gone back to sleep for two hours an
hour ten minutes five minutes but I just
felt super tired and super wrecked and
right now I'm like so tired I was like
what is that
I kind of some what's going on so then I
saw the cat run around like crazy which
is about to come and play with us now
I've got this one set I'm trying to
track the cat and hopeful this isn't
just a routine if you to watch okay I'll
show you the cat a second I'll finish
the story so the cats really run like
crazy and meow in a meowing and meowing
meowing I'm like what is going on why is
the cat going crazy
so I'm looking Kate's not next to me and
I'm like okay so I went in there okay
some Kate's like upset in the bathroom I
cry and what are you okay what what's
the matter is something up but I felt
like the cat is she killed the cat or
something like that like I don't know so
I'm a coward I'd look at like what
she'll see if jump in front of it jump
do that thing when you jump in front of
the camera come come okay Guardium
anyway should we do it with this what is
he what is it what is it alright so
everyone's like continue the story is
good okay so walking it on what thanks
for just what P tail across the the
camera lens and so walking on like Kate
you're right she's like no I can't hear
anything
no at first I had to shout we didn't no
one replied so that's why I was
panicking so I went in I'm like you okay
she's like nobody is really hurt I feel
like me is about to explode I'm like
whoa she's got an ear infection
alright now I'm like like hallucinating
I feel like it like just oh just woke up
you know that stage we like don't know
what's going on so I was like come back
to bed freezing cold this article
in foliage come back to bed and we'll
have a look what's up so I went on in
that looks at rock was wrong and she had
a bike a bad throw coughing all these
symptoms you know been getting Google of
Google Google's your friend yeah kid
again
what if is gonna climb up it
everyone's like just tag oh damn
strawberry jam um see if the cat goes
for it oh I think it might be
okay I have so yeah basically Kate came
up I came back to bed we look sounds
like right okay it says lean on the ear
that the pressures light on so like
there's any fluid in it it drains out of
it I think I remember being told to do
that again when I had a bad day ones and
some and then they're telling to do that
but you suck no it's too much pain I
can't cope with it I'm going to go to
the emergency room so I'm like your
office half awake like you can have to
go where do what and do how why and then
she's ringing family and friends and I'm
just like so tight like I've only ever
lesson child asleep but I'm just like
what's going on that I fully wake up and
I'm like okay what you're gonna do is
like right right I've run family I'm
gonna go to the emergency room they go
to pick me up at X time so then I'm like
is there anything I can do between now
some tablets she's like no the doctor
might me gave me some so I'm not going
to take any until I see them total right
okay so I then fall back asleep after
you know cuddling Caitlin make sure
she's all right but she's in so much
pain and I felt like a sleep I was just
like I can't believe it was happening
there I just had a really elusive dream
ball and roller coasters and I was wait
and then and then I wake up and
occasionally like in real pain again and
then I'm like what I did you know when
you feel so bad with the person you love
and you can do anything to like make me
feel better so I felt like I felt
terrible so Kate's there just in so much
pain and then and she's like right I'm
going to doctors now so she walks off
and I fall back asleep and she comes
back at like 10 o'clock she leaves it
like a I think she leaves at 8:00 and
she comes back at 10 o'clock and she's
like yeah I was there for an hour
waiting outside for it to I started
waiting for it to open or something the
place the place the emergency that she
didn't go to normally I she went to
private doctors or something like that
and she went there they give her some
medicine and she took this medicine are
added bionics and it works right away
said she had an ear infection and that
ear drum was gonna rupture so that means
if I don't when she said ruptured to me
I was like it's happening if it explode
your ear like is he just gonna go pow I
know yeah so there's me like panicking
when she said rupture my is it ruptured
by rupture your butthole
thus when people say rupture that's the
only thing that comes into my head
ruptured but for some reason we don't
know and so she said like a drum one was
ruptured and the doctor
it would have been good for a pain wise
if it did rupture because then it
wouldn't it wouldn't the pain wonders be
severe because the it was said that's
your eardrum but this is the outside of
and then this is inside case head all
the pain was building up back here so if
it ruptured then the pain could come out
I release I like the fluid however it
was could manage to get out the pressure
could stop building up and so it didn't
which is good and the tablets help the
pain but now she's just in a lot of pain
so so she got some antibiotics that
she's got to take like four tablets a
day two of them on into at night and
she's still like she's got no virus
either this is the bad this was the
worst thing she's got she's got a voice
at all she's she got my flu of me coming
over here and in the in the u.s. they
take tablets they take shots you like
injection the arm for and to stop them
from getting the American flu but I came
up with British flu like a hat something
you haven't defended against gave her
that so I feel I'm I'm around just got
bit bummed up nose but I was proper
coughing previously but I'm fine I'm
fine now and but yeah so Kate's like in
a bit of a a bit of a state at the
moment of being ill and all that and
just try to make sure she rests but she
came back at ten o'clock and she was
like dead she was all excited cuz their
medicine words which was like I don't go
play The Sims and she wouldn't play The
Sims and then I and then I was like how
close you are okay so I went back to bed
I was so - I know I'm lazy and I went to
bat back to bed at ten o'clock and when
I went to bed I woke up at two o'clock
and when I woke up right I looked at the
door
I forgot Caitlin would come home I
looked at the door the chain was off the
door the lock was open
I started don't the chain was on the
door and the door was locked and I was
like look - what next in it okay it
wasn't there looked in the computer okay
it wasn't there when it looked in the
bathroom it wasn't there looked in the
kitchen Kate wasn't there turn around
and there's just this pile of like
blankets all wrapped up and Kate inside
you but I didn't know until I saw
something move and I we used stop making
noise
look at him she's so cute
hey commission when I go to one I am
I'll miss you
I'm Adam a day and I'm missing what I'm
gonna miss him already
and so Caitlin got hurry oh this is the
longest vlog of ever done in my life
what do you know about being stressed
that way you do it are we doing walking
off a tin foil wrap um he's doing it
you're gonna walk up it stupid you know
he's got bit got a small piece of Turkey
in it and so yeah went badly we'll call
and then like Kate was in the other room
but the cat had crawled under the bottom
section the blankets into their fart
fallen asleep and then when I walked in
the room I was so disturbed it the cat
came crawling out and that it was a
photo cape on Twitter of where like
Kate's asleep and said this is a blanket
like that across her the cat's headed
popped out there and just like slept on
it and I was just like it's the cutest
thing ever
so this has been an insanely long vlog
hopefully you can all tell Kate when to
get there soon because I hope she does
and the kitty cats like to show you like
how crazy the cat goes ballistic anyway
that's my blog for today guys so it's
been super long and that's probably
gonna take five hours to upload but I
say I need to tell you story time so I'm
pretty tired right now and we don't get
couch or a bed for another week now it
was supposed to be today but the store
delivered it to the wrong store
and so we get free delivery and in a
week's time which sucks because I'd
rather have it today or in a few days
and have to go and pay to pick it up
myself but ain't nobody got time for
that right anyway guys thanks watching
and Dad I hope you have a nice safe trip
down to wherever you go in Birmingham
tomorrow today another sister Alice I
don't know if you've moved into your
house yet but if you have gratz and I
don't know how that's going for you
Gail the cats doing awesome
and say hello to care for that girl I
love you my name is thought and I am one
not even I am six months old and I am a
cap now thanks for that cat is that I
love you I drew your finger and now
let's try to eat the soup
so guys head in the super stop eyes I
smell fish and I've got some like fish
soup and you know it's clam chowder
that's why I got and yes right every
time I put the Camerons up other that's
kinda what I'm gonna move it weighs like
chaos and it's my mom and hope you doing
alright I'll give you a phone call soon
I probably FaceTime you I faced a my mom
but they all watch these vlogs so well
hearts and kisses and family I hope you
doing okay thanks watchin and it's going
to take me hours toward sweet trains by
back here take a step back you can hear
Kate coughing I bicep I see if I give up
Deborah yeah well maybe that was the cat
we do nothing by say well see what take
about do you what do you what do they go
waves it wave goodbye I swear by boat
