hey what's up guys it's Nick it here and
we have some good news and it's probably
gonna run off as soon as I start this
bot and I mean Katelyn little fellow
hello
and he's used to resolve just high-five
me he's like rubbish there but over hey
there this is thought and he is a what
kind of cat it's a six month old kitten
tabby a brown cow hey sook nope he's
gonna eat all the pandas Kate's gonna
come back one day like all the Panda
collection of like sixty pounds he's
gonna do come but yeah for people warned
about my daily vlogs I am doing this
daily button and what I did today is and
I'm making it in sync so when I upload a
video is kind of like late at night so
he puts it a 24-hour schedule of daily
vlogs but whilst I'm in Oklahoma I was
try to do it to the UK time but that
only gave me till 6 p.m. to avoid video
which was not enough for the day so we
just changed it so this is this is
thought to be in the video doesn't wanna
be in a video
what's that
he's following get away that's not if
you did you stop the video then happy
man but he's super cute and we've just
got back for him now right he only knows
how to scratch on this he already know
somebody's bed is six months old and we
adopted him well Caitlyn adopted him but
I'm throwing the Wii in there cuz I
never and you already knows how to use
these little trace that's awesome saves
is like a lot of chaos of him going Hey
look there's a razorblade laptop I'm
gonna go and take a poo on it that's our
thing so just back in his box
Kate unbox the video of him jump it out
you know for the first time not cool
what is this place so that was really
cute it was really exciting to die
around us and now is I think he's just
getting used to the whole place but we
like every nook and cranny can go under
like he was climbing trying to get
behind the PC yeah and he gets in the
back which is quite funny so I'm gonna
try and even bath in him in a minute
cause he's um dabeli okay couple stinks
hot stings a little bit what are you
doing well obviously don't respond to
his name's actually Flint IRA you know
when they adopt import we've named the
thought so
name stick eventually just go to
meantime and I'll see what you doing hey
what's this
I'll show you I'll show you
it jumps really good I don't know if you
guys can see this done so this is the
cutest kid then we're ever gonna see
this is the ha love you know me to bits
but yeah I start sharing with you and I
think he's awesome so could we look
after in the next couple days with
Caitlin is like it's like I'm taking
this to my lair I got so many stuff that
I can tell he's gonna eat he's gonna
like eat all the the socks in here and
stuff are so gonna have to move a lot of
stuff but yeah he's super cute and I
love him to bits I love you oh look at
you cute but yeah guys make sure you
leave a comment telling you oh
they're my glasses no don't do that
we've gotta be firm my dad's taught me
well with them so well we've already
seen you guys the two glasses he likes
to climb up on everything he's not
supposed to but it's okay just exploring
for the first time still I understand
that and yeah my dad talked pretty well
teaching cats what to know their case
dog boots know everyone's like sounds
like a really good cat all they seem to
be doing is eating everything boys what
cats do for the first time so yeah guys
thanks for watching I'll make sure I get
loads of logs out with Thor he's just
prowling around right now trust NIF out
everything you can and I guess it's I
guess I'll see you guys later thanks for
you I say goodbye hey oh hey oh say
goodbye
well that's some waving goodbye I guess
but oh
