don't be looking at me like that I know
I've been bed lazy and I am in bed at
like 4:00 p.m. but I've got like I've
got a call coming on but like this
morning I've completely lost my voice
but the story's adventure of the tales
of today Wow okay you have to play as
one without me well I try and plug real
quick then but play and we'll play black
ops like this mean Caitlyn okay and
we're playing card go we're playing this
and we're playing it split screen I took
I took the TV off the wall split screen
and Kate Spaulding we were plate we've
been playing a lot of combat training
and so she gets used to like playing and
what guns to use and stuff on that but
she's been actually kicking ass and I'm
super good
the hostess can sit talking blog and so
it's actually been pretty pretty epic
um so I'm kind of happy about that so
this is uh this is our bed because we
had say I go and show you the bedroom
I'm out Sean yeah she looks like each
babies were made that way yeah so this
morning I decided it would be funny that
when Kate went into the bathroom like I
show they would paint the wall boy look
really good and we've painted the
bathroom as well so this looks awesome
awesome nice and balloons that are
really good job in here and we just need
to tidy up in here I'll probably do that
so she doesn't have to do messages I get
a message up my beast one Twitter fan
account but yeah this morning I thought
it'd be a really good idea to try and
surprise Kate when I've got a little
office now there you go I try and
surprise Kate when she did she uh she's
like oh go to the toilet and do
something there and I wasn't right
height so I was like way alongside where
she slept now but I hit at the bottom of
the bed under all the piles cause like
when she got the bed she threw him down
so I hid in that pile I heard Kate come
out and she checked the door over there
to see if I was hit in the cupboard I
wasn't hitting the cupboard so she came
back in here she looked around come see
me
she then went back into the bedroom and
when
to try and get me to come out I get my
attention what do you think it was it
was a gimmick that make sure you spot me
into the game is end but the game will
kick you out
heosu it chef so that was good Cod unit
but what's it called I compete all over
there or don't you can see on my book oh
they go yeah so these were like my best
pants like this but now there's paint
holding this that's great but what's
closer yeah we're just putting a bit
ecology yeah and then a cape came back
in and she's like you know I could tell
she was like where is it
and so she assumed I'd gone out but the
door was locked the chain was on the
door so it was like impossible for me to
get out and do it and lock it again so
she went to get on the bed and just lie
down and when she went to stand on the
bed she stood on me and I thought that
was her way of kicking me to the ha
found you it wasn't so I took took going
raaah
she needs me you dick she need me like
what in the head and I honestly nearly
knocked me out but the pressure my head
won't fall I was like holy I can feel
crazy and so that was quite funny and
then then I don't know before that at
like what was he nine o'clock in the
morning well this maintenance guy came
knocking on and Kate told me already
about this maintenance man and comes
knocking on his like notes right and is
an ex-cop okay well he's an ex-cop and
and he wakes up everyday at our five in
mind he knocks indoors like their dads
and I was like oh shit myself next with
it I was like okay so looks at K like
what's going on so uh and we were like
just in bed so I was like well what do I
do
says I'd rather changing up with a girl
a min so I was like all right one second
and then he knocked again so let's shout
your bucket because he just would not
stop shouting so Kate when I open the
door and he just came in change the some
seals on the washing
I don't know and then a just was like
yep I wake up at half half five every
day
don't waste my days and I was like yeah
I'm going back to bed mate so what bed
and a backup it like twelve or one
that's on the map but yeah interesting
day so far I put my even put to do vlogs
out today depends what we go up to I
don't think we have any plans for today
I think it's just a game day something
did you dredge quick did you just read
quick so yeah we know do it Oh quick we
need to talk about the quite queue
neighs ah I just need your hair in this
in the shot that's there's K right what
we're going to do is because case hate
case just here I think 250,000 followers
subscribers on a channel and I okay I've
hit fringe of 50,000 on my vlog and Cho
we're going to do a QA together so you
show these questions that we both can
answer and we'll do one video on my
channel on video and hair channel and it
should be geared I would throw to it and
we'll do it on art we could do it on our
big cameras under Pro cameras but anyway
I want to say thanks for watching links
to the description to the Facebook where
I'm gonna be putting the post out to say
you know ask me a question and there oh
yeah on Twitter almost at five hundred
thousand followers so make sure you
follow me on Twitter as well
thanks watching to I say goodbye right
goodbye
murder nerds
