this is probably gonna be really really
bad idea
but I felt like going out on my scooter
down this huge road and hopefully not
getting knocked over and trying to do
some 100 blog well I just thought I'd
you know do blog let you guys know I've
been a went to rock lobster Lobster no
Red Lobster this morning got some sexy
air salmon inside me okay I'm picking up
some speed here I'm definitely doing
over the speed limit 20 miles per hour
and if I crash this is probably my this
is probably my phone absolutely getting
smashed to pieces but I can even see it
that road now boy like I'm a in a sense
like hitchhiking I just go trying not
get knocked over but yeah I thought I'd
come out do a little vlog oh wait no
this is not speed limit it's a weight
limit like if you're too fat you may not
cross the bridge troll bridge your head
but yeah I'm just going going for a
scoop I absolutely love this I know I've
been putting pictures on it on Instagram
like crazy but you can't not love a
stewart it's easily the best thing I've
bought in with the past ten years it's
so much fun I used to how one is a kid
look let's show B beam it's a lot of fun
and this road is mint it's just like
it's just so wrong I could go to the top
of em roll all the way down it in like
super fast speed probably better if I
use two hands and I can go this way as
well it's not too steep either side so
what's all if I know it's a 15 mile per
hour zone so I'm you know shouldn't get
don't get here don't want to fall over
at the same time but I can't whatever
it's yeah I was gonna say I really want
to go in the bushes under try and find a
snake that's in for my leg I found a
snake I have some columns in the snake
it's probably like it's pretty shit
probably scars looking at me I stand off
the road but in oh what's been going on
what's been going on you know this exit
this exit land and quite a lot really
it's been pretty pretty insane this
morning woke up within ten minutes of
being awake I went and I went to Red
Lobster people all look at me in the car
like what is this guy
I went to Red Lobster not rock lobster
can't see me except there ya have to
face this way face the Sun face this
reach for the sky and went to Red
Lobster with Kate's grandparents where
they taught me all about football which
was kind of good American football cuz
you know what don't know me I don't like
FIFA don't like English football but I
am a kafir fan of rugby the other thing
that's pretty cool an American football
so you know just mixing things up so
they taught me all the rules for all
that so I'm pretty uh pretty excited cuz
I'm gonna go around to the house there
today
and I'm gonna watch an American football
game which would be pretty epic because
I know the most the rules and they will
actually tell me now so when I go and
watch them go and watch the game I'm not
gonna be like an uber noob and not know
what I'm on about at all so I'm gonna go
and go and go watch that for a bit
that's like six o'clock but now I'm just
about to work I'm just out I'm like away
from the apartment at the moment on a
scooter I've been scooting for ages but
I'm gonna go down to what's it called go
back to the apartment once I go like up
the road or something see what's up
there I'm gonna return back to the
apartment
I'm gonna go and get me some get some
drink on no I alcohol you drink like a
kool aid or something and it will more
cows coming and I want some fish in my
kool-aid I'm gonna start painting the
house and they're also uh when I went
down to Hart House studios you know to
make the gaming the food gaming thing
and I did I record it whilst I was there
for the day so I've got loads of footage
that I'm gonna be rendering into a video
which should be pretty cool but that's
for the main channel but if anything I
need to sum up yes emiliana 500 thousand
followers on Twitter that's correct well
where the channels are where the
Twitter's more of a me but a nearly on a
half a million twelve hours that's crazy
but we're like I think we're 6,000 away
Toby told me today so yeah only six
thousand ways if you haven't got Twitter
I have go make one and follow a process
indicating the see me there and then
yeah that'll be a fun times and I'm like
try to grind oh my god why do I try like
grind a little step but oh that's pretty
much I got paint on my scooter
no we paint you've one of the walls
yesterday looks really good but I
probably do a vlog tomorrow over inside
the house so you can see all finished
and hopefully you'll like it so my
specific guys thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed this like scenic outdoor
vlog today instead of being inside
because I just really want to get on the
scooter and have some fun so yeah pretty
much everything
thanks watching and I like trains bye
