well this is pretty HD I hope I've got a
kind of like stay silks I focused it I
would put the camera on focus but I
think all y'all here is it did it did it
did it er other things if zoom you know
folks in a Cell for them yeah I'm giving
this a go so I feel that random because
you can see me they're running with
staring up and see the back of my and
that's not spiked up but oh yeah I've
got you like self in a tripod on my desk
and I just want to do a video and say
like hello and yeah it's kind of a skew
guys if any of you are going to
Eurogamer I'm gonna be going down there
on the 26 huge surprise Caitlin's coming
oh she's gonna be there for a week as
well which is gonna be awesome so gets
to enjoy like a week down in London with
Caitlin my friend Chris is coming with
me as well for the first two days and he
goes back home it's his birthday he's 20
which is cool but I wanted to drop in
and see if any of you guys go and if you
are let me know in the comments and
maybe I'll see you guys now that they've
been hopefully have a big meet up and
tickles bowls and stuff and I think
things could be pretty awesome but ever
and that I just want can't wait to test
this out and see what it looks like as a
video for you guys to enjoy so if you
think the quality looks good
okay new Jewish let me know and I love
your faces as always and yeah I'm gonna
press this button now and try not to
make this too awkward boobs
