I don't know why but a random list
decided decided to vlog in Walmart
because I found this I'm gonna show you
look how big this pillow is body pillow
so I love this place because it's got
everything and I was up to think about
you know a zombie apocalypse last night
of some reason I came to Walmart I
didn't know that to sell bullets so you
could get you get guns and bullets here
so but again if there are some be
apocalypse generally be coming here one
they thought then you can get food that
lasts forever because it's got so much
shit in it like preserve isn't stuff I
bought yeah we'll just walk around get
stuff for Caitlyn's house like a bin and
got body pillow cuz one pillow just
doesn't seem to be enough for like two
heads what do you have to like a pillow
each but I was like nope I want one for
both of us so guys I'm gonna get loads
of chocolates I'm gonna do Valentine's
fond Valentine's Day good but look but
I'm being really lazy just you know I'm
pushing this car and I about shaver you
see I've got a bit of a porno - going on
and Kate sir isn't doesn't like Capano -
it's just wrong she shouldn't love it
it's a porno - for Christ's sake
and yeah Kate wasn't happy with upon her
so she made me buy her a raise except
well I left at home I was gonna like try
and grow it for 30 days but she wouldn't
let me so I know she's done it every up
so yeah good Paul got scooter as well so
I'm gonna be scooting around it for a
decent blog site down the road and stuff
from where where we're staying are the
square adventures off even come bring
you to Walmart some are booked yeah yeah
we've got to keep it under two minutes
and I are just around two minutes
otherwise it won't work
Hey
with an England purse yeah we've got so
much more stuff to buy that the sofa
comes this next week which is really
confident
my mum's Barney I know it's got like
it's really concept came to me to sleep
on and then the bed comes this is bed
come the same week other week after I
know that comes a certain week because
right now we're sleeping on the floor or
an air mattress actually which isn't too
bad but yeah I just thought I'd blog let
you know how my lazy adventures going
except feeling really sleepy right now I
got it to eat something right yeah cuz
I'll see you guys later you can pick a
candy and put it in a comment snow biome
I'll buy you all on I promise without
the tree so basically don't mean it but
anyway thanks for watching I hope you
enjoying the transit videos and putting
on my channel apparently can't hear the
gameplay oh no can't hear the audio from
the the people in games that sucks or my
apologies for dammit I tried and very
very very sorry you can't hear him so
yep so as a big part series so I hope
you enjoy I have a lot of fun and a lot
of anger of going down and up and down
and up the staff are so fails she smells
and
goodbye trains on a pancake are we going
