are you you were in the same clothes as
yesterday I you actually wear the same
clothes as yesterday maybe yes I am fell
asleep in them I got I got back from a I
made it all up at kate's no apartment
I'll give you a proper tour soon
hopefully what it's done I'm tired yeah
made it I made it to Kate's apartment
I'm here and everything's fine and uh
now I've just been like FaceTime and
everyone my family let them know i made
it safely all that i get out of shower
yet look at this the hairs all it was
like your shoulders with your hair dyed
proper spiked up what but yeah I've got
to keep all these vlogs and fortunately
down to like I'm gonna do looking like a
minute long if that maybe art wait will
do too many blogs and that'll take me
like 30 40 minutes talking only because
case internet it's supposed to be faster
but a some reason it's not right now so
I'm just going to keep this pretty
pretty nippy and I wanted flight when
really ok so I'm Kate's grandparents and
running I'm cool so then we're going out
for a steak tonight like looking crazy
slept really good i got seven hours
sleep I've been waking up my all like
fall asleep wake up on sleep wake up and
I slept like total of four hours
throughout the traveling and just now
slept seven hours walk up for other like
7am what's been at midnight woke up at
seven a.m. and was like when Sir went to
bathroom brush motif is a reason like
half half asleep except forgot to do it
and then I don't really running me
telling you that I went back to bed and
then woke up at like 11 just noticed
that I've just ripped a hole in my
boxers you remember that why you playing
with your boxes but I was just like
women if I got hole in the boxes but you
have got throw this one there is
literally a hole like this big my boxes
right now it was this big and I just
went it just now but yes I've got make
its quick only two minutes but yeah I'm
fine a minute estates everything's fine
i'm gonna be doing vlogs with kate's and
hopefully we're gonna do a proper Q&A
like professional that QA together so
that should be really cool an awesome so
i'll be doing a Facebook post saying
submit questions so make sure that i'll
put a link description to my facebook
page and so make sure you submit things
questions about to ask us both keep it
appropriate because obviously the like
the crazy and appropriate ones and that
we're not just going to not answer them
and bought wells yeah halfway through
the night apparently I walk up next next
K&K just went and I was like sleep
talking and I lent
and then I started saying something I
kind of exactly remember a foot tweet
out about it and then I was like never
speaking to her and then I started
pointing it like the war I was like the
walls free you can have you can have
that one or something light so i
paralyzed sleep talk which I kind of
already knew about but I think it's
probably because I just just really
really enjoy my sleep last night but in
yeah i can hit i don't know if you can
hear it but I can hear like kate's am
friggin gimme sounds like it's firing
lasers and she's like stacked at the
fridge we've like loads of my favorite
goodies and I got Michael did say this i
got i'm a loser to confiscate off mr.
sucks but got some captain crunch that's
what I mean that's my favorite cereal in
the States and yeah guys spin light over
three minutes so I'm gonna have to go
but thanks watching guys amazing to get
be sure you were like subscribe and
backflip over a horse and man has been
tambo
