I would try and get the daily blog out
real quick I'm in the airport right now
and pretty tired slept on the plane Ida
was it up falling off I actually it was
a supporting our total journey I got
some time but she left in no way of
charging it except my life battery
charger pack oh that's all plug in the
wall one if I find a socket that I could
charge report and yeah I'm just walking
to my gate now see one yeah pretty
pretty pretty tired or same time excited
a flight at five o'clock I was stuck in
a port secure and going through that Lee
took an hour and a half that took a long
time but yeah just I was wondering if
anything I brought lucozade through the
country to give to Kaitlyn and I picked
up in London and I thought I could take
all the way through so i went from the
security i bought but security free zone
of the UK but then when I got to a
state's it was if it was a completely
different case just like it we're gonna
take a bruise I do whatever Caitlin she
was like you gave a drink him now or you
can bid him I said well I've just been
drinking said there's no way i can i can
finish him Paul lucozade or to let alone
two big bottles yes I had to a isilon
throw away sadly I know should have
drank them a sort of stay proud like an
American but I'm young have to get the
shot now because I swear to at least try
and get a shot of logs that like a 20
minute one I was travel over i'll try to
add a little owed it today and it is
actually daily because i'll be in the US
for me but it won't be deal if you guys
I don't think so I'm gonna try and get
this video uploaded and try to find
where gate c 1 it's because right now I
can't find it I don't know I see one
it's got it every guys thanks watching I
I'll let you know what I'm gets Caitlin
I'll do I've worked with her under yeah
so you guys there thanks watching I'm
like trains and planes by
