I know you can hardly see me right now
but it's snowing and yeah you can't see
any of that god damn I phones and a non
like picking up but yeah it's snowing so
I've got my husky hood on and I wasn't
wearing it I actually was rocking the
the flat hair today actually went out
for me without respite first time I
think I've my friends have ever seen me
without spikes a pair but wait let's
face the light there you go
yay snowing so I just decided to come
out in the snow shop like yeah Lebowski
hold on it's awesome
yeah come believe it's properly snowing
like you look at the ground can you see
the ground does it look snowing that is
a washing machine just chilling in the
garden by the way that I used to go soon
I got my dad a new one for Christmas
because he needed one any and that
that's that go when you turn it whoa
that's crazy put in yeah I'm here just
doing a vlog in the snow because what's
the chances of me seen snow again when
I'm going out to Oklahoma and I'm going
I'm going that I'm going to London
tomorrow it's gonna be pretty crazy I'm
gonna go over to London it's gonna be
sweet I don't think I've got it like for
4 o'clock or something like that down to
London I'll be in London for two days
and then once I'm done in London for two
days I'm heading over to Oklahoma for a
month
pretty crazy so but yeah I should be a
lot of fun I just had a really good meal
why every time before I go on like a big
trip fucking month or two we exist in LA
and I mean I mean the lads always gone
up a meal I mean Chris Cornell for me
all that sort of thing so just when I
had the meal it was a Liam's birthday so
I got in like a chocolate fudge cake and
I asked for the bill like an idiot it
came everyone's like who asked for a
chocolate fudge cake because it was like
one I'm secret ones where they bring it
out
happy birthday to and then then they
going who's brought it out like and then
he looked at me whilst I was trying to
everyone to show up like talking about
it but uh and then a turnaround looked
to me I was like what no I don't do
anything that sort of thing but yeah so
the cover got blown but it did enjoy and
he appreciated it so I've never seen I
don't think I've ever seen someone eat
chocolate fudge cake as fast as that my
life as well but yeah it's snowing I'm
gonna miss this because I would like to
watch the beer for the snow duration of
the UK so I'm missing quite a fun time
in the in the UK boy and go out to
Oklahoma it's gonna be boiling hot I
think this funder stands right there
there right now so it's hailing but at
least he's going
get a suntan and I'll come back with a
suntan and it's hopefully gonna be
snowing here in everything could be like
well they all do you get that from and
I'm like eBay eBay but anyway I wait to
wrap this up and say yeah oh no wait oh
yeah looks No
oh oh wait a bit just fell on a bitch
found the bomb but crazy news and
YouTube's bugged out apparently or
something like wants me to tell me it's
legit just cuz I want it to be real cuz
I think that's amazing but my malaysia
shredded of moon has been up for 21
hours okay and it's got two million
views BBQ sauce
how is that possible no one knows how
that's happened it's absolutely crazy
it's just like gone
it's even got like the views it's
supposed to get or you know that
YouTube's algorithms has finally fixed
where people watch the videos you know
they're supposed to get in the sub box
because like I've got to point to almost
2.2 million subscribers so it might be
like hey we fixed it there's two million
viewers on that video that would be
insane if that happened that just be
mind boggling crazy but for some reason
I'm gonna think it's a glitch a YouTube
that's unfortunately it would be nice to
say it's legit but I can't say it is or
it isn't so that's a fart joke cuz I
woke up this morning and someone showed
me a tweet in the morning going hey hey
Tom I can't believe your video got 1.7
million views in like in just over 12
hours I was like what and went and like
went and looked and it was on 1.8 I was
like holy crap what's again later on the
day it was on one point nine point nine
and I was like oh my god that's insane
so I'm gonna check what it's on now and
see if it's come back down to like one
view but I saw that was crazy how it
went to such an insane figure but anyway
I'm gonna go in now from the Cork's it's
kind of cold out here and everything but
it and this light makes me look like I'm
but thanks watching guys I'll be try to
keep up the daily vlogs whilst I'm in
London and stuff as long as I've got
internet I try and get a vlog done I
need to try and get about between 8 p.m.
and but hopefully if I don't go out
drinking I'll go to meals or something
like that I can get them out sooner or
before midnight but I know it guys
thanks for watching and what I might do
is record an extra vlog but keep it
private on my channel so when I'm flying
over it's key if I can actually get a
video public all recorded and uploaded I
just go Boop make it public and I'll
jump like a bonus video for this channel
so at least it's daily but I know guys
thanks watching I'm gonna go inside now
and
let it snow let it snow let it snow whoo
