looks like I only have half a face so
I'm gonna do half a face blog I'm mostly
going to do it like this hopefully I
think you can genuine when we see half
my face according to this light that I'm
on anyway but hey guys how's it going
I've got my head so I could take just
dismantle it but am i doing a blog like
a civilized I have to work my bedroom
where the light is like perfect cuz here
the lights up there where you can't see
like my face at all and so like if I
face this way it's just bright white so
I'm facing like half and half so anyway
wonder if I minimize this while this is
lightweight and it glows this wait for
this there you go it's a lot better I
don't know I prefer looking like bright
wakes and I'm like I look like the Joker
something but anyway and hey how's it
going and I'm get my daily blog out now
I'm just organizing a cattle car could
be half faced and just doing some like
you can only see this like doing aside
like hell okay it keeps you from you
okay good a bit less t-shirt in the
world on I got a monkey bottom T sure
this is absolutely at awesome can't say
we got that from secret sauce secret
sauce of sauce but in my minus today
playing zombies all day no I'm trying
like yeah I'll do it for me I've been
playing zombies all day since i got up
at like two o'clock all i did was
criminate play zombies are played i put
like two hours of der riese i derive not
die rise not the only one they all want
a world at war and then i played on
black ops warned i played moon I played
that for about two hours and then I
played bus depo I was trying to hide
round on that but instead I've Karen
used it as a discussion thing that's
gonna be as a video coming out soon and
then I just playing twenty with randoms
and that was a lot of fun bit difficult
but I'm editing all up into a video now
trying to try and show you right now or
so good as theirs me edit in all of its
a lot of footage so that'll be upload
every day for people who would rue des
belles on business supplies so gaily
live commentary of zombies coming back a
lot of people ask for this when I get
back I'm gonna be streaming a lot and
hopefully when I'm out with Kaitlyn I'm
going to try and find out about what
internet she's gonna get our house TIFF
we can start it out i'll try and get
good internet and just live stream all
the time i'll sell out there with k
which is pretty awesome and Q&A for this
channel everyone's like where is it you
think you're going to give it was it's
going to probably hold off what I'm
thinking is because k is going to do a
question Q&A thing mono channel I'm
thinking of doing one together so that
mean Kate do a Q&A on my shell
and then we do rested on hers that sort
of thing so you like a little bit of
collaboration which would be awesome
whichever one wants to see down again so
I think that's a good idea and yeah it's
that pretty much over I think that's
pretty much everything and I want to go
watch gangster squad again on a bigger
screen TV that would be amazing i
watched it yesterday and it was too
small so I'm hopefully gonna go much it
and before I go out to the States i'm
going down to London on Monday that's
when I go into that a place with that
company someone down on one day so that
she was pretty epic and I've gotta get
all my stuff packed all my videos that i
can make made and then hopefully i'll
continue minecraft and when i'm out
there because k it's got a gaming pc if
it's good enough and i'll i'll do out
there so I've gotta pack up like loads
my equipment like my gaming stuff my
microphone my camera's my camera
standard so far take out the stage with
me everything's gonna be awesome so yeah
pretty much sums up everything I'm gonna
chill it and play some more zombies that
much I'm gonna play some more zombie-ism
until like one o'clock tomorrow and go
to bed but guys I hope you're having a
great day that just sums up quickly what
I'm doing and if I need to tell you
anything that is just don't worry i will
be putting up the girls whilst i'm away
i'm not taking a four-month off and i
would just like some really live stream
a lot i think that's something i'd
rather do and let it be nice if you live
stream like every day for two hours if I
could do that that'd be so awesome on
like an hour at least that'd be really
good because then you guys could know
when to chew and watch the stream and
stop and I could play like a whole range
of games but it just really depends on
what Kate's in and that's like so I
guess we'll see where we guys wanna
thank you for watching thanks wrong
support on this channel it's been insane
honestly showing so much love and even
on the main channel I put like any
random like around a video you guys show
so much look so thank you so much to all
the people who are like leaving comments
supporting and stuff like that and yeah
I want to know something whereabouts you
all from because this is ours look at my
demographics and it's so strange like
it's not just like mainly us or mainland
UK obviously is like mainly UK you get
you UK and then us so ever but then it's
like loads of different countries or
what I see where you are now so comment
where you're from I want to see that
right now okay and let you know I'm from
England if you didn't know that I'm a
British man that's were drink and I have
half a face yay
