brah how cool is this I'm gonna do a
poor guy yesterday I've wrapped it all
around me but hey dude yeah you're dead
to me
how's it going I've got a good whisper
because we got like a lot of fun we in
the house right now but I'm back and I'm
doing a daily vlog on my channel this is
my vlogging channel if you are new to it
then make sure you click that subscribe
button perks I'm gonna be doing them
daily vlogs I try and get them out every
day but every day this week they've been
pretty much last minute upload so that's
pretty crazy
I'm just looking I've got a dollar up
that for some reason I was third she had
this with you was that good and there's
a fuck there's a fun face of me and Kate
on a ride oh I'm falling yeah there's a
dollar fear so for me but anyway oh my
god guys I went inside Gangster Squad it
was amazing
I'm a joking it was so much fun it was
absolutely epic it was everything I
thought it's gonna be bit good well I
say that in a sense uh there wasn't
enough emma stone and it just saying she
she looked mint in the film and but
there wasn't enough emma stone in it
just saying Ryan did an amazing job
acting all that just was just epic the
guy I don't know his name but the guy
who acted it was in many backstory and
he was like one of the main characters
in this one like the main head of the
squad was just so so good I couldn't
believe it I really wanted to watch it
again I did watch on a really small
screen like a really bad cinema it was
like really bad cinema but I watched it
and I would hugely advise you go and see
it just just for my sake it's 15 so I
don't know if you can if you can all go
and watch it but if you are 15 because
like demographics is like 13 to 19 year
olds is like 80% of my audience so
definitely go and check it out it's
amazing it's so much fun
it's action-packed it's everything I
wanted from like the shooter style film
of Italy try wrapped around to make it
look awesome like you will never see me
you could hardly see me at first could
you that's awesome I feel like the
cookie vendor don't like it if you look
at the ears as eyes do it look like I'm
a monster
oh yeah the phone
no I'm just just going off on myself but
yeah I met loads of fuck loads of funds
I met four fans outside I'm gonna say
what's called Louis Josh I don't know
the other I'm tired I am actually tired
by the way I met four guys outside the
cinema which is crazy because I tweeted
out like I'm at Stockport cinemas it's
really bad law and when I came out some
guys are just there away from you like
you're a dude I was like oh and I was
with my monks we just went to the cinema
together because you know just a moment
Sunday out sort of finger that you could
see me there vlogging no it was really
really good but it was so cool to bump
into the fans I kind of felt over there
but then they went to take a photo with
a camera and we thought my mum was
failing taking the group picture but she
wasn't his phone was broken couldn't hit
the phone okay see trailer as well it
didn't work and then one of them was
like I've got a camera like a proper
camera so we're like yeah we just take
the photo and Suzy she went to take you
out in the battery went dead so we were
like fuck so I took a photo and I
tweeted it out so if you've got twitter
then your seat below that's why I always
suggest you guys get Twix ever bump into
you and we take a photo together I can
take a photo and I can even tag you it
or I can tweet out and you can see it as
well so awesome sauce but yeah if you
haven't all batteries low if you haven't
seen the new trailer guys I put in the
description here a link to see the
trailer it's so good my coughs still
wait this was a bad idea
my coughs doing pretty much full swing
unfortunately I shall wear it like a
half a heart now yeah i watch i watch
the film and i thought it was absolutely
just just top i want to watch it again
right now I should breaking stuff I
could I could definitely go and watch it
again now on a better screen back
quality because it was literally like if
I'm being honest it was like 120 inch
screen that's how big it was and I was
just like this isn't even funny and so
hopefully I'm gonna go watch it again
tomorrow and I could really big screen I
think I'm going out celebrating my
friend's birthday tomorrow so that
should be fun he's ginger and he's a is
half he's half cast so we call him Wes
Brown even though it's called Steven
start throw that out there but who's
liking my Instagram yeah
anyone got any news a lot of people are
asking about the heart and if this is
real fur I did tweet out this is in fact
real dad syndicate hair because he's
gray-haired I mean sober head he doesn't
like being called gray head but I know
this is a this isn't real guys it's this
supports anti-fur so it's like by the
fake fur to support auntie fur and it's
horse kefir so they go for people asking
but yeah it just wraps up everything I
just want to say it's been awesome I I
did a lot of zombies today I welded a
new video on the main channel it was
just a zombie fail because like now this
used to be my backup of clips I wouldn't
really upload but I'm back in the sense
of when I first started my youtube
channel I think I've always enjoyed this
more I upload what I want when I want to
my main channel I've always really done
that but then I had syndicate Center I
was like a old any like spare clips like
a fail or something to this channel but
then I was like no I want a genuine
vlogging Channel because not people want
a vlog thrown at the face every day on
the main channel so I was like you know
what I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do a turn
this into a vlogging channel to let
y'all the gameplay and I should really
turn syndicate plays into a like a
deleted scenes and deleted footage sort
of things so people can enjoy it but no
I think I'm think I'm just gonna do
something special with it a good place
don't know what but I'm gonna do it and
it's gonna be awesome
so yeah sums up my date I hope you guys
have had a good day
please comment now tell me one thing you
did today just one thing could be school
it could be you bet a pen you snapped a
pen you punched a baby in the face why
would you even do that it's wrong you
mean person of life and yeah I'm gonna
go and punch more babies in the face no
no I'm joking joking
hashtag grammar look guys my name is
basilica thank you for watching go and
watch gangster squad if you're like
gangster maybe see like gangster movies
then you'll love it if you don't like
them probably not your kind of film but
yeah if you enjoy gangster movies go and
see it the friggin main boss Mickey
Cohen was the perfect role who ever
played it did a perfect we're also great
film under Emma Stone you know if you
think I've got their mapped in skills
you wanna do a movie together then you
know you hit me up I'll bring my husky
hood and we'll rock and roll it's bad
boy and yeah it's pretty much everything
my husband city guys thanks watchin and
it failed again no again
