hey guys it's in yeah and I need to
record this video just for the simple
fact so if I don't see what I look like
at this moment in time then you know
like in the future or anything I've
always got this tool it back on just to
see how actually I am full of adrenaline
on them right now I'm just like palm top
is anything that you go on Pyun I
honestly cuz I'm just like for energy
I've just hit my high steppers on me
wrong I'm honest every wise you'll find
out in the videos on the main channel
but I'm just saying thank you to you
guys I'm gonna start the vlogs daily
again hey like I said and I know I've
been slacking it's just I've been really
busy with stuff for massy thank you oh
my god I've been going for like three
days
no like 24/7 but you know I taking
breaks and stuff a lot and it's been
good I've been at my own pace when I'm
bored I'll stop doing it do something
else you know you know it's not just
been I've only got a certain amount of
hours a day - it's like I've got a day
to do it because then you know I do this
full-time as a full-time job thanks to
you thanks to you guys you are so I
think and I just need you don't
understand that much I appreciate y'all
giving this opportunities insane and
update this shout thing that's going on
here just give you a little walk that's
like where my screen is and I swear my
computer's below it and oh wow that's my
Gears of War all of that and like the
posters will stay there but like that's
me so that's what of a PlayStation and
Xbox isn't everything all of this is
gonna change as of tomorrow night I'm
gonna do it now some fold energy I'm
just gonna take everything out of this
room everything is pretty my bedroom is
my office
they tell what is hot let me take
everything off here I'm gonna move it
all outside and then I've got something
to show I'll show you now she'll give
you sneak peek sex you all know I've got
a monitor there there's nothing wrong
about monitor
I know huh thank you to the video and
you guys three of these three 3d LCD
1080p HD obvious Oh bro key already
screens and oh my God look how big this
thing is it's 24 inch its oh yes a lot
bigger than my last one and he's just
insane and you know what this is because
of you this is thanks to you guys and
it's just like the video said they'd
like to welcome you up and they hooked
me up big style the game yourself we can
amend this stupid little desk is going
up a new desk of new gotta new every
spin this current roof this room is
gonna be my dream setup that I've always
wanted like you don't want to sound like
in the past where I've always looks at
like I said I've been I've been like wow
that is yes like so good like how the
hell might ever ever going to be a
position in life to have something like
you know I've got waiting so I I've
worked at my ass off at McDonald's for
like four years
look away don't have to work my ass off
for a year and a half about the book
because I did actually have a job that
and but bigger position now where you
know I can do my game in I can travel
the world and just make entertaining
videos for you guys it's just amazing it
really is like like when people say oh
you know money it's just like well what
am I gonna do week morning I'm 18
what am I supposed to spend my money on
I go out a night out a night out was I
supposed to cost me a thousand pounds I
don't think so I'll probably buy twenty
quid I can go out on an eye out for 20
quid Jude at night
anymore oh yeah it's just insane I'm
like holding this like a trophy and I
experiment on but look it up look at
yourself there's the camera to camera
onion
it's great there's no blind no so but uh
um but yeah this is look crazy imagine
five try selling coke on their trip to
Rancho get really really big GoPros away
so yeah I've got like some trips to go
so I'm going to Dreamhack I'm going to
nothing complains my other one it's
pretty much the same size that's 23 days
of 24 but now I've got three of them so
it's gonna go like this I want one thing
gonna look crazy cool and I can't wait
to show you guys I wanna thank you and
I'm gonna keep improving the content and
you may the call it back like on the
quantity I'm gonna increase the quantity
their quality and I don't know Oh sprig
you know I don't know I'm just too happy
at the moment boy huge thanks like
someone's watching this been doing like
this guys in crack no it's just because
I know I do is you guys play video games
as job I don't have to do it full-time
I don't sit here all days you can
clearly tell I am NOT 12000 stone and
set six pounds I do I do like whatever
like if I go and do something like I
wanna do something all their friends do
whatever but this is a passion of mine
if it's not passion in yours then we
truly don't give a shit there's a dog
don't take it by that I mean we cross
board yeah isn't that kind of thing and
but you know if you do care and you buy
this channel and everything then just
thanks for all the support
honestly like I'm gonna be stuck I'm
just going to start asking for people
you know on this channel as well this
charity is just to say thank you for you
guys and so I can put more videos out
for you guys to enjoy I don't care about
you know just the comments I'm just a
that's all it's as long as I see
positive feedback you know I'm happy and
that's everything I am gonna go I need
to go need to solve myself because this
thing is pretty huge look at it
she's like gigantic Musti thank you and
yeah awesome
