just don't why just don't even like you
know this is the best hat you've ever
seen in your life i absolutely love it
man I've where all the times look how
cool days but I'm alive and I'm feeling
so much better man like I was so worried
that my voice was gonna be ruined it i
won't get any videos done or anything
like I book what can I say you know keep
on tripping and I just been like wait
wait okay so maybe I'm not I'm not fully
fixed yet but I'm trying my best okay
I'm trying just like my flu is like
kicking its way out but my cuffs like
I'm gonna stay don't I'm going to stay
so my food staying but uh yeah madness
drug got the unboxing video up today
that was crazy i'm so glad to finally
get that out it was weird experience but
what there's a lot of confusion about
like so what was going on and I can swim
it up like really quick for you guys now
okay this company they tried to email me
didn't work because you know I didn't
see it got spammed or whatever light in
my inbox in my spam bot didn't see it so
what they did they sent me a package to
get my attention and they sent me this
package i unboxed it and it basically
attached a letter saying you know we
want to invite you down to London we
want you to help us with your audience
you know on YouTube to create like this
device that's somehow feeds you
hands-free that's what they want me to
create so I'm invited down to London to
go and do this which I'm like I got free
trip to London boo you know I'm happy to
do that they're gonna pay for me to be
up in a hotel all that jazz so it's just
a free trip down for me two for London
and I thought you know that I can blog
last time in London I go seek our see if
like JJ or anyone's down in London for
the day we can go and hang out and go up
some drinks and you don't do whatever
and I thought that was gonna be awesome
so I'm gonna go down there with them too
I think hot house studios and when I'm
gonna design this you know like ultimate
gaming snap thing which should be pretty
epic to be able to say I've been part of
it so um that's awesome but the cool
thing is this is like what I need to
stress to you guys today is something
epic is happened they were like how do
we involve your fans I was like well
what you meaning in what we want we want
to get your guy your your guys girls is
where I'm sorry don't hit me in the tits
right they want to get you guys and
girls involved and then like what's the
best way from to get him involved I was
like
just ask them you know like tweet you
out or something like that you know i
can i can ask you guys but they said
like what what what if we use their
ideas what so like what's a good reward
you guys get rewards thank me later you
guys get rewards up to 200 pound bonus
pack so you can get a device for
recording your xbox or playstation with
i think this is like so much stuff like
new loads of cool gadget stuff you guys
can get so you've gotta go over to like
the facebook page and like leave an idea
or a comment of like what they can you
know create so if you got an idea like
you can have a helicopter that that
shoots missiles the food into your mouth
sideways like you know anything like
you've got a crazy idea you can submit
so like just they said send people over
to our facebook page and they get a
chance of winning prizes so i was like
well you know they didn't actually say
in like the yet prizes straight away i
did at you know I did some sweet talking
and got you guys hooked up so I was
pretty stoked about that cuz they're
giving away loads of them as well it's
not like there's like a million comments
on one person gets the prize they're
giving away a ton of these packages and
you know you get the chance to win it so
I fight was a really cool idea so if you
want to submit an idea it can be as good
as you want it could be stupid as you
want it to be whatever go over submit it
and you never know you could actually
win one of these like swag passes
syndicate swag bags maybe they are
called frigerator swag bags but you know
what I've gotten syndicate swag bags so
it'll be a link of description to their
Facebook page go over there just black
syndicate didn't maybe did send me on a
Tuesday and yeah here's my idea and I
just leave your idea you know and that
would be absolutely awesome so I thought
that was really cool that I managed to
get that side honestly when they were
like how could how can we like encourage
you almost and I was like am I actually
gonna be able to work out like a deal
here to hook my subscribers up give them
free stuff free roof so um yeah you guys
get a chance to win free stuff I thought
that was absolutely awesome so yeah the
links will be down there and I'm gonna
be working on some videos now and all
that jazz looking forward to hearing off
this company to see when i get to go
down to London and everything not like
10 days and so I'm going seeing Caitlyn
as well and yeah everything should be
awesome so I put that if you haven't
seen the latest video of me unboxing it
I'll put as a
boo um yeah really a related video and
like a reply video down below so make
sure you check out and doom yeah that's
pretty much everything I know specific
guys I want to thank you for watching if
you haven't enjoyed this video then I am
so sorry I let you down but yeah dudes
I've hooked you up I think that's
awesome but anyway most pacifica thanks
for watching and i'm a husky damn it i
do i failed again with the unfair the
girl with lyrica i pull a face it I'm
like
