wait hey all right all right all right
what the hell what's he doing he waiting
like this he shouldn't be able to see me
because of the mirrors but look my dad
thinks I'm gonna throw something up my
bedroom window
what he doesn't know is that I'm stood
right beside by the way this is mirrored
glass so look he's way in easy way in an
anticipation to be doing something how
long are you gonna wait that dad I like
it away Tom's not coming down easy it's
spraying the water to see if I'll jump
out and get him in the meantime
you don't see the animals thing they
just get otherwise this is what this is
like he's really confused oh he's going
close to the windows - Steve conceived
it ultimate play for me here would you
be go out the back door upstairs come
all the way around steep behind his van
and jump in but the same time he has a
hosepipe
it'll probably try and scare me he has
no idea I'm here he has no idea this
light is that I'm here don't do it oh
there I was still watching your ages I
saw you spraying the floors the
destruction technique I know God is as I
like how God's big can hear this going
off and he's not flinched in the
slightest so he's continuing to eat
whereas Luna is terrified of it so she
doesn't know what to do sing my day
properly the Sun is setting
yep it's nearly four o'clock in the
afternoon well I'm so happy to be
rendering out lonely island episode 2.3
yeah also downloading previous streams
from last night kind of take a while and
by gonna take a while I mean the timer
to download them
actually just completely disappeared so
I'm not too sure what's going on right
there well this right here is the light
I usually used to ride with but my dad
as he saw last weekend before I've been
riding with him this isn't enough for
the rides we go on so my dad bought me
early Christmas present I got BAM look
at the size of this light compared to
this like this one's called a six-pack
so I want to try this tonight hopefully
gonna bland some people were some red
and luck I don't even know is that in I
guess that's in holy shit because look
at the size difference of that thing I'd
like ripped on the stairs hardest shoes
and every step I take he's like ripping
the back of my skin that doesn't exist
on the back of my foot and then I'm
gonna be pedaling he's gonna be
constantly ripping the back of my foot
this is gonna be an uncomfortable ride
today but it is pitch-black out here so
let's get on the road
and score me up with my dad I hope that
last cuz the other ones gone but Tony
your arms not falling off but that is a
retro mudguard that in it mate that is a
truth 70s actually cause it's a saver is
it is that a new thing or is it from the
70s what are you putting yours on mate I
shall be making bun jokes here I'm gonna
get piss right through that's putting
his mud guard on shit off you go on now
get this one of you on the road again
don't mind me just on the road again
trying to get my thumbnail on my vlog
yeah I'm on this ride again and it's
gonna be it's gonna be one of those like
going from really just nice and dry to
wet little puddles and big splashy mud
and shit I'm gonna come back so filthy
from this ride it is not going to be fun
but it is going to be fun because I'm
going to make it fun so much love and
I'll see you when I'm crying Johnny I'll
just avoid this bog erosion Kenny it
tastes nice and full of you know busted
on oh you've got my hey
sorry hey yep bullshit big amazing sound
how's your bike covered in it what's
worse it's wet stuff in it so it's not
really sticking but let's have a look at
the heavy right oh yeah here we see the
mountain bikers in the wild washing
their bikes getting all the boo-boo and
muck off their tires Wow
just like new look at that who needs
muck up when you can just get it to fuck
up very nice yeah tell me lad for the
record my bike can help you up a hill if
you like everything like super powered
motor you have an eco it's an assist but
it's fucking every bike put about three
times the weight of theirs but anything
about 50 miles per hour so the entire
ride home then I was slugging it like 23
24 mile per hour
the entire way so the bike was not
helping whatsoever so I was doing I was
dragging dead weight and now beat into
the pub and I'm waiting to find out
whether yeah whoo hello ladies
he knows Grave doesn't my bike cut out
after 15 mile per hour
I went late he loved it I went Layton
you you meet me too many rides too many
rides mister none electric bike
hi I'm thanks fucking abuse fuck my ass
is soaked my shoes desert look at that
you can tell them I suck starts and ends
how I only just saw about this now I
don't know Shave November and I'm
struggling yeah don't you tell you back
to me why didn't you take part in its
diet from now because I've got a better
much dustin yeah if we hit 20,000 like
ratings on this video will you please
twenty to twenty thousand I get twenty
thousand on Twitter every day right yeah
whatever mr. big shot please start
growing it from now and don't shave it
talk till December 1st December 1st for
Movember it's run cause I'll shave it
now yeah ok so is this a fresh start you
gonna grow it for the restaurant
promise promise I don't need to promise
no problem no problem oh so you're not
gonna shave at all once not not at all
until the 1st of December yeah I heard
it might have his word if he does it no
different
I'm calling you out Tom right now all of
you if my dubs if my dad's that you can
start Movember
anyway Fremont member it's all for a
good cause you don't need to have to
donate money or anything but it's to
raise awareness program he's doing it
was slow Miguel from riding no it's
keeps you warmer actually you've got to
shave it off you have to shave it all
off you have to the whole point to take
fat in Movember during November you have
to shave it all off
Tony Tony have to shave it all off and
then you have to grow it for the rest of
the month until December first well I've
no I'm two weeks ahead
any admin shit while shape November 1st
it ourselves
you literally can't even see my
moustache in between the mud spots yeah
you can see it Alice you're a legend so
I just quickly want to wish you a happy
birthday so
to you happy birthday to you happy
birthday happy birthday to you you do
not like disgusting shit give the next
ten seconds now I mean it I'm sure
you're Tory's infection all right on it
will you do Tony that's the besties
stuff someone said it looks like Lyme
disease by the way have you been to
doctors
if you end up riding as with one arm in
your life that's why I don't know if it
was Lyme disease someone just said it's
an infection you need to go to doctors
about I'm very stressed it so my
audience like let you know we'll think
your arms gonna fall look for The Fault
know it mode I'm pretty sure though that
looks worse than when I first originally
sorry okay the struggle to not make my
house absolutely filthy begins now
okie dokie John's just gonna make it to
that door and take these shoes off oh
yeah yeah not even a fucking centimeter
of dirt mate brilliant mites on garage
time I'm loving this just simply because
it's like back in the day when I was
younger
I'm gonna have that when we go ride it
actually riding non-electric legs back
in the day we used to all be like oh
I've gotta be on three o'clock for food
dad you're such a massive whip you just
whipped but now it's like dinner but
then it's like eight o'clock but I'll be
there at the pub cuz we get back Friday
likes a half 7:00 so only half an hour
I'm drinking at the pub and I'm like
well this is shit so I always end up
staying there to like nine a cocksman
he's like no you're brewing the night
you said be on by eight o'clock I don't
want to go wow this is what my dad had
to deal with not in a negative way but
it's just getting home in time for a for
a white B just now I'm just not used to
it and used to being like a little free
spirit you see me in my blog
just like doing what I want when I want
but what I liked now is I always used to
upset the wife by not being back on time
and now she's used to being late so she
now rooms 20 minutes late to everything
we do and I'm like that's just better
I appreciate I'd rather she be like I
never get mad about things like that so
I'd rather she be late to something then
maybe like something I don't feel and
it's great even though I look like shit
covered in shit and I need to wash this
shit off so all gonna do is a lift up
back open open this flap up bullshit I
don't think the seal helped at all come
on put it in there is it charging oh
he's plugged in what is this
and why laughs green light is on there
like it's charging for another rad how
much mud is actually on this bike it's
like it's not that thick mud
it's that wet mud so it just alts like
slush look at it it's luscious luscious
I think I brought half a field home with
me as well bought got Dave plays one
hell of a ride and just riding home
right now as made me think like I need
to get this extension done as much as
possible and if you're new around here
welcome to the house this is my house
I've been building I built this for like
three years this is my home I absolutely
love it but what I need to do is I'm
gonna try and see about planning
permission because this might seem a bit
weird boy
see see I like my Drive go like this and
there's a wall and there are steps top
so the road is like kind of height level
with my bedroom window so what I'm gonna
try and see if I can do is see if the
the engineering plans on this house and
the structure of it is high enough I
know you might sound crazy it's strong
enough sorry to be able to make this
house an extra story higher remember
like what the fuck give me that phone
just listen an extra story higher as
well as completely an extension of see
this garage tiny little garage on the
big house this is gonna go
this house is then gonna go from here to
the end of the garage wall
and rather than the garage being where
it is now facing the garage will come
across from the end of the garage to
here so this will be a drive-in garage
with a turntable for a class that goes
good and turns your car around so my OD
right now I have to drive through that
gate drive to here and there is no
problem at all reversing it out and take
it out no problem
I've got like spaces for like six cows
running back what the dream is is to
drive this cat in and see where that
like the house ends this wall comes all
the way out to here right so this the
house has got an extra upstairs here so
all I have to do is drive in drive round
into it and then press a button and it
turns my car around we've got the
extension punch for it and it is set and
good I just need to make a few
adjustments through plunge to make it
look a bit I'm pretty stoked to be able
to get that done you know you might be
like woo really wanna make this a story
higher now it's a three story house
already from the phone is bang bang bang
bird from the back it is
bang bang bang so it's three stories
from the back but what I wanna do
if possible I want to take it up another
story never like why I just wanted
things with me I never want to leave
this area that I live in I'd love to buy
that field right there and I'd like 100
acres of land but you're always
overlooked by other people and my
biggest downside of this house is being
out to be looked into and you might
start the problem but if I can make an
extra for upstairs and just turn the
entire upstairs into like literally one
room so see that's a bedroom that's an
office that's a bathroom and that's a
bedroom like it works the plan of the
house is fine
but what I'm thinking is if I take it up
an extra four right that can stay as a
bedroom for like guests and stuff like
that so like I've now got like a four
bedroom guest house but then the entire
top floor consists of one big bedroom
massive ensuite and a massive walk-in
wardrobe all in an extra pour and in the
future like you know I can rip down the
walls go back to a traditional white one
at one room and ensuite bathroom then I
have this big-ass fucking like bedroom
with it I just really want an ensuite
and the reason why I want an ensuite is
because like it'd be nice blue deer and
stuff like that but I'd like to see
to what extreme I could push this house
like it's already like my dream home now
so that got interrupted I want to live
here for the rest of my life I really do
and I could already do that right now
but I just I massively inspired by Grand
Designs and I just want to go above and
beyond with shit like I really do
when I see wasted space and I what's the
fucking point like I could build the
puddin fin infinitely high as high as I
want I don't have an aunt to overlook
the neighbors are not gonna object
because it has nothing to do with air
view or their vision and stuff like that
like at one stage like here this idea
out you see how my house is there this
is like literally I just need to build
this all in this woman's trust me I
built the extension the sims it look
great you have to walk from there down
these steps across the drive down those
steps to the door now the reason why the
doors there is because that's where the
original house door was on the old
building that existed here that's where
it was I'm like ok I understand why we
did that because like whatever you know
for planning or whatever but why not
bring this house from there you see
whether with the door is why not bring
it from there to here bro the thing my
house is it looked long bought it's not
that deep
see like long it's got a bit of width
but it doesn't have a lot of good so
what I could do is I could bring I'm
like oh I think I could do is bring this
house all the way to here the problem
then would be like I'd lose the garage
on the front that I'm talking about I
could maybe make a carriage at the
bottom which would be fine
but I could bring this house from where
it is forward like closer to the road
and then the bedrooms being upstairs
look down rather than being looked on
which is like you know it's like that
that thing that you bounce with I know
you might be like Tom I even this is
like a vlog of just talking about
planning houses I know there's a lot of
you guys who are stupidly creatively
talented and when I first talked about
the extension of the garage there was a
company from a funny watch this video or
a viewer watch the video sorry and they
digitally designed the extension and I
need to try and find out what that
company was called because I'm gonna
hopefully I would like to approach them
about them designing this house on the
grounds and scales and architecture that
it's got already some
maximizing this house to an even bigger
beast that it could be because he's just
the extension that they made like you
know when I talk about the carriage it
like stick it out like this like so that
would be the garage there with an
upstairs above it it just looked
beautiful and I was like so over like
overwhelm like this is incredible I
built this house would just like no
offense but my dad's an architect that
my dad knew and my entire time of
designing this house my mum was like you
need someone with flair you need some
flair for your house just make sure you
get flowers at mum no cares about Flair
calm down and this was before I like
went around traveling around LA and
stuff and then I drove around LA I saw
all these houses would like Flair oh my
god I've got so much Flair and now it's
at that point after living here for like
four years I'm like I want this house to
have some flame not flare flame so yeah
if there's any architects out there you
want to see the original designs of the
house and then work with it you know
like glass floors and shit like that no
switch glass windows but like actually
what I just like push this house to its
extremes let me know let's make some
cool shit happen and those concludes
Tom's talk about house extensions and
all this also because you know I can
even see like this kitchen right now see
how the kitchen just stops there where
the ovens are like it's like a perfect
sized kitchen and stuff but like I'd
love to do the extension then bring this
kitchen all the way through here all the
way to that wall because this would
extend further out and take up the back
path this would move a crust I wouldn't
need my bikes over here they'd be over
here so I could have this lap this
chilling area and kitchen bigger and
more wider apart cuz it's like it's nice
for like one person but like this house
has always been built a like part you
would I design the kitchen like what
would you like was like an oven and a
microwave and he was like I know what
you need seen as though you live alone a
beer keg and this is like a beer pool
genius so you know it's those little
things that when I design the house when
I was 19 19 minute
I was 19 when I designed this house and
it's like I even I even make this very
big decision of do I just say right I
love this house and I can live it for
the rest of my life what you do I could
Oh with how much stuff I now have vision
for wanting to do do I buy a new one and
build fresh even though stupidly
expensive and it'd be difficult to find
that kind of size land in this area I
love exactly relative or do I extend
this house to the maximum ability I can
and then have my dream home which I've
always had I lived here for my entire
because when I was a little kid and I
grew up in like one house apart from my
being like one year old and removed but
I grew up in one house that my dad did
all the extensions to all the bedroom
extensions like the kitchen all that
sort of stuff
and just grow up in this house in it be
my home for life and like living it
dying it pass it on to my family that
sort of stuff that's what I want to do
with this house I really do
so I think it'd be cool but to push this
house to the max movies of its
capability who knows you've invited the
fucking neighbors house and the other
neighbor's house and then extend even
more but then it comes down to the thing
is that actually a financially this my
idea this is what it all comes down to
is it worth buying a neighbor's house to
put an extension on or is it is it worth
spending this much money on architects
or an extension for this or would you
rather not just go somewhere else and
start new you know I'd rather I'd rather
continue my little love project that I
have with this house moving forward then
go somewhere else and start again
however if I could find somewhere in
this area with flatland hundred acres of
one that means that means more biking
dirt biking rallying off-roading in
jeeps in fucking like dirt Boogie's and
stuff like that like dune buggies then I
would say yes and I'd buy that
immediately and sell this house and move
to that and build a new one like I
talked about factories I'd look to buy a
factory like a room to buy a factory
with all that land and stuff like that
but that one that way around the other
day sites just known a good location I'd
have to deal with people like around it
all the time breaking into it that I
smashing windows and stuff just because
it's the location that it's not that
area but it's just people use that's why
it looks like it does now people smashed
all the windows only previously
graffiti'd everywhere and something's
like I don't want to deal with that I
almost need to move to the middle of no
and just saying pretty sure optic move
to Texas and if you want London Texas so
I don't know why should i do should I
keep my house the way it is and then
move to Texas and build a syndicate
house 2.00
should I extend this one let me know
comments down below how much more is it
cost to build a house in America
British or Texas has like tornadoes and
shit oh god I feel so good damn fresh
after that shower I love you
the thing is when you shower after bike
ride you don't actually know if you've
got all the mud off your face you think
you might do you even watch your own
legs yeah
ah shit honest to god that he was like
can you order salt and pepper chicken
and I was like yeah so out of two
portions of that but obviously two
portions salt pepper chicken does not
eat not much dude so juicing the world's
smallest bag of free prawn crackers
literally they usually give us a bag
three times the size of that I'm not
sure what happened here sweet chilli
nice and we have our dogs some free Oh
free free spring rolls what next we then
have I think that's all-time chicken no
no I know it was it you know it was you
know guess feel it first guess what it
is yes no wait actually no it might not
be right is it I don't know okay I don't
think you might have seen this before I
used to get this when I was younger and
oh my god you ready oh it's a special on
what so it's got every piece of meat in
it I'm just gonna go ahead and remove
this thank you it's got every piece of
meat in it and an omelet chicken and
prawns ooh I don't know oh my god they
finally put this on have a chicken
the right bar to my back why does that
matter because look how it steams up and
it just swells in juice hey that was my
next thought we've now got free to puede
she but look at that but is it tastes as
good as it should do out of all the toys
we bought you what's your favorite toy a
syndicate original wristband no joke
it's got a piece of metal on it so you
can hear him like dragging it around all
day but that is his favorite toy he'll
he lost it underneath Steve's of barium
he loses it everywhere but you know what
he still finds it and then plays with it
little good little little little cat use
that wait I smell food come on he's got
the fuck yes such a little cute cat
whose leg I'm just cruising around
what's all this Chinese food is here
Jurassic Park has been awesome more
importantly Jurassic world saw a drastic
world but more important and look at our
little girl oh my god we raised a good
arm dim way we raised a good and look
good lips
she's probably dribbling on the sofa as
we speak hey bye mommy bye now 6 o'clock
in the morning last night anyway so
there's no point is just like keep
waking each other each other up disrupt
change of a sleep schedule so we just
decided that no it's a bad way I do I do
feel bad because it's like I'm so used
to staying there every night but you
know it's like one of them things like
the realistic aspect of me keep waking
her up like she keeps waking me up sort
of thing and honestly for the longest
time I've just been so tired like you've
seen the bags under my eyes I'm just
like so goddamn tired yeah for this week
she's just staying at home so that's
good it's nearly midnight I'm going live
streaming I know what you're looking for
me it's right here look there it is
happy now look at him he's like yeah
reunited with like my child it's just
it's my syndicate respond that I was
wearing the other day and look he just
carries it around he knows what time it
is okay come on come on Oh your sisters
in bed in the corner come on don't stop
playing around there Steve bedtime
thank you thank you little cat night now
buddy you may have got me a turn the
lights up you might run away from me
she's still in bed oh I knew you were
gonna try and sneak no debate you didn't
know a cat baby em I need a new computer
as soon as possible holy crap render
complete four hours and 49 minutes for
an hour-and-a-half video
oh this is awesome this guy's got a
built-in a update for when people join
the stream but this is the guy yesterday
who was making amazing amazing songs for
us like one of the most amazing talented
people that I've ever met on Twitch in
my life and he put this huge thanks that
I want to came from Syndicates channel
especially to those who helped me reach
my donation goal to put my orchestral
recording we help this guy raise a
thousand dollars last night and he's
just such a talented dude I'd love to
play what he's actually playing a must
because but the Brooks I said Lake I
think I'm about to witness Noah four
five six she would watch one of my most
favorite oh I can't believe I just got
that camera look at his reaction he has
never done that before that's his first
time doing I just happen to tune in to
stream to see happen oh my god this is
maniac is an optic and he's so drunk
except in this speech look at him I love
watching these acceptance speeches I
just watched duck - disrespect and he's
absolutely drunk as fuck
super-good emotional speech but that is
so funny
time for an overnight low blood wish me
luck I'm so tired I've been tired the
entire time but I just stupidly decide
to myself thought well I was in the day
might as well stay awake screw it no
matter what I'll be fine
and now I'm like I'm exhausted I'm tired
I'm gonna go to bed but I'm probably
gonna watch The Big Bang Theory so ya
get a glass of water go to bed and try
and wait but I can't open my and try and
wait to put a reasonable time tomorrow
see how that goes
