hello that was kind of like a really
aggressive start to a video but I'm back
with my next daily vlog haven't really
got anything to interest in to report on
really up I've been really gaming
centered recently knocks up an ill but
I'm getting a lot baby can see I've got
my energy back and I think I've got like
my full energy back I'm like kind of
fixed but got really saw fro so if I
start oh that's that coughing a lot for
out this blog you know why cuz i woke up
and i just had them worse like throw
ever he's like closing upon me and stuff
and I was like coughing and flabby and
it was just horrible oh it's like cool I
just had like a full mouth full of that
but uh yeah since the vanilla I've just
been like playing call of duty I know I
should be playing like I've been playing
a bit of zombies but in all I want to be
moving on to a lot more you play with
zombies I've actually been really
wanting to try and do the Easter egg and
open to the point that everyone's up and
then try and be it but I have no idea
how to do and I've always left that to
the professionals I think I was will do
you know leave it to leave it to the
people who know what to do it with all
these these Mars codes and stuff like
bean ice to know how to read mass code I
think it's pretty easy but a bit too
complicated for me but I've been a play
modern warfare 2 like a boss I've had I
think ten nukes in within 12 and within
12 hours of sense of style a in it and
I've got to double MOOCs which is
awesome first one I've got fully
recorded by didn't live commentator and
the second when I put up today's the
video and that'll be like down in the
description now look at the par well but
I esky does not go me out this isn't a
cat thing this is a husky so it's a dog
and by the way this isn't real people
asking me if this is real it's not real
this this actually supports like not
killing animals and then when you buy
one and they donate like loads of money
to ER like charities to help the animals
sort of things so it's all for a good
cause this sort of thing so that's why I
like wearing it that's why I'm wearing
it now cause it's a sham I'm going to
kill you it's a bit now is full face
it's just that top section of the gray
fur sticks out more so you think like
you're just about to like stroke your
face against and you got the gray fur
like I'm going to dig Lou you like that
yeah like that and so you have been
playing caught mono offer to like crazy
i tried to go on my offer
three then to literally play and get
Mobe and just call it like one of the
Mobe things i'm doing like a really
weird style of editing I'm just cutting
it to every time I speak so you're
missing the kills but it's more about
the commentary because I personally find
it more entertaining to watch rather
than just wait in all the time and
changing it from like saying a six
minute video to a three minute video
because people don't watch the whole
thing so what's the point in like
leaving the full video together hey and
but I might for the most recent double
new quad I might put that together as ad
what's in my cold I might put the normal
video because a lot of people are
starting the comments for asking about
it and yeah the new people subscribe
I've got something I'm just going to
quickly talk about and that's me
personality why I'm gonna play yep it's
professional camera lighting and eat
yourself everyone's gonna mean that
because of I did a I did like a mean
thing like when I put a photo from me on
Christmas Day on facebook and i was like
me me and everyone meme didn't song was
like the wind bling they wouldn't
believe this way my face is stuck
lattice and i'm doing a face like and it
was just a really really funny photo and
that everyone beamed it and I look to my
like Facebook fan page and it was just
like hundreds and hundreds of like me
images of people made of it so that's
what the fun page is fall if people do
like you know fana or something like
that then I posted on the facebook fan
page that sort of thing I don't do
everything because there is quite a lot
of it and some of it you know like some
of its epic and some of its like not so
like good but that sounds bad cuz you
know like people could try the hardest
sort of thing for that and so I think I
should be fair and put everything on the
facebook fan page if I get round to it
and a date okay but yeah people I'm just
lead to get something off my chest of a
a lot of people like ice like silk eat
like a new zombies you're really normal
in your minecraft you really hyper and
then like when you do multiplayer you're
even like a mix of both like you know
not too crazy not to normal and what's
with that you putting it on for the
video are you faking it you try to be
someone different I'm like no this is
this is me I'm like I'm really always
like positive whole time that's how I
feel you know like when you see me
vlogging I'm really have been positive
you know you saw me when I'm ill I'm
like mm tell me when I did my big live
stream on nuketown zombies I was like
kind of normal excels concentrate when
I'm constant
training I just concentrate on doing
what I'm doing and that sort of thing
whereas like minecraft is tough i can be
created for freedom are you personality
can come out a bit more or if you know
you have a bit of fun and then you can
we don't be have fun a mess about and
that's what I like doing in them sort of
games and when it comes like multiplayer
on zombies that likes content Drake's
and no I'm doing and I try and be
smelled it and like my cut for race to
prestige I always play seriously I'm not
I don't joke around in that at all
because I've got a name and that's to
rank up as fast as I can so I
concentrate and my mind's just like just
play think all I'm thinking of is like
the map where the enemies are what to
doing that sort of thing so I've been
really enjoying Marisa prestige I just
know a lot of people are like you know
you have like so many different
personalities in your videos and it is
true but it's that's just me you know
you'll get used to that if you don't
already so I when I see like the
microphones being like why you so
serious in zombies and I see the zombie
fans like why so serious why so stupid
in Minecraft it's like this is just me
you know don't like if you don't like
that side of me don't watch some videos
it's as simple as that and then the
vlogs are just kind of like a mix the
vodka just pure meat because you can you
can only see me but I'm trying to one
gonna do soon is a modern some lighting
like professional white because where
I'm SAT like see now right you've got
this huge shadow of my head if I do this
see how you got a light on my face it
looks better on camera and you might be
like you wide wide you care about
looking better on camera but a look at
the ears but it's for when I'm when I'm
doing my videos on YouTube I like want
to be when I'm doing my gaming videos
already faced come I've wait to do it
for a while and I've got I want to get a
lighting rig setup so it's like a normal
color light cuz my screen just omit so
much white light I look like a ghost and
I know it's weird cuz doesn't matter
really what I look like but I don't like
looking like a pale ghost on my videos I
just don't like it at all and so it
doesn't help living in England not want
it to be a white ghost but I'm not
exactly gonna go and put on a fake tan
now am I hmm and so what I'm gonna do
that's why I loved when I'm out with
cakes it's just like nice and sunny I
love sunny weather and like when it's
not when it's not sorry I'm just like
bored that's why I've never live in CL
never livered see ya know if they get
right right rains like what is it ninety
percent nightly on an absentee
that's not good and last I was out there
they were like celebration of six days
with no room on the news I was like
pretty good pretty good good so if you
from see I'm so sorry for you I think
it's got the highest case of suicide CL
that's a really weird factor for about
you don't never do that anyway swiftly
moving onwards and yeah I'm gonna get a
light and Rick started out and I want to
do like these come for everything i do
because then it's just like it'd be
awesome got my camera saw i think i've
got a fine webcam to do it but um if i
need to change that that i'll change
that and get all my mama setups this is
sort of looking awesome and perfect in
coolio and that's pretty much everything
about the face cam um who's there
anything else to talk about oh the cuny
are the coup days I'm gonna do in the QA
soon boom maybe tomorrow qname one day
I'm not gonna do Q&A sunday cuz I think
JJ g put up is but like yeah I'm not
gonna start like I'm every certain like
day thing I think I'm just gonna do it
every every like milestone you know I
think that's a cool thing I was gonna do
like every you know cuz like the main
channels nearly two million one hundred
thousand subscribers so I think for 2.1
on that channel I was going to do a Q&A
but then again I'm just going to ask
ever on that channel what they want I'm
gonna do a Q&A and then ask them what
they want to do but yes I'm gonna do a
Q&A for this channel like try and ask me
something that you've not seen me answer
before or if it's like a how to recur I
don't want to be answering things like
how to record game player you know like
what's the best thing to you microphone
to use like things about me Phil nice
things about me that answer them even
though that's not really a Q&A that's me
forcing your question for me to answer
weird and this video's getting very long
so I'm gonna go now and young go and
drink more than once it max things there
the horrible so then hopefully I'll get
better but yes keep my daily vlog think
it's been going good Kate's been doing
it as well so teamwork for me in her
hopefully go and see her in a few days
and everything's gonna be awesome so
thanks for watching guys management
syndicate and Paul
