hi Paul yeah hey guys
syndicate and I'm back with another one
of my daily vlogs on syndicate central
and I'm ill I sucks I had plans to go
riding my bike today and show you guys
money moto bike and stuff like that and
just have a great day last night after I
did my vlog my buddy was like no you
couldn't start feeling ill and I was
like oh and my body just went on
shutdown so I was taking like flu
tablets feeling a bit weak I couldn't
even even finish my dinner last night
and then I was feeling more and more ill
and then I went to bed
I'd like 9 hours sleep that was good but
then I just kept waking up throughout
the night and I dream about
I suppose kinda know his dream was about
now no right ok if you know what a pilot
is a crate pallets it's that this wooden
thing that's like this thick and like
this big I had a dream right I was
literally driving one of them like a car
on the street no one was looking at me
for me and I got pulled over by a
policeman for speeding on a wooden
pallet with no wheels or anything no
seat no nothing and I got pulled over
and I lost my license cuz I was speeding
on a power and then I woke up in like a
mad like hot flush I was like oh my God
my bikes been taking off me by the
police because they crushed it and I saw
them like he just took you by the side
of road and just like kicked in because
it's Ward you know I was just like dead
upset in my dream and then I woke up and
my god if I lost my bike is this a sign
or something but yeah weird weird dream
I've had some really really weird dreams
the past couple of nights I think it's
cuz I've been ill and everything so you
don't know I'm gonna go see see you see
me jump I'm so ill I want I want to be
doing videos I proper jump cut my skin
there with my dad knows like God looks
okay but I've just been proper ill and I
want to get better and hopefully I will
do Eddie Stobart TV shows on I need to
turn myself because I hate stuff like
this I don't know I just if you guys got
any
I've been drinking orange juice I've
been taking flu tablets I've been in bed
I've been wearing loads of clothing to
just try and sweat out the cold that's
what everyone's been advising me to do
if I'm feeling better I'll try and get a
video done on the main channel I haven't
got any packages to open today pretty
good
everyone did like the idea of the PIO
box I'll try and get that sorted out and
yeah I've been wearing this pretty much
all all the time because I think it's
awesome so thank you to Caitlyn and yeah
guys I thank you for just being like
super supportive and nice I liked works
I'm like I'm ill and then chimneyswift
just said because my voice is going he
said don't worry just put a Darth Vader
helmet on and you'll seem fine that's
quite funny um but um yeah just a just a
little bit rough today guys hopefully I
will be up and running for tomorrow I
want to really show you guys my bike
everyone's been asking about it I've
been I've been tweeting about wanting
loads of videos on my bike but you know
I'm cool and cozy doing necklace like ah
but yeah dudes just thanks for the
support on this chair off mic on
syndicate central we did hit 300,000
subscribers which is like a lot of
people I hope we actually hit 300 mm but
I'm gonna be doing a Q&A video for you
guys you see nothing just fly past I
swear this house is hard you see like
little little orbs fly past like dude um
can I look at the camera now in case
anymore fly past my just before but yeah
what else was gonna say yes so I said
for 300,000 subscribers I was gonna do a
Q&A guys so hopefully tomorrow I'm
feeling alright I'll get my big camera
I'll do a video probably my bedroom I
prefer I prefer vlogging here it makes
me feel like I'm backed like old school
it's more personal basically let you in
my bedroom rather than my office and so
yeah probably I'm doing vlogging here
and yeah if you want to ask me questions
I'll be doing it on Twitter and Facebook
links are below
mainly Facebook I think so make sure you
click that Facebook one to the
description and go and give it a like
and then I'll put out the question
tomorrow of what you wanna ask me and
I'll take like some other questions and
do it that's room so guys wanna thank
you for watching and they're trying
stop this vlog with this power now she
don't think it's gonna work no it's not
good I'm gonna try it I know try and do
it anyway guys but thanks for watching
thanks well support like again I said
and it's been awesome just to see so
many people crazy thing the main channel
is just growing too fast man like I
can't I don't understand it right we hit
2 million subscribers like less than a
week ago I think we're already on 2.7 no
no not to pass of Jesus whoo
we're already on an extra 70,000 people
subscribed that's crazy
where did he come from it's a Matt is
just mad someone told me yesterday I
grew 17,000 people in one day
what what what the sauce I don't get
that it's like Oh crazy but anyway I'm
gonna go now so I'm gonna try and press
you once again so thanks watching guys I
appreciate everything and I'm gonna pull
you out goodbye Paul
