what's the button this is the new
capture thing right so mainly Callen I
told you I was gonna plug with him I'm
back to doing my like a blog like
randomly my second channel now so I'm
back with calamander good to see you
again me very good thing so mean Calvin
go back a long way if you don't know why
how many can't met each other it was
like we met get the first ever event
game did until the basis when host and
that's how we may each other than the
skin are romantic and yeah so we met
there we got like really good friends
there and then after that I went down to
London to yura game oh right yes for the
next time we met she stayed with me and
I stayed it's out so instead of spending
like what like 200 pound a night in a
hotel which was super expensive last
minute Kalin was like come and crush
your mind dude gave up his bed - let me
just crash over any ended up like
sleeping on the sofa there's so for some
of our sounds just like really
appreciate and we're just being good
mates it's really and then you known
each other like two years it's gotta be
you know me subscribe my channel
something like these guys need to like
sir yes yeah ang zuker and then while
we're all chatting on skype and stuff
are so wait you don't eat before me yeah
yeah yeah and then he was like could I
borrow your video yeah took my video and
this is most viewed video on his channel
now anyways yeah that's already but yeah
so it's just up at my neck of the woods
so not dying when were in the air Joshua
Bradley I like my local pub and I just
thought I'd do it vodkas a lot a lot
memories
I like memories with my mates so you
know just wait for Chris you dick I know
you watching this and wait we wait for
Chris to come down in we're gonna get
some food and chill out for the night
and then yeah hopefully things are gonna
be more often yeah we're gonna show you
around Sonya yeah I'm taking the piss
like my jump oh yeah right I'm gonna ask
about this
I'm wearing this which is a giraffe yeah
we were standing up giraffe that says
living live the high life right which I
really like which I pretend to run and
he's wearing
it's mama idiot far as mum mated of a
jump over it is fashionable London
London it's fashionable so you'll move
thumb that one yeah I let him wear
there's something I want to move to
London actually I really did but you
guys been stressing me because I can't
keep saying what I moved to the stage
for six months it was like no if I moved
to the states I want to be like you know
the UK didn't know meetups no yeah you
did I do look I'd love to do a meet-up
in the park in London or I just saw
after Toby tell me if I was just like oh
if you want to do a meet-up ever again
because they get crazy real quick I know
you guys are cool and chilling all that
and we call that name roads Bros brofist
the pros so everyone's like what we
gonna call ourselves I just didn't
notice I just said teach them to cook so
we're team syndicate I was a - that was
a high five really face to your face but
I'm gonna go now before anyone things
are crazy and I got text of Cowell sweet
oh come for you later but yeah hope you
guys are okay keep awesome say close to
you friends know who real friends are
this dude and yeah keep awesome guys
love you I'm eating I heard just the
cutest Merry Christmas
