that's how you start a video how's it
going guys
syndicate here and a bot came over like
why he says dad with you co home I'm
back and I've got these bad boys
checking like check me out check them
out check them out all right ready dev
edge of reckoning Gotham well I've got
my glasses for a certain something where
I've got my glasses I can't say why it's
a huge secret
can you guess up everyone guesses
straightaway but it's like super super
secret bubble glasses does the names
bond James well I'm in a film and I have
to look smart am I just like but no I
just been down hide in my local my
clothes my closest town I would like to
go to Manchester
well that thing bitch be crazy far away
unfortunately so when yeah just behind
when I got my new glasses and when I
went a company bus is I got a text this
is how good my opticians are my
petitions are absolutely amazing they
were like oh my fuck this is my house
that wasn't a thought I was like oh we
haven't filmed me with it and I mr.
Kaufman opticians in in pop it was a
missed call and really don't know why it
doesn't show you my miss calls by a
voice mail I was like well wonder who
tried running me cuz I've got a meeting
to go to today with the I gots called me
calm again which I'm super stoked about
and all of a sudden I got a text from
this unknown number saying and some one
of the shops really excited to meet you
and I was like what about you I was like
what do you mean someone just like super
excited to meet me everything last I was
like I just replied be like hello and it
was like yeah your glasses are ready so
I said yes best opticians everything
something that women I've got two pairs
you got these ones I know I've got these
ones I don't like the other ones I think
I regret picking these ones now because
I thought these ones don't look too bad
but these ones like squares yep
yeah anyway and so then I don't like
that one then the ones that probably
lose first so if I'm going doing like a
bungee jump I feel like some reason or
one of my glasses whilst bungee jumping
which is probably not saying I'll wear
them ones but oh yeah this one was like
yeah this somebody works here who's so
knows you called Alex met your mom I'm
gonna guess she was called Claire forgot
it wrong I'm sorry
nice to meet you man but yeah I met her
there and she was like I'm not I'm so
glad I could finally get to meet you
know I was like what if I don't she was
like oh my son watches your videos and I
was like yeah awesome spreading the word
at the scene you could are we good I'm
joking way see this is the thing
everyone's like what what do we call
ourselves in um I don't know cuz
everyone just comments on video saying
something train but we're not aren't
saying much because well we're not all
we are allowed to say but it's just best
not to even though I say it when I'm
live streaming but everyone was I ever
realized same team syndicate oh yeah
team syndicate I think I tweeted out the
other day see syndicate to you and I was
like no it sounds stupid but insyndicate
like that one to be good yeah everyone
comment comment now saying team
syndicate and then you know we can't say
the r-word but we can say fuck yeah like
crazy I like it I like that they're not
advertising but on yeah default I don't
bow over them and five and I follow with
her and sign something for this kit this
dude for Christmas which is absolutely
awesome so I'm super stoked I managed to
do that so I likes big shout out to you
dude and then when I got some Greg's
got a pasty pasty is right now and I'm
gonna eat that
so sushi rolls and I got gingerbread man
because you're never too old for
gingerbread man change my mother there's
a shit gingerbread man are amazing and
yeah what's up want some for the finish
is why I'm gonna go in like nom on a
gingerbread man a black super nice would
add yeah so now I think I'm free for the
day until another three hours
oh if I make this blog go two minutes
longer it's gonna be 1337 time oh I've
got to kill you guys mind if I kill it
to momen is I'll end up on now is the
time we've ended it so thanks for
watching if you're watching these videos
guys subscribe is it gonna be there wait
no yeah
subscribe right so we got killed two
minutes one more minute we've got 60
seconds to kill until it's 30 37 and yes
what time is it's 1 o'clock and yeah so
I just put our two oh my advent calendar
right so it's the 19th today we're all
wait I didn't open the r18
ha ha ha I got a teddy bear um that was
pretty eventful
I hope another 19 - ah okay I always
have the wisdom thank you oh this one
else got I got a Santa Claus like a
beast
oh no perhaps I'll show you know I don't
see what's out is so him yeah then I'm
gonna make some videos today I'm gonna
do some videos normal commentary to
talking about the perks in black ops ooh
and a bit the perk discussion I've got
live weapon discussion and stuff at
coming and you know just overall
chitchat my black ops 2 zombies and then
I think maybe Friday or Saturday maybe
and I'm gonna do a video of my my fault
and assessment of black ops 2 zombies
everything please she usually well oh
it's probably backwards look look
everyone - every clock in my house
disappointing anyway you saw it once at
least Bren
yeah so it's tennis logon 1337 bravery
guys yeah I'm gonna do break bring that
video of my final assessment of what I
think of black ops 2 zombies and in full
honesty so it's gonna be a bit argument
it's gonna be a bit of off a lot of love
and yeah I'm gonna give it full flat out
well think of it so guys keep on
watching these vlogs I I like doing this
because I'd say I've got a vlogger than
what I do something like it it's smart
on YouTube to upload that one vlog and a
sand fly and one day sometimes one day I
want to avoid like 10 vlogs a day so
when I ask questions and get response
from him because like I could tweet out
but it's not personal
see what I mean I kind of like this this
is like insta blog Oh insta blog well I
hope you enjoyed this instead of like if
you did be sure to head book the like
button I'll see you guys in my next one
baby boot
