alright so I'm gonna be going over to
what's it called back over home now so
just sorry man I'm just on the phone
just on the phone in a second so alright
thank you very much Cheers
and got KFC just decided to get it thank
you very much no sobbing see ya
wait yeah we good to go let's go dude
and so yeah we've had just been and went
and got everyone's presents so I got
like I can't say when it's because of
why isn't my family would know what the
presents were so once I've got them then
got a I'm gonna get them wrapped got on
the wrapping paper at home everything
and now I'm just gonna head back home
I don't drive so I'm gonna taxi I'm
we're hopefully soon and I'll be driving
that'd be pretty cool if you will dream
what carrawell yeah buddy got ds4 that
be quite nice if I got one of them and
so we're gonna head back over to my old
beautiful home Rama now is so those who
live local to me or a living man Chester
you might know where I am right now I
just was at the KFC Ashton moss so
there's the cinemas I would go and he go
and watch a film but look kind of sat on
my own and in a film Toinette when I see
people like that in a film like if the
cinema is watching a film by themselves
I'm like we would really want to see
this film while you're just kind of
weird and they probably do very normal
healthy people but you know that's what
I think anyway so Oh
something's been down hopefully nothing
bad to happened because it's quite close
to a motorway here but then yeah so got
my we got mileage side now if you're
wondering why I got boneless banquet
weight three crispy just chicken strips
with no bones obviously me popcorn
chicken and there a milky bar crusher
which is like the best thing ever
well I usually say is the best thing uh
this one tastes kind of water right
that's a sure what's going on there well
anyway hopefully the melt the milky
Buster for melons it's a bit nicer and
yeah I'm gonna head back home now and
it's gonna be everything it tries to out
my stream because apparently looks on
the comments in everyone's comment like
crazy saying you know what the issue is
and might be able to get it fixed today
that'd be awesome if I can get that
doing so well
yeah it's go back again I don't so yeah
speak July the bye
