ah man it feels good to just sit down
inside my office chair and just running
around all day doing nothing I haven't
really I've just been in after the video
that you will have seen before this
hopefully I'll maybe after this where I
went on a little trip to go to KFC and
then I got some KFC which was gorgeous
thing I was probably a bad idea cuz now
I feel I feel a bit sluggish it a bit
like you wonder why I look a bit weird
it's cuz I've got a Christmas tree for
me so I'm feeling like somewhat sluggish
is probably not the best light and
somewhat slow you shouldn't just like
slouch you know I just want to chill out
what you think I can do because
yesterday I was like streaming all day
yesterday I did really want to stream
some black ops 2 today but I was like
leave it we'll leave it a lot of 25 good
225 ranks in one day that was pretty
good I got no double xp off that was
really upset okay it sounds about it I
was really go so what's it like try and
do it in a day like I said but yeah so
update with my stream ins like
shenanigans I'm just gonna have to stick
with my PVR one for streaming unless I
go out and buy a whole new PVR which to
be honest don't really want to do
I've got PV I want got PBR - I've got
now get oh don't use the alcohol because
that's got some bugs on it and I know
they probably patched it by now but you
know when you buy a product you expect
it to work or when you go to down you
know you download the drivers you expect
like updated drivers and it was just
that I got really frustrated with the
products because like twice with the
elgato it failed on me and I think twice
with the the Hapag failed twice after
I'd have made the drivers but then I
spoke to like you know the what's it
called customer support on Twitter and
they will have really responsive and
helping which was just great and so yeah
that that's like a good thing when a
company can reply to like straight away
give you an answer is that if you have
to like track and order or you know you
have to put in a ticket and wait like a
day or two for a reply you know you want
things fast in life you know of why did
you spend all your time waiting around
but bought it myself Domino's I'm having
a piece I'm gonna meet these pizza and
then a pepperoni bonanza or something on
a it's - its - for Tuesday Tuesday's for
two to four Tuesdays - four - I don't
know what it's called - Tuesday's the
think that's it and there are myself
some mini pancakes with chocolate sauce
what I hope
the chocolate sauce otherwise I've got
my own and a drink and what else did I
order on cookies
Oh Domino's cookies I've added them as
well so I could really fall asleep right
now I should probably just like have an
hour's sleep but I'm thinking like fall
asleep maybe like 11 o'clock tonight
something I might watch the new Dexter
now fall asleep and then yeah I'm just
gonna play late tomorrow
you know nice and fresh and ready and
then I've got I got to be Callum calix
he's coming up to Manchester tomorrow so
I'm you know I'm gonna see I'm really
excited to go out drinking with him and
some other people which is gonna be a
really fun day you know it should be
nice and productive and it should be a
laugh so I'm just gonna like well I
gotta wake up tomorrow and hopefully I'm
nice and fresh but dad's just that
whales at whales he's in Wales right now
so and he's coming back in a minute so I
just rang his life do you want a ham and
pineapple pizza cuz I get one free and
he was like no I don't want one says
that round just oh I'll pick myself
another one that might eat so yeah it's
pretty much everything there cats looks
like there's an epileptic fit like slash
war going on there's my Christmas trees
buzzing out all right and my cat was
being our friendly before and it like
hugged me it helped me and jumped
someone machine my whole day and it's
got like loads of hair all over it so
that's completely messed up but then
yeah hopefully I'll get some more energy
me and I wish I could film a bit more
today but like whilst I was shopping
I've literally walked into the store and
they were like there's always stuff like
the I knew I wasn't straightaway they
gave me what I want straightaway and you
guys right I said I was going to comment
no I think I think I was going to
curries and you guys like no curse he's
closing down and I was like really
I'm pretty sure it's open I got there as
closed but I actually meant to say I was
going to well I think Curie's and PC
world is still open comment closed so I
think I went to PC world and that was
still open so much tea everything open
there so that's great but yeah it's just
showing how much is changing in the
business nowadays everything is going
online all advertisements online
everything's online so it's just crazy
but in yeah hope I hope there's a pizza
delivery guys and I expected a tip
because I haven't got any money I was in
there I was sat in the taxi going to
like the shops and I was like yeah I've
got money in my pocket I remember
getting cash I'm putting like I'd like
60 quid in my pocket I thought yeah fine
got money
and then I looked in my wallet and I
looked in it and I was like where's my
money going it's not there and all I had
in my wallet was 20 dollar bills I was
like you don't take dollars D and he was
like no sorry sorry and I was like don't
worry pal
so I had to ask him if he'd way outside
so it cost me like an extra five pounds
for the taxi to wait there outside well
I thought it was it worked he didn't
work out too bad because if you get a
new taxi it's like actually to pound 50
so you know instead of yeah it didn't
cost me more money well I don't know I
just covered like he was gonna travel
off dead far away get me to a cash
machine just to drop me back off so I
was like you know it's not gonna work
out smart might as well just do life and
yeah everyone I got well not everyone's
I got my dad and my mom Christmas
presents pretty much tired so I'm pretty
stoked about that and hopefully they're
like I'm gonna get my sister something
sorted and other family members and I
need to go shopping again tomorrow I
think so now I can't eat tomorrow but
after these Thursday instead yes well
Thursday's going my shopping day
otherwise it's about to get fucking busy
and I'm sorry for swearing there but
it's about to get seriously seriously
fucking busy with shops and everything
and I've really got a lot of shopping to
do this is why I had to get back from
AmeriCorps now because I've got business
to do and I've got shopping to do family
is fine and I really want to go big for
everyone's Christmas this year and stuff
so actually shared an extra week time
flies so fast hey guys if you for those
wondering why I'm doing my vlogs like I
don't like why I'm not editing together
just to have been enjoying like the
feedback to be honest I prefer doing a
lot is just so I can see feedback you
know on the video upload a video ask
questions you guys can respond straight
away and I'm you know feel bit more like
it's a wide thing almost even though
it's not live yeah pretty tied now as
you can tell I'm chilled out I might put
James Bond film on that or Dexter I
don't know but yeah guys I got ed
