this may or may not be really random but
I really wanted stood day-in-the-life
today and this new YouTube apps are
where you can record and upload like
straightaway and it stores all your
videos like super carefully for you so
like you can set them lists to upload
and yeah I'm gonna try and do it using
this app and hopefully it's pretty cool
so it's now like you're nailing that
nearly 10 am I supposed to get up at
10:30 about woke up at 9:45
it's a little bit tight so it's about
three eyes up on light streaming see my
heart attack ah look a little bit look a
little bit asian right now but um I'm
gonna get up I'm shower get some food
and then I'd you know we'll see what
we'll do later on in the day so I'm
gonna be trying to do a day in the life
as long as I stay in the house and I
stand in my Wi-Fi because it's crap
Wireless and yeah let's get this done if
you got some comments of stuff I should
do like should stream or something like
that then I will though and yes
screaming last night was awesome I'm
gonna get up now cuz I think it's just
turned 10 o'clock and yeah what else
