boom right so we at me and this thick
wait why are we so dark I even really
turn these iPhones don't make you look
great and we're stuck in traffic
we're heading to Santa Monica Pier now
oh yeah don't fall oh okay so I got a
bit of a funny case so headed now to
Santa Monica Pier we're gonna meet up
with
Jellicle look how white I look what are
you doing
um so yeah we're heading over to there
now I can't get balance we have
breakfast we had I hop and we had I'd
like chicken she had pancakes which is
great I feel sick even thinking about
but I'm so we're going it go there's a
right way yeah yeah when you start a
vlog you like I look fun it's like nope
no food no that one damn is fixed so
we're going down to Santa Monica peir
like I said we're gonna be up with team
up Jericho knows my bar gets a little
tonight at 10 p.m. night CT Martin I'm
not too sure Jericho Gold Club was
opposed it and Taylor I believe yeah
and we're gonna go the pier we're gonna
go probably playing some of them games
that you can play on a to get some cash
out and there's a shopping center a huge
cinema which I've been to yeah should be
a good trip it's gonna take us about 20
more minutes to get there we have some
fun
I wanna try find is a monkey because
there's a monkey that I gave that dollar
and it shook my hand so I wanna go and
give that dollar and shake hey son have
you seen them
have you seen their monkeys
yeah you pay a dollar it's just like
it's like really fat guy he just sits on
this chair you know and he's like that's
my monkey give him money and you give
them got the monkey money and like you
see he's got a little Christmas hat on
any pulls his hat on and off oh he makes
hundreds oh my god
there you go buy a monkey I bet he
doesn't even ball that monkey thank you
stole it wait what's under your shits at
nothing just money-making machine it's
so cute I'll try and get video there is
a video if you search syndicate but
hands money to monkey you'll find search
for that you'll find it cuz it's so cute
and like it doesn't just like take the
money and run it doesn't like run away
it like takes it and it tucks it into
its belt and then like it looks like a
stripper monkey it's just got dollars
all like around it so if you run off
with a monkey you'd be very rich and
it's not like the guys gonna chase after
you because it's really really funny
sits in a chair so you could just open
it boom but yeah don't steal bad
impressions yeah she said she met
everyone appreciate a man say sorry I
don't know if it's like I don't know if
that's videos right or is it's cuz not
my brightness is dead tack on my screen
but if we just sit this close like get
one eye in each best blog ever say I'm
from Tampa I did as well I it was very
hectic I go there and I bump into
everyone so like oh you're back I'm like
I'm back and end up talking to each
person like ten minutes and then like we
were supposed to set off here at like
1:00 p.m.
looks like 3 p.m. now so oh yeah super
fun yeah I'm done but yeah I'm gonna be
heading down there for making over video
plus we get down there to drop this one
in say hello to everyone okay yeah
pretty much sums up what we've been
doing today if any more adventures
happen which most likely well because
we've got them on we'll keep you guys
updated thanks watching and I want to
like copy your Facebook she's
disappeared like can you press them and
say class three two one
