yes right we made it and this is for me
in Caitlyn because when were in London
we spent a month together in an
apartment and it was cool looking back
on vlog so kind of doing the same again
for people to see I'm giving you my like
a little tour of the the place so it
should be pretty cool still we're in
we're here now with this lady with boobs
welcome yeah
welcoming you as soon as you get a we
did try recorded a vlog but it was on my
big camera my DSLR I think that's what's
called and yeah it was all really
blurring everything so we just we're
getting getting ready growing up food
with goldglove Jericho was a poser and
Taylor so we're going out for food with
them is a sneaky person there but you
might not think like this is it there's
a staircase and church showing you that
it's a really nice place I think this is
a sofa bed this is for like when I'm in
bad bad books or something and I guess
and I get send out goes to the Ponder's
over and I'll show you upstairs got me
quick because we're they're coming soon
bricks super high ceiling look worried
see where she is no she's like it's
super far so yeah it's a huge huge place
look like I get to use an iPhone now to
film with an accreta latest things back
whoa
I got green lasers up my nostrils whoa
no that was just two snipers after me
I trust Bachmann I don't know a light
reflection on iPhones is really funny so
this is our bed okay the size of it
king-sized but it's got one down side
and I did show this on a previous video
thank you did show this on another video
here today I think the bed's going to
snap or it has snapped even when you say
on it so that's ruined in this light
when you turn this light on the other
noise it sounds like it's gonna blow up
it kind of looks like it's gonna yeah
she would give this hotel like a 3 out
of 4 and I've got this one with me as
well yeah found it did you have a safe
flight
yeah we're doing we didn't I'm gonna do
as many many vlogs as possible really
because I just want to try and get
everything on video even digital one
here
yeah oh my god guys look coverages just
put in earrings but yeah it should be
kind of fun because um got a lot today
we go in San Francisco that should be a
fun journey I've never been well its got
like a circle and not looking Oh
Oh bah I think yeah I know it's kind of
crazy
iPhone 5 vlogs easier hopefully the
Wi-Fi the Wi-Fi speeds like want yeah
one one on one so it's not too fast but
we'll try and get these uploaded machine
was on down the road so you know we can
always just go over there and be like
just stand outside machinima with our
laptops let go to upload this video and
I've got some gameplays up what you know
washed them away but this is syndicate
central you know gonna keep up with and
vlog tune everything on so yeah I just
let you guys know I arrived here the
flight was the flight was bad and I tell
you this my monitor to watch films on
broke in front of me and oh sorry
Bigfoot in certain way and I can do a
blog on it no way so then I think you
can see me a lot I don't know and so my
my screen when I watch Tamil films broke
so I was on a flight for 11 hours we
know entertainment but luckily I fell
asleep for 11 hours so kind of feeling
tied now hence the lines and in the eyes
which pretty bad but by tomorrow I think
will be nice and refreshed and yeah
everything's gonna be kind of cool and
awesome and yeah I'm going to see what
la has to offer for us have you anything
you want to do first okay even see if
you're in the camera yes this case first
time in LA she was waiting at me for the
edit wait
she was waiting at me for the airport
she was waiting for me at the airport
and what's called like I walked out and
I was there pushing my suitcase like
where is she where she is she just sat
down in this chair like oh let's crying
like oh I wasn't nervous Eva I swear see
you so bad knows there for so long and
the biggest bad ever I don't know if
it's bigger than the burning London
Jeffrey but yeah she was sucked there
just waiting for me and how long do you
wait you for three hours
my flight landed and she wasn't she
landed an hour before me that I had an
hour to get through cost an hour later
than an hour
get free customs like an hour and a half
and they took me 30 minutes to find well
not that long well hey I did upside
three hours so she just lied and got
here earlier didn't you know cuz I look
we we planned for me because I had to
land I get to 30 and he was going into
3:30 and so it was like somewhat close
no I just wait right was esculenta
three-day wonderful yeah y'all good lead
uh yeah I had everybody looking up and
stuff just yeah she was on Twitter like
everyone help me you do countdown timers
what you know yeah cuz I buy your rating
in there like oh look you can see like
oh my gosh 20 minutes oh my gosh 10
minutes oh my gosh good game again Oh
like I disappeared for a good 40 minutes
I was like ah they found each other like
nope I'm still waiting
and I couldn't text reader because it
was like you weren't loud phone's out
loud cameras or anything like that so I
was just like how do I text I just got
my phone out and went to texture and
there's no signal there's like some
jamming going down so it's like
milk can't texture and reloaded it one
did yeah yeah what one sec went through
delighted I at least wondered well
unsaid in London like 30 minutes later
than actually had so I've got gone find
an American phone I say this every video
I'm in America found an American phone
for whilst them out in the streets
murica murica yeah like that so like
it's been it's been a good trip out air
you felt pretty quick but like screen
didn't work I set an extra really
awesome guy on the plane he was really
cool and and we were talking about that
I was like so what you do for Japanese
like I'm an airplane
um engineer so it's like well if we if
we crash then I'm sticking you nanny was
like yeah I was also in the army those
like well you definitely stand over me
like if we were on a survival island
there's a venue like lost how do you
meet these Cindy lost minecraft survival
IRL I'm there enough to trees like well
on the break the guys look at me like
you play way too many video games soon
well I always sit next like today I said
excellent no depth and old-lady point
home was your point I flew from corpus
to Dallas I was like an hour and then
Dallas to LA was like three hours did
you have any light overs was it straight
on enough but I was like kind of close
enough together but I always sit next to
like old ladies crochet
or pcs else yeah yeah PC make a cuss it
worst ice i ever cheered is my glasses
no I'm going with me I won't be able to
see I'll see the Golden Gate Bridge and
I'll just be like a boy very much sure
yeah old lady old lady crocheting
prochaine oh really
Nino there you go crocheted what do we
thought about weeding we call a weaving
well we have that I basket weave before
is that where it's like a bowl
aye sir so the bowl a circle yes circle
and then you just start doing it yeah
that's why I'm not done so wait this is
that the one where you get the - no way
that's neat isn't it what you're on
about where to get the two sticks in
like yellow chopsticks
oh right yet made we call it their dad
they weren't like weaving a basket or
anything but I was always the next to
them or sit next to people who like hit
on me and I'm like I know yeah and I'm
like and she's like yeah grab the pins
go tight on me I was like no it's call
you actually
dawn yeah some guy hit on me I'm like
well I'm not surprised you're
good-looking noob cake and then yeah so
we got yeah okay I'm actually gonna
complain about the plane journey because
oh this was the other thing you know
where you put your feet in like the
below you put your feet on the go
I had this metal post in the way and it
was like it wasn't like this then it was
like like double what that thick
I couldn't I just come at one foot in
there my other thought just crossed over
like that the entire journey because I
could have my feet uh-huh
so I liked the voice the worst C ever so
I'm actually gonna complain about you
were an American airline calling you out
1v1 m16s on bug yeah you would yeah
everyone gets that reference all of them
and but yeah so but it's so good but
yeah I'm gonna I'm actually gonna like
just complain about because it was
pretty bad and hopefully they'll do
something better for next time I'm gonna
fly I'm so tempted to go first class as
well keep really cheap and bought then
again I just felt like but necessary mod
I'm watching you know cuz I don't trust
you you're like one of gladiators about
to beat me up
don't guys she's got a very very but I'm
yeah we've got you because we're gonna
go get some food with the guys and girl
Taylor gets me Taylor another girl
there's nothing wrong oh my god
I've never seen so do I sit should we
say goodbye are you tired
yes I'm not too bad no no no I lied
I'm sorry but yeah guys we will see you
guys later and we'll keep you up-to-date
with vlogs and stuff like that okay
man it's been said okay okay do it out
to piddle us know you've never said it's
been Peter - here hey guys pillows you
know I don't good but I right we're
going goodbye
I just looks weird haha
