how's going guys you're right my name is
Cindy and this is my vlogging channel
been a while since I do a vlog oh it
seems to happen I'm like yeah where do
daily it's gonna also and then I just
don't end up doing but and I'm running
out rendering rendering out a new video
for you guys give you sneak peek look
and yeah there you go I had to tip my
phone no drop to and cover the line
there you go Boop you can't see what it
is to surprise
hopefully then see what it is and it'll
probably okay it's on this video but I
hope not someone I can't announce it and
it's a game I found out on a live stream
that look so much fun completely just
got like yeah I've got a big fingerprint
on your face now sorry
so bad you know gotta look after you and
this game was played on livestream and I
just like this game looks awesome so I
played through it and yesterday for an
hour I was like this is really really
good and I lasted quite a while but I
was like no guess that again and I'm
gonna do a series on excited to really
like the game it's a lot of fun to play
I've waited for like I think 2 hours
straight last night I got back from
watching the ricky hatton fight I'm
gonna play and I was up all night
playing and recording and I was just
commenting like a normally would it like
I think it was five o'clock in the
morning and and I didn't wake up my dad
somehow so I was like yeah I've tied my
office so you can see it's no more
on the floor anymore just my laptop like
clean office and stuff everyone keeps
asking me what my office looks like now
three months over there won't appear
under there she little I don't know that
screen I don't use and here's my
rendering computer and then yes I record
on that PC by the way and then I render
on this one and sometimes like if I
record loads of videos like I'm not
writing or play minecraft for hours
straight and record those episodes then
I will do and everyone going crazy over
microprojects everyone's thank give us
now I'll kill you and people need to
chill out about that like crazy because
I saw a top comment on a Minecraft video
that I uploaded
they were like syndicate you need to get
you need to give us minecraft project
because you're killing us but with
boredom I know you might not be enjoying
the game but think of all sounds like
holy crap dude that's so rude I play
video games because I enjoy and I make
videos because I'm having fun doing them
you know if people keep moaning to me
like if people just disrespect me about
my project dollars welcome like they're
not people I want my channel I don't
want needy people like we you must do it
if people like hey be nice if you go to
my project don't really mind ah but what
is people like demand did I do something
it's like no no no no don't be like that
that's just wrong that's just mean and
rude and nasty but this games a lot of
fun and it's not minecraft but it's
kinda like minecraft I know it sounds
weird but it really it's really an
attack my face and see what happens
nothing it's already focused on thanks
great and but yes fun game and yeah give
you a lot in there so hopefully gets a
nice response on the channel you know
the main channel so like if you do see
this vlog before this is out I'd really
appreciate any support you guys can give
it because you know if you should want
to drop out like great leave a comment
saying you saw the central vlog yeah
central sent me and yeah really
appreciate that guys because it's a lot
of fun and I hope that we'll be playing
it through a lot more I got a few
episodes recorded you know so I could
probably like pumping my every other day
over two days or something like that
well every other day is every - isn't it
something ah well you know I could pump
on your episode every now and again the
hour-long episodes like 20 minutes each
which is good for people who like long
videos a year I might look pretty tired
yeah I think a dirty yellow really tell
you it's like said I went watching Ricky
Han fight to put my face back yeah yeah
I want you to ricky hatton fight last
night and really good they lost you got
to if you didn't know as he got to ninth
round and so I was like super stoked for
him to win ik so I kind of widened to do
a comeback but I just wanted him to win
this fight but because you could tell it
meant a lot to him but unfortunately
while Steve got it got winded in with a
side blow to things kidney or some food
it was it's kidney I think I'm sure it
was his kidney and yeah he got punched
in the side and a proper winded him and
he went straight down and yeah he was
out unfortunately I was gonna win it he
was actually boxing really well but then
I think he just like swinging in a
wedding he's like swinging for jabs
who's just going down a long time and
yeah what are only week a lot of people
asking when it is I've been drinking
like one of these like every day
I've been probably I actually went to
bought six because I thought I don't one
a day and I'm just gonna get some more
and the big bowl so you can see Google
in my face and I liked have been
drinking like two or three a day so I've
just been going through more like crazy
I would drink tap water but and I know I
know you sounds so like your people
Africa all different countries you don't
have like clean water nothing like Oh
needed out of a bottle but it just
tastes nicely because I don't know every
it's Iowa or something on the local area
because my mama's house was like the
wall it's kind of like it's like
gritting you could pour it in a glass
you could see like fragments still flow
it in it yeah not nice not nice it's
also don't drink word from a tap it's
dangerous now it's cool and but yeah I
like that what books and was like really
nice water anyway so it's nice fresh
spring one natural natural mineral water
so been drinking water all week for week
I wonder if I could put you all top of
this ball this is such a bad idea if you
fall if you follow this is terrible but
this is this probably would have been a
better idea anyway and so yeah I've just
been drinking water all week apart from
like going out to the pub drinking a bit
because I'm 19 that was asking and yeah
that's kind of ruining it
going out and drinking but you know I've
got a drink of my friends mr. Foyle
which is okay for me okay and yeah you
know I've just been like still working
out and stuff like that and if you
wondering that what what I can do I'm
just been doing precipices helps that's
all so just be like I did 60 press-ups
in 60 seconds were just pretty stoked
about might not be amazing I don't think
it is amazing but it meant a lot to me
because a long time ago my dad was about
a hundred Chris that ski-doo in a minute
and I was like twelve or something and I
did it and I was like yeah I could do
what I crazy and then I didn't you know
I failed
and then my dad managed to do it and
then like the other night I was like dad
I press the screen you do in a minute
and now I'm 19 and he's like 57 so
hundred-person he doing even Babak and
he was like more than you and I was like
all right let's go and so he did his do
20 and he was not good and where's the
beach my dad beat me in any physical
activity other than this and I was like
let's do it and I was a pro promote me I
said let's go you know I drunk water all
day I was like feeling fit and
everything like that weren't to fall off
my me
I worked like crazy just had pork chops
them nice and yeah I used to do 60 f-16
58 seconds which was quite happy but I
got to I was in 55 seconds and I was on
58 and I was like my arms like wobbly
like shaking like crazy so and you know
he's a lot of fun and I just like giving
press ups because it's a little small
bit of exercise and he makes you feel
positive because I'll like lastly I
wasn't really exercising much and I felt
it's loud she like I was like sat around
just feeling like that could do anything
I just pop film on us I'm gonna watch
that and then I remembered like in
backing into exercise makes you feel
that positive and a jaqen stuff I was
like rap sweet and I've had no like no
energy drinks no crap food well crap
food maybe but you know like not too
much energy drinks because like you
that's all I drink and I was just like
wow system must be feeling so so
just like right I'm gonna do is drink
pure water so got a clean system and
yeah just natural energy and feeling
pretty positive pretty good and yes
pretty much everything so exercised
wrinkles water and do for Buddhists I'll
bring a suit keep seeing this ksi beast
competition entries and some of them
were funny it's like you know you see
like a like a like a six-year-old kid in
a school playground is like the Beast
that's good do you want actually I don't
know where before he texted it to
someone in into the competition don't
want it if I want to add let
second-place take all of the winnings
put in yes pretty much everything hope
you doing okay and yeah I'm just gonna
go and get this video because I'm stoked
and he'll see you guys later okay i'm
swatching love your faces and don't
forget to check out this thing apart but
all right bye bye
