ah outside in oh my god I still didn't
say who these things up I don't know how
but somehow during my Alexa and Sonu set
up my entire wireless internet in my
house has died
yeah I'm screwed we look at that really
festive Christmas tree oh my God look at
that oh wow it's like the 16th of
December and this tree looks like cuz
today I'm gonna try and go for a while
like a syndicate original outfit looking
good so white lion white lion actually
one thing what BAM art still eggs I'm
rocking the biggest jumper with the
biggest t-shirt and the syndicate
original hat alright time to rock and
roll this day okay so it is actually 12
o'clock in the afternoon now again not
proud of waking up like this boy I don't
know why I've just been really Unseld
you guys have seen me getting up to like
7 a.m. and still play that book I've
just been really really unsettled trying
to sleep trying everything I just I
don't know what's going on so hopefully
I'll get my shit back on track but until
then I've got a bunch of stuff that I
need to do today so let's go get some
food because most important thing of the
day is your rec fost but it's lunch time
so about it
defenders assemble man it's cold crispy
day in England today tell you that for
sure
I should possibly be going down to
Manchester tonight there's a band called
not combat foreign called mr. Wilson's
and if you form a place called Matt and
Fred's down in town if you've ever heard
of it then you'll know what I mean
but they're a really good band you
you've seen me filming before like
little cover like darude sandstorm but
with trumpets it's really really good
really fun really entertaining but dad
seen him like four or five times live
I've always seen him once bought my
dad's managed to get tickets to get the
guest list for me my sister and my two
brothers so today is gonna be day of
going down seeing that hopefully if we
all manage to make it to that but it's
gonna be day of spending time with
brother and sisters so it's the DAP the
big dad big brotherly big brother mark
big sister Alice and then a little
little bro Tom so that's going to be
Monday today so but sir let's get
organized yeah let's this is a message
to you as well if you're watching this
start your day get organized
yeah may have started late but you know
what I'm gonna continue with it
organized dad can see you I can see you
through the mirror hello I know and only
two one I know I know
hello we doing were you doing we do it
she's beautiful in shit so you just love
this mirrored glass like if you just pay
attention to the reflection you can't
really see it but then if you focus
she's right there
oh there's God's me oh oh my god was in
that Bank for half an hour I'm now truly
honestly expecting a parking ticket on
my car parking ticket where is it should
be there I should totally have a parking
ticket right now
oh they usually do it digital don't they
I'm hoping it happened why filled the
bank on the corner of a street with no
parking I was back here you know
wheel clumping in operation for it could
to remove but you can fit a wheel clamp
around that good on you he says before
checking his other ties for we are
clumped no we're good we're good I
really took a hella long amount of time
honestly I was in there that long that
people were ringing me like he's still
in the bank like it was almost like the
bank could have been held up for that
amount of time that I was in there but
it is now time to get on with it
I'm down to your own account time to get
on with my day I've now got to go and
pick up lunch for every choice
Juwan my mom my dad myself drop that
food off me or my dad put my Christmas
lights up and then continue with
whatever let's do it oh my goodness
right so there's the stables where we
went and at the other night you know
before I went out in the defendant
when it started snowing well I just got
fetus woman she was are we watching well
give you Fenian and I brilliant and all
that but she said that she's got a farm
three and a half acres of land I've got
a contact number so hopefully I'm good
people I've rode it in this and if I can
see what the line looks like if it's
good enough try and convince them to let
me set up a quad track and do it bike
track on their land it could be the
dream come true three now I think it's
not too much long but it could be just
the right amount anyway time to get 40
for the family this is Sonia she's just
an absolute savage you just think to
piss out me at all if our and I take the
piss out of her but it's absolutely
rammed in there so let's begin
what we're gonna get Christmas a
surprise I didn't have to make a
sandwich like a professional
Jack and I could ever get a job here
would you hire me hey weld oh my god by
the way you know the stables the stables
do lunch lunch time menus so why so guys
don't forget you've got up until the
nineteen if you want to get some cynic
originals back swag maybe it's sir you
know the s hoodie the S shirt the
syndicate hat if you want to get some
get it in time for Christmas by the 19th
because the more orders that we get the
more stressed Alice becomes look at that
face look at that face
I'll show some face so it's a place as a
stress face this stress face keep it
going increase it dad you've got a fall
off the edges buddy cliff here by the
way if you don't know this is like a
six-foot drop down here the honey's
mighty close kin well played keep my
food put my lights up my kid is already
here prepared we're going to clip all
lights on the logo to talk to you look
at this look a beautiful really great
safety first
yes father run Tom I'm trying to be like
Rosie Jim hey father and Tom father and
Tom putting up lights on the big
old house father and I should really
stop singing and horrible either so he
doesn't fall and die so yeah I'm gonna
go now that's also true
Oh care of you if you fed the reindeer
you fed him okay good hopefully you'll
survive over there all right like that
all these Christmas care posters all all
the mass amount I already signed have
already all been given there's been so
many orders that they've all already
done so just sounded absolutely maslow
against if you guys are something before
the 19th you will get hopefully
hopefully you're definitely one of these
but hopefully a sign went off me so you
get a nice little Christmas card sign
for me so Merry Christmas I hope you get
one get your artists announced
individual calm link in description
there you go Tony likes dine a melon
eggs
my wife is back my wife they're nice so
he dad's amazing communication skills
and directions skills and map skills and
google map skills we only got here like
an hour later
now they're 23 minutes right Tony right
over there to a tree we weren't shot and
fireworks now let's see if we get some
fucking big bangers easygeeze how do
likes very appreciate good to me yeah
drive safe
let's go that's a lot of fireworks like
a serious amount of fire it's grounds
for divorce wow so many different types
Lucifer el Diablo Mars that nukes of
Hazard that's a good name
lush Bank ID yes Oh God
blitzkrieg champagne fizz Triple Crown
jellybeans oh that one looks like one of
those disco things you put inside a
house on you know like on the ceiling
Lotus will fountain I think I might just
come back here and just get some to play
around with
don't play with fireworks it's not not
big and not clever but oh my god I want
to play with that oh my lord
do you think New Year's Eve is gonna
happen enough of a boom me how long is
this gonna realize hello you
how long is this gonna last non-stop
look at the size these Rockets we're
about to invade a country New Year's Eve
is gonna be absolutely mental I the John
fireworks absolutely hooked us up we
went in there bought a bunch and they
just hooked his open star they're like
mate this is going on a YouTube video it
needs to look even better so you know
what a massive shout out to those for
hooking us up for sponsoring massive
help for those for sponsoring my New
Year's Eve to be fucking six chips
so okay you want to see if you want to
see what they look like you will be able
to truly judge what they're like New
Year's Eve so Charlton fireworks no
pressure we've got that many fireworks
that rather than carrying them down the
road to where we parked I brought the
defender outside the firework shop yes
the entire squad bringing out the
fireworks yes
in they go yo let's just yeah let's just
hope like no one throws a cigarette out
of the window at lunch at the back of
our car game over I said this earlier
today and yesterday like you can't
believe how much handy this bland Rovers
coming just because going to this kit
doing this moving things around
transporting things how do i holy I'm
done any of this without with my TT the
defendant sir thank you very much for
hooking us up I doesn't even know I'm
talking to him quick dodge thank you
very much focus on fireworks a man I'm
happy that we've got so many fireworks
it all depends on New Year's Eve if they
hold up to it last year last year they
were nuts and we didn't spend as much
money as we did last year this year
we've gone bigger and better and then
he's hooked up even more so this New
Year's Eve on New Year's Day when the
flog goes live we're gonna probably blow
up the neighborhood so once again thank
you very much appreciate it which is the
roll so do we think we've gotten a
fireworks Tony do you see me
oh yeah some some houses oh my god yeah
we went out in style
oh yeah we're back tony was a our DJ the
entire way home and oh my god it was
amazing we were listening to some
smoochy tracks so there's the problem
there's too many fireworks we can't get
out we did good the house now officially
looks Christmasy perfect it's almost
like a snow house
it looks so white it looks so beautiful
like it's not too over-the-top not too
crazy not too tacky just look just just
right hey my friend come here leave it
well organize it later look how many
fireworks we got come come come come
come come come come come come come
Rockies come come what would you think
of the defender by the way okay
army boy come on out man look at all the
explosives hell no introducing me a
little bit expect you just want food
don't you look he knows he's not yeah
you don't foggy comedies know what I
told you this is not an animal you don't
feed this you played it
this guy's not feed me I'm fat look at
the other one two responses this
category freaking out fly fly denden
mothertrucker right I'm cleaned just
ignore the fact that my stock is doing
this strange thing right now it's like
six o'clock in UK right now my vlogs
line so I first there's log being like
we're probably ridiculously late sorry
about that worked on it main and it went
down all day so I couldn't do anything
so that's all right nonetheless I'm
feeling fresh for Billy shut I was gonna
jump in the shower I was like now suck
that but I got my coat got my shoes
got my socks I don't know why I forget
my socks I don't know and now we're
literally just waiting for at least
and as soon as Alice gets here says
she's ready to go we'll go L will go on
to Manchester to go and see mr. Olson's
sorry it's cold also
I didn't get a haircut so I look like
Sonic the Hedgehog our favorite guy in
it he's an absolute favorite guy Jack
with this absolute legend he won the
poster that I drew my granddad on
absolutely absolutely
Wow apparently if you're watching this
right now my hair just looks so long it
looks so long it touches the ground my
hair just look so bright they were going
come come oh we're back again here a
firm old wine will here for alcohol and
then we'll have a good time
hella didn't know he was an ice ring up
there I came here last week I didn't
even know that was there what the fuck
oh yes traditional mulled wine tequila
sounds tasty Georgian Shelley's piss up
shed woman I think it's usually when I
come down to this like Chris's market I
used to bump into an old school friend
I've not seen in like years and every
year without fail is happened but this
year it hasn't so maybe maybe tonight's
a night
welcome to the milk and just look like
it said milk welcome let's eat let's eat
and drink and be merry Christmas food
done properly right let's do a ticklish
this time and do it properly bratwurst
you guys didn't see this in the blog
where I came down here last time with my
friends bought see this line of people
going all the way down there waiting for
this what it is it's a Yorkshire pudding
with like a Christmas dinner inside a
Yorkshire pudding but apparently is that
good that people like my best friend
Chris queued up 35 minutes got my first
cast my first 30 cute food
35 minutes before we got here with his
wife to eat there hey I wait 35 minutes
and no outside calling us to be anywhere
I'll take a sausage off a girl often man
with a hat any day
I'm not too sure why the plane like the
Jackson music at Christmas event but
sure this is a nice little cherry tree
so Wishing Tree
I just give a shit on and the one I like
to give a shout-out to actually turning
over it's a sign it knows I'm talking
about it it says it says to Linda Linda
Linda listen and then to listen if every
single tag on this tree is one pound but
if I read them does that mean it won't
come true like you've ever dreaming it's
a little mantra
like why would you read thou
this one just says Merry Christmas and
love you all from my kids
okay go Christmas Wish baby sister
you're on a baby baby what dinosaur I
didn't hear what she said she's hi it's
just as plain ass basic bubble ha got
sparkles on it yeah everything's ok you
keep doing your thing basic bitch
watches we're talking about yet not to
you rock paper scissors
loser has to wear one of these you have
to take off the hat come into this club
Cartman lost the bets read our story
walk outside right now
you would just say to the way down where
does it all go
I never see anyone wearing it hoodie
haha they're like okay oh you're an
hours on the train on the way down
Alice was like we've you know we should
we shipped we shift so much like
syndicate regional mergers shit we sell
it like everywhere all around the world
but Alice says she never sees anyone
anyone where I do I love its people all
the time and then we just walk into a
bar
Karen walks bust rocket insignia order
simply cannot turn around showing that
great reason great
razor backpack as well they absolutely
going game but it's you guys in the
world I'm loving all right we're hoping
oh they don't pull advertisement the
hell it's projected get out of it I am
absolutely freezing happy wearing the
Hat by the way but walking into the club
I thought maybe should wear it well this
is man friends really good spot oh my
god is fun like amazing food please do
not stand on the furniture noted and
welcome to the world small as far over
Alice noticed there wasn't wearing her
hat she made me put it back on
I look like this yeah hello my name's
indica that's a really good pizza oh my
god that's good that's really good oh
good music and massages up your own
father
number nine o'clock nine o'clock the
blog with line I'm sorry sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry I hate p.m. shit happens and
barge eyes
nice to know you guys all watch the
blocks thanks darling we walked in it
and there was maybe 10 people in the
building one hour later
what yeah this place got busy real quick
now this button is so good you guys
about to get your mind blown up like I
said I've already filled with funding
folks I've already been to one of their
shows and it's amazing but if you've
never heard of them like you're gonna be
very very impressed the audio on this
map is terrible but this button
incredible
it begins marks
no there's usually four five members now
there's like right now we're just havin
a sound engineer and the sound engineer
over here is trying he will do it and it
will be a beautiful night inside okay
until then we will wait and wait
just love it it's such a good vibe
night
that i know alice is a woman and she's
beautiful and I'm a man and I'm ugly
me
well gansan you have to decide me or
Alex you have to be okay if I have to
pay it's gonna be one more than they a
knobby
on the wall on the wall house is even
more everyone
I stole upon doctor disrespect no my dad
I love it I know me too daddy
we get the queries that are my godly
father good oh my god no oh my god no oh
my god no I'm just like
hi Johnny my name is Tom nice to meet
you i'm making up you stop play my
sister to me those to me always
I
this is why I come to this place this is
why I
I don't
I'm not taking a bow I'm filming a video
do you need a drink
legends legends caldron but that's
reaction well then man of the hour the
man of the hour this you guys you guys
are killing it
it's die with just my dad and me that's
my daddy beat me before little on my
system
you nailed it oh it's really good
and the Bundys for Larry
Oh
drink between some genius
amazing
you know this guy the drums is just no
you're fucking nuts hey these guys get
back like literally even it even if it's
seconds
these guys get cups and written songs
the guy the drums is enormous stop
fucking
so don't just go on the stage
I can't say in life everyone was really
good but like most the performers had a
break in between the people who didn't
have like the drummer it's like non-stop
non-stop never got one second to stop
playing drums he was always playing how
he's even still standing right now I
have no idea if I was him I literally
might be freezing cold out here right
now but oh my God he's so nice it was so
hot inside there I am kind of hoping
that what is my dad doing fighting the
bouncers nope that's not a fight my dad
I guess my that's poking the bounces
okay okay Tom gum gum gum gum gum gum
gum gum gum gum gum gum gum gum
sugarless gum down Tony
okay I'm hoping my phone continues to
work because I'm actually using right
now as we speak
a Mophie charging battery case for an
iPhone 7 plus and the reason why I'm
kind of whispering isn't I'm not sure it
would is Lydia the wife if he's upstairs
in bed or not her car's outside but she
told me she wasn't staying here tonight
just cuz I was like out with my family
so she was gonna stay at home but let me
just show you something we were
struggling with the Christmas tree and
the Christmas lights because they were
terrible like they were not that we did
a terrible job but the lights just
weren't amazing but Lydia saw how much
stress the Christmas tree decorations
and lights were causing us so she went
out she bought decorations I actually
feel like can I cry no just because I I
love her so much I yes I've been
drinking but more importantly I've just
noticed that she's used my Christmas
star I've always had in my house on the
top of the tree but she's decorated the
tree
hey looks amazing she's decorate the
entire tree it looks absolutely
incredible and I just couldn't move
anymore
I really couldn't I love it to pieces I
really do she's amazing she's way too
good for me
everyone's like you're punching I'm like
yeah no we're winning boys we're winning
but like do you went out of a way
getting up at 7 o'clock in the morning
finishing at 5 o'clock at night being a
teacher dealing with kids all day she's
gone out of a way I have to finish him
work to come and create something as
beautiful as this like are you kidding
me like how how do you have the time and
energy different Christmas tree take two
that's two by the way not 11 everyone on
Twitter when I posted that was like you
made a loving Christmas trees no we
tried it the first time we were like the
lights were shared everything was shit
whatever but look at that that feels
like a real Christmas tree I hope she's
upstairs but the same time like I hope
she's upset if it's like 2 o'clock in
the morning now and I don't think she
was staying here I think she might be
and I really don't know but I'm gonna
end the vlog here on the no.of I hope
this battery doesn't die right now I
love you guys I love Lydia so much it's
been stressful because I've been back
and we haven't spent a lot of time with
each other because I've been busy with
like catching up on life cuz I've been
in America for the first December so you
usually put your Christmas tree in
England I like the first of December
something on the first week but I was
away for that first week I never got the
time like she you're doing good you're
doing good
Oliver I want to cuddle her I'm gonna go
to bed I'm sorry for being really stuck
here on you guys but guess what shit
happens and I guess it's only a matter
of time before the cat's even pull this
down anyway so yep
leave your comment down below how long
will it take before the cat's destroy
the tree Christmas tree take three will
be coming soon but thank you very much
for watching today's what guys make sure
you leave a like rating subscribe ding
dong that notification bell right next
to the subscribe button if you're
literally watching this video and it
said subscribe
you need to click it so it says
subscribed I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for the next day I blog until
then much love and have a very Merry
Christmas even if you don't support it
even if you literally don't follow
Christmas at all
I hope this tree fills you with a
festive spirit so until then much love
I'll see you guys tomorrow
I saw D trios
