yeah this is a I think it's a sombrero
oh no you can't see my hair and why am i
wearing a sombrero you may ask because I
won the award for best looking hat
mm no maybe I didn't I didn't win that
award I take that back I don't want that
so yeah hey guys how's it going
um that's kind of like a celebration
that I've got the hat on as well because
we've hit 200,000 people I just wanna
like I want to do the vlog from down
here so you can only see this momentum
of face creep you like and yeah we hit
200,000 subscribers on the channel yeah
America even though embraced Britain
yeah trying to count yeah well this is
Mexican in it make ol gay so yeah we hit
200,000 subscribers on here which is
pretty cool and do you want to start
getting back to like the every like
25,000 on my main channel as well just
doing something special because I hit
like a million and I supposed to add a
plan I was gonna go then do something
and which is gonna be super super cool
and it got delayed and then it like
never because he got to lady I never
pick back up on it but hopefully I will
do and so I've still gotta do like my
big huge sanction million but now I'm
closer like 1.5 which is nuts and they
still like 3,000 people who subscribe a
day I wish I could just like talk to
every single person a day but I know
it's difficult because like not everyone
sits at a YouTube channel and stuff or
Apple
yeah 1.4 million people is crazy but
what forget about them well actually
that's rude if I say forget about 1.4
million people that's rude on a large
scale let's say hello to 200,000 anyway
on this channel and yeah hello and thank
you for subscribing if you have done and
if you haven't take it if my fingers
right above the subscribe button there's
an epic win
see over there all that oh no you could
know you could see my hair without
gel in it yeah I usually don't show my
hair at all when it's not without it
means spikes a party usually put a hood
up because I'll show you now if you know
it's ugly I got like a mohawk cut at the
moment so like the shots like nice and
nice and shot but
besides nice and shiny I think I said
the shorts nice and short but like the
top of it is like it looks crazy this
looks like a bed head just like just
popped on the head so on the sides it's
Deadshot and the back is that super long
as well but as a mohawk it does look
pretty good but it's just he's just so
crazy long for I've got such a small
head so it just it looks ridiculous so
hence the hence this message and it
should to finally just 200,000
subscriber celebration video so I just
just let fall my hair so it sits in like
a spike took my neck cuz I usually do
this like if I leave it it looks like
that looks pretty weird cuz I've got a
mohawk and not more I've got that I've
got Catholic so it looks like I'm a big
circle of hair missing but and yeah so
hit 2,000 subscribers announcement time
I love you all to bits thank you for
every single person who just does but
one thing I ask in return I mean each
videos you know just to like the video
and thank you for that because doesn't
crush or anything to watch this video
there may be an ad but I have to watch
ads on YouTube - so what you gonna do
I probably watch more videos than you
guys cuz I spent all the time on YouTube
but I was that challenge I watch more
than you you mad yeah you see these
thumbs these these are analog thumbs
bashing the buttons put in yeah I'm
going to America in it's now half 1:00
in the morning in 8 hours I've gotta be
o and ready to go to the States
my bags not packed my stuff's not ready
my videos haven't rendered and my videos
added load uploaded but you've gotta
enjoy life and live the high life what
the fuck
welcome yeah none of my videos are like
all uploaded yet and there's no
minecraft project I know what people
like gonna flip about this for there's a
really cool adventure map but I'm doing
and I'm not I wouldn't know gloat and be
like oh go and check it out if it wasn't
good it's really really good I've
enjoyed playing through it so much so
make sure you check that out I'm gonna
be uploading episodes maybe daily I want
to sure I've gotta check on many videos
of God because I have to pre-record
everything I'd love to make it on the go
but the laptop I you know use isn't too
powerful enough to actually render the
videos and record the gameplay at the
same time so that kind of sucked the
next thing is that you know I can't
upload a master Mac with Kate because
Kate doesn't have good in and out in the
stage which sucks cuz she lives in Texas
so not all text is internet stuff but
you know okay Kate Internet silk so that
sucks but oh yeah I'm going out to
States guys for ten days going over to
LA for three I'm gonna be on a machinima
livestream out there but what I am gonna
do is I'm gonna take my minecraft
project world and a hard drive and
hopefully if I go over to machinima are
just a live stream from machinima of me
playing it so cool so good so good if it
does then that's brilliant because I'm
hopefully gonna do a set a live stream
safe machinima as soon as I get to
America I'm gonna plan a live stream do
a video an outside the micro project
yeah I'm gonna livestream me playing
minecraft a machinima so if that sounds
awesome let me know
Micra project live you know we can
announce it it's gonna be like pretty
epic and then when I get back from the
States on night the 20 the 24 I'll be
jet-lagged so that day I probably will
be able to do anything the next day
after that will be the 25th and I'm free
if I'm not jet-lagged I'll be making
videos a probably wonderful livestream
something like that but then in the 26
I'm going down to London yeah I'm going
down to London with I think watch a so
fingers crossed because I don't I don't
know how I'm gonna be if I'm a super jet
like been a mile be able to do it but
going down to London with the Hoff
YouTube so going down there doing some
stuff down there with machinima with him
and then coming back like the day after
and they were gonna go back the day
after I can chill out I'm gonna chill
out for the entire month I'm gonna get
my new house help with like fridge food
everything like I'm gonna stay up there
for an entire month and like the reason
why I don't live in it now is because
I'm knocking it down and I'm like
designing my own house pretty much just
like my dream it's always been my dream
to do it I always used to watch like
designing programs no good at designing
them but I've always design my own so
I've got a room for the house where I'm
gonna put like a computer Xbox Internet
I'm just gonna like ultimately gaming
out for a month and I know there's a
huge amount of microphones on my channel
at the moment but there's a game called
ecology you know that comes out every
year and the zombies and obvious doesn't
come out every year I love zombies and
it's what made my channel what it is now
and I'm so looking forward to just get
back into the swing of things of zombies
and I played it a lot when I first died
up and I've been playing it a lot
recently now I just finished a zombies
challenge where I was playing I wonder
if I touch the screen well when I was
playing and with maple master really
cool he's a zombie player and it's
playing with him and it's epic we've got
so much awesomeness to show you guys and
I can't wait to get uploaded it the
first episode goes live tomorrow
nine o'clock and then another episode
daily at nine o'clock and whilst I'm
gonna be away and the race of prestige
is gonna like I'm kind of thinking of
pausing it for ten days every series to
do for ten days so like there's nothing
out until like I get back and then will
become ten there is why I want to do
that is like take a ten day break all I
do minecraft adventure map and zombies
just to see how the channel goes you
know when everyone likes just two videos
a day because I feel like I'm just
spamming because like people said they
want skerin they want sims and stuff I
just but I think I'm gonna keep the sims
on my main channel and i'm gonna move
Skyrim off to my my second channel
syndicate plays if you haven't subscribe
to that look again the link here but in
yeah so I'm pretty stoked for it you
know like I'm just looking forward to
the new zombies and I'm gonna post a lot
of content on this and I don't know a
lot of people like we hate ecology but I
love zombies it's my channel you know
I'm going to upload whatever I want glow
to it so if you do enjoy zombies then
that's great you can all of the footage
I'm gonna be putting up all throughout
November I will be playing Minecraft but
I'm probably gonna prefer some zombies a
lot more like playing it non-stop all
the time I don't want to kill it for
myself though so I might you know take
breaks but I don't really want to miss
anything in the breaks I can play
Minecraft all livestream minecraft so
yeah but he's gonna be a lot of zone
before he's uploaded I don't want it
like scare you away from the channel if
you don't like zombies just kind of like
deal with the month of next month you
know it might be a bit harsh but yeah
hopefully you'll enjoy it and yeah
hopefully I can do a lot of open lobbies
with you guys and livestream it I think
that'd be pretty cool I did the live
stream where I did I played the the new
did the nuke live stream and I got a
total of three nukes in four hours so I
wasn't like anything amazing like I
didn't plan to do anything amazing just
wise to play ecology really and I try
and get some nukes I got three I nearly
got a double I was pretty cool I got
trolled so owned and other than that
yeah just I really enjoying playing
games at the moment I'm traveling for
ten days so I won't be out to play games
then I get back off more of an urge to
play games and then once that's done
I'll be ready for next month where next
month is gonna be the month of gaming
for me like crazy I don't think I'm come
on my house and I'll just like the
sunlight will burn me black no anyway
guys I got two shoobs is 99 minutes long
I'm gonna finish on over like over nine
minutes like all the guys make sure you
comment that I am so I'm gonna get 9
minutes in one second but yeah if you
did enjoy this video guys and still here
watching this please be sure
like the video that's all I ask in
return for uploading all these videos
for your faces to enjoy I love you to
bits
thanks for everything make sure you
subscribe to channel and I'll see you
guys later adios
