oh what a beautiful morning hello mr.
Gatsby my friend the rest change already
royal sure big ass ah ah what overnight
all the snows disappeared what Olivia
didn't wake me up to take her to school
I did have to go and do like a rescue
mission with all the family and stuff on
that Alice steak tonight and she's
really drove home already the snows all
completely melted
there's no ice whatsoever means I don't
get to save people with my defender
don't worry citizens it'll hopefully
snow again soon sorry today's long wait
this is a 12 o'clock star just because
Lydia did wake up at 7 o'clock and I was
like here just not feeling that wake up
time just what wasn't wasn't job you
movie too well but she did text me
saying
yesterday's vlog we tried doing a
Christmas tree as you can see not exact
not exactly too festive so we need to
work on that but what Lydia wants to do
is because she wanted the real tree I
don't normally train him I wasn't wanted
real or fake or whatever which kind of
tree but Lydia said why don't I pop the
other tree that we have in here I
decorate this one and she'll decorate
that one and go buy new decorations for
it and stuff so we're basically going to
have a tree off that's the pitch I think
that's the name of it and so I'm gonna
have to go out and get some decorations
more importantly I need to start getting
Christmas presents eight for ten days
till Christmas if that I haven't bought
one person one gift for Christmas I need
some ideas she's so fast escaping me but
yeah you really not meat so you did see
in yesterday's board I received a Sonos
but it just happened to be Darren's
birthday as well so it was like I could
just keep the solo so herself
oh because it is a dope gift I'll give
him for his birthday birthday so I need
to replace that so knows that I now
don't have so I think I'm gonna go pick
one of those up today and
I think I'm supposed to go and get my
sister a mortgage Bob Hayes is if that's
all that remains that life-threatening
journey I took down there yesterday all
just results in nothingness the
statement is you want me to go to the
tip now that I've got a vehicle capable
that you want me to go to the tip
already oh yeah I guess we got wasted
it's a cardboard
did you give Lydia's sister that have a
box you're okay doubt it look at me yes
where's the snow gone what are you even
serious as if it's all this was the road
people was that's where the guy nearly
crashed yesterday it's dawn completely
gone wait we packed up his order now
yeah Johnny McRoberts guess what it's
game one tiger
all right you know it's game breathing I
really don't know why we get where your
interests of course where's he's back
bring in look hey y'all right you
getting one you're looking I just walked
in at your order being inside out so I
was to go take care of that I need to
get some food I accidentally brought up
the option of five guys to the ladies
and apparently their food she's never
had five guys oh shit
some ladies like five guys that's all I
could say yo a big shout out to Tony
yeah Tony
of course I remember it yeah I told over
you at least you remember I got them dry
sandwiches at breviary all that the girl
who works there's ordered some stuff all
right
I only usually wear that one wristband a
day but cuz Tony is awesome
yeah sorry where is it where's the bag
right get make sure you get back and she
wants a signed poster so her Oh Tony yes
truly getting our money to go fuck this
camera so as you can tell we ship a lot
of stuff
some lovely film is once already today
today with the black and lovely Royal
and there and then oh yeah alright so I
just just go to Stalybridge then hey men
the whole point of me getting this Land
Rover Defender was to offroad and have
fun I'm a I'm a big man oh no gonna be
done you got this is Camry this is karma
for in yesterday's vlog me going oh you
go show don't do anything for the
company or guess well I guess I am doing
now so yeah I'm useful
oh alright so it turns out my defender
more importantly so it's just under six
six this won't hit like a barrier and
this top peek warned but what don't
doesn't clusters pilot six six is that
right there didn't do my roof a little
bit but I just went under a barrier and
clip the top of it so my Ariel good
possible wouldn't be surprised but you
know what we made it through it's fine I
thought I literally took like the top
might defend off them but we're good
nearly filled this entire skip but oh my
god as a kid when I used to look in the
appliance section oh my gosh he's just
like that looks like a gaming headset
almost down there black and deckers but
there's just so much don't run these
stuff that's just shit and broken but as
a keyboard and stuff like man as a kid I
always just wanted to take it out cuz I
love taking things apart and seeing what
was in it was that high fibers there's a
bully Dyson Hoover over there you could
salvage paths from that why would he
throw such good stuff away jealous
hadn't we're doing this for anyone
around the world is a tip I'm sure you
probably have them like a landfill cycle
here in England we try and organize it
as much as possible so that one for
example small appliances cardboard wood
timber non-recyclables tin cans known
ways know where it's just
it's the thermal one but just give you
more space at the room to empty it this
is where I used to come up with my dad
builder it finished doing some work on
his houses bring the materials here
throw them away sort of thing recycle
you gotta help the country you know it's
like everyone's so easy did you put
everything in one big waste bin if we
organize it ourselves it helps one stuff
though I don't know it still more than
happy to help out all right so now the
problem is I am probably going on top
but on the way out I'm probably gonna
clean it again so it can be tactically
the way I go if I see this like a little
bit more of a raised section they're
gonna sneak through it but you're gonna
hear a ding and I'm actually set my
phone up so you can hear it go yeah I
need an aerial replacement you'll know
why all right turn this music down I'm
trying to get it out of there quick
before anyone like follows me through
and watches me do it for its time are
you ready to hit are you ready to hear
it it's going off I feel so bad my
antenna you ready ready for that Clank
did it fall off did it fall off I was
like yeah this is it this is a six six
I'm fine but then I forgot about the
aerial on top and I was like oh shit the
only musics just gonna go off in with it
see ya we're just safety check to see if
he's even more damaged on the way out it
wasn't on the way in so it wasn't too
bad like it didn't look damaged or
anything but that was even louder of a
Clank on the way on the way eggs in it
so let's take a look ready you know what
I think it just got a bit of a mark cut
it rather than anything and hopefully
I'm gonna die in it probably didn't hit
the roof a little bit there but you know
what we're fine we're fine fine we're
fine we're fine you're fine you're fine
look at radio I want to say that's
because I hit the area but it's usually
always like that anyway not that it's
absolutely fine but yeah the most
difficult decision of five guys to make
I'm feeling fun too but you know what
I'm sticky I'm staying original I'm
going to go why not you know I never
knew this at five guys just like
sandwich number three two one I didn't
realize that he actually put stickers on
the sandwiches so you know which ones
which
I know it's most people that's probably
very obvious but to me I don't have a
clue so mine's number three never
survive guys and had Cajun chips bacon
cheeseburger mushrooms
jalapenos holy goddamn shit ketchup hmm
I just realize this is not my sandwich
it's got onions on it and mayonnaise I
didn't ask for that I think I've just
eaten my sister sandwich awkward
what's even more awkward is the fact
that there's three PC world guys all
staring at me all talking about me
oh look at me while some turnover
sandwich I'm looking Hey so just like
that I managed to replace the SONA
speaker that gave to Darren yesterday
wrong it I'm glad I gave him it's an
awesome gift that I know I'll use it got
man I've had one for Christmas like two
years ago and he's never put it down
since so I have now replaced the Sonos
because I've got so I can connect it to
my elector when I get home and then in
my office so when I'm working away in
stuff I could just be like Alexa go fuck
yourself Richie below okay boy always
got a rock I swear that something like
someone crushed them
oh there's another defender what a
brother I also picked up with this
little Bob boy okay is actually in it
this thing's tiny yeah okay they go
thing it's so small but I'm hoping this
will do exactly what I want and the
reason why I say that is because what it
compacts that easy
when I try to put my phone up here watch
it falls down I'm hoping that if I leave
this mountain here I can just do that
maybe like how are you supposed to do
this and then bend it so what I want to
talk to you guys when I'm in the in the
Land Rover I could just pop it on here
and then if I bend the legs like enough
in whichever position like that if I
leave that there
then when I put my phone up there I
might actually glue this mount to the
fucking Land Rover no joke that way I
can like plug it in whenever I need it
my phones up there so I can see it and
but more importantly so I can blog and
not their life so close up I can have a
better distance we need a bit space guys
we're a bit we're a bit close and it's a
good thing but at the same time it's
kind of a bad thing I just really don't
believe that this this cameras gonna
stay here like what I'm driving or
something like that so yeah let's turn
it off right but hey anyway I got a
mountain yeah I love you guys too you
know see what see what I do to to help
City original a damage of a brand new
line over yes my cat's got a fancy book
but it to you on the road a fair or fair
of you built a house already what's up
what time what time what time what time
did you come to my house 10:00
what did I tell you about coming to me I
was early You cheeky bugger anyone know
got all this salt washed off gonna be a
pain in the ass to clean this Eddy
I gotta get all the salt from the
underneath off it all around the wheels
all under this and everything so it will
do a good job this place is this place
is the best that smell of hot brakes and
cleaning fluid like like singing off
it's it's kind of beautiful at the same
time kind of disgusting but this is
where we find out even though I've been
in the rain in this this is where we
truly find out if it's got any leaks and
why I'm not using a little stun
I'm a little mounting um yeah I don't
know I'll use that a little bit maybe
not too much yeah I looked at before I
bought it but it's got like this is like
a stretchy straining thing so I thought
it would just like hold it straight but
your phone Connor goes into that so you
constantly like on a weird angle
look you think it's on straight like
this is your flat you should be looking
on here but instead you're looking down
there it's kind of weird either way for
seven quid worth its weight in gold it's
happening it's happening I'm stuck in it
I'm stuck in the midst of it the water's
coming down my windows help I'm in this
storm I'm in a storm out babe I would
love to be in a storm with this like I
mean not snowing
I mean star like stop stop stop stop
also I'm starting to realize that
because I see myself like a thousand
times a day in a reflection I'm starting
to look more tired and more pale I've
been fucking UK for about five days
clean clean clean
hello my friend clean clean clean clean
clean it's plain plain clang clang clang
clang clang clang clang it's clean
alright I guess I'm a very busy man go
get yourself a trochee you do everything
go to the skip drop all that stuff go to
the shop pick up a load of stuff I've
got big enough amount of room damn to
amount of clothes is washing machines
brokers using mine so you know what dr.
Tom God come come come come come come
ok sure like I said that's so
suspiciously like what are you hiding
why are you moving it forward a bit
what's going on
that's a suspicious Drive movement that
Ken suspicious do I get a job here then
um what was my job see today
drop off the store get your dinner other
stuff so far um a lot of orders do I
actually need to take your son supposed
always like do I have to I've got
meeting at half past four so just doing
that age when I was your fat guys oh so
he was called by the wife colleges
apologies we get it get over it Jesus
mom you're an alcoholic that's where I
get it from we know I've now got the
multitask me ironing and washing with
your guys into original swag being sent
out all the same married
second what is this this didn't come
from no it wasn't me don't think it
don't think it was hey you haven't no
Ravel's go on strike nose not syndicate
original I will make sure it makes it to
the destination yeah yep okay it's this
where it's like which one was it
yeah I won't look - cleaning off easier
on it um I don't know what this one's
over here as well oh-ho God he said take
it oh I've never been in here before
it's gonna explore the right oh man yeah
see he starts here oh yeah okay that was
cool that's what I assumed Santa's
workshop looks like it's all the
presents and letters and shit alright
time to new take my dad back home cuz
you forgot the keys from his sister get
the keys take him to Alice then once
we've done that tickets well listen then
take my laundry home and then madad
madad insured
on his policy so he's having a bit of a
drama enough under the opportunity to
decide whether or not it's actually a
comfy driving our C's company that's for
sure
a lot of this your bison high up can see
the road and vlog from me this is great
this is great I grip to some reason sure
no for more off-roading day for loved it
ABS I'm not the cat you want I'm not the
cat you dude but I have no cat but I'll
save you listen we all know that you up
there is a bad idea isn't it it is
because you'll probably knock something
off and smash it won't ya
yes you will yeah she will anyway as I
was saying it's actually dope having the
defender look like what four days or
something like if that book it's amazing
to have the convenience of I can offer
all I can get through absolutely
anything and everything on the road
which is dough and having a crazy amount
of space is just absolutely amazing and
it just feels nice to be lying up on the
road because I'm so used to being like
although in my TT that it's a really
nice refreshing sort of vibe but yeah
man
love it really happy with it I've seen a
warning light pop up on the dash which I
don't know about which I need to google
and find out what it is the door hinge
is a bit kind of funky now we've been
playing with it a little bit it seems a
bit like you don't need to get that
taken care of but um yes so far like I
love it and you know I've spoke to
dragged you around Lamoreaux because
it's the same company about taking it to
their special vehicles operations team
and taking it down there because they
make like the cars for James Bond films
and you're like deck out defenders for
the movies and stuff and like the Queen
and I might have a look to make some
content I've coming down there with you
guys rather than going to some like
random third party go to Land Rover
Jaguar themselves and Timothy out there
like all new full suspension systems and
it like the new model stuff that they
use for the other vehicles to try and
see if we can put it on mine
the light bar which I know they can do
different kits different see it's like
you know different steering wheel maybe
like a you know a future text steering
wheel like you know like the call
buttons on it cuz this one is just like
a normal steering wheel but like you
know proper future-tech it
because I want it to look as traditional
as it does from the outside but with a
modern twist on the inside and yeah I'm
excited I've got a lot of puns got a lot
of kwanzaa the guys from jag you are
alike Landrover alike that's dope let's
talk so really excited man some of the
blood my tree there you go you go don't
you go and plug it well I spent all
night hiding these wires and you go and
you go one was a bit too straight yeah
perfect
all right I'm now just waiting on the
standby in the next 1 to 2 minutes for
my account to roll lumbar she's gonna
roll them by when she reels them by I
have to pay taxes to find that still
being an adult gotta get it done got to
make it happen so I risk drinking a
monster crushing later on tempted but
the taste of monsters like a really dude
but like that Mon city of a day for some
reason I crashed and I cook I crashed
hard from it so just a little bit
worried about drinking out a lot of
people said start thinking the
sugar-free ones and you won't really get
that crashes much so potential but right
that's awesome
poor God what was supposed to be a
30-minute meeting my accountant turned
into like a two-hour conversation she's
a homie I've known her for ages as well
so that helps but it was like we talked
about business we pay the tax we do this
we do everything then we just have a
good old chinwag about the local area
because she was close to me and she was
quite it's quite sad but my accountant
so whilst I was building my house no she
was sorting out all the funds for my
house being built and all that sort of
stuff
and since my youtuber began but the sad
thing is right is my accountant solve
this value of this road going up she was
like you know I probably is gonna say
I'm gonna buy it so they came up with an
amazing architecture plan to the house
all that sort of stuff but then she had
problems with the roof and the builders
and she was just like I've got to cut
ties with it and unfortunately that
house right there right there is where
my accountant would be living that would
be a house I Cavaliere just shout orbit
were like hello you know pay me taxes
pay my bills and she just pop over and
write you know it'd just be a really
nice like song friendly thing well like
I said there was just complications
because she's got flat roofs there's
complications Bert was like leaking in
and the bill the team was shared and the
bill the team start of like from what I
gathered
and just done a bad job and then they
wouldn't repair it and then it went into
like legal sort of light no you need to
fix it you've done it wrong and they
were like no business does exist when we
closed it so I just came to things you
like just sort the project someone else
bought it and shout to let it go but now
every time she comes to my house and she
lives in local area has to see you and
it's like a bit of a mm-hmm you know
it's always they're reminded of like
what she could have had but you know
she's positive if she's moving in with
new things and you know you live in you
learn so that that's a bit of a weird
story to tell you but right next step
we're gonna set up this Amazon echo plus
so Oh what the hell Alexa Alexa lock my
front door oh hell yeah
wait what call me Dad oh so oh my god it
didn't say Kolby dad it said called that
holy shit that scared me well I'm I'm
determined even though I said this like
my house has got you know speakers
throughout all the ceilings and stuff
like that I'm very tempted to just get
rid of them all but absolutely rid of
all of them the sound bars that you can
hear for the front of TVs now project
sounds so well that you don't really
need surround sound in the systems and
even for you know like play music in
your house and pies and stuff like that
just by Sonos like seriously this is not
sponsored so I've got at my palm in LA
it's worth its weight in gold my dad's
got it my sister's gonna buy for
everyone I gave it to Darren as a
present for his birthday yesterday
Sano's is worth its weight in gold like
you can just go on your phone and you
know change the volumes and rooms
different stations different Matt but
with this safe I'm in my office up and
I'm listening to Dizzee Rascal I could
just go hey Siri play ksi Lamborghini
not Surrey Alexa I could just tell her
to do that and she does and she'll just
search her like now playing this cuz
you've got it connected to your Spotify
and you've got access to everything so
let's get this stuff endure see how
annoying Alexa's gonna be he's our kid
bloody hell no wonder she needs a power
socket she's bloody massive Lil B the
cat feature in the vlog today as per
usual look at him you wake me up and
then
they're just so this one is such an
attention-seeking man she really doesn't
like my phone like she really doesn't
like bones
whereas this guy's like okay she always
act so like sassy and like moody but
she's truly a her so to Louisville cab
she just needs a lot more attention and
she's gonna get a load off me with this
Christmas and you might as well don't
worry I still love you right you guys my
play is like okay probably no you always
want to play you need to lose some
weight so get running okay so we're
trying to find hey whoa buys a fucking
like you're fine there we go and
watching Star Wars we're watching it I
was streaming like an hour before we
came here and the entire time were like
oh I'm going what just tells me what
just hours but just did not I just did
not trust I did not trust my twitch app
not anyone on the Internet to not spoil
it for me so my sense goes the film
starts at half-past eight it's 8:45 it's
my fault we're late
I was streaming player known
battlegrounds don't worry about it don't
worry about it it's okay it's my fault
so we're gonna miss the stars that was
but you know what what epicness can
happen in within the first 10 minutes of
the new Star Wars like a planet blows
what maybe awesome guys
oh do an IMAX here we are this is what
we're here to see Star Wars our last
Jedi
hopefully nobody dies yeah
how we do this like every movie
especially when you tell me that it's
yeah over in screen 14 and we walked it
it was halfway through the movie we made
it that was was epic I've never watched
a film with such a fucking smile on my
face before in my life like really damn
good yeah yeah just like that I engine
running we bumped into a fund and then
that was the last event of filming from
the night I think we just headed home
that's it how's a life tom no it was
quite late but I have to say this right
now I didn't say a little bit Star Wars
was so good it was so so good but from
the first 10 minutes it was so funny and
this one learn about all these like
movies now because they rabbit being
like this happened to be like like you
know the Avengers in art sauce don't
really happen to just like dead dead
serious moment you can add a bit of
comedy to it you know what it just works
it wasn't a moment in that film where I
was like awkward this a bit it worked it
was perfect it was amazing if you
haven't seen it go check it out if
you're gonna be someone who's like yeah
well it doesn't really buy the story
Lana this is different all that around
oh I understand you've got all the right
to be passionate and stuff like that but
at the end of the day it was an
amazingly entertaining film ten out of
ten really recommend it I cannot wait to
go watch it again and just the plot
twists and turns it was just incredible
so I had a really nice time so thank you
for watching today's vlog leave a like
rating subscribe see you guys tomorrow
around 6 p.m. start this vlog being late
but you know just I've been so busy with
everything that's going on to get the
clips loaded so I'm sorry I love you all
don't forget you want to get yourself
some syndicate material swag in time for
Christmas get ordered by the nineteen if
you don't get it by the nineties you
ain't gonna be gaining alright I want to
see everyone on Christmas Day rockin
rockin rockin through swag so get it go
get it ordered get it in time get it for
a gift and I really look forward seeing
you guys all rocket and wearing it so
don't forget to tag me and cynic
original Christmas day so I'm gonna go
now wait my dad I don't know what the
hell he's doing but I'm gonna go so much
luck and it's a big cost
