well good morning your being little cute
cat this morning coming saying hello to
me I would say you're also being very
annoying because your bum hole in my
face is not nice go to the dentist at
about an hour and I've been woken up by
a cat thanks appreciate you oh well I
was hoping to dramatic reveal my windows
then but uh it's another day in England
where it's just I see it's not exactly
snowed again so you know that's kind of
disappointing but whoa I have neighbors
what to help people used to live that
kind of moved out they were gone and I
think that is actually not my new
neighbor I think it's just a guy owns
the house like the landlord but also my
cat escaped today look at him oh it was
Trump's outside the house you know how
we go out it just managed to escape and
then my dad just said he at the cottage
door open and all the Canaries alone
Beulah it was Gadsby hiding underneath
my car
thanks I rescued him is it here though
is it here is it doing is it ready my
house is one step closer one step closer
to being finished to be honest you know
when you call like cars like a girl and
stuff I don't think you can call this a
girl it's too like Brutus Derrick but
Derrick sounds stupid so maybe not that
do you know I wish we didn't have if we
didn't have all that
you know balustrade there and it was
just rocks going down like a nice garden
you better know I'd be driving it down
onto the grass if I was somewhat friends
with the farmer over there I'd totally
him up remove my fence there and then go
all off-roading in each field but you
managed to sneak out of the house did
you you managed to sneak out of the
house oh my god I have a unit holy shit
I have a unit that's nice that's really
nice
oh my god I finally have a unit oh man
get it installed get it against the wall
and let's get ready our kin and they're
all one body to get around to decorate
in this tree as well today because
exactly actually risky and leaving the
door open
just now because I don't think the cats
gonna attempt to run outside but I think
you might stay there and just watch what
I'm doing but Oh Oh baby baby baby baby
look at it in the light I was a bit
upset yesterday because when we went to
the showroom obviously it went dark but
it got more and more difficult to show
you it was nice that it was in the
showroom so that really helped out I'm
still hoping that cat doesn't come like
ball in on out but it's here it's mine
it's a beast and I probably don't need
it today like you know it's one of these
when will I ever really need this car
because I've got my Audi TT to get me
from A to B is like my everyday driver
this is just this is just my month on
hover she's like a tank
he's like a tank she'll the eight did
the rear windshield might scattered
Owens got a call and what else do I need
um wait does this work
yeah that it loads he sees AC he it for
max heat for max volume all around on
the windshield I think that's on the
windshield not too sure whatever we'll
find out time to shut the door and get
her different I'll stand one thing I
keep upping to get used to is this but
I'm helping in and out the car it's an
actual physical switch for the lights so
every time I keep getting out of it I
forget and I know it's my little blue
lights run on the front but oh she's a
beast not unfair I did it to myself
basically time to get filling felt fill
it film at this time I just I just wait
to get it done and dusted but I've done
half my face is bill my had to get a
numbing injection there I'm there feel
like Kim Kardashian all over again it's
begun it's begun I'm a farmer now what
did I just pick up one Rover owner
international me Jonesy's
Land Rover Defender looked absolutely
beast mode he's almost got like the same
rims as me I'm like his little England
flag stickers on the side and you see
them to a light bars I will not but one
whole light bar coming across the top
there so instead of that I want one
there instead well dude I can't wait to
look through this and get some good
so I can add to this absolutely beast
but I didn't show you as well is that
did just pop runs like my local friends
garage just to show him like check over
the car I was like good but good pic
good bye it's real good Nick real good
quality should last you a lifetime so
let's hope it stays like that just don't
crash you because it's so big well
honestly I probably like 300 miles on it
myself now already and you know what I'm
absolutely come on over here you oh wait
he's got my keys at Fort Knox
come on I'd like to introduce you to my
brand new Land Rover Defender but no
it's 2013 watch this ice watch this ice
it's a 2013 defender the beast though
careful yeah yeah you think go around
the front I've look from the front nice
is that a smile I see you in your face
is that a smile on those chops vintage
it yeah three fillings but my face my
face feels like it's falling off she's a
big old beast in she know I give
presents on Christmas Day not yet oh no
no I don't do presents industries there
she is Arden approaches is I swear he's
gonna slip I swear he's gonna slip
having a good old religion room nice
nice it's got a good sound system in it
as well
sound system yeah I think I'm listening
to classic mm right now I told the
ladies at the bakery yesterday I said if
I get this defended the first thing I'm
doing in the morning he's pulling it
right off you drive so no one could come
in the middle he block at the door on
purpose so I can come and get some food
because we're just like vantablack
important now we grander wants a garnish
pasty and I get we got my sister
sandwich so let's do it
it is Tuesday my friend it is Tuesday
we've got me my granite I've got dinner
we're gonna go on inside and have some
lunch he's got to garnish besties okay
you can't wait careful get out they're
gonna give you I see let me help you I
was gonna say if I find you face-first
in the ground
I'll never live with myself look at
Steve oh you cat with the cats sit on
top of it and just stare at Steve all
day
cats get it get hey hey you know say
hello to groundnut dad your granddad
okay
no no what you think come on
no not that no other Jeep yes my
granddad - sir Ector dry ground that has
the best taste like seriously my
granddad bought me that globe he bought
me da like loads of pieces of furniture
this house my granddad bought me like is
the taste master but now this room is
finally finally granddad got a unit
housing units we did actually see this
about a year ago not me my mum no I saw
it about a year ago for the problem is
like yeah we got none in stocks or and
we thought it was been discontinued but
no the bra is still going and we bought
one that's big don't you even try and
climb that tree if you climb that tree
you're grounded even more grounded than
you already are
what are you doing seem Razi's no it's
shit followed over twice this is vlog
losses remembered so if you guys didn't
know I'd watch my leg yeah perfectly
smooth like a baby's bottom kind of what
you think that's a fine leg it is a fine
leg what comes smooth it is with the
prop there is like hairy patches because
I just like wimped out but the problem
is we film the whole thing in like 4k
60fps gorgeous and then I backed up my
phone and so I could get all my contacts
on because I didn't I've like anywhere
American contacts it anything on my on
this new iPhone X what happened lavend
yeah I lost footage because it backed up
to like 6 months ago of video footage
but not like anything else so
unfortunately I did lose a voyage I'm
sorry I apologize I messed up I know
I'll have to do it again because we
didn't watch this length so we'll just
do it again so Fred look at us go gone
gone down look easy so this guy right
now is Ken Jones who was to dig a driver
Oh like help build my house like took
out all like 200 200 tons of stone he
dug out himself I think I carried it
open his like little like machine and
stuff boy I used to have a Land Rover
Defender so he's teaching me now how to
mess around with the 4x4 settings like
diff lock lock differential high-low
there's all different sorts of settings
look at this ladder over squad I said
hey look at the Aces good collection
that's in it there's a little gang this
is in low crawl mode so like even if we
didn't torch the accelerator you just
keep going in 4x4
just like you do it in only I have my
own off-roading course at the top of my
Road so right now what Gary in here
normal gear Street gears like I can ride
on the road here but we're gonna then
switch it into
this engine now is set up in low low
crawl mode so he's just choking along
like with all the power but I loved
about this little lanes light up the top
of my road it's like a proper little off
for offroad costing me to practice on it
I need to find out who owns this field
put your asses into hibernation let me
rip around in me Jeep so it's just it
I'm and now no thanks to Ken's help
thank you very much Jeff that old
legends must be called ken my dad yeah
like whoa now is I know what I should be
driving it on the road and then when I'm
off-roading
to have it in a unlocked gear
differential is I've been in death you
so I can turn easier when I'm on the
road and have it in walk you sort of on
green lanes and stuff it's just all the
wheels are like clawing along at the
same time and then I can obviously
accelerate pick up a bit of speed then
change my gaze depending on like what
saw a grittiness I've gotta get through
so we've learned of a load well Ken to
do well thank you that's just hope I
don't hit this old woman now so my job
boy are the grass
how do will learning okay okay I did try
and do this in the camera be impossible
with there you can do this in the car
good
he's finally got a better Madonna she
should have some scratches as well from
the tree that I just drove past no baby
but this is the thing like I'm like
anything's gonna get scratches you know
it should get scratches this vehicle was
designed for off-roading and you know
what it's gonna do in my lifetime with
me it's gonna go off-roading like they
said this car came from London it was
bought as a brand new defender don't
know I was getting in the room they
brought this from London like new did it
all and it's never really seen any
off-road in its life the the gearbox to
turn it into like off-road gear had
never been touched so we're set well I
legend finally what it did my first bit
of opera did it I know to you guys like
that might not see a bit of road it was
more of a track that we actually went on
and drove down and it was super fun
super awesome it's just nice because you
know again a lot of people were like oh
you probably won't use it offroad and
first of all I don't give a shit what
you say it's I'm you what to do with my
life person on the Internet
I do what I want when I want how I want
it and you know what if I'm gonna drive
it round all day in there in this Sun
with the windows down then that's what
I'm gonna do if I'm gonna get it off in
the snow and ice from fun with it that's
what I'm gonna do if I can take it to
somewhere with a desert and see what
it's like in a desert I'm gonna do it no
there's any deserts in England but you
know I don't know what he'd call
Sun Sun juninho I'd love to go do that
but yeah she's a beast
she's an absolute beast I got a ten
thank you very much I will go off-road
in it one day I'll give you a helmet and
offer olden what you don't what you know
what you do what you do okay what's the
door before you open it it's all right
watch the step nice punch there you go
all right fist bump see you later
brother
nice to see you look up yourself yeah
can I can now I got the new toy I got it
Tara
check out rody
what do you think guys she can I know is
proper filthy alright in it
god damn I wrote him like three seconds
god damn it
mate we need to do a photo shoot with
this and the syndicate regional club
farmer excuse me your former I just got
a poor play so I can connect my phone to
it like maps and stuff comes upon it so
most of them don't usually have that but
actually none of them have that
everything was like CD player some other
that is that much they respond it's just
doing well do you think do you like it
wait you mean you're accidentally
otherwise cuz I was just about to fill
my oh my God look how good these are but
this is that if you order something from
siddik original you get one of these
with your order oh my god yeah I'm gonna
sign I don't I don't sign every single
one but if you order it within the next
like what a few days I'm gonna need to
move it why does everyone I and just get
in well that was obvious I was walking
someone in there I should really just
park in that spot but parked on the road
instead but yeah so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna sign like a bunch of these so
if you order anything from now until
Friday you're pretty much gonna get the
chance to get one of these signed you've
got one week if you want to get some
ordered in the UK for Christmas so there
you go look at that like Sam you crushed
it made you just crushed it we were
gonna sell them on the front book anyway
that you're right can it takes away from
the detail of it so we sign it like a
proper letter look how good that looks
Oh still signing I'm still so look at it
mate it looks so good like I'd love to
have sign not again like I said but that
just looks so good it looks like a
profiler what you saying what you say
why well what if I were to water someone
I get it in time for Christmas when's
the final day so as long as they get
their order in before the 19 yeah it
will get the little bit crispy the only
reason it won't come cheese because of
something to do with Royal Mail or the
delivery service knows there you go
so 19 yeah night 8:00 let's get a
description syndicate original dot-com
grab your swag I was opening for you to
say now boy you'd kind of despaired she
still didn't jump back in the shop dummy
she's a changed woman yeah I was like
sign like a few of these I've signed the
entire pile not every single night every
single order will get a signed one
bought again if you're ordering from now
you've got very high chance of actually
game one again a lot of people lost
often like say hey Tom can you sign this
for us
no I'm always like why do people want my
signature like it's a potato one however
this is probably the best-looking thing
I've ever signed not just a poster but
the there it just looks great like Sam
you crushed it mate you absolutely
crushed it I'm just thinking about this
right now I'm sorry I'm not streaming on
switch on in in forever I'm hoping to
get back on it ASAP so let's see how
that goes
sorry if you're one of the twitch
subscribers and part of hyperwall I love
you a lot thank you for still being
supportive and asking me to come home to
my live streaming roots I love you all
oh no never learned that oh don't get me
wrong this is her business you know
she's about this is study us oh wow
that's never been on the website before
that is so good the royalty sure there
so available I reckon you should do a
discount deal if you buy that because
it's got the Royal sure I you're
terrible business company this is me put
in the first-ever postcard in two curls
Penfold this is now gone in your box and
you know what once again the snapback
yeah but you know what else you get gave
a response so Charles hopefully you
don't know you're getting this as a
Christmas present we just bought it but
child ya know we're in the surprises but
Charles it's on its way it's in the box
it's and still delivering sign seal
delivery as I need to know just as an
FYI by the way I have to say probably
hands down my fate my favorite t-shirt
of this year has been the insignia
that's a fact
insignia is a fact the hoodie is dog
like but my favorite my favorite
crewneck is definitely the kanji like
this is the sickest jumper ever like I
really love this I know it's like my
merch stomp organ it but like I'm always
plugging it I never but like this is my
favorite if you want my if you want my
favorite one this is it
James Paul James Paul you mean Jake Paul
it's actually Logan Paul I actually
watch Logan Logan's breathing good oh I
guess due to Allah sees demand if you
now order one of these posters you have
the chance of one of them being signed
it a quite a few so if you want to grab
one you can I'm actually gonna kick back
now what Georgie was gonna watch me I'm
gonna play it that people say like took
Tom you should just respectful to your
family I sound like I'm like Jupiter on
the negativity but I just love the
comment like just shit you're off you
should do phone call interrupted me you
sure you officer you do know if you must
they do all the hard work mate listen
here I employ these guys and pay them a
salary in a wage to do the work that I
do yeah I pay them a salary slash wage
to do the work so I don't have to but
more importantly rather than go on
employing some random person entire
Payne Taipan or whatever I'll some
random other business doing it and I
that we don't know the control the
quality the customer service rating we
do it as a family business and we get to
hire them and because of the business I
get to see these guys nearly every
single day and you like that do you like
your job yeah I seem like a real answer
I'll kill you oh my god that's a lot of
damn orders bloody hell
thank somewhat right now this was a
really good purchase for me alive I
can't find the exact page now but
there's like places of where it shows
you like where to buy like you know roof
racks from snorkels all like good
equipment all I upgrades for it and
stuff like that different wheels
different tyres different rims like this
is probably one of the best like you
know what did they call it like copy
copy book take coffee table read there's
a proper saying that they call these
kind of books when it's just there it's
like you know what when you're in a shop
and you're at the dentist and it's just
there for you to eat it's like you know
a flick through it boy I just keep this
on the side every time I go through it I
might find something pretty cool I could
end up throwing on the defender so now
that I've got myself a coffee table on I
can put it on it yeah that's exactly
what I want light bar there but instead
of it being there I wanted to run
straight across the top look at these
things they just look like monsters are
you walking oh look a little bubble code
let's take on my teaser starting to wear
off I was hoping to like maybe stream
tonight but don't think I'm gonna
because Janice the egg Mitch feel like
yeah I'm grow yeah they did it I'm feel
good below but it wears off it's like no
your team have just been drilled in
three different places today gonna
probably feel like shit so feel little
bit or whatever bought Alice's so cam
you up for one that XL hoodies we don't
have them in stock in the UK yet but we
will do soon but she has a sample one I
think I'll be able to wear today if it's
the right size I swear to God
ally saw something sticking out my coat
she was uh oh and kept pulling it now
look what she's done to a little dull
jacket fix it yeah keep pulling it isn't
fit oh right so it is a Tuesday we
should be riding but it's so cool which
means it's I see what she means
dangerous to rags we don't have spiked
tyres so we're not doing that but we are
getting together for a drink
my local village opened up a village
wines so I'm eating grayling thing your
name for a drink and see how this is
going yeah this is this is Robbie that
loves this place he can get beyond the
bar and pull the beers himself yeah I'm
on to him how do you necessarily need on
this coat wait can you actually zip them
all this is so necessary straitjacket
are you ready for the outdoors cold beer
and filling my own aesthetics were off
Tom I'm just real good did you enjoy the
ride tonight
yeah hey straight to the pole oh thanks
ravenous like Lord kept yourself I'm
going to say goodbye to Tony wise he's
taking a piss what's the toilet you you
didn't even wash your own lying bastard
I love you I leave yet I will see Steve
ride in front of the bike ride my bike
bike ride no will see you flying again
once you steer Oh
maybe yeah okay goodbye you can I need
to improve and we bought up at your new
house yeah hey hope this is where I pork
this is where I pulled up try to look at
the house to see if it was nice that's
all I have to say I looked I looked at
that first Albert I was gonna say better
context here is Lydia is a teacher and
her best friend who she used to live
with who now also works with at her
primary school where she works
moved into the estate that's newly built
round the corner from me so this guy
might be seen in the vlogs from now on
he's probably like no keep me out of it
I hate I hate this sort of shit but we
went into the walk around that other
house around the corner but then these
guys actually bought the show house and
like finisher and everything like I
actually a little because Lydia and
Tasha are best friends so it's just like
absolutely perfect oh yes welcome people
I would do - what you get in blinds shut
he's not from Hiller you're not you're
not from hillery's are you No thank God
for that
used up for my house pile of shit no
this is a good that you guys don't run
away from the camera now listen this is
a good thing like it turns out that Ryan
is it Ryan's mum's neighbor is a vlogger
so shout out to this guy good light so
if you guys wanna go check him out it's
called woof dog but I can't get my head
around is it makes sense for mobile
phones because you can just watch it
like this but like this guy is amazing
at what he does is in the waveforms it
look it looks beautiful
yeah but like thanks missing but look
girly he films it vaguely like I could
actually watch a blog like this and no
Joe I'd liked it I could easily fill my
vlogs ten times better this way like
like he's a good worker I've been
watching what he does but it's vertical
don't you I'd rather pop it if he just
filmed it normally then it could cut it
vertically like this anyway that's what
it could look like anyways look if you
film sideways you've seen more view okay
he's got all the shots your night no
joke this guy's actually good at what he
does so shout out to this boy if you
guys want to go check him out I'm gonna
throw ya on sex go in search throat roof
dog and you shall find him opens up set
that on me
he films Berkeley look at these shots
he's got this like cinema eight angle
with amazing music
why don't you do plugin yeah he's like
how do I escape this camera lenses as
fuck as fast as possible yeah but this
guy's kill me like I've never seen
someone film a vlog like that but when
you just hold your phone like this it
kinda makes a lot of sense truly enjoy
your forefinger I feel like I'm watching
like a story anyway apart from other
people like oh my god can I just say
this is a very lovely dining room look
at that you've now just really drawn by
drowning it to death this is it bangers
and mash
oh oh oh wait who's me this is a really
nice table does it raise up no it just
raised up oh yeah yeah
that's so nice damn I'm oh look who's
got a TV unit got incepted TV unit look
at that TV unit the TV doesn't work by
the way
that broke it long story
Oh Christmas house bills no I wait for
my dad to pack it up and then we'll fade
it but I'm very happy that this TV unit
guys told the house tree okay bedtime
now but I'm not but damn no come come
come come come I wait stay there don't
move
close your eyes keep your eyes close
your eyes close your eyes close
keep your eyes closed keep them closed
give him closed keep them closed
you just said we need to put things on
it open your eyes is it me the best
that's my favorite Christmas decoration
all the time don't the TV unit kiss kiss
best gift ever
