do you know what I've just been thrilled
or Wonder and I thought the last vlog
was kind of you know whilst I was in the
room and everything so I thought I'd
give you like a better outside view you
know maybe like the entire it I could go
up here and the entire overlook of like
I looked pretty good in it I know I
think that is like an epic view this is
just like I roads it that I just found I
was just like yeah I go another look
with my nerd specs that I've got with me
all these Americans got this like huge
cars and stuff I'm like super jealous I
don't if you can see this but like some
like alien like show going on this guy
oh my god UFO a billion views for fake
video but in yeah don't reply kill this
bitch but yeah I just went up some food
I'm like I'm really tired now so if I
seem a bit like it's because I am and
got some was like a he couldn't get
chicken burger and some fries some chili
fries I said chips at first and he was
like what everyone like when I order
food in America it's just an awkward I
don't know why they're like hey what do
you want so I'm like I order something
that's on the menu and then they look at
me funny still and I'm like I don't know
I've just oh yeah you need the
background oh yeah I'm like I've just
ordered exactly what I won't like why'd
you ask me more questions but it's just
a number it's you know as British make
everything overcomplicated or even
really simple I thought in America it's
you pick get paid that's it
and like messing about with American
money he's a pain in the ass I'm not
even joking it's so bad like you've got
a this is how someone's gonna have to
make a really simple method for me for
this for me but they give you a change
and say it's like you pay $6 they'll
give you like $4 change for dollars and
then like some changes apply but they'll
give it you but then you've got to take
notes as well as coins like pretty much
every purchase you make so you freaking
juggling with these coins and stuff like
that and is that the way to make you put
your coins or your dollars in the tip
jar cuz everyone asks for tips I don't
know why I tipped the but I want to lean
against this but you'll probably YouTube
sensation video of me like falling off
it
I'm joking what the parties actually
next door holy shit
I could probably I couldn't good like
sneak up on the roof obviously we gotta
be 21 to drink in America it's my first
night so I should take it slow
yeah yeah everyone like expects like
loads of tips or something and even if
it's like they carry you back from the
door they expect like a $10 tip or
something like that because when I was
last out here when I was going to go and
see Kate this taxi driver I paid like a
flat race it was like fifty five dollars
and I paid it and then it came and
picked me up and you know I could pay
the guy thirty-five dollars when I paid
in fifty five dollars he looked at it
like that and he was like but what is
this and I was just like I don't what's
up there's 55 there and you just went
you're supposed to give a tip of 20% and
I was like no not it listen Sun sunny
Jim I got like my old Wiseman hound and
just went listen to the gym in England
that's not how we do it and I know we're
not in England but come on I'm not
paying you freakin $10 extra just
because you talk to me in the car I
suppose it's a nice thing to do but it's
the same we've like drinks in a bars
like when I was last out here everyone
would like put like $3 on the bar even
though the drink cost like three dollars
as well so they put six dollars down and
give them like a three dollar tip so
it's where I just don't understand why
people pay too much more for anything
else because you wouldn't tip someone it
can be in store but apparently is to do
with wages I don't know some some pinja
to people I don't tip is that I think I
need you to let me know a Russian tip
everyone because it's just something in
the UK we don't people get paid a wage
and we live by that that's pretty much
the simples of it yeah the atmosphere is
great and everyone's walking around in
tuxedos oh it looks really really random
and I look so out of place is like an
hoodie and a wrap in my monster t-shirt
yeah
today I'm gonna say day one over like
traveling day one complete was it worth
it absolutely and it's been amazing I've
got a dead fast and fingers crossed
tomorrow Monday is gonna be an epic day
I'm gonna see me shoot him online first
thing in the morning
cinema and just literally ayiva this is
where I've literally don't know the
river that way or that way on this road
Batman so we'll find out tomorrow I
probably do like a little video of me
get into it vlogging the entire way so
if you want me to answer some questions
like I said tweet me on twitter twitter
twitter is a pro syndicate and then I'll
be sure to answer some questions on the
way to machinima tomorrow and I'll not
no guys I'm gonna go and dive in bed cuz
UK time is 725 725 is emploi I think
yeah let's just say I'm right and but
yeah it's going really good guys I hope
you're all well look after yourselves
and I'll see you guys later videos
