I thought there's no pretty much better
time to get a vlog quickly done before I
probably got its bite you know I'd go
and jump on it get your nice little
scenery and everything here so where I'm
at now is just heading into terminal one
oh I'm gonna catch my flight it's gonna
be a hopefully pretty well it's got a
pretty smooth so far flat from like two
women you like typical like women just
talking chewing gum and getting
distracted and stuff like that they
wanted to say like why am I going she
was like yeah I walked that way for like
five minutes
like seriously five minutes and then I
got to the end of it and she was like he
was like yeah they said that you're
wrong way just go there voice I was just
like fuck me holy shit you know but
anyway off the subject I'm here I'm in
London I've just got the plane from
there so that when really good got loads
of good photos I thought it was awesome
and I'm just about to go and get my
flight to get to LA cuz it leaves in
about half an hour literally so I've got
to get my my ass in gear and get moving
and go working for itself I think we
just gonna go this one actually and then
once we've done that yeah I'm going to
the customs now
yeah once I've done that I'm one of
twelve hour flight straight to her I
like something that's cross that should
we go pretty well and all done no girls
gonna come out and be like
strip-searched I'm simple ass oh that
would suck I really am I'm guessing it
tell me to go this way I'm gonna take a
guess and I will speak to you guys later
adios
