alright guys about right I'm back no I
bought no I just need to share the story
basically I bought them on my birthday
card but I forgot the ember did not cook
does not come with an envelope card
company calm and then that was the first
fails now we've got a second fail which
you're gonna show you now basically I
rub my mom a birthday card to my low
voice see my MA see my lovely mom
spelled correctly now your birthday be a
day full of happiness happy times in a
lot of day I know doc doc doc doc doc
that means continued on the net penny
puts love you every day twice and
Sundays which you always write write
cards taken take it's nothing taken take
not it's on for it's gone like a box of
chocolates you know we're never gonna
get the same one twice taken was an
alien abduction program anyway so
basically I wrote the finishings I did I
didn't know is it said doll that means
continue so you can tell I've never you
can tell I've not even open that's what
you're supposed to finish it and that's
the story of my mom's birthday yeah I'm
yeah I'm going to try to point out the
didn't work and there's the moon canary
bar and I voted against it what she
turned up watching blah blah blah just
say goodbye
the
