ah guys hey it's indicate a right just
for now I mean Chris a buck a sorry if
it's a bit wobbly you're all we're doing
over push you know for his sneaky ninja
oh me oh my homie go I'm on Chris's box
I just decided to jump pretty spikes
hello hello hello we're back wait turn
around so I can see the I turned on 360
there's the London Eye it's a big
project oh it's a blink bloody eye look
at the size of it it's huge
so when ya mean Chris never got better o
mean Chris there is probably we're on
our way back now we're on our way back
from the hotel I think it's like nearly
midnight so it's not - it's like oh but
yeah it's been an amazing trip it's our
last night in London that's why what to
do this one and last night in London and
a good night out just you know when
doubted me in that was pretty much it
it's good meeting a good fun that's some
awesome people got to do some more stuff
Chris has put me down because he's lazy
and fight it's lazy and fuck does what
is hello Andrew oh yeah yes we know that
so yeah London has been such an amazing
trip if Chris isn't that wind is that
called that so that was how the cool
kids put the hoods up you can learn that
one of me you guys are sneaky ninjas so
I'm yeah not of anything to drink
tonight don't worry compared to
yesterday oh my god yesterday night I
was I was drunk meows I was buzzed in
the good mood I was like trade it's the
part so I'm like this is a perfect time
to vlog with I hide behind me because
it's been an amazing trip and luckily
now this is what gets me most excited
guys and you might be like but why would
what is because I know Kate now work to
the company that is a really good
company done a lot backtracking
yeah Kate works at the company another
is really well known and like really
well respected and stuff in the whole if
you don't who Kate this you should know
okay is case only means something more
than the world to it and no drunk
drinking so hard but a good night sure
in just been a look at her now flow
through my hair looks it looks awful a
couple way and ok Sony's always meant a
lot to me enough no cake since I started
you've and she's known me so there's no
like bullshit a lie she could say who I
was I could tell you she was and then
it's been an amazing experience is key
and I've loved it and seen her in
America the only thing is now I've got
to see her in the UK so you better get
your bowl over here if you happen to see
this video I hope you do because you're
awesome and that's all I need to say
really and I did a bit of a vlog outside
before I go in the hotel hope you do
come out it's the UK this is everyone as
well you know if you're not from the UK
just come here anyway
and I hope to do some more me jobs like
some proper me ups with you guys if that
sounds awesome
I got three minutes that's right and
yeah I hope to someone me also you guys
and hopefully can come to the UK now
just spoke to her the company she works
and they said the fly out that's why I'm
then happy because I've always wanted
Kate to be able to come to the UK and I
fall in to America to see her so no Kate
am I done
I challenge you to fly out to the UK to
come and see me okay so when there's
your challenge you have to accept it
because it's being given to you and I'm
logical Brad Wow ah that's the deal so
Kate hold wherever I'm going tell Kate
to come over into the UK so you can see
you and that's pretty much it I'm going
to walk into the hotel then I'll be like
paskevich so then yeah it's been amazing
I couldn't pass her amazing about a trip
in the UK I'm going to see what's going
on now Christie's kicking kicking off
with this
Oh God but yeah trips to to you guys why
because my job is to do a gaming trick
mr. Davi gaming and yeah good not doing
without you guys so I didn't just get
all the motion on you and yeah
so I guess I'll see you guys in the next
vlog and that's the thing I watched this
over this channel to make sure you
subscribe to it because I'm really
pushing this channel a lot I like doing
vlogs and keeping personal you guys
because that's what I've always wanted
to do stay personal I used to reply to
like every comment there ever was but
when you guys are in a freaking hundred
thousands it's a big friggin devil good
you know like ninja and difficult so I
guess I'm just going to try my best to
apply as many as I can but make sure you
subscribe guys and you can step today
with the content and on the channel add
me as a friend so you can message me and
I can try and message you back because
I'm going to try and reply to private
messages it's a lot easier I get a lot
less of them and it's more personal
open cups oh no where's that come from I
was giving love and so and yes I see you
guys later thanks for everything and I
love you and I love her because she's
awesome and good bye adios
