oh it's absolutely freezing cold in
London like absolutely freezing like
bright light it's that cool really
really high school day today we're just
green Chris again wandering around
London and just in the this way I like
to do the fast guy afraid it's not cold
in there the condensation tourists can
hardly move my lips so yeah it's just
been amazing tomorrow got like one more
place to go pretty sure you can like
just what busted
you can okay I want to go over and like
say hello to thank you that quick just
like standing that place and just like
should make him smile I'm gonna mate I'm
gonna make him have a photo with me it
was like so many people want any photos
looks like a pretty litter on the
Conaway and has to put up with people
you still just like poking and stuff
thank you oh oh oh she's just not now
there is usually well so there was there
was once today
I don't think I follow this one gonna
stir it right ages ago
this is how long girl my sister was
there and this is these are stables all
right obviously keep all the horses oh
but that looks things they're not here
anymore
is there any Indian guys know that's
going up its going to tease in then
we're just seeing if there's some some
more guys up and basically my sister was
a sister went down that
and the the guard was stood there and he
just was like he went get out the
courtyard resisted an Arab get out the
cook and he grabbed his gun my cuts
you're like in a stance position to
shoot and my sister and she cut herself
really she was super scared but look how
many people is call these fun fangirls
and fanboys it's not 20 pitches take you
the manner of the helvete look look how
many people the absolute to get through
Fifi's actually felt like that's there
that guys are trooper
oh my god just girls everyone as well
bring the French
that's crazy well we're gonna go and
find some stupid straight-up she's
absolutely freezing cold on my eagle
yeah all right I'll see you guys later
