what race books uh kicks yes oh it's a
cold and crispy morning
it is nearly it's not it's not even 8
a.m. and I am awake and the reason I'm
whispering because Lizzy is kind of
still asleep and we've got probably less
than three hours before we need to be at
the airport and on the plane so let's
get ready back job asked cuppa tea and a
ball of coke with chocolate flakes I
should have really got a haircut before
this trip I look like sanic the crazy
hitchhiker so I'm actually gonna try and
possibly risk out in the place that
we're going I give away I'm gonna risk
maybe getting a heck out there all right
traveling pretty light on this trip I
don't need any warm gear or anything
like that
I don't think touches ear broken up
final checks phone wallet passport
that's the three things I only ever D
when I'm traveling everything else you
can buy on the way goodbye home arts
opinions roof termin√≥ what the heck is
this isn't Terminal 3 where we're going
kevro - we meet for the first time are
you ready for an adventure
oh the sun's out like that the guns are
oh I'm ready let's go
wants my bag didn't get searched what
Lydia's did treating you good for your
last meal in England Burger King yeah
this this is it the last farewell meal
that we're having before we leave to our
next destination the classiest of meals
look at their profile woof I got
openings what's this oh I got a free
food I got free food okay I'll take that
oh my god bless me lotta cheese buddy
help and yeah you better know I'm
playing runescape as well
got a multitask gates closing we kind of
it mm-hmm it's closing and you're just
gonna fuck around like they say yeah is
this is this what you're gonna do in the
controller visiting this is what you
gonna do it's just what you gonna do in
the country we're about to visit just
gonna keep puffing around I hear it
around here I'm gonna keep farting
around
oh I oh and just to let you know we we
don't actually have a hotel but yes
we're boarding the plane right now I'm
gonna go a lot of before let's hope it
works home for the next 12 hours
I didn't think it's gonna be a double
decker 1 but it's not and we ain't
flying your business this time or any of
that shit get on the plane don't bang my
tray table oh god what is this one them
straight through
what's that for this is a phone holder
room touch screen how it is I move it
pray pray for us we see I've seen like
every no skip help I don't want a guide
watch is this is this is kind of weird
Oh May that is bright not so bright no
thank you
okay yeah we're still in Manchester this
isn't this is really isn't seeming too
promising like really I've seen majority
of these and again a lot of Asian films
on this there's a phone called a taxi
driver oh yeah later in a 2049 sponsored
there you go
oh jeez Tom you know antsy not finally
it's terrible but I love y'all I'm gonna
watch
I'm not gos Dom I might watch Murder on
the Orient Express American assassin
yeah I'll watch the huh
go on then that's too I dare you gone
one more fuckin squeal disobey B I'm
gonna throw him out the window it's
bright you said don't bring sunglasses
well as any we're if I could see my
house from here
if I can find my house from here I'm a
genius but you know what goddamn clear
air right now so Manchester England
bye-bye
you'd say year took all the food cars
bin but he has got chicken fill it with
mashed potato and I've got pork with
sauce I don't know but it smells like a
pot noodle so I got this one that's
there do you like it
very impressed with that actually very
very nice salmon and potatoes potato
salad maybe like a big guitars I live
sure Lydia's drinking water and
coca-cola I asked for a Asian ish bid to
have one so go on from Australia
when tutorial I got a snack feast I got
some Christmas that's popping popcorn
stuff banana
I hope and a chocolate orange that is
took to self all of embeds well actually
I took to it so seriously
so sad I was connected to you there I
was playing runescape was like doing
quests and then the Internet's go off
just totally don't work and I can't get
it back online
satay playing I'm about to play 2048 but
I really don't want to play runescape it
was driving me crazy the entire plane
just smell like noodles I was like why
he's going on so I had to answer do you
have noodles in me yes
the worst-looking noodles ever but I'm
so happy with it
yes who cares if the Wi-Fi is down it's
lunch break
may you needs first class when he can
spoon like this
girls I don't know what is gonna try and
sleep now because we've got five hours
left
yeah probably not gonna happen
I'm tired and if your desire to get all
comfy this is how much slept put this
arm up pop out on it and let on it
pretty good little boy whoops Matthew
they're booked for landing soon so going
to be nice and fresh for the day my nice
lovely breakfast which is I don't think
was doodles Wow how did you
oh my goodness me that doesn't even look
real
that just looks fake oh my god beautiful
ranking advice we've made it to conquer
Skull Island I think not leveled by Kong
Skull Island but ours
oh we made it safe from sound s cry my
pretties cry very nice yeah this Cathay
Pacific plane thank you
is hella nice business class is nice oh
babe it looks just like the American
Airlines one minute apart from this one
comes with PSPs oh my god I can't wait
to see Lamas a guy sweating in a band
and a rusty car yeah where we are yet
back there that jumped off the plane and
I was like walking along they're all
waiting for me I was like you waiting
for me he said yet it turns out I met
one of the lads it insomnia down very
young and he's got all these posters
syndicate posters on his waffles and
he's just had his room decorated and
he's just yesterday put the posters back
up so very nice to me even think I've
come all this way on the other side of
the world and I'm convinced to people oh
no we're gonna miss the train imagine if
there's another one in about five
minutes
I wonder where we could be mmm
is there any indication of it whatsoever
no you're the dog not you're the bunny
rabbit
that's clearly not a dog okay whatever
oh you know you're in a foreign country
when there's a 7-eleven whoa God they
were everywhere in Japan oh we need a
red taxi 299 pounds yeah it's like 10
yeah Oh which my mama always makes us do
no to City is where we need to go so
let's get there let's get a green taxi
nope red red god I almost got it wrong
trailer the neck donna Rudes wow that is
actually a really busy McDowell doing
interesting thing I'm seeing on there
it's just the pancakes damn it they've
not got the fall menu on it's just
breakfast menu it's everywhere we've
literally come with the best time of
year and we wait is that is raise your
music grace or can we walk around in
like outfits I'm doing I'm well getting
immersed in this culture planes
it's not like egg
it's cruising along I don't know how
long it's gonna take us together but
biggest error so feeling safe
this really isn't oh my god it is a big
bridge does it go over my No
it just keeps on going tryna tell the
difference is to whether or not it's sea
fog are just pollution but welcome one
gathering is just pollution in the air
hey cap can you smell up I can't express
how it smells so bad
it just purely rotted asshole egg think
of it me it got KFC delivery here or in
like a main road and that guys hanging
out his pants hotel seems very sparkly
it knew like it I legitimately have my
own money
it's got liens all over it harder plane
trumpets syndicate Muniz hotel room for
three nights because we could have got
stay there for a week but we may travel
off to somewhere else but here's a
mirror there's the desk where I'm gonna
be edit in I guess rice krispie treats
oh I'll take that big-ass bed I'll test
if it's comfy in a minute very nice view
by the looks of things
oh steer better city that's very nice a
sony bravia from about 1860 whooping
that but check this out oh my god now
they got no box into a well this is a
bathroom this is a bathroom in it
this is hella nice I am a fan it's it's
it's a am here it's midnight in the UK
so I'm trying to work out what I need to
get my vlog done by so I don't have to
do my blog until like we get back to now
you all at the end of the day here cuz
I'm so far ahead of time like we're in
the future but yeah this is our hotel
room I got we're here for three nights
before we can go somewhere else but oh
yeah no I need to well showing you guys
the hotel room but then I need to end
this because it's a new day here it's a
new darling in Hong Kong
we're in Hong Kong by the way if you
didn't get it for those people asking
isn't Livi Eurasian no she's uh she's
French and yeah her heritage is how
ladies actually half Chinese at our
grandparents a grandparents actually
live out in Hong Kong so we're out in
Hong Kong for Chinese New Year
what we're saying about what got
cancelled is we specifically came out a
just for the fireworks if you have like
the biggest firework display on the
earth and yeah they can't well
respectfully it was because of the the
people who died in the bus crash and
they give it like seven days to maan
them through the city but obviously on
the last day being today it's Chinese
New Year so all the fireworks all the
millions of spent on fireworks they
canceled it all and all the money
instead is being donated to the charity
of the families and stuff are so yeah so
there's a parade and we're gonna go see
the parade tonight at 8 p.m. we should
give me great and we're gonna wander
around and stuff but yeah we're in uh
were in Hong Kong not China for Chinese
New Year to meet her Chinese
grandparents as well how does a I'm gay
fat choy okay bye
kung hei fat Choi it sounds like I'm
saying they're fat but nonetheless I do
have to win the vlog eh live like rain
subscribe and said he oh oh oh it smells
like egg sorry us
