oh it's a cold and Misty day in England
for some reason come await when the
wife's off to work that means it's like
you know help us more at supper 7:00 I
have been up for four hours alright I
was trading stocks leave me alone yes
I'm wearing with his silky robe is
fucking gorgeous and I need a suntan
look how pale I am compared to you look
how bad my mustache is grown back in
look at it I still got back I was awake
with Lydia this monix I just couldn't
sleep whatsoever but the cleaners turn
to put my house at like 8 o'clock in the
morning never done that before I write
whatever was like did you do this as a
prank turns out they weren't supposed to
be but the Queen's have arrived it is
still very frosty and cold outside so I
do not want to leave laying in bed got
my playstation controller setting up my
PlayStation as we speak is it plugged in
is it on yes it is and I'm gonna play
World War 2 on a 78 inch screen the
input light is gonna be disgusting that
means like when you turn like so like
when I get my control like this now I go
like look left it's gonna go look left
and then on the screen it's gonna go
left so it's gonna be massive delay from
turning but we'll give it a go see how
it goes see what turns up yep this is
pretty much absolutely delayed as hell
because like let's see what what I move
it's not like instant it's like a delay
to it but oh my God look how beautiful
it looks on this TV bullshit
they're all odds ups again this is your
fault ever since you moved in I've
somehow gained on socks look what why
why why because so we have to throw them
all away
- charity - charity cuz the charity
needs socks apparently a true story
actually and then I'm gonna buy 100
pairs of the same socks again trust me
like 25 pairs but enough some reason all
my odd socks
look I don't know it makes no sense but
screw it because there was drawn your
side of the bed which was my old sock
drawer that's some reason my dad created
yeah and then when I gave you a drawer
so you could kind of like move in a
little bit we put the odd socks with my
socks and now the fucked
well there's old socks in my socks bras
oh yeah hey you fat shit you get out of
my room
we don't having no poos in there today
she knows did a little Sponge Bob Square
Luger come on no cats
what the hell is this guy good night it
was pranked this morning on it it was a
joke it was wait Tom at 8 o'clock with
cleaners it was a prank qualit You
cheeky little W you know else is just a
beautiful today not just your hat with
new and improved dirt stains on it look
down look at that bike in stage real man
stains but them shoes everyone's back I
need you know what dad sure makes any
original crocks
should we make you specifically your own
type Lydia shoe making these on crack
would you like your mum loads Crocs
shall we make syndicate original Crocs
you know what let's see what five of
Christmas brings you Jesus Christ that
is the ultimate in the English ultimate
human being creation no born just
chicken Wow
Hoss Paul that is the Trafford Centre at
Christmas seriously it just took me like
25 minutes to drive round and find a
parking space behind us this exists
chicken cheese bacon smoky barbecue
chicken
it's not bad but we'll hide ex
destination women's health unit to find
Lydia faith in factors like KFC Double
Down
hey you just said you were gonna tell
them not I just did my outro for
yesterday's vlog being like I don't know
asking what's wrong with my jokes I'm
gonna say them privacy reasons Lydia's
like I've already told my kids at school
don't make me feel but I'm not putting
you on the spot to do this have just
said you want to share you toes you know
what in your own time left side I had
kidney infection and then I got like
three or four younger like I was in the
hospital with them and then kidney
stones so 12 months down the line I got
referred to urology and they checked me
all for kidney stones I had an
ultrasound and a CT scan and then I just
got a letter through the post saying
we've had your results I'm referring you
we're transferring you from urology to
gynecology and that they'd found a cyst
on my ovary it's called doing my cyst
don't google it
my mom had one as well and she would
like oh they have teeth
and they twist and twist around jewelry
which is what causes like pain pain is
almost like Liddy was being stabbed by
not and there's nothing we could do
about it yeah apparently childbirth she
was like asking questions she was asking
the questions the most this picking a
piece of paper
baby Tommy's baby - baby - media's
running around telling the data media so
now and then once we finish the blood
test I found its comfy chair that's good
and then tell us when to come in and
then you'll get the operation don't
they're gonna see if they can do with
the camera keyhole but they don't think
so they like a bikini lines sorry bikini
line opening
and then remove it and once that's
removed
at home for three months three months
she's so you can stay at home with the
cars and I'll bring you dinner every day
well so that that's the lung formula
that's probably the longest clip of ever
film that is minutes I've been like I
said in yesterday's vlog I didn't want
to go oh this is what's happened without
you being okay with it and you being
involved in wanting to tell people what
it is so now you don't and everything's
gonna be okay yeah but that means I
can't play as much to ecology because
she's gonna be at home all day and I've
got fire instead so great I really
really basic bitch tears right and then
I looked I was like make these chairs
look well comfy and what does Lydia
found out the reclining chair this is
how every hospital waiting room should
be completely this we're in the waiting
area clinic one which we should be in
waiting area Blue Room so we're in the
right place yeah we just have to keep
running in the other room checking if
we're available where's my number it's
me ticket ticket number 68 please
I was later for pound sixty parking
ticket ready to rock and roll and go
home I'm hoping yep I think I've just
made it in time I'm hoping that books
left for Steve because Steven needs some
food so let's see if my boys over as
well can hook me up fatty style with
some big old crickets oh my god Steve is
gonna eat good tonight Jesus
not really oh they don't flare up may
trust me at all animals kind of hate me
but hello this is the one with a big
saggy neck whoa it's a dinosaur that is
a dinosaur in it now what done is how's
it based on office'll oh oh
the like brother and sister anything how
much do they go fuck 225
maybe that's one hell of an expensive
lizard how big did he get really really
well I think that came in once before
unseen one get all like at me that's the
thing I mean you kind of want it as a
pet sis so you can see it going but then
you don't want it to be nasty yeah all
right what do you help there's some
sharp claws right there mate Oh mate
that think that's a ninja what we didn't
mean to annoy him I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry I'm so sorry
oh my god I was just saying you want it
as a pet so it's nice and friendly but I
told you animals meanwhile his brother
is that your backpack man I'm so chill
don't give an absolute F I didn't drop
him to be fair I thought he was gonna
stay still a man like that one day but
he just did not gonna be mad some
negative on him oh my lord
okay oh good grab whoa Cameron he's like
a gremlin oh I'm well scared does he
like brilliant like you pounce at me I
don't know oh my God look at that
oh my god I'm more scared okay buddy
ninja LT like a radar ready
look this is like bearded dragon
Adoption Day look how many there is holy
shit there's loads of them well it's a
baby Steve's oh my god I love them
toad headed dragon oh no a gamma sorry I
just looks like a fat dragon
it's not called but we'll do the same
baby Taiwanese name no that looks so
like just nice beautiful really is that
nice
what snake are yeah it's that will not
go for you know he's family
bearded dragons versus snake look what
is it well the well interested ready
dragons British neg hello hello friends
oh did not like him I say if you don't
like spiders look away now
what is it I was looking at that Mexican
fuck yeah what is that
whoops please don't attack me that's it
that's all it does just sits there yeah
it will attack you and yes you can touch
it please attack of is attacking there
he was touching them it looks like a
boxer Don it should be called the boxer
they look like boobs
oh really oh can you believe it's like
half past 5:00 and it's pitch black
outside it's ridiculous you can you
believe it's half past five and my
sister's still at work it's probably
scary I don't want to break the door
look at me look at me
that's the face of pure exhaustion
genius bar day Joyce by day you know
what take the day of tomorrow Alice take
the day of tomorrow at least take the
day off nice new office looking
organized and clean it's having signed
some posters for you
oh Lola what I'm in here Cal I said
eight smells like Carrie and you might
know it's the smell of fresh wood no
please no wait no it's really not some
someone's cooking some of it I just know
you gonna smash my head against the wood
I feel a little shit how good does the
office look look at this
yeah but back room looks like fucking
shit quick there's a fire try and get
out goddamn good obviously I'm not where
he's gonna get much today but you want
to get some link in description Seneca
calm silica calm calm we need that
domain I'm pretty sure EA owns a TA if
you can give it was angry go promote
maybe my promote game for you even
though you also have the Twitter account
for slash syndicate giving me bustards
can look mustache and beard update me
too but it's time to get to that Peter
file look you know what I've got certain
hairs not gonna me other no cuz look
I've still got a bob touch what did i do
as a kid there to have such a bald spot
its she's such a hard worker its sting
security heads-up if you buy a poster
from syndicate regional calm you're
gonna get the chance to get one signed
I'm signing a bunch right now so if you
want one now don't do it I'd serve a
callous is life more complicated I'm
gonna sign five and draw random things
on them and then if you buy a t-shirt
from syndicate original this week you're
gonna get the chance to win one of the
posts this week yeah this one this week
finish is Sunday to the guy who won the
controller by the way I still need to
get someone to ship it out I just
waiting from to change offices to ship
it I've got control of you to ship out
which won't because I know you got a
holiday so come on through dude baby big
baby Luke guy a big baby one of your
name was and don't worry you will get
the controller
I've just gotta get these guys to ship
it because I don't even know how to send
a postcard
alright we're gonna do is a challenge
Cal for these posters to give away is
gonna give me a word and I've got a draw
to the best of her or to the best and
quickest of my abilities what it is and
these are gonna be the post is that
being given away we shirt so there may
be a few here what is the ones draw your
bow
that's that easy all right no wave it's
a wave it's a big wave
look it's a big wow it looks like a
fireball with ice ice these people
jumping off the boat and then and then
and then look this is Jack letting go
and then look and say no it goes big all
dead and it's big brows easy eyes just
cuz I think it looks funny is big or
Greg knows it looks like a success bunch
of drawings and a bunch of different
things if you want to win one you've got
by sure between now and Sunday and if
you do get one of these
wanna see it in a god damn sexy frame on
your wall and if you do that we might
even send you some else for new for free
for not the new yeah what else you just
like I hate my job
no idea razor green blue DL I guess my
dad turned on money online I actually
had those so I guess I could decorate my
house for Christmas even though it's
only 11 you want food don't you look go
fast he's running there oh and I walk
past it if you look closely I'm trying
to type on my search bar but it keeps
doing space bar gaps the entire way it's
for because Steve is got his fat ass on
it so you want to move when I move a
little Bodhi come on
oh my Steve oh he's made me so loud oh
no no no no yeah well you keep pressing
buttons right go yeah come on shuffle
shuffle should be a little fat booty ah
back to the good old days check this out
ladies and gentlemen I've got my zombies
uploaded look at this consistency a week
four days ago a day ago 60 minutes ago
opposed to the new zombies video if you
guys want to check that out
we'll be down description but why I say
this is like the good old days is
because oh god let's tear it out yeah I
puddi you look is so fat at you yes you
are now Steven actually doesn't really a
lot of green food anymore I know it's
just a little fat burger but he doesn't
eat it so I'm assuming he will have no
reason to start attacking my keyboard
cuz there's so many great green light
screen button green brains a green boy
oh look it's all changing green now so
no eat in my grazing gear okay good dog
can I just do a massive shout-out to dr.
naka for subscribing for 43 months a row
oh my goodness me that is crazy thank
you very much for you support brother
yeah this has happened I've now started
minecraft Lonely Island 2.0 there's mob
spawning in so I shouldn't even be like
unpause the game right now the height
ball is going off and I'm star in this
series exclusively on Twitch lowly
Island 2.0 I don't know how long this
first episode is gonna be or whatever
but we're doing it we are doing it just
casually over here streaming there's my
piece into the side and look who's
hiding underneath my piece it's so Widow
like she can chill out anywhere in the
house
she's honestly oh she's never friendly
with me or anything she's like she's
just her own little sassy queen but when
she does she just go oh my god I just
noticed you're there as well where did
you sneak in the reveal busted like I
was just chilling next to a samurai sod
don't make me cut you fat neck oh look
at that shot look at that shot full of
fields I'm playing a syndicate song if
you search on youtube you'll find it
look at the fields emotional you know
you've got dedicated viewers when people
like red monk you've been subscribed for
forty three months in a row bloody hell
good job my friend
good job us absolutely madness got our
asses kicked on this boat good job Roy
bucket is it your right Gadsby miracle
fuck booger III brought Luna down just
to bring her down to bed and Gadsby
raced I would have filmed it raced the
entire way down because he's like we're
going downstairs that means one big food
not today mate already yeah you do know
you'll have to wait till the morning for
your breakfast which is only in a couple
of hours okay okay agreed she's a little
smartypants if you weren't so far and
cared about wet food you could just eat
that stopping you before no I'm good
well I'm considering my job done I
managed to settle you - you seem
complete for the night so I'm gonna
leave you be okay much look I will see
you two in the morning good bye Gadsby I
just say I'm not feeding you stay there
you fat bugger you can't see him but
wait until I turn the flash on oh yeah
following mr. fat bastard follow me
don't just follow your brother because
he's up to no good I'm leaving you to
dominate like 3 o'clock in the morning
go to bed hey a little bit thank you boy
you as well no don't turn around on me
just because your sister's now being
stupid you're like you're like naughty
kids go to bed oh my God look your eyes
well that's scary
well I don't like that at all I hope you
are ready for just pure craziness I'm
about to click render on low Levi the
Lonely Island 2 point 1 which is unsafe
if I close this real quick and don't
render it this video is 3 hours and 9
minutes long oh my lord but I can
guarantee you this is prob
even gonna fail and crash a bunch of
times it's even just not even gonna
render at all because I tried rendering
out and I wanna have gameplay video
today and that gameplay video took me
the video was that I would have long
that took me about four hours to render
this is gonna take over twelve I
guarantee is 60 FPS video for three and
a half hours basically oh my lord but if
you're watching this video right now and
you're like wait a minute some dude I
just hate you say correctly that Lonely
Island is returning the answer is there
is a live version of Long Island turning
which is something that I'm doing it
over on Twitch I'm streaming on
twitch.tv forge that syndicate every not
every single day I'm streaming quite
often like the zombies like multiplayer
all that sort of stuff just cuz I'm
trying to get into a stream schedule
over on Twitch and absolutely like start
crushing it again I know it's been like
forever since I got into a schedule but
you guys have seen me like more
frequently and frequently streaming us
from history ministry and how it just
like I've been playing card and play pop
G and all that sauce to feels like I
just want a game where I can put you
know like time and effort into something
and have it like pay off so I was like
how do you minecraft but then the
problem isn't playing hard course if I
die I'm out so if you don't know what
Lonely Island is it's where I start on
an island and I have to complete a set
load of objectives and I'm not allowed
off this island I have to kind of like
survive it we're out of food I'm dead if
I die I'm dead and it's over so I'm
gonna do Longway island season 2.1 I
know you might be like wait what there's
a two point what's the - why is there a
two point one you'll see and yeah first
episodes going up on the channel three
hour and a half hour video everyone's
you be like I got a three knife hours to
watch I know you don't but it's piece of
content that I want to keep on my
channel to go to look back in the future
so yeah there you go everyone finishes
rendering and uploading and I'll be sure
to let you guys know and link it in the
description you'll see it on the main
channel buh-bye oh boy yeah it's it's
been rendering like approximately so for
a lot per 1% it's been going for 48
minutes and it's not even done 1% so
well it's not been going for it it's
gonna take 15 minutes per 1% lon totally
forgot to show you how amazing Whittier
is right so you know like how I say like
oh my god you know she's amazing she
gets me like cocktail sausages ham like
she's basically just fatten me up like
little puddings and stuff basically
snacks and stuff for when I'm streaming
well
there's this is also what she got me oh
she got you a monster
no she's even better than that Lydia got
me an entire crate of monsters but not
only that because she went to Costco
she got me when I get on the when I got
a train to travel down to London when I
got the train they hand out these
pretzel
lilius saw them I bought me an entire
bag of the pretzels this woman's gonna
get me so goddamn far but oh my god she
is completely wife goals and that's why
I call her my wife but again for the
record I'm not married I just call my
wife because I absolute species and
she's amazing but it's like now five
o'clock in the morning so I need to go
to bed I think I've just I was thinking
of making myself a little hot hot milk
before I went to bed but at the same
time I don't think I should be snacking
because if it's knocking all day and I
tell you what mate
then pounds are riding on so I need to I
need to get my shit together and start
working out so until tomorrow ladies
enjoy thank you very much for watching
make sure you leave a like rating the
Razr greenplum who will be with you I
can't change that swag or call out one
for some reason my dad just chose green
but I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next day oh my god and until
then make sure you click the subscribe
button the ding dong you're not with
Kelly keishon bell next to it and
hopefully you'll never miss a video from
my face and until then thank you very
much for watching make sure you follow
me on Twitch or when I'm streaming your
next minecraft zombies or whatever it is
and yeah we'll see how things put out so
enjoy the three-and-a-half hour stream
video being released when it's out so
yeah that's probably gonna take about
nine weeks so it's all done thanks for
watching understudy
