hey guys in here and basically this is a
little topic about bathroom I don't want
it's not run I'm gonna try and refrain
from it being around bricks just kind of
a chart I see if you're watching my
bottle sizes up in I do this is a
full-time thing now I do pay attention
to what you guys say and it seems a lot
of people seem that I try and play
battlefield like Call of Duty incorrect
basically on battlefield 2 alphabet
company so I always am a little bad
company as well I always played medic
for some reason I just realized playing
it let's not be a few molecules in a few
more points medic
I'd love reviving my teammates here in a
moment a tricky situation pick him up we
could get back in the game so we don't
lose a ticket for our team you don't
know what to kids don't want it's like
losing a point in or whatever for a
killing team that much of something and
so in the game place you've seen I'm
usually the person who's really behind
enemy getting like a quad spray or
something on top just because it's
something really awesome to put in a
video for you guys but outside
whereas if you saw me just giving you
people medic sets and beef ribbon and
that kind of stuff you know it's not
like the best funniest thing in the
world to watch where I just do see like
a quad spray are really good snipe you
know something lies you know a lot of
what I like and also a lot of people ask
why do I use a scope on a sniper just
for the simple fact is it's got suede
without weight it's just like pretty
much dead off and it's just amazing but
yeah the comments were like you know you
just seem to be the player who goes
going enemy you know it just goes be
cooked like kill feeds that kind of
thing and I just like yeah because when
I'm defending the enemy has ticket so
you've got to kill the enemies
semi-times tickets whereas if I'm just a
medic I'm supporting a teammate to get
them kills to basically do what I do it
whereas I managed to be able to solo
while still in a squad cuz I got my
squad up in the light dependent and do
whatever but when it's not my job as a
medic with my squad I just go around the
enemy get a quad feed and that means
they've lost board they're up on
particular for them to get that
objective if you don't understand
battlefield don't worry you know like if
you see me talk about building the title
you don't have to watch it but if you
haven't watched in the really good
videos the ballot ah geez I've got a lot
of laws to come and I've got the
battlefield to come so if I get
criticized on the battlefield you know
and you know don't worry
I just say it's about fail deal with it
oh my god Oh watch it broke well really
and it's line number anyway say I get
distracted by too much stuff I need
everything God's and I just need like a
blank wall I thought but then I probably
like started angry birds and stuff aha
but yeah that is pretty much everything
don't worry I'm not like disheartened by
what people said I'd say come to
comments you know I'd rather reply to a
lot of people you've got like blah you
know to come a lot I don't reply to it
just like you know what this is the
truth about it they've got tickets we
need to get it down and if I'm defended
it doesn't mean I have to stand next to
my bomb I'd rather push the enemy back
to their spawn and then we can do a
better job defending our area by killing
them at their spawn which is kind of
spawn killing but if the enemy are not
good not as good as a team to be able to
push out the spawn trap that's their
problem that you know so that kind of
thing but yeah that's what I'm just
saying you know so if you do see me make
sure you always check if I'm attacking
and you only see me going for United
kills that's just because I'm trying to
help my team move up because if you're
quite the bombs cook the bomb parts are
alright the bomb we're gonna call them
the bomb places points here the spawn
points where they are we've gotta get to
them and if there's like 16 me enemies
there and I've got to get my over three
squad members up there then I'm going to
take out all them and let my team move
forward to get in there so don't worry
I'm not just a person who jumps in at
Cod it's a totally different game from
Cod and it hasn't you know picked up
things from college you it College but
then again colleges picked up some
things from bar fill that kind of thing
the phone ringing dumped so that's just
just let you guys know you know that I
am a team player don't worry I've got
like a mass mass mass score of alpha by
competent medic search just cuz I really
enjoyed doing that on their mother and
sniping but now you can take this girl
profit sniper so it's amazing but yeah
that's just pretty much everything just
to clear that up and I felt should be
coming soon I'm just still rifling
through the the entrance videos to I'm
pretty much accepting most of them even
some that I'm not like the best of
quality but you know I'm going to try
and make them as good as quite as I can
let my improving them but yeah anyway
that's it's been really good and yeah
that's everything I'm just gonna quickly
show you that my controller came I don't
know
remember if you you are subscribe
subscribe to this channel is not my new
control game and just have a look at
this if it said on
oh it's Wyatt okay listen up I'm Alice
fuck you like so you know and that's
cool and I really like it I'll do a
proper review that's it but it's just a
secret for you guys on this channel
because you know this is my chill back
channel where I'll just chatter you guys
say about everything but yeah Barfield
is really different and like I said you
know I'm going to do a video talking
about well I'll tell you I'd say that do
not George but feel but company free on
the beta yeah because a lot of people
like I've decided cuz the babes but I'm
not gonna buy it you know and it's a
game I don't like he's just because of
the map if you play Metro if you know
I'm a choice if you've ever played the
beta you start outside and a lot of
people are even really good at defend it
you know so did the team will manage
till I push forward into subway system
and it's in the back area outside but I
suggest like if you do play a track it's
a subway system that's our stuff and out
to the back buildings and you'll
massively enjoy it plus Caspian border
it's a big open that way so instead of
it just being one route you've got a
team to work your way down it you can't
go like all the way around like a
springboard it you can actually go all
the way around so it's like a domination
when you've got jets helicopters tanks
that kind of thing and so you guys see
that then you'll understand how much of
a great game is and then you'll be able
to judge it so just wait till the four
games out if you want see if you want to
hold off until the four games out then
you know I see gameplay on my channel by
all means doing and if you haven't done
so already subscribe to this channel and
syndicate projects and you'll see
gameplay when it's out and starts pretty
much everything and yeah so don't worry
I don't just be that lone wolf I'm a
massive team player and you always see
me in a squad that's why you can always
hear you talking to certain people when
I'm playing I'm not so tough if you
don't hear people talking to me that's
because I'm even listening to music and
I can upload the audio of it so I have a
team player
don't worry bark are you
the lone wolf cousin cat was relying on
my teammates and that goes new zombies
as well unless I know one plane with a
really good zombie boy yeah I'm kind of
a lone wolf to be honest that's why I
play solo but I hope you enjoyed these
guys I've been syndicate and if you did
and do support my bar target maybe why
not give this video a like it's up to
you guys I don't force anyone anything
on this channel it's just the chill
channel so how you do this video guys
adios
