so it's a new video wall I don't think
it's a bit much company it was opposed
to wall but I decided that way it's
about so many poses to its in it though
that's over from most of them anyway
well two of them SLI basically that one
more free one and that one
he's from you book ever that I got which
is pretty cool I did have loads of
posters to put up I like to fill this
entire Wow every time I get to the video
really well every time I go somewhere
from with a cool poster this one here
which is really good I can see that pop
like whatnot is actually an arene firing
able to offer an electric shock of
background the teleport or a direct do
Rhys Rhys I don't how to say it properly
like zombies in the background Cal
hounds and a kind of stuff black ops
posted from the launch of black ops and
that one I just got from a shop as well
as that one and I do have a Rihanna
poster down man but to say this is
gaming I've got a picture reality I'm a
I don't think that we all too well on
video that would because it's quite
boobalicious but anyway and I hope you
like that I'm just thinking like what do
you guys think at that jerk and I should
add some more posters to hold some small
one so I can put in the gaps up there
but just a book it's like some gaps on
the wall and everything I don't want to
fill I feel that I would post is real
thing to be pretty cool idea just go see
what you guys thinking if you've got a
good poster I should I hope they like a
certain games and venue on this ball but
how although but I think that's pretty
cool under it news with me like what's
going down so I don't leave that all the
way because I wanted to just get up
there we go in some cool news I'm really
over everything and I use a lot blu-tac
that's that's obviously you can tell
it's not one poster it's like squares
and that sends me back rude Rick another
youtuber and you file I'll give you a
poster like okay that's not be a big
poster of your face is something but
anyway you set it up so that was super
cool I must say thanks to him and oh god
no but I suppose they don't really have
oh damn um yeah she she she's but yeah
on the main channel with the zombies the
Minecraft for store bday like Excel
people I see that daily which seems to
get bigger audience
every day every day and with the zombies
they push them up there every day for
you guys check out because I know what
if you think about it you know that big
big youtubers that million subscribers
or whether they'll load one video weekly
for all the subscribers to see it like
all them and move on to the next one
before the start Symphony but with that
one because that they're like my big
videos what I do with them is I actually
like leave them up for two days as the
featured video where people can come on
a channel watch it once you finish
watching that in two days then the next
video bill so it's every other day that
a custom zombie videos we hope that's ok
in everything if you haven't seen
already out bot link in the description
to it but yeah that's pretty much
everything guys and this is my first day
I'll put my posters up I've done some
work on the computer I've rented out all
my videos we've got some more minecraft
Eagle and record no thoughts of that
exam votes go on an epic journey he
rocks a scriptorium on minecraft that
you should know where I'm whereabouts I
am left pretty cool I blow the mission
episode got on the new channel on the
big channel as well and I've got some
really really funny you know clip sent
in for the battle talk battle fail I was
honestly actually the sterics last night
I was just sat there watching them and
one of the ones I just that's a like
like in favor and just message to guys
he knows one of the funniest clips I've
ever seen on youtube because he was
doing a live commentary over this clip
and I'm gonna keep the audio in it
because whilst actually doing it this
guy walks but like a giraffe neck which
is just like so funny you'll see in the
battlefield I make sure I point out more
than the rest
see it's hilarious and or if you've
still got clips that you are sending for
battlefield let me let me know by
sending it is a video response to do you
want to be in battlefield video there's
like three videos but I'll be like an
internalization good there boy there
because I'm actually so far away instead
of being like there I've got a like
breach like so but up Google that way
look that way yeah that way you know the
most anyway
yeah someone was like you see if it's
giving up I don't seem yourself a super
skinny that I know it's not a lot of
muscle I'm not my room be cake I don't
do muscle but look well what I don't do
like doing weight when it's in my IRA I
ran my bikes and you would think that
that mean I have big muscles on my legs
no Luke no problem they just don't grow
I honestly pump pump ride in as high as
I can like in the highest gaze up hills
all the time I'm like come on keep doing
it like it'll pay off but it doesn't if
anything just gets my endurance up and
doesn't grow muscle girls so I don't
know must be just me the way my body
works but anyway some like you look like
your twin girls I want I don't wake up I
like get a twig next to him like this is
Rupert Pocono just Snapple something
that's everything Albert's went on to
the bank and then to the post office
hopeful hopeful hopefully my new
controllers that cause that's quite
awesome put it I'll show them controls
I've got now actually alright this is
the one I use to my computer
dick is is going to use from a pitchfork
obviously I've got cooking fish for you
control that be quite cool this is the
only use for my xbox at the moment but
then I went and got this the Giz wall
just because it's simply what beast and
I really like it and it feels cool but
if you've noticed on my own the judge
takes what this one's different and this
is actually got really better if I take
a look look amazing I was coming up so
handles zooming in really well and a lot
of the d-pad as well its got like a
twist function d-pad will run look see
that it like should do that but blue not
great video okay review that look better
two different sense you cannot work with
a lot is it at least accountant one
sticks it and whilst it was about start
blowing monitor lowing them on mowing
the lawn mowing on inside but yeah but
from that I've got new controller on
which
pretty cool psychic animal control I
like you guys see when I get that and I
nearly had a disaster today the internet
went down and I was like what the first
day because right I lit up the flight
explaining of a video boy a lot of
people like one one doing everything I
was like this is like full-time thing
for me which is really cool like I've
got like loads of opportunities coming
don't think I'm just gonna be like
setting this office back at first I'm
like no don't worry
I got like round the world round the
world trips to go on and stuff haha and
I've got loads of cool plan videos for
you guys and look three things for you
guys shush secret okay so should be fun
I look forward to doing that that's been
pretty much everything oh yeah but the
internet went down to it and no one ever
finished stories I I know okay I just
know I gotta go off on one all the
targets and you okay so basically the
internet went down I had a phone line so
it was either I had a phone line or then
and I needed the phone line so I was
waiting for a phone call but I need made
it that more so I had to knock down Lee
and it took me about three obviously I
mean back up the day of my struggle the
Minecraft video but and yeah this is the
first day of the rest of my gaming
career full-time which is really awesome
and somebody can we might see buttman
head a lot not leave look like hello
I preferred lead over much I could just
like aim the camera down is that bad but
then you can see like my playstation and
stuff yeah I've actually got a
PlayStation how weird is that I've got
to actually Josie um a second this
actually keep it in the drawer down
there I would show you but it is long -
right
but like I've got on my GoPro man so
there's a HD your promo
that's a chest one another how people
there's some for anyway
yeah that's every good just keeping you
guys in farm like I said I'm going to be
doing deal with vlogs on this channels
and I keep your day one boom I'm going
to go and do dip go to nasal and so hope
you've enjoyed this video if you have
let me know leave a rating if you want
to if you just like seeing videos little
things I'll be using this bubble
let's go do some like little vlogs and
about learn from vista people and
seriously if you don't shut that up for
all this at you know something I don't
know if she may like I think she just
stood outside my house hold it in the
air to piss me off
but anyway guys that's been everything
I've been syndicate like you're ready to
stop this and pieces of paper haha god
yeah
I haven't had Luke is a 4 8 is not mean
it's an unknown sponsored by Luke is it
but I haven't had to except for 8 is the
reason be I was on holiday when they
sent of delivery and I got home and I
had six of these delivery notes so they
came six days in a row but no it was
like the week and then the Monday they
came every day to deliver it and then in
the end they just said Luke is a de
facto Luke is it so that kind of sucks
oh and without Luke as aids now so
hopefully Lucas it'll send me some the
and we follow me on Twitter some reason
it overrode me
tamio was a brave dragon too hard they
broke it so horrific
so anyway that's been everything thank
you and it's pretty cool do you let me
know what the back
