I was going guys city ka and welcome to
the new syndicate central channel and
remember like what is it what's it going
to be what's gonna load it's gonna
basically what I want to or blogs like
they tell you about stuff do Roger on a
day because this is now a four time
thing for me and with a lot of events
that popped up and everything like the
College of course I chose that I was
doing at the time it's an IT course
bought from George get out of it weren't
exactly something or whites jump into so
like you know a career wise so I made
this assume what that I'm gonna be
putting good effort into YouTube right
the quality is increased on the videos
instead of it being now like a pixelated
image it's now the best court you can
ever see well I can make a suppose which
is a caliper give me better call it
videos back high arounds and new
challenges for you guys try week so I'll
try and keep you guys involved in it
daily vlogs hopefully I'm gonna say
every other day my craft videos daily I
need to keep on top of that and
basically being able to keep on top of
everything that I need to do and then
there's a job like as to what I want to
do in the future I am what I do games
design like development the storyline
behind a game what's in the game
everything like that basically you
design the game the story like
everything and then you send it to a
company that will review and then you
can become like the project manager the
thing that kind of stuff but you know
I'm not going to into that that's for
the future if it's something I decide I
want to do so gasps Eric and welcome to
the new channel we just hit a thousand
subscribers already and feeling pretty
confident about this guys in yeah just
let me know if you guys want to see like
a daily vlog back or do like neither do
I get some stuff most of you'll probably
just give you an update what I've been
up to you know just have a little chat
down to EV see how your days been that
kind of thing but yeah it's very from
from you guys hope you've enjoyed this
I've been trying to stop this without
looking like I'm painting much attention
over there but anyway good speak to you
oh you're all okay and see you later
