ah the dragon gets you I'm going to drag
it you bloom now no morning Luna has had
a medicine everyone has been fed if
you're warm if you warm up the waffles
for 20 seconds they're delicious to love
you oh I look Lydia didn't offers to two
million whilst Lydia's amazing she's
been buying these and put them in the
fridge to me so I don't have to go to
Starbucks what see why my dad has
cleaned oh my god so you know the cat's
good Moni cats they were playing right
now cleaned up all the beanbag balls
even those one that clean them all up
the table looks absolutely beautiful and
what did you do what did you do he moved
the beanbag into there the cats went
running in and reopen this wait wait did
the cats do this did you did you come in
through this door this morning so this
wasn't here this was in there innit and
the cats have gone on it and shook it
who did it wait I wish a ristic I see
where she use me little one
did you ruin the big bugs did you do it
good morning good morning little square
patch how are you doing
oh my god look a little Luna bed oh
she's so cute
right you can break whatever you want
you can poop on as many sofas as you
want you know why cause you've been a
good girl well done well done God and
pedestrians okay walking towards the
barbershop fingers crossed it's not full
yep I look like even younger Tom now but
you know what
I look better than before I look like an
even younger version of me but it's time
to get video edited for the main channel
and I think I'm gonna oh the video where
I first in bumped into the zombie boss
let's get the little shower me so let's
see how this goes you've seen me wearing
mountain bike gear before you like used
to the jerseys all this stuff but let me
show you what I'm wearing today the team
jersey that we are rock and roll yeah
absolutely fine my shots that usually
were there but what a fitting underneath
it is a pair of jogging bottoms that I'm
wearing just to keep my legs warm
awesome running sucks' freezing cold
outside and I've got like comfy like
padded ass cheeks on to keep like you
know some I basically saw my ass is nice
and comfy okay while I'm riding a bike
but look how fat my ass looks with how
much gear I've got I guess it's a good
like good bit of promo for a syndicate
original on the back end there but oh my
god do I look grab all my gear I am
going riding but I won't see my uncle
Sean first because he has a new rifle he
wanted to show me a pistol or something
I might not be able to show you guys for
security reasons but I'm going to take a
look at it so good boy go outside let's
go say late really it's fucking like hot
puss oh look at this guy nearly
pitch-black already so I got my lights
on the back so people can see me and
hopefully not hit me ride in no hands on
my electric bike at 40
I'm getting up to 70 miles per hour come
on come on okay maybe 16 and a half side
you're on that side so long see Alice
you see should go figure
Alice has got biscuits on a desk I
managed to bring my bike in here into an
already crowded office I'm like this is
chaos look at how much stuff we got
lying around everywhere oh my lord
I'm so happy though it's so good I'm so
proud of you well done I'm gonna take
the bike out of the shop now and go on a
bike ride I'm very proud of you for
moving into your new shop well don't
congrats well don't high-five I will
help you this week if you'll be working
from it since tomorrow no I know you did
but in bed sleeping so you're gonna be
here tomorrow all coming out tomorrow
okay okay
okay well you guys look so more of it
what is that all of you the wife of
Alice you just fucks you up and doesn't
even know about it you know drink before
we go riding bud did I used to cook I
used to come in here when I used to stay
at my dad's house and he'd be out on
bike rides on a Friday night I used to
come in to this fridge Niccolo de beers
in my backpack got meso get fucking like
good on this Reis then were the days
then were the days now I'm still in
bottles of apple an elder voila I was
actually gonna go pro tonight but then
my dad brought a good idea of its pitch
fucking black even with torches you
won't be able to see anything you'll be
able to see anything so just just see
this me going from clean perfectly clean
no mud on me whatsoever nice and fresh
the bike is dirt exciting clean from
last time grams brand-new bike looking
deliciously sexy then nothing that's
been nice it's all just gonna look
absolutely filthy so here's like that
before before before give us a rotation
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah and then you'll
see afterwards layups Wow look at this I
could have brought a GoPro this looks
sick this is like great promotion for
syndicate original link in the
description like yeah and I can just
film your ass the entire ride this is
awesome we started with a beautiful
beautiful sunset oh now you turn up I'll
go by oh my arm bastard a bike but I can
get drunk all right whatever
what's this done set your healthy bikes
dodge agiza then there were two ion no-3
that camera's silver the 18 that's a
good I like that
this is why he could have ride look it
got bit by something that big is that
big fucking sword is it kept us for this
morning and that's a I'm not gonna wait
so wait how did you get back bit by it
last week but only just noticed it now
it was on noise buddy
yes notes don't on Sunday and what you
think you've been bit by the chat map
water up here past life anyone thinks
that's just aids no we love you Sean
we do we love you Sean we do and he's
left well I saw Sean's new gun today I
could say Oh didn't I alert him all on
my face like I said I couldn't show you
guys they're gone just the security
lesion the last time I showed a gun he
got his guns take nothing by the council
by the government so he's got a new
pistol and I think next week we're gonna
go to a shooting range of pirates so I
should be pretty interesting it's an
m1911 but when you buy a pistol in the
UK now like this say this is the size of
the pistol that's illegal you have to
have extension pieces on it so the
barrel has to be like half of four and
then you have to have a metal piece
coming off the back of the handle so you
have to have like four four so that the
pistol by law has to be a 2 4 done is
he's take to four it has to be two for
the pistol the pistol overall the size
has to be 2 foot long it makes no sense
but you'll see it next weekend I'll
explain it then goodbye now goodbye dad
oh my grams goodbye now goodbye love you
I forgot to do that before and after Tom
give me give me a turn around let me see
your ass let me see your ass oh yeah
beautiful money said look dude
you betcha I can't tell whether it's
kind of clear on your asshole or do it
look at how filthy we'd come back
absolutely full of shit show this what
we do I buy rice we just go out and get
filthy I started off this is me and Tom
need to get home the wives are like we
gotta get back as fast as possible like
I said I couldn't show you Shawn's gun
tonight even though I've seen it but
we're hopefully gonna fire it next
Wednesday
yeah
I'm not I didn't film any of it why
about talking about yours gong dolls we
say 2 min and they'll come to see me
again
listen he's been identified again no you
got it Shawn doesn't have any guns all
right is it shod you don't like guns do
you know you like sons why would you
even use a gun
fuck guns I raced home as fast as
possible and the wife is letting me in
if you like to like a married man like
my dad right now
can you open the garage door babe that's
what my dad says to Gayle when I said to
you can you open the guy's door babe
that's like what my dad says the game
thanks a lot man boom boom best wife
ever
oh my god bro not always just arriving
really cute notes if you've never had
from a Chinese Chinese chippy you need
chips curry sauce oh my god
stay right little fat bastard do you
know your oh sorry thought the gods
beats Luna this dish oh there is look I
talked about food he's like I saw dude I
saw I saw I saw that this dish is one of
the favorite things from a chippy of all
time now they do you introduced me to it
and it's hands down
incredible girl well idea dear Luna
balloon what are you doing you okay your
brother is actually for once sat not fat
but you look really fat what you're
doing dude why are you doing
no you're an upside-down floating cut oh
I get it
she's scratching myself oh legend
finally got around to watching the film
home is pretty good enjoyed it not gonna
lie but oh my God look at this little
fat booger
are you a little cat in a trophy stand
and you were little cat in a trophy
suggests you are it's like I'm they gave
me the gas so I'm looking at the castle
little fat cats pee I hope your little
testicles effects themselves in there
five three hours not one minute of the
three hours at the come over blog we
love you and then at the end we showed
them a little bit of attention they were
like oh we can
moved another being all that whoa cats
cats bees like see how it's doing I've
been uploading a video pretty much all
goddamn day gave me video that's
supposed to be live at like 6:30 tonight
and it still has an hour and 50 minutes
to go 62% uploaded bloody hell the fact
is taking like four five hours to upload
man this thing was supposed to be
uploaded ages ago but you know what my
houses got potato internet i like jail
would you expect any less so beyond
tired right now this has been like three
days in the row well I just have not
been sleeping properly and I've not even
playing video games that much in between
each one of these but I'm currently in
the hospital don't worry don't panic
it's not about me it's about Lydia you
guys remember we came in here with Lydia
a while back to do some tests and stuff
oh we got the results back from a test
and we're back here to talk about the
results from the tests I don't know a
lot of people been asking like oh what's
going on what's the situation I'm not
happy to share any information unless
Lydia's having to share information and
until we get further information down
the line as to like what the plan is and
all that sort of stuff I don't really
want to like talk about it so I'm sure
we'll let you guys know about it
eventually but just till then please be
respectful and understand that and we're
just dealing with it ourselves I thought
I would just say it's like it's not the
end of the world that lady's not gonna
die tomorrow or anything like that but
it is kind of serious so I know the two
contradictory statements but I'm being
quiet as I'm in a hospital so yeah sorry
for being very vague about it but you'll
find out more later on so sorry about
that for act when today's vlog is
heinous I'm in the hospital and I need
to get this video uploaded as soon as we
can get rock and roll so thank you very
much for watching make sure you leave
the rut like great and leave the Lydia
sand positive comments down below
because she always reads my comment
section she's quite awesome she has a
YouTube channel called the real wife of
the real wife of Tom and she replies to
youtube comments sometimes so make sure
you leave a comment wishing her some
love
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. to the
next daily vlog until then hopefully
I'll look more awake in the mustache
it's returning
