good morning Steven the bearded man from
Australia which like he's Australian
good morning kitty cats from friends
because Oh
Scottish cats Oh who's oh look we're
getting fed oh gods boom a I'm so sorry
to tell you mate but you're not allowed
any food you're gonna get your bollocks
chopped off instead okay it's a freezing
cold morning England the cat's like one
I had to go and get the cat passport
because it like literally tracks every
sort of Y operation anything vaccine
Nevada anything sell for what I forgot
that you would have kept bollocks for an
extra like week something so it's time
ago you ready you ready where pets come
first tell you is that testicles don't
know what's more traumatizing coming
here to get their testicles removed or
Luna not enjoying being in there with
Gatsby Gatsby this is great adventure
and she's just like I just want to sit
here and be quiet p.m. you know and to
find out how much the bugger is put
on I got I guarantee like 400 he's going
upon oh oh keep my free damn does be
your father he doesn't want to admit
that he's fight is running away to point
free free I'm sure you'll like 1.7 yeah
you you've put on just less
than a full kill your bugger
I told you you had no neck we only feed
him still wide think I saw che add a
sort of thing but this guy always tries
and steals her nose next food you know
come on come on use boot most cats hate
coming to the party was it issues yeah
he's just like a way to adventure well
she she knows he's got no brain cells
where she knows something's going down
alright I'll see you later okay you're
gonna be a change man you just stop
pissing on myself or and stuff and I get
back it really actually check no is it
like an immediate change temperament
changes like because I think when he
peed in my cinnamon dear today I'm
pretty sure that was like
yeah cuz it's like a quits yes VP Luna
see you later okay yeah oh I've never
seen a look so sad even though she
permanent looks sad because there is all
the time
meanwhile this guy does not care and
it's like it okay bye now I was
expecting to wait there for like half an
hour for it to be doing something I
thought it'd be like a people that quick
procedure but come back in like five
hours or something bloody hell but gods
me should be a changed man and Luna well
she's just still gonna be a sassy
bastard so oh my god really grumpy cat a
selection they made so much money off
this sad looking cat why couldn't moon a
look really sad well actually Lyn looks
at all the time so I was leave it to
that she's just sassy she's just like a
little yeah you're my bitch anyway get
some cat food and stuff like that and
head home it is looking beautiful now
that's either a cop cat or something or
other because why the friggin hell is it
got the world's biggest satellite
antenna on the roof
I'm so confused get McDonald's breakfast
because I've not had one for ages fresh
air in this room it's just been a fest
of just gaming dirtiness and I've loved
every second of it however I've just had
some interesting news this is a weird
one but the vet just rang me and he said
hey not like they spoke at me for like
two minutes straight telling me that hey
your car you know getting them spayed
today droits go ahead with a spin we can
go for a scan when I get a scan we can
do the check because what we need to do
a check on and I like the entire time
was what we need to get a check done on
your cat to make sure whether or not the
lumps in her belly are just poop just
poop all the kittens now so people might
be like like oh you've got kittens
Tom you got to keep the kids now the
problem is Gadsby living a brother and
sister who not be keeping any kittens no
matter what if they have him like they
I'd made the call to get rid of them and
they said that he's so early on that
they're tiny tiny and he could be
kittens and he could be people I know
some people might be a but no it's like
I'd live it all that sort of stuff but
listen we don't need any more cat so you
don't really give any way any cats or
anything like that it's just not the
scenario we want to be in we have got
the cat's neutered as soon as possible
throughout their life like they were
like bring him into surgery cows like
will do let me know they were like oh
wait this has already bringing in got a
new word because the fear was that they
might start making each other now what
I'd say is Gatsby literally have not one
stage ever acted like their their minds
mate with each other never caught him
doing it never caught Luna walking
around like like tear my dad's catwalk
try going me me me be like
really it was really weird she just
walked around asking to be all
the time it it was one of the most
surreal experiences I've ever witnessed
of an animal
whereas Luna just keeps herself to
herself and he's not interested in
Gatsby at all he's fat he has no neck
why I can't be interested in that no
neck bastard anyway I looked super tired
by the motifs that have all about two
hours sleep but yeah the vets wrangle
Parnassus me not and I did and they said
would you like us to continue with
neutering Gadsby and luna and obviously
gatsby yes muna yes but they're gonna be
cautious and let me know at the very
last minute whether or no it never
whether or not it is poop particles or
whether or not it is actually curtains
so it's kind of sad because I didn't
want to have this phone call I know this
is a long talk but I was thinking I just
wasn't expecting that phone call but I
know it's the right decision
so yeah weird one today very well hop up
in the bay got potatoes not joking yes I
do
literally
trying to be a good boyfriend today
taking care of the cats going to see
live you're at work for lunch break
scene as though I stayed up all night
playing video games so she didn't stop
over in my house so I'm taking her
jacket potato with tuna Mayo and we're
gonna have lunch together because I'm
too like that and if you're gonna judge
me
who's left right what the heck
look what is this you're you is this all
your work Monday the six of the other
handbag very nice learning objective to
learn facts about angles where's your
dog that's a dog that's a dog your
favorite place no that's not your
favorite place then the crumpet place
hey the show gouge Oh follows your
favorite place would you okay whatever
you say date when you sat down what'd
you say tell you as well so they're not
let's breathe so she was like the way
she she may have been complicated on the
phone until I broke you down said it
could even be poo bought you don't think
it's poo it could be babies and they
were like we can pay an extra 80 quid to
scan it and at this point I was like
they're just trying to get extra money
out of us I know it's like peso on but I
was like they're just trying to get more
money out of us but that but then there
was LIBOR I don't recommend a scan
because we know we don't know if it
would it would probably tell different
people baby because if we say it's so
small so the decision is is like did it
continue on with a spray which is Kameny
word I spoke to Gail and we both agree
yes
if there's babies and there'd be removed
they'll be fighting like not even see
could potentially be pregnant booking
no-neck busted some kids are strangling
each other in the playground I don't
know he's a kid at that age I think you
feel like you're an adult but then when
you're you hear it from a distance when
you're older they were stronger with
each other in the playground well you
kids doing sell it on a 1b Warren rust
not bloody playground fights and then
mature me decided to just let the kids
know to subscribe to I don't understand
and a shout out to anyone else you
spreads the word of subscribing to life
of Tom on YouTube who's the the smartest
kid perished what there's a Harris Y and
Harris a ooh these kids absolutely
killing it what does he get 12 books oh
it's a reading book read 25 books
where'd you get a prize oh my god
Star Wars lunchbox that kid wins
oh no this kid wins this kid wins the
incredible yes
Avengers perfect just an FYI I had an
action man lunchbox if you had anything
other than that then you were not on my
level leave a comment down below what
lunchbox you had Lydia and all the
teachers are trying to work meanwhile
I'm the DJ
this is how you like useful I am to the
school random but legitimately fell
asleep in two chairs killed together in
a ball but two hours Libya was doing
like some work back here hour and a half
sleep so I was just like I need to pass
the hello
so I went in there for 20 minutes knit
light nap before I went and picked up
the cat I fell asleep two hours at least
I was in the head teachers office though
so I have to go pick up the kittens I do
not know the outcome we lunar so what
the way it's a time to collect the
kittens in a bunch of way myself lady
over here says 180 oh god yeah you well
well shut over now is a last time I was
in America about you and I have to go
away my son was 155 163 God I'm putting
on the pounds
alright so I'm enjoying the good news
luckily she was not pregnant so that's
great that's exactly what we weren't
here wasn't pregnant
it was just poop what a fall scare but
you know what I'm glad I'm glad she's
okay with a little baby I've been so
upset
look at her be like I'm so ready but
she's okay thank goodness everything
went dead smooth just got give Luna some
like medicine in her mouth every five
days okay hey guys no you okay he's like
what did you do to me I know something's
wrong
hey buddy I see little booger nothing's
changed even after your operation and
it's time to leave are you okay in there
yes you are oh just as I'm walking out I
was talking to the vets about how they
do all and how the how they've been ads
dog and cat to be
let's be free walk he did a big yellow
sick no please okay so they said he
throws up again I've got to ring him
straightaway but he just did a he just
did a big stick up inside the aside the
carrying thing they said it should just
be like maybe he's just nervous of being
moved around but keep an eye on him
I've come to get a Starbucks to wake me
up and look were you doing were you
doing we doing in there
you managed to sneak out just as I was
pulling up so I'm gonna leave him in
there and see what he gets up to whilst
I leave whatever you do don't you dare
take a poo the back of my car if you do
we're gonna have problems okay I'm gonna
have problems
come on come on come on I need I don't
know pick your cuz you know go up this
way come on
catch me and we've made it to the shop
because it's moving in day isn't that
right little girls be what day is it
good morning nice to see you're awake
I'm gonna leave you in there because you
were really sore and temperamental
whereas this guy's a bit more I don't
know flexible not really you're not
allowed to jump either but you just you
just had a little testicle removal
session which apparently isn't really
that hard or her T whereas hers and
she's been scarred I know I know you
feel bad for your sister don't you
I've been looking after me I mean look
up to more important things
yeah maybe I should have shared that
information along with you well those
guys be weed guys me that's me that's me
stop Nick okay stop licking his
testicles stop what I do stop licking it
and then hide in so I can't get you to
stop you're looking at what are you
doing she may need a cone but he doesn't
need one good but Palestine he still she
didn't she's in the car asleep hello
hello come in look at him oh I'm hoping
honestly this might become the dream cat
right now because now he might stop no
well I did kind of make that an easier
fall for him boy Alex at least it's just
that is balls go off
Gadsby strolling along taking a look
around his new home ground it's GAD be
rolling along
taking a look in these new home ground
this is the office Gadsby so welcome
this is all the boxes we've got
everything here who the is this guy
search everything okay are you doing
yeah you trying to tell me that you
prefer terrorizes much over mine cuz
that better not be the case
otherwise I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna
cook these little bump it's okay guys do
you'll be okay it's just hit me again
that do the vlog do the day I was like
oh I love everything gray and silver
cats gray and silver look at this new
floor we've picked for the office gray
and silver he blends just Radian family
she's there she's been little sad little
owner she's all like I'm hurting I don't
I don't know what a bald spot looks like
yet so when I get home I'm gonna check
it out cats be stopped to escape today's
vlog summarized in one word cats cats
cats that's more than one word so I
guess it's just a little baby come on in
okay little comfy bed to sit on where's
your little shades patch what is it Oh
big stretch where are you going first
where's your shade Oh oh my god what
happened to you bloomin heck oh you've
got it's like a chunk of you didn't load
properly oh don't look at me like that
when I made that kind of joke
no stop licking stop looking it and
hopefully she doesn't look either she's
off cruisin I don't know what she's
doing or where she's coming about hope
she gets comfy no no no no no no don't
get you can't like guys hey it's okay
baby it's okay I didn't give me a cone
didn't give me one we gave him the
medicine no cone so I hope I hope she
don't get infected I'm gonna call back
tomorrow and get cold she's hiding him
down the door no I spoke to her anything
I just wonder where she was and she was
like stuck between the door like
sleeping and she keeps blinking a lot I
she's like
she's like me when I'm tired are you
okay there what just huh I'm gonna start
called a chunk look at that whoa that's
a real patch out there Missy look at
that don't like it Oh meanwhile he's
like I'm fat Oh
cela RI he's really but she I don't know
if she's got monkey I think she might
just have like sleeper monkeys in it oh
that's gonna be a smelly bum that got to
be little fat burger I got some news for
you you ready you can have some food a
little bit just a little bit see if it
goes okay used to move she don't throw
because you threw up didn't you yeah you
did
dinner is served we're having bread Oh
mommy oh yeah Lydia's mom cooked this so
if I get food poisoning blame the really
small head teacher whose office I fell
asleep in today thank you
I listen I fell asleep there with Lydia
watching the film girl on a train I
couldn't even tell you what happened to
partment I think it's a film about going
train they got up to bed at like 11
o'clock fell asleep from 11 o'clock till
6 a.m. when Lydia woke up and started or
day then I fell back asleep till now
which is a papist 1:00 in the afternoon
yeah day truly wasted but you know what
feel good I feel rested and ready to
livestream I'm ready to go on a mountain
bike ride with my dad tonight I'm ready
for the world I'm ready to take you on
but I need to go get my hair cut
immediately now so I gotta wrap up
today's blog it may seem a bit short or
abrupt but it's just simple because it
was you know falling asleep kind of
ruined you waste your day that's why I
don't I love sleep but I also hate it
yeah it would've been nice for you spy
out that I had chocolate on the side of
my lips from the waffle I ate but no you
didn't so thank you very much for
watching make sure you like rate and
subscribe ding dong give it to
complication Bell and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next day blog and
at this rate I'm not getting a haircut
because Calafat macaques so yeah we'll
see you tomorrow of this trim gets
trimmed if not if not then not then
sweet so I think my lattes taking and
because I'm wired is butch
