okay maybe I did just wake up on a sofa
in a random person's house but you know
what it doesn't matter but I need to let
you guys know that today's video is a
sponsored video I talked about yesterday
I'm doing some epic parkour you seen the
behind the scenes of what I'm actually
doing right here but there's gonna be a
professionally created video for your
faces in a few weeks time and when it
comes out I'll let you know and more
importantly this whole video revolves
around starting forces so if you guys
wanna check out link be down in the
description go check it out alright new
when I wake up in the morning
no it's gonna be a great day and yes
this song doesn't go like this but you
know I'll make it anyway come on we're
rolling back so t-shirts it original
calm this is actually the prototype shit
cuz there's no print on the sleeve and
it's a bit tight I bought I think it's
time to get this rockin and rollin
always lookin like a dump tape the hair
spiked up feeling a bit fresher and you
early together you know it's now
officially not November and it wasn't
for like for daisies
so finally shaved off the the ball punch
yeah you might be like how do you shave
off a ball pouch that disease sound like
it's that doesn't sound like it's a
possible thing I shaved off the hair
that was creating the ball patch and
I've got this one now huge spot Wow
great you know that you know the one
time I shave got this one big-ass spot
so anyway I hope I look a little bit
sharper a little bit cleaner but I'm
gonna start looking like a man-child
again with a terrible mustache and beard
so about that we out here waiting for
Hilary to pick me up
oh is that Hilary maybe maybe maybe nope
that's dude okay so watch this watch how
disgusting this is ready I do just look
into me watch look out look out look how
clean it is look out there
Oh ooh ya mean it looks nice and clean
nice and clean not so clean e-even look
at the footprint marks and make it on
dude he's walking through it but I'm
picking up all the pollution with me so
what steps look awesome
but I'm making the most of my last few
days in Los Angeles Hilary's gonna come
pick me up and meanwhile I'm gonna sit
in the Sun I'll stand in the Sun I would
sit in the Sun but I'd probably get
pollution on my clothes
and how weird is that to say I'm gonna
get pollution on my clothes but when you
can see the pollution if it comes a real
thing and it makes you think about
global warming and shit we killing this
planet hello there is there anything I
need sweet
bring myself that's all I'm doing thank
you what the fuck new SpaceX there's
literally a rocket did you know where
SpaceX no no no joke I know I do in LA
it's a falcon 9 rocket Wow
that's so dumb you know you work with
SpaceX you know you're on
you know Tesla started oh my god yes so
this is where so the working on the
Rockets but this is also the Tesla
facility as well so apparently this were
like the supercharged batteries are a
night where they make them and stuff I
don't know what 9 to 5 is 9 to 5 seating
where's your fucking seating coolest
working next to Tesla what a wasted
opportunity that's the goddamn Hyperloop
test chamber are you kidding me
look space
and he literally just said hi Philippe
on it so this thing goes all the way
down your Tesla Tesla plug competition
there you go instead I cannot imagine
there being a park or center near Tesla
just throw it out there book you've got
sonic sonic socks and then I could you
do in my boxer shorts all right judge my
briefs like oh just plain black Calvin
Klein this is the place I think I've
been to before but they've completely
rebranded it all so good I absolutely
hope there's anything and don't actually
quite know what I'm doing just yet so
let's see how this goes loving the socks
living the top but did you get it down
to a tee
look at this guy this guy ah yeah that
was like the slowest most effective
you can't
yeah so you're seeing like my first
attempts at things how it's obviously
potato is anything bought the more and
more we're doing these things for the
challenges the better it's getting so
like the whole point of this shoe is
there's gonna be like a well produced
video like being put together and I'll
let you guys know when he gets made and
when it goes live so I can tell you guys
to check it out cuz it'll be you've seen
how much fun this is so far it's just
literally adults playground for the day
and have fun so fun kinds of you guys
fun for me and the end video like all
the cameras leave I look sick so I'm
like proper excited my favorite thing
about working on shoes I think I'm just
gonna like sneak on two sets from now on
and just eat at these places because
this field looks amazing
everyone's eating underneath is ten in
the shade which makes complete sense but
for me I want to get some time for my
mats win-win so you know what very light
coastal boy got very nice potatoes some
chicken and some beep I think so yeah
that front-facing cameras pretty HD oh
shit yeah this is I'm filming right now
with the X which when I get home I
should have don't fingers cross fingers
crossed I should have it this is so nice
like it feels really zoomed out as well
so like when I usually bug like this it
seems a bit a bit more go I'm liking
this oh and then this is a clip with the
the new one on the back as well back
facing camera
same like he looks but Bozzio sometimes
been working in tune but you go from the
cola but I see you eyes to when it cooks
in your like overly saturated and went
away
you look like blown out probably
struggling with the Sun right there to
see if I live in Australia
I'm not Australian British well good
so this one we're gonna do no rings oh
you okay
you trying to jump through this ring
supermen style until you ready oh oh
probably you think
yeah my fucking needle-like
dude nice and that's it today has been
such a blast I've hurt myself I did
follow my ass it hurts
stupidly but I was like gotta finish it
as soon as I landed on my ass from
falling down like the big drop I landed
on my ass and I was like am I gonna go
to walk I was like I bet on paralyzed
myself like my dad my sister did at one
point in life and as soon as I watch I'm
fine so tomorrow I'm gonna have a very
big bruise and a very sore ass but
nonetheless as you're working with these
guys this behind the scenes guys been
filming me all day he just flew in from
England he said I'm gonna sneak out a
shot no book I've on an absolute blast I
really enjoyed it and I hope you guys
enjoy the video once it comes out once
it's out I'll share it with you guys but
for now ask you and these are the guys
like the higher ups from Sonic you are
now having a field day this is the guy
runs a social media for Sonic if you
don't follow him like this is not a
sponsored bug this guy is amazing these
job kills the social media game having
some fun jumping around beautiful man
beautiful beard beautiful everything -
till next time I hope to see you soon
all right I'm getting I'm getting the
driver's side I think I'm I think I'm in
England sorry about this oh I really do
think that it's gonna get too apart from
I know I've definitely ruptured
something no yeah I'm really sore
really really so tomorrow I hit that I
hit it so hard that in the heat of the
moment and like how fast I was trying to
go what my teammate she fell and then
fell fell I was like
she was really good as well so tomorrow
I think we weren't anyway I got in the
back of his car even that car's got not
is that nice
he's got tanks I don't know if it's
something to do this job oh that guy's
car literally has nitrous oxide in it
because that makes no sense
Oh drum a big like this ride oh you're
just cutting ooh what color yeah yeah no
I was gonna say he's got the kind of guy
who rides his bike though I don't count
it I can see it but this oh my god you
gotta have a class and style and
everything to ride this that is a
beautiful harley-davidson oh the stripes
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah all
the merch the 3b do just kind trying to
get it was doing this is where we do all
the merch for everything so I couldn't
tell you whose was whose old men about
take dialer everything this place is
absolutely crammed look at here okay
they have to hand make all these boxes
together this is Angela's dad who runs
this whole thing so yeah this is
absolutely major scale about all of us
as merchants like getting packed up
right now Tom you know nothing about
cars and to think about cars
Angelo's doesn't have for exact
one two so for the people who were
telling me that it doesn't have four
exhaust is to their subscribe you always
think you know you did your information
I like I said there was four exhausts
it's all four exhausts you all need to
back them punch down into everyone he
was like alright so welcome to the back
we have people who live in these
buildings right now at the back through
B D I don't know who V I never seen them
I actually don't know if someone does
live there but these are called like the
bungalows at the back of the office I
want to try and move into one of these
like we put some money into like
securing it like look how nice and big
and open the space is which you know
might look like the table from here it's
not really in the Sun all day but I
could make a spot that's like chillin in
the daytime I love bean bags like BBQ up
on the roof but the thing is I'm pretty
sure these are all wild cats alright
maybe they live here but someone keeps
feeding all these cats you okay oh hello
it's okay it's okay I'll guess it's not
okay then
yeah so we've got like all the park in I
said the trains the train lines over
there there's nothing really at the back
of us but this is all the building and
we're hoping to acquire this entire
building per office cuz like one it
looks dope I love the red brick I don't
know who what companies are in here at
the moment but we're hoping to acquire
this for all space I could stay in there
like stay in one of these buildings like
pimp get the fuck out and the back I'd
like a full live streaming set up in
here and be so sick but I've currently
lost my wallet so I'm hoping it's inside
that car good news though on this floor
the top floor a guy actually lives up
there I think it's one guy lives on the
entire top floor so we want to take over
that per whatever reasonings are
something but like not wrong I'd like to
live up there cuz then I have access to
the roof rather than living back here
you know like down away in the darkness
I want to be up in the sunlight so if I
could be up there and have this fire
escape like to look out of and chill on
I think how dope would that be so I
don't know leave a comment bungalows on
rooftop really really good
and gonna over the three games that
we're working on like the really good
side one of them is like really just
stupid this is like cooking herrings but
felt really good to like be talking
through BD it's always been like me
working like I do and some of the people
we will be doing with this it's just
nice to have like the creative control
to push something forward cause like
I've always I've always like expressed
here that all I want to do is make video
games and that's what we're doing so
good times good vibes and a good road
map no I supposed to go to WWE with
Jordan I didn't go unfortunally I missed
it for the game design stuff so pretty
upset but you know what happens Jordan
thank you once again
then on my next no I'm loving this
because guys might work on the game that
we're like just playing around with and
he's making like an obstacle sauce thing
he's play tested it no no you keep doing
your thing but he's play testing it he's
going back in straight into edit in it
and I'm just loving it I have no idea
where to start in this light is well I
absolutely love it I just really could
not express like how good this day's
been it would've been perfect if I would
have managed to make it to capita
sparkles but be able to sit and do the
game design stuff I just spoke to the
team that afterwards once again I was
like listen this is exactly what I want
to do like it the rest of my life I want
to make amazing video games for you guys
and just just crush it and that's what I
want to do and the scale of what we do
now is given us the capability to do it
on a whole of a scale so really exciting
times there but Hillary's a stash just
drove me like half an hour on the office
because I don't look are just saying
like you know what I've got such good
friends in LA like I just love this
place
I love this place to pieces Hey I do
miss not being out here a lot but you
know what like I've got back home I got
my friends I got my family more
importantly go cats which whilst I've
been gone peed on myself on my bed twice
don't be like anxiety for maybe in a way
so I gotta get back home and I am
feeling huh I am feeling sweat ate my
knees from scrapes on the ground he's
absolutely killing me more importantly
my ass is
just dying I swear to god I'm gonna find
out something like I broke my tailbone
something could my ass oh yes
suntan shower changed let's go and meet
up with AJ Jen whose wedding I went to
LA and I went up the mountain
how's the food have a drink and just
kick tap kick back and enjoy the good
tan so
oh my gosh I'm back good Jenin AJ oh my
god no oh it's you amazing
and he amazing but they're doing a toy
drive oh my god
so 68 kids are gonna get like these pop
these boxes for Christmas from you or
from both of you oh really good but I
didn't bring anything
all I asked for you two to get me beers
that one one child can have a charlie
don't even know what that says but yeah
you can have a short time yeah no he's
fine
this is my favorite beer in Los Angeles
a belgian wheat or white we shocked top
beards so good this is my favorite the
bottle doesn't use a lot this but I
think it's a Christmas spirit version we
just had something what do we have what
do you yeah in LA they don't just have
like Chinese and Carrie they have tag I
don't know they just felt like
introducing an extra food so you guys
have a J and a stocking oh my god
doggies that's so brilliant I've got an
I've gotta go home get one for me and
Lydia and then two for my castle and
then one for my baby dragon called Steve
I'm gonna do that and behold I know
falling asleep on the sofa like four
times like you don't know me you put
your head down you wake up you look
tired I look tired
well yeah it turns out I was tired so
and you don't just crush it on that's
over
I could have taken their taxi 35 minutes
home or I could just stay on this couch
but she's super comfy this pillow was
amazing and this like duvet is heaven so
and you don't crash it okay so I'll let
you guys know when that sonic video gets
produced and you guys can check it out
I hope you did enjoy like the behind the
scenes and I can definitely confirm I am
exhausted my entire body feels like I've
been beaten up so I guess that is what
it is and I'm really excited about the
games that will work on a DVD so we'll
say well all puns out well thank you
very much watching like subscribe team
time to go go location know Cajun Belle
likely I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next daily vlog so until
then much love - ha me I have no idea if
you can even see me
