then what my so steaming or look at
that's a bit better today I could be
wearing a pair of jeans if I want to but
that's not manly enough you know what is
manly wearing a kilt I think I'm gonna
wear a kilt today
yes stumped in there but I knew D and
I'm currently in a supermarket yet Luke
is a birthday gift for today I've
decided on Jagermeister
I don't even think he drinks it but he
knows I like kg bombs so I'm buying him
Jaeger for his birthday in memory of me
it makes total sense alright so I
managed to get Luke a really cute
birthday card it's like a little Hello
Kitty card to put then that's the bag
the brown bag that the earth jagerbomb
get that a bot came in so I turned it
inside out so there's no branding and
folded it to look like a nice little
package
I think it'll pretty good job to be on
this sale not a bad last-minute gift
you're welcome to move you're welcome
I've always seen these because I always
get lattes and stuff but I've never
tried a Frappuccino I don't think in my
life the other day I think it's just
coffee so it's right
well that tastes delicious
it's crazy that there's just so many
sidewalks that just look like this if
you've got nowhere else to go it's like
where did he go if they've built
themselves up a little house lie on the
sand the street then all to him boy yeah
then if they're if the police say move
on where they gonna go then they put a
mouse
crazy right rustic in this is where I'm
meeting up with see let's get ready
where are you going do you think I don't
know this is my breakfast it's a chicken
wing I know you were gonna be hit you're
friends with Luke you know drinking on a
Sunday or in a sports bar so it's just
like TVs TVs TVs and I still have no
idea what is going on in these movies
this place is got chicken wings for days
I think somewhat wings not swerving
burling's
things I don't know mini that's about
because he's girlfriend's L which is
quite sad book
Whitney's girlfriends hell I'm
absolutely fine I thought were like
staying here drinking for like an hour
two hours well I've got a shoot tomorrow
fine then Luke just told me hey Tom we
got a call the call times changed our
call time is when you have to be there
the call time is a 5:30 a.m.
now that's my viruses or anything like
no no no thank you
really nice Chinese place next door
since 1983 so I'm gonna go there and get
myself some salt and pepper chicken if
they do it right
damn right I guess I'm now officially
about America I know the rules I know
that the rums are the best team I've
apparently know around the spot so we'll
see how that goes but hey we're winning
so I guess that's good that was that was
so much confidence that there's no way
they can lose but maybe oh yes I don't
know this this is a game this is a game
this is a game all don't the same
goddamn time seems inefficient to me but
in pressure that thought that you're a
to go is that all three of you sat here
with glasses of water and straws glasses
of water and straws you're on water
spill it's your birthday it's your
birthday
fine it's four o'clock and you have
water with straws I strike what yeah
yeah okay whatever
that's it 10:00 a.m. and drinking since
10:00 a.m.
which is why you kidding me you've
already seen my god I love it
what was it
wait what do you like what was in the
bag
oh really my day is completely gone Luke
for your birthday
they've been in there since 10 a.m. I
got there in it like 12 hours 12 and
they they've been inside he rustic in
what I say I said Russ big picture me my
Britishness hey dynasty honey
real quick shout out to the Jaguar in
the parking lots on it look at this it's
like a brothel what it's about the city
in a tree okay i SS ing first thumbs oh
come on now this pg-13 Jesus Christ
stop I'd like to make a toast to nope it
what is it public display of affection
PDA no PDA are we gonna start making out
no are you gonna keep making out
probable is to stop it so this is really
cold like cold noodles which you're not
sauce with chicken and cucumber yellow
is actually amazing and this is
oh I don't like to do this yeah you do
I don't but I'll try it so is it like a
onion quesadilla yeah no I know exactly
what that's like it's like a pasty
Greg's past it is the correct cheese and
onion pasta without cheese it's just
onion and pasty duck drum roll drum
skins drum skins whoa I could just pass
you one nice I got multicolored prawns
suckers this seems interested and then
duck rolls pre-made date how to eat a
duck drum leg drunken driving drumstick
yeah it's beautiful oh my god why do we
not do this all time why is not wise are
not a DFC Kentucky Fried Chicken
Dickie fried chicken I'm gonna make that
and make that run this is definitely the
collection of spoons wait is there more
food good drunk but look at him look at
him Annie Annie the girlfriend's a
legend look at Luke baby just play it
cool just be cool
happy birthday even though your
birthday's maybe today's on Wednesday
today we celebrate Annie thank you very
much for organizing to invited me I love
you guys I'm pretty sure that's my uber
call time I hope of in the right area
first of all this is amazing the chicken
as an astronaut the crack shock love it
and this guy's play music or something
like that I love it either that or this
well I've not been even eight months
actually so this may all be brand-new
for I'm actually gonna meet up with
Jordan cap sparkles and we're gonna
watch the disaster movie so I look
forward to seeing that
I don't recognize where I am if this is
all new which again it very much might
be or whoever drops me in their own
place shit
oh you better know you better know bitch
I'm old skin yeah this place has got a
Breitling oh I really want to say I know
where I am but I just I just really
don't know I'm trying to picture this
from I've been to the mall and supposed
to go to several times before but this
is just not looking like it in the
slightest
out of this
but it what's going on here I'm so
confused
everyone
I have no idea where he is
I don't know what's going on but I'm
that was about to be awkward isn't it I
just asked him what he was like cleaning
the trash who works for like them all I
was like you guys you guys have a
cinemas here right cuz I just do not
recognize the layout of this building at
all and she said no it's closed I don't
go in there but I just spoke to Jordan
and he was like no this is the right
place okay so I'm just gonna try we
should try finding he's apparently is
here apparently it is open and just
that's the woman stood right there I
asked the woman stood there is the movie
theater still and she said no it's
closed down it's gone right there
literally open just there's people going
inside of it she worked for that she
worked for the place that organizes
everything here and she's closed it's
right there and it's open look at this
one they've got super dry here you have
the bright but wait for the record all
of this here never used to be here so I
feel like a lost child right now but
nonetheless somewhere I need to go
that's fine Jordan right so here's
Jordan found him did it get lost in the
middle of mood I heard that rave though
that was crazy are you sick do that I'll
show you a snap trying a video of it it
was dope their fake snow and everything
but I just bought Twizzlers two bottles
of water and a chocolate milkshake hey I
bought the tickets at least
how much for the tickets I just paid
more money in drinks and food than one
thing
American you okay shit together let's
fucking joke have you seen what they've
got on there showing the Titanic in 3d
you know I'm good I'll take a pass no no
this might be the first-ever time I've
sat at the front of this movie better
dude look at the size of American movie
cinema screens when you're like the
compared scenes at the end which I was
hoping to do which is like the
recreations a little pile on this map
it's got a place of where to get your
enemies fuck that where you be pick up
points so I have to do is go that way
and take a right and I can get my
football yeah I've had two never seen
one of these but it's one of those Tesla
like supercharged stations look how
thick those is so dope free power I
fucking love it this right you may have
seen before vlogs if you new around it
Let Me Entertain You so the height of my
apartment is perfectly the highest you
don't cars going past over there I don't
even notice any cars but caliber passed
over there is the highways so my
apartment port is the exact same level
as that now you look at my apartment for
like decking you go there's a nice bit
dirty all these bits away but what you
notice where it's dark
yeah that's literally car pollution go
ahead and show you like if I go like
this and wipe it that is all car exhaust
pollution pretty damn nasty so
especially that oh my god horrible let
me show you I can do this without making
too much of a mess you ready
in three two one oh that is it's just
think like if this is what's London
naturally on the table in Los Angeles
all right from the airport
this is literally the particles cannot
London over here
think about this they give the fact that
you're breathing this in to get educated
on what's going in your systems you
wonder why those people in China walk
around with masks on yeah so not yet
second stuff like that but it's to help
with pollution apparently I think I may
have just made that facto brand new day
6 a.m. 6 a.m. I'm not sure oh I was
gonna say I think that's the Hillary
that waiting block it's 6 a.m. I am
waiting for Hillary to pick me up she
was supposed to be here like an hour ago
I can't see it so awkward it's time to
start this new week I've got a shoot
with Sonic today I'm basically you're
not going out in the other two vlogger I
said like oh it's all about like
experience I mean like I work with a
brand or do something I want to do
something cool or be able to give a lot
back to you guys so you might when I
work with LG they're like boom here's a
free monitor sort of thing give it away
like just that's exactly what I do so
it's not a win-win for all of us but
like I've been invited to do go and do
like parkour at like a fully pimped out
like sonic parkour course it's like
promotion for a game or something so
like you know you guys obviously won't
see it today just see it tomorrow but
I'm pretty much looking forward to it so
I got my shorts on good back my trainers
on I haven't you go do some flips and
shit all day I don't actually know the
structure of what I'm doing like if
there's a narrative or a story of
someone that I just heard like big foam
pit monkey bars to climb and I'm like
you I'm a big kid that sounds fucking
great
so anyway I'll see you guys tomorrow 6
you have the next daily vlog again a
massive happy birthday to a week it's
birthday it's not actually I believe
until Wednesday
so whenever Wednesday is what day
Wednesday is maybe the six or so more
huh that's when Luke's birthday is it
wasn't actually on the second it was
just organized on a second so we can get
all these friends together and watch
football ball I'm gonna go now so thanks
for watching make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe ding dong that
notification bell right next to it and I
will see you guys tomorrow 6:00 p.m. for
the next daily vlog damn keeping these
vlogs on time all the way from the
United States of Mugu Saros said adios
so don't on us
