Hey starting this day properly boom go
get myself a vanilla let it sit in the
chair make it look good like our hair
sprayed up don't make a pun
probably still like a potato two hour
drive later I've arrived on set all the
guys and their cameras and their cranes
and everyone is in position
I've got my makeup done didn't trim a
beard which I completely forgot it not
November anymore it's December so I can
technically trim this and get rid of the
bald spot so if I watch so I can shave
it all off freshly but we won't be doing
we get the food truck over here first
the roll got loads of food for your face
they've given me some free shoes they
give me shoes they gave me pants I've
got a t-shirt that I've gotta wear
differently look at this it's like a
full-on like five-star catering service
hopefully good what did they got on pull
meats smoked farm beef this is my
competition here getting a nice nice
meal in his belly before he starts you
know it's got plenty of hot sauce oh
you're going down going down is my shirt
team shirt no this is the winning team
right this is it this is the team that's
about to win confirm it right now I just
still can't get over the size of this
shoe it's absolutely ridiculous
ridiculous so just for the record when
I'm whispering into the microphone are
you the guys who can hear me I can't
really I can't I always talking shit
with a sound guy I'm like he can fucking
hear me I'm watching ya I'm gonna split
like a hit man I'm gonna look like he'll
earpiece and shit nice
okay so now we've got people paying
pianos not too sure what's going on
there but sure mr. Jones looking badass
I love it yeah that's me all right gun
test three two one oh I knew it was
gonna go wrong I I think you actually
hit that but then despite earlier wait
you've got to do what he's gonna wipe
your face cows Tom Walker lonely road
his name is Chuck and he walks alone I'm
about to be lat i'm i love your bird
wish I was against you I have nothing
against a Spanish guy is awesome why
we've really got a pond like back and
forth now boy yeah dude if I could have
done this against him yeah but I'm not
doing that just dabbed on the haters
good job brother that was really really
fun playing with you top sport we're not
joking when it was like when I speak
really fast it can get lost in
translation and I wanted the twitch chat
to understand that it was not me being
like racist or anything that was it I
was like we understood the communication
barrier I know it's punished yeah
I can occasionally PC console todos a
smoothie PC / communica makan it
predator yeah yeah very very difficult
so it was like trying to find a middle
ground with you I think we crushed it a
good game like I did win but I'm glad we
blew the explosives together so yeah
dude you got a shoe ball soup thank you
very much the next time boys thank you
very much
dude much rich chat like his twitch chat
did not listen to him in the slightest
he completely ignored him but my height
wall my twitch chat
came through you guys are the best
you're the champions and you made that
victory happen now let's have a look
about it all exploded he's insane
there's so much destruction oh my
goodness me hell yeah found me and Brad
Ian you've brought you one good good
good yes
the lady behind like putting this all
together
right tale to say I'm the producer yeah
I'm the boss lady the bust lady
absolutely hands-down the punished shoe
I've ever worked on and if I ever meet
your getting any other work I know it's
gonna be perfect well you were awesome
thank you thank you for having me so
good just like quite a large proportion
of the people on the shoot all getting
the look how many people this took to
make this happen
madness you've got Christmas decorations
you got salad you've got ice cream nice
and frozen ready to rock and roll
every sauce you can one you got Kate you
got biscuit this is can we do this whole
time it's good every day all day every
day but Wow it's for truck food we're
eating so so good out here
this is better than anything that you
get spread them west where zzz food my
local restaurant no offense where's a
little bit feces book good good this is
want you sure about this thing look yes
is done
legend over here took a little Polaroid
photo for me so I'm so stoked to have
this for the rest of my life I was
saying like I was proper when he had
these 30 seconds if you know him talking
to his shot I was using that to lean out
a camera and just kind of see where the
actual smart place to go was so goodbye
set it's been a pleasure I had so much
fun on this I I remember this from
realizing life the fact that we wouldn't
so well as well was just incredible I'm
so proud of a twitch chat I'm so proud
of this community yeah you know what
it's now time to go home they've got
like two hours before the next set of
guys are on because it's like stalkers
doing it again it's Chinglish I think
it's called what an epic name
so rather than sit around for two hours
like doing nothing before they start I'm
gonna go home by the time I get home I
can watch on a computer and see the full
production value of it so let's rock
aim well so man he snacks oh my lord
give me a Waterways a toast
I'm je yes I think we've got to give
some props to the translator that like
actually made the communication happen
boy makes no music it stupid anyway
doing some bit of shouts out wasted
talent records wasted telling mom
hashtag wasted talent mom
hey go better but not be waste of time
it may be a really good talent it's
irony that's the thing about okay I'll
check it out myself as well so you guys
buy some good tracks between me welcome
to the American highway the place where
everyone crashes their cars including
Luke how many times you push back never
how many times you've been crashed into
by someone else once look at this in the
middle of nowhere and they still got
green trees this man it's a genius
without Luke without Luke opportunities
like this would not happen like top and
bottom it would not happen so like my
whole point let with people ask about
doing a brandy like you know some people
like some streamers and like some
concerts like Oh Luke knows a little
beer and deals for the experience for
like you guys so the fact that you
fucking found this deal made this happen
ro con you made this happen by having
such a cool community like that like
Amazon twitch in everyone was so stoked
with how you guys did like beyond
impress so massive look to the syndicate
height wall you're all legends he's
gonna home for about I'm going home for
a bit I'm gonna put on a fucking kill
yes yes I usually always take this
everywhere with me
passport got it nah thought I left it on
the side cuz I went forgot my phone
might keep like my phone my everything
was there that you just feel like phone
wallet and I was like oh my god my
passports not that what the fuck off
someone stole my today turns out I found
it so rather than going back to bed I'm
feeling like let me tell you guys I'm
feeling so good like so good about that
stream like guys having a bit of like
panicking motions because like with all
the drama that's gonna over like year
and a half ago and stuff is still people
out there like you always want to bring
up and it's fairly understandable like
each their own sort of stuff for like
the power of love from this community
was in said I've never felt more
strength and backing to overcome any
negativity then like you guys like I
really really mean it you give me
to do such amazing stuff and I'm so
thankful to be blessed with an audience
like you guys like really you changed my
life to get me to where I am to this day
I don't know where it's gonna go in the
future and I can never stop thanking you
for being part of this awesome family
that we are so thank you for being you
Olivia
unless can just continue the goddamn
height for my friend
well I'm rewatching the stream to see
what the chat's reaction was an oh my
god I was so proud of you guys anyway
I'm so proud of you even more now look
at the height wall was so damn real
it was unreal like it was so real it was
unreal I cannot express how much were
happy you guys like really absolutely
amazing I just wanna share this moment
from the stream it seems like there was
a technical difficulty just like watch
it like legs right like going on I love
my twitch at such an awesome community
and I could see this guy crossing the
road in front of us it like a crossing
and the woman in my if it was like
speeding up towards my was like what are
you doing didn't say anything but like
and then and all that like she was that
close from hitting the guy like knocking
him over that was close and then she
went she went oh my god I didn't even
see him did you see him and I was like
yes he was right in front of you I
started crossed the road and you drove
towards him get I was as Helles Gary
what are you even bark at me for bro
listen I can kick you like a football so
far don't tempt me
Luke is absolutely open E and get open
stars right now but there's a fighter
pilot on his tail the guy will not let
him go either literally been chasing you
for like two minutes now get his ass
loose get his ass
give you I am very excited to this
pomona sake house microphone on my Road
hello
after the other day I was saying I'm
just not gonna drink again for a while
and then Luke Ravi too is a local place
Cheers five dollars 95 four pounds
perfect Stein
please dynamite ramen but ramen dynamite
sushi very bad about a nice and now I've
got a oh my god just absolutely gorgeous
premium ramen this is this is amazing I
love this listen homeless guy go away I
made the most of my day with the shoe
this is this is a I only had one beer
with Lou cutting finish at a core of it
I'm just so exhausted this is the I beat
the positive vibes and feeling on my
Spotify right now nothing but just pure
chill and I tell you something man
if you do not own a so no speakers
system throughout your house ask for it
for Christmas worth its weight in gold I
came back from being with Luke at like 7
o'clock I'd organized to go out with all
my friends Jen and AJ in the OE Alex
ever he went out to snowboarding in LA
with but no instead I got so chilled out
of the music that I fell asleep
it's now one o'clock in the morning I'm
wasted when I put to be fair I've had a
really long day
it's been bet it's 5 o'clock so there
was no drinking there was no party there
was no nothing it's just a nice meal
with Luke and then he went out for a
romantic date film night with Justice
League with his girlfriend I got invited
third-wheeling but I'd already seen it
so I didn't go but I'm very very tired
and I'm really asleep so if you are
watching this right now guys once again
thank you for just being like the most
kind-hearted like down-to-earth legends
like that's the best like the way it's
summer right like we've done so much as
a community for other people over the
past few months of like streaming we've
been involved in like cool epic streams
like sponsored streams and stuff like
that and it's just all been received so
well and I'm so glad you guys had fun
with it and I just had an absolute blast
so thank you very much watching guys
make sure you leave a like rate
subscribe
ding dong that Bell if you're not doing
by the way follow me on Twitter at Pro
syndicate very active on which way is it
pretty much all day every day so if you
want to get a hold of me I probably
won't reply because I don't even apply
to Lydia's text my own girlfriends but
if you do wanna find out what I'm up to
at Pro syndicate ie be able to find out
so make sure you follow me on there so
till then much love and I will see you
guys I did other day I saw me awesome
