it's a new day in London it's not
exactly too severe it's not too rainy
but it's seven o'clock tonight it won't
matter because I'll be inside because we
have something to unveil now before I
get started with today's day I have
several things need to do I need to one
eat this Paul's breakfast because I
don't know whether you recommended to me
whilst I was in France and it got one in
London so that's what we're doing then
meet up with Lou come and visit me look
then after that we're gonna go hope to
see kinky boots and then we're gonna go
to the hotel hey my mustache is bad
that's it it's about but one of your
hair and your hands just sticking out do
you shave it do you trim it probably
first we actually made it into the show
really miss like five minutes but well
you guys think so far you enjoyed it Oh
what's with the shades each eye I love
oh you look like shit he's tired he was
out till like 4:00 o'clock drinking a
pie is too hard for safety girlies down
it's time to get a drink got a bloody
baleen in this is basically a glass of
champagne
frozen well Prosecco frozen
thoughts/opinions it really just isn't
champagne I'm not sexually harassing you
booked the show time may continue and
the wife is oh my god Omar I'm saying
right now this guy eats salted popcorn
over sweet popcorn no I don't leave I
don't understand Americans with butter
but then Nick's as well explain yourself
no I want them to tell me is that
pronounced how'd you say that free pass
tools how do you say it he passed fields
pass deals route pass deals why is there
neither why is there need if those
pastels there would have been no II the
comment section oh right I love you
someone's just fuckin Christ a taxi
straight in front of us fucking cunt
fucking hell holy shit we just walked up
there two seconds ago and that just
mowed across the law off the way oh my
fucking god no joke did we literally did
we not just walk that we walked up the
road we were destroyed and I was like oh
this looks like a nice place to eat and
when to look at the menu went to go to
like the door for all sort of fucking
taxi just plowed into I think these
people underneath the fucking taxi and
into the building wall down that road
someone just tried crashed into it I
rolled up no one knows anything is
happened nobody knows anything but no
one has a fucking clue friend
could this moustache and beard today but
I don't look like a clean shave course
so it's gonna look all stably which I
don't there's a good thing or a bad
thing but like if you look in rush in
aisle that red spots there from where I
trimmed a little bit yesterday I'm
probably full of red spots if I shave
tonight but I've gotta get rid of it now
then first has to go so today has been
one hell of a day but it was all at this
entire trip has led to one point being
the unboxing of the brand new razor
phone so in three two one and you did
time to open the box
ladies and gentlemen I present to you
the razor phone watch listen play and oh
my
in bed listening to music on your vernal
kicking virtual ass when you commute you
need a device that delivers breathtaking
visuals cinematic audio and the power to
last all day even men himself sign this
I want to hope he does every single one
by hand cause if he doesn't I'm gonna
take myself 15,000 phones from the event
tonight intend to reveal it this is the
first time of pop tick out of its little
casing I don't I'm one of those people
who doesn't want to take it out the
wrapper just because by the way yes I'm
doing this entire unboxing in a bathroom
because it's the only place in this
hotel that has good lighting I'm one of
those people who doesn't want to take
the new phone out of the plastic wrapper
and I usually keep the screen on for as
long as I can but let's take a look at
what's inside the bar okay right so this
one thing raised is just really good at
in general is epic packaging look at it
you flip it open you've got the phone
you open this bad boy up and Oh Mad
Patil that's a that's a good thing not a
bad potato this is a good potato inside
the box we got I've raised a branded
power charger look at that USB see ready
to go look at the wire and look at all
sexual as usual everything in Razer is
just gorgeous even like look the SIM
card popper outer absolutely stunningly
gorgeous we've got the Razer headphone
jack because you know that means that
this boy doesn't actually come with it
it's with the tans it's with a
modern-day times you've got the adapter
you've got the phone so let's take this
wrapper off and see what it looks like
the size of the screen this bad boy is
not just a phone for like noobs this is
for the best of the best this thing's
rocking a 120 Hertz Ultra motion screen
which is like just absolutely sexy these
speakers are like the Dolby Atmos
surround sound so you know when you're
watching when you're gaming when you're
doing whatever you need to do
you've got pure sensual sexiness in your
face before I read up all the specs and
the wife is hiding in the background
brushing your teeth just making it like
totally not awkward or anything but ah
I'm gonna redo some specs for you a four
thousand milliamp battery rocking
internally a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835
with eight gigabytes of RAM my black and
drool 12 megapixel cameras on the rear
looking sexy really alongside that razer
logo in silver it's a very nicely design
I've gotta admit I did think it was
going to be green on the back but you
know what the black and silver just
looks so damn good together and this is
the first time I've had hands on the
brand new phone myself I've seen like me
but never seen the full thing so I'm
taking this now to the Razer event where
we're gonna test it properly I don't
even turn the thing on
so gonna be doing it trying to end
enjoying it yeah for the record I've not
even charged it and I don't know why I
snipped it yeah girlfriend was just like
have you even charged it yet
it's hitting the little things even
though it's just green on the inside and
like that is just green that's it but
like just a little detail with Ray's if
you've ever oh I know a lot of you guys
have got like crazy keyboard and my
sister flat if you've ever got anything
from Razer the detail in the packaging
the product is always the best so again
just mad props to raise Africa it's like
I mean it fucking walk by my brand new
phone but more importantly I'm like
green on Santa wire and a razer branded
plug it's just beautiful look at so
simple so sleek I don't know if you can
see me in the reflection but I'm wearing
a shirt and a cold I look like I'm going
to a funeral or something but you you
just like you do look really good we
just watched a play where the guy was
like in trouble I think goes you look
great he's like that creep is it's like
he's you know beaner
clothes is like being a creep like you
look great this is this is olya yo this
is hella fancy dude you guys found a
sick bar
didn't know burning hot oh I've never
turned this on it is like a live shot
actually don't know what it's doing
welcome no I'll go English UK please I
know it changes broke it hey wait
espanol oh my god hey listen all right
fine I won't do the voice all I'm saying
is this building is the science industry
Museum where we're going inside it and
it's green that's where Ray's is hosting
their event I've got a new phone you
don't get over it
anal anal bead bitch what you did not do
nothing Olivia would like to correct me
to say it's not scientific Ray's design
it's not science initiative museum it's
just seismic museum apparently gone in
through the exit they'll raise a keynote
oh we are going through the exit let's
do it let's do it listen I think I can
see a twin is that a twin
it's a twin little Grove got a camera
look at me I'm so important every single
person here hasn't seen this yet so I'm
the only person in this building with
the razor phone and these guys don't
know I have it no it looks like hey guys
look it's right here they don't know and
I got a better raise the branding up
here we got a green light
we got a greenhorn and I don't know why
I'm walking past these lines I'm pretty
sure I'm supposed to be it but my crews
down here so um open them look at this
what is like to have friends who feel
free to intervene anytime you want these
people just want these guys walking
towards was like is he okay
no I'm not okay I'm being attacked
praise your sponsor if it wasn't obvious
today is a very very sponsored Razer
video why because I'm not bad about Mars
one second that's a rocket this is a
sponsored video by a brand new phone
that brought out to thank you very much
Razer for sponsoring this video this is
sick what a place to host an event right
the wife's like this is great but I
can't talks I've lost my voice there's
no way that's real is it is that the
real one
alright okay don't don't discredit them
if it landed on the moon it could be
made out of bloody tissue paper all I
can say how to make Razer happy oh
that's nice but it's not a brand new
Razer product is it announcement coming
soon he was supposed to have hungry got
stuck in customs this is easily the
coolest venue I've ever been to well
snapchatting vlogging not a helmet
what a sick venue to reveal something
new you did good kid come on man take
the credit I'm giving it you good I can
just hear I can hear him I can hear you
guys like so confused behind we're
almost in the eye mask you've got work
I'm pretty sure we're late to the
keynote hi guys thank you welcome for
coming to the event appreciate welcome
hey you guys can be joining us Nick darn
yeah this one growing in the US give us
the toaster
you know that's why because is that
which is today with what is in a week
with the guys and Nova to make sure
and get time edition free with every
single song this is the same way as an
iPhone 8 plus there we go so super light
if feels really good you've packed a lot
of goodness in a single phone
Medal of Honor oh my god
what's win a brand new phone just
because you're wearing the t-shirt
doesn't mean I'm gonna give you this
okay doesn't mean I'm gonna give you the
phone they give me Facebook and like you
see people in the brand everywhere is
just so fucking cool I'm looking look at
you look at you all proud look at him he
produced this entire thing today I ate
one cookie
look at what you've done look at this so
happy bro I think this is a very new
cheers boys to one hell of an event and
one hell of a day of course Nick the
deep hole thing that's actually kind of
off your bid I'm gonna take this beer
and escape that bye-bye you've got one
of these already yes where's Minh no
where's he said listen min said to me
that I mean not this guy meme anyway
that only people were supposed to happen
apart from the two other people who
would have said every single press
membrane here's got one son of a bitch
Minh I'm gonna steal Mario laptops
everybody over here is talking and
drinking drinking and talking airplane
and then you come in here and you've got
aeroplane engines and a mini helicopter
and a mini
obviously plane but it's a helicopter
wow wow wow just look at just look at
that representing from Raisa can we give
a shout-out to our boys fuckheads how
much weight looks this is my best I'm
filming on a razor phone filming to
raise the phone of a guy reviewing a
razor phone
inception Mitch call inception imagine
if you had one of these yeah might
imagine just just imagine just imagine
if you had one of these I I haven't
raised a pony do you have a brand-new
razor for you hello this is customs yeah
I just started drinking this beer
because it was by the side of my feet
and I thought it was my beer I just
realized I've not been drinking Peroni
and this is a half-empty ball you drink
you Peroni before by the way my snapchat
follow leak on snapchat what's your
snapchat befores how do you smell it
a belukha snapchat he wants like a
hundred million followers anyway look at
that big ass playing above us this is
such a cool ass experience what do you
think of this is it cool at foes cool
what's inside here yeah I like engine
things that go boom I'm in line we got a
razor real of fortune think he's I'm
straight-up saying this right now
nicking this idea for my syndicate
original booth at the next game in event
I go to this is such a good idea
shadow Reiter Nicolas idea for my shows
that we go to you can win a blade
notepad a head set of mouse mat a
backpack this is fucking sick alright
the way this works actually is you need
to get something signed you have to get
something signed which says you can have
a girl and then you get your token you
can come here and then you can spin it
sweet
this is so sick yo win a headset headset
headset you want a backpack what do you
want wait for it wait for it wait for it
oh oh oh what do you want to win
anything oh then you're guaranteed
you're my man yeah it comes off the wall
you can have this anyway that's for you
there you go you get bonus gift you have
to deal with me in the queue next year
ah hey did you know that's the worst one
you can win just saying yeah fuck you
they won this did you win that yeah
really I'm gonna be a headset oh I won I
won the worst one I won a notepad that
was like this big
but I also gave that way so hey so where
where are you doing the giveaway if you
guys are in a black race backpack yeah
pretty backpack going to this is such a
cool sell for gamers by gamers they
should throw an event like this like at
least once a year not a phone launch
just all sorts to flight set off dead
cool private invite-only to the people
who care about the brand shit you a
magic trick much mine everyone's been
playing on if you wear like win over
watch the best player out the team that
wins gets to go on the spin the wheel
and then you get to win some epic prizes
terrorizes won all these laptops help
for games you've got like FIFA in store
arena ravallo over here what you want to
get some food through town I'm gonna go
ahead and raise the phone him and
ambulance like he's out of Skyrim looks
dope as tits don't actually know what it
is is a lighthouse okay I can believe
that in a minute this is SSA an old
choo-choo train or a tractor or
something don't know what this is this
is my wife don't know what that is I'm
pretty sure that pause molten lava and
then that's train we love you bear we do
oh we love you
this has this who again hat
my wife my sister great recommendation
house good you see that pub there on the
corner
we came out and we're all young xjawz
not 21 from America can drink went up to
the bounce of that poor but like one
o'clock in the morning handed him like a
thousand pounds and asked without even
trying to get in ask the guy can you
please not ask us for ID and just let us
come in and drink and party and I'll
give you like like I think was at 1800
pounds it went to give it him and he was
like we were like what the fuck but he
was so fucked out he's facing you know
he's doing he gave him the money all of
it and I went like that
nope dragged you out the bounces the
bounces the the bounces like face was
distraught that took them or nothing but
obviously you can't let no honestly it
was so much money that ironies but it
was like Marlon
Eve cutie pie at my house we have a hog
roast in a photo booth thank you very
much for watching make sure you leave a
like rating subscribe ding dong you know
of Katie Bell to get know of kg of you
good luck I'll see you guys tomorrow 6
p.m. until then thanks watching and you
nose man wait what
stop no no no no we've had curry no no
