it seems like she only just got here
because she's only just leaving I have
the triumph for a week it's been my wake
up and I'm sending the bad boy back
they're keeping me with this one which
is pretty damn awesome but this bad boy
she going home
farewell I'll be the saying goodbye look
okay I was laying in bed
awesome knock at the door triumph
arrived goodbye goodbye to another day
triumph I would like to have ridden it
more but like you saw I have to go to
New York so it is a bloody beautiful day
in England today it might seem cloudy
but you know what it's crisp it's fresh
and it's a beautiful Monday morning I
bet look at that thing yes round I you
know what it might be that's making me
so biased towards liking this bike
seriously
the cooler I do not like bright colorful
cars you might be like wait a minute you
watch drag you're in blue I know that
look blues my favorite color that's why
I like it on this but grey grey that's
white white and gray like gray gray gray
gray gray gray gray black white you know
that's my color scheme that I like so
when I read bike appeared I was like
what even my cats are gray yeah color
scheme oh Jesus breakfast is served and
now me the wacky race to continue gotta
take babe
not this Bay I'm gonna take Ted Bay to
take her Bay following within my Bay to
drop off her Bay to then leave her Bay
to get fixed in normal talk that I've
got to take Lydia to the I am driving in
my car to the Mercedes showroom garage
Lydia's driving in her car to the
showroom gouge she's dropping off her
car to get fixed there I'm gonna bring
her home in mica side I don't know why I
made that so complicated for myself too
many bays
there's no parking that's a back on the
front look at Karen her entire life in a
nun's right now she's like I understood
violet my car a carriage filthy if they
if they even touch it that'll be amazing
should we ask you Mike will you fix my
cab I'll give you some pumpkins thank
you in idiot and that says luckily
macchiato is that a normal rat I think
so yeah
for the record I didn't break it she did
Jesus very thirsty cats vs. pumpkins
take one Loudoun doesn't even seem
bothered oh wait I got a minute chamber
mind
Luna's eyes are huge she's what's going
on
now all you got to do is get your claws
I like how you attack me all the time
just to attack attack that and make his
face in it okay
was she standing on it she's kind of
spooked out by actually think she's a
tails mush if she's scared of it I never
thought a cat would be scared of a
pumpkin lon
breakfast us lunch called choppy egg
never seen us before in my life terrify
you look like you know I'm eyelashes or
eyebrows are supplying up eyebrows you
look different what are you doing
have your foundation on foundation no
mascara looks well weird I don't want
you make up on so I've already been
started up last time I went into a
school the most recent one and their
talk I met this really hot tea she was
too hot to handle clearly I met this
really hot teacher and then end up
falling in love with her
anyway ended up dating and then we got
two cats together so Olivia said if I
see this teacher
all right so I think this going out the
house the entire rooms what topped by
army employees helmet the chicken bites
close thank you very much for having me
it's been a pleasure at least look at
yourself I just got my education it's
that one of them because it's like I did
did get me education and I made sure I
got my GCSEs and all that sort of stuff
and I went to college like means to
finish it and go up to light unions and
then it took a different route so then
it but you're surrounded by teachers and
these kids are you like I played video
games for a living and I got a job out
of it Journal but I have to be realistic
and go you know you can make youtube
channel do at the same time but pop your
work first into YouTube can evolve into
something else
exactly I know very oversaturate a lot
of people ask me YouTube is a very
oversaturating place but it was
oversaturated when I started up and when
I started up and got like sort of big
even people like I'm just thrown out
there but dantdm minecraft was
oversaturated as hell and then Dan came
along but did it better he brought
something new and fresh to the table
about proper entertaining content and
then BOOM Dan's absolutely huge and it's
a super nice guy
I love done it Dan you smile we see this
we look to blur yeah dantdm Danny yeah
yes he's the diamond I had to represent
I had to get a puppy
I got a puppet representing what the
fuck is that it's our Saints that's in
the garage oh sorry about that
this is the last week in the office oh
do you like that the fact that the
moment we're moving out they're doing
all over and paint in it mummy
UNIX desk small well let me get the gas
chair I guess yeah in the new office
gonna have to get a fucking chair what
your bags I mean whatever there you
ordered a something macchiato with Dee
Monteith for me thank you
I went to did the talk at the school it
went really well like an idiot no Lydia
cooked me breakfast right and flew there
I got the council I don't feel too good
me I know I shouldn't give me food
poison anything no a joke
I felt dead sick in my throat and I
tried to talk in front of the class I
was like that's nasty
like proper like what and then I was
like I'm gonna need me I had to go out
sounding like black why almost like this
uh-uh
then went back in the class and was like
oh you guys I was like just hit one
throw up on you all that so that wasn't
embarrassed in front of like sixty ten
year olds but whatever let's get this
started then shall we who wants the
right bag and who wants the left I kept
picking up oh no wait wait wait wait
wait I'll do this I've got one behind my
back in my arm which one he wants it
first this one's for you did you get ya
a poppy seed lemon bun and the RA Scott
like carrot cake okay what's happening
October 6th what happened October 6
welcome to the club totally no sponsor
video because it's not but they sent
Brian a wooden box I and then I was
texting saying how dare they send Ryan
oh what a box or not you ones though so
anyway welcome to the club thinking bro
I already had all this stuff I think
your book whoa did you'd save his
fragile why did he send me this
when he grows back he's everything that
I've seen before nice nice nice Cassell
final oh my god oh oh oh my god try and
trim my start without looking is that
good call my god I'm not close to
sisters yet this is good I'm according
anything even Mikey what's that I picked
it today anyway no qualified groomsmen
sponsors hashtag no sponsors hashtag
jihad they said Amy hi my name is Tom
always totally didn't just find another
package a box
what much hair we love you so much here
are some Walkmans products to you where
you can't even be one business more big
stockpot we grow more elixir on bald
spots more big stuff he put a smiley
face on it is he giving me baldness
cream for my mustache no a big what
means
Oh chica shape to help with my bone
punch of my beard fucking bastards grow
me stressing punishing grow more is
uncle collie yeah he's got all the pee
sure you ain't getting saved and
conditioned me I think if I use this
again not sponsored no I'd not anything
if I use this after I'm freshly shaved I
wonder if it will fill in the blanks
I'd like to thank my community for
supporting me and I'd like to thank
Walkmans for supporting me on my beard
regrowth schedule it will happen and I
will be fabulous and we were like Harley
from Epic Meal Time shout out to
galactic Raptor
this guy's sick mustache and beard as
well I'm music technician dab on those
haters
oh yeah even more stuff descend by the
way a lot people still ask to this day
where's this address to send him stop in
every vlog I've ever done if you open up
the description by clicking show more my
peal box is that feel free if you do
want to send anything again you don't
have to thank you my name is Tom this is
a pop pop appeal so shut up to the
homies today thanks I got sent a swig
you ain't seen nothing yet that is so
sick
swig essential essential hip flask does
it come with a funnel oh no that's just
a plastic I believe Tom this one is for
all the best adventures enjoy and pass
down when the time comes
oh---but David of sweet open this it's
just he's got syndicate engraved in my
phone on there it says swig I don't know
if that's the number of scrap one I've
got one two three six eight look there
shit but then turn it round is put my
logo on it or Shia's da agenda a proper
dice little hip flus forty hell that I'm
looking I'm in the camera vlogging you
buggin not in the hip plus log in you
even pointing Jameson in it are you
actually supposed to put it adds the
phonebook supposed to keep it there
bleep to keep it wrong you call this
number again you don't get this booking
these fun you fucking bag and I love you
up Allison hi Cal and cure for my swag
this is basically what I do when I go on
a trip I just come cause I need brand
new t-shirts and what does she give me
brand new t-shirts you better know that
one right
by the way we've agreed on the name of
this t-shirt this is legit the new one
that's coming out we came over the
really creative name that the design for
this shirt because it's in Japanese
writing and it's inspired by me going to
Japan is called the Japanese one so the
Japanese one comes out November 1st
you've been told well there's a massive
raiser announcement happen November 1st
but more importantly did you get
original Japanese Japanese ones coming
out the crewneck actually is fucking
circus chips like why don't you salute
me new do actually no because honestly
the Japanese shirts coming out and I'm
actually loving acts I really want to
this stuff a lot of people we designed
this shirt actually a long launch angle
before I went to Japan and then we were
to drop it after I got back from Trancas
made sense of what like Japanese so
funny but as makes more sense it's got
meaning you went to fucking Japan that's
what makes sense
that's my comb oh it was Carl a joke
possibly I even say hello to you there's
a code does it come to kidnap you des
comptes comes come come I don't know
yeah Wow nice cut this is this bugger
shit oh you didn't let me to do that
again so you can see on camera what's
this bugger shit I think I just cracked
it ah ah you don't care such a bad
sisters you're even care I kicked a car
all right love you I'll see you in four
days
don't go crush it into my wall no no we
have a friend not be drinking hola
Bonjour I'd be the same that means I'm
going right oh yeah Gatsby I wonder if
you've been on the table what
given that no not the smash things are
or maybe the kids prints all over the
team oh yeah great thief you please
doing email and into it alright sorry
Mickey chocolate pudding fuck yeah
okay they do Katie Kathy's I know you
fighting to the death for I'm going now
okay
they'll be little owners that we're
friends again missus face goodbye
everyone whooping everywhere I love you
but by now literally took the words
right out my mouth I was gonna say that
yeah was actually that was the next word
on the road again it's me and Lydia so
we're going down to London from
Stockport and we currently don't have a
hotel for the night we got one for
tomorrow and the day after but not for
tonight so yeah we're currently homeless
right now so we're just gonna wing it
I don't know as plain
nobody's gonna wave me at least
how to Lotte this morning from smoke
this afternoon from Starbucks and oh my
god I'm crushing so hard for me I'm so
tired so so tired I also lost with
yourself that's great
where's Joe's book looking for Joe's
book can we wait all right I'm looking
for Joe's book can you see it
can anyone see a youtubers book there I
don't think so if you're the kind of
person who buys big hoops
hula hoops or square crisps we can be
friends
you've got to be a skipped person to
hang out with me I monster muncher facts
so this is how you think I shouldn't
have a thumbnail wait oh yeah okay wait
that's just me being racist that's fine
okay so what did you choose Chris wise
these were my selection he has one bag
of crisps when once you have one bag of
crisps you have Mauritius for more
crisps is that even a sentence miss
English teacher is what does Mauritius
mean yeah Moorish Moorish Joe I think
I'm gonna start with cheese quavers okay
I'm gonna start with oh so sorry mate
fucking scared the shit out of me Oh
myself 1843 London Euston calling at
some Macker field stoke-on-trent
and London Euston virgin shop available
in coach soon virgin Pendolino pretty
sure it should be
wait a minute it should be here right
now this is every second it should be
here it's got its got 436 seconds to get
air otherwise it's late
three two one zero train specially late
okay I guess it's canceled kept raise
being canceled look at the time
it's delayed I want a refund if you're
watching this virgin that is one minute
late
my entire nights ruined and a hotel
booked and everything I'm missing a
reservation so sneaky
look is he good to you it's only wait a
minute and 23 24 25
two minutes late what do you think
that's the main quick yes yeah I'm gonna
do this today mate what's this guy doing
why is he going so slow I've been
drinking that don't go in first class
well I was finally managed to get my
razor laptop back up my mom but it turns
out this wasn't actually that laptop
I've actually got two razor laptops and
lo and behold I've got all my footage
from the Cayman Islands for more
importantly I found footage from when I
went to Greece like this is 2017 on it
but it wasn't this is where I went to
Greece yes no I went there but with my
GoPro went like swimming underwater went
all by myself
because I this is when I first found
Casey nice tats videos
he's video about like just go in you
know I grabbed by father but by the
balls so I just went on the internet
bought the first flight I could and went
to Greece because it was when you click
the drop down menu the first thing that
pops up with is Athens so just went that
always work to go that's how I just
decided to go I went swimming into all
sorts of stuff
like swimming found all these fish you
must know what you're doing I was
getting attacked by something but they
were all nibbling on my feet got myself
a little pepper too with the red label
Johnny market and a fish dish I'm very
much regretting that decision it stinks
don't you be laughing at my decision
just because you chose the chicken and
it's probably gonna be amazing and I'm
stuck with this nice thought about a
kinder egg all right
kinder egg what is that
I bought a kinder joy what the hell is
this me kinder egg you've lied to me
what is that I don't think it's a ball
we bump into people all over the place
shout out to my boy band throwing him in
the vlog turns out I actually made two
years ago at Dreamhack he came over to
his and went so who's got the cat's
tonight then we're off the bloody train
we're go in a London I've finally booked
as a hotel
the me hotel in London so
we've come all the way to London and
I've booked you a private cab to pick us
up it may be an uber but it's still it's
still private travel all right
I don't may we do it we do it good there
here we do it we do it right okay I'm
gonna try pop this bit I don't make
you're right thank you very much I've
been with the me I be for actually all
right and I loved it but I've not been
to me London so very exciting pointed
yeah this is actually hella nice bro
this place is yo what a little look
you'll like him inside Blade Runner
this is I look like a typical tourist
but this is amazing
okay this hotel room is dope his chips I
would almost didn't pick it and picked
for one that I'd already stayed at
before but I like try anything so like I
said new things I stayed at the me I
beeth the hotel which was one with the
crab legs which was gorgeous but this
time saying that me London so this hotel
is like Helen I she got big his-and-hers
bathroom dough help me for the price
what we've got is like this was
non-expensive room in the slightest by
the way got toilet your sings you got
this got a dumb ass nice bed
you know I know it seems so simple plug
sockets near the bloody bed most hotels
don't even have that piss me off this
election you got Chris you got popcorn
chocolate bars alcohol
you got tit was what are you doing you
still back then no yeah for like a
second reveal myself
yeah so for all those times I was trying
to like meet Lydia notch they'd be in
the vlogs I could have just hit hit to
be on this glass window when we walked
in the view is pretty tree very leafy
environment over here but you know what
doesn't mind
dope is chips what else we got we got
our lives we got cheese there's a bottle
of wine water shop bread rabbit food in
case you being rabbit it's great mate
I'm the fun in this place it is fresh
obviously this place is fresh I like it
we wait do me a test babe jump on the
bed give it well done you got let us
know is it worth staying or not I'm
worried thoughts opinions oh oh really
she only get she only gave up good let
me I like it being spongy oh oh oh that
is pretty firm actually
yeah you are perverts squeaking my bed
actually squeaks when you just leave you
like this to my bed and just sit on it
it goes it's horrible
yeah during the night let when I tried
to roll over in the night lost let you
sleep in it just creeps up all night
playing pub gee oh yeah okay it's a bit
it's a firm bed but holy shit this bed
is actually really comfy one of those
coffee machines that I still this day
don't know how to use there's a minibar
with even more food and xever commands
and that starts all of the orange by the
way but more but more importantly what
is this let me have this me essence of
me I think this is actually like what's
it called perfume a some one size that
fits me gonna try that on later Jade
Jagger what is that I think it's just
something you wear a bracelet what is
this so the battery charger what you can
buy the how much power bank thirty quid
a five thousand milliamp hour bang
Kashmir SOT a tote bag and where that is
and then I'm assuming this is perfumed
with some oil I feel the aura
no that's a candle do you how
surrounding selection what is this a
bottle of champagne just got brought to
the room damn I see sell a warm welcome
to me London I wish you a wonderful
experience to me people warm regards
Alexis oh my god or Alex's I don't know
it was a guy who said this oh my lord
ladies and gentlemen introducing Lydia
popping a bottle of champagne she
apparently sorry what I'm good at
I'm actually gonna try and film this in
slow-mo if the next clip doesn't work
for some reason in like the Edit then I
don't know but I'm gonna try and play
this in slow mo Tian I want you to pop
it so it was advised in that direction
anyone could just go and take it on it's
jumping you don't open a bottle of
champagne like a bottle of wine yeah
right so listen you twist the cork this
way whilst twisting the bottle that
other direction so opposite yeah and
then and then just push up your thumb
look welcome to Tom's - - Tom - Tom's
tutorial on how to pop champagne please
stay still
this is a bottle of champagne also known
as the so it's a fiery bottle of
champagne across the room you know at
this you twist this that way and then
the cork the opposite way now you can
pop it to a girl and hold on to it
bought if you twist it a little bit so
when it's closed if you go out this a
little bit and then go and then I just
push it off with your thumb you'll go
bang in the opposite direction
as long as you keep it on a good enough
angle you'll be fine okay
go for it
even know if I could see it come out but
yeah well you waste is no champagne
whatsoever and it went all the way to
the room okay angle me let's see if you
can pour it as good as I pour a beer oh
you didn't even tell the glass why'd you
put utility champagne glasses oh you
just let it do the bubbly throw off nice
I'd like to celebrate you be oh yeah I
need a glass to toast with you
a toast a toast to on one week off
school and work and yeah sorry Optum
Cheers
and to helping happiness and for the
record I don't force the twist in the
original swag she just puts it on I
don't know why she has her own clothes
but Alex will appreciate you cheers to
Alice thank you appreciate it
light show we got invite you down to
watch a light show okay so we've come
down for the light show I can't kiss her
because of my cold champagne candles and
it's about to start
I'm so excited okay so the party's gonna
be learning history of the universe and
how it happened on a light show on the
ceiling and stuff so my neck so he
killing me from looking up well okay so
far so good
no I got ya no I'm good thanks I got
stinkin out-beat there was not a fun
I've got actually got a scar on my chest
from that it's kind of wood yeah I just
actually didn't do because I thought it
was all gonna do to be likes like this I
don't think they were gonna show animals
I know it's supposed to like a history
of the universe but I just thought it
was gonna be all whites like that mmm
come on the humans appear on this I will
be impressed like the humans have
appeared to look it's going on digital
it said that human import human import
and now this has happened oh it's got
all digital uh-oh
see we thought it broke him oh my gosh
it broke it restart it there we are
yeah we didn't break anything okay
I didn't break anything oh my god buddy
I'm sorry
wandering passage images if you have
epilepsy look away now this is so cool
well okay yeah this is getting weird
this is getting weird yeah it does look
really I could not imagine actually
being like drunk drunk drunk a-and not
happening that's a bar up there by the
way just with the glass wall just in
case you wondered what is oh this is
cool the wall is alive I think it's
tough with from the correction of like
human evolution to drugs design or
something I think it's rewinding yes
rewinding the whole thing now okay this
is gonna be definitely an electic that
would Yelp that was honestly really cool
dude you ever
I say the name on melon Neela is amazing
house really cool what a dope idea for
hotel you've never seen this in my blogs
ever before anything like this you know
romantic day organized to say Lydia
you do this would be a sick place when
it is the white shoulder led up to being
a marriage proposal like champagne
candlelit know I'll actually have the
cats woman oh my god if I wanted to
marry me right now that would happen but
oh my god that was amazing
and I thought make my blood there's one
more thing and then the elevator go and
then a light would open up that and then
at home the cat wasn't an idiot and took
50 minutes to get everything I would use
God's big no Luna prefers you so I'd
pick Luna Luna to come run over with a
ring on her collar she was my friend I
know he's like thanks but now I'm good
we going up on a Monday go into the roof
top really nice in the original t-shirt
just saying but some stupid hoodie and
we're scrolling through we're scrolling
through my honest about mainly I
probably need to make a video going
through my Instagram photos well scroll
through my Instagram photos and right
now we're up until like March 2014 when
this hoodie came out and while it is
wearing it I have no idea
however what freshers moto we found it
we found it we found it we found it this
is where you look down so me and Lydia
Mustafa
it's difficult singularly unfortunate
can see when there's a sec couch he's
down there we really were literally lay
on those couches when you can check in
and this is what substances like a
really
cool like I'm not sure what that red
thing is a really really cool layout so
it can gallop step outside and look at
the view I'll try and do it me I said I
don't know what it wasn't that's the
shot over there
and that red thing I just played out
that's the London Eye but on its side so
it looks like a tower yeah I know I'm an
idiot I'm sorry but wow this place has
got a really insane views well Jesus
Christ not know that handstand walk to
the room go guarantee she fails first
time new wait and go on no come on you
could do this handstand walk to the room
go and some what go go go go go you beat
what I can do out this hotel guys even
bad this is ready for a refresh oh you
don't need to see this just go ahead and
pull the on the door and on that no I'm
gonna end today's blog ladies and
gentlemen I hope you did enjoy the blog
if you did make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe
Lydia is almost eating all the chocolate
and now the game wait was this lighting
on the entire time the pink I'm gonna go
now so thank you very much for watching
if you have enjoyed it make sure you
leave a like crane if this video gets an
insane amount of thumbs up I'm gonna let
Lydia shave my bed so I'll make a video
of Lydia shaving my bear to put on the
main channel no oh no little cuz I've
never had a wet shave no so I have to
keep the tradition I'm honest to god
never had a wet shave with her like a
rape know like myself you know like give
up about someone do a turkey share but
it's like oh that's oh yeah that's a
shame I've never done it with shit like
I've never shaved myself so I'm may let
Lydia use my electric shaver to shave
off my mustache if you guys think she
should tweet me saying 200,000 like
never Hitler actually like two hundred
three hundred thousand people a day
watch this vlog if two hundred thousand
people actually made YouTube accounts
logged in click the like button then you
deserve it but it's not gonna happen so
yeah we'll see what happens but
Lydia Lydia thousand YouTube accounts
200,000 I actually thought for the
longest time for my first ever 100 likes
I got my video I thought my mom made the
kind of channels alright I'm gonna go
now thanks for watch it look accidental
click stop in the video I will see y'all
tomorrow
wait you I'm not saying it I'm not gonna
say anything you have to do that we'll
go no no you didn't even thank him for
thank you for watching subscribe as
always thanks for watching and uh she
said she said that got me do not go and
grab all the feminists like how dare you
thank you very much for watching
oh you enjoy the video make sure to LIKE
and subscribe doing on that occasion
belt and I'll see you guys - exactly
until then ha ha I'd kiss your bum got
taste
aids sorry she gave me a side kissed I
mean oh ha ha
