okay I guess you got comfortable there
last night right you just make you some
youtube videos is that what you do hey
my name is Ace Ventura pet detective
wake up it's a beautiful morning wake up
it's a beautiful day oh no no no no it's
still laughs I think it is kind of crazy
how potato I do look in the mornings but
you know what it feels good 10:24 I'm
getting out of bed no no like wasting my
day or any of that I'm feeling good
it's Valentine's Day so that means
breakfast in bed for Lydia are you
kidding why are you crying you as a
guide or a TV show you us get out you're
such a wimp
you better know I managed to get my
imbued Slayer helmet if you don't know
what that means I'll worry about it
you're not part of the cool Club look
kid smart feeling smart ready to go off
with me mum's birthday
yeah mustache hasn't quite connected yet
so I'm still waiting for that hopefully
one day it will work there's been no
context Oh Holly she's back in the vlogs
everyone can finally stop giving me
right blind for moments to where we're
going oceaxe it put it on okay whatever
can you guess whoever going yet mom or
is this always the hardest
welcome to the long wait what yeah we're
ready
we're registering for the Olympics Pilon
cakes mom sorry that makes more sense
for you welcome to cloud 23 because you
get it we're on the 23rd floor so
magnificent view of Manchester you know
what if there's one place in Manchester
I can I live it's in that area over
there that's where I went back there is
where I went down on that corner is
where I went yes lady with Olivia called
the factory style and look of it is just
gorgeous where we're at right now is the
Hilton Hotel Manchester but the tallest
building a Manchester and he's
absolutely gorgeous now the one downside
of this entire building homes because
the way design the air gets into the top
of it and throughout the entire city to
the point where it sounds like aliens
are invading is for sale for 3.5 million
oh my god
look at these views you'd get to wake up
to every single day oh my lord look at
it you better know we got that champagne
we've already done the chairs I won't do
it again but for the vlog I will
definitely watch it I'm not making you
do it but but what happy birthday Merry
Christmas
Mazel Tov happy happy Valentine's Day
mom I've been Valentine's Day ours and
apparently we're the weirdest family who
kiss each other on the lips put sure
whatever I guess so it got brought off
in the comments I spoke to Olivia but
she was like yeah you're the only family
that I know that kisses each other on
the lips why do we kiss each other on
the lips I never noticed it was it was a
not a normal thing all right I'll say
this do you kiss your family on the lips
well I never knew any different but I
don't kiss like strangers other lips I
kiss it like on the cheek but I keeps my
woman like family on the lips apparently
it's really enriched
yeah pretty much yeah you were gonna
take a photo of it yeah you were you
were gonna take a bottle of it boom
dirty like who suits me through
aggressive champagne and a massive
bouquet of food mmm I don't know I said
okay we're British so we have afternoon
tea I don't know why I know it's very
certificate but you know what there's no
tea on this table listen but alcohol and
food okay it's a back off haters do you
really want me to showcase it look like
oh look at this Ruffy oh really oh my
god that smells incredible Dragon's egg
bath ball very very nice I hope you are
good idea a rhubarb cake bed nice hey
emergencies if you sneeze now the whole
thing is gone of me I picked up the
plate to take a photo of it and the ball
rolled all the way down it well there's
a buddy trail down it
Alice is going all bougie with her
champagne and truffles ah check it out
so my granddad's wheels went from
looking like that all smashed up so oh
my god
whoa I've never seen this what could a
wheel
they look like new holy crap my god good
job dude guys are telling well
apparently Karen's doing lines of
chocolate okay baby
we've got some cocktails and I got a
whiskey sour well please be good have
been really I mean craving this is
amazing that is not a fake reaction
it out oh my god hey two one Cheers
that's nice the glass do you enjoy your
dinner yeah and you still gotta go out
for a meal tonight anyway but it's time
to go and get go time to go get your
birthday present okay okay they're very
nice little dinner up at the top of the
Hilton high-five well nice Oh terrifying
an Olympic diving board but like they're
like oh my god you can almost see right
off his testicles Jesus uh-huh we're now
doing the birthday shot for my mom I'm
not exactly happy about this joke Alice
is this a really bad decision she read
not be buying bags no no no no no no no
now mum you don't need a bag you've
already got one remember you can have
this one look it's got its glittery
phase the weed is looking back over the
scene it looks like someone makes the
 IKEA bag but the bin bag nice
765 quid for an Ikea bag Jesus I decided
to abandon my sister my mom are still
looking at handbags to just like look at
like men's fashion and clothing and
what's in at the moment and I've got
wood men out of all the Bruns like
billionaire boys club like all that
sorts of MCM all of it criminal damage I
don't like any of them except oh why you
I don't know what like me I love this
design like this I think it's amazing I
don't know why I think it's really good
to call it you feels good I know it's
just
overpriced clothing because I owned ago
I know how much things cost but to new
boy how could that is ridiculous
but the designs are just awesome
like we do prints on the back and I love
prints on the back body of this man they
did it their logo
he's just so dope it's so like
iconic I really really like it oh great
well my mom's phone to me and they found
the birthday present I'm gonna buy my
mom when the is this really there's
this fashion what the is that where
is it what you decided on Walker you
picked hmm
you're everything to blame because of
this are you happy mom look at her
running away with it happy about that
but we have now got to wait half an hour
I say we like you and me we've gotta
wait 30 minutes for Lydia because when
Lydia dropped us off she went got a
haircut and she's been getting a haircut
still for about four hours you know I
couldn't get through to Lydia on the
phone so rang the salon being like yo is
Lydia still there I don't know if she's
left her phone behind I can't get
through to her can't ringing she's not
answering she's not reply to my text
she's not replying to my sister's phone
calls is she okay and like yeah we don't
I don't think we have a little ivi area
near Sedona Olivia Lydia so then he said
Lydia one of the models I said and I was
like she's good looking but I don't know
she there was a model she's just Eric to
get haircut she was like did you come in
and get purple hair dawn I was like
purple hair no not that I know of at the
same time the woman on the phone could
have just been completely wrong and
she's not got purple hair and she just
got hair cut and died like regularly but
it takes over like five hours right now
because I've got 30 minutes to kill I'm
just looking at pointless well it
has always been like a basic bitch
boring ass like 20 pound wallet cuz it
does the job and it's never let me down
but there's a hole in it so I need a new
one but yo well there's a hole in it
cause my mom Jabar bag but more
importantly I love this brand
absolutely
love this brand let me show you this bag
you see that bag there that is beautiful
to me but this looks like a little
monster and a really really digging like
I really I seriously dig this brand like
an absolute lot to the point where I
really like that wallet or 345 pounds I
don't think I don't think I dig it that
much found the main nd you know how much
is a jumper oh my god I thought
off-white was expensive one of them jump
is over there are t-shirts is like 400
300 quid this is 400 a week well bro
I found Yeezy I've never looked at these
this is the I'm telling his right
Selfridges it was the worst job of
promoting people's clothes because
that's before advertisement you get me
295 pounds for a top with darling what
da yeah I do not get hype these men
tired I just don't get it they're so
cool and apparently Paper Chase is where
I meet in Lydia and I can also get my
mom a birthday pad because she really
really wants one there she is
like where's your purple hair when were
on the phone said you have purple hair
no joke I thought you took that long so
I thought you're getting your hair dyed
purple seriously do you think she'll
like that
however all these spaces she parked
right next to a wall oh wow like a legit
thought you know purple hair for some
reason I was like why would she do that
makes no sense because she didn't the
woman on the phone lied to me we made it
we made it
looks lovely but we made it before Alice
Palin down so that's what's most
important we've got a line wait show
Lydia's cards chill it is card lovely
beautiful handwriting shows the front
that is nice that I meant you're mine oh
yeah nice trillion which one would you
prefer
thank you John for summer muscles and
white wine sauce then followed by a body
wherever is it stay productive armed you
weren't answering me we need to step up
our game
this guy the left mess messes up Shawn
nails it oh my god
Shawn you absolutely boost yeah whatever
you do don't mess with Shawn oh no kill
you i demolished these mufflers did I
offer you had your first you had your
first ever most of what he things in
your life you liked it I did share I
also add the rest of them so destroy it
look at this stay trapped in Parma ham
bear man where you giving out a 10
that's alright where you give out then
I'm gonna give it 9 9 alright
9 for me I was pretty good this Darin
what you give us on your outside
thank you later brother thanks for
coming bye-bye berries come on George
get out you always always the last one
in here come on bugger off yeah yeah I'm
glad to edit what you just gonna happen
yeah you did comp slash up sync original
duck yeah hey let's go can you get
syndicate original from ok back and in
the minibus what died 190 taxis let's go
help Sean the door might come off the
bloody roll he's going no way we drive
it over the door Oh what Sam oh
we come over this is how you to see you
you've got cat beds you've got sofas
you've got beds you could sleep on you
ready for our next trip no one knows
where we were going and what we haven't
said is that our trip is actually
technically ruined because the whole
purposes was going on this trip was for
one thing and it's cancelled but it
isn't stopping us from packing and still
going the truth so I'm packing socks
wait I paid 38 pounds for three pairs of
boxes which is extortionate or not but
there's one pair not bad
I'll take those with me this pair may
have a problem because there's a
security tag stuck to it oh
and there's another one they go guys we
take care of it come on get it okay okay
go get it nice listen demon cat I know I
know I know we've only just been gone
but you're going staying at Grandma's
for a little bit longer okay it's not
being mean
love you and can't wait to spend months
and months and months with you but
whilst we can we're going traveling okay
love you see you later buddy or I have
to say goodbye to Cosby oh my god I feel
so sad say goodbye to him love you okay
yes it is now 852 in the morning we've
got about two and a half hours before we
need to be on the plane so I have to get
this clip into the vlog get it uploaded
rendered uploaded and hopefully on time
if you face it 6:00 p.m. because if it's
not but time we travel to the next
destination and the time difference the
vlog will be late by an entire day so I
need to get this life but none of us
guys want to thank you all for watching
make sure you got like crazy subscribe
Dingaan that notification bell so you
get all the notifications if Tom Ford's
video because YouTube is just a potato
and I'll see you guys tomorrow at
hopefully 6:00 p.m. for the next daily
vlog and I hope YouTube isn't banned
where I'm going and I'll be able to love
the floor cupful everything should go
smoothly
if not I'm kind of screwed but if not it
is where this I'll see you guys tomorrow
the new adventure begins we've got like
a week of pure we have no idea what to
do well plan because everything's
everything's canceled so we're just
gonna absolutely wing it so thanks for
watching much love Mr D Haas
