it's almost like you couldn't wait for
me to reopen that suitcase so you could
lie in it
you little ninja or World War one rule
okay this is not a tie this is a
microphone okay look at that she's like
gonna hide that there and you won't be
able to attack it okay
good catch my taxi is arriving and we're
going for afternoon tea cuz of British
and shit yes
you changed well we look like why is
anything we changed absolutely gorgeous
I'm going for afternoon tea
like I said cuz we're British as much
yeah we got some sick fucking little I
have to get out this car walk to that
building and I can have tea and crumpets
because I'm British tea and scones for
tea and crumpets I'm not that British
I'm assuming you can only go to one
place one place only is it good for
afternoon tea
oh that's oh my god we made a really
good decision this place is absolutely
gorgeous not a bad place to have
afternoon tea
well them well don't kid mother good
choice well actually I'd sure I chose
you
you gave me a selection and like you
said what an incredible view we have
it's just gray cranes and gray and
clouds
it's very blurry but oh my God look at
this it's actually a drop down peter
stand on this is terrifying well not
really cousin's blurry
going it's going
buta for use beautiful women oh look
this is what this is for the afternoon
tea like you said it I think three
savory five sweets
you've got like cupcakes you've got
brownies with peanut butter ganache I
don't know what he said the rest of this
is but oh my god yes and good a min you
know I'll just notice he's not on it
it's gone
that supposed to be is going stones
should be round right should be not
don't that's not a story
that is that's a squall as a square
scone it absolutely destroyed us so I
have to sign a piece of paper saying I'm
taking it home yep you know you asked me
about how I packed the cupcakes away
well it's ruined and it's on my leg yo
this guy I love it I absolutely love it
this is what apparently my dad used to
have when he was a kid teenager when he
rode around
that's so sick hey I wonder if you can
see there's something behind him because
there's just intense it's about time you
have a cabinet it's put my god damn
electronics in in my lounge been here
like 15 times looking for something
never found anything also looking for
new bed because it squeaks not not that
reason it just squeaks when you like sit
on it or anything I hate it
may 2125 pound for powered powered dirt
pile of leaves that me been thinking
about it I've changed my mind my bed at
home is horrible
that's disgusting this is goals this is
absolutely disgusting I don't like it
clearance this bed usually 13 grand 30
grand I don't think that comes with the
mattress which is wait really no oh no
no no no this is this this is just that
oh my god no no no no no no three
thousand four hundred and twenty five
pounds of that mirror mirror on the wall
who is the fairest of them all me sorry
guess how much that chair is yeah just
one it's a dining chair 1,500 each and
that table 1200 net took one dude with
12,000 sorry 954 pounds damn it's an
expensive table
and that's an expensive trip do you know
why it's it like you said you know why
it's so expensive because it's extra as
before it's got its own course that of
course call it but a woman wears a dress
it's like a corset chair in it hella
fancy but hell it too expensive
how much is that 9 grand gonna fit two
people on it yeah can't even sit on that
problem in look at it great for posture
bad feedback columns yeah another
doctors place has got really nice door
it's really expensive I'm not gonna
spend my money on
crazy crazy shit from there but like
I've got a bed from there a table from
there my couch from Earth like just
cause it's like gorgeous things that
just stand out really wrong in your
house just something simple like a
cabinet for TV what are you doing what a
creep
anyway what the heck is going on here
what why is there tissue paper
I mean cowboy just rotting away no
chance Tom and Gadsby's little walk in
the garden never been down here before
have you made okay I've cradled him like
a baby with my other arm so he's nice
and comfy I've taken him for a walk it
can a the hots of going off it can you
see a squirrel running through the
garden I mean it was like and he's like
loads of magnifiers around so he's kind
of bit like spooked out well what do you
think cats be he's like why is this claw
creams that have great like your house
he supposed to look when I just walking
around near the trees he's like look at
him cute it's a little kid I didn't
think moon is better-looking no that
sounds terrible but like he's just so
much more lovely then his being a little
bastard at the moment she's not being
nice in the slightest what do you think
I think that means my grandad is outside
my house so anything Gadsby you like it
he loves it
all right I don't think you've noticed
him yet have you yeah little Gadsby also
known as no-neck all fast being someone
calling in your car you're not going in
car yeah I don't know I don't know what
she's doing today but why you look so
small
bloody yeah your special dance and you
looking good isn't he fats be don't you
dare even fall out my hands otherwise
I'm gonna lose you probably already
cracked a little bit you like the Pied
Piper of cats just sending the cats
around he goes mad for this one you can
properly get him running around the
house as long as you can see it you'll
lose it but then a Suzy tries and
catches it until he's like a little
Honda and that is in full control of the
kittens right now I sadly just cannot
seem to get this microphone working with
this camera I really don't know why
because I've looked on the web and he
says it's not compatible with other
models from Canon but this one shouldn't
be a problem but I just can't get it
going whatsoever this still I cry every
time it looks absolutely beast mode and
sick for he doesn't do the job so I
can't use it unfortunately meanwhile
having fun I don't know who's more
entertained you or the cats
you have to be always just goes crazy
for it child locks on thank God account
open the door okay now God god help me
it was in a car crash or something
welcome to my granddad's
58-thousand point turn where he's gonna
try and get out of this car park without
scratching he's wheels yeah no drive
forward
I'll do it that wasn't the most
nerve-racking is my granddad about to
rip his bumper off or his tyres off the
bloody car you know what I've left him
alone to just reverse there and stop and
tell you what he's probably crashed into
that post I won't be surprised look at
this eh we got the little coal fire
going it's dead cosy
this is what cats do though look
oh is it I thought I thought that's in
Ripley Alice are you ready
you would naked
hey spot spotting your goon spotting
more good spot anyone got any help so
the Instagram so I'm standing this
explains you thanks I also have face
herpes cold sores are actually a type of
herpes that's why I'm not kissing Lydia
oh come on did you crash into the post
hey gun did have you met Joe Joe sugg
Joe easy come your face show me your
face
show your face let me see it let me see
it spotty ball dude that aggressively
chasing my sister spotty pay sell that
house oh this is a nice warm house but
if you left the door open all the heat
you know donate some myself Anthony I'll
donate like well who can town I will be
shaving it all off November and I'm
gonna look like I hope this disappears
before that otherwise I'll shave it off
I'll reveal my lips in a massive cold
sore it's not he's gone down but we're
gonna what do you think I look like
without moustache in bed it won't look
right it seems fit confirm oh you're
cool and and wife thoughts
oh yeah
beep on our trio of me granddad I know
you've come all this way for your food
but they might have it so looks like you
you're gonna you're gonna continue
starving of what was it hypothermia look
at my dinner we're having a sharing
platter because we're cute it's not a
trio of me it's a duo of me battery did
you enjoy it
we're gonna give it out of 10 that was
very nice actually the food was really
good even though there was a piece of
the dish mission like I said this count
off didn't ask for it that was really
nice of him I think the play was really
nice and yeah I'll actually come back
that it's quite nice 7 You cheeky
boutique it only seven by the way I'll
show you my new triumph soon got a new
one it came well I think it's a street
triple again I'm not really good at
reading brochures or names I just call
it the red one it's uh I think it's like
I think it's nine hundred reduced to six
hundred boom battery's gone out you
can't make it up he reversed it all the
way to here absolutely fine we thought
he was good and my phone battery was
dead stuck on record I said we thought
he was about to get out the car
he reversed into the wall he actually
hit the brick wall I'm hoping it was
just a tap and there's no damage yeah
well he didn't knock the wall over it
wasn't like a crazy
reverse the bumper no just just
scratched it in a bit on it you'll
survive with that he'll be fine
to be fair that parking lot to park up
in is absolutely awful however it was in
a big open space and for some reason
reversed into it his reverse cameras
were going me me me me me to stop even I
wouldn't stop the car
Alice is apparently the queen of
frustration but the queen of losing
Alice has got to get two out and it's
drawn out between whether or not I get a
one already gets a one if she gets it
first cuz she's ahead of me then she
wins by one space so why in the
meanwhile Alice can roll six and get us
out right let him go
if I get one now I think we should I
think what you're doing equal vote right
now he's between being Atlas like oh
she's not stopping I think it's a race
if I get a one or Alice kisses oh you
what are you doing are you quit all
right okay I need anyone to it's between
whether or not I get another go I got
another well I got another go right it's
between it whether Alice can get sick so
I can get one first why I'm the
six-month man don't flex man's got 600
if she gets me out then the game's back
on no Alice don't please okay UK you get
like congratulations well done victory
thank you for spectating grandma's leg
he's going on
someone in the industry of fashion tell
me next time you see me I might have a
bed no this is this is shit your mouth
shut your mouth love you wait what's
coming out the new t-shirts are coming
out that haven't gone yet no no just the
teacher but also okay I'm gonna come to
the u.s. really soon they'll be in city
you ask mid-november
you see all these youtubers like Jaipur
not this plug in their own merch and
stuff I don't have to do it Alice does
it is this a uber for Tommy
yeah dude uber for Tommy just gonna
appreciate me I'll give you a 5 star
rating
get him snacking on his bah humbugs
thank you very much
thank you very much for driving I was
until next time look after yourself yeah
I'll see you when I'm back from London
okay love you brother
drive safe but you know we're driving
along then Indy he didn't know which
button to press to stop it from fogging
up poor dude was driving around with a
fully fogged up Wimmer I pulled him over
and fixed it for Emma she surely mouth
to do itself he'll be all right to me
but after tonight mate got me worried
she got me shook and Livia shoots and
scores
what's she doing she's up she's only
gonna left a bloody yeah I managed to
switch Gadsby at the last second balloon
er and she's like why are we going look
she's still confused but sorry mate I
saw the sorry flash I thought you'd gone
inside desk' then yeah I'm so sorry I
thought you'd gone out the cow what it
was in the out she left her phone in the
car
I would say granddad it's worth some
money you could have sold it bought
she's she smashed it to pieces
Hey look we've got the cat we got the
cat with us we brought the cat right you
lock up her out we'll see you later love
you buddy thank you nice boots boots key
look at the size of a tail she's like I
was in bed comfy five seconds ago
it's okay maybe Drive is a cat loose
aboot the hoose were you doing lunar so
why did you crash it's the wall okay so
they may have been a cat on the
dashboard we don't worry we're on
private property this is absolutely fine
no look at you she knows she's blowin
her scooty first we dead scared but then
the entire way home she was she was just
purring like a mother trucker
look she's a dog cat delivery please I'd
like I'd like one cat one cat this is no
it's no
come on okay okay
look to see a brother at the window like
women here we go
I know you're home what the hell is
going on repeat what you just said for
the record I've never actually seen the
TV show don't know anything about where
and my TV my TV just happened to your
channel because he said I'll show you at
the top of that he says the Syndicates
well I thought that Samsung would name
my TV The Syndicate when they gave me
pretty such a TV show called The
Syndicate oh sorry oh you know what's
going on don't ya we thought it was you
whining boy you get favoritism tonight
to play with us but this little guy by
the way we usually let them up at the
same time but because he keeps peeing on
the shoe oh no no no I'll let you
downstairs tonight but you know it's
like I wanna blow my sister no not
tonight
I'm sorry to be mean but you need to
stop being under stuff I know just in
case people like oh that's not fair it's
boiling we never we've never really left
them like one on their own before we've
never really done that just because we
don't like separate in them but we have
to leave him downstairs just because he
keeps peeing in the bedroom I know guys
be it's okay as I'm stroking him to say
no go downstairs he's purring awake
who's woman--it no okay listen I'm gonna
put you all the way over here under
throw to you look you don't care about
the bus right I see you later hey have a
nice day now
okay why you not like my brother
indicate you can see this but this is
goals as anything we've got little noon
cuddled up on cue I'm watching strange
things look he's like why is your big
night staring at me however a butthole
stinks of poop okay now I'm using the
come again so you can say thank you very
much for watching yeah keep shining the
flashlight over here so we can see us
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
and we'll see you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next daily vlog and by the
way just an FYI on the first of dis I
know you can't see anything don't worry
on the first of December 1st of November
yes there's gonna be a pretty awesome
blog an announcement coming out from
raises so we can't tell what it is or
what's happening put tune in for the
vlog and you will absolutely love it
so until then thank you very much for
watching I love your guys faces and d
yep channel flashlight over is talking
to the outro properly now turn around
watch this works it's about to turn it
right at the lens not we have light
undecided yes they don't think under sir
look good bike can see tomorrow
