this is easily one of the coolest places
I've started a new dawn and a new day
bing-bong time to go and get my bag now
that is a big-ass plane that's what I
usually fly to where lay on big ass
brother turn for the boring part
waiting for my bag to arrive I said this
in yesterday's vlog this is the first
time I've ever checked a bag in in
probably five years guarantee it's
either lost damaged or something's been
stolen oh yeah is it all still there
damn right I think it is that's a win
wait like two seconds because we sent it
first-class that's one hell of a
suitcase you knew it was gonna happen we
it was too good to be true that you know
I'm about to their dead quit we're gonna
be playing dead cricket literally
leaving as we speak my dad comes over to
me with a face like a dropped ass I'm
like that what's wrong I've left
something on the plane
I've left my table
good job good job I only have an 8
percent battery left on my phone my
Mophie phone case battery's dead my
dad's battery's dead but oh my god did I
realize something
my dad's a genius for reminding me that
this case comes in with a built-in
battery pack look at that so I can even
plug it into my case oh look eject it
out and is it charged yeah damn right
it's got some juice in it and this is a
really good charging thing this is
10,000 milliamp so this can charge your
phone like twice so I'm a very happy
little camper right now take - moment of
truth will it often yep I could see that
design for coming a mile away
right what's the situation gonna be What
did he say
an hour a ticket oh my god I'd love to
say I'm gonna be a really nice sort of
stay there with my dad but yes like an
hour to wait for it and I'm exhausted so
I've got my own house he's got house I'm
gonna go home sleep
whilst he stays here and waits for it
cuz just simply can't do it
he's watching the vlog I like how my dad
couldn't be asked way in to get stuff
back so it was like you know what you
can keep it and you enjoyed it go and
set that new phone of me you got
everything you know let anything go I
love you wait what's this oh go fuck
yourself so I'm continuing to live like
a potato over here but that was an
amazing trip to say it was so last
minute I would have loved to have taken
Lydia but I had a really good time like
that it is just like an international
jetsetter now and I couldn't be more
proud of him if you had a vlogging
camera in his hand and booked the whole
thing man you would have seen a whole
new perspective so a good time again
sounds and thanks to flying as I it was
absolutely I take the fact that you guys
gave him others gave him a phone he's
unreal he's like he was like the
happiest guy in the world so he's about
to renew his phone contract and have to
pay for a new phone but instead nope oh
sweet home and I think my gates are
broke um I'm gonna try somewhat
dangerous here and I'm gonna try and do
this nope big boot and kick to it did
not work em indeed home it's good to be
back BAE nice to see you I can't wait to
ride the triumph and where I am come on
come forward you know what you've done
that's quick shit on his bed to be
further they didn't actually shit on my
bed however they did piss on my bed this
morning
Lydia said she was in the shower came
out and saw a massive puddle of piss oh
gods be piss on the bed so somewhere oh
my god this room smells like urine it's
disgusting somewhere on this it took a
bit old pee great for like two weeks two
weeks he's not done anything he's got
peanut anyway he's got food anywhere
he's been like the perfect cat and then
the one day I'm coming home from a trip
he decides to pee on the bed I don't
know why does it eat he had a litter
tray in there he's not peed on here in
like again like two weeks I've
some reason he just felt it necessary
great package for me not too sure what
this is didn't order anything
where are you you in there ah there you
are I don't know whether to like give
you attention or just kind of like leave
you alone today because I'm not exactly
after any poos anywhere and I've got to
say man you look huge like by the way
we're not gonna call you Gadsby anymore
we're actually gonna call him no-neck
because he's that fat that he literally
has no neck
you know you're off to a great start of
being home when the moment you get home
your lip hurts and I've got a cold sore
ah one eat find out who the hell put
this in my house for honestly the
longest time every time I shut that door
in there you started the blog before I
went out to New York every time I shut
that door I heard a noise but I just
figured it was like something moved in
my house on a washing machine nose dad's
because he like sings to you when it's
finished and stuff she's like no I'll be
fine it's nothing until this this door
gets closed and I really find out it was
that so you can hear it it's creeping me
the hell out this is why the wife is the
best oh my lord I the wife is like dude
I went to get on the motorway and there
was no sign saying it was closed or
anything like that got on the motorway
and it was closed
I had to reverse off the boat boy it was
terrifying she's calling me a wimp
actually just drove and apparently all
we just arrived at Nando's a bonus Bank
with me already for me and a drink this
is why she's the best
my lord that and the fact that we've
only got 15 minutes until the movie stay
all right
she's cold she's frosting over get me
inside and Lydia's left me I'm jokin she
drove there separately so she's driving
up flambe here's my little Cruiser the
gates that closing I thought you could
be right behind me yeah I use my phone
to open the gate so I could drive
straight in like a boss come on in the
Cubs in scouts you know why I always
come prepared this cold sore is on
another fucking planet right now
absolutely gigantic so I get some salt
pour cream hot sauce cream in my car to
keep this shit welcome to my life right
now my cleaner couldn't get inked I was
in New York so all my bedding is on here
drying I have zero bedding in there I
then run over to my spare room you're
staying here instead but it's not got
any bedding on it because I was in hell
with recently stated it's in the wash so
we're now using the backup backup room
which is gonna be this one which is just
surrounded by junk I just look like I've
been in a war zone I'm so tired
the cats are absolutely scratch me in
this cold sore
mmm none of em right well I could tell
you it's good to be home again and I do
have to out for today's vlog boy I've
got a bit of a like a little bit of a
talk I need to ask you guys about and
it's a bit of a do or I don't worry now
I said recently that I'm all about
saying yes to travel an adventure and
all that sort of stuff but the one time
in my life that I don't really like
traveling in adventure rink is around
Christmas I love being home for
Christmas I want to like decorate my
house loads I want you know it's my
first Christmas with Lydia so so
December I kind of want to be home and
enjoy the festive spirit of like if
you're from Manchester especially the
Kris
market so like the greatest thing on
earth you've got you've got beer
you've got more wine you got you've got
kitty cats is there cat behind there as
well
how come you guys are choosing these out
of all the beds sofas and everything
they can sell on you're choosing to
Silla you're a weird cat well it's just
an amazing amazing time now my problem
is a while back had talked about going
to Africa and I was like totally now
let's do a dick Boak talk to all people
I couldn't take certain trips couldn't
go in certain adventures just because I
was booked in for Africa then Africa
fell through anyway I'll do it a later
day and I was like brilliant and it's
like a charity thing it's really awesome
what it is it's about taking like iPads
down to Africa setting up there building
solar power stations for them and so we
can charge the right pads and the iPads
that they've got are the certain work
services whatever there I've got like a
whole 12 months of like educational
lessons on them so it's like a really
really awesome thing I don't want to do
it but they came back to me said hey if
you're gonna be doing it it's gonna be
like late November to like December 14th
which means I miss so much of December
being off in Africa now I have an
amazing time and everything but I don't
know whether or not to say yes to going
to Africa and like the earth is the
safari and is doing the awesome stuff
which is helping out for this charity
which I'm totally for like you know
obviously it's better to pick the
charity stuff for like my favorite time
of year is Christmas I love being with
my friends I will be my family and now
it's not my first Christmas melibea
so I really want to spend as much time
with her as possible so I'm just a bit
like some advice as to what I should do
what she didn't do what's the best way
to balance this and I might be like take
Libya to Africa with you I'd love to but
she's got a full-time job she's a
teacher so I can't do that so that's my
predicament that I'm in I know to some
like my below this distributors
particular never but to me it's a
difficult one because I really want to
be here for like friends and family
enjoy Christmas if you look a weird way
of looking at it I'm 25 24 years old now
let's say I've only got another 50
Christmases ahead of me I know that she
would they were like that that's where
I'm at so if you guys could advise me
what I should do I'd really appreciate
that but nonetheless I do you have to
outwit today's vlog I meant to mention
this two days ago so that's when I found
out but I just completely forgot I was
caught up in New York so I have to go
now I'm gonna tickle this kittycat down
here look at how freaked out he's gonna
be like what is going
none so I'm gonna leave now what he is
pushing me away
cheers mate make sure you leave a like
crane subscribe and we we okay we'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. is it far I
think he just farted and walked away it
stinks and we will see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the nextel bug so until
then thanks for watching much love to
faces and I saw the horse
