morning
you tell you right now it's a pretty
miserable day or in England cuz you know
there's not just rain outside this rain
on my windows I've got to quickly get on
down to Cindy because I need to get a
package sent to a man of a man of a man
and I don't get that four o'clock the
cat number one is fed and I'm gonna feed
myself with the one and only guff a lot
different stud books this actually might
be only like a medium that's got four
quid or something for that then you
probably gain twice as much liquid but
this is only close to quit it's perfect
amount you need gets you going
feeling good feeling rest and good
morning look a bit dark
nice dish Steven oh I'm gonna minute I
know eyes looking dark turn around show
us your face
what he's okay he's okay
they called me they call me Scarface are
you mounting still are you shredding I
think oh sure oh my god you look so good
in this life Steve bloody hell
like a baby dragon model breakfast is
served Steven enjoy capture get my
things
oh good one fat cat does what yours is
like oh oh now you know you want food
don't you
you know you want food you know you want
food you know you want you know you want
you know you want food cuz in the winter
of these kittens it was no net bastard
and then there was a third one which was
actually the friend friendliest that was
more but it was a dead wolf e-version it
was like a long-haired version something
of a cat and the like parently really
rare so yeah you know what we've got all
three hell no because that's a lot of
cat poo you liking that good you joined
it yep
okay well you guys enjoy your mush I
really cannot wait for someone to come
back to the UK I know we've got a long
winter ahead of us but as soon as summer
rolls around
I'm gonna throw some parties down here
gonna be in the hot tub
it's gonna be nice just could be nice
nice it's nice to see my trees
thickening out you member like what
moved into the house you see like the
way we've built the house everything
like that yo your privacy over there you
got trees down there not a problem but
over here there's like a house like
right there because they angled the
house to look across the field and same
with that one it's kind of a bit of a
weird design but whatever they did fine
but like there's not really a lot of
privacy from that house looking over
look who's only one old woman who lives
there so you never really see anyone
that's why I've got the privacy glass
there so I'm on top they don't want the
kalmyk over exposed to can't really see
into like the pool room but I'm growing
these trees and they've been growing
like what four years since I've been
moved in and they're getting there
they're getting thicker and bigger but I
bought them when they were baby little
trees like this maybe like maybe like
this high off the ground what I didn't
know is that you could buy the trees
like that high already so if I were to
bought them at that height already they
would have been or time to size by now
yeah I messed up with that one book we
get in their gardener Tom you know you
grown man decisions you have to make in
the world oh okay well I'm a medium
ladies and gentlemen the first ever sold
zip hoodie in the UK is here
well sure my own big s yeah this is this
is I'm wearing big a bit of big s Chris
had custom tags custom tags looking good
the same as the jumpers we do yes
finally get a zip look down on the front
go bam bam bam I really want by the way
if you didn't know the XO XO t-shirts
just came out in the US they put out in
the UK soon and the zip up version came
out as well Oh
oh I love you too I think you're wearing
something see you later hey go get that
controller to that guy baby Luke if
you're watching this mom if you're
watching this run oh yeah like my jacket
in there I swapped my jacket for a
hoodie
oh well no bother what was I saying yeah
baby Luke on Luke Woodward man man just
in case you wonder where's my bloody
control of that control that I wouldn't
we just have to take care of the
shipping and all the massive orders but
my mom is actually as we speak going
dropping it off at the post office now
it should have a signed delivery with it
so you should receive it to my game
which was awesome really turn on there
we go
so streamed for 11 and a half hours
yesterday I've now got an hour and a
half before I need to be open Lydia at
the truck antenna so what I'm doing
between that time stream stream is over
I'm still big potato Jeep oh my god if
you were in my stream if you're watching
this yesterday my last game I got like
13 kills and came second place in pub G
the gameplay was that good I think I'm
gonna post up my main gaming channel but
oh my lord
that was the Lydia steadiest
high-pitched thing nothing so really
good stream feeling good feeling
motivated get to travel Senate seat
await the fastest I've ever got to try
the center in my life because I was like
speeding or anything like uh it was just
no traffic if you I want to go to the
trumpet senator it turns out 6:45 is the
perfect time to do it 6:45 didn't hit
any traffic whatsoever and I'm Paul
Vinick on the space straightaway the
wheel still doesn't really have a lot
don't figure you've just gotta love the
Trafford Centre it's just beautiful in
it I don't really understand the point
of that I know it's supposed to look
like a bow and everything but I don't
get that I don't think I ever have is
that wishing well what is it I'm really
going down to London to Ascot to meet up
with Tim this weekend and me to look
good the wife's got beautiful dress we
have some cream to get rid of it yeah
everyone tweets me on a daily basis like
hey Tom uses cream no but using no cream
oh wow it's such a good job folding now
if L don't babe you're made for chipping
oh pretty Chinese chipping with me then
please it makes sense in Chinese I get
salt and pepper chicken for free every
day so I need to get a fitted suit we're
going tomorrow but I think I'll be able
to get it now get it fitted and then
even pick up tomorrow ready in time for
going down to Scott go to Masood ready
with jeans with my jeans a nightmare
fuel oh my gosh it's a talking Christmas
tree as a kid I used to walk past these
and just like almost cry I love
Christmas trees I just pick talking ones
chili squid bait number one yeah these
look like mini mince pies do not think
they look they're dry but they supposed
to be they're dry alright I was gonna
say they don't like pastries but this is
our second plate of the table I've got a
little glass of coke and the wife he is
eating everyone's like it's a wife okay
he's a wife okay she's okay the next
dish hit chick kitchen kitchen katsu
chicken katsu with rice great for
sharing all this by the way but look how
much food this is already the table
continues to grow
oh my lord oh my lord
all mate we've added way too much food
that's a lot this right well some begun
coming oh my god but then we've all have
way too much people they look so damn
good this dish
coriander coriander coriander coriander
coriander Tim we forgot to ask without
coriander that's the one dish that is
habitat well be thinner wagon Mama's
coming with it so much pressure safe to
say I done try my best try my best and
tried my best
we feasted like kings how much does it
cost you to replace the iPhone X screen
it cost like nearly 300 bit so I bought
Apple Care which is cheaper so if I
smash it then I get pretty one this is
the clip that I had but how much is it
how much is it hundred could I can't
believe a broke up I broke a 100 pound
lens huh that's possibly the biggest ice
cream I've ever been given in my life
yes shout out to the team at thought the
guy was serving the ice cream he was
like looking down serving they go which
one I mean when it is poke that ice
cream looks so goddamn good look look at
how much it's like overfilling
overflowing sorry but go pick up a soup
now hopefully it's ready and altered and
then my jaw oh
photos miles
I was spying on the wife but reads thank
you very much for my suit it is nice and
done he's happy eating her industrial
amount of ice cream you thought this was
a lot look how much she's got how much
ice cream you got is that a liter of ice
cream did they went to town for you DIY
this war two pounds over exact yeah I
know I do
it's the melatonin melanin melatonin
excuse me sir instead of guarding the
door can you come so as a tie right what
is with this shop they have way it's
called mas Bros but they're advertising
guys with cats fresh pressure
Trevor and stretch renter like it's it's
a serious problem 300
he's got the keyless open and where is
the cat to grief me hello yes that is
the cutest thing I've ever seen you in
jeez
introducing Lydia the unicorn what it
looks like a sea horse on the fraud
no this is clearly obviously magic miss
oh my god you know I can dress up as you
could be a unicorn I can be a cookie
monster or a penguin
you could choose cookie months from a
penguin listen that kite is just awful
the doors open you can literally just
come here and see it but no it just sits
down hang on girls girls girls got a
unicorn got me in bed I'm wiggling my
hips but you can't see it that was with
and we're watching Punisher look at that
magnificent man look at him
beautiful I'm actually I was saying this
I'm so bad this guy yeah I'm Joey just
say these things
