said new dawn a new day in New York wait
that's actually someone's staring at me
right there what the hell I got changed
fully naked with that window open I've
done that anyway time to start myself a
new dear go and meeting Ken in the lobby
we're gonna get some breakfast and then
we've got like and I want to have to
kill before we need to go to the event
good spot really good spot I just
thought that was like a light and
decoration but that's the swimming pool
above the lobby oh my god oh well wanna
swim naked in there no they're all comes
of beer in the American plugs Dale
that's sick this is why I'm Miss America
breakfast search for 11:30 a.m. oh yes
and what am I going for today Belgian
waffle has to be done how you can say
that did what
hey my mind is not working apparently
it's how you start your day right laughs
take that sir as a voter one waffle
chicken sausage it's actually super
tasty but it looks kind of sketchy all
right this is where we're going on the
High Line we got to walk along the big
old bridge maybe truth can we get some
time to be able to rent them and ride
all around the city the proper way from
my dad to explore smell that smell like
the smell of piss oh yeah Oh hole ball
peepee oh it's like a hurricane you just
raised
you can watch cows go by that is
actually pretty neat but just terrible
of you I think I was right in saying
this used to be an old railway bridge
because if you look through these bushes
you can see there's your rail traffic
there's the whole railroad track
what a great use to put it to you right
might make a really nice little
pedestrian walkway it's called the High
Line by the way if you didn't pick up on
this already this is where people can
walk along beautiful cowboy woo in New
York make so much money off car backs
like we saw a few places and it was like
$20 now I even saw one place was
thirty-six dollars an hour to park your
car think of how much
this place is making and his spaceship
down there as well it's ridiculous
this is wrong on so many levels this is
a human of eating a whale in a horse in
a lizard eating a dog
it's the ultimate centerpiece I couldn't
even imagine how much the other parts
bust I wish I had my wide-angle lens to
try and fit this scale and but look at
what is this building what is this my
dad said it looks like a theme park
lore'l are they sent me some face cream
thanks you're in good company so I guess
this is all the companies inside here or
what's gonna be in here but I'm truly
mega confused about what that is if
someone knows what that is can you
please tweet me the concept out of what
that's supposed to be going to because
that looks fucking dope that is
absolutely freaking out over the size of
this screen and rightly so that is a big
old screwing there's no brand goddamn
new and it's gorgeous
hey Alice I heard you like handbags so
there's a few thousands of Tampax
this is what I like is this stuff
traveling traveling around in big SUVs
what's a man-hater
yeah my dad was taking a shit this is a
pretty good start right now we've gotta
sew some red wine we've got some time
capacity over here I see I see you
rockin the swag as always there's like a
million from one like youtubers and
streamers and stuffing we got close to
going around the table saying hello to
everyone
we've got Devin Supertramp over here man
man absolutely willing to pieces I go
say hi right now it's about food one
yeah good spot the entire ceiling is
made out of wine cause that's a lot of
fucking alcohol well Casey you did good
man
well no you Samsung did good my
apologies it it fucking killed it I'm
how you like it done just take it into
super
two years how much would he hate me if I
stole his camera
like just just pick it up off the side
and walk up of it yo we weren't we
weren't planning on taking your camera
but my dad's gonna take your job my debt
my ta go all right that there's Casey's
camera this is what vlogging is like no
you're gonna point at you know you got a
plate you vlogging I'm gonna go ahead
and take Casey's camera and switch it to
mind immediately
well this camera is smaller than your
microphone how is this
quality it's it's it's the good stuff in
the audience for technology so are you
are you trying to say that you're more
professional than all these guys who
don't actually have them really case is
recommending the good stuff say this is
something that I I should lose this but
instead I just use this I don't know man
you can take this into a strip club a
nightclub all sorts of stuff it's the
greatest wow that's so lightweight great
David Wow thanks thanks for getting me
in trouble right now big travel big
trouble definitely us-canadian about me
getting married with Lydia certainly
something I'm getting thanks guys I
really appreciate you so come to the
wedding though if I can action sequence
forget to the to the wedding like walk
down the aisle like parachute in
Assumption I went to the time like two
minutes and I've completely lost my dad
but even doing oh I tell you what you
have to get forward come on now I'm have
to correct Group one Casey I'm gonna
have to steal you dance
wait yeah how many times you been run
over wait no wait no come would
literally the wouldest of wood you can
get but look you could be you could be
as safe as you possibly can but one
person it takes what it takes one idiot
okay okay dude hey it's not as expensive
in the UK as it is in LA so don't get
excited
so go on awesome dude yelling Matt these
homies legends yep like you met Casey
nice that the og like godfather of
blogging some guy sound guy are you
gonna become professionally boosted
boards and shit
oh yes I like right now we've got like a
couple oh my god that's the that's the
one we'll treat and a head in the clouds
that yesterday we could see all the way
to the top of that building right now we
can't see sure we've got from now so
like 7:30 now being let me check my plug
it's nearly 3:00 o'clock so we've got
from now until 3 o'clock so 7 o'clock
3 till 7:00 until we have to be it like
this should be evening event and then
there's like a party afterwards so well
cruise down to the the Morial place
again at the World Trade Centers check
that out and then we're gonna go to the
like the big statue of the bull near
Wall Street just cause I've never been
there so my point has to go so next
election and we made it we made it in
the daytime oh no I think what's in the
fountains off sometimes in the daytime I
don't know if it's always off or on at
night or something but sometimes it's on
sometimes it's off but yeah this is
where we were last night take a look
over this over the night time crazy in
it now you can see like all the
buildings everything around there there
it is hit it in the clouds
spooky very very spooky and this is all
the names that I believe the people who
passed away or also the people who who
helped out I'm not 100% on either that
peace information they keep us all kind
of crazy yeah the other one is over
there but a problem I'd have to turn
into some sort of tour guide so well
done Ken thank you get tip the second
tower busy
kind of even area with the brain foot as
you can see I'm not too sure why depends
if accountants are on or off for their
young this one done this is a tribute to
the entire evidence that just walked
into no joke a high school to try and
use the toilet so how did it go using
the high school's Tyler's dad likes that
we made it to Wall Street booms this is
where the money at
is what a black jet put money it can
turn shit you are so very we're very
very god save me my dad made a mistake a
proper mistake we were outside that
museum there and we walked that way we
didn't know that if we would have just
turned around here is the Raging Bull
yeah I think this is like the just
defiant girl or something so you've got
like the ball the ball ready to just
test or fuck but then the little girl
being like nope I don't know ever this
got put here by the city or whether or
not this got added on like overnight you
know I people just like snuck over set
it up and then run away I don't know how
you get away with that for I'm not sure
whether it was good at that time whether
it was purposely caught that book the
defiant girl against can't believe that
we got so wet through coming to see this
book when like yeah it's nice to see it
I like I think it's stopped raining now
a little bit but we walked here
yesterday yes sir we were at that museum
front door and just didn't know if we
would just turn around
either there ever got wet and came Tina
not sure why that person taking a
picture of the bull's ass or whatever
but are they particularly he's not
everybody's look how many people have
touched it
he's got that shiny nuts that how many
people have rubbed his balls no oh I'm
doing it I'm going for it don't even
care don't care oh yeah oh yeah go on
give him a tickle go on go on
don't poke his balls articulate what are
you doing
stroke
yeah this is the most explicit thing
I've ever doing my dad in his life to
kill this both Bulls balls over me
nothing but pure father Sonja bonding
here at live guitar you know Bulls balls
it's just just how we do it what we're
doing how we do and successfully found
himself at their house oh nice this was
my suggestion we're gonna try one just
one oyster each each each no you guys
sounds a bit to wash it down with but
we're gonna try and iced it this isn't
going to end well be stuck on some
tomorrow stuff okay this this looks
terrible
can't wait
I think um what did it tasted nice poor
reveals I will may need my dad for five
seconds if he bumps into the sky I need
to know who he is immediately because
dancing legends and I wish me once don't
get me wrong I may be 100 sarong but I
almost feel like this is the guy did the
video with Katy Perry cuz this guy can
just absolutely you mean dude this kid's
got sunglasses on his feet by the way
he's got matching sunglasses - yeah this
guy's about to be your best friend
holy shit what this is the Hindenburg oh
that is a crazy photo but an even crazy
one is that's it I think I'm pretty sure
that's the painting they're not real but
the very polluted city of New York with
a boat approaching but that is real oh
my god that's crazy I want to say what
are those but I need to tell you what
our then rumpus what the hell's a romper
what's a romper this way watch
Wow speed walking oh yeah oh yeah what a
beautiful man and he's gone okay that's
just me left on my own Matthew romps
away did my dad know that's far behind I
know he's password but I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna log in I need is a
front-facing camera I'm this yeah
now I can absolutely spam it and fill my
dad's memory up with just photos of me
so that if you're watching this I'm not
sorry
so what was your work mess you just you
just caught me up it was just a mess you
look at your photos but you look at your
gallery man have a look at that what's
this new oh my oh my god is he crazy
scam okay fattiest oh wow swipe again
swipe again again another one look again
another one and then look at the quality
of my doo-doo doo-doo I'm very proud of
you for bringing me out it's my man
that's a pest problem my man thank you
no good wave
look the white mud doesn't want to give
away and the other one doesn't want to
give waster like darkness fuck you man
oh he's won he's won the big one one I
guess they found him each the agreements
okay okay way here there we're there
and we need to go up we need to go up
this way look we just mop here a just
took there all right and now we're on
the road there yeah
and now we're gonna walk up I'm coming
you that is where the bull is my PD ten
thousand reward for arrest conviction
for anyone shooting in my pleasing what
what's call 1-800 copshop that's crazy
wait what is this thing conviction of
inulin shooter and why PC Jesus courtesy
professionalism respect CP R that means
something else where I'm from but
whatever we don't know ever going we're
just gonna wing it
I've actually never in my entire life
even when I came back here ages ago with
legs never actually used the subway so
wish me luck underground never been won
this before in my life actually very
excited reason why actually came a
reflex and then we went to got a train
and he said no I don't know what it is
we ended up leaving the underground
so when we ended up leaving in the
garden I thought the cops a so we've
lent him the ground and then just got to
universe so I'm never up to Y on the
ground so now we're going to burn the
ground for the first tab and admission
is like one day on the ground but bad I
mean
you know why it's worth because being
buried in the land
Rick
yeah this one thank you I thought it yes
freshers football
together
and a busy
well you get up the train which is
absolutely pumped and we're now off at
42nd Street which should take this up
kind of around New Times Square but if
me my dad don't find a teller about to
ourselves so fingers crossed
yeah we go oh my god oh yo is that say
still daytime hoodie L we're on that
train for so fucking long this is time
to it whoa
all right we made it oh yeah how about
that toilet we now need to find the
toilet as soon as possible so just watch
the news file where we can get drink yes
where we can buy a drink is where the
keys toilets so boom tønsberg me my dad
would like we're dying for the tires to
answer but we're gonna trim absolute
like citycam like there's no way you
know now but now I'm in the building I
need some bubblegum true so Horace come
yeah mama my mama said love is like a
box of chocolates you never know what
you gon get
and here we are bubble room true I don't
think it has anything to do with the
film but you know what we're gonna try
and go to old shrimp and America we've
got tan square over here okay and we got
Times Square over there well my dad's
being a little oh my god yes hey wait
Ken Ken Ken look look look at my iPhone
screen look
wait was your gun well I swear that said
o close a minute ago what the fuck hey
Ken don't drink your drink you're gonna
drink the pickling this is how you
should do it though
this is the perfect way to pick a drink
you ready hey kid you want a drink
you're gonna have a dine and a redeem no
drink next time we can have a buffers
balloon Hawaiian I actually won that
where's she going come back this is what
I want it suits you sir
mate my mom looked over but I guarantee
the taste sour all the lights are like
stars
let's see if this fixes it
little bit get that Cajuns it's got
shells on it
you gotta peel it up it's got a little
it's been a little skinny show got a
little little bit of this but we got
some pleasing shrimp and it's looking
good
I'll show the guys that location oh yeah
yeah the fuck you know you know me from
my youtube videos right so does this guy
but on his wrist
that's my logo that's my logo now I get
for you - told you it well go take what
you think I'm skirt night kinda crazy
bro really nice to see mom kinda crazy
dude there it is Oakley Oakley my man I
did see it I knew I seen it it was a
nuclear I love American license places
please Holly Johnny Joe hey what's your
name ally John we're in the right
location for the right time
so we need to head to destination five
which is like six blocks away oh oh kill
them can you looking so fine look at
this Matt Yocum Dean can well the New
York you're looking good my friend
you're looking good I like this look at
the hairstyle I said you're looking good
god damn kids daddy wait what the
hairstyle I said you don't need a
haircut fresher than the mofo right
insane that's a lot of people because
I'm assuming that's where we're going
Katie tweeted out like who if you are in
New York come to this area so I'm
assuming that's why everyone is outside
Sampson
you got your wristbands oh my gosh I'm
saying well you know you're now owned by
the company
yeah yeah we got we got your boy jesse
wellens in line right now working
rocking his brawny rows of wine lose
that damn get their precious
motherfucker yo Devon explain while this
is measured in 12 cellphones 112 phones
Oh
this is heavy
there's a hundred plus cell phones cream
on the image
mind blown Osito
I seen it on several screens right now
they've not just got touchscreen
they've got touchscreen as big as the
wall so you can't open the oven touch
zoom in dragons ooh look at this which
bit do you want to look at what time is
it
Oh how temperature what time is it how
long for no you do not know you guys
wait wait I need a new vacuum and you
see Monsieur
I wanna release yeah dude no I'm gonna
check it out look at this skirt no this
is so sick well dad welcome to real some
yeah we got a fire up here they got food
they got phones they got Chaves they got
seats they got they got VR they got beer
I'm good that's a fridge right there
what have you just donated wait no I
don't understand what you've done
did he take a selfie and then
can I do Elia is this called the
graffiti wall and it consists of like
100 Galaxy Note 8 so I wrote syndicate
across a and you're damn right I did
with Frank yeah look at that life of Tom
syndicate
I'll get that but you gotta write G cos
doctor my life
G X dot I know we reset them all got
names yet my dad managed to graffiti on
it G cross dot and I wrote live to shop
make the most of it
dude this place is actually really sick
baby boy tonight is that Samsung agreed
to let us students without having a
single Samsung person come up here is
it's like you know Paul was out here I
mean I meant years ago we did like crash
the Oscars we literally were thrown out
of the Oscars it was their fucking fault
but tonight's video the maxim show is
literally the video that Lincoln Center
to like a thousand people you pitch
that's right I was really worried that
pitching a roomful of filmmakers one of
my is I've just lost a lot of sleep over
who's gonna take that idea and do it
better than me first
so hopefully I'd be most and when you
test anywhere everywhere as a casual in
LA wearing like a tie and a dress shirt
is weird so it's like it's a special
occasion where I actually did
seriously look at this right now this is
a Samsung phone with a monitor and lens
and a zoom function like that that is
actually that's like when I plug in my
mobile phone that is one with a mobile
phone on steroids do not orange it's not
cheap try it just try it a little bit
just buy it it's hot
what is it this guess what that is gone
guess what is that we're not chopped
what I'm just a it's very difficult to
change what is it how about a macaroni
cheese ball what a macaroni cheese ball
macaroni cheese boat yeah we did just
eat chocolate so fair enough I know what
I did my dad would have a good time but
my dad is using everything is like I'm
gonna beat you all right his name taking
selfies in the water also stuff so I'm
really glad or as I am I'm really good
I could bring my dad
- something like this is a random
adventure but you know what we did it
but that's but are you taking photos I
might yes come out yes I have pickles
did you have a nice time in Samsung that
shit bro oh yeah oh yeah you watch it
you'll have it yes so for me did you
have a nice time it's be great
alright next place we're going now we're
going to the hi come on oh come on meet
this guy come on come on
ya Yin we now leave the Samsung event to
head to the standard a little we have to
walk one block over work to the next PI
we rolled from here to there
I'm pretty I say this isn't a
unconfident I'm pretty nice pretty sure
we're going in here and then up there to
a bar if I'm wrong so you just randomly
in the streets okay we walk in from a
weird exit to the some nerd walls but oh
my God look at this walk down this
crystal a staircase so one of the
sickest views of New York I'm assuming
money can buy this is truly incredible
look just look just look at I can't even
tell what you guys can see just simply
cuz my brightness of my phone is so low
so I hope
see some of it if not I'm sorry I failed
you almost positive you can see me now
because I'm now about to take a shit
whilst looking across all of New York
this is a knitted it's a texture in
front of the window so it's not awkward
well this is a pure glass window and I'm
gonna pull down my pants and sit on a
toilet whilst looking nothing but a New
York skyscraper I like how that last by
the way to trade off last time I was
here it was just this it was just you a
bit away and then the people there so I
think since last time you can upshift i
they've installed this so a bit of
netting so that people can't see through
it so that I line you still get to see
the stake and this yellow light oh my
god I'm going to say that's a light from
the reflect because this is a light from
there but that he's actually the Empire
State Building holy shit looks cool
anyway everything I'm saying here is
just me stalling myself taking a poo so
be right back I left my den alone for
like 10 minutes and then this happened
this town is Ken is like literally
hitting the dog daddy yeah oh oh
I'm like this like this no you will not
teach my dad how to do the job it's over
ever
he went sixty-two years without knowing
how to do it and you will not start it
now this is the most this is your this
is your YouTube channel George George
this is their like it's not a laughable
I think like this is seriously cool
because this is what I did honest to God
be honest I would steal I would steal
when other people found the radios know
what I would do
so honey how do you feel like I don't
know man I don't like to involve myself
with that kind of stuff
oh no this was this was just for the
vlog right now this is getting into
Curtis fans so things went from zero to
100 real quick yes as they say fuck Wow
as if the worst person I could bump into
tonight he's such a bad vlogger please
subscribe it will make him feel better
so know that person is getting his arms
up subscribe also thanks I really
appreciate I'm so sorry about her you
know she's going through a lot she's uh
she's I also realized that she's
struggling in life things happening yeah
yeah hormones it could be a hormone
today also it's troubled past
you know shit I used to work at a diner
and your boss yeah I know about the
diner and the boss and things though
things don't end too well I'm gonna go
go ahead and speak to my dad and my
dad's gonna say raises and dough needs a
good and then you might go what's that
from America but like anything other
than drugs so I'm gonna void it super
for me I'm up to get you home is room
issue before me mate so okay
