oh you can't make me cow bad anyone amen
anybody come to sing me a song okay I'll
come and eat breakfast it's crisp it's
calm and it's connect
good morning wife looking very nice why
bits that we leave it
leaving Ginny yeah so we're going want
you to play today
try and go get a coffee then go watch
the play before we got KR badge on all
day and hopefully we could store the
bags we couldn't store them somewhere in
there like the plate like the culprit if
not we're almost at the theater but
we'll just look at English architecture
Somerset House
it's beautiful in it no not you you are
nice for nose nice is that and here we
are to see our boy Sean manage to check
the bags super can relax we've got half
an hour we're not we're not late we're
actually early for something for once
let's go check the backs we're gonna get
a coffee
no so we're going seeing the play that
goes wrong apparently it's really really
good so I'm very excited for it and I
gotta finish this because they can take
it off me here we go we're making it to
our seats I'm pretty sure I just saw
Sean walk through there right now
Sean charge sure we know that guy's
called Sean
there he is oh wait are we beginning oh
oh it started I just thought he was
setting up shut the door Sean always
broke the bloody door
you guys should remember Sean because
he's Brian terrorize his friend the girl
he grew up going to school together and
then we went to
ssam Nia we met Sean again there down in
London about with him for drinks and he
was like watch me to play I mean rolling
it up we also lost aiming
and Yemen's gone like truly properly
hilarious like so no shots Lucas for his
dog it's just hundred as this have you
seen this dog his name is Winston please
let me know Trevor he's the only good
thing in act 2 it's your best interest
to assist my search do not approach him
I'll surprise him he's a biter found the
CD but not the case keep looking
staged or staged on various biggest ones
we clap when he walked out this thing
I'm gonna run off with him to dinner
before his next showing light to Napa so
now entering a place called mash the
mashed potato at the end of modern
American mash what an American
steakhouse mush no I actually thought
this is a place because it's called mash
that did stuff about potatoes like
really fancy potatoes no it was actually
called modern American states sorry I
mean yeah I thought you brought this was
to a potato house yo this is hella nice
Wow this is looking like a hella nice
menu you got caviar you got oysters
uh-huh I don't think I want any of them
I keep choking on them Lobster Thermidor
that's a nice little salad you have that
nice little plate of ham but half of
that ham looks terrible and oh my God
look you I couldn't have picked a better
dish look at this the perfect slices of
ham I for taste test
what are you doing what do you do what
to be honest you do buy me a lot of Pama
home so Navin amazing decisions have
been made right I'm gonna check your
reaction to your steak yes
here's got chili cheese balls chili
fries macaroni and cheese potatoes
what's this Oh God
meat we got meat yo this place is hella
fancy look at this this is one of the
private dining rooms which is raving
look at that very nice very fancy and
probably very expensive the bill is
called the damage so when you go oh
what's the damage it's already sick
right now
he beats Terrorizer he beat Sean it
beats mini Lud Sean I'm sorry thanks to
your awesome play tonight bought it's my
favorite that my uber driver called me
to say that to say that really the road
was closed whether your restaurant was
so have to walk on foot with the bags to
get to the uber to make it in time to
the train station so let's see how this
goes oh my god the lights are on
I don't know why this trip I'm not too
sure why I doesn't all right there's a
charity ball but look how nice this is
Oh
beautiful yes as a nice quick uber next
stop to the train station our train we
thought was booked for eight o'clock is
actually for a fast eh so we got 15
minutes you want to get some biscuits
Yes No maybe so not even add a hundred
oh nothing but the good stuff gonna go
for a lactate to keep me awake and I
guess I get to take this milk as well
yes well it's like the world's
worthwhile favorite sure whatever when
you get here stop okay van right look at
all these people running to their
destinations we go to platform 5
Manchester here we come I really like
your Twizy skirt I'm also not looking
cool
I thought it wouldn't be so scary but
that was actually petrifying Manchester
calling at Stockport xr1 we want that
bonfire know what that is on the front
of it that's not a milkshake that's what
it's got a bird look these feathers on
the front of it that's where it's
because this goes it like 200 miles per
hours in a while that this is it at
seven on four seven seven months right
you ladies just literally how we keep
count but anyway so you know we that way
because you can always around on my
friends of mine say this is the father
now what do you think of blogging now
that we've been around see like I don't
think you're intrusive at all
try not to me it's just that natural in
it like it's just we just don't watch
the vlog and it's just we just said ever
have that many blog yesterday yeah and
we just sat watch the whole thing
I stored memory together it's just like
highlights of the day so when you've
been a really good day
mostly you get to see a perspective of
you because you're like I don't always
just tell myself like I'd say like
senator Long's me film I'm looking at
was not able to but about tweeted just
capture that moment doing it yeah
like I wish all have recorded Jenny name
it's like opinion on this just because
they they also agreed like the way I
pictured be plenty go back to my first
ever like daily walk ride to his
sequence of like two to two years of
daily vlogging I say I like to treat you
like like a snapchat which is like dumb
ten seconds if I'm tense over there I
know this is a lot less obvious than
like just my normal friends that just
like snapchat or Instagram store yeah I
see them when when they're doing it I
get caught off-guard by someone dude and
I'm like look at my cool beyond where as
I try and just capture the moment so I
like you coming Rach would you just like
I'll carry on just be doing good yeah no
I like you I think you've definitely
been the easiest easiest going person oh
girl they might ever without a doubt
yeah just think so he's so and I so
reluctant you really got a gauge of
people but then there is the days where
we do that ball and we're just could win
and just chillin all there which in like
networks are just nothing and when
you're like Tom the dogs did show the
posted sure it's because we don't
nothing but then what am I supposed to
tell me we've done nothing you know so
it's that hot balance ball hello expend
a time with it
so this was a thank you for being nice
thanks like the blog I think she still
rich he just got she goes through
everyone's got a parent you at least go
through the vlogs 24 hour like comments
it was easy I think yeah otherwise
sometimes no I normally watch them but
sometimes like I don't read all the
comments it sounds really bad but if
you've asked them to comment some like
Twitter below and it's just yeah I don't
leave them or if you've said like which
is interesting
Oh society lots of different languages
and then you like your comments is just
all with like potato salad from people
Ally saying oh gosh this is a really
genuinely nice blog and you know you
know what to tell you a little bit about
yeah they're like well I like that after
today's vlog I think we will be doing it
Q&A soon I'm tempted to do like we can
do to work your name's if I'm tempted
because I don't like the personal
responsible you guys so one think of
doing is getting my snapchat Q&A going
again like maybe every two weeks doing
that cuz I want to get more consistent
my main channel I do a snapchat kinnear
so the people it's like another couple
who got a question for us it's just
someone like we get to see like who that
person is with this deal that
connection so they can send in a video
message ask us a question we can answer
it yeah so if you guys want to add us on
snapchat you know what I'm gonna do wait
guys guys in four months time Ramon
some people have said what send a
response but she video description is my
pill box link so if you want to go down
in that and pure box and if you press it
to Lydia Lydia Lydia Cassell
I found a loophole in this - this is
what will ferrell says when you leave
the bathroom you ready
the door is unlocked go you're free
these dear Virgin Trains okay virgin
have a broadband service which is
superfast fiber through the UK yet on
your trains it's like a potato
it's worse than a potato it's it it's
not even a spud might as well be
connected to what's worse than a potato
sprout it's like being connected to a
sprout that was actually a really good
one
you've got sprout sprout internet please
fix it
yes it was needless to say Lydia is no
no it's mine
hey you are hot Stefania mmm no okay
I'll tell you that's the salt yeah
that's great story a story yeah well
tied you up dinner all right
I've been waiting for you all this time
have you been my gardener undeleted a
smashing job with a grass look at that
no I'm fucking me let me in my bags come
on now come on let's go and see the kids
come on cats let's go see the kitties oh
there's another quick given a quick
stroke no can't see chase to block hi
Stevie sleeping nice kitty cats no
you're not ruining I'm sorry she's on
the chair I knew she's behind you when
you do you need to rest good little
rapscallion like a you show him think we
don't look equally in the wild
wow it's a new dawn it's a new day back
in Manchester England and it is raining
am is my plant summarize the weather
it's dead in despair and depressed it's
a brand new week guys so if you're
watching this right now on a Monday I'm
gonna be live streaming on twitch.tv
forward-slash syndicate from about 6:30
p.m. till maybe around midnight yeah I'm
really really jumping on that streaming
ground at the moment so if you guys are
went aboard the hype train
link will be down in description but
till then I'll see you guys tomorrow 6
p.m.
sorry for yesterday's vlog being late
but 6 p.m. issue the next daily vlog so
it's all then make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe ding dong little note 8
notifications notification Bell yep yep
next to subscribe button if you give
that a ding dong you'll get more
notifications or actually the one you're
supposed to get when you click Subscribe
and it just never works in your sub box
and let you know posted new vlog so
until tomorrow 6 p.m.
ish I'll see you guys for next day vlog
right much love I think like you guys
faces and I hate this weather
Sallis
