you never know it's a day of teary
absolutely so excited to start this day
however this is not this is not the vlog
from yesterday this is today because
something that's been in the works for
like a couple of months now and I when I
say like a couple months I mean a couple
of months of hard scrutiny of making the
decision of which computer company I
want to work with has been decided on
and today ladies and gentlemen I picked
up the beast I picked up the Beast now
obviously you're not gonna see in
today's vlog because today is tomorrow
tomorrow is yesterday whatever basically
you're not seeing it today but what I
need to let you know is it will be on
time it will be uploaded at 6 o'clock on
the dot the reveal a member of my
brand-new custom build PC is gonna be
ready for your faces so be there for
clarification is a sponsored video like
I've been looking for a company to work
with for ages it is beautiful it just
looks so sexual and hopefully I'll
actually be able to play minecraft in HD
now so well great everyone's been asking
Tom which PC sure to get which PC this
which PC part that will peace be that
I'm gonna be going through the PC all
the parts that went into it and like
what you guys can do with this company
to get yourself a custom-built PC as
well I'm telling you right now it's a
fucking battle station and another
update I've heard from BT about me
internet and if you're someone who lives
like under of I was gonna say a bush boy
I don't know how you if someone if
you're sort of he lives under a rock in
my vlog all I've ever done is
complaining about my vlogs being late my
streams being bad quality this this this
the fact that I can't even live stream
in my house
at the same time of someone being on
their phone sending snapchats someone
watching Netflix or any that shit it
drives me crazy
I finally decided on a direct line
internet to my house and I just found
out from BT today well I ordered it
reversion but they had to hire BT to do
it
so BT is installing a button pane
version to do it so anyway got an email
today saying by the 27th of this month
which is still really far away I'm gonna
find out when the installation is going
to take place because they have to rip
up my entire Road an entire other road a
massive cross section of bus lanes all
to just get me one into the
now this isn't even the case as are
every single person on my roads gonna
get like super fast in there there it's
got they're all gonna benefit I was
thinking they might do yet no they're
gonna rip up my entire road for one
cable for me I'm okay with that
like I've been complaining for years and
years and years that it's just bullshit
I wanna be able to stream in 1080p 60fps
like 4k
I don't be able to play my games on my
brand-new boost of a PC and stream in
all its quality and you know what be
able to do just that so guys big moves
coming tomorrow big moves happening on
the 27th I just want to let you know I
dropped this piece of Nutella on my cap
it ruin my cap it another than that
there you go be there tomorrow 6 p.m.
PC reveal oh yes cat boot oh what a
great start to the day
like father like cat well you just never
lazy morning this morning out way I want
to say morning it is actually 3 o'clock
in the afternoon are you doing well I
definitely can't do that Jerry victory
is mine I decided to stream for an hour
my title is one hour to win it and on
the hour I got my W fuck yeah runescape
guys are showing off a new weapon and oh
my god does that look beautiful I think
the chandri's everyone's like oh my god
it's beautiful
that looks so sick I need help in the
form of a tissue or you cookin Guardian
3 Mel's Rosie mm-hmm and who needs
Google when you've got ones recipe Oh
being outside for the first time today
and it's already going dark
brilliant only I would come out in this
weather
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa we don't
care about friendly places I'm caring
about my shots I'm currently wearing cuz
it's freezing and see if Lydia's mom's
secret recipe is good because
looked good dad's big he's freaking out
with these little dots in the screen
look when he sees it he sees these
little stars in the back oh look mate
there's one right in front of you now
this loads it'll be like what our normal
cap sleeps how dad's be sleeps what do
you mean you are literally a broken
Kelly imagine we didn't get even we only
had one imagine if we had that boring
cue ball for I know this fat troublesome
booger oh I'm so glad we got you little
happy family apart from their nails her
mate stop you are reading that time
correctly I got embedded a light half
past 11 fell asleep for two hours woke
up I thought I can't get back to sleep
I've been rolling around in bed for two
now I was bored out my mind so I've got
up I'm making a hot chocolate with the
hot chocolate of gods and I have to say
this right now I tried to not wait lead
Europe didn't work for those who don't
know I have the world's creepiest bed
it's a beautiful looking bed it looks
like it's floating off the wall it's
dead modern it's dead fancy but it
creaks so I've got my hot chocolate I'm
going up to my office I'm gonna play
fault night for an hour I know you're
not supposed to stare at screens or
anything like that when you tie it
bought I tried not staring at a screen
and that didn't work this is awkward I
have a guest Oh another one over here
Lydia woke up she wants toast
I'm taking her toast okay I know it was
a really short vlog but what do expect
me to do when I wake up at five o'clock
in the morning and then she wait so
blurry if I'm awake at five o'clock in
the morning and that she's awake at five
o'clock in the morning because we went
to bed the previous now at five o'clock
the morning I don't know what else I'm
supposed to do so I had to bring you
some Nutella
but anyway
I am sorry at my sleep schedules messed
up the voltage is set up in the way it
is but don't forget tomorrow guys new
computer I cannot wait to show you guys
it what I've got do now is I've got a
trying set up downstairs reinstall
everything like every program every
photo every everything overlays I've got
a light I've got a reinstall everything
on my internet is so slow it's gonna
take so goddamn long so I maybe should
come in tonight twitch.tv for system kit
if I'm not cuz I'm taking care of the
new PC so I hope you guys understand I'm
really gonna try my best to do and if I
can get the new PC with some games
downloaded on it like QuickTime then I
will immediately get streaming on that
and start playing the games in like
ultra quality rather than like potato
quality P that I always do so no no less
thank you very much for watching see you
guys at twitch that's even for us to
syndicate just click like now
description check if I'm actually
streaming or not are more importantly if
you guys haven't downloaded the twitch
app just download that it's a much
easier way to get notifications of when
I'm streaming see you guys tomorrow 6
p.m. on the dot most of G faces I said
yes
