Oh yep I went to bed at 4 a.m. it's now
8 o'clock in the morning I don't really
want to be awake but the alarm is going
on for the office just like that the
alarm is up it's fixed it actually
turned itself off so I didn't to come
back to back because this black eye
underneath my eye is getting stronger
but you know was more of a John Snow
busted these ultra boost shoes every
time you take them off the insoles come
out right listen to me if you don't like
Manchester City you're not gonna like
today's vlog come wearing a city shirt
risen why how did you see that but it
says signature crosses shoulders right
I'm wearing it because Kalibak minutes
and cow is taking me around Man City
today so if you know like mine just to
see then you're not gonna like today's
one yeah I'm not even supposed to still
be here I was supposed to be at cows for
half-past it's currently now half past
so we're kind of late breakfast of
champions of people who are rushing
malecon yogurt vanilla chocolate bars I
just scratched my alloy wheels really
bad are you ready I don't want to see it
I don't want to see it I don't want it
oh my god Jesus that's nasty well just a
wheel yeah this is terrifying I just
walk to his house and saw that in the
corner I thought you had a friend
waiting here with me and he was gonna
jump out at me I was like can I can
throw this in we're going to turn that
Joseph oh yeah yeah so glad you could
join us today Joe maji maji so what's
going doing a tour of Manchester saying
cuz if done United
but then counted as in this another
surprise leave a comment down below now
guessing when it could possibly be no
way unless we're going to a city game
afterwards that would have been my one
guess we're driving through this random
place now called wood houses and I'm
convinced that my old high school best
friend because to me you always look
like a million miles away but where
we're driving now I'm really good with
like remembering places and sense of
direction and stuff I'm pretty sure I'm
pretty yeah that's it's out there
whoa not my sense of direction is sick
holy and up into these
houses like since I was 16 that's like
eight years you got math math eight
years ago I can still remember the
location well that's a nice house damn
welcome to Manchester City where there's
a crane with people just I'm sure that's
people do I think it is I think it's a
restaurant
no Joe I think it's like a levitating
restaurant that you can eat out or a bar
or something seems pretty random
and it's raining there's a roof boy it
seems like it'd be called as well but
what a random thing to do what are you
doing you're kook's you having dinner up
there it is like a bar ah dude I think
my team skills and stuff time for a
ticket tour this is the first ever shirt
not just to see war then they were like
we don't want that which one blue then
red burgundy pitiable also that's what I
recognized and red brother really
interesting color choice than this I
think this is the one I'm most familiar
with the 2013 one and then what you
wearing
and what's this what's this latest one
yeah are you on the front row oh you
know this is dou aq the palms of
everyone in the comments go in oh hey oh
gee fancy pen spending a 75 grand for a
box up there are up there yeah so what
you do if you really know what you do it
serious ding me I've never heard of a
football club that has the USB slot in
the chair and Enki it's seed this is
sick well how much they say this was
like 15 grand a year 15 15 grand a year
to sit here you get like loads about
just like the tunnel and stuff bought to
sit in these seats yeah
oh so it's hot oh ya'll must be
sick then their their their their money
their money gang right there yeah this
is if you pay 15 grand you get them
seats you get to come into here check
this out yo mega fancy bar underground
restaurant
damn that is nice
so this is where all the players come
out this is the place the players come
out and then they go straight down in
when you're part of this tunnel Club
right behind these is actually like a
place where you can stand and say it
wasn't good sorry I'm just doing my own
little Torre thank you damn asked me if
I was a blogger just saying
city is really when it comes to
technology bro they could us beat but I
don't even care about charge you're
already addressing it got a big-ass lg
tv over really got plug sockets
everywhere
wait yeah USB I'm well impressed with
this changing room this is well nicer
than munchies DNA
but easy to deploy what date we are now
summer born here summer drawn here but
we are garlic Oh
Manchester be absolutely absolutely
brilliant this is a welcome to changing
room in it mate we went to the Monday
night it won't and it was off it was so
crappy it's disgusting but this is
wellness I love we put the Manchester be
everywhere that is pretty awesome press
room you got a pretty cool job mate this
is so good I wouldn't have these tables
must be you get to watch all the players
work fast how much are the tickets for
this one
escaped 899 pounds 15,000 pounds of
season me I just want to come in for a
drink
look at why we should just come in for 4
9 ounce place is gorgeous I think I know
what I'm getting you for your birthday
next year
tickets to commit yeah yeah dude I see
it's so cool this is a hella nice place
all right who's got my money I'm testing
that we're gonna cross a bridge fun fact
that's the biggest as during Europe
share that with great information on it
this is the training you get to we a
weed away with growing weeds grow it on
a football pitch absolutely genius this
is where the the women play for
Manchester City tunnel Corbin here as
well
oh this is hella nice may all this food
I've now incidentally breakfast
I'm starving women have got well better
you couldn't come on a worse day to do
this tour ever could you even if it was
snow and it won't be as miserable with
this it's not taken away from the
experience Cal I love you always have
done for all my lord
Manchester's weather is just depressing
by I got from see yo you got to let me
to get me I shouted shotgun he said you
okay I've got remember this time Cal the
big city fun I was about to walk out
with really positive Bob's being liked
I was like that guy that tour guide Mike
was amazing it was a really good job
thank you very much Carl I really
appreciate it and I gotta do some work
nice work I'm gonna paper Nando's that's
a nice deal now we're gonna do some
something sad by going outside in the
rain my feet of where they won't think
about these shoes that I wear it's like
a monster
stupid comfy Matt breathable but when it
rains that means this is my breathable
of water just go straight look at look
at this puddles there's puddles on
puddles its bootleg totally I actually
wish I was vlogging so I'm gonna film
that guy going straight for that right
like what the is this guy doing
dying inside why not ditch we just look
it up never mind you wiping it on my
 with I hate you yeah cuz they
were wet Hobbit I've got Frodo Baggins
you're not hairy though you got Hobbit
feet the cheekiest of cheeky it's a
tricky no no who's oh my god you need to
start eating this is to everyone
watching this vlog right now the phone
was sharing butter is God did you get
chicken thighs chicken breast you get
four sides ma'am man is hot that's what
I'm saying I'm just a bad bitch for this
maze
hey I'm not at Starbucks in forever this
is honestly my first latte in like a
week I'm just a Starbucks basic bitch
got my vanilla latte with the Duncan
Phyfe that day and the decaf vanilla
latte oh yay but ya see the original
calm no depth buy one now syndicate
regional dot-com yeah yeah we're so good
at promotion can you tell sorry a spill
in his car
got toes on the windscreen I'm
not even mind what six judges sorry
you've now got pumpkin spice latte all
over your cousin's my coffee
wow you up bed
I did get a life oh yeah yes success I
thought oh fast so may split
someone's coffee
I can unbox his package please thanks
Alice casteau buy that no they sent me
in the most delicate way for these set
of box of pop sickness they must be
someone's personal collection so I line
them all out so you can see him but I'm
not seeing a no just yet but thank you
know there's so many got Ned stop we
don't know her name we got Harley Quinn
I'm pretty sure this is the alien from
Mars Attacks book could completely be
wrong and i think i am i actually that's
what he looks like you say do you say
Lydia looks like that in tomorrow
Michael how about you shut your mouth
all right that's what you look like oh
you wish you look like doing it I
actually don't have this one right now
like I said you right now don't have it
don't have it have it don't have it have
it don't have it no bitch oh no very
right nobody out read the letter lose it
all
yeah go on Stephen you are you're a damn
legend thank you very much sir this is
an insane collection you don't have your
charity feed I've been watching dog
walks for a couple of years now and
you're a big inspiration in my life I
originally
I enjoy the occasional gameplay video as
well well forward to the havoc on World
War 2 zombies last little tiny bit
it was amazing to meet you out in
something a 1600 weeks up together it
was great to see you bring terrorize in
me now I want a little beer I'm so
disappointed I didn't have a time to cue
tomorrow always look to your face and
study off thank you so much
yeah that was actually really good I
always I always mess up my babies that's
so sick
yo there's a lot of these are not
actually hot so right let's go for have
it don't have it don't have it don't
have it don't have it don't have it
don't have it don't have it don't have
it don't have it don't have it that's
basically the summary of it that is
probably the coolest joke or one I've
seen yet I did not actually know that
one was there now sorry that one was out
but yeah that existed that's a really
good one actually not sure what's going
on with his lip there you know you can
clearly see like a mouth out wide oh no
I think it's supposed to be a scar look
at the detail on the card looks like
Pennywise it was terrifying
so yeah I counted the pop figures on my
shelf alone and it was like 242 or
something then I've got the extra I got
the 90 that were on my desk that I yeah
I have yet to add to the collection then
upstairs I found that I've got another
20 plus up there and now I've got like
another 8 here 9 here to add to the
collection hey I'm gonna need more
shelves in my house support me this
insane listen this collection is gonna
be insane why does that look so much
like me already
it's the same thing it's the same thing
what are you doing just saying it's
getting cold outside the weather is
getting miserable whoa spots by City
original go get yourself I can't really
do the hot promotion it has to be you so
once what means ha
without braces on from a year ago I had
the same shot there's no correlation
between your braces I'm expected it's
coming really but gonna be like so how
you liking new mini it's just so it's
like the camera it's like a fighter
pilots that you can hold this button and
then change the neon lights on the side
and you can change it all to green which
is Dennis like the under foot thing
appreciate you can change this is your
sport or sports mode to put it in and
then it changes it's also like dead evil
causes on earth how's it Drive is it
nice honestly it's got it's a gorgeous
car what you can do with the steering
wheel whose point right to add yourself
and then like all the way up minute it's
nice it's a cool little car I'm glad you
got it
I like miss Tommy can you stop a minute
there's many more secret features that
you don't know about yeah well you know
my son Jones is usual absolutely
acclaimed I was taking a piss if you run
into three water on me I have to admit
this stadium tour today there's honesty
God given me a whole new level of
respect
because the way I growing up and never
fall yet as always portrayed footballers
is as overpaid now some people may still
say up this is my opinion I've just
always gathered them is just overpaid
most of them assholes yeah and the
 throw themselves on the ground
right I don't want to watch the spot
away to be able to commentate everything
but like just you know just spoiled
 brats but you know like after
I've seen all the facility and learn so
much about it like I've got a whole new
goes into playing football the amount of
training you have to do and physical
like peak you have to be at all times
otherwise I'll just get sold to
different Bob well I got rid of is
insane I couldn't and now when I watch
that like that David Beckham documentary
about what was it all the legends like
growing on yeah like when I watched that
and they say now how much pressure it
was being young good stuff like that and
it's like they know nothing else like
footballs all they know in it you know
it's crazy stuff honestly come out of
this day with a whole new respect
yeah I said to you before the scent that
they've got school on site to send them
to school because all it takes is one
bad injury yeah it's all you career at
least the best education they've got
somewhat mentorship to fall back yeah
just mad honestly I feel a bit bad that
I've been so naive towards football and
everyone in my boot videos mother like
well I started taking interest in
football the moment and I have to admit
I watched the hash tag United versus
like teka City Arts at the teca's or
something I watched it that well I knew
the name but I was watching it and I was
actually really entertained by the game
and a bit more interested in football
it's really so you didn't hear that from
me but it was quite fun so
you never take me to that game where
city 172 that woulda been the sickest
game of event in my life oh is this your
team people let me know how good Cal's
team is nice okay I don't recognize any
of them so great what are you doing what
have you been ripped off fuck's sake
they found the tissue for cleaning oh
yeah you just gonna ruin this no you can
put this up here I guarantee you if
you're savaged good oh that's what he
was after
no I didn't care about the tissue just
cares about the wall yeah oh the
bed where you just come from well crazy
cat
everyone remote switch Chuck can we get
a Hello - Carl Carl I got kin to make a
twitch so when I'm live stream you could
just tune in and watch that is so
awesome
yes yes yes yes yes that's what I'm
talking about
another Dobby you boys red monkey has
been subscribed for 42 months to my
twitch shell oh my love and I'm still
playing pop G I've killed two people 55
alive I can do this
red monkey the dream with 40 months and
then mr. Smurf is law came along with 44
months oh my god still alive 43 life
killed 3 the progress continues I've
honestly bought my cat's so many like
cats eyes and you guys are barn cat toys
but you know what keeps them the most
entertaining it's just so weirdly
annoying tissue paper like seriously
it's not moving it's not doing anything
but they sit there then the moment they
moved the tissue paper obviously moves
and they're like well I say that and now
they've completely run out what are you
doing to each other
oh they're attacking one of my 9000
wires thanks guys appreciate your love
look at him look he just could not leave
it alone it has to always run back and
pounce on it what are you even doing cat
what are you doing I love him you just
look suspicious at Luna Luna yeah what
are you doing
yeah being suspicious I did this is my
healthy dinner for tonight I'm gonna go
ahead and put this on like that
having myself a microwavable pizzas
Louie nothing but the finest cuisine
around here boys look at that healthiest
looking dinner ever
I truly thought that was all the pop
figures nope even more to go Oh My lordy
I don't even know how I'm gonna stack
these to be anything like the auction I
mean look these are the three and that
one there to add to it please this is
ridiculous
whoa that looks like a collectible that
looks like a proper collectible one that
for sure must forgot vulture yeah a
Dementor it's even more look at this box
he's full of them and full of what has
that I've got a read oh my god this is
just this is out of control this
collection is are the mountain nice this
is the gold mine looks like a rare
actually
yeah 2017 summer exclusive Lightning
McQueen bitches this is a lot right yeah
do you think I have a problem do you
think I should keep them in the boxes
I'll take them out should I or Chernov
the ones that are out the box and then
keep my collection as the ones in it
what would you personally do I prefer
them out but then for example I'll take
this guy out the box and then I never
remember who he is a white hour like to
save my life toys for Andy
you cats look so compute what what do
you sitting like that for right listen
you can go back to bed you just not
allowed in my office okay because I know
you'll poop in there I'll ruin the walls
so one of you make this bed because it's
come apart and we'll all just get comfy
and falsely what's your Netflix okay
yeah that time but then what a bed okay
agreed we're all good so this is my
outro cat so thank you very much for
watching make you leave a like rain
subscribe getting down the bell to get
the notifications from a new daily vlogs
and we will see them guys you tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next daily vlog right
right right so as always thanks thanks
for watching and it's at D awesome ok
sorry yes
