ah okay I don't wanna be awake okay it's
currently like 9 o'clock in the morning
but well time your belly for ones well
yeah with it gets a bit like 6:45 every
day so got about six and a half hours
sleep I'm exhausted
I'm not kind of guy I don't get eight
hours if I don't get that eight hours
I'm a nasty bitch
either way time I get changed this
morning yes I'm walking around bollock
naked shadow verdict keno always wear
boxer shorts and god damn that bruise
came up bad I've got my pants to wear
today and all you better know I'm rockin
the brand-new we've been calling this
the Japanese one also that kept not
occasion to kept the kg the kg it
basically means the Japanese one but in
Japanese so it means Japanese right in
our Japanese symbols it's the Japanese
one where the jumper or the t-shirt
t-shirt in black or the tissue my like
description but she left me another kilo
no but this was yesterday's no I fed
Steve let me know she spelt Steve I'm
gonna go ahead and show her how to spell
Steve is ste EBE you know why cuz he's
not just you know unique bit I mean wait
what not know standard ass bitch yo
steep right explanation time why is
Steve called Steve
Steve's called Steve because I just like
the name and I thought it sounded
awesome boy it kind of makes sense
because there's loads bearded dragons
Ryan they all kind of look the same
minecraft character Steve they're all
called Steve and they all look the same
but I wanted to make mine unique because
my Steve is unique so I called him Steve
with two E's and then another e at the
end so his name is Steve and he's a
unique dragon there you go there is
Method into my pet name madness skills
okay 9:20
in the morning I am awake don't wanna be
doing this time to eat my cereal but
then the problem is filling
I've got four I've gotta have four
fillings and then potentially
potentially after they expect inspect my
tooth I might have to have a root canal
I don't think that one's actually gonna
happen but I do have to have that so I'm
gonna be some fruit and fiber
and then get all the stuffs looking
might even piss off my dentist being
I'll brush my teeth if I drank a lot of
sugar drinks and I was like yeah the
next question was is there any chance I
can start cutting them out of my diet
and my lifestyle and I just said to him
stray oh you know I sometimes when you
go to a dentist as a kid you like ya ya
never gonna drink him again never
I just went to be honest made no I drink
um all the time and he was like mm
you're gonna regret that by the time you
boy yeah probably knowledge you buy that
I'll be good we'll probably all have
fake teeth and they'll never smash and
they'll never raw and you know what
would probably will have to clean them I
know right I'm a genius
look what I've doing I thought the year
the stick through this whole so the cats
came out to play with it however it is
surviving off one like mummy a
millimeter of a piece of string only
it's a little our little friend she's
like I don't like him anymore he's dead
to me okay weather check could Tom again
I'm like a weatherman it is cold as hell
wait that ice ah surely not what is it
is that no it's wet oh I thought it was
a layer of ice over my hot tub but my
car's a little bit cold and frosted over
its melting as you can see but let's get
in and get us started a war you guys
you've all seen like the extension that
talked about putting on the front of my
house but just there where that big gap
is like where you see the Steve peat
figurine upside down I'm thinking of
getting a tiki hut built there like with
heat isn't stuff so when you're in the
hot tub you can jump out be dead like
comfy inside like a nice warm hot and go
like to and from the Tiki looks so like
say if you want to go get a drink you
don't have to go to run away from the
hot tub inside the bar you can just
chill outside and stay out here and they
like a nice comfy zone if you guys think
that's a good idea and you know of a
place to get a tiki hut please tweet at
me I really really need to find a place
to buy one I'll build one you know in
the mud verse where it's like wow use by
drive cleaning kit it really works by
now
well we actually used some of it on my
drive and this is my drive before and
that's my drive after it what count
differently better that looks
dad finish the rest of it you bastard
you lazy shit was that one a different
color I don't I don't understand anyway
goat I'm gonna get up a phone driving on
a road fucking stole my car I still
don't know whether I'm supposed to be
mr. nan o'clock at ten o'clock eleven
o'clock I tried ringing them the woman
answered the phone I could hear her
talking and mumbling and moving stuff
around boy should I put the phone on me
okay she couldn't hear me she could I
answered the phone and put it down to
the side of them was that other bugs off
the hook and put it down so I said fuck
it
got nothing to do anyway what's gonna
turn up and be like teeth hmm we'll see
alright I'm done and I can't move my top
lip they numbed it there and there mm
done it always took me like half an hour
I got a filling done of my front teeth
there which you can actually see it's
really good I'm happy about that and
then a a vac gun over there which I'll
show you guys later what done dusted no
time to go home and get one more day I
can't move look no do that luckily in
emergencies when it's too cold in people
count what sort I can because I can do I
can do a special whistle there you go
see when you're stuck in the water and
your lips either dry or dead wet and you
can't whistle I can but I can't go this
doesn't feel right Oh
feels like a dot of a top lip that's the
weirdest feel in the world I can't
really feel like I got a lip job did
they don't look big touch him touch my
lip box delivery what is it let's find
out
ah it was a restock early stock of these
big ass yeah and this is an whoa ex ex
ex oh I didn't know we did that big
that's awesome deliver like Joe best
sandwiches in all of jito
right there from hot and cold food
is that really its name hot and cold
food it's known as the village shifty
it's the but no it's not the village
chippy it's known as a village bakery
there you go
and there's my local barber the GX
bombers it's about damn time I got this
car cleaned it was looking like a potato
with pieces of poo all over it but you
know what it's gonna look like new
because this guy's a legend look at the
cow looking all clean looking no fresh
looking all clean looking all fresh Oh
looks like new parked underneath the
tree where all the shit's just gonna
fall on it but whatever and oh oh I to
be honest I just think it birds would
eat the melon seeds what pumpkin seeds
no way I had no idea you actually used
up seriously no wait no one's go
only one person greeting me hello where
is your sister
no way I have no idea you actually used
up seriously I've never seen a cut on it
once unless I get them to go on it with
a laser pen I've never seen a cat go in
it want to do so that's what you have to
say for yourself what do you say to
Lydia for waking up at 4 o'clock in the
morning the other night
sorry yeah you do don't you cheeky
bugger 4 o'clock in the morning you woke
us up granddad he can show you this time
to wake me up vision I was fight without
running I looked at my clock and it said
for it just said for didn't even it
didn't say like look for Pierre it just
said for I like and I was like it must
be 4 o'clock at night because you know
it goes dark late now so it's like oh
maybe it's 4 o'clock in the afternoon we
didn't set in line we must have slept
the entire way through I put the phone
down yet and when I entered we were
about to go a bed and start the day
until I realized it was 4 a.m. that your
Anglia are you gonna do that again
rendered no are you only going to do
that in case of emergencies
well that's open the right number I gave
you it one four seven one one four seven
one for those who don't know one four
seven one rings on Bernie if you don't
have a display caller who the like most
recent caller was like you can't check
you need one four seven one and it tells
you if the personnel withheld number or
a real number so I said some kind of if
you do it doesn't sound like it's my
number then don't ring me okay okay
that is not convincing yet okay I feel
like you're gonna do it again change the
subject
look how much happy you are now a look
at that the variance that is one clean
bid dragging the very of my mate you
were like you're like you're like a king
yeah a king up here I love that like
when he's inside here and we leave this
door open he can just stare down at the
cat's this big old beard staring at them
like oh hello lunababy you just eaten
if I find your brother over there and
want you on your ball Gadsby it's not
your ball as loners loners and yours I
have to feed him first almost like a
bigger portion because he will wolf down
his food as fast as possible and when it
realizes he's getting low on his own
food
he'll start eating hers and the only
fish eaters they'll then switch over to
eat in his again because he knows she
won't go near his food
it's a stupid mentality thing boy he's
just it's for a purse pouring afternoon
and he's coming back from school as we
speak so I'm gonna go pick up some
chicken some broccoli she's gonna cook
it together with some oyster sauce oh my
god one the best meals of a breath I'm
gonna be late nobody's gonna be mad at
me they're like oh I'll go pick up the
food you know be like a good little
husband but I just pop by Simek original
to make sure one moment he's doing all
right would you watch she is doing now
I've got a race to go and get the food
before the lidium potato peeler is it
sounds exactly what it's like Peter pile
these stairs
I call them potato peelers why because
I've just peel my food out
oh look at that
that is purely just cut off I like just
I step down the step what sort of like
just on the edge of a niche purely just
turned off the heel of my fault
owl you thinking someone's breaking into
the house so I have to come running down
with potato peels to find out what's
going on and Oh looks like those two got
comfortable and Steve ovarium did we is
that what's happening
listen if you were actually that
comfortable there I will get custom-made
cushions on top of there for you guys so
that you can sit on the heat of Steve
but what I'm not having is no attacking
the boxes pushing the boxes off or
scaring Steve I love you yeah look at me
spooked he thinks I'm gonna shower him
because he's on a they don't know what
to do the like I've done here we know I
don't know what we're supposed to do
going to our shows how you get up and
down there kissing each other ah I've
done it I made the decision I finally
ordered the brand new iPhone X 256
gigabyte faith grey you damn right I got
Apple care broken way too many phones we
actually did all sleeping on the sofa
the cat's here david tennant alright
you're not gonna mess me up things
aren't gonna go wrong we're gonna win
this shit and with the power of the
height wall and look at the sub army
right now
look at that look at the twitch army the
hi Paul
the height boy is real surreal as
Sandage donate five dollars on strip
what a beast look at this look at this
chat right now have you ever seen you
see more of a beautiful chuck no you
have not so david tennant don't fuck me
up right now okay just don't do it
look at this twitch chat look at this
look at this up i picked a winner up to
which no saltiness we've got GG's in the
chat look at that best best twitch chat
of all time I'm tell you that right now
epic community never seen a
look at that and the high wall growth
demos smashing I will take you every
subscribing as well as Kieran's playing
thank you very much crowd what would
it's so so strong look at that look at
that just look at it Oh beautiful oh so
drama went down and then I decided to
raid someone and we found this guy
k ba 562 and we're all we're all
demanding that he builds a lighthouse
we're demanding it so let's hope he does
so I wish you all the best yo you will
soon see on a video on my channel unlike
the syndicate channel this guy just
random song requests and I managed to
get him to do
Lisa Mitchell Napoleon dreams like my
song Evernote for me I'm blue W ever die
and Michael Jackson beer so this guy is
an absolute legend and we're stream
ready to write now so I've got like
three thousand people watching and we're
all watching his stream and recording it
for video so this guy's a beast you'll
see you soon
oh shit Brian is about to shave off his
beard mustache I believe I'm not too
sure why cuz it's not even the end of
Movember though that's what I don't get
but uh that's impressive
well Brian is looking fresh that side
compared to that side very nice
oh my god time to click shut down on
this computer
it is currently 4:30 5:00 in the morning
oh my lord
what an amazing stream like I'd love to
tell you what happened but I'm pretty
sure the screens about to turn off and
then that means you won't be able to see
me so let's take this conversation to my
bedroom my first toothbrush since I've
had enough filling or you can't see like
there's my teeth on the left side of his
teeth I've had it refilled because it
was rotting a little bit and you can't
even tell if they're the guy did amazing
girl and there you can see it on cuz
it's a bit discord but I was in so much
agony yesterday hello
what I just heard my door open I legit
here the
probably doesn't help but it looks like
something out of a movie
he's coming to attack me I swear to God
I just heard this door open what fuck
was terrifying
Gary's thing that could happen I could
get murdered yeah but with a big eerie
blue light in the background at the same
time not a good combination lap teeth is
a bit discord anyway just from like it's
always been like that but you know what
the backfilling that he's done to it I
was in absolute agony yesterday like I
was out in the cold to my tea for like
like if you already your tea pulled from
like the wind it's just like your lips
are numb your teeth it was just like
this nasty but then I went inside an
eight Hot Chip so my teeth went from
what really cold to really warm and it
was just not a nice exposing I wasn't
you know when you have toothache he just
awful cos they could rather just get to
take the tube out I was like that but 30
minutes later on a Monday like it's done
it's fixed and I feel absolutely fine
well I don't feel absolutely fine about
this is bald spot like I need to work I
need to find that cream that that guy
sent me that is supposed to fix this but
I truly don't think it's gonna do
anything
I really don't but what's the worst that
could happen I grow a bit I don't go a
bit that's all but we're currently 13
days into no-shave November it's grown
back quite a lot but it eats now getting
to that point where it's starting to get
like a bit longer than stubble and just
look patches anything this is like
connected and grown in it's like loads
of spots still appearing in between
which are just nasty like like what spot
spot spot spot just hate it I think it's
just from me constantly going like that
and just because I love feeling it like
that and then it's like you know that
what you touch with your monkey hands
like even if I've got clean hands it's
just not good for your pores like just
fills and we wish it and then spots
appear but I look on this side comes
down and then stops there's a gap I
don't understand a little just takes
therefore I've had such an amazing
stream tonight
that's completely not scary my cameras
are disconnected okay but what I was
saying is it's just been such an amazing
night because I you know Carl and about
did all today solidly rate through with
her fell asleep on this over with her
woke up streamed on
I managed to complete the zombie Easter
Egg video which we were going to put my
main channel did that ones like Stokes
I've been trying to get it done for ages
then I did Lonely Island like hardcore
livestream and that was super fun and
after that I kind of like chilled on the
IRL section on Twitch like for hours and
just like jumped into other people's
dreams and just saw like what they were
up to and like it was so cool cuz like
there was people who you know like one
view in like no views at all and I
jumped in we like 5000 we all went
Radian was like are you doing just being
dead like dead nice dead friend about
the community tonight has been
incredible like we helped one guy he
played like at the piano and music for
people
well we jumped in there and had like
$100 like donation in his bank so far
but he was raising up for a thousand two
paper like this big thing that he did
and the music that he did was so good
that my entire stream managed to raise
like 1,100 for him in the space of like
30 minutes and he was like Tom I'm gonna
make you a custom song for your channel
and stuff like this he's like a really
really talented I so dead excited for
that the real I jumped into like people
who were gonna do paintings for us and
just also we didn't ask for they were
just like more than happy to do it like
some guy and his mom do you like a
cooking show and and they were
celebrating 500 followers on twitch and
we went in there and got them 1000
followers on Twitter like like a minute
well not a minute like it within like 20
minutes sort of thing and you're like
dead stoked and the community vibe about
that which is absolutely incredible so
it's just been a really really nice day
and I have to continuously thank you
guys for being such an incredible
community and like still for me doing
this for seven years to still be like
like take him back and just I'm so
overwhelmed and impressed by your guys
love and support so thank you for being
amazing thank you for being you and I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next
day live log I don't look I'm trimming
tomorrow cuz I'm mountain biking but
we'll see how things go and if you're
watching that right now if you're
watching this video right now then that
means I might not be streaming later
tonight so anyway thank you for watching
make sure leave a like rating subscribe
and if there is a link down in the
description it will be my new video on
my new channel and I'll see you guys
then
which look good bye ha d
