Oh what are you doing what do these
noises you're making sell it crying
forgot you was here I thought it was my
cats I thought it was my tiny little
kittens making that louder noise oh my
god I thought it was you I thought you
were crying where's your brother
where is he okay you've done something
wrong haven't you have you proved on the
sofa if I found that you pooed on a sofa
you're grounded he's not paid on the
sofa but Gadsby is hiding really
suspiciously what you doing
why ya hidin if I walk towards you and
you run away that I think you have done
something suspicious you have what if
you don't come clean now let's do some
Irish music think it's Irish not quite
sure I don't know what this song is but
it just came on and I loved it no this
like storm thing's getting really weird
I've never in my entire life seen at the
Sun like this it's currently like nearly
11 o'clock in the just Kate behind it
pick them out a cloud so it's like
dispersing light everywhere but it's
like it's been filtered that's so
strange
yeah another box pot figures right to
rock roll and a cat toy don't forget an
ax tiger what are basically another box
of pop figures to add to my collection
right there oh my god so many but time
to take an Xbox down to syndicate
original because you know what whilst
I'm there all the time there's no
probably sitting around doing nothing
you know yeah I probably should work for
buzz I'll take an Xbox and place them
before that down there it will get to a
point where I won't be able to play Wii
Xbox down there cuz it simply won't be
enough room but for now let's chance a
room so don't go down there there's
games just look how mean the Audi looks
in the headlights it's gorgeous but
we've made it to the office cars already
here and I'm probably gonna distract him
because our Alice is really mad at the
moment that Kyle keeps playing for you
for all the time and now I'm essentially
bringing his Xbox down here and he's
gonna then have the ability to play fifa
so
yep I'm popping the intro of this I'm
back in my house this is a run gable
this is a to pong ping ping pong ping I
need a three do I own a three-prong pin
cable in here somewhere
no no no no this might be post Malone's
best song really digging post Malone at
the moment an update on the Sun I was
down at the office and Lydia rang me
saying go outside and have a look at it
apparently to everyone know this mix but
to everyone it looks absolutely crazy no
reason is to why it looks like that I'm
actually gonna type it in on Google now
or Twitter and see what everyone's
talking about boy it's almost like a
Blood Moon it's creepy as hell anyway
cable down to the office tab to get
played some fart night it's an original
office looking nice and tidy as usual
gaming setup over here holy snap yes yes
and I've got really faster than that
hair so even more yes is this on the
radio is this a video on what radio
station
Hey look at that so dust dust from the
Sahara Desert has flicked up into the
Reich because you know the storm of a
lot island and stuff
hates that's why the sky is so dusty cuz
all that and the cloud and stuff boy
it's bright red the Sun I think the
cloud is though to have to hide the Sun
like in a minute Lloyd whoa so cool
this right here is current goals if you
guys have never played this game you are
missing out all are you gonna play this
later right right yeah ok you must be
sounds put to proper close game what my
sign in the hell now the reason I've got
potato hair today is because I was
getting a haircut so I've had it trimmed
looking a bit sharper and fresher it was
a bit off freely at the edges and stuff
so I thought I'd get it trimmed off and
look a bit more neat now I need to go
home and Spike it up and I'm ready to
continue this week look at this that's
all the juices leaking from inside this
out onto road hello how we doing in here
serious well look at the Sun look at the
Sun Oh mum showing off mum showing off
look at that
me this is Black Edition I think this is
God just seriously I would honestly
drive round in this no I love this to
pieces
but I do really like this give me a
thumbs up would you like this in the
comment coming up no they're only
working from the new office to send out
the limited edition shirts and once
that's done the moving back to the old
bar face why why yeah cuz on on Saturday
we getting the floor fitted so on the
floor gets what I needs appears in the
head John are we gonna be nearby
Christmas working from a Christmas can
we decorate a tree Christmas shit
you never put it up did you I'm sorry
tight we got all this all this space all
these all these shirts that need
shipping right cow and meanwhile I'm
just sitting here playing video games do
you hate me I adventure in the Blood
Moon area of the Sahara Desert in G
cross continues got the lunch for
everyone got some milk I would run home
with it bought it's a glass bottle don't
exactly want to smash this and way to
unbox this what unwrapped this this is
what I usually get but I've done cajun
chicken instead is this gonna be nice or
is this very awful good that looks good
it's definitely occasion but it is good
chicken let's go for full bites mmm win
that's what I call service by the way
thank you very much I didn't forget you
did I thank you right
zanya at the bakery Oh God Alex whose
fucking sandwich she would have been
viewing great you're trying to tell me
man's not hot but what's his name what's
his name what's man's name what's his
name John what's his name what's that
boy called Jonas where's he from
damn Jonas we're gonna sign your
signature and we're gonna wait what
we're gonna sign your certificate card
right now I'm not doing this for
everyone
just specific people so let's do this
Jonas Brother Wang
now official I'm for the record I do you
actually sign these for people so if you
want to make it even more of an official
cynic original Brown thing if you ever
go to a gaming Shore and if you're not
bringing it and I can sign it so you
know I've actually met you with it so
Jonas its way do my job I do this all
the time I come to this office all the
time in health I always thought I'd help
out all the time
holiday bro you failed to punt violet
you're a terrible cameraman by the way
if someone receives a shirt and the top
of it wasn't sealed properly alright
that last order I don't know if I put
difficut in it the sticky thing of this
already
oh no I'm not wasteful employee look at
us wait shit I know right
tell her right that one's done wait now
put one in this one yeah yeah yeah why
are you so dressed to be face and
smiling your audience is just witness
year not poor a certificate in the bag
how's he doing gaffer GDP is that if you
receive one without the certificate it
makes it even more special because you
know that didn't put it on purpose
all right look at this this is the
official
oh yeah lost you all sit down some of us
have got work to do I have to promote
the fool that I have to sell the college
eat up the bug to close it I even have
to put in these certificates one of
three smiley face sign card and not one
sign can sing good you missed out we're
not shy oh shit
sigh sealed delivered sound
sealed almost see what I'm doing for the
day I've done about 600 just for the
record it's completely random who gets
them because these are all prepackaged
because the labels haven't been printed
out yeah specifically I do madness to go
to back to my smiley face side and but
to make it even more complicated it's
going to bag and it has to be a small
mark and small too much it was super
good you've got one for my prank on my
face fun oh she's going for my she's
putting them let me let me drive it
can drive your car yeah it's almost like
none of you trust me bastards
me I'm just saying oh thank God I
thought he's gonna hide in of these my
cars like don't do it I'm about to drive
off me why is this ladybird a Halloween
dress-up costume like a bat why is you
doing what is going on with you that is
a fancy costume you have going on there
please don't give me an STD true story
you can actually get STDs from ladybirds
the more you know don't try to be my
friend now you've not the box over
you're trying to dig into my pot fingers
do you think this is acceptable hmm yeah
that's why that was the saddest SIA ever
heard yet how you try and be my friend
you're grounded all I ever seem to shout
what cat says you're grounded and then
don't do anything about it but anyway
time to fix this
magic boom fresh trim yeah look at that
spike in looking good feeling it's a new
week it's a new haircut you know what
we're also gonna go do we're gonna get a
new wash on the cab because sealed fresh
look fresh be fresh that's the plan by
the way I did finally get round to the
office to me about cable management I
know I'm incredibly good but I'm
actually like clean off most stop Anita
Hoover the floor need to put these
cables in here but other than that dude
a better job desk he's looking much
tidier this is not for fapping everyone
who had a comment about that being there
it's the cleaning gamma services because
if you remembered the cats the cats
actually wiped the broom holes on my I
might I don't talk about I was supposed
to go get my car washed came in distract
with your at work we forced me to I said
I'm coming in you're like yeah if she
forced me to but anyway dad just text
her saying I'm in Bangkok at the moment
what the hell is the result what is it a
pair of tights in the tennis bottles of
water
Lydia is the type of person just sits on
facebook and scrolls and Scrolls and
scroll Lydia's dad just texted be like
I'm in Bangkok at the moment on wherever
he is and then was like you still with
Tom I'm here to stay right but yeah
she's like teaching at work and I just
thought I'm helping her plan her week
I'm gonna write on the board now it's a
very educational thing at every 32 child
so it's a try every kid in your class of
32 subscribed to life of Tom just saying
why are they all subscribed successful
board writing in the boxes paid that is
not bad handwriting I am definitely the
best student in the school would you let
me come into the school I'm done I feel
like I've become a weatherman today the
weather right now is absolutely gorgeous
the entire way I've drove it the sun's
just been out all day oh hello my friend
are you coming insane hello
dude look at this weather tropical star
my ass this thing is beautiful oh my
lord this is heavenly Cal for the record
how much of a genius Emma I've got the
door I've got the door wide open Sun
Tanning was playing geometry was in the
cup whilst plane geometry was I'm
tanning whilst gaming goddamn genius
sure you look good in your black sabbath
shirt but get in there and get that
nanami's you're gonna come in here and
tell us that are poorly mine looks like
a bloody song from the 1970s you
completely wear that sure it's got a
right I think this will stick to wall
you're my biggest fan Sean I'm gonna
sign one for you Devon
I love you Gaius Ross that's a lot of
baggage and packaging to come out ya
know the password with salt pepper
chicken so accessible day at work thanks
for watching this car appreciate it just
comes it because he's right he's
recovered at the moment he just comes
here and sits and watches us and I've
been here all day on our days craft
plane geometry was peace
yeah I don't know the words open a
hilarious are we yeah don't fucking rude
from me good I'm not going cheating on
you I swear I'm ah shit
well I'm actually going to see my
neighbor unfortunately she if she's in
get in everything she like badly caught
in the open so are you doing trouble I
brought you some flowers
yeah okay quick ahead it's called a
lumber she's absolutely adorable
adorable she was like rumor rumor has it
that you've got yourself another
girlfriend I was like wow Savage she
knows so yeah I've got some making up to
do that but anyway right I believe
Lydia's cooking goes lasagna so I need
to get inside and have my dinner oh my
god Alex built the cat toy thing and
they're playing with it oh how do you
guys like it I'm guessing a lot but I
don't think you can get it over this
little hump so it's just staying in the
same place look at the teamwork yeah
I'll pay this way you that way
oh my god the got it past that stage oh
you know the notes are all the way back
to the star you sausages you've got to
get it to the end at least one oh my god
oh my god oh my god it's happening
no I always go back it's going back what
you doing I think Gatsby's trying to get
it down there and Lunas trying to get it
up here go mad
oh no I think I'm more entertaining my
pissed at the casa
oh god Lily lead cornets
Oh back to the beginning more than Lydia
has cooked as a beautiful beautiful
beautiful lasagna apparently nobody in
it
me and Carl will lay down to the dinner
table
and we're getting shouted out and other
girls have stormed up away from us come
on you tease going cold you've got a
fucking death wish mate you got a death
wish
I can hear feet banging she's coming
this is current mood right now
I mean kalakand the girls are down there
doing their makeup session with the cats
but it's not as good as those could win
is it yeah watching John what you're
doing can we
oh that's convenient Lunas never wore a
color before in her life
okay look at our wave too big right okay
she needs to maybe grow it there you go
but now I don't think she can get it out
of her jaw though we tried and that was
Luna trying a collar for a first time
all right
I really did it to see how she finds it
it's still like why is this noise thing
stick around me wait I wonder if I can
distract her with this toy
so she'll forget about being on a net oh
she totally forgot she's used to already
oh look it gets me why is this ball in
this tunnel and how could I get it she's
like I really wanna play the ball but I
really wanna get this thing off my neck
okay ah I'm just so split as what to do
it's time to try on Gatsby's rejected
there we go I made it so big because
it's so fat boss all right it's on B
what you went to play with super
complete you don't even know you don't
even care
get it lunar Lunas still trying Nora off
a cheap Mike can you know
we always noticed it weather update it's
still pretty windy in England blowing a
gale but you know what my tree didn't
fall down so guess we're okay
something came in the mail for ya dad I
actually don't remember what I wrote on
it do I read it it really weird gone
well risk it my granddad was being a
savage he don't care cuz I knew on What
did he say
Alice's shots out the bedrooms because
you keep locking the doors cows has got
his last 10 seconds of our life no poke
my bitches take names
what's going on in there great I thought
you liked to stay in what why did you
want to go I'm gonna try and get in the
other room it's now at night I'll go to
bed
thank you very much for watching today's
vlog hopefully my kittens weren't too
traumatized by that experience but no go
to sleep
I'm exhausted I'll see you tomorrow 6
p.m. the next day blog ding dong the
Bell
and I'll see you guys then much love I'm
Nessa awesome
