looking out my window I look down is
this post things from my cat as if it is
good morning I guess I didn't have to
whisper cows awake alice is not awake I
was just wearing my sweater
I swear I have seven in the morning yep
I was on omegle for some reason I'm
seven in the morning the more I'm going
to use that website like it's just the
most random thing in the world the more
and more I just want to make like week
the videos on it I was gonna prank
cartoons in the bathroom the alarm went
off coz he opened the window so my job
for the windows work my shits don't that
but Wow
Frank backfired bro no joke it there's a
hidden pooing in no job look on the
window sill
look in the window sill oh my what is
that from is it just where the guns at
are not wipe the rather than
scurried it along it but like where's
the poop there's a ninja poop in his
room somewhere at least a little bit now
that is cute she be nice I hope they've
not eaten any bit way to show you they
wanna pick you up or anything but yeah
it's like a candlelight oh man I was
like what the fuck is that telling me
that the guy on the horse that we were
like he knowses he knowses actually
knows apparently the guy that did
intense in the heart we were like do you
watch the vlog like blink and he didn't
blink it he just like that well
apparently it tweeted Alice saying it
was him so we need to check that this
guy dude this guy a boy
Alice he's got on a pole I need to see
this I need to see this think his name
might be Jake crane but we don't know if
it's him cuz there's no father what are
you doing you're pouring ginger beer
over the gamin yeah is that mom secret
recipe or something
oh my god well done
hey Jason Bohn - out of the blue very
nice to meet you I know this is random
dude I don't know if you actually want
the videos or like you seen one or
something but if you want we'll send you
some syndicate original swag we'll send
your facebook inbox message now we'll
get your like address like your name
alright start stop we know your name
obviously and we'll send you over some
clothes so if you want it let us know
your size on Facebook and there you go
dude what a legend so tight fuck me
there's a turkey giblet heck do I feel
good now but a nap I was so damn tired
boy I'm believing your new cars be on
offense is it there don't don't don't
don't don't
oh whoa no way yeah that's this is
really nice I like this the wheels are
really nice what's out trim yes men
oh the Clubman with the double open
doors going up with the back doors up
what
oh okay yeah this is a nice car
my mom managed to get damaged get such a
good deal on this mini like such a good
deal that the other person you got it
you got the first one my mom got the
first one in it with it was that much of
a good deal that Darren was like I'm
gonna get one well so they both got two
of the same cars in the same color
Alex is interesting that big circle in
it yeah oh my god but stop and start
seek you can use the cockpit system to
change the light color around the car
that's pretty cool because underneath as
well that's pretty cool yeah what I like
for me this thing is like being in a
little fight fighter jet yeah I likes it
man
I like so long very very nice and
spacious an evening Steve fine day today
so you've got some food so you're not
hungry but I'm gonna try and say oh my
god what do you did that is terrifying
um you just here to spectate are you
here until you're getting food either
way you need what you watching she'll be
your kitty cat nut will be a walk swim
pussy okay one to dinner Waxman's
Steven knew you went to wax worms Oh oh
my god he wants to watch swim do you
know what okay that is the whip no there
it's deep Steve I am NOT food would it
okay we friends okay
it's wounded wait Steve it's underneath
it's gonna be about him
yep there there that well lots of
experience he's never done that before
it didn't bite me just licked me bought
that's still wait I forgot what you Tom
felt like like it it's like a proper
psychic gloom like speaking to anybody
no you're a stranger to boogie you
Steven look at him he's so great for the
record for the video
if we gave away Gatsby you'd take him up
us look mom he's my son he might be
annoying fat little bastard it's never a
complementing angle for him he's got no
bloody neck I'm trying to take it nice
little photo and you seem to be playing
with her where's Luna she's seen some
she's just never impressed by anything
he does
she's like a classy smart person who's
like an IQ of 200 he's in about 2.0 we
literally just started watching him and
he just pooed off the edge of the trail
onto the ground whilst was staring at
him I'm just like well don't well done
mate well done so much dude so much meat
mother
dinner was gorgeous Alice thanks for
what did you do I did the gamin Lydia
thanks for quite sin the food everything
was great oh my god give me a towel but
also loud hey man nice car did like your
car dude nice cars I know it's not your
carrots my mom's car but you've got the
same car so nice car dude you're not
gonna get confused getting into each
each of this car it's gorgeous
mom your new car is beautiful - bye now
later a long mini you don't from the
back of it I thought it looks like a
kind of like a Range Rover quite nice
it's like a mini mini yeah if Karen
wants to play xbox with play xbox unit
mid-south carp you can't I can't play
all SoCal just because you're such a man
of the house you do your own thing
whenever you want that's for you and
that's for you is bid and styling gel
cream and then this is for this is this
is for me because that says short beard
and facial cream Congrats mate Zoe :
well this is a sharpie
oh hey yeah thanks for cleaning up it's
my table tidy it better be
otherwise you're fired are you working
at the new yeah alright it was only a
question that clock is well wrong I
looked at the Hatter caulk about three
times and I saw you look at it to tell
what time it was before dad thinks
poking stop talking about this welcome
for game can you come out now please
excuse me this probably should give that
away actually I don't exactly need it
man don't flinch I'm gonna get you one
knee
I'm gonna attack you with a turkey
giblet so it sticks to you I can't
believe what happened today man's got
giblets
oh it's just not right that you brush
your hands and just so delicately play
him like with giblets don't throw them
at me she'll kill you hey trying throw
at the wall and see if it sticks the
wall sorry I know well we're so mature
and I call a boy good night Alice good
night world and on that note ladies
gentlemen I'm going to bed I'm tired
it's been one of them do I need to step
in my vlogging game on my blade wait
word I just I don't feel like I've been
getting like my proper days or night
I've been getting outta bed at like 4
o'clock in the afternoon and just wasted
my entire day so I'm gonna get my shit
together this week it gets you organized
be a motivated man I'm gonna love this
girl to pieces and no she's not taking
the poo and I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next day looks thanks
for watching leave a like rating down
the belt and I'll see you guys then much
love
