bloody you look like a bloody zombie
what's going on there happy your face is
bloody fall I'm sorry protein who knows
after your face is falling out from your
peeling you okay haha the hall right I
think you need a vivere and clean out
today my friend and next on the feeding
agenda
okay okay you can run away or I can feed
the foods not in that direction your
sausages this way come on would feed you
now don't you what have you done
what what what what have you done cats
what have you done oh you fucking
bastards what a way to start a day don't
let me make it look like Dave pop bean
bag it was a popped bean bag but the
entire time they'd ever been down here
they've never messed with a bean bag to
make it come out anymore so it looks
like they finally realized that they
could open it even more flick out more
bean bags and then throw them around the
place so now my four consists of a
winter wonderland which seems quite a
good idea you know for it being winter
and stuff but all my lord this is gonna
be hell on earth to clean up with Hoover
I hope you guys haven't eaten any okay
no no no no no no because that's going
to be a big expensive trip to the vest
you have only spongy balls so I don't
know I would like to think if he how do
you want they'd slide on through the
system boy you never know good cats
skinny cat skinny cat I love them quick
one you my black oh where did the cat
sleep where they've got a blanket there
that you can sleep on you go around here
your blankets and covers and beds and
cushions and everything everything you
could want for them to sleep on but what
did he actually choose to sleep on and
if you go behind in my pop figure
collection over here there's my clothes
ready to be put my wardrobe but Luneberg
oona sleeps on top of this she look at
look at all the hair she sits on this
and sleeps so every time I walk in she
literally goes yes what's long walks
along what's long and then just looked
and stares you're from this direction of
the boxes she doesn't see the nice what
you do is a little cutie but what's not
cute is when in the mornings the
scratching it was door like that is how
we wanna play we want to play want to
play they kind of like you know rather
mean stood upon the fruits of the fault
legs like this they sit down and then
scratch like this well this was a really
good example so the distraction like
that so that means that bums on the
ground well one of them had a shitty bum
and shaggy bum on my floor
good job cats good job as far as I was
aware you won't want to judge sighs
Lydia's got a nice big bowl meanwhile I
have a baby bowl and you're gonna judge
about size because I myself this kind of
person and I'm trying to watch The Big
Bang Theory and videos watching hardcore
really goes really really is an absolute
beautiful beautiful day today laid in
bed and watched oh you broke it and
watch Netflix truly is actually a
gorgeous day out so that that's like so
picturesque and gorgeous this sort of
weather that makes me love English when
it's not raining like yesterday at the
bonfire and just being a piece of crap
so I'm gonna go scream for 45 minutes
before grab your dinner okay I'm taking
Lydia among and a sister out for Sunday
dinner at Wesley B's restaurant so I've
got 45 minutes to stream pub gee I
forgot today is the fifth of November so
remember remember the fifth of November
when guy fought tried to blow up
Parliament right saying right well
everyone's already done the fireworks
and bonfires yesterday that's absurd
and for once not actually gonna sneak it
actually you know I have
papa
that my dinner is that my dinner is it
yes I am okay I'm going out you're
running late high five
oh shit what do you think it's okay it's
not right is it feel it don't feel it
scoop all right later not babies
hey listen it's something this is a
weird memory to show you but it just hit
me now I actually got into college it
before because of this guy German when
you're out his mum's house on rocks tree
over there wanted Xbox didn't exist so
he was playing Cod for never see before
my life I've never really heard of the
cod franchise this is the most amazing
thing in the world
low and behold it led to me play in it
no I forgot about 60 60 days playing our
game but you know it's officially 10
years today that it came out yeah just
start sweet 10 years today cut camera
anything work for you my public career
what I do is playing with what rank are
you again right so on the world of water
weight is it you've got a full-time job
man I'm just unemployed
boy let's take photos of our food with
the basic when I got there they actually
going for 200 she wasn't happy with her
birth launch we go first second one
spins it's all about low okay by now by
very small mother-in-law do you think
you're gonna be as small as grumps as
your mum by even smaller oh I swear to
God yeah everywhere I look yeah
everywhere I'm just leaving
oh no I'm going I've just finished
eating I believe you um it's me
questioning when the fireworks are going
on this loads going on I've got to try
and find it what's going on in this car
wash me wife's been doing in this car
that doesn't look right
Oh mate windows properiy all the windows
I don't think it's froze over what comes
next
welcome back you know what I'm gonna
draw have you balls
if your stomach needs no leave it leave
your sister alone
she's to eat look it look it's like the
recessive these balls bought me you
better not start eating them look it's
like a cat best dream this you know what
you did you broke it you're in trouble
and knew I should have moved it look at
me Hoover satisfaction time you ready do
you want that bet what's that
you fat odd you know it's like mother
I'd love to say I know what's going on
through the mind but God's being a fat
little bastard and he's all throw
so and but the same time he really wants
to fight and play with Luna and Lunas
just looking at stringy fat right now
Wow yeah iZON really breaking up with me
why'd you fight your bags
whoo I might as well help you if you're
gonna leave me as you sit
where's your suitcase sorry don't ever
fucking come back ever again I loved you
I gave you everything I'm gonna minute
the cat's in the suitcase really oh my
god imagine if you did actually the
cat's in the car and they're at the
window like oh good relationship if you
love it then you let it go Lulu please
don't let please don't let me film you
crushed my cow and you're breaking up
with me Oh goodbye yeah I was grateful
and never loved James online bullshit no
Salzburg bro what is he doing
Terrorizer is some reason Photoshop in
my face let's stream rate him my chad is
always watching oh my chest over here
and we've come over to Brian's chat to
tell him that we're always watching look
at this the hype of the people I love
this dude his quality B stream so good
what wait is he photoshopping me onto a
train no he's not wait is he wait I
think he might add sir before shopping
me onto a train better not be doing
otherwise I'm gonna kill him Oh ladies
and gentlemen I just got my hands on one
of the new call duty epic weapons Oh
let's take a look let me open this up
let me let me take a look real quick
okay so I got really excited over it
because oh my god it's amazing and it's
the ugliest looking good in the world
but us
i gives me 10% XP soldier bonus yeah
sorry summer I played this game now
since he's come out for a total of 10
hours
playing time I'm level 54 up streamed
for 5 hours and 37 minutes to get from
ranked let me think about this
I start with stream it like ranked 47
and to get to 54 it took me like 5 hours
that is absolutely crazy but it is now
officially 420 blaze it in the morning
I've got to take the cats to the vet at
9 a.m. so um I should probably go to bed
because I've got less than 4 hours sleep
so yeah ok the characters looking fresh
but my sleep
tired eyes will not be tomorrow so I
should probably sleep all right I have
to end today's vlog here but I am ending
up on the know of a little dramatic
don't don't turn some stuffs come down
with the gods BRR and got the gods but
gods birth so stuffs gone down with God
Sookie and Luna I've taken him to the
vet today drops him off and I've just
had a phone call there so I'm gonna
explain it all tomorrow with the
situation that's happening it's kind of
fucked up but hopefully it doesn't end
up being what it is it was just a false
scare but I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. the next day lock if you are
enjoying these vlogs make sure you like
button to subscribe and I'll see you
guys then watching this video right now
I think if you like like college you
yeah I just put out a new video on my
main channel I'll put a link in the
description to that I would say I'm
gonna be streaming today because it's a
Monday why not but I'm extremely like as
you can see exhausted if only I'd like
two hours sleep like actually two hours
sleep so I think I'm just gonna taking a
break from streaming today and just
relaxing and then get back on it I'm
like maybe Wednesday cuz I'm gonna be
riding back on Tuesday but thank you for
all the support thank you to everyone
who's like showed some love like sharing
the videos on the main channel I know it
sounds like really odd and like like why
wouldn't you guys bought you know I
never posted there and to say that I
posted that like zombies gameplay video
and it's on my 8 milli eight hundred
thousand views in like three days is
like absolutely sick so thank you very
much for the support that motivation of
posting like I said that my main channel
I'm gonna get back on track to post
every Saturday like a foot like a one
unique video every Saturday I'll try my
best to do it like you know challenges
with my family and stuff like that so if
you guys some suggestions leave them
down below and I will see what you guys
say so and so that's thank you very much
for watching I've now got going have
with Lydia and now keep you guys updated
with what's going on with the cats in
tomorrow's blog so thanks watching much
look and sad
