who even is that guy that's 12 year old
Tom right there
I'm gonna go try get a haircut today and
try and fix this situation but bed
growth regrowth status is promising in
the slightest
no will you still love me do you still
love me but lean has been today so the
house is nice and fresh whoo I'm ready
what snack city are these all snacks
Lydia knows I'm gonna be streaming a lot
over the next few days
is that for me yeah what yeah oh my god
this is like an unboxing video wait I
need my wide-angle lens of this bananas
okay this is good this is good apples
okay this is all healthy stuff I'm
suspicious here yes yes yes
yes more cocktail sausages is that Parma
ham he's serious
you got me three packs of Parma ham oh
yes those love those thank you sandwich
how much money did you spend on food I
don't miss gates oh my god my favourite
biscuits thank you so much no checks
chuckle go Jake okay lots a milkshake
what their thick blue tea hell yeah I
don't be able to stream for light if a
zombie apocalypse happens we'll survive
for ages and just like this I am
rendering out my first ever nazi zombie
video the bid revealed that everything
is
take a long yes time they also gained a
comfy wife shop daytime cleaners been
the house is looking clean it's looking
tightly look at this sleep clean looking
there's a desk table the kitchen floor
looks fresh the kitchen looks fresh how
good does it feel Lydia so good it is
o'clock in the afternoon so there's
pretty miserable weather in the days
nearly over because it goes darken
England at like five o'clock now but god
damn it's miserable let's hope she
doesn't crash touring I'm just filming
in case you crash into my game I can put
it on YouTube you know send it in to
you've been framed
what's with the mean locks why dad told
me come down to shop yeah that looks a
thousand times better than what was
expected no joke that looks well good
well done that like give me a fist bump
well done
come on hey that looks sick holy shit
this won't even do this for no no I mean
like when did you stop food good job
mate holy shit this is epic I know it's
just I would to you guys but this looks
so good this looks so so so good
oh my lord I'm happy a lot of people
like like the idea that the desk is in
the middle but the desks are gonna be
round the corners and then this is gonna
consist of all the boxes of synergy swag
so if you want to grab your self
syndicate regional sure now's the time
to do it original film your reaction I
thought you'd see
nice job have you not seen you that
video mustache
I saw you seen it somebody do another
like a Mike Tom Bucky time 7000 weird is
that okay time to reveal should be
heading out of that door any minute I
tried I don't represent this I tried to
get the hair I couldn't I was absolutely
it's not right
who the fuck is I like look at myself in
reflections as so but I'm just like who
even is that guy how much time to hold
well up I look about 17 right to red
velvet's one chocolate one lattes oh my
lord look at that red velvet Christmas
kids good start I was gonna be you know
what's the film where the lion gets
shaved I lose hair off Narnia I feel
like the lion who gets all his head
chopped off he gets mean done it did you
say that's how I feel look at how many
spots are on my chin as well
Oh Oh
medium mine yeah yes so sick new
crewneck syndicate rigid comm available
now look at this thickness so fucking
fresh Oh waiting for this for so long I
can't want to be like a backwards look
away of myself but again I look like I'd
always done this going on that design
looks so fresh she says it's what's on
the inside
kumar's yeah I also think she's
bullshitting I look like a potato I love
you I'm still glad you're a business
nobody else in the company would you
meet wait didn't mean nice to have me
back as in me based on I look more than
if I look more okay now in my hair slide
down code and get it cut today I'm
supposed to get it caught so I'm gonna
wear a high when i stream time oh yeah
this is the last day you'll be it you'll
be in one day oh really
I'll face mom say goodbye bye I know I
know
goodbye now while trying to fit all this
in the new office this is nowhere near
gonna fit it will like this yeah we got
this room we used the hallway we got
this room we've got this room this is
all ours if anything we should've just
bought this building and then done this
up boys
yeah and and this would have been this
is the close so close your house this is
like a five minute walk from your house
and instead I'm now making you drive 20
minutes every day there I'm back
a good day on a bad date 45 minutes in
traffic what but you can stay at my
house okay well you don't look
suspicious care what're you staring at
he's like what ah you doing you know no
you know I don't know you go
and everyone's new like all right I've
got salt and pepper chicken and special
fried rice for streaming this is like
the perfect so right now yo a massive
shell to sand and handling much looks
your face I appreciate you just look at
that just 40 kills 16 deaths 27 confirms
Chuck what do you guys think of this we
carrying your team or what and we still
lost how do I lose that game I tried
with all my power and still lost
wow I got so many epic things from that
cry I'm so happy I love this game cool
our live stream don't underst it right
there but I've got to admit the reason
why I love live stream so much is
because when I click live the content
there few faces to enjoy straight away
rather than this trying to record a
gameplay and upload it to your guys
faces
oh my log this two hours 20 minutes to
upload a video Jesus I need my new
internet streaming to like three o'clock
in the morning but the servers are being
really dodgy I know black ops at the
moment that start black ops a world at
war so I'm just like you know what let's
go to handle like a baby but you don't
want suck it the servers are being dodgy
the Serbs are being down so uh II have a
guest I say a guest
Olivia was gonna be staying at home like
the pot next few days because I was
gonna be streaming all the time
she came up to get some stuff and I was
just like you know what services being
funky upstream for five hours that's
hella break even though it's like what
time the midday
potato dumb how to watch YouTube
properly no I know I could watch on my
TV but not a sponsored post I went and
got the razor phone cuz it's got the big
speak isn't it me elidio just sat in bed
watching youtube videos on my phone so i
was like you know what
why watch it on the iPhone when I can
watch it just like that I didn't know
him for the day apart from what he was
fast asleep next to me at like 12
o'clock at night and I stayed up til
4:00 II I'm finishing strange things
it's absolutely amazing the last episode
I was a bit like felt a bit rushed you
know with all the build-up but it was
really good I did enjoy I don't
recommend it to your faces but I have to
go now because I am going to be
uploading my first ever attempt at the
brand-new called you world war 2 zombies
so if you want to see that first ever
attempt I'm gonna be uploading to my
main channel youtube.com/ forward Sasson
you kept I'm getting a thumbnail ready
getting it live for your faces and
you'll be able to see my reaction of my
reveal of me being beardless and
mustache Lewis as well as being drunk
scared to hell unbasic Lee just seen a
map for the first ever time so if you
want to check that out youtube.com first
I still UK but I'd have to say if you're
watching this slide right now I'm
probably most likely streaming on
twitch.tv for so syndicate you guys know
over my twitch link up in the
description as always I can be streaming
the zombies like probably all for this
month that I can be streaming like crazy
crazy crazy so if you never wait to get
into watching live streams now's the
time to do it so I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog hope you enjoyed the videos and the
live streams until then thanks for
watching
understudy us
