well this is a sight to wake up to in
the morning Lydia is grooming their
child a little booty and oh my god well
starting a fresh new day and as per
usual who sat in that chair I'm going
out I'm sorry I should know that next
weekend you could please make your way
to the exit I'm sure I'll see you
another day there's nothing like a five
guys for breakfast
this is what I get for being up at 7:00
a.m. a beautiful breakfast
hey I gotta say the stuff we work on
this like complex are amazing they're
homey in there hooked it up we got extra
double cheeseburgers and hot dogs and he
ain't even asked for it
my friend thank you so much man Olivia's
mom's rangos and she's left her phone on
she's bought dial those so we're
screaming help okay Gyan let it out
she's the laughs okay I hope one of the
kids at school here so it's about coming
out of a pocket it's just a shower hey
I've got you so stout I know why you're
streaming on Twitch because Logan Paul
is in it yeah I can I know you're always
cheered on twitch because Laura Paul is
if you want to be the biggest bro on
twitch wait what's your highest what's
your highest ranking Sasha hi welcome is
Cal addicted Devon you know what's it
yeah yeah what's your highest ranking
video is your highest ranking card show
me how to do and then played himself be
seen she's running around cuz she press
fade out like a wall
look at the Easter eggs your product
placement raise the phone in the home
and you got a laptop feature than it
where pay me pay me some more money for
that get away my morning yeah name I'll
see you tomorrow tomorrow we'll talk
about cows streaming on Twitch soon uh
was she doing live you just drove off
saying you'll have to wait I'm going and
then stopped hilarious and it's charged
and it's born ready to rock and roll
so let's don't get anybody stuck to him
let's go on a ride boom excuse me I'm
here on time what if I am not to ride
you
am I not here genius I didn't sign up to
this switch bikes my dad wait first of
all question how big of a ride are we
doing sick well excited oh yeah
Kendall's like some of thermal pizza oh
my god ister riding without another
engine you guys broke
so
so lightweight is by a really friendly
friend yeah oh there are no dead
Oh spirits sleepy roots
oh my god this is great of it Mike
all right wouldn't it and enough and
another one and another one
nice what a boys I know that is the
simplest jump in the world but I am not
risking my dad's bankbook are going to
me oh you sag is it the SAG let's see
this flat tire occur but I nailed it
that's one simple but effective
dad I decided not to do that clear when
I get fine for your fi-fire
oh my god black Jesus would be help my
taste that fell on the road oh my god oh
my god what's right is your bike heavy
do something excuse me mate come on old
man oh girl no wonder he needs an
electric bike meanwhile Tony's hiking
the Great Wall of China this bike is so
alive
you still watching video that guy
cinematix Joseph Ken nice oh yeah there
you go
but it's not saying VIN the weather's
been that shit you're not the
opportunity to say it yeah
this is I need heat this is where I can
uh gets to lift the bike over
dude it's a struggle but stuff like us
we're not there is doing exercise I get
arrived you are news movie today Batman
mad God that must cost some money holy
shit do a skitter oh he's going he's
doing it watch this kid whoa really it
absolutely really
oh you got a do is call and I'll be
there yes I'll be there
you got a friend all the shit y'all give
me about my electric bike just fucking
just dump just destroy it all and look
em I was even at the back was at the
present that way can what do you think
hey that's all I need to sleep at night
my dad believes in me who needs electric
bike a chum 8i saves five guys no five
guys inject me with needles
I think we should vote for the MVP of
the ride tonight i 100% think it should
be someone called tom what he's is MVP
tony is going to bowl soon anyways MVP
most valuable player thank you what Tom
well I'm gonna minute let me expect my
bike before I get it back is that a flat
tire no I'm not sorry that's alright
yeah that's not even my bike that's
probably why all right where's my bike
right okay that's a bit of a low
pressure I'm gonna find you one pound
for that and then check this one right
that's okay as well well Ken as long as
you returned it in one piece you're
a-okay did you enjoy your ride on it
what about my gear baak your Forks nope
nope nope no right boys see Friday your
Friday when I wake up in the morning I
found myself with Steve you know what
he's not had a long time like what like
dug it Steve are you doing me
oh he's a bit he's a bit look how dark
he's going on his back always cautious
he doesn't know where he is it's okay
buddy
what are you doing you've not been out
in ages of you is that freedom all I'm
saying is watch out there's cats under
this bed and they will eat you how do
you currently feel knowing that there's
a predator such behind you waiting for
your every move waiting to see you
despair into
disaster but what happens when the
predator gets printed on it sniffs a cat
and Steve both do not know what to do
you don't worry he's just sniffing him
we started up a live stream it might be
nine o'clock at night let's not talk
about that but more importantly a
massive shout-out to dead stark killer
Beeman eazy-e for the nine months oh my
god twitch baby and artist the Weapon X
thanks for three months what a legend
look at the chat and was like oh my god
yo summer know her appreciate however I
don't understand your name at all he's
five o'clock in the morning I don't know
why I'm still awake I need to go to bed
I'm sick over sleep schedule one day
time all because a fight that but it is
what it is ladies and gentlemen I need
to go now so I have to when today's like
I'm not gonna be streaming tonight
because it's a Wednesday I'm taking it
off and spend here Bolivia that's what
I'm trying to I'm trying to find the
balance because Liddy's back at work now
so she's back
I've got trying to start finding the
balance of you know streaming a bit
earlier in the daytime so I can see her
at night and stuff like that so
relationships one at one but guys I may
be going on an adventure
soon off to America to go and see
CaptainSparklez nude Ford GT which I
can't wait
but more importantly I really wanna hit
what Bradley fruition again and see if
she wants to go for a fly around in his
helicopter because I feel like just
going exploring
for like a week so if you guys fancy
that maybe we can do it but much love I
love you guys pieces I am uploading a
gaming video to my main channel tonight
so if you're watching this vlog then
maybe a link in description click it
check it out leave a like rain we've run
a comment saying something about vlog
and you may find yourself getting a
shout out tomorrow in the other vlog but
I'm gonna go much love sir d-plus
