good morning Luna I believe you consider
king of the castle you gonna run away oh
why you not work she's home she's made
me dinner right you're the best
you guys have got like four fish stick
you've got fly a stick feather a stick
and all you want to play with these mums
bubbles I even gave you like tinfoil and
you don't care you just like that bubble
so step the game up jingling mice the
luxury correction are correct correction
collection all right who wants one now
oh you drop that you drop the thing
before it you can't decide whether he
wants it or not
all right maybe they need what what come
on man I got three pounds maybe they
just need one each one each yeah there
you go now they've got one each he's
dropped it
what dude come on oh yeah I think he's
actually been tempted no okay what if I
quit and if Dad did oh no say sponsored
nice try God hashtag raisin products
because they just sent me stuff all the
time for I want to say that this massive
box is indeed a razor and the reason why
I say that is because the first letters
on this thing say I'm sure yeah says are
dead are dead as that sum of quantity
total three so hold on to your penises
and vaginas this is not razor because
it's blue oh whoa holy shite get out of
here
the Resha ultimate 7.1 surround sire
head say up to 16 hours at least why
worse what these are dope yo
I think this is the headset that I've
been wearing the past couple Ares why he
was oh I need this so badly right now
because my cats a lot bastards keep
attacking the cable from my computer to
my headset so if this is actually one I
can use then that set now does say Xbox
one and Windows 10 so I'm assuming I'm
gonna be able to connect this to my PC
and use it so fingers crossed and then
I'm assuming maybe this one's for
PlayStation oh yeah oh my god Razer you
absolutely want it oh holy Sh I made it
this is beautiful but it did say three
things in here so what's this - sent me
a Wolverine ultimate gaming control wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait beautiful absolutely beautiful
but wait a minute
I believe I've already bloody got one
what the heck
but that can only mean for one thing and
one thing only and that is a giveaway
now to clarify this is not an
advertisement for raises they just send
me stuff because I'm actually sponsored
by them I used their equipment to game
with so I'm not paid to do this
technically this is not like a paid one
on video or anything that just because
that whole FTC announcement think so
this is not an advertisement this is not
a sponsored video for them it's just
that when I get some extra stuff I get
to do what I want with it afterwards so
if you guys want to win one of these
we're gonna do a simple giveaway all you
gonna do if you want to get your hands
on this bad boy controller is make sure
you follow me on instagram at syndicate
and then down below in the comments
leave your Instagram handle I'm gonna
click one random person's name see if
the follow me if they are boom you got
yourself one of them and I will pick the
winner let's say at the end of the week
so well dick what day is it Monday so on
Sunday I'm gonna be picking the winner I
do have to say this was like dreams of
mine to ever get to a point where I can
make gaming videos and companies send me
stuff so once again Razer thank you for
just being awesome I love you guys I've
limp like six years now crazy after all
this time they keep sending me stuff and
I just keep giving it away I'm a great
sponsored user sorry Josh
the 14th of September their journey of
the Forgotten the journey of the
Forgotten oh I thought it was the junior
for they've forgotten she
right in what is the first word say
window ruse wonderous emerald green fire
wondrously emerald green firework
explosion shooting dazzling in the clear
style check your kids being creatively
beautiful with their words don't be
nicely unboxed it and see what it looks
like now don't get me wrong there's a
headset on the fourth hand which I
thought might be them but attempt it's
almost say this is them because raises
sent me these headphones like a couple
of months ago and said don't announce
what they are just wear them on stream
if you won but don't say what then I was
like okay then so what have been doing
and they're impeccably good I mean as a
fact
like these the old manner was that I
used to wear and they're really good but
these are more basic and they're really
good just like but these are how much
took on these are more bassy compared to
the to the to these bad boys which again
I'm not too sure what they are and so
let's check if these are the same ones
or just Xbox drop to xbox themed razor
packaging as always he's just got oh my
god it's just beautiful man bye I'm
assuming that yes this is indeed the
same see I like this ones theme for Xbox
because it's got green on it and this
one's fully black so I don't know if I
got sent like a limited edition one
there but let's take a look at this oh
my god so beautiful oh oh yes bro these
are gorgeous audio I'm actually thinking
that this might finally even what it
looks like it looks like a big Ricky's a
key that's perfect but this might
finally allow me to replace now raising
oh I have this but this is an astral
headset mix amp now I think that this
even though this has got a turntable on
it I think this might be a new form of
mix a volume rocker on this side that
you can turn up and down there is a
microphone adjuster on this side for
threshold
you've got the charging unit you power
and you got your microphone that pops
out of it and is it comfy it's hella
comfy this is the exact
this is like the exact same one as this
one which for for a fact is dumb comfy
like I've won this head south in what
the other day streaming like 12 hours
and I didn't even know what it wants I
used to wear like the Rays of Krakens
and they felt a bit pinchy for my size
of head but these ones just look like
you don't pinch like crazy look at what
like the company sit open rather than
being like you really so those are very
nice where are you where are you where
are you
what about over here oh okay the cats
need to be at the vets in ten minutes
and they've decided to play hide and
seek with me yeah what is this son no
rain for once in England I tell you what
it feels like it's been raining every
single day this week it's been
disgusting but it's a sunny day so you
better know got my shorts on okay found
them I'm now late to the vets but this
cat beds looking very nice and where are
the cats ah we have one down here and we
have one there you guys ready get back
in get in come on go get in it get in it
good of it what you doing what you do it
you listen let's be on the same page
don't try and run off okay wait Dementor
coming
I don't know he's gonna check on it I'll
give her another injection so we're
about to find out well where you're
going oh yeah hey hey I can't have you
running off all right you can't show me
up in public
I can I can show you up in public but
you can't show me up in public okay okay
deal can you hit my broke your back oh
my god
sharp claws what's that what is it it's
a doggy you okay
she you're right that me she's so so now
I know she's like that thing has four
legs like me oh it's something that's
okay I can see you look sweet I know
it's okay I got you
it's okay look where's you run up to and
very sharp still you don't have to get
your injection where this guy's like I
am I'll never see me hit Andrews PC what
are you doing you're gonna get you're
gonna get a job you're not gonna like it
and it's gonna happen all right no don't
get on me don't get off and sell me
don't blame even don't blame me ah I do
love him to pieces
am i grab him again a little message
after you visit last time by 11 o'clock
do it on your CD or the internet I
really did not like it you're more
polite like company let me see the guy
just went yeah tendonitis soon you need
ask me what I did for a job three
seconds later a white man a leg down and
I'm very proud of you too you did a good
job I was getting a treat treat well
half of them one of them visit even eat
treats
I got shit at home already so I think
it's just hometown oh my god I've caught
a trespasser on my house last time he
was on my Wimmer
now it's on my drive Oh who was very
brave yes you were okay not on the
kitchen thanks yep
who was very brave you're not on the
kitchen thanks bye who was very brave
you were gone well dog first thing he
plays with oh great just just fucking
great I'll eat got a cat my granddad
start stomach olive anyone I saw one of
your mates with eat with these new girls
your Mercedes no no granddad BMW me when
I think it needs to get his engine check
I mean why is that when it was rattling
and popular all over the place
I was like no good its bed to be like
that anyway I don't think he's like go
get a jack where is it Bandra ginger
kapa Kappa yeah check it out my boy and
I'm fly over a good joke see it fair
fight I do wish I still played this the
Hydra bit was real when you're in a big
group of people's this game was so state
level 35 I'll write up for your pokedex
again kind of do this pokedex is have a
look what up seed do you melee and then
these enemies of yours
mate you've got 357 Pokemon holy shit a
legend have a legendary dog may that
look sick and wait where does it show
your own how much dust you got six
hundred and forty-one thousand
is that considered a lot I'm gonna
rename this one because it's digging fat
to Alex
there we go that's more fatigue that is
a fair rate Chris you're like guy bread
that is a monstrosity of food oh my god
it's happening
Kieran got 179 what I can't beat the
holy shit here we go we've got Tom being
busy McCullen Kasich AB she beat it
that's his gamertag on Xbox I can't wait
to find out what the comment he really
went to town with my name they called me
whip whirl whirl calm down
did he not get anything let's see how
impressive is oh no way is gonna get
sprite oh it does smile Tom McCullar oh
hang on is he doing it no one's on now
it's on McCallum Little Italy
watch his wrists watching technique Oh
oh I'm on no wait no wait
hey you don't is it oh hey wait I'm
lucky unlucky nine or nine or 69er gone
Chris go on DeSales gang come on whoa
good good recovery as it stands right
now Tom McCowan's winning then it's Zach
then it's me
but two feet it's got another strike no
man it's not big it's just big-boned
Oh the scoreboards of updated rhinos
currently in first place with 18 right I
know how you manage that how did Chris
manage that whole one fin sorry 1872 7
ear and then I think I'm on 69 e this is
what Robert resorted to make this game
got this game got good Tom McCallum's on
79 strike ship eat it's an MC warrior on
81 and I broke 100 so there's still
there's still time Tommy can do this you
can do it
watch his wrist oh it's a strike oh hey
Chris a scrappy the Chris can win if he
gets three more strikes in a row as it
stands right now you're in second place
we haven't ridden seven seas final go no
robos finishing the game with 59 hey
well done mate we tried this competition
here is actually where I know his rhinos
got a strike going into his final frame
what's he gonna do what's he gonna do
oh no he's not no he's not oh I think
you baby yes you're in first place now
yet another go oh if you get another
strike now you get a turkey oh shit
no way if he gets even a sparrow
striking beating
there's no way oh did you get one more
go as well he's done it if I think even
if you Mississippi thinking is he doing
what's the score 128 I think I need a
strike
oh shit I up there's a new player in the
game
87 strike two more strikes in you're
born can it be done oh no spare gets
better go if you got it yeah he's doing
it oh well done which is cool 107 nate
is back-to-back strikes the sound of its
off it goes
Rhino Tom Oh No
fuck I still think he's be is I think
yes
destroy the entire game touch my ball
Thanks
I wish up Chester right
I need to spend a strike
wait what we drew we drew Wow
hey thanks for throwing my shoe down
there
I did it's what we both drew okay what I
fold I just got that one pin in joint
first place you and me then it's then
it's joint second with Zach and Tom then
it's Chris and then coupla kalbarri 59
Oh Molly I'm gonna catch you a minion
Molly let me get you a minion I'm so
cute
no bullshit how much money do we just
all put in there
a few quick come on Tommy give it a
scrub scrub scrub oh it's nasty it was
just random Tom McCullen was like I'm
going Nando's with I know just those two
does anyone else want to come like a
brilliant night it was so much fun but
you always seem you like going up
traveling I like that stuff my friends
they're just so hard to get together
it's like herding cats but anyway I'm
home now
I'm sure oh my god this house smells
amazing
it smells like fresh sheets oh I'm sorry
I forgot to bring you back Nando's
cheesecake sorry I'll go get it
this does not help the fact that in
bowling the lads named me ripped thank
you sorry cheesecake it is 959 in the
household and cats being there looking
suspicious that's cat number one and cat
number two why you looking even more
suspicious am I about to find out that
you scratched even more of Mahalo hmm
you look like you're on edge you would
like you're really on edge no okay
friends she won't just leave him alone
look in a watch she goes right for the
gouge come on don't just start showing
up now I've put the camera run yeah
acting like you don't know what's
happening you gonna bite him and I'm
gonna catch on camera just to show the
world that you're really a big meanie
he's just try to like sister please stop
and in a few seconds the games will be
look at them cause oh my god Louie
you're gone
yes oh god yeah well it happened I
unfortunately died whilst I was playing
on my hardcore minecraft world
I was streaming it live on twitch TV and
you know what I ended up getting killed
by an end of it like an absolute sausage
where's where's my house and this this
is my beautiful little house that I
managed to make unfortunately I'll never
be able to see it again we'll play on it
again because I died on hardcore so it
was fun it was beautiful but until next
time it's kind of weird I'm getting back
into playing Minecraft at the moment
like I don't think I'm gonna continue
playing it for like another week now you
might be like wow I really enjoyed it
but I just need a break from it cuz when
I like a game I get stupidly addicted I
don't know if you love me but I get
stupidly addicted to it and I'm like
I've got a play I've got a play I've got
a play and then it's kind of like
overkill but can you hear that noise
they crows oh god I'm really hoping that
that's just a distress bird in that tree
and not a crow attacking one of my
windows down there something please
don't do it
I got a bit of a break from Minecraft
and tomorrow don't forget I'm going down
to London with my granddad very first
time 30 years he's not being like what
you said like 30 40 years or 30 years
he's not been down to London so we're
taking down the London Eye it's gonna be
awesome and it should be real cool trip
and obviously we're going with calluses
cow coral and we're just gonna have a
fun adventure of like 12 hours in London
so we'll see how it pans out
hopefully it's a not a rainy day but
it's England so it's most likely gonna
be so no nice to hope you guys looking
forward to that if you out make sure
leave a like rate subscribe ding dong
that notification bell I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. to the next daily
blog I said it was
