gets absolute bonus points it's got
built-in Bluetooth like so notes in the
system and we're listening to
don't judge me all right I'm just really
feeling the Christmas vibes so I'm
getting into already even though it's
technically Halloween today I'm just I'm
jamming I'm vibing it's Christmas time
it's coming here it's getting colder
I don't live in it so let's start this
day sinkage Oh Oh Jerry Fisher back and
that's the bar we're in yesterday yeah
although he's going to heaven nice coat
it's not yours whose is it
no I would just happen to turn to a page
no it has an eye on the tip that's just
weird there anymore penises I thank God
not for that yeah I'm true like so many
times
sorry didn't run demote l's and stuff
but I've never stayed in a hotel with a
view why this good if I stand up
something you can see Big Ben being
constructed on there the London Eye then
you've got the shard you've got I think
the pickle and the Kiwi or whatever is
coughing and okay thank you
gherkin over there and they're two
different groups so whatever it there's
Rick to toy different things and then
you've got Tower Bridge down there you
can truly see so much of London just
from sat here only if you got on the
other side match of Yahtzee booking
imbalances well bought Oh helicopter
yeah this is sick with only people
appear the guy stars come up last night
and saw that we couldn't see the view
soo is like I give you the best table in
the house so you give us the best table
in the house and we got heaters we ran
our coats afternoon afternoon tea guess
what I'm having afternoon latte do the
teeth babe do the deep do it I want to
do it I just one person my life one is
do you do what is one person in my life
who needs to do this right now in my bed
and then let you film it okay are you
doing the momentum has built IP is
filing London sugar pile is falling I
repeat London sugar pot this is what
content here in London all this
beautiful stuff to see and do and I saw
stuff beautiful woman right next to me
and we're staring at the sugar falling
into my lap thing whoa find a dangerous
game woman what are we doing I hope
they're not watching us on CCTV
otherwise we're like waiter
look how deep this thing's gone I'm
making it I didn't decided
satisfied right so satisfying yeah that
was cute I was like two three minutes
yes yes yes
afternoon tea what cup British we out
look it up it brings it to you around
that's a prop that's natural scone is
that raising my chocolate yeah that's a
proper scone god damnit messing around
with that stupid chocolate scone yo this
this what is this what it is I'm not
gonna break it look itself spermy knows
what it's doing that is it's a good
looking in the cake I also think is
k-pop can't wait for that k-pop yo mmm
will I aware that you know this reminds
me of well then the might because a kid
no Daryl II know bunch of that reminds
me of a bunch of my kids still up them
yeah hell yeah
cool kids well nice so nice today is ice
cream oh my god she bit into it exploded
oh my god it's everywhere this is what
we wanted to go and see today you might
be like wait what are you going watching
yeah yeah oh I know sorry babe I'm
definitely picking that that guy over
you but this is kinky boots what we
wanted to go see but unfortunately it
wait tonight seven - yeah we knew that
didn't we we want to go watch at two
three but there's no matinee showing
tonight today so unfortunately we may
have to go and see this tomorrow instead
I think it's about a factory that used
to make shoes that was going out of
business and then this guy designs from
kinky boots and
and some reason they all started singing
and dancing which I think he's worried
it moves from the true story line to the
made-up story line dancing dragon I knew
that I knew that hates for men
I couldn't I really couldn't tell not it
known in the sliced me and Lydia trying
to organize my New Year's Eve I from a
house
guess how much a hog roast would be all
right turns out the company's actually
based in London so obviously it's two
people
guess how much our hog role should be to
send a team to the house to two and a
half grand
two and a half grand than to come and
cook a row hog roast on New Year's Eve
in the house wrong it's New Years Eve I
get that but I'm just gonna like 5,000
chicken nuggets and that'd be better and
I quote Lydia's words why is there a
giant black penis and I said no it's not
it's not her Pete it's not it's actually
a really big thumbs up thumbs up with a
penis poem instead that what it is is
that the artwork I don't know I now see
some shit my lifestyle but I don't know
about that one
oh is that the music dr. Patz go in the
museum if you wander in it and just say
what does this mean to me you just go I
don't know nothing do you see a green
man
no it's clearly it Oh everyone's going
okay whatever national gallery thank you
very much for hoping it free Wi-Fi where
I don't think I've actually ever been in
here before
that fan won't stop following us it's
over there
watch like to say you took a bomb nicer
than these guys but they win hands down
look at dead ass oh yeah what she's so
impressed
the guy is like nobody's like bro
seriously I've got one day off work I'm
trying to go for a walk you begging me
to fix you some flags can you just know
well apparently there's any boost you've
revived a dead body
holy shit was it good one babe good one
yes that should be the outro to watching
make sure you leave a like and subscribe
I'll see you guys tomorrow
if this video I guess 100 700,000 thumbs
up I'll climb the thumb of destiny right
I watched that green one wait why does
that mean dancing knows oh wait you're
now you are now allowed to skip across
the crossing yeah okay then I've solved
the case that's where he goes and gets
drunk every day we're gonna try and see
if the ties Square spires got any room
probably won't but we'll try anyway but
I look like I'm about to perform like in
the nativity scene in my primary school
yes
check out these Fred's yo I hope we get
to keep them covered legit walk around
the rest of the day
preaching praise the Sun out loud people
wearing this work
this is what I have to wear to walk into
the spa okay so I'm gonna try and take
my phone with me put the probably say I
have your brother and I get him to also
anyway see you guys I know what I was
not expecting this with you because you
see me the camera is it cover uh-huh
does he see me don't look good they look
fresh nice I almost thought we got
separated took it to dip rooms I was
like no loo do you still hit a lovely
cup of tea got a nice little feet scrub
videos looking all cute and adorable in
there still enjoying your outfit I know
right I think you're naked but instead
this time it was like you wear the
fabric and then it's like the rock the
fabric against you like a properly like
Thai massage and it was mad like she
like she had my like basically my leg
over my head all sorts of shit yeah she
was like leaning on me climbing on me
I'll surprise you understand me at one
point like that was a proper nice
massage it was I can our massage and in
30 minute like facial I rub rub rub rub
rub and it felt so good so it was a
demon over my shoulder the heck is that
guy was terrifying
put me flippy floppies on yeah look at
this gave myself a new pair of little
robbers he and then wow you got a big
sculpture
what are you doing I'm coming you
I'm like a poor version MC Hammer
see they look good they look good and
you've got a nice bomb in it
it's not even dark because in England
they I don't like the rest of the world
does this I think they do at certain
points of time but the clocks go back an
hour so it goes darker earlier mate Joe
sugg you've been shown up here look at
this so well it is everywhere me she's
got all her still absolutely scared all
throughout the shock that is crazy what
dude
I'm much leet so proud to see like a
YouTube we can just absolutely kill it
like this that is madness me even better
she's got a full sized board I don't
think she's not smaller no way Oh God Oh
God yo Joe some reason cows gotta cut
out of you if you had a cut out of like
your sisters well things that you'd be
fuckin weird
that's that's mad Joe if you see this in
saving time there it is that's what we
decided tomorrow we're gonna go and see
it I've invited Luke if he wants to join
us if he does you're gonna have one hell
of a time and it should work out pretty
well we have a plan for the night fun is
go to the hotel grab our gear wants to
craft a gear head to the next hotel
rendezvous with Luke if he wants to come
and join us in Chinatown I think it'll
turn it down little Jenny then hooked me
up with a man afterwards but we need to
eat before joining havens my absolutely
story
no you weren't saying hello whatever
that's where our Queen lives she's
currently sitting down every some fish
and chips maybe a kebab I think that's a
flag that means she's in don't call me
could be wrong I think look at that in
that blood there bloody spectacle we're
gorgeous bloody buildings she lives in
you I'd like to know which room she'll
sleeps in no not for anything creepy
really but just like Jen you like just
you have the big main one other she's
probably the back so no one can like see
again change nor wants to see a naked
flippin titty yeah yeah you can we're
watching you Queenie or watching you
Harris is possibly one of the most
expensive buildings in London because it
contains a lot of expected things we're
stuck in traffic in London no surprise
we've made it to our next destination
thank you for the uber driver thank you
we made it to the Bentley
hello to users and a five-star
I'm trying it in the room with a key man
yeah this might be a five-star hotel but
this is weird I don't lie this if you
like I'm staying at my grandma's house
cause just That's not me
back home just 4:59 you've got you've
got a one minute thing come out fine
weather year the minibar is oh my god
forever rushes that's pretty win I am
because I changed we're collecting Luke
Bryan and Robin Chinese at number two I
can see yeah come on quick come on
none will sneak you in the hotel tea
welcome to door and just say yeah just
saying s call for Brian WYD Bullas I got
to look I said s girl but Brian is he
naked isn't it what what are you doing
what are you cell with this room today
you've already managed to fully unpack
you've got the desk open dog you've
stacked your shoes you've reorganized it
you're about to burn down the bloody
building with all those plug charges and
stuff you brought your entire life with
you I'm impressed
oh nice nice and depleted let's do it
we please let me shave let me shave that
off November 1st we let somebody else
Lydia's gonna shave mine off ya know but
then let me do yours I'll donate to
fresh shave yours as ever know when to
donate alright I've got like a thousand
maybe not five go Jesus maybe it may
give me some bug for charity okay no
find the other key you left it in the
look shave you Bieber to five ground Wow
jerk and this would joking this would
shave it off you're on the wrong son
then I got that on camera we have Brian
we have new we're on a new adventure
you're going son Leicester Square then
we're walking to Chinatown I think
trying to find some food and we
certainly I want some wandering song
have chicken so we'll see how that goes
and yeah this seems really racist but
you're gonna take us to Chinatown am i
right in saying so
after a successful start China toad so
goddamn cultured we made it you do you
alright well that doesn't look too
Chinese career Chinese yes oh hi mark
that's that's the film that's the film
on a date for a fucking see wait hold on
just say I meant to say deep fried
seaweed salt and pepper
Oh mushrooms stop spicy salt and peppers
no we need suppose we always had a
pepper chicken oh my god
Lobster oh I want this I want this I
actually want this as you can tell I was
a kid
yes this looks like some pub chicken
actually I like that a lot
I'm going for a risk fried smoked
shredded chicken with salt and pepper I
don't know how it's gonna be but I'm
gonna give it a go yeah this is looking
pretty good right now we've got the
sample platter we got the dumplings we
got this isn't himself up with this
chicken right now here it is
this is smoked salt and pepper chicken I
don't know what to expect I mean when is
the next bottle flip Brian if you can
flip this over and it lands on its feet
doing a million dollars I don't know
who's gonna pay you I don't know how you
made such a mess in so you had a plate
but whatever quad click it we know don't
worry she's fine she's fine
well dude you really knows we're
spending on Cheetos yeah right Luke can
you do it what the hell
despite the disappointment rizal goodbye
you're eliminated
London's aimin we've got a game for you
like what nope I'm gonna try again hey
this is like the next bottle foot
I found out how geniuses get around
London oh my god Brian's friend Sean
rolled up on a skewer and you better
know I stole it hey guys don't mind me
just being a genius just being a genius
Sean you're the man this is this is like
the best way to get around London
absolutely genius I said well I said I'd
donate a thousand pounds to four No
Shave November you should so do it but
like I'm gonna I'm getting Lydia to
shave this off fucking mouth shut your
fucking mouth yes here is Benedict guten
like a prick doing what we do in the
Ivory Coast are you lost again maybe
drinking I know you know London and
we're foreigners all right but don't
taking the badges my integrity sir
that's an extra to AP on the charge I
know we're not going to make the uber
driver drop you off and then drivers to
that building actually dude you fucking
with me shows more or less time we hung
out yeah Oh we'll be like fall are you
lucky to out it looks like to nap hours
all right at the same game background
I've been on it and good luck with your
team you want your team to your Dodgers
go Dodgers all right I'm gonna bed thank
you very much watching today's vlog I'm
going to try and find it if I can find
this woman because
lost Lydia yeah I actually lost I went
for me mid Luke lost her and she's not
answering her phone so that was a
successful relationship I guess no I'm
joking I have to go now so thank you
very much for watching make sure you
leave a like and subscribe if you're
watching this now it is officially the
first of November
because I'm obviously out trolling this
the next day and this video went on the
1st of November you still got your bid I
might be doing during the event because
I need my moustache just for like
continuity video reasons weird I know
but I'm gonna shave it off and I want to
use my electric shaver but everyone's
saying get like a wet shave like go to
like a place where they can shave it off
so I really want to do that so I've
gotta make the decision where I get
shave or in shape so we'll see how much
look thanks for watching 6 p.m. tomorrow
leave like right ding dong the Bell I'll
see you guys that deep
