so cold all day they wouldn't ten
o'clock in the morning what I'm doing
awake I don't know I think this is I
think this is what having a normal sleep
schedules like but it's ten o'clock
Lydia's in bed so I'm going out getting
some milk some breakfast and making her
breakfast in bed
oh my god it's only October and this
stuff's arrived Christmas packaged food
Oh God
okay we've got our door fitted right now
you can see through the glass but we're
having a frosted section installed into
it just so it lets in some light bought
their privacy look hey this is looking
good thank you
I'm loving it and then that's what it
looks like nice and blinding doesn't
advertise that it's anything or anyone
it's just a nice looking office print
where are you
mum's on her way down all right believe
me I'm blaming it on you or on you you
pissed in the bed last night so this is
your fault okay I don't care what you
say it wasn't me you did it it wasn't an
accident it was you you did it on
purpose because you're a little
terrorist cat okay she's coming
it wasn't me it was the cat's oh I
couldn't drill I mean the cats could
have dropped minced garlic anything I
dropped garlic paste it stinks and to
think I went out this morning got orange
juice got pancakes got waffles
everything's a Chuck so she could stay
in bed so she could stay in bed and
breakfast in bed that could be ah cute
make like a cup of tea and everything
and then I spilt the garlic paste cut
down I need to bun bastard how about
coming thank God we didn't drop the hut
recipe it's not a chicken I'm gonna put
that so that doesn't happen again I
might've had I dropped something else on
you
make your life easier don't worry the
weather and England is grim it is nasty
but unfortunately this is my city but I
believe I have some special guests who
wants to come out of isolation hello cat
number one reveal yourself
hello yeah we heard you crying like 50
million times you can wait to play yeah
you have yeah you have where's your
sister
oh yeah there she is what we done today
and absolutely nothing we woke up at our
pancakes drop the garlic the garlic was
that bad that I dropped the garlic you
clean so that find out that way then we
literally went upstairs a free and
breakfast and passed out for another
like and now then one a 24-9 in cinemas
October so what you don't and why did we
bring the blade route umbrella whatever
all right now we're getting driving
pretty KFC and the film starts in like
16 minutes so we better be quick ah oh
yeah chicken zynga meal which is
probably be too spicy I'm gonna cry but
whatever we'll go for it you can only
tell but that guy just walked past is
worried I can't see it a syndicate shirt
I'm sorry Rebecca
I'm just in explaining what the first
blade run is about to Lydia white number
no way no no way
and I woke up and this guy's walking
away from me wearing a syndicate s-sure
so he'll put my daughter I can't see
because I'm setting my car I don't know
it's a sure he walked on like bro
I should have laundered him but I'd know
and I was eating KFC he's like a fat one
bought it works at City once all go
inside and say hello to him but oh I
love bumping into people in like random
wearing syndicate stuff so if you've got
any you're a legend if you want some
think down below syndicate original
oh yeah that was like three hours long
crying oh my god
but it was honestly really good I'm not
trying to panic you but Dabdoub Allah
what are you doing near my feet all the
time all the time yeah where's your
sister gone what you mean she spider Pat
oh no spider catch why are you doing
what are you doing up there
hey what are you doing what are you
doing up there spider cut spider cut
what you just look being there Pete
don't ya no no I know I know you better
put on sofa we were in we're going out
it's me Olivia Olivia is old school best
friend if you guys remember when I was
down in London we met with Jenny Jenny
her boyfriend from island or fiancee I
should say and we're now heading down to
Manchester for a steak at 10 o'clock at
night oh look at this
you wearing a suit we look at the smart
ladies looking beautiful okay this is
Eamon and this is Jenna we know Jenny
she slept in bed with Lydia but she
stopped she basically stole my spot
Sarge yes we are
those for us this is the lead board they
bring now for you to look at when you
decide which snake door yes
and for our first course we have a fish
food sampler and totally not we're
booking sausages well go together and oh
my god do we feast look at this look at
this for a selection of food and might
in me and looking or if I goddamn like a
really nice restaurant and they come
over and be like did you order a fried
egg amazing no you go back yeah you
oughta know within the order of project
so now for free I've gained a fried egg
I don't care where it came from how we
got here but I've now got a fried egg to
dip my what definitely supposed to be a
fat shit it's the thinnest chick I've
ever seen - enjoy it you did enjoy it
did you guys enjoy your meal it did go
on give it a rating out of 10 honest 7
he gave know he gave it a 97 Jenni what
would you give it what would you give it
I think I'm on the same page
it was very nice book just just as a you
just want your mom the Sunday Rose
pickup you be so fuckin Mancunian it's
unreal before you know you'll be pissing
and puking on the streets I'm like I'm
like hey man welcome to Manchester we're
walking around there just people
throwing up pissing everywhere falling
into a half-naked that'll be me in 20
minutes
it's mad it's this drinks menu is like
hog war but this like an alchemist Board
of drink
I
yeah yeah periodic table I Illuminati
confirmed I just don't know what I want
got the double shake going down I like
them like easy stuff oh my god a man
you're the best wait up wait on a whole
day
I think mom
coming sir
and now for the good part Gordon is the
perfect amount
oh yeah can I keep this I'm keeping this
for the maoist drink custom and keep it
Amos is a Jedi look at this door
he's controlling it right bring it to
Archer bring it to you oh my god is look
at this look at this the Irishman has
recent hours oh my god funny okay so
sorry I dropped you wow your magic
powers
why are you getting naked you literally
sat there getting undressed at least
what is in this drink I don't think
that's the right song yeah that's the
one and this is a this is our one we
alchemists it's been fun we love you but
this is our uber ride home
so let's rock and that's road here we
see a taxi man with a very moist back
section car you could say someone had
sex in it goodbye
taxi man this is basically Manchester on
a weekend everyone's trying to go into
forty two's secure is kicking off with a
bunch of large women walking past after
essed
currently she's going to the mariachi
band and whatever it's called what do
you what'd he call up I meant she's
going to salsa classes thank you
this man here is selling flowers toward
the public apparently and may be getting
in altercation with a man with a
camouflage hat but don't worry it's all
okay cause it's Manchester who now seems
to be arguing about directions for where
he needs to go and find a mate he has a
cauliflower chat therefore he needs to
find a woman with the matching at two
o'clock on a night in Manchester
cabs and ubers are out in force their
ladies are eating their pancakes
I didn't say pancakes I meant patties
kebabs
thank you it's meat basically in a
pancake which they nom the male's seem
to have found themselves some food and
be stumbling to the next destination
they have no care in the world for where
they're going as long as they have their
food we may have been spotted by a
stripy t-shirt man but he seems like
he's on a mission we see them on Chester
Hilton where people are dying to get in
but they don't have enough space for you
it's a particular brunette in all these
men are fighting about their penis sizes
what's dick towers how do you how do you
know about dick towers by the way Karen
Catherine loves herself a better dick
towers does she whose cap is Catherine
she's like I'm just like that
home did you guys have a nice sleep in
the back of that car they were past the
lookout they were out of it
anyway I can't believe we were have been
out all night it's like quarter past
2:00 this was supposed to be an early
night first or a karmush night costume
we could we know the cats are gonna be
like it's a great night the cats are
gonna be like the cat's gonna be like
you dirty stop-out
you bastards get back so what do you
think Manchester wicked to to comes up
that's just me being racist to the Irish
sorry I was locked my car so I can use
my headlights to find out where we're
going don't fall asleep now you drunk
bastard don't do it I have to end
today's vlog real quick and I don't know
why I'm doing it again but I just feel
like playing Minecraft so if you have
the urge to want to know when I'm
playing Minecraft make sure you follow
me I don't know the heavy way onto a at
Pro syndicate I'm gonna be streaming
very often I'm gonna be doing is like
challenges of me saying screw it I'm
gonna stir it for 60 minutes and
challenge another youtuber and we both
stream on the same seed to see who can
say he either cut the most diamonds
clack the most like of a resource or
just a load of random bunch of different
challenges so I think I'm gonna start
doing these little challenges live notes
videos just on livestream so if you
wanna check it out
follow me on Twitch that links down
below twitch.tv frosh I syndicate and
we'll see how things pan out there so
thanks watching today's vlog I'll catch
you guys later
that's a deal
