oh my god it's finally done the Japanese
are the Japan se video is done I'm
uploading it for the Audion it was a
little bit potato so because this camera
there has got the shotgun mic attachment
available or whatever you call this I
decided to go ahead and buy this bad boy
hoping it does a trick if it doesn't
know the failed purchase okay this seems
like a simple enough sell I'm assuming I
just slide it I'm I need both hands and
then I simply plug this into it I think
is AV out which probably wrong it needs
to probably go into AV inner I don't
even want to talk about alright
genuinely don't because it's to do
anything with this oh wait it's what's
going there instead mini advanced shoe I
don't know just gonna go ahead and close
that pretend that I know what I'm doing
actually just one there oh actually you
know what I think it's supposed to go in
there yeah I'm pretty sure I just put
this in like the power socket or
something like that it's supposed to go
into there that says microphone so there
you go rockin rollin professional and
now hopefully in my next video it won't
sound super tinny because microphone
quiet and this is actually kind of tato
but now would like my sound proofing and
this it should be should be nice and
professional it's raining it's miserable
but guess what I finally finally got
around to picking the winner of the
controller and if you're wondering like
what controller I gave away a raise
controls assembly two hours like so
everyone I said if you leave your
Instagram down below make sure you
follow me and subscribe to the channel
I'll pick someone at random and I
finally got round to do it like maybe a
week or ten days later but I've done it
this is a clip of what it looks like
when it's searching through all the
comments to select a user
and then this is a screenshot of the
person who actually won
so congratulations to baby Luke I'm glad
you're not actually a baby that's
absolutely brilliant what
congratulations I did the MU on
Instagram if you get back to me as soon
as possible I'll send it yeah if he
doesn't reply to me within like a week
or something I'm gonna pick someone new
that's just usually how I do giveaways
and stuff if someone doesn't reply
they're just like a dead account or
someone like that and they just
commented and forgot about it that's
someone else who's active deserves the
controller so I'm gonna go now cuz I
need to go to the Trafford Centre I
found my receipt from a watch let's go
get it fixed in some healthy greens for
your face you do not look impressed but
enjoy oh my god you make the rice and
everything I tried Photoshop for the
first time and I tried to do like you
know that one of them white outlines it
around myself to move it i this should
be a series called I tried to photoshop
and it just didn't work that's weird I
don't know what I did what did I just
press to do i honest to god don't know
how just looking for what's it called
where you've gotta get the metal that
ring around it I can do better with this
how do they do it how do people
Photoshop let me change the core god I
wish I would have paid attention in
school oh I think I'm gonna take two
there's the first one and then I
improved this right you magic one did it
now move it see what happens when you
move it what did you do oh you can pick
different things right I'll put that and
then move it Oh still one image god damn
it finally after three months three
months three months three weeks
I finally got the Japanese candy video
up I was gonna put it on my vlogging
channel but I like I said I just want to
keep that daily vlogging and then this
one for any kind of video that felt so
it's finally live to your faces you just
clean enjoy it then we'll be down in the
description
yes Gadsby you can come on the next trip
with me alright whatever he does don't
you dare who in that because it's the
exact same way out as like a litter tray
that you may attempt it because today he
peed on our bed again little bastard
yeah probably she's just not risk it
okay not a little tray this is actually
my polite Ling warranty to try and get
this fixed
absolutely you go Aidan because the
prints all condensate look I've got to
send it off and I've got to send it off
until like what are you saving the 19th
of next year the 19th of January next
year
my baby her there you go see you see me
all the Christmas decorations are on the
trumpet in it they're everywhere
everything's Christmas themed what the
hell going on with alone welcome to
relationships 101 where we're testing
pillows about loads of oh my god I
guarantee is over 100 so much better
pillow this one has duck and down no I
do a bed in when it comes to bed and you
should spend as much money as possible
on of it see that looks like an old
person in habit but it's a weird pattern
though yeah it's a culprit oh that's an
even wider one is this a super I feel so
lost you know when I walk around I have
a tick list like for white passport
watch
I'm missing my watch and it just have
even even though it's broken like
because the lens isn't working look so
bad in this light
but even because my watch has have been
working I'm so used to wearing it that
I've been walking around with it broken
on my wrist
now now I feel lost oh wow amazing
question time ignore the bootcut jeans
can I rock this hat yes I know
good decisions are being made right now
I can tell you that for free and oh wait
favorite what I swear I just picked
something off what I guess not I think I
might be going with that one never I
can't determine exactly what is this
world's most depressing ice cream is
left just lemon wow that's sad I know
well mr. and mrs. big spoon little spoon
wait what am i I'm at a big speak I'm
really chilled right there I'm the big
spoon oh I'm gonna make there's a cat
print one or fuck that nah if the cats
would good maybe I'd consider it
wait where is it we write we're trying
to look for a cuddling throw that's a
nice Paris that shoes stocking even is
it no I don't think it is is it
how much there's been found the best
mannequin ever
he's riding a goddamn scooter genius
wait for me Bobby l had enough of your
peeing and pooping on the couch I know
you've moved the pooping and all that to
the bedroom so you're a pissy not so
lucky the ones there just for safety for
now what your your what oh no no that's
not my security company that's me that's
my security camera in case the cat some
people probably on anger now but that
done if time was we have replaced them
with even more comfortable ones instead
look at this the cat piss riddled sofa
once used to be my pride and joy and
then we got two cats oh my god I've
actually seen it before
and I completely forgot that aunty Joshi
was fighting tonight so these fighting
we're gonna quickly watch this watch him
secure the W and carry on a pitch
perfect because that's just what we do
in it thank you for dealing with my
bullshit I can't even kiss her cuz I got
called sir he's a hard life I missed
half of the first round before I
realized I could pay for it on the sky
but actually I had no idea this fight
was coming I fight against I just know
that's an Utley Josh really looked
badass as fog and that guy he's so
ripped he's so tall he's so ripped oh
yeah he still lives at home after all
the money on everything he's owned and
the success he's made he still loves a
good mom what a lad I did my video
yesterday my vlog talking about whether
or not I should go to Africa I'll stay
on because going through disliking the
videos say the comments saying I should
go like to Africa and liking the
comments that say I should stay poor
AJ's been bloody head-butted headbutt
and broke his nose but I don't know if
he broke his nose before in boxing and
all the clothes oh well guys that's a
really sucky way to get your nose broken
in a boxing fight 15 seconds going into
the next round
mate his eye he's like I get out here
80s brought a G's like you broke my
fucking nose not bad mate look at the
size of my TV I could just like walk up
to it excuse me
keep me by the way what's his eye god
damn let him go for it go on that light
go on that word respect to him even
though he just head-butted AJ and broke
his nose whatever well Kimmy's fucking
panicked oh my god so much respect like
I've lost so much respect for the guy
head-butting him but now gains so much
room for getting back into it they've
carved the ref into her so look it's I
let him keep fighting fifth round one
minute 50 to go oh you like it
oh I'd only just you were just your
engine is Yeshua
literally was fight in and then just
when it got down on one knee and face
the guy and nearly got not look out
and there you have it no knockouts no
madness madness it was a good fight but
the refs called in the 10th round he mad
respect to that other boxer holy shit he
was fucking nuts the shopping for new
pillows I got two memory foam pillows
and oh my god but I do actually have to
wrap up today's vlog here so while
studies brushing into thing getting in
bed I think it's like 3 o'clock in the
morning however the clocks went back by
an hour so it's actually 2 o'clock so we
gained an hours sleep for some like that
but it's gonna start changing that it
didn't the days are gonna start getting
longer it's gonna get dark later
I don't know I don't know what actually
happens I can't remember except nobody
in the UK was there's nothing for so
long but it will do so we'll just see
how potater things turn out so thank you
very much for watching make sure you
leave a like rating subscribe I will see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. but don't
forget if you didn't check out the
Japanese candy buddy
I really appreciate if you guys go down
below click it make sure you leave a
like right that'll be awesome of your
face at how see you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. the next day looks until then good
bye I'm sorry oz
