what time did we say it's not half past
yet come back in 30 minutes
well too late you stuck out there Matt
granddad is such a nose blade is such a
bugger no joke like he's always done
this from there like the dawn of time
we'll say right we're going somewhere at
this time be at my house for 10:30 and
he's like right okay and I say to him on
the phone
granddad not 20 minutes early not 20
minutes after 10:30 on the dot he's
never late he's never never never late
to anything but what he always is is 20
minutes early 10:30 on the dot and cats
him out the house I'm not being mean to
my granddad not alright in him in the
house it's the fact that my system to
press the button didn't work upstairs so
I was bollock naked it was just like
granddad you just got the way outside
and talked about me so see how he is the
granddad who arrived early look it was
smiling what time do you call this Hey
no it's not a minute past Matt my iPhone
don't you try and button You cheeky
bugger you the cars looking nice look at
her in the Sun beautiful have you missed
me yeah have you ever miss before don't
you Oh at least told me that you keep
ringing her and instead of asking her
how she is you ask how I am got anything
to say about how you're away is it fair
to say do you prefer me over ours
I don't think she fix that stay
do not drive off without me documenting
it for the boss looking very nice would
you reckon done by today no really oh
yeah yeah looking good just paid for the
fuel for him and I thought that they
cared to say happy grounded
happy birthday done that to him yeah
clearly doesn't see him but I'm gonna
try and see if I can make you fall for
thinking it do you think I forgot I
forgot happy birthday happy birthday
mate
that's what me nullus not me birthday
cheer for my birthday
yeah it's April hey it's your birthday
yeah it's off be alright sure you can
take us out check with Ellis I'm gonna
sweet mean are you gonna take out for
dinner Lister names Alex yeah yeah
just making sure you remember Lydia you
know she's my girlfriend now you know
she's my wife my wife when did you marry
my dinner just call her my wife how do
you think I should marry her that's a
good answer
what a bunch of school kids came running
over dear did we get father's with you
no oh oh nice to meet you I've been told
or free jammed in Boston oh the nice my
audience out there super yes super
pleasant people you guys thank you very
very nice to my granddad when he's on
his adventures we live in Buxton in the
car what's the fastest you look around
in the car under on a racetrack an hour
late Agron dirt an hour later an hour an
hour later we've made it to a garden
center
but you've drove an hour to a garden
center for breakfast it better be good
hey that's nice Jack you're a granddad
nice and blue in it it's not as nice as
yours though yours is the best
yeah that's an old one oh yes don't I
get it
I'll push around oh I thought you'd say
yes damn it
well it looks were pushed around in this
granddad would you like a New York
cheesecake
granddad would you like a chocolate
eclair mousse no still don't takers get
dammit but I paid for petrol you're
paying for breakfast
deal I'm totally bringing Lydia here
what's a finds a way to go and do
afternoon tea look at that luxury
afternoon tea for two
oh it's amazing available daily 2/3 the
old breakfast days God breakfast with
Santa oh sure I'd say you could feed a
small village through that but you could
probably feed a large village without
much food Jesus that's a big-ass
breakfast for seven quick video you were
telling me that you're cleaner
threatened to leave so what did you do
so don't don't hide your head in joy
tell the cat
tell the camera what you did you say
yeah tell the camera what you did the
cleanest and to leave him so as she was
like moving out and he threatened to put
a curse on her house quiet except well
slow where is he been dead
hope you found which one you want I
fight in case really
oh yeah male fighting fish 7050 for that
that's a beautiful fish oh my god I was
that so cheap
oh it's because the tank probably cost
like a thousand pounds nice normal
walking fish normal working fishing
normal working fish what do you guys if
you were a fish you'd be one of these
fat buggers wouldn't you fat little
goldfish or whatever the call I've never
seen the point in these kind of fish
they're so bored hey bruh look 5 for 11
quick they're so boring like where's
Nemo Nemo has got be over there someone
found Nemo
found Dory piranhas now I'm joking their
snowball fish just just Oh galaxy
parents school but they do look like
piranhas right yeah little bit a little
bit okay nothing interested
and it was the same things to be honest
oh yeah that's nice that's nice but
where is it where's Nemo knee off our
game oh look at him goon deadlock look
haha
should we buy you a Nemo fish would you
look after it oh ok what Wow
Savage oh my god yellow tanning
ok that's expensive you're a nice ass
fish man
you're also a nice ass fish man and I'm
you or you are just so cute look or to
look at I'm sorry that mr. hermit crab
or whatever you are I did not notice you
there for a second thoughts and opinions
on elf and a shelf would you not
consider that the creepiest weirdest
thing you've ever seen you may have
heard of Elf on a shelf but have you
heard of Dave in a rave listen let's
talk about cars more talk about them
titties
look at them would you like a statue of
some boobies is that oh yeah because it
perfectly matches the cats at my house
so are you giving me I bought my
granddad some mints risk are some bah
humbugs
tasty treats per 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 oh
my god holy shizer what my god this is a
collection I know Nina for our deal
Bob I've never seen so much do not cry
whatever you do do not crash into these
cars grandad
we do not need a Monti Ferrari pileup
one raindrop stop focusing fake
raindrops now that is some money that
car T white loses them
yeah but plates always get me interested
or hasn't got from license plate defer
our is not need one come on like Ron its
specific am I didn't underneath the
Ferrari garage the man walks a lonely
road in the rain eating his bah humbug
sweets you know I feel like running out
the rain no weathering the storm yeah
which one would you ask one of the old
school ones or one of these new ones I
think so this one I like ask me I don't
know why Ferraris are red
I like Ferrari yellow these garages and
which is it going far whoa 170 this is a
twin this is a 2012 this brand bloody
new look at that Jesus that's a true
old-school door looking at this is such
a good sure this is what you call a
hospitality suite you've got a kitchen
to cook your food and a fridge full of
champagne and drinks that is not bad at
all what can a school there's only 22 of
the Twix two of these versions of the
car in the world and grandeur this is
like 1.8 million
what you got sushi got some saving up to
do bait oh my god it is nice and I bet
back in the day you'd look at that like
how you look at this this is a thing of
you look at this exhaust like you said
Teletubbies yeah that's um that's um
that's a passion project that innit oh
your house sell your jag I'm buying this
for 250 grand fresh out the walk run got
fresh out the lot look at that we can
share it at weekends damn I can't see
anything to reflect to his anything yep
that's nice that is so damn nice look at
that engine granddad look at that engine
oh my god he was revving the engine via
mate that was amazingly proper shot
himself go on give it around
beautiful take care yourself
don't break the speed limit you know you
like to drive fast and furious and I'll
see it see you give it tomorrow another
day okay love you buddy
they don't drive off without my cupboard
Oh bye oh hello you two just off
oh come on I got you new bed
come downstairs oh you're hungry wait
hey who's gonna notice the bed first
here is it gonna be none
what's this what's that Wow comfy new
bed look at that okay look at the cause
Oh you much kind of is perfectly random
adventure eat on time um you know I keep
walking for like Lund everywhere and
stuff well when I was in a bike ride
quite some time ago I saw I want one and
I'm a factory mother I do a factory
because there's like 20 floors on it you
get like a hundred eight hundred hundred
thousand foot of space I'm basically
matter which is the place just to have
like my own but fantasy factory like
just do whatever I want in it so there's
a place that I know that just burnt down
and I was terrible but I'm gonna try and
see but kind of look around it I think
is abandoned all right I already I don't
think you'll be able to make it down
this road and so I could have to run
that what an idiot
yo look at this I'm pretty sure this
place has been bought for like you know
apartments or whatever but then if I'm
right in thinking so it burnt down like
it was a fire whilst it was something
like a massive fire and I don't whether
the insurance paid out or not because
the roof looks like it's been fixed
rather than just being left to but
this this right here I don't know how
long I'm fresh does this look not very
to be honest so I don't know if they're
like doing still loads of work on
it or not doing
I guess people don't agree with you the
no trespassing sign
oh yeah what you can see all the funny
damage not too sure what's going on over
there and if you ever looked a bit
further down I'm pretty sure in saying
it's been abundant but look at all this
land you get all this internal hunde Wow
look at that
god damn so much space so much goddamn
space and this is like two minutes down
the road from me I just don't know
what's happening with the building like
obviously it's burned down and they've
concrete it up the windows so people
don't go in but I'm pretty sure a viewer
of mine tweeted me a photo of this and
then climbing inside and on the ruse and
stuff
luckily four stories of just madness is
probably got a basement as well
this is sick hey this thing is
massive if it goes all the way down here
Wow this is a project to have this now
buying a property like this makes
complete sense to turn into lights and
stuff but you can see where people are
kicked it in I don't know if they like
went to rob the place or whatever when
it burned down like to salvage matters
of a book like this walls been kicked
through
there must just be like people looking
for puffer that may have been installed
or something look at the size of the
back of it oh my god there's so much
lund it's buildings probably falling
down don't get all how this
looks creepy
no I hope that looks bogged down ass got
a basement oh you've got a big-ass
basement
I'd love to walk around this at
nighttime and by that I mean no I
wouldn't but it would make for a funny
video
let me crappy myself it's got like an
outdoor Garret this place is yeah me
look at this for scale all this land
here for like parking or put in an
outdoor go-cart track on it or some like
that you've got this outside building
over a and yeah it looks like the aviary
replace the roof probably to stop water
going into it don't know what they're
doing with it this would soak up I don't
what don't judge versus we're young but
this building would just be a money SAP
it would like to even do up like say
that one building alone let alone them
buildings would be ridiculous but
imagine buying this doing it up running
the syndicate regional clothing from
here like I could use every building
it's like a project or whatever I want
it in it sounds random by just one lund
and there's no neighbors either side to
annoy alter distraught I'm pretty sure
there's a canal on the back of it so you
know I felt like putting like a boat in
there or a jetski just one time I've
been around that'd be pretty sick God
absolutely a little bit to pieces I
don't on how long it spinning itself
like all this graffiti on it but this is
so sick Wow whatever is over here they
really didn't want anyone coming inside
to dick this time they thought that they
didn't even bother breaking it up they
just put these huge huge things unless
unless this building by the looks of
things might be falling down so for
insurance purposes
they put all this into stuff people
climb in it oh I guess that's how people
got in spooky spooky and I'm guessing
the entrance this is oh my god it's
actually kind of scary like it's so
eerie
Wow graffiti got really big big and a
day they broken up on the wall die live
oh no it's like an underground section
looks like nature's reclaiming its
ground Charlie Charlie are you WS what
gold Nova wait isn't that Bella strike
this is like some of the worst graffiti
I've actually ever seen in my life but
see that is what people probably came to
take this is copper pipe that they could
probably sell but the Illuminati's been
a Oh
big-ass penis looks like an electric
board building this month for sure
like this is how the stack is underneath
the staircase he's hella creepy but even
this one outside garage section of this
entire building invite ten times the
size of my house already
oh this like don't get me wrong this is
probably strong enough to keep it
together but this place looks like he's
gonna fall apart any second
oh this is daddy's ninja bar by that
Jesus that's aggressive I think I can
play that ecology zombies mouth power
cable box
I don't even know what that graffiti
means yo that's major extraction funds
there for air I'd love to see the inside
in this bit I see if there's a door see
what I mean like just to fix this room
along with the roof would just cost you
this probably belt probably underground
to fix this room and this is maybe 150th
of the entire building wonder if it
started in here because like that
doesn't burn like all this building and
all this building kind of does that's a
bit of a shame it looks like they were
doing a lot of work on it and then he
just went all tits up I wonder if it was
like burned down on purpose by some no
beds oh it was just an accident
either way everything returns to the
earth proper check out how big so about
ten penises on my way past
well outhouse up here this is bigger
than my house I may talk about a factory
of this size and this little outhouse I
found it's huge this would truly be a
life goals property it's genuinely not
far at all from my house it's two
minutes down the road from my house he's
got so much London there's no one to
disrupt there's a bunch of land with it
but you could probably if you were to
make a track like a gold cassimy or an
outdoor trap all the way around the
house like Gymkhana style and over you
like don't expect me to get this project
done in five years this would be a
lifetime project but you can make a look
dope ass out house out of this you can
either like rent one of the falls for a
paintball arena somewhere you can make
an outhouse on it you could have family
here you could build a garage here like
you can have such a nice Parkway
driveway here
yeah I just looked projects I know it
might sound oh boy I wouldn't play
Minecraft I didn't do well at like
building a house from scratch and work
with something that I previously found
like I'd dig into the ground and then
make an epic bunker on the ground I like
I like working with someone that already
exists I'm here exploring this building
I come out and I'm like macao strapped
in by someone else I thought it's the
owner of the factory
turns out these lads you also do YouTube
channels got a drone they've
already been through it on the top floor
and all that sort so they're wearing
jeans and light shoes and everything
like that bro Shores so they've
already been through it now they've got
a drone back for some epic shots fellow
youtubers look like locally mad outs to
the homies bloody hell Lachlan just
ordered himself a limited edition riot
lion a Ross and insignia on a nest but
he did just drop dungeon $5.00 they paid
$30 for shipping where do you live it
Australia or something really still out
of all the toys in this house
you keep he barges in this room just to
play with that one little yogurt thing
it's okay they took out your special we
know it is a cold last night time no
coat for me but I didn't just spend the
last three hours streaming minecraft I
don't know why I decided to play
Minecraft I just had a feel for it and
it was like 6,000 people watched on
Twitch so that was pretty cool but now
it's time to
reunite with wife and head to the Joshua
Bradley that my brother marks birthday
meal gotcha bitch
ken birthday bye
high-five gay boy are you wave you know
I don't know Wow Mack what you got there
in your hands man oh happy but happy
birthday to you no no don't give them
another hat do not give him another half
do not yep my heart don't stop well this
is nice brand new signature regional
 coming soon to my beer drinkers in
the audience
I ordered a pine and then drank the
fight and halfway through some reason my
pipe look like this
what does anything dead it dead I got a
fresh pipe back in return cut the head
off happy birthday MA
Cheers oh by a gum that is some good
that's a big prawn cocktail that's for
kid kid not a kid floor nope that's a
chicken liver how do you feel blondie
calm how bright is a hushed now
sorry this was good
I don't know
okay is your birthday what did you
wish for
Oh Nick no something not as accurate not
close but you can tell us that judged
you immediately then is that well I'm
not gonna go with you anymore cuz that's
a bad decision there you go
is this shirt so you get better look at
that sponsored run new Civic original
shirt get better soon mate let me see
your staples let me show the world tell
me you're balanced with it
wait what Lucy the coverage are coming
soon always pick up much oh it always
comes on nights out now Alice comes out
tonight so no no just with a handbag
with Cyndi you like twins it's my secret
twin oh right
dad dad what do you think you look like
a gangster where's my coat don't give a
video where did you get that hot mic but
don't give it as mic where did you get
on your drugged up your drugs your dad
drugs are soccer
oh don't burn out all at once dad
but put your phone down don't put your
foot down you might break it yeah I love
you won't it's been good to see on your
birthday I love you
I saw the ass no thanks for watching
make sure you leave right great
and just like that I've gained another
fifteen thousand pop biggest thanks
Alice rejected what what is this and
what did you do okay well what is this
what is this so what did you do to the
bed sheet unit system altogether oh well
first they really pieces of paper what
you know I can see what you've gone for
not too sure this kid dead but he tries
I'm so proud of you kids have to do it
again just in case go for it you know
