starting today's vlog a beautiful damn
time dad do you know what the numbers
1337 mean clothes for those who don't
know 1337 is in light numbers meaning
letters sort of thing so one is L 3 is e
so it spells leet because 7 is a tier
family so it spells leet and then Li is
short for a leap which is the highest
prestigious thing in gaming so 37 stem
1337 means elite at you little kitty cat
sleep yes you are look at you you're
slowly utility it's a leap boat shot a
leap it it's early but it's short for me
but it's shot 13 yeah what he's not for
that's a for is an A in it what what no
no no like and no no no no no a one is
considered an L in gaming terms a three
looks like an E and then a seven looks
like a t think about license plates yeah
I kind of throw myself as well I don't
like these ones these are the ones you
bought me from a birthday right they fit
properly
no mister Gadsby do you want to tell me
why your sister has engaged herself in
their sofa busquet let's get basket no
jokes you just randomly jumped off the
edge of it what you doing in there you
know if you don't get out probably it's
probably gonna collapse on you you're
gonna fall right oh go on go on go on
Oh nailed it see your sister's little
ninja right it's about time we get a new
shot on this shop you're looking very
comfortable there
man what a love ripping all this out we
reckon you're gonna fit it by today or
tomorrow oh nice I don't dad
oh here it is here's our new shop front
look at it very nice and new are you
excited are you excited I mean oh we got
cool Birds
we got indoors you
oh sure bad job you think you can get
away with leaving it like that and when
does the new floor go in when is it
before going alright hey police forget a
new shop run yeah I just need to express
again this is not a shop so this is not
a place for people to turn up to this is
most like a private business office is
that we just caught a shot because the
building used to be a shot for something
else so we just refer to as the shop so
it's an office I just don't want people
to turn it up there so don't be a
naughty person don't do it alright it's
looking good
next door next door that's where my mom
and sister gonna be for the rest of
goddamn lives just to clarify we've got
this new building and I feel so sorry
for my mom and Alice because currently
they live like five minutes away from
the current office but then when the new
office gets made
they could have to travel like 20
minutes what do you want did you post oh
you want to say them letters okay yeah
you know you're gonna pay me you're
gonna pay me to do this
Yeah right okay nice to see that much
love good bye
so yeah best brother employer in the
world I'm gonna make my mom and sister
drive 20 minutes every single day to get
to work rather than five minutes I'm
just just we roll to collect some dinner
for my mom and sister it feels like
forever since I've been here and been
bowling because kapkan radio stop stop
there you go thank God for that quick
quick button I've got my story well it
has been a sweet minute since I've been
bowling I've had my knee fixed so I
should ball better but let's be honest
I'm just still terrible at bowling ball
count ball with Cal because at his
operation you know he's got this
yeah he's hernia a somewhat removed so
until he's better in three weeks
we can't ball I can just probably go oh
my God look how good that bacon
cheeseburger with jalapenos blogs sexual
hi mom
hey how are you enjoying that three
thousand dollar gaming laptop over there
you've been playing lots of games on it
you haven't have you
you're all using Google Chrome on you
get lost
in a good way you mean Wow look at this
chroma nice lots of Hollis
pile of shit I always know holidays and
going get my son Hodges and go here and
there like get massages just because
it's like it's the nicest thing in the
world get a massage and next is
syndicate original where we're currently
up there's a massage place there I've
never thought about going to it so I
just wanted us to like hey available
she's booked up like two weeks she's
crazy
get it out get it out get it out get it
out what is it where is it oh I got a
mini haha oh oh oh
wax transition what is it what is it I'm
gonna minute I got a bit smiley face no
that's not a smiley face is that looks
like right in oh my god oh my god oh
yeah
syndicate original oh yeah I like it
um I've got to admit I think that's a
dope ass shit you know what it says all
this usually says that Theban mighty
this is that brand new signal original
shirt that is not even out yet right
like what we're doing when my and
writing buck as well I think it actually
think it looks sick and black she's got
it she's rummaged I don't know show us
show us show us how much you know
showing us yeah okay yeah that looks
dope
I'm look show them the new print on the
sleeve shown the real asleep Oh Oh a
little bit different oh oh why why why
hide in it you prefer in white I like um
just doing all these tomorrow oh wait oh
yeah oh yeah that looks good I like it
you're black yes alright go on pull it
up again that looks dope that's a really
dope design taste Ellis wait oh ma keep
going
I'm just filming sorry good job babe
you're always on edge dear all of the
greens are grieve sorry thank you very
much for that tiger it's not like right
type thank you very much for the tiger
it probably is a gift for Gadsby and
lunar so thank you very much I don't
know why my mom strap this to its core I
think it's to show you my name and we
appreciate it
so I'm gonna take this home tonight all
the graves are homey
a little look small right and there's
another package a cat grooming arch I
think you put catnip in the bottom of it
so they scratch it and walk under it but
yeah I don't think I've ever seen that
before but tell you what well bonus
includes catnip looks like a small bag
of drugs for cats
konnichi Jan what's it on each and means
big brother in Japanese gonna try the
lucozade graph graph fruity smells good
good questions you ever be asked by mom
no I don't do drugs
it tastes nice uh to particularly put my
finger on a flavor I could say I don't
have a goddamn clue you ever actually
sent me this bad boy is a beast I have
not actually seen this pop figure and I
am immediately taking this home and
putting it on I actually didn't realize
that that's like a nest behind his eye
that looks sick what do you say woman
huh welcome to unboxing video where
we've got bubble wrap nothing else in
that okay well that's the world's
thinnest box okay we get a lot of this
is assassin's creed figure nuns accrued
figure the ensemble cast excuse me
get on camera she brandished a knife at
her own son no this is Hey hey Tom don't
know if you remember me but I was the
guy you played dambulla games I do up
sermon don't but Calton PS mine clutch
you never take never took off so please
take these figures as yours
Oh countin thanks bye nothing someone
sent me some cowboy nothing in it
oh yeah but like I need to know where
they are in the house seriously the
light ninjas I lose them so there's
there's cap colors maybe Theo could have
won no ok so there's some cap colors
he's a lot of the rings
nazg√ªl I don't know who that is what it
is but it's duck damn cool that's what
it is we got a Rick of Marty figurine
that's awesome don't think I have so
house snowball and this is from Dave
also known as didn't leave a name so
whoever sent me that thank you hello
next unboxing goes to the chainsaw oh
the chainsaw massacre figurine that is
disgusting absolutely disgusting
and there's a dough off this person this
is from a jeweler Willy on the side of
it
oh that wasn't me it wasn't Chris hi
Shauna I've been watching your board
since forever that's a long time
they're the highlight of my day I
thought you might like this to add to
your collection all of it all the best
for the future from Chris
god damn it Chris you know what dude oh
man
let's go let's go alright next box is a
reptile how how I don't know each seed
can fit on this
why well to be honest there is a big
iguana of saladin which it looks like it
comes in and these bearded dragons on it
but they're baby bearded dragons so I
honestly think Steve is too fast well I
mean you know what we'll try we'll try
thank you very much of that is awesome
what is this combine with other senses
cat it senses 2.0 apricot oh my god it's
a little cat face it's a cat face it
goes all the way around either they can
scratch it I don't know what that does
and I don't know what that disease abook
it's a cat sensory device okay oh wait
Jason SWAT chases war peekaboo designed
for hunters and stroke pile for extra
layers yeah you know I'm doing this when
we get home
it's a kitty cat this is a kitty cat
harness wait is this the actual one for
steve-o I think I still want to speed
that somehow made it in the book but I
got a shout out to most wrong oh god
Tommy Lydia can't forget all Steve
swimming for when he's back kick it wait
for him to kick back on much love from
coochie bang bang on Twitter next one is
from Tom Lydia a big congrats on the new
addition to the syndicate path a little
summit summit for Lena and Gatsby
keep up the awesome vlogs much love most
pussy bang bang on to it dude thank you
so much for cannot wait to set that up
preciate you hold the phone we forgot to
announce
the announcement bump the announcement
mom Chewbacca how much how much money
did we raise for motor neuron disease at
the show this is okay go go money my
pretty go oh wow you know what I
actually really do appreciate it just
click one day like Worcester at the show
I was like everyone is a massive legend
and I was like why not do we just take
one of them charity boxes and people
could donate to it so I said screw it
let's do it
I'm gonna get raising an extra seven
hundred and twenty pounds from Aronian
the lip fell off in the van you know all
the money's going to the right place
thank you for everybody every single
person there's actually one guy you
donate you forty pounds to it so who
donated dollars Mustard's
it was Minnie lad who donated dollars
son of a bitch I'm gonna make him take
it out transfer the currency and pay it
back in you don't deserve any money for
your wedding fund your wedding is going
to be a fast I love you up top come back
to me one day okay come back can play
pub Gianna moves really random pop
figures a Tasmanian Devil space jump
even Chokey from Rugrats oh thanks man
for two days now I've been meaning to
nuke this office there's just there's
games lying around there's stuff over
there that don't need this paperwork
it's just crap all this stuff over here
needs they organizing all sorts of stuff
either today or tomorrow I'm getting
this side no no it's not good for you so
countdown this is something that I
didn't think I should have stole off the
sand so I didn't so I ordered myself
actually get in it so this is a really
really how to get it this thing this is
not sponsored by the way I just really
love the ball that much and someone
linked me it's holy but I got I bought a
ball the Johnnie Walker Black Label
director's cut ball from the film I
thought it looked really really cool so
my god went and bought one of course I
think it makes sense to tomorrow is
October again this is not sponsored boy
we came such a meme that on my other
videos everyone goes hey Tom do you know
what's happening October 5th and I reply
to my playboy 2014 I'm not sponsored so
looks damn cool and certainly if you
want to send me one that I don't have to
pay for that'd be great no no oh don't
say is she falling down the back of the
draw
no no yeah I don't know I don't know how
we get out wait wait
in there no come out now this has been
fun and games but it's time to come out
come on come on come on you can say this
has been a catastrophe mr. Joe I hate to
tell you guys but the fact that there's
no cushions on the sofa does that not
mean that you're in cat poop territory
it's just a prank there's no cat poop
there what are you doing oh yeah not
scared let's get a glass balls anymore
oh yeah I am time to see Tom McCollum's
car in the light I like that that's a
cut damn Beast there's another mean BMW
but I tell you what I'm going filming
this real quick and you can see it by
the wheels look at this look at this oh
my god it's a nice fucking car oh my
days svr holy shit look at that bad boy
fuck me four exhaust fix carbon spoiler
on the back
Lewis B who's Lewis be on a Shakey's and
until he's a goddamn legend that is so
sexy I mean like a creep taking photos
of someone else's car this guy pulls up
to the side of me and says hey can I
take a photo with you I'm like that's
not my car and he's like no I want four
with you am I sure we're gonna go to
Nando's nanos was busy so he said no
Nando's
yeah that is a true statement if we
would have just waited at Nando's we
probably would have been got past the
queue I mean over up now sure
500 that does look pretty good Manuel
this summer but I don't know if it's the
plate or something but it just looks so
blonde it looks like it's missing
something
it smells great bought I think the red
on the plate just throws this dish
completely off however Oh have I got
cheesy mash potato is this just been sat
around my mashed potatoes got a skin
Franky and Benny's eat fresh from the
Fred oh this is not practically finished
Oh to GI Freddy's eat fresh I don't
believe Tom I swear bleeding through
time to be sure if not blinked and
nobody wants
you know every time I don't but I think
of Lincoln I think of well laser Quest
is it's never gone it has to be said see
these are the guys service was super
nice the service is a 10 it is a 10 the
boot did say group to get here but
that's nice fall and the food from not
francium Benny's TGI Fridays gets a
whopping
one now give it I give it to people out
of 10 all people to our town do you want
me to buy you a key is that real well
that's fucking sweet this is pretty damn
cool look Allah that's good but love you
in this one there's the best which are
these
hundred quid hundred fifteen hundred and
ten well man that is cool though
that is hella cool one hundred and forty
five quid from Golden Rose world-famous
climbing wall laser Quest and Paradise
Island Adventure Golf
you better know that's where we're going
this is the most typical place for
people to come on days in it this this
is it more you know this is where
everyone in Manchester in your local
area just goes what should we do today
like a couple looks all couples yeah
yeah mystery guy working at the golf
place we just walked in and said if
you're Biggers up in the vlog I was like
I already did I love this place is where
everyone goes in days landish me for
free thank you very much sir I believe
in you
wait where's 8:00 where's Livia gone I
can't see it she's ready to come applaud
top come on
I have no idea I don't play golf no no
it's house you
where did you get it hole-in-one thank
God right come on get your Publix I'm
believing you I'm Abe take your time and
that's definitely help that's it that's
it I can't really say anything sample
we're gonna mess up as well all right
here we go
the trip Jesus what is Dacia
no you have to wait the ball up what's
that five fine
one time I believe in the dream I
believe in the drip oh he's done it oh I
got I guess I got too ahead of myself
filming a hole oh he's done it his fall
he's gonna take poor shots how do you
feel about four shots Tom you'll get
there eventually right that is it max oh
fuck he's gonna let me patiently oh
lucky lately
and luckily they need Tom what Johnny Oh
what against Tom shows your ball shows
you believe us
it's not t bugging me so we should
choose you blue balls the guy gave Tom
this cuz it looks like Manchester City
which is shitty but just assure - I
don't fucking know it'll put weight at
golf on football oh he's really League
no you're not winning the league just
for that I didn't get that far on camera
but well you guys fighting who won
I think they've given up on the game Tom
Oh Tom's done it
oh wait wait it's rolling it's going in
the mouth it's going to the mouth
Inigo like in you go what watch this
watch this space Tom see Ruby's face
Ruby spit Oh is a place Ruby's face
that's what friends threatens upon Tom's
your balls right Tom come in the office
camera skills if you actually score it
in the middle you get free game gone
master Duan Master come on Oh out you
don't get unlimited goes that's it
anyway you get right Tom you're up all
right Tom's turn stepping up to the
plate all right no you just got need
accuracy Tom neat yeah Tom it's a
straight bloody wine all right Tom
messed up all right Lydia
you're up ladies nothing I could
possibly see you see that was awful oh
yeah
we're going doing the raid I've not seen
it played before I've actually never
done it before so there's doodie oh yeah
this is gonna be sick
this is what we're doing wait wait what
was excited you do me what I know the
time started I would say I could see
what you doing back ah sorry
just don't touch the lasers one minute
twenty one you tried
Tom Joe go next yeah go next all right
oh you kick my ass
you got 100,000 scores of a damn it
protip don't borrow all through it I
came eight god damn it
the whole point is not to hit the lasers
come on Marlene girl
oh shit
51 I think Lydia no yeah baby yeah oh no
wait you might want Lydia wins
rekt noob what a top vote that is so
cool Eagle I cooked it up with a golf
game and then we tried the maze thing as
well by the way we need to announce real
quick before we step away the winner of
Tom get over it no Molly is going out to
the winner of the mini golf double date
championship goes to okay me audino's do
the walk
do the walk he's only giving the wall I
want him to do the kalenna McGregor damn
it that was really good fun
like that he's super cheap to do super
fun and super easy so proper recommend
going have you got a winner speech or
anything no yeah you're just just gonna
bask in your glory
that's what Tom does he just walks in
fucks you up and leaves
beautiful beautiful I'm sorry babe sorry
so if I got the keys shit how about hey
are you looking for when we play you're
in because you weren't there a second
ago
around running a riot in bed right now
so I'm gonna sleep
apparently not have any catcalls because
both bastards took a shit bedroom stinks
at least lead in the right place but I
don't have to go now guys so thank you
very much for watching make sure you
leave it a like rating subscribe ding
dong notification Bell leave a comment
down below as to where me Lydia Tom and
Molly can go on a double date next time
and maybe we could I'm thinking of it
maybe better go kai and con Tom likes
his racing
Lydia's basically Kali McRae and I don't
think I want to get in a cow in my she's
she seems like she might of crazy
tendencies but one of the greatest rally
drivers of all time
just sayin but yeah leave some
suggestions down below I might be able
to do it in one week so thanks watching
much love and I said the horse
