oh I think I guess I'll just stay a
little potato in bed then thanks for
breakfast in bed Alex love you have a
nice day now watching my day what'd you
get out of my bedroom watching Jack and
his dad
trouble around the world awesome by
Theodore E
dear Theodore E who's a big cat not you
you're a dog all right
regard for my household I might see you
later if not goodbye for the day you say
Cal's for me yeah mm-hmm dude stop
coming stealing my water is there a
storm coming hey kid Walsh right mate go
on mate while you're at it go on lad
oh you you're a legend
I'm sure the door boy I've got myself
some started ready to rock and roll
that's oh I got no pants on or eat me
but don't worry about that
and today's shirt of choice I'm feeling
black you know what we're gonna wear the
big s shirt like I said I'm feeling
motivated here is my bag of Japanese
sweets oh I'm gonna film a video pretty
much ASAP this morning for The Syndicate
channel and then hopefully that she'll
pretty cool I then got a video to thumb
about the fridge rages gaming helped me
that I used to wear well I wore once for
a video when everyone keeps asking where
that is and then most importantly that
I'm gonna try and get set up is the
charity auction but before any of that I
think I need to UM get the haircut
because I look like an absolute potato I
know I'm a potato most days anyway
bought today I'm feeling a bit
particularly too much so time to get my
hair trimmed probably regret it
absolutely immediately look like even
more of a potato for a week okay one
bald n for this Snickers bar look at it
good morning good morning
look at your little face what are you
doing in there Luna you okay that's me
my god you guys are so cute
about my Japanese candy ready to do that
video later today but I got my email
through oh sorry
this this is a letter saying please all
up to two hours for appointments you may
require further x-rays what it's been
about hmm two three weeks since I had
money injection and I tell you what it
feels so much more so so much better
than it did before I'm very very happy
with it poor yeah they did say I needed
to come back within six weeks oh uh
trouble 25th I've got a go back and have
some scans to check how everything's
going on fingers crossed they say it's
all good everything's you know a okay
and I'm not gonna die so yeah thing it's
a nice day it's actually very cool
breathable oh nice walk down mood get
woman yep knee works at home
excuse me sir don't mind you taking the
vehicle
thank you think you've ruled all the way
down there thank you
alright next up will my gate be open
hell yeah that's more self a sandwich a
gingerbread man and a bottle of bloody
water oh yeah you can tell autumns II
get all these leaves and as you know in
England if you didn't know this that
little symbol there means barber shop so
I'm going to barbers hopefully it's not
busy BAM look at that fresh trimmed
ready rock and roll it's not spiked up
don't worry about that I now need to get
my ass down to Starbucks get myself a
coffee get on and start making some
videos I've got a lot of that I
need to do today and I'm kind of behind
on schedule
get it open one o'clock in the afternoon
doesn't help Sam wait where is it
where's my order
I'm salad sandwich mayonnaise no
tomatoes no onions okay I went in to get
a latte so do not judge me yeah I'm kind
of on the wine okay maybe I'm a bit
further out the line but it's this guy's
fault why what could his goddamn back
tell you what the oh behind the
scenes check this out this is like my
little filming rig that I've got so I've
got my like light up here this sound
proofing sounds really good so much okay
with this and I've got I'm a big old
camera that I used to use for like my
live streams like it's a 60fps camera
and it's absolutely gorgeous but look
how good this background locks if I
switch this onto the camera real quick
look how good this background looks and
can see me there just like that come on
today look out sick that background
looked through the stripe eNOS I've
always liked like this sort of a way out
sort of thing and it's nice to actually
finally put it to you so no always it
got a soundproofing functionality it's
now got a big little backdrop background
and yeah I am Microsoft on the floor but
you know what doesn't my carpets made
this cameras out that I just used down
there look so good on the outcome look
at that the quality of it is beautiful
that took me like an hour to edit what
is mm a 18 minute video 30 minutes worth
footage cooked down 18 minute video I
don't know what day I'm gonna post it
bought just a heads up let me just show
you this and wait for it wait what yeah
go down see where I ended up throwing it
whilst doing the challenge so the
challenge was just a video but I ended
up throwing up but that video will be
ready for your guys faces soon but now
it's 6 o'clock on the dot I need to get
my vlog live I need to start streaming
on YouTube and everything should be good
and rockin also catch you guys in two
and a half hours after I finished
streaming some sins piehole two-hour
episode of The Sims is finished done
streaming is looking good I'm liking
what I've done here all stuck up my nose
itches helped but wow look at my
five-star cuisine meal I'm upping right
now yeah you better know okay big hair
of just finally my food phone Harry my
food that's my own fault to blame since
I cooked it Oh God I think Alice's meals
which is like mixed something over with
egg fried rice what this is how you let
me eat you wet me you let me like
this yeah often nothing she did actually
she did actually offer and the cats are
apparently on cocaine tonight cuz
they're running around like absolute Mad
Bastards
but this is just mine this is my family
life I have going on right now and this
will do bro what what do you what was
that dude what the hell I don't know how
he didn't damage the curtain venerating
he probably did but what what it was
there jump from there to
and just crawl all the way to the top
what are you doing you're bad man don't
worry you're not in trouble well you can
have a but no I don't want them climbing
the curtains but I've never look at them
there's no waiting for me to shower them
there like I did it wait but they've
probably been practicing that all week
I like all hold they lost those in Japan
did practice in it just but yeah that
game oh yeah look now you don't bother
don't you yeah that's right Luna you
tell him off you tell him off you chase
around and tell him he's not watch this
watch him run away what did you do what
did you do what did you do what you
should have done hmm mr. gates be mr.
gates be you were gonna be such a fat
cheeseburger cat look at look at his
face this yet this cat will eat anything
he could be so far and look at him he
just thought he always looks like he's
seen some good girl
who's a good little pooper yes you are
well done now if we took a vote is that
gonna shower yet for attacking a stealth
hoody yes or no
what do you know know those belly spots
oh my god okay I'm gonna do you a favor
I'm gonna hide this just so you don't
attack it okay is that a deal there's a
flip-flop knock yourself out
whoa they're actually taking interest in
the football savage no you're actually
attacking my football right now she's
like no how do I move this very oh she's
in the flip-flop it's a cat in a flop
look I really didn't think you were
gonna do it wow I have a sweaty foot
Jesus look at that sad HQ subscribe for
37 months folly blades subscribe for 38
months and then to one-up all of them
for scroll down take DK Laysan subscribe
for 42 months ago holy and swifty
is first-ever month thank you very much
man however this has something to do
with it boy poop G just sounds stupid
quiet through like all my headphones and
stuff like that which obviously
like a problem bought like I can play
music fine but when I tried to load up
synapse this is all that happens and
I've updated it now to the most official
one and it's just completely blacked out
 on me every time I click
something it just freezes I love that
Luna is obsessed with the mouse on my
computer look like I'm using it to like
scroll through reddit videos and she's
managing to watch on a white background
as well look she's so cute watch if I
put it here longer she'll probably
attack it go for it Luna
go for it attack up she quit Oh what if
I bring it closer to it at decade Luna
follow it all of it little oh I've
got two screens everybody watch this I'm
gone look it went under the screen and
raised it look dude oh she's looking
under it for a oh I'm so sorry baby it's
still in the screen thank God I left
some of that soundproofing on the floor
so you don't end up wrecking that big
one book ok successful day today kids
but it's time to get in bed it is like
midnight so can we all go come on come
on let's go what about what about follow
me come on
especially you Missy get out I have to
question my parenting skills right now
of these cats not only want that I'm
very proud that the walk on the glass
floor and don't care about any more but
the fact that I'm letting them play
particularly cats bit with this
soundproofing and this is just a spare
little piece book I'm actually allowing
them to rip this to pieces which is not
good because that's just going to
encourage them to next time walk in here
and go oh I know soundproofing on the
floor holy mother of god there's an
entire wall of it so yeah should
probably confiscate that off you make
you know this is kind of weird that you
guys are just shush what to you
you guys just know you don't for that do
not like them good job are you trying to
get are you just a because you're a
badass like your mother is as a like
that when these cats act so sassy and we
don't want to play with you any of that
but when it comes to cuddling at the end
of the night both of them I just lay in
bed with me I think fast asleep they're
so good thank you
such miniature terrorists during the
daytime you know what I'll take it no
boy did I take it those cats or there
are little rust skulls those things some
eat you know breakfast like good little
kitty cats with look to your pasties
cats oh this is a bit of like random
promotion at the end of the vlog well I
say problem I'm just plugging my on my
Instagram I was gonna say snapchat but I
don't know why but for some reason that
I always used to use snapchat over
Instagram stories but for some reason
I've just completely diverted so if you
guys have Instagram and haven't got me
added make sure you add me at syndicate
that's pretty much it no it's not life
of Tom or anything like it's just at
syndicate if you guys have me on there
I'm using it like a hell of a lot and
I'm gonna start doing some live streams
on it when I'm out and about on stuff
but as you know if my breakfast now it's
that a new day so I'm going to end
today's vlog thank you very much for
watching I've got the Japanese candy
video if you're watching this video
right now either going up today or
tomorrow not too sure which which day is
going up but that's going up soon so
hopefully enjoy it also if you get a bit
freaked out by people throwing up wine
maybe don't watch the video I want to
take myself some fruit and fibre and
start this day so thank you very much
watching make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe ding dong that no of
Casey Bell so you get all the
notifications when I say I'm like making
a vlog and it's going live no most the
time it doesn't work but you know
whatever but I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. - next daily vlog so until
then much love and
