okay so this is gonna be one hell of a
random day in about two hours
I've gotta be on a flight to New York
and something else is happening today
but remember this but oh my lord
many bikes arriving say must shouts
transfer Holcomb you up with this this
is not a sponsored video I'm not paid to
do this they were just like Tom we hear
you like bikes want to borrow a bike for
a couple of weeks and I'm just like sure
however the weather isn't quite biker
friendly but I guess we can just
waterproof up and deal with it all in
red that is not a color I would have
been expecting but very nice I do make
all right there I was like in the shower
saw someone creeping along my fence line
I was like the hell is this
honest-to-god made completely forgot you
guys were coming this morning
second oh oh you got press that one
sorry yeah just ignore that when we
don't care about that one bloody hell
that's a nice piece of kit in it let's
give her a good old Tooting see what she
sounds like I have no idea what this
bike sounds like it looks like a little
fast little bumblebee
but you're ready for it oh she's a quick
start
she's a nippy one sounds like it would
go supersonic speeds so yeah me and my
dad are going to New York and like less
then an hour
I've not packed my bag but I have got
out on motorbike and Oh My lordy it
sounds like a beast it's super goddamn
quick just for the record
we're going to New York in like an hour
and they just dropped this off they
literally just dropped this off at my
house dad what the heck Brett first of
insurance really yes I'm always a
funnel-like dark black and gray and
stuff bought its extent weed this moves
like this pivots but that stays still
look how weird that is like going to
turn round the corner and storm to watch
thing freaking me out right so I'm
showing you now is what's weird about
this bike it's cool it's freaky and
nearly crushed it when I round the first
corner because when you turn your
headlight I know your indicator stalk
usually go like like go with it this
watch it stays still so it's like when
you turn your whites don't turn with you
it's one of the prettiest
other triumphs like all analog roads
this is just all digital she's a beauty
she's soaked wet through
the word that just completely completely
drenched me but very nice I like what
I've gotta admit triumph between this
boy and this boy holy shit oh my god yep
if I would have not stopped talking for
my dad for so long I would not be so wet
through right now however I am super
fast like a little beast but I tell you
something month if you've never heard a
multiply before see how the wheels bent
and the headlights are still this way
see how that wheels bent and the
headlights bent that way and so all the
others it's so weird it's such a surreal
riding experience that it really
confuses me and throws me off guard I
love it to pieces but triumph if I had
to pick a favorite
oh my lot look at that thing look at it
the street scrambler man it's a classic
it's a sexy beast but this thing is like
a bumblebee this is what I'm calling
this I'm calling this bumblebee and I'm
calling that the Beast who it is now oh
yeah I've got 55 minutes before I need
to be heading towards the airport so
let's get ready whilst the cat poops it
thinks about its life
whilst looking at the raindrops hitting
the floor and it didn't you know what
damn that was a big shit this might be
the weirdest thing I've ever documented
in my house but every time I shut this
door I hear something listen there's a
motion-activated toy somewhere being
triggered in my house I can't find for
me where it is listen to this for weeks
I've been going crazy
well not means days read it listen
where the hell is that coming from
something's triggering it a voice
activation thing is upstairs what is in
here where the hell is that what's going
on someone's put a hand wash talking
hand wash but every time the doors been
going off this is me who put this in my
house
you've been on a one-week holiday got
back when another week holiday got back
all with one day in between and now
you're going to New York bro you're so
Brown it's unreal gonna go go I gotta go
people think I'm like adopted from a
different country or that Brown here we
go Terminal two this time unfortunately
I won't see Terminal 3 until we return
that will be our our ten-point book
terminal to New York here we come
welcome to another adventure all right
hopefully we actually have tickets to
get to New York
ooh hey Ken can we get can we get an
upgrade now we're already in the highest
highest one possible look at your face
he's leaving on a jet plane don't know
when I'll be back again after New York
well we took over to LA we could go to
LA Luke needs me to go to a lay person
work this way oh you know Joe sugg
that's his sister look she's everywhere
she's got her own book club so they trot
her face everywhere right now so we now
need to find Joe's new book it just got
released so we've gotta find a thing
around here somewhere
inside the airport never seems to have
you booked so if you sell them to this
company what you're saying your sisters
everywhere but you're not a bit of
favoritism going on it I've gonna try
you know put it in first place and
scatter it around so you can get more
sales but I just simply can't find it
was Bailey this is where I've got my
swim shots from which are like the best
swim shots and
so I'm gonna see if we got any more in
stock even though it's totally not in
season let's have a look is no you just
got these super short short ones here I
cried
there's just think we have loads of time
to grab some snacks a little bit of food
and a drink but no we have to stop and
go me my dad being the gangster yeah
like someone for the cold feels like
three times one right now but we wanted
to make sure we go to the airport lounge
have a bottle of coke get free bottle of
water and then we go get on the plane
however because we're in business we
only we can sit down on the plane get a
free one get free champagne get free
coca-cola but we wanted to do the whole
experience so there you go
of course he gets selected for security
selected for a search on stuck at the
bar
what did you Kindle showing up for
ammunition long faulty machine ok but by
though I'm sat there on the right you're
sit down what though why do you think he
just tried calling on the clock flight
first-class will get you your fancy get
with your classic jumping Cheers
cheers my friend Cheers there's
literally about there yeah get to the
bar me I was sat there waiting for you
whilst you're back
that's get head of security if you want
to make this fly me that was on my own
those security machines that they use to
check my dad's Kindle with every time
this can be it said it came up with
ammunition plugged warning so they had
to bring the head security honcho down
to fact to reset the machines rescan it
and then he said it was clear believer
why the cupcakes and you took the last
crab cakes you can take filler there's
no if you've had the crab cakes in the
last steak I'll say the bar my dad has
requested a candle I don't think we
could sit in a table it looks rather
nice look at out that's so cute but
instead oh is this a cute etre meal for
two Oh on this trip one o'clock tomorrow
I was like dad I've got flights New York
I got a post one do you want to come
with me to Atlanta and just went hey go
to New York yeah go for it so Gayle was
like yeah go to the Ox oh yeah okay are
you kidding me yeah that looked
incredible no proper crab cake got you
do so you what you wanna switch because
every glass officer once or Kingdom
put the whole female what what I've got
I've got I've got carrot soup
I think meanwhile my dad's got a
beautiful crab cake I can't look at this
this is great can help ourselves I think
I got smoked oh it's amazing
listen if I get if I get drunk enough it
won't matter how good yours will taste
my taste is amazing as well
I've got like a fully stocked bar over
here that you can come throw the entire
flight you can just come over a lot of
drinks and drink as much as you want
last time I was on this wife I was sat
there whilst the bar was full and he was
a drunk dude here just so loud just a
game away from the back alcohol anymore
thought he was stealing other people's
drinks it was that bad now they turn on
the like fasten seatbelts I just to get
in to go to his chair he sat in his
chair until he fell asleep turned off
the fasten seatbelt sign and all the
rest of the people came back just to get
rid of it I guess that's what happens
when you get free bar
me you have picked some champagne I
can't believe you put crumbs everywhere
on me sun-dried tomatoes I don't know
what that is that is either looks like
green what what is that nothing too bad
for yourself for this trip though you've
just decided on it chicken stuffed now
possibly better
I got myself a steak not too sure what
this is Oh Tim if you simmer what why
are you so dirty
Tim if you're watching this right now
Tim you I went to Ibiza with a man and
then we're supposed to go down to a
party in like London with and couldn't I
was upwards and Becky's engagement I
randomly went on this flight today
thinking I was going tomorrow to it it
didn't but Tim's outside my house he's
all the way from like down south like
six hours away down south England and he
just rang me on the plane managed to
accept the call and he's outside my
house and I'm like it was like I was
gonna come in for a coffee I'm like me
I'm 35,000 feet up in the air so timid
watch this I love you brother bought
I've got dig into my my dinner now so
Bobby Olivia
they're called berries milk and
chocolate milk chocolate
don't do it may spill it and now I'm
gonna try and see like it's doing it oh
clouds beautiful yet we can't exactly
see anything this is the little snap
trade I've got original beans notes of
caramel and hazelnut no not banana milk
and cocoa butter and that's it
shortbread English shortbread I like it
Oh chocolate pieces lavender business
virgins green olives you down where I'm
taking them and Christmas not bad but
obviously fruit what is that was that
white chocolate white CH oh it's nice
everyone on the plane is finding their
comfort watching a film or sleeping or
whatever getting drinks and then my dad
is doing cardio exercises keeping his
legs momentum IIST and exercised I just
quit regard and then this is now in
these waters like you're on the internet
for it's me mad at what a film is me my
dad going on this adventure and I
thought what happens today so we're
traveling from paid to be on a plane
drinking at the bar and I'll just
document my day and then as soon as it's
done I'll stop the video add it together
to either all the other pieces of video
and it makes one big video that's my
friend that's Jim Chapman so you know
how I said I do YouTube videos for a
living that's my friend that's Jim
Chapman I'd love to know what this
person's watching look they're gonna be
like what are you filming us but that is
actually my friend who took that that's
like basically what I do right there on
that TV screen
genuinely thought they had my sister's
favorite biscuit Island bakery but they
don't have white icing on them no right
popcorn I'm gonna take these kept what
are you doing hide your face push wow
what a great dad thanks man I appreciate
living man alright this is my Hershel
trademark back let's open it up and
juice so this is everything that comes
inside the bag that you get you get a
little bag gorgeous you get a toothbrush
toothpaste no sure a pen some socks
eyepatch
special offer ear plugs and inside eye
cream body body moisturizing oh yeah and
I think lip balm
yes what a nice little collection I like
it I love it
did you have a nice fight actually tired
it's currently 9 p.m. on the dot in the
UK so chance to get off the plane go
find my dad and see where we're going so
I'm tired I'm sleeping that's fun kid
I'm not surprised my face on this
picture I absolutely look like I'm about
to do some dangerous shit he's all lost
I don't know what he's doing you've got
his bag you've got through security he's
fiddling with his path for he's probably
gonna look for his glasses they look for
me we still don't know is that even more
tough for him oh there is he sees me
come on come on get this pack syndicate
original comm we get a description
come on Ken still messing around these
fanny pack or something I don't know
what he's doing Oh
is taking the piss he's walking oh you
fucking around won't leave looking
fucking it junior it's not even filming
two things to say to you drink yourself
just make sure we're on the same page
whoa dad look welcome to New York
welcome to the office my office my back
bro look everybody we found our driver
I'm back and we're jumping with the car
to pick us up
foreign it's a new day it's a new John
past nine o'clock in the morning to
sleep up like this only what was it what
should I wear you're gonna get to the
hotel will shower and change and then on
it well yeah so we'll see what happens
103.5 something FF have you ever seen
men in black well
choosie if you've seen many black than
them towers
and what they use as a station if you
know what I mean you know what I mean
how do you know you're back in America
that's the truth the whole truth and
nothing but it check it out
I just got traffic Hey look at that we
got a little bit more traffic over there
and then I got some more traffic and
some more traffic
I then someone look at some more traffic
ie ie ie a guy of a diamond in the wild
taking some pretty dope photos across
the New York City lab looking nice right
hey you got your game you guys like to
see the city what's the number one thing
you want to see while you're here
anything anyone nothing we can do
anything
I take it we almost there boys we almost
there
look at it about to cross the bridge
over the river
we get that asd papa
proper culture shock man how to spot a
vlogger in the wild
this guy's got his casein I stopped anal
beads and he's microphone on his camera
vlogger pretty sure this
I'm asking is that hotel one of this
trick yeah elevator all right I'm going
to before
I'm tithing but we can't sleep yeah but
we're close to a place called Chelsea
Market something I'm gonna shower I'm
gonna spike my hair of brush my teeth I
think yes I was like cuz there's my
suitcase but then there's another
suitcase there because I'm really tired
I don't know what I have said I haven't
said it I've got your mind out here six
months ago by casein I start to come to
the like the premier obvious video of
like do what you can that he filmed me
Sam Soon again wasn't a sponsored video
from me from South to Samsung or
anything I was just case B might want to
come and check out my poem and I'll fly
you out I was like fuck yeah so then
again this time is booty max has made a
film and they were it was like dude you
enjoyed it last time to come out again
and I'm just like oh fuck yeah I do so
this is no sponsored video this is not
sponsored anything so whatever's in that
case is either from Casey or something
or something for just a record it's not
a promotion so let's find out what the
fuck it is it says Tom in it so I'm
going to start with the envelope just to
you know to hunting result it's a black
envelope create a showcase welcome in an
itinerant okay so I can't show you
that's my itinerary let's open up this
and more black things what is this
oh okay so there's my itinerary that I
just said I wasn't gonna show you but
anyway Sampson on Monday welcome to New
York okay check welcome to New York to
create his lunch create a showcase after
party Wednesday go home okay literally a
super fast turnaround trip I cut not
waiting for it
wait what there's no fucking way welcome
Casey samsung galaxy no 8 no eight kick
if this is for real
wait hold up if this is what's in the
case again not sponsored and I've got a
case this might be blue wrong but if my
plus one being my dad has got case and
that means that my dad has room there's
no way that this is in that case again
this is not sponsored was like a fuckin
lie I'm not I'm not like I last time I
came out
I came out at a good time at a great at
like PI guardroom came in laughs that
was it I don't get no no no pie packages
or anything what gang some gang some but
a Samsung Galaxy no a no a case sounds
some fast charge portal budget back SD
micro card portable solid-state drive
wireless headphones a DJI Osmo mobile
gimbal a job'
great set gorilla pod stand in a rode
mic directional mic there's no fucking
way just for the record I don't think
I've ever had a gif of like a company or
Christmas or anything that I've been so
excited about reading the list of what
it could possibly be so I'm gonna
fucking open this case right now moment
of truth 1 if I've open this case
they're right around and 2 if this is
actually what it says it is no way get
out of here get get out of here serious
hey I'm smiling like a Cheshire Cat
right now there's no way there's there's
no I'm gonna use this thing all the got
done in time for vlogging you better
know oh my lord what what around you
you're kidding well that's kind of
awkward but you know ok
oh my lord this can't be real this this
just can't be real I've got a ring what
like I have to find out whether my dad's
got this cuz if he has it I'm gonna
invite him to my room and he's gonna die
alright did you really sit in your room
and he can eat it what you mean did you
get like is there a note for you in
there no there's a minibar oh just
wondering there's no no for me do you
want for you oh no yeah no I'm not no
why do girls contact you to making comes
up alright so just speak together and
bring you back alright alright yeah what
you should come down to my room okay
will do what what number I've got
something to show you
look at the swag package and got in that
case
seriously that's like a full-on swag
package the suitcase was in it yeah
gimble headphones like s SD cards as he
drives tripod brand-new a brand-new no 8
may I run you to see if yeah I don't
want to like give you like I'm sure you
would have seen it do you have a black
envelope like this no I don't know what
all these but I guess that's that's out
the box to the gimbal and so for that
book headphones a terabyte thing and
then the new one right I guess that's
just like a tripod and then that's what
them in the phone last time I gave me I
didn't get by anything that no one did
or anything my heart obviously it's not
turned on yet more yeah I could I be
using a phone for this this I'm gonna
use I'm actually never seen it before
cool quite long yeah man oh god damn
what's this one s6 s6 s6 hey that's
crazy
I came in and I was like there's no way
this is a because this was on the side
yeah this and it like that's all the
stuff that comes in it and I was like
there's no fucking way and then I was
like this I almost had a bit of a freak
out thinking you'd of it in your room
but I was expecting a phone call of you
yeah and they gave her suitcase to take
it home and well I've not even noticed
the case it's got USB slots in it know
that don't you run that no that might
actually not be the USB slots and it
might be a massive video I'm pretty sure
that's the lock but look power your
carry-on so you can is that that's the
USB slots what it's a battery pack no
fucking way dude I just thought he was
I just don't assume standardized case I
open this but and found this it's got a
built-in cable no way oh my god
by oaktree case hello this would miss
call my dad I come dad mr. God you made
yell of this morning your room yeah
alright say a minute you see it not be
about pickup up damn it y'all come down
and get it now so you can charge it oh
you need add you make me okay I've got a
small portable bucket for it anyway no
problem
okay then shoot you make they got an
in-house gym over here oh shit you see
the pool look at that wow that's dope
what a profit this is the cool building
we looked at from the outside this is
well trippy got like a nice little gym
in there
if you know you were to actually work
out I don't know how you do that looks
like there's like sparse and stuff like
that in there noisy morning yeah maybe
we should get in that definitely if the
weather is if the weather is good
evie go Chelsea Market for food I google
fix your algorithm if I'm right and say
yeah look come down here from just here
come on
that's YouTube but we're good edge to
the top this is YouTube New York office
so like so it's like actually that's up
there I've caused that
we've got so much decoration
seven-fourths whatever that is you got
like loads of new stuff like stuff up
moves and jumps out and everything and
it's just such a cool little spot I got
like a brewery some brewery supplies in
here is and I'm pleased that makes no
sense
hey there it is that's the good stuff
this is that stuff is worth its weight
in gold Alaskan king crab
oh yeah this place is the shit who needs
to go to a fancy restaurant to eat a
lobster
you just got it no you got to know I got
to get some they had the king crab over
there but obviously wasn't so this place
down here at the end I can buy him a leg
and they cook your hair for you so we
mission got to do it got it you've gotta
be done small but oh my God look at this
juicy has save the sauce can check it
out try it now that tender tender that's
the bit you want try that
good yeah yeah nice New York food
tasting session murder one milk so far I
promise not killing anyone
we're absolutely poor doubts about this
issue people I'm gonna try anyway Cheers
crabs leg Casey Samson thank you very
much a beer crab leg sorry Gail at what
a fucking the money for waking you up
yes quite yeah you better know we can we
could have just gone to a restaurant and
probably ordered more but we said suck
this and just got another two that would
be a cool photo shoot if you took a poll
of that yeah dude just trades in it to
go and check it out at night absolutely
I might just seen it in the daytime like
twice or maybe three times I've never
seen it at night I think it'd be very
nice my dad wants to see it so yes well
we're going that is a big old building
in it look at that
flippin heck that is like all
architecture underneath it is a
three-story underground mall on the
ground and it leads to the Trade Center
Museum
that right there is the One World Trade
Center they're big or warm bloody hell
a huge area this is gonna be the
memorial for the North Tower again I've
never seen this at night time only
during the day so kind of a different
atmosphere here at night
look how glycerine is that's crazy now
it's absolutely beautiful crazy right
he's can't comprehend it Kenya I sound
lost for words but I could not imagine
being here and it happening and seeing
it in the slightest I've seen it from so
many video angles and so many like news
reports and stuff it's just so I
mind-blowing by it but like it's crazy
absolutely crazy
what an amazing Memorial you think you
are something new I never knew I get it
for like safety reasons and stuff all
that in security reasons but it's all
open from 7:30 in the morning until 9:00
a.m. at night I say like it being open I
don't want to turn off the lights or the
fountains or anything out of shape it's
always on but there's like these
barriers and you're not allowed to go
inside the barrier to like look over
into like the fountain or anything so
but I've managed to get a quick glimpse
of it before the security said we have
to step aside so sorry in the nighttime
I just didn't know that was real and he
can with the one who hood Trade Center
I'm trying to fit it in as he's trying
to fit it all in look at this for scale
man it just goes what straight on often
it was all gonna light up there not been
crazy
I just wanna kill a big building
couldn't even begin to tell you what
this is I really don't know what we're
walking up on now I'm kind of confused
actually can you guess yet and now did
spoke to a simmer
face it like an ear much they're really
not sure what this is or its symbolizing
yeah and then crafted into this
sculpture
might be it might be a oh there's a sign
of that the sphere original okay the
puzzle World Trade Center recovered from
the rubble this was actually a sphere on
the plaza of the World Trade Center was
an actual sphere sculpture and it was
recovered and this is what they're
recovered Wow
no it says the plaza so I'm assuming
that's like there for example or some
like that and then it was like a perfect
sphere and then it just got destroyed so
they rebuilt it but kept it like that
got some amazing look at this this is so
gorgeous
this this has never been here when I
lost I lost came and visited
unfortunately you can't see because of
the trees but that's where the I think
the South Tower is and then the North
Tower over there like two identical like
like memorials and then obviously you've
got the the new Tower there look at how
much space it's a cook that's crazy what
a beautiful little sculpture it's just
pieces of metal with like fake diamonds
stuck to it loads of them but then you
go over and look up and that is one hell
of a nice shot
oh-ho-ho there she is I'd look to say I
could zoom in on my iPhone you could see
it really clearly but you really can't
she just comes a green blur Statue of
Liberty she stood there she stood proud
she's like you know what I fucking love
it I've been ordering this talked all my
bloody life and you know what she's
gorgeous that was a bloody ferris wheel
in the background but it's a massive
clock
big-ass clock that's one big ass baby
here we witness can you taking a photo
of a fire hydrant because that's what
ken does because ken is gang
we basically walked down lower Manhattan
and then saw the Empire State Building
which I keep on it the statue a little
bit and then say this this is the west
side and this is the east side just walk
straight across Manhattan so we can go
and check out the Brooklyn Bridge which
my dad really wants to see so next
destination Brooklyn Bridge Wow I knew
what time it was
oh wait there's a watch I think the one
behind it is now that we came like
dressed up just in case we were gonna go
on a night out like a pig in shoes that
are nice shoes well they're not walking
shoe so we're exhausted and now heading
back times in the UK if we upward the
entire time if there are I was a head up
do the math nearly Exploratorium in the
UK almost all right you said there's a
bowling alley here so you've got five
good night's sleep well much love and I
will see ten o'clock ten o'clock
tomorrow good night my friend Lavinia
what a day absolutely this badge is holy
fucking shit I'll do like a room tour
tomorrow or some other but oh my lord
this is heavenly what a night what a day
as if this day side of the motorbike
being dropped off then going on an
adventure to New York with my dad there
to find in this suitcase full of swag
then to adventure around New York like
what the fuck I really don't think I've
swore so much it over log in such a long
time but I tell you about mine what a
hell of a vlog yes that's a hole in my
armpit we won't talk about it but I'm
gonna have to finally wrap up today's
vlog if you did enjoy it make sure you
leave a like rate subscribe share it
with your friends if they want to watch
the life of Tom and the adventures we
get up to some days like yesterday we
start around doing nothing just couldn't
learn the wife and that's it and the
cats and that's it just everything and
some days were getting bikes cool house
packages and then traveling to the other
side of the world because that's just
what we do here so until tomorrow thank
you very much for watching I'm really
tanks it's like 5:00 a.m. in the UK now
I'm gonna go to sleep so much left your
faces I'll catch you all later and I saw
Dee
