wake up it's a beautiful morning wake up
it's a beautiful day today is the day
I've expected my new control so I can
get better at fortnight ready cats
daddy cats get hallo my brain you know
you want a brush stroke and I stroke
that yeah I've got my new control wheel
coming in the post today so hopefully I
can get that I've been waiting for like
five days someone I'm gonna do control
the comments you know like raising keeps
sending minute minute but I keep having
them and then because I haven't been
playing on console I just give them to
like Karl and then karl has them and
then I'm like father I type away I don't
have one so unfortunately don't have a
body controller for badass in all these
games on so I've ordered another one
I've actually ordered at this time and
it should be in my post box box okay
nice successful victory to start the day
13 kills not a bad game not a bad game
no boy what's this it's only four
o'clock and I'm getting the vlog
uploaded oh my God look at me being
organised pachow just waiting for my
taxi what why
oh my god oh my god I forgot to lint
roll I'm goddamn gun look at that sky
eyes beautiful
taxi / okay it's actually pretty yeah
yeah buddy idea do you think I needed a
little water
I was really off but I just filmed that
clip in my flush I was on the entire
time so every probably part was filming
them I don't care about your fingers
want don't look at me like ah it's evil
oh no this look good alright fine
this actually was really good we tried
our best but that was so many chips it's
unbelievable that was at least 55
potatoes
Nando's today gets it check it out and I
know that's why I said 9 but nobody gets
10 out of 10 food was amazing like
honestly I think that remember why I'm
not saying that just cuz we're gonna
free them looked like I was ready to pay
for it but it was because it was so busy
everything was so fresh if you go when
it's busy yeah you like you waiting a
while for your stuff well least you're
gonna get it fresh hey man they got to
make it undermanned at 3 o'clock in the
morning I joked I joked that maybe we
won't go into the film on the right
night but then no it turns out we're an
hour early we bought like food and
snacks
he's IDing him down air for us ok can
you go kick her ass at bowling welcome
bowling and we're off to a great start
Lydia's up first and
Waynesboro Lydia's about to get the
first strike again I'm telling you right
now watch this strike time strike time
baby
dress in high heels that's it that is
actually it oh my god oh oh you're
really good at no like well done you
smashing it Lydia got 86 I'm always just
fun 75 hey I need this is the first time
in my life I've ever seen anybody at
wearing another youtubers mature in
their just bust giving your victory
Lydia absolutely smashed it so you're 86
I got it before unfortunately we didn't
break 100 you should have easily done
that I'm so proud of him all right I'm
not saying anything just look at that
face look at that face
she's judging the film it's all mine
okay so judging so bad I'm gonna say
this statement straight away now
the film was fun it was really fun it
was awesome full of Easter eggs however
if you're going expecting really play
one the book you ain't getting it right
all right you're getting like the
bassist ice I said and we agreed you're
getting 10% of the book in the film the
rest of it yeah that's been generous the
rest of it is just completely made up I
was I was even like shit I really must
be able to remember when I read the book
about far back because these references
don't make sense these challenges don't
make sense because it's all completely
different it's like a car race yes she
kept one that's not the book I was like
I was I was like just leave just just
let's just enjoy and let's watch it
I'm like if the book is good and it
makes quite logical sense I don't
understand why they have it wasn't it I
do fella Corsica gone right just walk
out and we're talking about the film on
me so that's why I start vlogging say
hello to these guys but look at this
we're fucking Twitty we really saved
every cynic original come get your merch
now but holy shit yeah they're going
bowling at 11 o'clock at night I'm
totally not judging them it's got to be
done if you don't get a turkey turnout
and we'd be disappointed and your son's
gonna be disappointed oh yeah so what I
was just saying about the review I wrote
it on Twitter if you went and watched
that film as a standalone film I'm gonna
give it an 8 out of 10 if you're going
for it to be based off the book you're
getting three out of ten like it was
just so much different from it that it
was ridiculously different to the point
that I'd give it a three out of ten but
again hey I would turn otherwise so good
fun she's shown in the background cause
she's feeding the cats and this cat self
I doesn't remove she doesn't like my
face so she's paying it right now sir
watching Mad Men and she's putting
blackhead remover on my face I don't
know how much you're supposed to put on
but apparently she's when I say bending
I mean like I feel like I've got acid
upon us I should post more on my nose oh
my god oh it's contending muddy he's
drying out
mmm that looks great if you rub you this
little bucket Eve it's coming
what the hell is up is that my vodka
yeah oh I'd move my face an expression
book on oh my gosh the windows now lots
of dots
your eyebrows in near the major eyes
though look at that this is current
current situation I look like the soup
it
I am super hero man see I did do a good
job why would you know why would you
know pretty close your own okay I don't
think you meant to put it that close
tomorrow it now feels fine
at first it was sting it and I didn't
like it but now it's fine so bad yeah
mine was doing so bad to the point I
thought was having allergic reaction but
this job you put it in my eyes that bits
like it feels like it's burning my
eyeball take that Oh God Diddy's I
declare we have a lazy cat we have a
definitely lazy kitty cat you ok Luna Oh
a weird thing I'm gonna bring up in the
vlog now is Scottish folds like there is
the cartilage thing they're known for as
Forbes to get stiff bodies and we think
maybe Luna has a little bit because they
get shot like stubby tails like Luna has
but it's quite a stiff tail like it's
not really flexible like disturber but
then also like a bones feel dead stiff
and stuff so I'm tempted to take to the
vets to see what's going on because that
might explain why she doesn't like being
handled as much whereas Gadsby's as
flexible as a little baby in it is
amazing I carry that but like even like
a tail though like it's a a tail is so
yeah is a routine so it's just shortened
so bloody stiff Tourneau as well make
sure she's okay now P I'm not hurting
like a baby
hey are you doing are you doing are you
doing he loved you you were the first
you were the best where is he he's like
what about me I want all the attention
don't really okay okay okay you can
sleep that tonight
love you buddy I know today that it's
four o'clock in the morning I just
couldn't sleep so I decided to jump on
Farah night and I got a w-2 wins but to
back with 13 kills nice and it is five
o'clock in morning whoops and then add
that one see this is what I'm talking
about when I actually play not streaming
I perform so much better it's really
strange but it's got me that shit I
can't stream and play at the same time
13 kills Venice and another one it is
actually now 7:00 a.m. I should probably
go to bed I know not no ladies and
gentlemen it is 8:35 a.m.
I'm so tired now I'm gonna go to bed I'm
gonna get up at 12 and hopefully not
ruined tomorrow so hope you enjoyed
today's vlog it was a very mix of film
and culture and beautician the attack of
the face so it is what it is but thanks
for watching if you guys are watching
this vlog today on the Tuesday the
chances are I'm probably live streaming
on twitch twitch on TV for SI syndicate
and I'm probably streaming around 8 p.m.
to be riding my bike so I'll stand a bit
late boy I'll be sure from 8:00 till
like two o'clock in the morning so I'll
see you guys there liquid down
description much love and as always I
just watch the vlog being part of my
life I'll see you guys next time
tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish said yes
