but on new day half the crew isn't even
here it's only us - well was three in
total and the rest of the guys have
already gone off adventure in somewhere
so we need to get it together and
cathouse so yesterday's blood I was
wearing the limited edition shit in my
black okay that time you wore that shit
before and today I'm wearing it again I
brought two of me yeah just putting out
there before everyone thinks I'm
disgusting and absolutely filthy I'm
wearing it for a bit of you watch you
think I'm disgusting them building you
boys better know I'm promoting this
because on the 29th which I think if
this vlog has gone live today on the
29th it will be available for pre-order
to get yourself a limited-edition Ryland
design if you've never gotten Edition
just shirt before one sleeve up for sale
look they're alive they're ready and
then when deadlines over you can never
ever get the shirt again so if you want
to grab one link in the description
fresh-looking
cut that kinda day today excuse me oh
you said you can't be spooked like that
no okay
in the city right now looking for a
ramen place for a place to eat I got
knit I really just don't like cities I
don't like it I really want to go back
up to light the mountain that we're at
Fuji what do you think I prefer nature
cuz right here I just feel like I'm in
the I just feel like an insignificant
ant and I don't like it I like being one
with nature one
quanis my day with a fresh can of great
pension
as ice and for breakfast I'm gonna have
myself a Belgium and waffle waffle but I
really need to start referring to those
translations they're not subtitles I
just simmered for 100 hours Cathy this
might be the biggest portion of ramen
I've ever seen in my life
yours is open freaking flowing
what is it soya do you like how we're so
cultured we've got these massive bowls
of ramen uh than just cans a monster
like Cheers conveying my name is Tom and
this is me using one of the Japanese
electric toilets don't like that there's
a perfect shellfish it can't see
anything but it let me show you the
controls first of all we have a stop
button and vom wash a female wash I
don't know what that means and I don't
know what the use means so wish me look
pressing the button in three two one
Oh place is a baseball stadium okay
I wonder what a Japanese baseball game
would be like probably the exact same or
crazy hype little crazy high we load the
anime everywhere oh I thought I was
gonna be like an arcade but it's it's
just a supermarket PhotoPass yeah that
is it there is an over-the-top
supermarket and I would definitely
chroma super hell yeah hey you know I'm
gonna get my kid for its birthday when I
come to Japan next time one of the most
terrifying sculptures of all time I
don't sure what's going on Matt
goodnight muz ask you of it it looks
like you've seen some shit just
exploring down streets is the favorite
thing to do in the world you just find
the most random stuff and I think we're
getting close to where are we going
downtown area you'll see it's cool okay
there was any Yakuza zero is like half a
game okay okay I'm down I'm Jesse cool
shit yeah that's what I like to see that
make you guys feel right right American
wanna be that is true old-school they
all cowboy looks I am digging it
you brought us to such a cool spot
doctor
doulton body on body haha what a dope
spot I'm assuming this is basically
their version of times good this is like
Times Square right the brand Superdry
came from yeah dude this is this is a
trip liking it absolutely what is that
mechanical moving crab on the wall oh
dude they must sell some good stuff if
they can afford a sign like that why is
this a thing but I don't like this I
don't like this at all it's a it's a
clowns
what what no no no no no no no no this
is just creepy
yes
dragon weeding through the entire
building so dope
I love this place got dragon out area
you've got like I wonder they call the
puffer fish over there you got big hand
with sushi sticking out what whatever
the hell this guys doing this is min
best advertisement board ever to F
titties I'm starting to the side it's
actually a gang sign because there's
even more over here unless they also
advertise titties you know these all
look pretty normal you know multi-verse
little figs of like Batman yep and then
you've got Muhammad Ali versus Superman
mm-hmm oh my god quite possibly the
cutest toy I've ever seen the squad has
reunited we do have Travis we're waiting
for tomorrow which i think is walking to
what what tomorrow what are you wearing
what is it what is this what what what
did you decide to wear today dude kill
it is this attack on Titan outfit that
is dope that's the probably one of the
only shows that I've watched attack on
Titan and then kill the kill them to
sure is really really good do you
remember when we're doing the laundry
and all that and I picked up that thing
I told you it's a sex toy it's a pocket
Virginia what we're now in a pretty
goddamn quiet space on the street not
many people around us and we're going in
a bar 305 to cots 300 yen to get in
drinks a 500 let's go bro skin musky
what is this Oh what yeah I like this I
like this a lot yo they've got game
setups in here Oh Gamecube yes super
sick
oh that's sick they've got PlayStation
Matt's like PlayStation game I'll come
by compile goodbye
we've got they got PlayStation games as
Matt's that just mirrors that are really
small oh it's actually made it for it
well that's dope this is Super Mario
World and I mean ever is this the first
one oh really I've never played this so
ring yeah bring it on you get introduced
to Yoshi in this oh snap Oh huh okay I'm
gonna need both hands all right so I've
lost the life already
I'm a genius yeah okay let's go look Wow
rank you've got two kinds of jobs - you
got that spin jump which does a nice
what's the other one
it's just another button oh yeah that's
the job you want to use what just attack
things yeah I mean if you hold down run
my points are getting away wait there we
go
option and then get really Mario will I
officially sucked at Mario I was
terrible in this place was absolutely
amazing I was terrible at starfox like I
thought cuz I must I didn't drink any
Jagermeister we're just taking it easy
for the night until next time Wow
305 oh wait this is why we need Tom
around okay it doesn't just say bar 305
it says game bar 3 or 5 Tom I love you
the internet loves you you know what the
internet loves more your ass
but my mother
my mother is a huge fan of minions
homogeneous space
Oh
what you mean anything winning I was
supposed to be a flawless technique
you moved him he won't go any further
nail it that right there what's this
system saw game
is your name get it yeah Oh grab his
face companies face these balls FC
Dayton cuts are you broken
what the shit scared me had to say how
much we get my bucks walk five bucks
I just paid that much money yeah I hope
I get this for Mom
yeah
okay there's only one to grab so he's
not exactly efficient at all go grab
this guy properly get some balls here
you go one more sorry I need a poem that
oh that was a waste of money
that's the way the news goes no no
that's way it's a little bit easier than
a meteor a little bit easier
that's me
to be the one to lose ability but I
ended it exploded
that's it
oh is this the high school
Oh
I didn't know you're supposed to go for
like a full high school I think I was
chuckling
okay I didn't notice how you put
together hey I mean you punch the guy at
the fucking first level nailed it all
you nailed it
oh yeah you need to score 400,000 with
one village to win it's impossible yeah
you
you only get three attempts stage luck
see this game is bullshit
you better know this is happening right
now Japan what do you specially offer in
McDonald's by the looks of things
nothing sir pretty good-looking double
cheeseburger flavorless though I do have
to admit this is three testers a store
you get to try it for free and yeah like
I don't vape I don't like smoking but
you see I think that's pretty amazing
that you get to come here and try all
the babes so you might as well not vape
and just try everything what are you
doing a fatty babe oh this is a try your
Instagram vape sesh go online go online
are we still going Oh what what
I wish you want to come in the shop I
literally came in here because the guys
are closed shopping this is a 5-story
level of pawn and I just seen some weird
shit this is crazy what the hell for
wait how full it does in it and you
could buy an elf white sex doll oh my
god this is so weird
I came I literally came here because you
guys were buying t-shirts I don't know
it's a sex shop this is crazy
please don't tell me that means you can
fucking rent here summer for 10 grand oh
this is beyond creepy no stop stop this
is uh this is legit a thing Oh cheers
mate I really appreciate that
how do you - oh wait go turn it on sorry
about that you stop touching me with
that weird dick I'm playing with the the
pulverizer 9000 oh I'm playing with stop
babe I'm playing with the piston carry
wow this is what humanity is achieved
I'm so impressed changes changes nope
coming up next for dinner a rice bowl
with no step and just a machine where
you honor your face I don't know how
this works it seems pretty cool I didn't
even eat him but when you get a free
likes and it was
where's yours wait a minute I get I get
this weird looking kid you got like some
half-naked girl with a rice bowl and
then this one shown a bit of beauty as
well god damn well you can keep all
three what did you get you know what you
know what at least she wasn't a horse
yeah it's not a horse now that's pretty
cool in Japan the time goes 24 and then
he adds numbers on top so 24 22 I can't
wait for tomorrow we're going doing the
Pokemon thing tomorrow what if he did I
don't want to say any more houses ever
in my life
Japan has been way too extreme well
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like crane subscribe
and I'll see you guys tomorrow for the
next day vlog at hopefully 6 p.m. if I
upload it on time sorry about that
sayonara
