I may have completely forgot to start
vlogging today but let's start with
breakfast introducing occasion chicken
breast with me and the pie very well
said that's a pretty good breakfast
you've got going on there man bloody
hell I may have forgot to start vlogging
today I got up went to the train station
picked up Neil and now I having dinner
so oh yeah our breakfast will finally
catch up with the day starting now tell
y'all you know I'm gonna give you for
your dinner giving you a nine point one
it was that good I was honestly really I
don't know it just felt like it was
necessary thanks for dinner mate we'll
catch you later
are you still gonna get married after
that wedding anniversary thing what when
do you guys alright seventh of right I
promise I'll be nice
this is Gadsby not Gatsby we called him
we called him Gadsby because me and
Lydia went to high school together and
we had a PE teacher who was Scottish
called mr. Gadsby and this is a Scottish
Fold because they've got retard it is
seek out to be your well-behaved
meanwhile what are you doing what are
you doing in it right I said no no you
want to go to boxing it's okay you could
stay in a box that's fine that's fine
we'll just we'll just leave you in there
and then we'll see you later okay well
should pop back out oh you just stay I
know she's in there oh she's like then
there was light
Neil you're my Saviour thank you unless
you taking a shit in there or something
what you know it's kind of suck I know
and lowly yo this is like the sickest
PET SHOP you'll ever come to in your
life right look when you walk in the
door look at that thing right there how
terrifying is that that's like straight
out of Harry Potter
that's a basilisk yeah great even that's
breathe watch it'll eat you bro I don't
even think there's anything in there yet
that freaks you out right so they're dry
they're dragons I think no wizard
that's quite nice my vigor oh my won't
do anything to you no look come down
here right you cannot ignore the snake
what is wrong with you women look at all
these bearded dragons it's like you've
walked into the wrong neighborhood the
color on that one are you okay with
chameleons just not okay with snakes
what about that's Nate there what are
you scared about snakes what is it you
don't want to just face your fear no why
I'm not scared of any kid I don't think
you're right I want to say I'm not
scared of needles but when they put it
in me I think that's just a natural
reaction of it can be like fine but a
snake then no it's very over all of
Manchester
I guess that's here for the Christmas
seasons and stuff does this it's not
there's no way Christmas decorations are
gonna start going on yeah October when
did wait when did he usually orb well in
London November lad always from London
apparently John Lewis associate so I had
the Christmas store open in August
yeah I don't think a halloween-themed
wheel is a good business idea but anyway
oh my god
mummy Neil Neil be mom Alex be Leo leo
on the Alice I just get the living shell
out let's look at she's scared
wait why are we empty in the office Oh
nice coat mom triumphs suit hey try a
veil giant suits you sure science it
what you don't put me why I'm not
putting you in it well now you're in it
well sad see a little bit I signed some
signatures for some postcards yeah but
we don't sign all them because only a
few to make exclusive broski you've
gotta bring it
no you just take my key you're a walking
contradiction this is literally baby
dragon cocaine go on
yeah Oh easily the best
oh yeah he's looking at cos he's a
public toilet all the way around it's
like just stay still oh I think he's
gonna let it go he's letting it look for
another hour
he's call it right now is the best it's
ever been
it's just like it can be a bit darker
right now it's just so light which means
it's just healthy and happy so he is in
a really really good mood at the moment
love me some Steven he's so fat that you
lose weight you have to do it which one
just from purely looks is your favorite
Luna or Gadsby and just because he's
being all cute and playful right now
doesn't mean you can pick it cuz of that
which one you prefer I have to admit I
prefer looks-wise Luna because she's
just God just he's not good at all she's
like I like a lion whereas he is got no
neck he's just fine so looks-wise yeah I
would have said before you really know
he's what a DA is well friendly look how
fat look in though it'll literally has
no neck what happened you eat the same
amount of food
you're just a just a little fad gadget
it's a little fatty whereas you're just
a little skinny booger and we love me
for it cuz you're not fat you have a
neck you do this is what we do to do
business meetings with me and I'm like
let's pause I've got a night-vision
camera film me on it it's got a built-in
camera so I'm gonna try and add the
recording clip of the night vision
camera now there might be no audio or
anything but let's see any way but
there's Neil that red dot is actually a
bit infrared light how you can see so
let's see what the footage looks like
you look like you got cat's eyes that
doesn't work it doesn't work you're
blending in
like yo still got cat's eyes that is so
trippy that's well weird turn round whoa
like move your face dead quick oh no
yeah I thought it go get blurry but it
doesn't oh that's creepy dude that
terrifying your shoes look insane
seriously they're like neon his fork
Lydia the legends picking us up to take
us to Manchester thank you love you
Olivia
alright time to drop me off at the right
apartment yummy
- dude nice nice pic this is fuckin mama
it would appear I have the entire lounge
bar to myself that is one hell of
stocked fridge as well oh my god that's
what I need to make mine back home and
it rips like anything this bars toilet
looks nice but the TTIP the details are
to see a nearly you sure you don't want
to go into the vape lounge that does not
look sketchy at all right the the vapor
stuff all the lounge's the greatest now
you want to go there hey how the fuck
did you get a bike on the wall that's
impressive
that is pure talent if you're intending
to not be drunk tonight
you fucked up this look at all those
drinks like the coolest bar menu in the
world this is called The Alchemist look
at it it's like Harry Potter
where's that you're like a periodic
table but look at that it's got three
main new classics fruity through a
non-alcoholic drinks before I make that
shit is awesome but quite literally
gonna get the color changing one I am
gonna get that sounds pretty fucking
special I don't know all right I think
we should go for food yo are you okay
with pork crackling yes all right we
should go for salt and pepper pork
cracklin popcorn chicken
there's a car on lollipops is that good
yes I can entertain guests yeah this
salt and pepper crackling looks amazing
look at that oh my lord
I'm worried oh my god that's so good
never crackling that is genius how nice
is up do this fron pot stickers on
lollipops even and then like chicken
popgun Oh My yes oh my god I was like
mate you've got no drink but you asked
to mix it in is that dry ice
yeah go on pour it on ice blue now it's
bang dude that's fucking sick
that's impressive bro you get a hip
flask I've got the most boring drink
this is called the flip to a flavor
changing I'm not too sure if there's
like something on top of them Sarah for
whatever boss you've got a god damn hip
dude you throw it's got the logo on it
as well got Illuminati applause oh man I
messed up yeah this smells good though
that's a nice drink I'm really offended
sorry but that's really that's pretty
much there's a really nice tree it's hit
me like a revelation where I'm going to
take Neil next after Altemus cocktails
in Manchester you've got one chance to
guess where I'm taking you and you know
even give me give me a clue knock whoa
not in the slightest please I don't know
mention same way running reasoning for
London and more
and on the topic of mobs your next cook
drink is going to be a dead red zombie
tell her about that I should have their
zombie Bob I'm gonna try the blackjack
Bacardi superior x2 area wrong how do
you say that bright blue out there blue
crapper
that's bill I'm a zombie NYX oh yeah oh
yeah I've worked this drink out it's a
liquid on top within a syrup on the
bottom sort of liquids on top of the
syrup for the bottom surface like it's
mint chocolate it's not nice because
it's raspberry raspberry mixed with
chocolate
it tastes it tastes like an after a it
tastes like a raspberry after eight I
don't like raspberries and I don't like
after eights I don't know what I ordered
this drink the he is making like the
water liquid yesterday the bomb the
alcohol so up the tube into this whereas
they don't ferment with the rest of it
that's good
oh never got the dry ice there we go now
we make it like a potion boy here we go
oh hell yes
that is sick this is crazy
what the fuck this is crazy
mommy's got a crackling
oh shit I thought it was leaking I'm
Laura Lee afford it good I need as much
as much as I can craziest cup of tea
you've ever had in your life
oh this morning food has arrived duck
spring rolls and what's that a fish
cakes and then bonbons but I love how
they put so much so unsure on it I hate
cilantro whoa
what now essentially lies got worse on
the horse
and said the bed so did I pick a good
spot yeah you did right now we've got
ten minutes the next one so let's go
Neil if you guess what we're going yet
no I'll let you take one more guess
where we're going
no we've still got three more minutes to
get to our destination wait you think
we're going somewhere in Deansgate
clothes well no yeah that's right boy
what kind of bearish thing are we going
to there's a clue it's bearish no it
isn't excuse me it says junkyard golf
club I'm taking you to a junkyard golf
club which is probably fucking dead but
I'm taking you there
I don't know Eric's book I might indeed
brought him to junkyard golf
it's basically indoor mini off which is
pretty good because you can get drunk
Marsha here so nice to look at this is
the worst cause I know what the fuck
this is the first course all right scary
now me what is this yo what are you are
you there Neil has approached the
playing field and he can't even keep it
on his just leave it it's gone 3 2 1 3
oh that Wow Wow you Mike you thought
what you're gonna run off the golf
course yeah okay yeah sure one sec I'll
just waiting for it to go past three two
one go
are you serious this is gonna be the
easiest game of golf I've ever played in
my life I actually don't think I gave
the audience context to how I know you
right so when I start YouTube I went I
went to like a gaming of it the
first-ever gaming offense before guys
just here and looking better hear
anything yeah yeah the first-ever gaming
event I ever went to before Eurogamer
insomnia was a thing called game fest
which game you know the gaming company
they used to like that's what that Wow
he failed three times they owned and run
I saw it that counts history I went to
this event and back then no one had ever
heard of YouTube it's like you're seven
years ago but Neil understood it and got
it so he's the only person in the entire
building who got what we did in his dead
cool and done four times we didn't go in
no no four times it's still going so
then me and Neil got talking he won't
even let gamer work for like a PR
company and I introduced me to water
like industry people what
yeah I don't do don't you get me trouble
so that's how I met neon met in seven
years ago it was one of the first ever
people to learn and understand our
industry as youtubers and we've been
friends since like seven years like
seven years later
ya know I'm the one who looks longer
well he's always never had hair so that
is that's back fairies ballers day off
me what is this right impress me Neil
impress me good you have to get it down
this into that into a skull and then
that's one nice one it came back that it
here with Moore's come on no yeah why
don't you tell that to the ball so it
goes somewhere and take three all right
yes yes yes yes yes oh you Beast
oh now you're at the bottom of the hill
riperoni pepperoni this is actually
genius it's using a skating wheel to
flick the ball out oh oh you got saved
by the crack nice you're on five full
you're on five minutes yeah alright fine
I'll give you one extra hello come on I
looked at you oh five six right you know
gets a laugh at me I have to do this in
a hole 1,000 pounds
Oh mommy it's in this one you know yeah
then this one I see it I see my ball I
guarantee it doesn't come out it's not
the hole in one but it's gonna be a hole
in two
mutt said shut up get on my level meal
you literally can't fuck this up you
literally just have to put it in his
mouth that go oh you nailed it
Holy One literally it takes one foot to
get this in you watch take your time
take your time
believe in the storm Z come on you can
do this are you gonna do the no looking
shot go look at me
three two I take it my fucking man
during our goal call this is pretty
savage you've got a cannon firing into a
mannequin yeah sure but it's a monarchy
we've not Eve sticking out of it yeah
this place is crazy but anymore this is
fun - falling down I'm gonna do him the
honor of picking his cut but yeah mate
he's going on his car he just fucking
clothesline this is bullshit and this is
impossible
all right Neil go ahead just gonna cut
this took me fifteen attempts to get in
because you have to take you have to
take it from here and get it up but yeah
eight shot maximum
yeah but Oh sir is there something
secret we're missing but wait a minute
I think Neil's final shot fucked a
hole-in-one
through the shit
just call it lonely where it's
impossible
no it's not watch this and it goes over
the edge this shop
my name is taka peka and I challenge
Tiger Woods to construct outdoor and try
and do this in three par a challenge is
doing for pirates and it ain't gonna
happen and you can only use this not a
fucking head you're up for this
so I really have to do the maths p1 it
goes honey no no no no he won yeah Shia
I got better did I not ah if you call
that better I'd like to tell you that
the final score card game came down to a
unanimous decision
Neil you scored 38 yes 38 on the judges
scorecard meanwhile I scored 21 okay
hang on oh okay I know the boys on
Strictly Come Dancing I'll have you go
in there and whose evidence it's okay
he tried he managed to score 38 and also
knock over my dream my apologies he lost
and he dropped my dream Oh Sonia welcome
to Manchester this is Dean's game I
don't know what this fucking building is
but it's cute
this is Dean's gate where all the
teenage college students all about
drinking and dancing so down here is I'm
assuming where the Hacienda was where
everyone did drugs and graves I'm sure I
don't know there's a place got roots
down there and that's but anyway this is
where everyone goes drinking around
munches - basically
and then there's junior golf where we
just went and we want to I guess you
could go to City Road in right now don't
quite take your fancy well it's close oh
my god let's see how much place is very
Manchester Oh for a lovely renting place
is similar and 75 pounds am I looking at
you get you get sofas
I want to buy you though I don't I just
want to buy it but we were to buy a
house not rented for fuck's sake
solutely shite we can't even buy it
bridge fits what the fuck have you heard
the story about the potion
seriously no joke this is like Jack the
Ripper of our modern day
all right listen this is the story of
the pusher so apparently what does guide
doors it's a guy just because I don't
know it just makes oh you can show them
what we're looking at
yeah we're looking at the canal it's
late at night like four o'clock in
Monaco come on he pushes drunk people
into the canal because the sewing
toxicated and cards like the card
mm what's going on it pushes him into
the water and they die and if you search
on Google right now no joke if you
search the Manchester pusher there is
all the school is about people looking
into it about there's a guy actively
aiming at people and pushing them into
Caen into the canal column is that the
modern-day Jack the Ripper like that but
all it does is push people into are no I
don't want you to push me in it if
you're watching this box so there is a
modern-day pusher they can't they can't
say but I am I'm actually looking at
mention I don't know there's some links
what does it say fashion ten things we
learned about the push-off fears that
serial killers drowning young men in
Bristol and the eerie similarity
Manchester Police have repeatedly stated
there is no evidence to support the
theory
well how did eleven people end up in the
canal in 2016 and on videotape they were
walking absolutely fine next minute
they're in the canal next minute they're
dead
mayor estates the pusher so I know it's
a potential serial tell you this is
serial killing my sister man supposedly
behind the death of some of the
astonishing eighty-five bodies pulled
from the Manchester canal since 2007 if
your dad walking down a canal no I know
something seems suspect his fuck would
be Angela there's probably a dude there
like this shit chain me there before and
therefore you caught yourself the
Porsche do you know why you're never
gonna get attacked by the pusher what
does the only targets young men
by the way Joe all the way tick I need
you I need you to take a comment guests
down below right now if you're watching
this they can take a second take yes I
did it all right how old are you 32 just
10 years and a little bit more tell me
truth tell me true 44 years before honey
my dad was 52 greatest pork to be family
I think my dad got better off because he
still had
don't push me in the room are you the
pusher yeah fuck and everyone's gonna be
pushing ass it may serve me a drink you
push it somebody gonna bang in someone
gonna push me to club on your block a
pusher and guy got arrested for like we
won't let this personal advice excuse me
but Annie goes you touch me it's been
arrested what the fuck welcome back to
pusher hunt where we're looking for a
pusher but we have seemed to found a
building that is on fire there seems to
be an awful lot really on alert us this
has been awful lot of smoked bellowing
out the building we're investigating
whether or not it's on fire you're good
bro
I'm assuming it's a steaming section or
ventilation system of the building
but holy fucking shit did this building
look like it was on fire just doing a
simple job of checking it's okay well
this building won't even build down it's
made out of fucking marble Oh
either way well don't kneel thank you
did your Sybil Julia too even though
you're not from Manchester yeah yeah
fuck you burning building that's not you
burning don't disrespect my joke oh yeah
Manchester Council Watson install a
fountain system what should we do it
yeah it goes sideways they're literally
released it's this it's breaking that's
what it is
it managed to get past every single
stage of agreement that let's make a war
without and that literally just goes
water this way not this way this way
what does it say sure the shark well I
should say the pusher
because maybe I could be the pusher I
could be the pusher I'm not gonna push
you I'm not gonna push you that you're
too old people against gay people Neil
wow dude you're so sexist choose your
races why don't you say about why don't
you say that about a black guy
why'd you even say that dude just cuz
that guy's Asian is not into polar right
he was balling out maybe he's okay with
his sexuality why do you have to say
that Neil welcome to Manchester a pair
of plastic handcuffs are smashed on the
ground well this is the area you're
staying in right
there's a bicycle on the wall and
there's also handcuffs on the ground
stay safe I'm missin no listen we
managed to walk all the way home without
using mat the maps
we did it we're perfect we're
professional waka homas and that's just
how we do it
farewell goodbye well no I just can't
see cuz my laser eye surgery is terrible
for exit face safe trip down to London
tomorrow what a good guy I met Neil like
seven years ago and it's crazy cuz like
the funny thing is the gaming event I
actually met Neil at was a place called
game fest and that's the first ever time
I met all the UK you she was like small
beans all those sort of people and it's
actually the first event I ever met case
I I never heard of ksi before in my life
and so it's that event and then some
people will like case I was like I've
got Matt I do not know who he is just
cuz I didn't watch the FIFA videos so I
I was not into it so and then I met JJ
for the first I've love's I think I
actually found the footage on one of my
old cameras of when me and JJ met for
the very first time it was quite but it
was just like such a different character
we were both so young
puberty clearly wasn't a thing back then
but you know it eventually turned out
you know seven years later book it's so
cool to know that I've known people 7
years of my life now in the same
industry and we're just chose fucking
really good friends still so crazy where
this job can take it I just make videos
putting on the internet and gets me
amazing people the industry and viewers
so thank you very much for watching guys
it's been a pleasure welcome me home
cats watch this if this nose to spook
them
what was that you just fit well both of
them look so like why don't fuck he's
going up last time look at their faces
you look so spooked hello daddy's home
oh my god so cute and what a way to end
a night holy goddamn shit that was
probably the easiest chicken dinner I've
ever had in my life I won it with an m16
with an eight-time silenced nin jury
yeah what can I do you know just about
boyfriend's so I'm gonna go to bed now
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
share this video with your friends if
you like I like this guy's blogs he does
the videos on the youtubes and I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
a live look because that seems to be the
time I post my live like videos even
though yesterday's vlog Goods 13 minutes
early yeah I know weird but nonetheless
thanks watching and us hot hot
