in my garden I'm assuming gets my yep
that's my gardener mr. noodle it's a new
day welcome you faces to a new daily
vlog in the life of Tom where today the
bedroom looks absolutely filthy go ahead
and make my bed real quick and just like
that and they would go and yeah that's
Olivia's side of the bed this is my side
of the bed mine looks perfect see having
yourself for 14 days three Xbox Live
there's a code there's four your faces
yep thank you later pause the video
download where's my pen gun and if you
did actually manage to clean that coat
make sure you tweet me saying yeah cool
Storybrooke
what is that who is that that's one
naked oh no I thought that guy was
really naked down the road and listen
you might as well be naked right now
look at this amount of fluff
yeah y'all yeah you know you've messed
up look at him it just rubs himself
every Ollie's dark spots you can see
just his floor all over the
place maybe ask him Tom what are you
doing today have you got anything
planned what's the agenda well I
actually received a package in the mail
which I haven't yet got because they
just send it down to my local post
office rather than give it to a neighbor
so we're gonna try to head down there
collect it and fingers crossed it is the
epic product that purchased I don't
think I told you about it but it's gonna
be dope do you care to explain what
you're doing you're an upside down cat
right now I'm assuming you've made peace
with my sofa and decided not to pee on
it anymore
so I'm gonna try to put my cushions back
on so it doesn't like it's been ruined
completely and I'm gonna give you a
belly rub you ready take I'll take I'll
take I'll take I'll take I'll take I'll
take I'll tackle it's like what the hell
are you doing right now leave me alone
why you show your bum to the camera show
your beautiful face instead what did he
just work I think I can't just work on
vlog you did didn't you yes you did
hello guys we are you doing he's so cute
he's really settled in I had to give him
a really big big shout out the other
week because he actually peed in the
corner again but ever since I gave him
like the big shower not I am and then
like grounded and like ignored him think
giving them an any attention afterwards
he's been like really well-behaved so
yeah that's right love the camera guides
be Thanks
we love you too you little snowflake
faith in you original waffle code calm
or whatever your call this looks pretty
damn tasty always asking me what my diet
consists of and this is pretty much all
you're seen are you gonna use that I
usually always eat cereal every day or
if I can
oh my god I love American waffles
I wonder if this year like hurricane has
a past year I had one of these oh yes I
bought this because my sister had one of
these exactly it was a number four for
ten pounds she bought it yesterday and
she won a tenner so I bought the exact
same one that time see if I can win a
tenant find a bonus finger to win
no okay find a bonus 20 to win no find a
bonus 50 to win Oh 90 I saw the on the
end and thought I might I found it no
find a bonus hundred 1200 pounds no I
don't win that one either winning oh my
god this is going through me why is that
so horrible oh did you hear that noise
oh I have to find a winning symbol to
win myself some money so let's do it
have to scratch them all off I've not
even looked if I've got any matching one
I need a car a watch rings Bank ship
that um I honestly don't think out of
all those bloody symbols I've got that
I've won one single one well that was a
waste of ten pounds thanks for watching
and I'm gonna cry now
welcome to hide this is the home of the
you know what I don't actually know what
hide his home of but it does have a post
office I need to take this collection
note to go and get my package there you
go this is a package from West base
electronics this could be what I think
it is or it could be completely
something different you know throw that
away second box also has absolutely
nothing in it so that one right and last
but not least
yes there it is that is what I wanted a
day a digital night vision with zoom
scope hahahaha I could not wait tease
that tonight alright so I was saying a
second ago what is hyde known for so the
hide is like my local town but what is
it known for its it's actually difficult
to put my finger on because well there
was dr. Shipman there was a guy who
murdered like a hundred people over
there and then over than that the Moors
murderers lived not too far from Hyde
but other than that I really don't know
we have a Sally don't know that is a
jack full turn we have music movies buy
sell exchange of a shoe zone other than
that we have a pound world obviously we
have a lot of sick to them there is
actually one thing that we do have that
you might know we have a Gregg's and you
better know it's the best sausage roll
in town finally made the point what's it
called for GE Rooter for my house to see
if it works at the if it's not fast
enough it's dope I can bring it back but
this is why I'm getting this little bar
buying and it should technically fix my
job but yeah I'm not good with that 18
month contract I'll bring it back in two
days I'll bring it back in two hours if
he doesn't work that's why though I
swear to God I'm a maximus T Thomas if
you don't know all that is it's me I
went down to go and pick up my night
vision monocular my nut monocle or
whatever you want to call it Monica I
went picked it up got it ready to lead I
decided to go into EE they had what I
want it I'm gonna go test it now set it
up and see if it works but what did I do
whilst I'm talking to them guys I left
my bloody night-vision monocle monocular
an exam an ocular left it on the
inside in EE I just rang them back and
I'm like leave my nitrogen glasses there
and they just said yes so I have to go
back down after I finished setting this
up to see if it works I think so alright
so you see this this is basically a
broadband roofer and you might be like
what but in some people's houses they
don't have telephones they don't have
landline telephones which is what you
need to be able to have the phone in
your house and Internet in your house
but what mobile phone companies did was
go well why don't we just use SIM cards
inside a router to be able to get the
internet owned lo and behold they
created this little bad boy which is
exactly a whole route
but using a mobile phone SIM card in the
side of it rather than a formal charge
on it will plug down while riding on
rockin is this actually on it says power
let's just turn on anything I don't
actually know right it's plugged on
don't know how long this sector where's
my manual got the manual why would I
have to do maybe this is safety warranty
that's not manuals connect the power
adapter done connect an ethernet cables
done now I have to do power button oh
it's turned on okay network oh it's a
signal signals on low signals I'm two
bars oh yeah alright well that's not
good though ku wanted to be on three
bars but my signal right now is on low
so so well it was worth the shot bought
unfortunately my upload speed is not
what it was supposed to be so I cry we
tried we have to take it back was not
successful I cry even after try and send
it open my other room and then what I
actually would have doing is left on the
windowsill in their pod Ethernet cable
going all the way through or even
knocked a hole in the wall for a cable
the internet speeds are just they're
terrible it was worth a shot I wasn't
expecting it to be the best result in
the world book series all sometimes my
phone's like I get 20 upload on my phone
I was like man if I even get 10 that'd
be great boy I try to be testing a few
times and I was getting like to upload
and stuff so it was worth to try
unfortunately it just didn't pan out so
taking this back to the shop and go and
get in my night-vision goggles so
there's one good things come out today
it's that my garden looks absolutely
gorgeous the guy did a great job with
that but time to go down to the post
office return this and get my
night-vision goggles okay it just really
sucks because I've got the fastest
internet I can in my actual area which
is like yeah that's the fastest I can
get but my office it's in the original
has the exact same the exact same
Internet and they get twice the speeds
of me which is what I need if I even had
just twice to speed that up here we'd be
finding you wouldn't hear me complain
I'd be streaming all the timing like 4k
it be gorgeous but no I can't do it
because I'm one Street over literally
over that Street is the office and
because they're one Street over they
have five or speeds
I'm one Street over this way I can get
fiver speeds we can tick it off the list
as saying we tried but we failed the
next one is
eighteen grand a year inter that's
supposed to be for the cats that was
sent to us by remember this is Joey Oh
Pikachu sorry I can't really read your
name on that book I just get write lies
24th day before the pre oats clothes
can't wait to see you Lydia Gadsby
reaction to the magic app all right like
I still have to take that home where is
he what other he'll the cats do oh yeah
I feel like a I feel like a reggae hips
hippy
wow that's great did she can't make this
one no way that's way too details
another busy day at the office I'm
liking it was actually really nice again
as well I was not expecting this after
that hurricane I thought it's gonna be
raining for days but when there's rain
they'll come sunshine fun fact about
this place this building here my dad
used to live on the top floor that's
when he was young getting on top of the
marketplace how crazy is that what a
random item told you behind a
night-vision goggle truly got it
returned it like within an hour got it
straight back in told him it didn't work
they refunded it for me it's good if you
can test it in your area and it works
for you but if you don't have a lawn
line then that's the perfect replacement
for it but no signal in my area was good
enough so unfortunately I'm now leaving
with a return receipt and a night-vision
goggle ticket on my car please don't
please no I do have to really say thank
you to Edo because if most companies do
tie you into contract and I want you're
saying it you've signed it but luckily
they were like our return policy is if
your internet speeds not good enough
then you know you can just bounce
straight away old employees who we want
new goodbye forever we love you
nice t-shirt John well I got my money
back don't have money dongle box anymore
is that it that was at last time using
the office you sent out all of them
they caught a wire that was hanging
loose just walking around
that's the night vision one dude this
looks sick introducing the Bushnell
night vision Akron ox said this thing
has the ability to record and take
photos which I really don't care about
even though it would be quite cool but
what I've tried it already is in this
room but it's got like a zoom so like
say like when you look through this
rather than it being like right then you
go from looking through it now it
doesn't look like that you can't see the
whole room all you can see is like that
dead zoomed in I really don't like that
did not say that on the packaging that
I'd like a magnified zoom straight away
so I'm actually not sure that I'm gonna
send it back this is just been a day of
sending things back and I'm not quite
happy about that but i'ma try it in the
night time see how it is and you never
know it might be really good it might be
really potato so until I can test out
the night vision capabilities I'm gonna
keep it
you like the London vlog I think grand
another good time it's not there you
have it all the sheep are gone and you
know what that means they all been
turned into lump chops well that are you
know they could have gone and got
sheared or something but oh my god a
unicorn horse
Jesus its massive I definitely a unicorn
I don't care what you said caught on
camera there it was all this time Hidy
Hidy my garden I had to do was look out
the window it's right there it's gone
see unicorn it vanished flew away that's
a lot of pop figures and that isn't even
all of them this is them and then I've
got an entire two boxes of they're full
of them I got so many pop figures so
many and I think maybe only two of them
are duplicates but flipped an egg that
collections of look Rick my mr. people
at hall I reckon my right yeah David are
you boogie you're going to attack me
today give you some what he's already
getting today I don't know maybe not
I'll feed him a maggot you think do you
want some crab Steve easy like it's
cracked look look missed ah
how did you miss that so bad baby but I
go get it off you enjoy that baby one to
a beauty one gasp stay burn do you want
some
Steve God
she's trying to feed you bro watch that
Wow food Rob the mind off me well quick
oh I think seen it what she do yeah I
think he's intimidated by your nails
watch let's see if I hold out my steaks
Stephen oh yes what is it
well how much I can see like maybe not
also well a minute ago you were ravaging
them now he just doesn't care
okay now he's seen it we literally put
it near his nose you smell it and now
he's like look how happy is he looked
he's so healthy at the moment some real
he's close
absolutely I just realized I said on it
oh my god I'm not ungrateful to this I
think it's amazing but I can't believe
on many I've gone oh my lord these are
all these are here apart from maybe jinx
these are all brand new pop figures that
I don't have so look at how many I've
got there these and my other pop figures
I've got so many it's unreal like this
is a ridiculous amount of pop figures
now I need to organize and better so I
can fit them all on but I think the last
count we did all of these combined was
about 220 maybe I'm gonna recount them
now to see how many I've got but oh my
lord the collection is gonna grow by the
way these are all falling over because
this is a secret goal so they keep on
over something I have to move these ones
off there and these ones off there and
then just put some else on there instead
but flip back the collection grows that
cat's shower feed we got some them some
new cat food and oh my god they seem to
love it look at this sunset look at a
cooler in my fridge it's all just orange
that loops a ball look at that sunset
yeah I'm sorry
he's gorgeous oh my god I'm literally
like a weatherman what is going on that
is GOP Glee nice holy Fox of givenness I
was beautiful when I went to Olivia's
school I said I'm gonna take part in the
paper airplane contest that they're
doing and it's someone out there entire
class can beat my paper airplane cuz
mind that good then they're gonna get a
precinct original t-shirt and they're
all Stokes oh time to make the best
design paper up when you've ever seen in
your night and it's done I'm joking this
is just step one I I've always done the
most sane simple white airplane design
ever and it's always been it's always
been good for me okay you know some
people be like crazy designs and then
paper airplane help me I'll keep it I'll
keep it I can get prim and proper if you
watch just just you wait so it's a full
bathroom full so far is looking like
this but then once you go at like this
what you could do is the backwards for
right at the front another pulled in
like this a bit of a lip keep it all the
way along fold again over another Bowl I
think there was a design for like crate
in the world's fastest strongest light
for this paper airplane but this one's
always been mine up as a kid so I can do
ice alright let's go and there you go
the greatest paper airplane I ever learn
to make dead accurate dead aerodynamic
and it's an absolute beast look at that
oh yeah all that's gonna win your kids
ain't get a free t-shirt tomorrow
sometime
this is Lydia's attempt of making the
paper oh you put the fall down the
middle straightaway I just skip that
part I'm a professional will help good
luck look how good mine is my mind's
like a Concorde no just keep making
yours the way you talk about taught as a
kid
don't we be doing that you're really
gonna do that way oh you're a madman I
have no idea what she's doing
it might actually be really good so far
it looks really neat and accurate and I
like it okay okay oh I think you've
messed up the front and Dan some
straight accuracy up in here yo you're
looking pretty good it might actually
beat mine don't do that we can have a
competition it's cool yours beats all
your own kids that you teach in and then
yours beats mine did you win I guess
because she's a very friendly person
just gonna say that right now that
looked pretty goddamn good let's say
yours is really sleek and well well
folded for his mind
I couldn't tell he's flimsy look at the
size of my wings compared to yours I do
it like this oh my god yours is like
perfect yeah you beat me mine's gonna go
sideways in it just do it do it do it
right
thirty three no three two one go
what are you doing go oh okay that was
pretty well there's your back all I know
is I won take that sucker oh no mine's
damaged now that might not why did you
throw that me little savage I could say
I should have let you win but no man the
game was on
we're the healthiest people I've ever
met oh my God we're gonna be I'm at this
is now me and Lydia back in back in the
day my yeah like just my older in my
chacras adder I was always out in shorts
but me really obviously got to know each
other through being at high school well
we went to high school and now on the
bus everyday are on the bus on the way
home every day but we we're really in it
each other's classes worried that's what
it's each of the during the day but then
we used to hang out at night I was in
law a class called Lord mother sir what
you're in she was him Roundtree Rigler
and a weird name well that's what she
was in then when we would hang out at
night we'd always go hanging out so but
being back in the day yeah always at
night time going hanging out beam up to
misty it's just weird how it all comes
full circle a what what is this is this
 at Central or something you've had
your dinner you've passed out like that
come on in have a look at how much how
much using comfort zone right now
he's proper Foley's little corner it
took Gadsby pissing here and in
here pissing here and in there piss
it here and there friends -
then go you know where I'll actually
like this corner I won't piss and
in it and I can say in it instead
because it's dead comfy why couldn't you
just realize that the first time such a
foot Buster's nice yarn love you this
isn't normal
look so good this is chips and curry
with fried rice in it what I bet
brahbrah
oh my god that might be the best
chickpea curry sauce holy I'm
gonna lick this bowl clean that is nice
so good if you've never been to a chippy
and add curry sauce from a chippy I know
gravies the way to go coz we British put
try curry sauce this is
relationshipgoals if I've ever seen it
Lindy is giving me a foot massage and
there's a fireplace on Netflix currently
are
get on our level me and Lydia have such
relationship goals things like this
happen introducing the YP forever Oh see
the look I'm gay no the gun wife goes
right okay ready
how do we do this don't don't turn it on
prior thank you let's go say thanks for
editing my teeth thanks for pushing in
my team the best thing ever but the logs
would never be on time for you to do it
but anyway thank you very much for
watching make sure you like subscribe I
will see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next day logs until that much lovely
black grinding either no cage bra and
today we're still under the hot
