the Hustle is real on this YouTube
channel I film every single day of my
life
post the every single day at 6 p.m. I
just made my vlog from yesterday go live
about 23 minutes ago and because I'm 8
hours ahead in Japan I've already
uploaded in the next one so I'm hoping I
can leave my computer there uploading
the vlog overnight whilst I go to bed
and as much as I'm about to say oh I'm
gonna get like a solid 8 to 10 hours
sleep
nah I get about 5 because we're gonna
get up at 7 o'clock in the morning and
travel around Japan so let the adventure
begin
professional filming days is what it is
oh dude I forgot to stop my daily look
so it's not snow oh hell yeah how we
roll walking down the street looking
back well look at all this razor product
hashtag out hey man do you work for a
hashtag an ambassador straight true
story
sponsored by RZA so if you guys don't
know this over the plus three is way
you've been up wait has it been three
years you didn't sneak me into place oh
shit that's always six years ago yeah
god damn oh gee the industry I am almost
tempted to say that is a turning circle
that's that's I want to put one of those
in my house in my house for garage so
when I pull up I can just press a button
and it turns this way because that one's
in there oh
I love you for bringing user that just
that alone is making me so happy that is
beautiful culture
oh look good Tom doing a photo shoot for
the family this is gorgeous I think it's
a little baby they just added just
before you like enter it look at it and
you walk into it the sign of respect I'm
not trying to be routine it's not oh
it's like a religious thing but either
way oh man this is just this is gorgeous
this is truly truly gorgeous other than
good I don't know what this means or
what this is but Wow look at what oh
that's different
oh this is just magnificent in it feels
so cultured this is incredible and by
the way these aren't dogs these are
actually uh foxes behind the scenes
behind the scenes they're shooting for
the year the backpack doing some
lifestyle rays and branding sort of
stuff so hopefully this comes out pretty
good damn sweet these koi are beautiful
thanks for teaching me how to say it by
the way interesting and look at this
turtles are chilling next to him this is
the shot right here look at this look at
it this subculture it's beautiful
and obviously took her being the sausage
that is smacked his head on it Oh should
I get a nice shot are you walking out go
Tucker b-roll b-roll even though I don't
have b-roll are music oh babe nice bro
look how gorgeous this is
it's beautiful this is truly why I came
to Japan this is what I was expecting
we're at that game show yesterday it was
cool to see I was not interested in
playing the entire day all the way to do
was leave and come to something like
this
Wow look at this I'll come for the
family photos Oh oh she's all dressed oh
that's adorable really cool so you have
to pour the water over your left hand
over your right hand then you drink the
water and then you pour it down
I'm not a fan of potatoes in the
slightest but apparently these are good
sir I'm gonna buy for oh yes that is so
sick why Superman they're the help oh
right okay sure
this just consists of these what's this
called gotcha gotcha pond yeah whoa
yo that's pretty dope I like that
Pokemon or not that I like that I got a
lot you can go in there and eat food and
they'll serve you drinks and sing to you
and stuff in there that's just weird
no video game of peril of merchandise
let's go please missus hellofresh I like
this tree when I was a kid called
rainbow corner is this onii-chan or
whatever it's called oh really oh why
does it one say onii-chan yeah I don't
like this this isn't this is not me this
is this oh sorry
apologies or maybe the talking to you
this is not my essence well you call it
misreading that yeah this is not my
thing there is a god dumb cat cafe and
also I believe the hedgehog one here it
is this is it this is your moment this
is it enter the razor's down okay the
bo-zone
what oh sorry I went to the wrong place
it's down this is your store bro this is
it that razor bone oh wow this is sick
the razor bones yeah then you why did
your famous dude as a boys
yes I do that isn't even real dude do
you come back up dude hey
fist bump bro inside the razor store a
laptop with poop Jeon you better know
about to secure @w mate this thing is
getting more friends per second now I do
on my tire big PC at home what the heck
what do you think of it it's cool right
is it like a crazy trip to sit yourself
on the screen so to know that you're on
repeat Hong's - all day every day for
like what five years do I really really
wish I had one of these in like my local
shop and said I have to say that right
now this is great this is the tourist
destination man this is where to be this
is where to be so yeah like I said this
is why the shopping market Japan Tokyo
sorry it's just like mainly all things
like nerdy is that like for example Sega
Building
just I was saying yesterday I don't feel
like I'm in Japan right now I feel like
I'm in Japan
Mario uno all right so this is all the
old-school video game items stuff okay
whatever that is that's just a magnet
that's pretty sick
oh gee as hell I don't even know what
half is still from looking at this is my
oh okay okay so is this all the old
consoles and stuff it was this game a
couple games almost like gyromite okay
now this is retro so Sega I had a Sega
Megadrive - yeah ad - Sega Megadrive oh
my god I had this one this is the one
I've had whoa ever time I've tried a
Virtual Boy and that is amazing just
weird is my mum and dad
when I was growing up I got a Sega
Megadrive a phone call because I think
he upgraded to a Playstation or
something like that
oh my pc oh whatever so I got given a
Sega Megadrive
that was my first of a console I never
really did it in tendo's I already feel
like that but I did get gameboy color I
got given a gameboy color and I sell the
game that was like my that was it that's
my whole experience was your first ever
console because my mom didn't want me to
yeah and then as the like PlayStation 1
was getting big I was I was so set
because my Sega Megadrive had a CD slot
my friend at a Playstation one where's
that a Playstation one I took home his
disc and put it in my Sega hoping it
would load obviously it didn't and I
think I ruined his disc so yeah Matt the
thing that I then went off in life and
then play video games for a living so
nah I should buy one of these whilst I'm
here man I'm just saying that this is
overwhelming yes yes yes PlayStation 2
slim white edition that makes that is
truly one of the best-looking consoles
that was gorgeous thing absolutely
gorgeous I've seen youtubers do the
whole trying Japanese candy and stuff
like just like stuff that you can get
from a store in the UK well I mean Japan
build me in like 4k so like the call is
hopefully much better and then gonna put
it on my syndicate channel and post it
on there just cuz I'm not posted for
like two months so if you want to check
it out when I get it live and uploaded
on the towel I'll put a link in the
description might not be today we might
be tomorrow so it's gonna be mad some of
this candy and stuff I got is truly
truly trippy so yeah I expect something
really awesome you've probably not seen
a trying Japanese candy like this before
this is where the pros are kicking it
look at him just sat here you're like
rotate and I'm like people are playing
and they're going over there smoking
then come back playing thank you these
guys probably spend all day here not
being rude but that's what I've been
taught they actually do
apparently it's like a cabbage chip so
yeah just like cabbage pop tab it's one
like cheese cabbage come on this is like
a tick oh that looks nasty I'm not
seeing the negative reaction yet Tom
I'll try one they're really good oh okay
sure that's gorgeous this is such a
sensory overload there's just so many
options thank you yes I am in Japan and
yes I should probably wait until we get
some food but these guys are throwing so
much stuff that I'm like I'm shaking
hungry if there's one thing my dad says
let's make sure you eat some food even
if it's just anything so good sir thank
you brewski man miss miss well at first
you're blocking the shot
definitely
North Korea did it did not North Korea
fight the missile apparently cuz
everyone's going he said some oh no
screws to all the cars okay sorry yeah
but he said North Korea you know yeah
this is so cool though look at it just
look at it is this worth it yeah we're
so worth it literally big rays are sent
to the background this is what I do is a
job it's great
they are cat deep in the cat cafe oh one
ha ha but we're gonna go to this one
here which isn't it a shot a shot a soft
cafe so apparently we can eat and shoot
things at the same time I am all about
this life
okay then oh oh yes oh yes this is about
to become the coolest cafe ever yes all
right
spicy cheese spicy cheese a bit
okay I'm going for it might be the
greatest thing I've ever seen in a
restaurant in my life
this is like the restaurant menu but
there's a good menu inside with a
mystery box oh that is sick
miss miss oh it's a decoy
I wanna say I came strapped but I came
strapped dude they just like this is
m1911 style
hey listen basically took the lefties
camera in that room completely forgot
about it so I have it I'm gonna give it
you to put in your bag and then we're
gonna play it like we don't have it at
all see how long it takes him to notice
punch him in the face just a prank bro
we have the camera right here
this is how I jump in these people hey
okay I'm taking a nap you seem to be you
seem to be struggling really he's
struggling bro no no no put these in
dish you not two but three coins
three coins
oops yeah we meet again the hole in the
floor I can do this this is doable I
think wow great filming kill it
cameraman assistant ever thanks let's do
this show is the fact that we're going
across the Rainbow Bridge right now oh
no we're not
oh that's that's the river looks cool
that's the I'm assuming that's what
Mario's inspired from sheer commute on
this train all the time these guys
anything roll it up what's this called
oh and this is this a really is this a
really big we took you in Irvine to do
the like that the dollar store challenge
remember oh really
remember yeah I did that's the dullest
oh yeah the dollar fifty store remember
we got yeah yeah why's our Baskin
Robbins here that doesn't say 31 flavors
it says state 1% off world you've been
drinking he been drinking okay so we
bought baskin-robbins ice cream and this
is my ice cream but they it came with
dry dry ice watch it came with dry ice
in the back what the hell what this
looks amazing
smoke dude that this was worth the eight
hundred thousand yen I just paid this is
literally entertainment to me dry ice is
like one of the coolest things ever I
need to drop it in water it was a
squirrel I know you're all judging me
right now but this is one of the coolest
things I've ever done
I'm refreezing my ice cream that's
melted with dry ice took a view got a
coin in your pocket like right watch
this because it's I don't understand the
mathematics I've never played with dry
ice right we'll watch stick the coin on
it and listen listen fully flat on it
that's so crazy
it's the gas trying to escape underneath
the pressure at the coin that's really
what Thanks ah to move the moon you
ready to hit up the the latest nightclub
in the world I mean jeez Seeger maybe
you this is next level immersion this is
good
are you loose dude this is like this is
like not Tokyo Drift with that that
nature speed film did where they drift
down their need for speed carbon that's
what it's like
whoa what
so just watch this madness
this is really
absolutely brilliant this is just great
I'm pretty sure this is like Sonic
Olympics this is the Oh hundred and ten
me a spring I'm gonna try and do this
with one hand
Nick oh wait oh shit what are we doing
we have to jump that was very a false
side
that
hey what he what
I can't fall honey blaze it button
so we weren't unlike the spinny ride I
knew some chairs over that afterward we
just like went and sat down on the
chairs I thought it was just me lying
down and I accidentally like fell asleep
on the side I fell asleep for a long-ass
time for a longest and I'm like I was
just like let's lay that wait in that
flight everyone said right this is the
next rapper going on returns out took a
better sleep and so did Josh so everyone
else went up and enjoyed themselves and
we got left like kids in a crash asleep
you're an idiot one this is what we
brought to introducing the world's
largest dum-dum good Gundam gun damn it
Gundam figure bloody hell that's I want
one I'd be impressed if it's died moving
just saying that would be absolutely
epic
everyone here staring at this thing
because it's beautiful but I have to
admit enforcer the staircase this amount
of Mario is gorgeous you go tomorrow
these guys both leave and then it leaves
those guys to kick it in Tokyo for four
more days good as long as I get a I
would sleep at a it's gonna be wicked if
not gonna cry well that was pretty dang
magical at least assuming that's it does
it a switch back on now and yeah Wow
cool right really good dude everyone was
stoked she loved it this is the Kill
Bill restaurant apparently very very
excited to get in here oh this looks
good sushi heck yes
yo this is sick what a cool spot yeah
okay
I'm going for this bad boy it's just a
massive food don't even know what half
of it is but you know what why not when
in Japan about to have a metric shits on
a food they say shrimp dumpling shrimp
dumpling for the win I don't even know
where the fight went down please this is
it okay got the file the roof as well no
idea what that is
I'd like that a lot thank you very much
what H ey yes kind of that is dope yeah
what awesome about people all right
thank you very much
super glad we came to this spot it was
just a little bit of a walk down the
road from our hotel Abby and me will be
saying goodbye to these guys tomorrow
morning and then we're taking like I
believe a train I might be running a
sale it's like two hours away a summer
to get to the bottom of the base of
Mount Fuji food you because these guys
are gonna be hiking it and I may also be
doing it so we'll see but money I've
gotta be careful nearly one o'clock in
the morning so I got to end today's vlog
here get all my stuff Chad because we
have to be out of this building by 11:00
at 11:00 tomorrow I'm not getting
trained we're getting a bus to our next
air B&B for our next step of the
adventure so Bigfoot looking forward to
it and we'll just wing it from there I'm
hoping that I'll have internet on the go
if not then yeah I'm screwed but
nonetheless I'm gonna end this vlog if
so make sure you leave a like rating if
you're enjoying the vlogs
subscribe ding done the notification
bell that way you'll hopefully get
notification every time and post the
video but you know YouTube broken so
whatever about that I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next a log
