finally managed to get all my files onto
the computer can started and edited and
uploaded ASAP just for the record I'm in
no rush to get these up much like 8 I
was ahead so I could take my time even
more but now I'm allowed to wake up
start my day anything all right
time for me to take my first shower in
Japan let's go into the bathroom this is
the bathroom this is the bathroom the
floor this is the shower it's just one
big wet room apparently eat the help
I don't know but beer bad shall travel
however the one thing I forgot the one
thing I thought about is professional
traveler forgot my hair gel so I'm kind
of stuck looking like a potato
unless Tucker's got some I can borrow so
let's go and see if our boy could save
the day ok your head stuff may have
saved the day the hair gel needed it
forgot mine I still like a potato but at
least I look whatever no technician ship
without me September 29th don't forget
John on the lens dude look how look how
put your different to make you ready
yeah oh
day 1 has the gun was actually
technically day two but are you ready
for fun adventures of Randall yes on
adventures alright our first ever
breakfast in Japan I don't really know
what to expect book
we'll go with it I trust your tongue
Electric I don't trust you
anymore that's a completely ruin my
vlogging in Japan everywhere you go has
got this symbol Japanese coffee I went
for a latte so it's makes it just been a
basic they just filming those making tea
or tea or coffee what I'm man just came
in the cup straightaway and I drank it
I've seen some ham and cheese sandwiches
in my life but there's a funky looking
food cheese sandwich by oh c'mon games
just like that that is a lot of things
I'm so glad I got this wide angle lens
on because there's so much to take in
right now I don't even know what I'm
looking at oh there's no Clement buy it
now obviously but I need some we're here
boys we're officially here there's a
toilet the floor whoa-ohh on dude I'm
like step the toilet that's normal that
is not like what this have to be like a
proper squat pose over it like oh yeah
that's a good dude that's a good good
dude thank you for pointing that out
oh my lord the Great Britain know that
I'll do
said this mind let's buy it business
expense
this is sixpence I want one anyway
though the car can just get you so
excited
we finished traveling to the destination
to get to the Tokyo Game Show is this it
now we took has been looking for this
one coca-cola Coffee version or whatever
ball it's just try try anyway try anyway
I really want to try this done are you
kidding me and we're going to a game
show and all that but could we go there
instead on the train right now and we're
still heading for Tokyo Game Show
does it fit mean sure if I just felt
like that yeah attempted to fill my
entire blog just like that what's really
good one day guys one day I'll use a
proper camera until then we'll just have
to hope you'll film the rest of my life
vomit man this place got hella busy
where we going where we going where's
tell me
we need tell me okay i right I reckon
just follow the crowd most I need an
adult
looks like we made it to our destination
all close to it I think Scout we're over
here we're over here we're over here and
we're over here not quite sure what this
is I swear to God Japan is giving me
trust issues I wish I would've logged it
I tried this and it looks like just like
grape flavored juice no it's jelly that
is actually jelly and not a Caesar who
can like a metal can not what I was
expecting so now I'm trying Pocari sweat
yeah it's like gatorade mmm it's not but
mmm
staying hydrated in Japan I'm convinced
we're not supposed to be in this hallway
you don't have that this does not look
like the way we're supposed to go what
the hell are we going I took about four
here nice all Charcot good job good job
that's it dude where's how BIG's a razor
booth we made it to the twitch lounge
hey I'm just like this hey hey took a
fine I took it like hey I'm still some
having the more most followed can I come
in
no you look at everyone just staring us
this is so weird
let's go ahead who's winning
no stay away stay away twitch was pretty
neat oh this guy with a camera I see you
always filming now we're checking out
the razor
what do we try is this so these are
super rare well they're rare
well that rare eggs all just very rare I
don't know if you're trolling oh yeah
get out of it alright I'm going to try a
wreck
really good peach add one oh my god nice
all these guys yeah well all these guys
are taking photos I'm like what are they
all like everyone's literally getting
angle theta oh yeah pose
Duke toes work it what we're here for
you not that we're here for you not then
all these guys are just really taking
photos of these with no hair up I'm kind
of I'm kind of spooked all right now
this is this is rich I can appreciate a
good woman but I don't just stand there
with my flash up taking photos of them I
mean we should stand behind desire so
when the guys have to bump into the
photo so we're in the picture anymore
hey you guys look you guys look really
nice but uh but yeah you guys look great
why are you watching this alright I need
this I need this okay okay you can have
all of them is finally found he's
promised lungs
the only point here it is this better be
worth the hype it's probably not gonna
be yeah I was told that this tastes like
Coke mixed with coffee sounds horrible
smell good this is a food call this is
like a stadium food so good that people
line up to watch you eat dude that guy's
eating ribs oh my god nice organized
lines as well I like it
this guy's literally a Nintendo switch
please tell me that turns on is that a
working monitor is he trying to put it
in the base what oh please go on the
screen please go on the screen please go
on the screens yes wins right this guy
wins best cosplay walking out of a
Nintendo switch I'm playing it that is
genius
there's definitely a reason people play
this game
a horse riding simulator and all these
are like moving chairs and stuff I love
that one is unlike an omni directional
pad this is so sick
what are they what are these guys doing
what are they oh they're on a roller
coaster what you're like Ghostbusters or
something what what wait what are they
Oh what the heck moves it moves
I think you're like attacking things and
repairing stuff okay that's pretty
awesome VR training for firefighters Oh
what okay that is pretty damn saying go
to the fire escape
these guys these guys have got no wires
on the floor or anything you just got
these backpacks on and they can just
cruise around in VR that's dope
that's what VR is the future mine I
swear to god we're oh whoa we are all
gonna be in via every single one of this
play it ready player one if you've never
read that I'll listen to it that is the
future and this is where the cosplay
begins I believe lots of photos of lots
of people dressed as lots of things look
at this guy yes you see now this is it
though fast cosplay I'm liking this I'm
liking what I'm seeing here care to
explain why this guy's got a cup of
noodles and he said Josh was it for real
did you have to pay for it I don't
remember
sure that's a good cosplay that's pretty
good I can confidently say Tokyo Game
Show it's got me absolutely worn out I'm
I'm just unbearable welcome to be honest
like I don't understand any of the games
that I don't offend a lot of it I don't
I don't know the cosplays no it's part
of the culture
all right listen there's a guy with a
cup of noodles on his head over there
yeah and I saw them eyes I saw her I
recognized Metroid that's it you know
what you guys are dicks I think I'm like
to say that we're done we're done with
the show we're done with the show show
but now we really get on the train to
get back to wherever it or in the other
house yeah Roppongi we're going back to
the house first and it's going to be a
 show it's gonna be so busy we're
gonna have a crowd yeah these people
were like these white coats you push it
once the train to the gods because I
don't cram you in like sardines so I
tried filming Tokyo Game Show it's
better what are you doing moaning Tokyo
Game Show it's been a blast the only two
boobs I knew here is twit and razor
other than that the rest was random this
is nasty
that's a lot of people that's a lot of
it it's time to fit all these people
into this train let's do this laughter
were these were these
yeah I need an adult okay we're in oh my
god dad I'm thinking of you you've got
your own building brother look at that
he's a beautiful shop I got beautiful
these places look how beautiful this
place is man I'm so if they run away if
everyone away imperfectly said where'd
they go have you ever seen two more
handsome bastards before cuz I have it I
have it did you guys run away from us
wait cheeky bastard this place is
getting home this place is getting artsy
they said there's a giant move what if
you don't like spiders I suggest you
look wait now because there is a big ass
spider look at that
I'm so glad I've got these wide-angle
lens you ready that's what you would see
other way oh it's beautiful
sorry at photobombing oh well look at
that imagine if they actually released
that and like loads of spiders actually
fell out just everyone around here and
the epidemic began to be a pretty good
vlog why are we not getting on the
cruisin party right now maybe you can
drink tea and cheer I think we can make
this happen what do you say bail so
we've decided welcome to our ramen shop
we also English having this menu inside
please see to ask our staff apparently I
do not English
you know anyone as we say ramen just
like to point out this gentleman here
Oh dancing the ladies just done singing
about gun over whose moves look at these
moves and use that good luck
you look much more manly now Oh Sammy
nice step in yes health and happiness my
friend dude I got my ramen smells really
good that smells really really good but
I don't know how it tastes someone could
it took her took is looking like you'd
get into it this is honestly so good
right yeah just absorbing the sauce if
you ever in Japan then I goes really
nice yeah I'm giving that boy but that
was really there's like a Grampa yeah
actually I'm giving at nine point seven
there you go okay I'm right I'm raising
I'm raising the roof but now I think
we're going back to the back to the
house showed out a second shower in and
then and then we're going to the bloody
Tokyo robo show what are we going to I'm
going to Tokyo robot restaurant
Oh restaurant yep so that should be
interesting
and then apparently the next day get up
at 7 a.m. yeah there's a beautiful GTR
come on Tokyo Drift I'm Joe Chiodo is
texting
No Tokyo Drift up all the talks yeah
well that's it that's it that's it
do you want whoa
six percent big five percent big beer so
you can where you can walk around on the
streets tell me John come on out yeah
you can walk around on the streets here
with their weight is your drink it is
record to you limit time they drink it
home so I'm gonna question for you is
there a time you're not allowed to drink
past no no speaking if you're what you
could just ring on the street 24/7 not
gonna country all right Tyler we meet
again don't attack me rude with this
towel right and we can be friends this
is what I'm liking right here I'm really
interested in getting a 350z and getting
it out like that but with like a wider
body kit that is beautiful
dude I'm a fan of that that is a true
Tokyo Drift car right there
not in the slightest whereabouts we are
right now but we are going to the mr.
Roboto robots show which is apparently
down this road so you can translate that
you're a wizard that's where we are I'm
going to assume that's how we're gonna
walk out of the Tokyo what's it called
robot bar like that that guy's literally
that guy's balls deep into whatever he
drank Jesus is that how you're gonna
roll out you hope so anyway yeah I hope
it's okay to staleys I don't know if you
made across successfully they say don't
sing just look at it look at it why I'll
have to say is why
that's terrifying ro it's terrifying
this is where we're going a robot
restaurant dude how long is this show
last like an hour oh my god no meat no
life
wow that's pretty hot it's kind of in
your face oh yeah I've always wanted to
photo with this
well God's sake
I accidentally dropped it did I just
know there's a there's a glory hole oh
yeah did I do you feel like you've
achieved your final fall yes I can also
agree you have are you ready for like
the latest show of your entire life I am
sorry this is it this is the moment
we've all been waiting for the
world-famous what is it called
robot robot restaurant all right I'm
ready to get my mind blows do this
wait we get food a one pass one ticket
yes and you give a ticket and you give
it to get ticket to the crate the ticket
to the crazy showing a epilepsy warning
from now on
oh my god people are already passing the
 out in my comments please be
careful and watch your step then this is
this ticket is better than Willy Wonka
so that's all I'm saying if you guys
have never seen this and don't want to
expect your minds will be born I've seen
this on youtube and it's goddamn trippy
as balls this is hella trippy what the
hell is going on here this is already -
trippy for my brain
you liking this you're liking you get in
this noticed it oh okay okie dokie gents
restroom let's do this
I don't see no robots
oh this is a lounge oh my god yes
don't you like that every single person
is this is about to be so crazy even the
bathrooms are trippy whoa that is Ella
weird was a toilet what like what the
I've looked Japan like seriously if you
guys are enjoying these videos make sure
you leave a like read and share it with
your friends because this is gonna be
like the best nine days of my life
there's literally an American bomber
this is so sick
okay this gas messed up show floor
entrance yes this way seat number 71
dude I want four row seats we might have
good seats well we're over there
we have burnt row seats to possibly the
crazy showing up Oh coming out we're
coming out what is that that's that
picking an airplane take it in there
that's it take it in
okay these boxes wait yeah cheering this
show big robots passes by your drink
Apopka Margot here please and so your
drink holder in front of you I'm good
what is happening Oh what is this what
is this I'm so ready for this breath
what is this chain space
we have like an intermission I'm just
gonna get some drinks real quick sit
back down and let the games begin
they are really stepping right fudda
McGregor robot versions abouts c'mon
just function what like what is this
doing here please turn off your Wi-Fi
devices it interferes with robots okay
I'm still confused as to why there's big
metal barriers in front of us and Tubba
Tubba Tubba Co it's just jeez
God
what the
she's essentially what the
is it the heart come upon you came back
you help me
these people this is a real robot this
go now
now the story lines out the way oh this
guy's sick he's got
lasers
I love my drop of this is thanks bubble
man
oh it's like the Easter Bunny but a
laser bunny now you need razor green bro
or you can change colors what else can
issue I mean hello good day now loss
episode 7 this is Team America
where is the fashion-conscious so
what the is this
one of the craziest nights well I've
supervised it how good was that know the
craziest coolest things I've ever done
Major League Baseball I know where's
Tommy tomorrow oh out of all
Jason chase ball she's well she's ball
I'm not Josh this is on you Brown if you
get in your way
thank you oh that was literally right it
is you don't even know how to Palm bro
can you shoot the ball
this security got staring at me I'm
going for a left-hand shot scrubbed it
guys
why are you wasting your opportunities
where you could just when you just get
in I'm gonna let Chuck her take my shot
with both hands at the same time this is
double double pawning early wait first
bus of you oh yeah double ugly dude if
you get this it already starts time I
know no did he get 180 bounce too funny
would any other when there and then in
so he gets two so they have three shots
to get off to get this one yeah but why
is they get it then then three comes
going to make you go okay Oh
if you that's a free shot it gets an
extra shot back and one more yeah okay
this is this this is the decider if you
guys miss both of these all right
we win if you if you miss this we win
I'd like to congratulate me and checker
did it's been a pleasure
arigatou arigatou legato I don't know
the rest of the song for some reason we
all got these vitamin drinks which have
parently helps having alcohol and
hangovers and now we're all getting ice
cream so
this isn't I'm this drain smells like
assholes yeah bad fine
oh I might know India even touch it it's
automatic it's a robot dog what the
dude
amazing I love Japan thing is Japan
doesn't feel like a different country to
me I feel like doesn't have that with
Americans and people are like it does
not feel like a foreign country we have
a translator so that's probably why but
it does not feel like a different
country I've been to America that fella
cute his picture I've been to Egypt that
felt like that fella gave entry you
looking like New York seriously kind of
weird apparently this drink hair is
gonna help with hangover so we're just
on took her oh that's just like medicine
oh that was like taking medicine as a
kid is it bro are you cooking
dude dude yep Hey what the is going
on life of dumb sumo what does that say
whoa wait Tom come in no I'm going no no
taxi Destin why are we done jab begun
those haters the only language we know
is dabbing oh my god
the Paul's what have you started this
apparently helps you the hangover
don't sing that it's a 17 year old white
girl this has been an amazing night Tom
come here Tommy you saved this man yeah
like I do not feel like I'm in another
country I've said this before tonight I
do not feel like I'm in another country
because every time I struggle with
something I just go Tom and he solves
the problem you know so Tom you've been
a legend are you sticking with us until
the 30th so we're not gonna struggle
fun fact apparently that is the building
of the restaurant where Kill Bill was
filmed in that massive fights it with
Kill Bill Vol - okay how many kill bills
is it anyway that apparently is a
building so we're gonna go in there and
I hope to get a badass photo in there so
you guys fancy it make sure you follow
me on instagram at syndicate and i'm
gonna be posting some new pass photos
men hopefully it turns out d-dad we got
forced out of the cab not for any reason
only because Tom in Japanese said pull
over as fast as you can we're now
pulling over to go on get a kebab I feel
like this is a British night out these
two are basically drunk as hell they can
handle their alcohol as much as I can
and they need some food to sober
themselves up so this is now our plan of
the night so okie dokie Jones
you were the one person you wanted a
kebab through try it
massive buy it you let me know how it is
was it work was it worth it mm-hmm was
it worth it
truly no it wasn't not at all you said
no first so no okay okay I agree I tried
the meat and that is not that is not
that is not about me you like kebab is
like sliced good
me right huh that looks like it's been
saturween ever like 9,000 years they
just deep-fried that today
Oh refrigerate refrigerated it defrosted
it that's the word I was looking for my
name is Tom I'm British and I'm trying a
kebab in Tokyo so let's do this mm-hmm
there's not taste like a kebab does not
taste like chicken beef and pork it
literally just tastes like a meat
there's no flavor to any of this just a
meat but anyway I'm gonna end this vlog
now thank you very much watching if you
guys are Stokes and enjoy the Japanese
vlogs then smash that like go and
subscribe share it your friends and be
like yo if you want to check out Japan
show your friends Tom's come watch the
videos and you never know if things go
the way they're going these guys are
gonna climb Mount Fuji
is it Fuji or Fuji so these guys might
climb Mount Fuji and if I can be
bothered in my knees working our climber
as well so we have no equipment but
we'll see how things go so leave a like
rating subscribe and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow for Nexo vlog at 6 p.m. and
until then stop me what
