wake up it's a beautiful morning wake up
that's a beautiful cat are you doing are
you doing today's outfit of choice no
sir nice coat that I've got a syndicate
original insignia shirt and my shots
because why not you got yourself a toy
what are you doing you're not allowed to
come out being grounded today you can go
back downstairs and play with your
sister so come on let's go
Oh reunited after like 24 hours he
doesn't care he just wants to be by the
way we have fed him in between he's just
like I want to be friends he's like fuck
you dude
I'm just gonna shoo my sister thinks I'm
made of money because bloody ell that is
that big orders a breakfast with it's
lunchtime but it's not lunchtime it's
two o'clock in the afternoon
yeah woke up pretty late sorry I was two
hours late to bring dinner to everyone I
think I think it's fair to say car needs
to clean his car tires oh my god who
wants a copy or a tea raise a giraffe
researcher to researcher Jura Carl hates
his life cuz he's stuck here alright
Bruton
now it's called Karma for throwing the
tissue at me before you good oh my God
he's a savage is a savage don't mess
with cow oh my god oh my god it was a
full cup of sugar Oh sugar oh oh oh oh I
literally just have to take off all my
clothes
all my clothes to get the sugar out
because soon as I mean by at bar it went
down the back Khmer down my spine and
now my ass crack yeah that's not a nice
experience mom what do you think of my
new chair it is actually unbelievably
comfortable exactly Cheers
that boy what's his name not the schmuck
now so easy pretty much got every single
shirt we've ever done if you anything
you want to say to malice in case he's
watching this well thanks for keeping
you two in business I will sign it for
you right now Ross oh gosh my friend
gonna sign it right now Bansi you
delivered for us there you go
what that's it's been five days I've
been trying to get through the orders
look at how many will send it out this
is insane
I was still packing them up oh my god
the wolf the syndicate original is
unreal
and honestly I can't thank you guys
enough just because like I don't take a
penny out of this company I know it
sounds random but I just I just don't
like I never have since like the day we
started it but it's just like an awesome
family business and you guys get amazing
clothes out of it and it brings me
closer to my mom and sister don't it did
it anyway I never thought we'd be doing
this no yeah but I get to see you all
the time now it's just crazy
Oh daddy I did a good job dinner dad do
a good job it's not stuck to his chair I
thought Carl that's payback for that
that's payback for the sugar prank bitch
an isotope card to the chair why you
reached home time please that's cheating
that's so cheating not fair
lean forward Carl yes tactic coming from
there it's just a hindrance that's all
bonk ow don't strain yourself just
become like a right team effort you know
his legs are still attached because it
doesn't need legs to press with his arms
okay then like I was saying before
thanks for bringing me closer to my
family stay away from me don't you even
bother where's the tape hide the tape
hide the tape let's put the milk away
I'll put him away we talked about you
doing you don't for the weekend now I
like how you revealed Lydia
come into work tomorrow oh yeah it does
look like a bomb not well IDIA where'd
you get that hoodie from me wow that's
really nice where'd you get that from
oh yeah oh yeah I'll wreck it oh yeah oh
yeah city covered open conscription to
clarify for the millionth time I do not
make with you wear sends a cat original
clothing it's just you just happened to
Nick so much of my stuff she just she
just goes in my wardrobe I got so many
just takes it so she just wears it and
then it's just a it's free walking
promotion on a pretty fucking fine ass
lady if you don't mind me saying so that
was my that was my way of being polite
but also goddamn sir Toby done another
one bites the dust a lovely night in
Manchester tonight the house looking
nice and identity Lydia to the train
station so like I said unfortunately
scribbled and I was supposed to be going
to a charity ball with Lydia down in -
eff tomorrow but it clashes with the
Westies engagement pie and obviously
I've gotta go to engagement plan I don't
know I make it sound like it's a chore
going to the engagement pie I'd love to
have done both but I did in fact say to
where I was going to his engagement
first so I got a stick to the puns that
I've made it's gonna be one hell of a
night I expect lots of alcohol to be
drunk and most likely you know what I'm
putting a bet on it I reckon is gonna be
a fight not with me but I just a family
feud of some kind I think you might get
that but not today another day can't
believe you're abandoning me and the
cats yeah you're abandoning me and the
cats Oh
simply Chinese you better know I simply
got myself some salt and pepper chicken
yo just spoke to Lydia she's made it to
her destination absolutely safe and
sound I'm gonna get back on the phone
with her in a bit of a chat you know one
of those
I love you I love you go away I'm trying
to give my soul and pepper chicken and
basically just all by myself now I'm the
lonely
I'm the lonely wanderer in this barren
land supplies have been gathered I got a
monster energy juiced I think I've tried
that before but Cameron what it tastes
like and I've got a monster punch all
right I never seen that one before him
in life whoa oh my god thanks go oh my
god my door just opened
I thought it was a ghost but I just
realized I've got two cats and just hit
casually watching nature play some page
ones d1 thinking he's playing on his
ultra wide screen which looks beautiful
by the way I know you really probably
can't talk to my camera but I look down
to my left and I'm like oh there's
Gatsby so that must mean Lunas over here
oh my lord you are the cutest kitten
I've ever seen honest to god
your brother's nice but you're so much
better oh my lord goals Sheila with my
kid to get she's adorable and I love her
Gatsby
not so much goals as anything but today
guys I'm gonna have to end the book well
actually not today
well yeah it is a new day it is a new
dawn it is a new day whoa check out
mother truckers got himself a little
mini tracks if amount is long sick my
cast absolutely passed the hell out
let's do some post Malone and their play
by self superb Jean no change there I'm
hoping tomorrow's vlog goes smoothly for
you guys because as of right now it's 5
o'clock in the afternoon I've actually
done nothing all day opens about don't
you think I've filmed any clips because
I'm just saving myself for where's is
Wes's engagement pie sound which should
be very very messy so hope you guys
looking forward to it if you are make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
if you're ding dong the bell next to
subscribe button you'll get old an
occasion when I post the video and I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the
next day of locus until then stop
