well goodbye I'll wiedersehen but come
on I am a professional sing song writer
okay it's gonna be a long long night
is that an Elton John song Rocket Man
something didn't turn to turn to dinner
okay bye
goodbye mom goodbye now goodbye mom love
you
I keep pooping on the couch coz I'm a
dick bye-bye now
that's the grounded shelf you can't you
down hon do you know why you're grounded
don't you y'all know why you're grounded
their job
oh they went and took my sofa yeah again
so I think even though I'm going to GGG
Gibraltar even though I'm going to Japan
today I think it's a time we do this
introducing the nest cam oh no it's not
an S come it's a narrative a real a real
our lo can't think it's time to plug
this in in the lounge face it the sofa
on motion detect and then if a cat
decides to go and do a poopy thing on
this silver thing then the camera will
be here hidden be on owl
oh smack Nick as well holy crow
that's pretty good so it's Mike Wow look
at that it's magnetic so they won't be
able to knock out the way and I'll be
able to see on camera the cat pooping on
the sofa have you had enough time on the
naughty shelf now don't even try and
jump
it's or I'm like they'll alternate dad
okay that's the first time I've ever put
them on that shelf that's the last time
I'm gonna put them up there but I forgot
captain retires and can't see glass so
yeah what cats that was I was like you
know like why dad's a hero kid catch
compilations but it was a kitty cat
compilation instead I know it was a good
cat right you see Gadsby your sister
knows what she's doing and that's why I
think I'm committing to the fact that I
think it was you you cat who did
nine pairs of boxer shorts 9 pairs of
socks and then for the ultimate packing
selection this right one shirt two three
four five six look at that
sick brand-new pack shirts ready to go
then I'll pack some All Saints shirts
going out shirt my going out shoes I'm
pretty much packed as I've got a lot of
toiletries everything ready to go way to
start the day
oh no matches ended where is my evidence
it's right here cut myself up winner
winner chicken dinner
Jim what a game before I like got packed
up ready for Tokyo I should be packing
and I need to go now but I'm not and I
was like you know what I'm gonna play
one game and you know what I would
that's a win as you all know I'm
actually went to Japan today so it's
gonna be absolutely wicked but I'm
risking missing my flight to Japan
because Jaguar has invited me down to go
and check out the brand-new unveiling
unveiling revealing revealing reveal the
new car for the Formula e race series
and the new driving team that they're
gonna be using so instead of flying out
of Manchester to get to Tokyo and find
out Birmingham because the event is in
Birmingham in Coventry so I think I just
saw a fancy-ass car drive past sure
where it's gone but I saw a really nice
jag you drive past cos it's gonna drive
me from here to the event soon as the
event finishes like on the minute it
finishes drive straight to the airport
and hopefully hopefully hopefully
hopefully make it in time to get to
Japan so where's the Jackie all gone
areas you're going the wrong way mate
reverse there's my car shoes flippy
floppies trainers ready-to-wear they're
my syndicate hat t-shirts swim shorts
Jean I only have a wet one pair of jeans
that I have to the same pair cuz they're
the best easel shout out some offers
charge it I don't have an international
charges and that kind of sucks so we
won't worry about that for now
shaver you know the fact that I'm
holding two spoons I'm kind of clean my
room at the same time shaver
toiletries I need a coat I think I'm
good to go just like that I'm ready to
rock and roll
everything I packed for Japan
in this fund I hope and think it's
raining here in England so you know what
side our sheep goodbye Steve
all right time to say goodbye to the
kitty cats the kitty kitty cats
the key to key cats all right baby I
love you I love you I'm going now I
won't see you for like nine days you'll
totally forget Who I am on yeah
yeah yeah you are you little cutie can
be so big what you panting you wag I'm
gonna you'll be beautiful like a little
tiger tiger
you're my little tag all right now it's
gonna say goodbye to you little brother
so I guess see you and I'm back 9 days
sound good however anyway you could say
I've got comfy sofas which you poop on
I've got comfy chairs I got everything
you choose to sit on a rock star gaming
bag at the back now there's a little
stroke oh wait is that a pair as well I
love you and leave you okay see you in
nine days nope that's Derek man they do
it in style don't they
it's it look at this leg room I'll take
it you know that's a win I guess this is
how me and Derek turn up in style
yeah let's do two above your sexy thing
we're gonna be stuck in this traffic for
17 miles so as well be relaxed I got my
heat you see how I'm chilly
every spot my phone so yeah I see that
Jaguar Land Rover sign we're in the
right place I trust you as long as n
yeah that was the guy who brought me
down
yeah Derek you've got a nicer car oh
good screens in the back of it on that
table oh oh so you are you you're
transporting the upper class the name
what's your name mate Tony that's nice
to me really pleasure
Tony just said lean back and it's got
built-in massager this is fancy
yeah just just some people just kicking
me on my aura then I got my VIP one yet
to get in and the souza walked over like
you're gonna need a Wi-Fi code so
you better know thank you very much dude
you look so dapper you look quite
possibly one of the best drivers ever ed
so thank you very much fun you have a
nice day right time to hello
but I need to check in on my fly and
hopefully not check her back so it's
just like that I am guru security that
was fast next door Brussels and then
after Brussels I have a 11 and a hour
flight to Tokyo this is what eyeball
heaven looks like boys you know what I'm
trying then what we thinking cap or muff
I want your boots your folds a
motorcycle right decided on picking
myself up super drive but it seemed as
though don't tell my sister left all my
syndicate regional hoodies at home I'm a
fool
I know I like my new stealth but he was
there on the side and I forgot to pick
it off because I put on a waterproof
coat not this so just picked up a super
track buddy
and now the next issue is so I need to
spend probably a stupid amount of money
on headphones and I completely forgot I
don't I tell the trouble adapter so this
bad boy will hopefully do the trick mmm
just say China doesn't say Japan
righty-ho next up brussels gate 42 it
cannot look running late so please don't
be delayed otherwise I miss my flight to
Japan hurry - I'm at the very back of
the plane
like 50 minutes to get to my gate which
there's a long period of time but I
don't know how big this air boys beat 11
so be 11 in know I'm on my way those
guys in a car when you need them by the
way I always use them if you like oh no
Tom
the for a disabled me one way they're
not to get you for me to be so honest
they asked him and they're most likely
give you read these guys are day doing
overnight stays
they look comfy and hum pizzas by yeah
what's it called Burger King sandwich
good so I'm upon v11 is this this
actually my gate if it is I didn't have
to trouble fire and chill out listening
to most depressing sunroof plane is a
single story playing it's pretty small
but it's got all the tech and but I mean
have a screen in the USP and that's all
I need time to check this movies I have
I haven't seen parts that Caribbean
Circle yes King after you know that's
like that's all
what else the fate of your peers yes
enough
God's going to absolutely never moments
again if they watch you seeing that I
don't no idea what that is that's really
good
know that handed rights practice son
okay
except like it makes notice all thing
not my show
very excited to get my food
okay this film is still really
really good so you've never seen the
kick-out but started this or whatever it
is
have choice of deep-fried white you
should be brought
I'll get dr. Jones I put to tell you I
have very hair but I don't think I'm
ready quick enough so we'll just guess
this is something tofu made is actually
looks
I saw on us or something no I want a
general
it looks good he goes
that's good
yeah has three said that food was
actually really really good it was like
Prada fish then chicken and rice and
stuff and he was just it was really good
to the point where I'm like I have no
idea what I'm eating I'm gonna get to
Japan no idea I mean meeting even more
of an adventure so Japanese tall guy
busy hookers to try and educate myself
as well as breakfast turn this up a
little waffle some food pocket I think
this combo oh yeah there's scrambled egg
and a funky looking sausage and
and broccoli I'll take it well there's a
pretty like time to try and meet it we
just in the gun and get this trip
started oh my god ago to check the bag
or what about no idea what I'd be doing
right now it's time to try and find Josh
in the gang from razor claws I know some
of your guest was a mystery person that
we'll be hanging with in Japan oh yeah
wait wait a minute is he bumped into
some funds I think so maybe I like how
this is so what's he doing I don't know
like hey are you a youtuber like hey you
don't look Asian can we interview you
and that's why you're here television
interview somebody famous what can be on
every billboard in like two days do you
feel youtube I think they're asking him
about is American diet I think they
expect him to be fat well stereotypes
just in case people are wondering and
ask him did I do it yes I did
I brought runs watch all the way to
Tokyo I'll take it all the way back and
then I feel like because I've been all
the way to LA and now I've been all the
way to Japan I feel like I've
successfully rotated this around the
world for Ron I probably take it down
it's like the South Pole all right you
know Antarctic our North Pole just so
that I've been like North and South but
then I think once I've done that I can
return it to Ron I'm not being put that
looks disgusting you have not tried that
yeah
if we all die yeah so you have to
like me it's our wrong
okay now I've landed in Japan and with
Tooker great stuff and we try with Josh
we're waiting for Travis and a cameraman
and then we've got everyone with us this
this is Tokyo so I'm stoked
but in this vlog here because it's the
new day in Japan because I'm eight hours
ahead so I've got to stop this vlog
start uploading it and hopefully it's a
fun time if it wasn't then you
understand all over the next few days
because I'm in Japan it's difficult
because I might be staying in the middle
of bumfuck nowhere so we'll just wing it
but nonetheless I'll see you guys
tomorrow for a full adventure of being
in Japan and until then thanks watching
