oh yeah like how that clip was
overexposed though so when I was through
the white thing at my dad's white hair
you didn't see it
great great job done good morning kitty
cat oh look to see that Gadsby's doing
his business good little kitty
well I fed you so if you'd like to eat
some of this this slop stuff then go for
it game worried as a little boy went to
learning with my dad as a holiday and
when I went there I had the most
excruciating ear infection ever this
morning and I kind of have that same ear
infection on its way back I leave to
Tokyo tomorrow
no syndicate original office - hey we
agreed actually this is 3.0 because the
first ever time we set up the shop it
was in my mom's house then it was where
it is now and then this is where it's
gonna be in the future but we have
changes coming gonna work them the final
sing what we need to do in this office
is buy next door as well and then knock
through this wall and then there's no
one on the outside wall and I'd turn
that into my office but the internet
faster put a streaming room in it and
the rest of the space could be a stock
area for this and then I can just
livestream all day every day
is it the right thing oh that's always
gonna broke out in today shit the bed
Batman hey is that a smile is that smile
a real quick look at that a bit of a gap
there Ken
been ever okay nope it will put some
sealant around that we'll be setting it
up perfect
this is it you big you're big boys
traveling I love a fish literally going
around the world marijuana yeah it's
open all the way to the west coast of oh
okay with you I'm going all the way to
Japan they always disappoint them
somehow quilt range transition there you
go that's pretty damn sexy better
nowhere in that stealthily if you got
one from syndicate regional calm you
copped a good thing but I'm the temple
cool oh my god Becky pumpkin sir look at
this this woman so don't think I'm
filming her but I'm filming this trees
just look at it oh there's our foe shit
sir about that
hey just a beardy my camera wins anyway
okay this might sound strange but
pumpkin spice lattes in America tastes
well different to the UK whatever got
you a pumpkin spice Lettie helps you
with your work today gonna go to Japan
and say fuck you that's racist Alice
just because you saw like screw lies
give it me give me my give him up giving
me my gift
from when I got a job by the doctor oh
yeah what this was this was my gift why
are you stealing it back give us the me
visit me this is a different huh what
okay you give all you give away hats for
free to Cal but what about me what about
the owner in the company yes there we go
look and then rock it it with the
stellar intercom so now oh yeah wait
that's still available
whoa if you want one of these sitting
original duck what a fuckin what things
actually taking path once right so these
are much I remember getting given that
that's adorable thank you so much is her
name you know no name okay this is all
for me
jacksepticeye what the heck welcome to
Johnson boxing session where the
lighting in this room oh my god it's
just the best in it it looks so bad but
alright
introducing the first buck each which
has Kodak moe
someone send me a Kodak moment wait man
is this a picture with me in it oh oh yo
this guy's have you dude this guy's rock
yo know what he's got all the syndicate
shirts
oh dude I saw it oh listen where's your
name where's your Kodak moments name
wait funnel oh wait a minute this guy
came with everything he's got watches
for Ron epic what pop figures I haven't
got this one thank you so much do I have
this one you have this one this might be
a duplicate I'm not too sure but dude
thank you so much that and let's just do
a shout out to who this hombre ro is
well that easy
didn't his handwriting ever crap oh my
perfect
yo massive shout out to James noble bro
thank you so much that dude 28 from the
northeast of Scotland yeah buddy
oh we got another package that we're
opening right here
how am I not had this one yet the notes
by the way yo massive shout-out to you
ever send me this someone just so they
won't it let me put my pumpkin spice
latte too much all right so whoever sent
me this Sauron you're amazing
and what is this what is this that's
weird
that must affect trilogy I actually have
that someone gave me that a long-ass
time ago something thank you so much for
that book it said it's a video game for
PC I've never actually played it wait
there's a note in here there's actually
two notes in it it's to knows more loft
thank you very much for that dude all
the way from Canadia a man is from
kidding what that guy nah dude what what
game you think stubborn I appreciate
that
dude I need to come back to Canada I
come back to Canada I have to live there
for two months reason why I need to get
my helicopter license it needs to be
done all right guys listen I've kind of
want the helicopter license but I don't
trust myself because of the crash
I got Paris anyone else gonna get it and
to me I got a Jimmy dude I'm having the
biggest collection of teddy glasses I've
got British Scottish there's some else
arms I'm gonna I'm gonna get every
country in the world titty glass and I'm
just gonna be on display oh you
mongoloid
what the hell bus is Amsterdam that's
definitely Jamaican only one shoe okay
go yes seem to know all these are called
really cook off the top your head oh
yeah okay racist oh sure someone I'm
going for seven days I'm traveling on
the same day in Miami sure I'll be fine
I am traveling style
I don't bother taking clean those I just
take new clothes that way I just put
them in the bag and they're easy to be
pack thank you and I have my hat I don't
know honey
some ready everyone if you want to give
them hell make sure you buy some and
soon to get original calm and write a
note on it saying we love you PS we hate
Tom and mom I love you and see you later
okay once that my mom needs to do a
quick shout out some I'm gonna do a link
in description so mom here's your time
on Sunday my partner Darren and I Darren
and I are taking part in the
distinguished gentleman's Rider which is
a worldwide most bike rider in aid of
cross raising funds for prostrate cancer
and
mental health awareness it's very OCD
cause and if everyone could dominate
just one pound we'd raise fortune yes
thank you very linked down in the
description click it and if you're an
awesome person will give some shout okay
we'll give some shout outs to some
people who donate so thank you so much
okay guys that's do it again
garena karat gold edition that's a four
year anniversary kind of celebration
which was only a few weeks ago but 29th
of September this bad boys going on sale
so if you've ever wanted a limit edition
sure what's it what what but once these
guys have gone on sale wants to stop
being sold that's it they're done
forever and you'll never be able to get
one ever again so if you want to be part
of a syndicate original collectors club
now is the time to 12th the 29th of
September is right and how long have you
got to dip it to buy it from the 29 over
the weekend right you got over the
weekend to grab one on the 29th of
September the pre-order begins okay
farewell I'll be the sing goodbye I love
ya
we'll be standing up more I think I can
see the wives cast sticking out just
over there because we go into the movies
and we watching a she is and we're gonna
watch you Kingsman not a sponsored video
so you will not hear me shouting out the
date of the film coming out I know I'm
so good with the angles all right
weekend King tonight at 10:00 10:00
really okay I'm give it a 9.5 just
because like the bit with the plot twist
bit right we start coming back as a bit
like that wasn't necessary but it was
really really good if you want to go and
see it Kingsman movie it was he caught
the ball and so it was out no i don't i
only know Blade Runner liberated 2014 I
was over there no but Kingsman oh my god
I wish he would have paid me to promote
the Kingsmen dick really recommend it
was it better than the first one
nobody was as good as might you know
sequels and all the poop it wasn't as
really good and the storyline was pretty
solid to be fair I did like it so I'm
doing 9.5 action scenes or the first
taxi bit was
right now we're in Nando's so I'm
walkable filming this I'm joined here by
my biggest fan but look on the biggest
centers
this is quite fit oh yeah oh yeah yeah
this is like the perfect last meal I
don't know yesterday was the perfect
last meal before Tokyo this is also a
gentleman I walked lady at to a car now
she's probably gonna run me over looks
like a beat you stalking me I go missing
her name's Lydia go find her
none my wife no no okay Houston we may
have a problem and the problem is I
usually keep the doors locked and why so
tissue just randomly okay that makes no
sense
hey we usually keep the cats locked in
this vicinity so you know they count
like going around the house and we lose
them sort of thing
well this door was like to open there's
no cats in here and now the cats have
the ability to go up there or down there
now I'm pretty sure that door was closed
and the cinema that was closed so that
means there's some kitty cats on the
loose
I think upstairs all right mr. Gadsby
this is your test
now can you walk around the glass but
how do you stood on the glass and plop
hey they always walk to the edge board
was walking on it it doesn't care what
oh hell yeah go on Gadsby he's like that
wasn't difficult at all we kill drug
what were even testing to find out and
I'm hoping that the last time these cats
went into my office they didn't rip to
pieces my insulation well not my
insulation my soundproofing cuz if you
didn't know it didn't see the video they
climbed up it see there and started
scratching it
so I don't have to do it to this okay
come on really that easy
don't worry I'll turn off the lights
sorry to disturb you
well as long as you haven't taken any
poos in here and you just probably
chilling out you're more than welcome to
stay
that is stupid kiddo a loon has already
done this test before but next up on the
test list
is the bastard who's just cut my finger
Larry okay
oh no to make sure I don't actually get
an ear problem Lydia is now but what the
fuck is that
why is that so big it's not the spray
spray openly I pursue it looks like yeah
worked when you put it in the air with
it anything come out oh you screw it on
the walls if actually did your mother
bridge would you do it a little bit no
all right then what do we do back to
lead my extra minute thank God my wife
looks after me to captain crazy man
thanks baby you still love me with a
neck infection
welcome to playing with cats behind a
door
hello
this is terrifying look at look at that
cool ah yeah high five high five
okay what and this is what it looks like
from both sides guna dude no that's got
to be that's noona can't be even gas
bill bread please
would you like a pen take the pen go on
take it
like I didn't shut the door for one day
one day really
oh gosh what didn't know it's just when
I walked in hold your dog and yet again
I almost forgot to out for the vlog this
time little easy vege she's getting out
started about go did you run tomorrow
yeah alright guys I gotta go so makes
you leave like crazy it's got ding dong
that notification Bell so you get all
the video notifications sent to your
description and I will see you guys
tomorrow don't forget check out that
cherry and if you don't know and donate
a penny or a pound to the cars guys
that'd be really grateful so thank you
so much to your faces and I'll see you
guys tomorrow for the next day vlog
hopefully the Japan adventure goes
smoothly and there may be a delay in the
vlog going up on time Justin because of
the time difference but just just deal
with it and we'll be fine so until that
