this is going to be the first time I've
used my Christmas present I don't shoot
ghosts
step one in the slice step two in the
slot step three down the hatch
step 4 that step five five five you can
put yep that's all I get out of 100
which one did I put it I'm actually so
excited with this bag tastes like crap I
just reek your hot chocolate yeah
a caramel hot chocolate for its Osteria
taste test
it smells like caramel taste
no it just tastes like chocolatey water
not a fun you basic ass bitch Dolce
Gusto cap Sheeran and caramel Reno this
is the good stuff right here you want a
hot chocolate you use this but we even
bought it in bulk it's that good
I mean nice is it what do you think of
it was today or attempting to make sushi
we have miso soup so we have that for
starters remember got our rolling mat
we've got our sushi nori roasted seaweed
which goes step steps goes like this
throw it out you put the seaweed down
you put the rice on top which we've got
in the rice cooker look at this roll I
don't know claw much the quite excited
to do this it's trying new things
but he's got the rice ready oh can you
peel your avocado I'm about to lay the
shit down
all right so God she's really stressing
about this peeling of avocado toast I
thought you scrape it out of an avocado
apparently now oh it always rice is
sticky what do you have I'm gonna lay
out a layer of rice on top of it really
- no like five second well yours one for
you put them well so much rice um I
thought that as well well - you want
well this is my sushi and I like rice
there's at least an entire sushi girls
took to them fingers but look I can't
get it off because when I try scrape it
off it keeps getting stuck to the other
finger look at that - to salvage it
looks absolutely solid then what I need
to do is follow the next step which is
power way into it like there I've then
got a port one way out so it's gonna go
cucumber chicken guacamole I'm truly not
convinced that this avocado isn't gone
off because look I thought I've a kind
of a soft butt like this is kind of hard
I'm not exactly sure about that what do
you not resist either I have my ticket
as well right so all I've got to do oh
shit Jon just noticed where they are on
the rolls this way rotate it oh god oh
god it's dry chicken so I'm I'm
flavouring it this is this is a
syndicate or flavors this chicken spicy
syndicate this is a spicy spicy sing
sighs syndicate roll
I think sorry cuz I'm it's my right so
how do I do it you just roll it like
that is how you do it is this how you do
it you didn't watch the YouTube tutorial
did you you've worked mapped you bamboo
mat into it well I was wrong what are
you doing what have you done did you say
something saved it
what am I supposed to do you may never
Jonathan you should join a pause and
watch your video no no hold you think
yeah okay now yeah get rid of your mat
when you yeah now press it in hold it
all in keep your mat um what we're doing
with the mother that keeps it closed
yeah yeah yeah closed hold it oh so
that's about the size of a normal roll
let's go ahead and look at the size of
mine what maybe I just need to trim the
ends off alright show me always done
them Oh yours looks like really
professional and nice and thin yep yeah
I see what you're doing I'm picking up
what you're putting down Oh bit of a
mistake she's struggling you can tell
you've done this before okay
okay how many how many of you managed to
make I meant that many you made them for
small people I made them for men for my
next batter all's oh you better be
impressed laid out a thinner amount of
rice got down some rice pit and seaweed
rice of a crab sticks on a light layer
of soy yep in inside the wrong I think
got some cucumber at the back crab stick
filled with prom
and over like that yeah could be you
start holding with them up really push
it kinda you can put it back in the
matin yeah what can that I don't think
about squeezing all together
yeah and now I've got fresh cut line
marks palm break I think it's safe to
say we did a pretty good job now first
of all this is mine we've got crap I
forgot the name as they're never made
over the Thomas sue role in the middle
with chicken and avocado cucumber we
then got the fish rolls which has got
prawns and rub me in it and just the
record look up that might be perfect
that actually came out really good they
got a bit thin towards the end but don't
worry about it and then I went for a bit
of summon on some rice so I thought that
was a nice little thing but Lydia have
you made Californian roll ever yes very
nice very very nice should try it let's
do this yeah and then the thing that
sucks is that we don't have chopsticks
to eat the sushi with so Lydia came up
with the idea of and enjoyed showing
mine I have barbecue sized chopsticks
which I mean it I am actually gonna eat
my sushi with so don't for a shit
without further ado dip it in my side
looking good alright
that was very fishy very fishy
no no word of a why this is actually
really good
I'm very very impressed with mine these
are the perfect little snack size
whereas this one compared to that one
look at the size difference absolutely
ridiculous however I chase really good
um good
I think it's have to say six anyone I'm
so far look at how much we've got left
I'm already full this was a good haul
but it created jobs to be honest I
didn't think we were gonna have enough
because I used all that rice over the
first time what do you what would you
give yourself our 10 mm hmm mm hmm
oh yeah oh wow yeah oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah when we go to your sushi ins too
fast try mine then okay so this is my
prawn and crab yeah this is one that
went faster she yeah I think you love
actually I think it's really Wow good
job you smacked you four teeth I'm not
gonna fight the score oh it's first unit
told you getting boat we down here what
we're going to well I'm gonna get in mm
that's a pondering face if I've seen one
very pondering be harsh be a critic
break it down don't like the cucumber
was was a bit too fishy 7 why did I lose
marks I was in a 10 out of 10
why do you think it was the fish there's
Chris Nick the prawns
I've already tried yours and I'll give
you a 10 fuckin sushi was good fun
eating sushi we grateful but cleaning up
after sushi not so fun yes it's time to
feed Steve so even Steve some greens I
don't know what's got on his nose while
getting some greens and some fresh water
no he took my friend get fit yeah hey
what are you doing what what what are
you actually doing seriously Stevie okay
Steve looks fine chocolate ball out you
come you fucking idiot of a cat oh my
god you're full Sun get it oh yeah mate
sorry about that dude that's cause a
bloody door you look like the naughtiest
cat in the world
I can't believe you managed to get in
there how many months are you've been
trying to do that and I've stopped you
from doing and I bloody caught you the
crazy thing is I was about to just go
upstairs and start streaming if I were
to done that I never never wouldn't
would have known the cat was in there
and like but the cat and Steve like gasp
okay gasping Steve like get along
sometimes but sometimes they like drop a
fight
so like it could what are you doing hi
what are you what are you doing we even
Malone Jesus maybe want to see not could
have killed Steve like no joke going
wrong like I keep saying like God
soubise a really friendly cat he is but
like it's a cat it'll just heat play
fight in a key play fine okay play
fighting it's a point where I'll bloody
kill Steve and then below it was not
moving I go so go some board now and
walk away but thank God I know is that I
want to know what is that man I could
have been some trouble right there oh we
paints a fortnight we've been making
sushi today and now replace the phone I
look at this height look at this height
wall
look everyone oh well and people giving
me a bit of rips cuz kind of just lost
my gameboy
look at that PNF oh right so this is a
bit of a change of plans now for the
night I was just streaming and
Lydia's grandma has been a rush to than
ambulance to hospital she's she's she's
over all the woman she's like 90 plus
years old I couldn't tell you exactly
what's wrong with her right now they're
waiting for the doctors to speak to him
stuff but Lydia's all the way to sell
for the hospital with her sisters and a
mom and they don't know how long they're
gonna be so I'm going over there now to
be with them and then I'll be like
Lydia's drive home as well but I'm
taking him some snacks and stuff like
that so whilst the waiting but yeah they
said that grandma just was trying to
talk but couldn't put together like a
full sentence was like slurring her
words almost and it just wasn't making
my Inglot like full English sense so
they kept trying her and she just got
worse and worse and worse so they rung
in an ambulance rushed her to us Paul so
that's where I'm going now so positive
vibes man I made it I don't think I've
ever been to this hospital before either
I have with my sister when she broke her
back but I have no idea where I am
where the ward is or anything so I'm his
own post Salford royal emergency
department hope okay now I need to find
out what Lydia's 91 years old and she is
MMA fighting her way out of the bed like
legit within the 20 minutes I was there
oh my god she went she went from just
I've been just so like kind of out of it
on the bed - then like punching your mom
in the face which is it you're all
laughing at that she was like proper
sweet kid for a moment stuff like that
in a nice way
honest to god I say this to you I've
never seen someone like so like fire
absolute fire sorry what my granddad and
it you said life is too short month long
in that case oh that suits you mate we
made this was so filling what was that
drink you've got Lydia where where where
are we right now
nearly three o'clock in the morning yes
yes no yes no yes yes so with the
positive vibes Lydia's grandma went in
and was just really down in house I
think she couldn't talk she wasn't
really moving was like really bad
probably put her on her IV drip and
everything she's really like picked up a
lot and they've taken off the emergency
ward important just a normal ward now so
it's all looking good but you know at
the same time she's a really really old
woman so it's a really difficult
situation to be honest and they said
like we can't give you grandma
like because she keeps fidgeting could
you keep fidgeting it's like listen we
can give us a bit to like relax her and
then we can scan her till I see what's
going on whether it's kind of head bore
the thing is that the medicine that we
might give her may just like poetess
leave too much that she could pass away
while she's like in that sort of light
state so that would be all decided not
to go ahead with that I'm just like what
kind of nature take its course but she's
fighting she's fighting fair she's
rocking and rolling and she's that she's
a true champion like I said it would
mean Lydia met like a year ago
almost a year now and we first got
talking we actually thought Graham I was
gonna pass away like it was really sad
like I was like driving him around like
like you know they were off to the
hospital all the time with her and stuff
like that I passed away it was like so
fucking sad and I was like a year later
this is going on again so the fact that
it's been a whole year since that crazy
so it might be another whole year until
she has an active visit to the hospital
and she's still absolutely fine as well
but I've gotta wrap up today's vlog you
guys I hope you've enjoyed it if you
have to make sure you leave a like rain
subscribe and uh that sounds weird and I
sing with the light great enough to talk
about like what happened to the end of
the day but like I say positive vibes
around there life is too short you gotta
make the most of it from sushi to to
just absolutely family chaos is you know
what happens in the - Tom really so I'll
see you guys tomorrow 6:00 p.m. for the
next daily vlog all 6 p.m.
I think when you start saying 6 p.m. ish
I think that's a fair I think that's a
fair thing to say we're gonna start
saying from now on 6 p.m. ish but yeah
I'll be streaming on Twitch so guys
donal in description link will be there
twitch that TV photo syndicate can be
streaming from oh I'm out streaming like
10 o'clock tonight because I'm going see
and ready player one and I cannot wait
we're going to you
screening of it so I'm gonna go much
love follow me on to our a pro Center
care not just tweet out if I'm streaming
or not but I have to go now have to get
the vlog edited and uploaded and I'll
catch you guys later all right which
love telling us
