you are under arrest for stealing cats
with the glasses you can have 100 and no
scratching my head just like I was like
a cat just like yeah it was so nice I
did not want to start just like this he
just felt so good so now I'm officially
lubed up again like a snail yeah
dim sums busy
and Libya's in there somewhere trying to
get a ticket to see how long it's gonna
take but I don't think we're gonna be
staying here why do I bring us to the
busiest places a visitor
look how busy this place is huge and
there's like half an hour wait or
something I don't know if we're gonna be
in here or not I cried what's this
Kirsten Christian bun yeah I thought it
was gonna be me in here you just walk
around and offer it here it's pretty
sick Ron Zoe okay let's try this smells
good
do you think we should be eating this
for dessert though whatever treating
ourselves Oh
meat in a book meeting a book okay
look at it yeah weird ah oh yeah what is
that what's in it what is it yeah me in
what
well sticky you see this looked nice in
a package with them when you unwrap it
it's docked together yeah way way too
much stuff
how did you do this please
and and we still got a whole party
degree and I could go
oh my god welcome to Lydia's picnic
where she is boxing a haul of the food
below my guides the maja go and whatever
the heck that is
I'm walking out there so god damn full
and with an entire likes a half of a
meal in the bag me it only cost us 21
quid like what the hell that place is
crazy - this is a message for cow - you
know I love you like a brother do you
know I know you like your footballs but
look at that shit Football Club right
there look at it gosh oh shit shit shit
shit love you
No
why is it to get points for that
horrifying 30 quid Cuervos pay it web
hours in Manchester oh you got a warning
not in that - apparently I'm hoping I
don't got three points true for just
going past a camera a second ago I did
speed firstly I just changed lanes fast
light to get how are we doing trouble
would give it is do you've been running
around streaking gotta stop that I'd
like to consider hiring your mother as a
model person to get original are you
okay with this definitely oh yeah
Oh working pose it Oh woman it God
gangsta signs throw up yeah oh you're
sewing you're hired
yeah I'm gonna need that back what a
privilege hello look at your eyes okay I
don't mean to spook you I'll oh dude he
would so get along with Theo it's like
the same cat in it but this is just a
wife there's nothing black one oh look
at that boom one scratching oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah this is it we've got we got
the cats shitting in the house and now
there's the reminiscence of last week
and here's this week's right outside my
house
yeah we have to spray shit creek fucking
well I just walked in my written Seng
this look down and saw all these pieces
on the ground and I'm like oh god no
that can only mean one thing and the
cats have savaged it to pieces so I
don't have to take this piece off and
replace with the new piece and then make
sure I keep the cats out of my office
dammit
she's getting ready she's gay I don't I
don't know she's a woman how are you
gonna be she said - she said two minutes
you look very smart granddad yeah well
yes two minutes in woman's terms means
five davia Slee and then alice is gonna
see this what advice do you have birth
to be on time she's always you know it
why you giving me looks I'm here on time
are gonna used late to everything
Morales
would you meet no notes about I'm not
sure okay I'll take I'm not so much
I got shouted after wearing my hat at
the table so I'm using my granddad's
coal I don't like him ya know most
people wouldn't say that I got shouted
out for wearing a hat at the dinner
table so Lydia's doing my hair what are
you doing to it what are you doing I
look like this is Tom in full potato
mode look at me
grandad do I look better now
duh look better like a German look at
what you like a square in a basket I did
say what like Hitler granddad what that
that looks like some of noodles with
Smurfs whatever and the very start a
chicken chicken okay there's my scallops
Lidia looks like she is one you look
like you've worn the starter selection
Lobster and fraud in a park you just got
some bit down stupid but I'm sorry that
was assault
that's okay how good at it how good are
they good good there's no way is she in
a meal without spilling it so is your
napkin on your foot and unique and you
down with a little bit what's this thing
clean the table from Bjorn Alison very
proudly love them you can have a raised
it syndicate regional now since I seen
your video you complain in your bathtub
hey Carl where'd you get that hat
give us a thumbs up guys who are you
doing thumbs up granite and just like
that do you
are you excited excited when was the
last time you've ever been to London
years ago did the London Eye exist back
then no no
so the my granddad at a half we're gonna
walk around London but nine hours my
granddad we're gonna go down in the
morning come back at night and guess
who's coming with us are you excited are
you excited quit getting be a secretly
it's so happy I was like I'm not going I
don't want to go I'm not doing it and I
went I booked the tickets news on ok
let's go where are you going hey hey
who's ready for a trip to London can't
believe it's happening I was like
booking the tickets on my phone he was
like I'm not doing it I don't want to go
and then I was like I bought the tickets
in it look at it so excited
the a lot is gonna be yours 3 in London
lost big day Rashaad lost alone
Adventure hey you can have a few drinks
do babbies oh yeah cows recovering but
he's taking his time out and some time
with garden then didn't it literally lid
and away she blows she blows she blows I
love him to pieces
oh whoa look at that
whoa listen to the engine Jesus granddad
that was a very nice it's time to go
back in do an hour of Minecraft
streaming and then cuddle with this one
push gate oh we broke it
what the hell insane Alex subscribe for
forty three months in a row what the
heck what are you doing yeah tacking
every single wire whilst I'm streaming
minecraft what the heck am i doing sugar
minecraft I don't know just felt like it
this is my cat yeah again following my
mouse on my screen I've just finished
streaming minecraft for three hours it's
like nearly midnight I bought like I
cannot I cannot actually believe that I
strained it for three goddamn hours look
at this cat what is this she's adorable
thing in the world apart from when she's
attacking my mouse she eats the cable
and I just want to punch it with a
lovely kiss isn't that right come on
bedtime come on now I know it dad looks
like a potato do you want to go to bed
yes do you want to poo on that sofa no
good girl alright to a computer at all
things gonna happen she can now see the
spinning show you down similar she's
freaking out I know still there she
still see the mouse on the screen he
just looked under the screen to see if
she could see it plays adorable after a
three hour livestream I'm finally in bed
I hope the cats have been pissed
anywhere and I'm not going to show the
work was the wife's in bed but for the
record you know yesterday when I smash
the garlic paste at any point did I
force you to clean that up yeah I did
just tell this a second ago but people
in yesterday's vlog could like listen I
understand like the way things can be
filmed can look a bit odd but like
there's no way I'd force anyone to do
anything at all like no way but people
in the vlog yesterday like the comments
were I bought so many people cuz were
like fuck you Tommy you disgraced I like
mankind and being a man in general and
stuff are like what
and their comment all the way just came
down to the fact that Lydia was cleaning
up the Gallic pace when she offered to
and I was like happily gonna help clean
it up myself but she she you heard me
smash it didn't hear she heard me smash
it she was like what if you don't I was
like nothing nothing and then you came
downstairs I was like birth dude and
then she started smash the guy based I
never force Lydia to do anything around
this household and people just need to
take a step back when they get on this
super high horse of thinking they
understand the full situation I film a
lot of my day but not every conversation
not everything so a lot of stuff can get
taken out of context so you can calm
down it's okay
I'm not a slave driver I think yeah I
was peeping up the glass thank you I
what was doing yeah no you're good
the massage good how are you but anyway
we're going to bed now so just people
who like look at things in the vlog and
just take it a bit too far
just relax calm down everything's okay
it's clearly mo like mostly people who
are just new around here who truly don't
know me you just need to chill out and
everything will be okay so anyway thanks
for watching I know this was a long
outro but I'm gonna go now the cats are
probably no noise until we wake up in
the morning and that's pretty much that
so thanks watching much love
