Hey fie foe fum I smell the bum of a cat
ugh good morning cats following up the
bed now goodbye new da new day let's
start this day my day with a little bit
of facts of Vsauce much love to Michael
here I think he's just such a beautiful
man I played pop G came xx with six
girls and now I died so new day new dog
let's go oh got a package honestly this
has not just been laying there I
accepted this morning I have to unpack
all those pop figures yeah I'll get
around to it eventually but this is a
package I want to get off razor this
isn't an ad this is indeed what you
could pass is sponsored if it is from me
because I'm sponsored by them so this is
a video sponsored book if I'm sponsored
from six years ago exactly not nothing
in every single Dave my life I have to
say I was bothered by razor let's see
what the hell you sent me off oh yeah
it's just simple because this isn't out
yet but this is a brand new razor
microphone that they're releasing oh my
god does that look pretty this
destination of the day pets at home cats
need food oh for God's sake we've
released a whole new line of cat toys
this is my life right now I'm gonna have
to get one problem it may look cloudy
out today right oh boy he's actually a
really nice day I got the cat some food
and I got Steve sim as well so don't
think he's dead
or I forgot about him I still love him
and I still feed him no basic bitch
but I had to what a latte so I got on
with vanilla if you went to Starbucks or
coffee shop what ring do you get comment
down below you know what I think one day
I'm gonna try one of your guys
suggestions like a Rock'em mock of
vanilla iced tea Wario Perry sent me
though upon his tongue we look your bed
welcome to the club full disclosure not
a sponsored video did not know this was
here so
lore'l the helstem among some stuff and
my sister follows Eibach sheffster 6000
polish just say just saying l'oreal that
i now do you have a wife as well to say
lore'l really appreciate i have two cows
in case you cap anyway is this gonna be
an insult joke Oh barb o'clock not sure
what that is I use that on the back that
is a fabulous man okay face be face
anybody with a real beard will be
laughing right now yeah I know like all
the pictures show dudes with big bids
that I don't have that short bid and
face moisturizer so this is what I'm
gonna need
I'm gonna stop moisturizing my big hmm
again not sponsored this one almost
wants for Carl long beard and skin oil
yeah that's definitely what I look like
there compared to what car looks like
there so ok that's nice that's nice what
is this what is this big face and hair
wash gentle cleansers remove beard
flakes something's big it's not it's not
it's not fabulous cool oh that's nice oh
oh wait wait this no this is all for
people with big bids I think that's the
Trans Am oh yeah
what is this beard and hair styling
cream yeah it's gonna say don't think
I'm gonna be able to get this going and
by the way L'Oreal do you have any bald
spot remover because if you look on my
chin when it grows
unless unless you've got sharpener you
want to send me a shadow a sharpie sorry
send me send me brown Shafi we'll talk
what Laurie oh thank you very much that
that's very nice of you
I was a very unexpected gift if people
actually want to tweet at Laurie or men
and say thank you for upsetting Tom in
making him know that he's not actually a
man with the true beard then you go
ahead and do it not sponsored mom what
do you think about that
hashtag nod hashtag not sponsored don't
say that some shaving off in November
no-shave November got to start fresh
this is a employee survey okay mom what
do you rate the working conditions out
current I would say don't lie for the
camera this is this this is Alice's
heating situation that she's got only
office look at this particularly clean
so Alex what would you do
would you the working conditions six out
of ten what about job satisfaction do
you like being able to go home and
switch off at the end of the day she has
to work full time tell me your concerns
about working at the company what what's
your biggest pet peeve apart from month
what what is your biggest pet for you
okay keep that once that I'll stop any
page supposed to be a one-word okay
anyway this is a boss interview with an
employee you'll come next all right
Alice Alice if you could hire you ready
you we have to hire new employees
theoretically I'll just hire a new
employee anyway anyone we know we have
to hire them who would you hire known
into not just topic
no not you guys that will you know
anyone a month I'm gonna show you the
same question even though your head is
hidden by this L'Oreal sponsored product
not sponsored it's actually not
sponsored but mom what who would you
have as an employee if you could have
that any anyone today about The
Apprentice about this is great but don't
take one for answering questions with
Anik leave a comment down below with a
deck but the record I'm not gonna watch
these clips but I'm gonna put the camera
in here and a chair in here and this is
gonna be like what's it called candy no
what's it called like truce in the
workplace where they go I hate my job
documentary so enjoy Alice's statement
and we'll go out the room and not be
able to hear it you get it give yourself
about 30 seconds hi great employee
you bring Starbucks all the time brings
me five guys it's dead God I mean it's
really cold in here there's no heating
it's not great but he doesn't pay me
enough and he works me too hard that's
the truth next employee is gonna be
Karen Karen can you please step forward
to the chair
please please come and sit down we want
you to give your opinion on me as a boss
I don't want to hear what you have I
want you to press this red button and
then you have 30 seconds
Thomas a boss is great because you know
the checks to make sure we're in work on
time in fact I don't think he even knows
if we come to work five days a week
hey ho my only concerns are the tea
should have more involvement in the
business make decisions more quickly and
come up with some ideas of his own the
air brained ideas he does come up with a
usually completely rubbish thank you
that was my turn how old my name is Tom
I'm the boss of syndicate original and
I'd like to say that word oh shit
they must jump lien and make t1d toast
sent me a Predator pop vinyl and a
captain jump rice however I do actually
have both of these already Jem is in
Gemma by the way sorry hello Tom Lydia
g'loona regards me Alice Karl mommy
syndicate and Ken and everyone else we
have forgot peas turn over okay I did
read it off however I do have food on my
face I do actually have them pop figures
so today what I'm gonna be setting up is
an eBay page to be able to auction off
to charity the pop figures that I've
already got duplicates offer and then
all the morning operates on that is
gonna be Menominee in partly to motor
neuron disease and cancer research
because there's some there's some things
that I've got set aside to auction off
for the money that we're gonna raise for
Alec because what we're trying by with
that is a gaming like thing to push
around in the hospital ward that Alec
was actually based in so I mean we said
that page up soon
soon as I set it up I'll probably option
off one pop vinyl a day and will every
pop vinyl we've got we're gonna have a
syndicate poster that I'm gonna hand
sign and write maybe write a little note
on it or something to your face so and
then you'll be able to bid on it on eBay
so whether we make a penny a pound ten
pound one hundred pounds on one then
that'd be pretty cool so I'll probably
give away one of my actual pop figures
that I've already got that I haven't got
multiples of but it'll be like a rare
one so it'll be worse it'd be worth more
I suppose well yes that's what I'm gonna
be doing with duplicates so thank you
very much father pop vinyls I appreciate
you guys we'll be back with the new
laptop the mom series though she's using
a razor blade laptop to do everything
with oh yeah you can one good lobster
come with me one good yeah you look like
a bum you look like a you look like a
woman in drag not a man in drag a woman
in drag try too hard try to add in life
you know your your piece of shit sorry
oh I thought you get run over by a car
now joining carries Pacey world but my
mom's new laptop my mom's motherboard
went on our previous laptops over Ganga
a new one laptop shopping for my mum she
doesn't want a big one she wants a small
one she could she does like Twitter
screen but she doesn't need it I said
this one's perfect small lightweight
thought it's 500 quid looking at more
budget yes for cheapskates in cynic
original don't judge how much is that
one Oh screen touch snark doesn't want
touch screen to me
oh we broke it no it's not touch the
screen that nice laptop though it small
feels good I like it I like it nothing
wrong with a successful walked out
without one how many failed the mission
one job to find it and we didn't get it
I'm leaving the bay behind I'm getting
it's super valeted and oh god oh my
Mercedes finally after all this time
getting it valid on the inside because
it's just absolutely filthy I've dressed
about that latter so I'm gonna go get
that cleaned and then in about an hour
we up seven full body massage
oh she's full for like two weeks oh dude
she's for quite two weeks I'm like
absolute disgrace well we gained a new
employee
this is Jackie this is this is cows
mum's best friend yeah there you go
and I've gained another cheese toastie
thanks mom I love you I think I can see
the bay they're looking on nice very
reason however I do have to ask how the
hell did to clean it to a spiderweb
there it completely ended this place Oh
God you hear that running around not
what I want to hear what I'm getting a
massage give us a twirl okay just go
more from their teachers office what it
is finishing work I just thought when
terrorize them once they finished three
teachers I think we know what it was I
never got I'd never got a head teacher
once I stole my wife who caged you kooky
why I'll be right back I know I feel
like a brothel I know I brothel the
smells like what I just smell like
you're rubbing oil
mmm potent look at Toms booty look at
town's booty that means one thing we're
going joining Tom McCallum put some food
look at it oh wait let's see if he
scratch these wheels yeah how's he doing
it has he done it as he don't know what
a good large Oh beautiful oh my God look
at that millionaires bubble gum
milkshake meanwhile you've got baby sick
and a cop do you like that Tom did you
like the big bump you like it because
I've got a double dinner date again that
is a good rate milkshake we got some
chicken on cheese on chips ok punch-ups
hairy wings chips chips airfares
milkshake
Oh
yeah
that's the hop because he lost because I
am fast you have to if you have to blink
topknot you have to lick my fingers
I got these eleven stuck in the teeth
today's good mood is sponsored by cake
yeah but nothing crazy don't panic
put me and Lydia just chill into that
with the cars so this may be the end of
today's vlog maybe few cap clips put
your to let you guys know we're just
kicking back for the rest of now it's
like 8 o'clock now so don't expect the
rest of this vlog to be epic
you know why but actually it's because
we're watching Mary Poppins so just yeah
get on our level okay get on it
sorry I got steve-o I'm pretty sure he's
burped on me it's just him being like a
dirt oh so what did he with me repeat
allergic to cats or something I think
he's actually trying I think he's just
trying to get to sleep I'm gonna put him
to sleep oh my god you wanted to see or
hear is sneeze it was like I just get
carried away we'd like the house and the
cats and stuff so - oh I see meanwhile
this guy is groveling yeah that's right
aunt yeah you're looking busted
if you wonder what I'm calling the
busted it literally I don't wear my bed
with my feet oh I sorry Mike at the
bottom of bed turn around face of TV and
then pissed on the bed
so we've grounded him Dutch shouted at
him and grounded him downstairs but now
look at him when I walk off straight
away he's back behind me no you stay
away you ground you're in grounded mode
nope
I told you you grounded stop following
me
but now because you're grounded your
sister isn't happy because your sister
wants to play with you and look at her
right there no keeping you separated
you'll ground it down here for the night
