what time is it going that what time is
it two o'clock you joking what time is
it quarter to five and I'm only just
starting today I'm holding our bed yeah
yeah I know I'm a disappointment this is
the new office it's not a shop so it's
not for people to go and buy stuff or
anything my buddy
it's just an office so they sell things
no no so that this is the syndicate
original HQ 2.0 and there's only one
other place they can be
yep I thought so hiding underneath the
cushions hello that oh yeah so this is
Gadsby little cutie peg no don't scratch
this chairs and that one's Luna on the
chair I'll use it if you like you
up in the air he tries jumping for it
sort of thing
Oh way up Luna wants some of this which
one's your favorite Oh correct answer
grandad goodbye thank you forget getting
out my car and not farting for once you
usually do that you cheeky git I've got
a feeling my internet has broken I just
tried starting a live stream and it
didn't work I don't hang my computer why
is this guy getting progressively closer
what the heck my name is Tom and I
usually play used to maybe play video
games for a living I thought my internet
was bad enough
trying to play online it turns out the
reason why I'm struggling is because I'm
not even playing on an EU server I'm
playing against Asians holy right
we're doing it we're gonna get it done
we're gonna try and make salt and pepper
chicken with Lydia's uncle's secret
recipe now he did say we need a specific
sauce which we don't have bought all we
need is it garlic garlic we need God do
know everything else that we need
chicken breasts cheetah breasts
don't say that
after great start she says small
mortgage later might actually make some
food what we really should have done is
I should have had one half of the
kitchen you had the other and we should
have both made our own versions although
chicken a chicken off hell no this is it
this is a team effort you know chicken
wings oh we're being overtaken one job
is to heat up a pan with oil in it
sounds easy enough
you've got the pond flour what's your
job cook cut the chicken that's AG is
the milk you know okay and then you
can't wallow in it what we're doing
oh yeah I hope this doesn't get volatile
and then burn down the house no fire
blanket we got we're gonna get the cats
blanket cover it in water and then we
should be good I think yeah yeah sure I
got this so my job is to take a piece of
chicken like that's like six piece of
chicken take piece chicken put it in the
flour like this and put it like that and
grab another piece like that put it in
it like well everything in this house
will be on the night explodes
wait what you not really confident Danny
Heeley cat what are you doing Cat Cat
were you doing kitty cat if you're here
where's your sister
ah there's just as to what she doin what
she doin looking suspicious like that
what'd she do with looking enemy and I
thought you guys were gonna at least
fight or something
you guys like boring YouTube content
please chopping the peppers looking good
looking good
I'm not coming
actually going up or whatever anyway on
to the good stuff
oh it's boiling nice and fresh look I
say fresh I think that's the right word
let's take a look at how they're coming
out oh these are great
look at that that's the good good right
there holy crap
I'm actually really impressed just to
clarify I've not been beat in the Europe
if she starts crying it's because of the
onion all right exposed kitty cats what
are you doing oh you're doing are you
doing are you doing what you doing what
you doing what you doing what is it I
love you you know
Oh vital steps secret ingredient he a
secret ingredient done by the way Dave
if you're watching this look at how much
mess we made
I can't squeeze this in
no squeeze it just needs scraping off Oh
taking out the chicken from the time oh
that's right yes you can do it oh yes
I'm actually really all that is actually
looking nice and juicy
so we're doing a wet attempt at sawn
pepper chicken this is what Dave does so
we're gonna try and do that book they
cook the chicken a bit too what well
wing it you'll be fine that looked
amazing
no it's just like that right - the big
green parts and a red part that looks
exactly how he does it that looks good
oh it smells that smells so good oh my
god okay smells amazing should we check
it's cooked
even though it's crunchy it adds to it
alright Lucy what do my young padawan
Dave thank you so much man
you taught was the way these two are
absolutely tearing into each other okay
one of them will bite each other on the
neck and then look there it is it's wah
let's go let's go you know you could
just be friends and I play with a toy or
something rather than gouging each of
his eyes out but who am I to say you
know not not just you two Hey listen I'm
gonna come over now hey kids kids dad's
here I know I know I know I know I know
Oh for god sake no but we put a bit of
water on it
what and the cats are ripping about the
cat cat watch while it's cooking the
cats are fighting one another
underneath the curtain for the ball oh
we don't would let the plain tennis with
a curtain isn't what we've got the sauce
getting ready we're gonna reuse this
stuff because it's absolutely fine
because we don't take a look let's take
a look
oh yeah magic powder oh yeah garlic
you're on the galley where's he gonna
 we're gonna left ah oh wait no we
have one piece one piece of garlic if we
get food poisoning of this second batch
if you blame on me yeah how are you
gonna know whether it is not the first
batch I the second batch so I'm sure
it's quite minutes an uncooked chicken
our salmon are you
show yourself I think as of this second
we're okay now it looks a bit drier than
last batch I just want to know if you
can do the quickie job as well as I did
oh no you do know that the the the the
wetness of it comes in the flicking one
two that's pretty good yay yeah oh come
on it wasn't cool for your job yeah we
couldn't to change restaurant and we
could call it Cindy's that's well sponge
I think it's got less corn flour on as
well so I think that's better I don't
cook there but not you know you're not
gonna do that have you I was gonna say
if you gon come for cuddles over you
come for food you know know you know you
know yeah run away you know you're not
allowed I don't know what I'm gonna be
like when I get get kids by kids
god damn successful night that was to
get everything rocking and rolling just
simply because Lydia's school got
inspected today and so I had to wait for
it to get finished with all that part
tonight has gone so well we cook stomp
everything together it came out well
well better than expected I would say we
didn't make too much of a mess but I
kind of did so you know what you live
and you learn from it
I didn't end the vlog yet okay let's get
really comfy and do the blog outro so
what did you give your something Pro 10
what you're gonna get you only give it
an 8 by 5 yeah I gave it I gave it a 10
but if I have to
I give it a 9.5 because he's always room
for improvement on some opportunities
but as was so good okay I'll give it a
4/5 anyway good on this vlog here so
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a thumb up set up a like
rating subscribe ding dong that
notification about and we will see you
tomorrow for the next day log we aren't
going down to London this weekend so
there's that so until then thanks for
watching and a softie
