good morning little Luna how you doing
isn't that cute little nicely I think I
can save my cats eat me used to being
home right now because all last night
they just couldn't look upon me until
this morning when if you know is this
one cut there and I'm missing another
cat because the other cat went into here
and pooped but you see all that like
litter stuff
it must have aimed its bum right on the
edge it pooped out of the litter tray by
accident and then the poor cat thinks
I'm gonna shout with it shout at him and
he's hiding underneath the bed it's okay
cuz I'm so inspired by your being such a
big big monster lion this morning was
everywhere the syndic original washer
don't win can you roll now ma'am oh wow
she was just egg please stop the cat's
first look of adventuring outside Gatsby
wants to do it but he's too scared of my
daddy this in his jacket today it's
happening we're doing it today list of
things to do house cleanse aka purge the
house get my bike charged do my pot
burgers charity page for eBay helmet
video I think we have to do that
tomorrow
ring Tim and white I always love Lydia
house cleanse what does it mean alright
I've lived in this house like three
years or over three years you don't you
start moving into asking you have
nothing and then over time you gain
things and you gain things and you gain
things so when you go in cupboards yo
what the hell is this okay
what the hell is this what is this I
don't you want to know what it is it's a
cheese cutting set so that can stay in
there bought half of these goddamn mugs
I'm pretty sure belong to this guy then
you take your bully work in cups and you
get rid of them all so dad when are we
gonna fix the ceiling oh boy I tried
getting my house clean I tried that's
rise it Oh get out of here you said it
with my granddad this is a series of
events right so not only as monarch add
these pumps down it canceled all these
flights in the UK like hundred thousand
flights and these one of them but my
neighbor next door
she's like a knight tall you're a woman
and she was getting a toy it delivered
right and the guy who delivered the
toilet in a van perhaps outside dropped
off the toilet came back outside any
zeebad had gone
so one nicked his bun so like 10 o'clock
in the morning I don't know if anyone's
seen anything we're gonna check our
cameras just to make sure if we can help
out or not bought that's a very
particular robbery what you're gonna
dick I've added toilets some of these
shoes of Go Go I've not wore any of them
up there
or any of them there in about three
years so I think it's time to go ECS I'm
sorry but I love you
wait what it was oh damn it
Oh strange oh okay that's a big Hospital
outside my house Jesus Christ I'm
complaining about my castle because I
think like this is my house is my 92
year old neighbor there dude apparently
pulled up here went and dropped the
toilet off came back outside to get his
band and it had gone but poorly my
friends you chose poorly
look at that you doing tell me I saw the
windows get an attack from a distance
shut your mouth you ride in at 4 o'clock
be a good dad and charge your GoPro for
me I don't know where mine is
thanks being a great dad oh we back on
it we back out here in the streets yes I
do look like a potato with these glasses
I should probably invest in my own but
we got tongue lad look at the size of
your backpack you're like you you like
you're carrying a small child but no
GoPro today guys I have no idea where is
it wasn't charged up so where if someone
crashes and logged ever on camera I'm
sorry
but what we do have is Tom popping a
wheelie gone gone oh look at him go look
at him go look at him go on demand
wheelies under up under mine crushing
realism alright
not even kitchen
so this is called the who named this
alright anyway the voice kind of clean
going into this get ready for help
to be pudding
oh I see so I threw a fucking flew down
brother oh yeah you couldn't be sad Lane
like what's that singing oh
father there's a thornbush in my hands
yeah everyone else got ambushed luckily
and then damn good that wasn't oh yeah
how'd you get punch your own voice
was it expecting that route but you know
if we all managed to make it out of that
without punches that would be impressive
going straight to a farm Bush yeah this
looks hella dangerous
let's look missed it now we're up again
BAM got so many nice things on my legs a
pouch fucking Pete Tong shit that's only
your busted you are busted
you're a Jon Snow bastard
and we're good all right yeah yeah
careful shit the hands nah he's cool
no it's not that you joking I got me I
guarantee that's nice
yeah he's cool don't wait to see his
face if it is you sure you've been
drinking
thank you for drinking this is just so
tranquil and nice I'm loving this I do
this right every single day oh damn
probably not made by beavers but
whatever I lost Tony he's in the bushes
I also feel like I'm in Star Wars that
degenerate did to turn a speedster what
are we going which way this way I don't
think so baby
it was attached to the tree it was like
it was took a bit I thought a walker
left it behind this over this one to
find him like that stone coat thank you
did you really come out with somebody I
didn't know the cult come out nobody
heard me back where it's on the bloody
further than 33 well then they are you a
bull I'm not risking you now let's be
friends look at you I'm gonna name you
Ali
oh wait oh you're the bolt okay got it
is this even real right now look how
beautiful this is Jesus now that that
would you look
hey man stop pick up where did you get a
half right
I wanna buy right I'm filthy I'm
healthier than ghandi's flipflop
what it I'm full of bramble scratches
and everything look at you off are you
okay Oh could you
oh shoot you where'd you get that hat
dad where'd you get that hot where'd you
get that hat ken hey Ken we're together
huh who's this mr. mime
well then where do you get this jumper
dude well look at that jumper
well good always branding punch wise I
got prepared be prepared to scouts honor
scout scouts honor wow wow look at his
long johns
I'm putting you on the spot what would
you do right if all electricity and
power went out now for the rest of the
life what's your plan what's your plan
do not watch Bear Grylls yeah it's
frustrating and they drink their own
piss so that's also comfortable do
alright I say do you have a strategy in
place do you have what do you have a
water so do you have an emergency supply
at your house like a hundred days with
water and food and no I mean everything
I mean I mean like a strategy done have
you got strategy you just go to ground
what does that mean I just do what all
right
clip got interrupted because Tom
McCallum rang me so we'll see what Tom
mccollins got to show us you'll go to
know why on your go to ground I'll go to
ground what you did when I was a boy
scout
yeah can you make a fiery sticks now if
you say yes okay I was gonna say if you
say yes I'm gonna have to make you do it
I'm gonna breeze out of the stick what
if it's not sunny think about that did
you think oh that's good go on where
would you get water from see really is
there a local one are you gonna make a
fire okay I'm gonna make it I don't know
the rest of the words I've been thinking
about it and I'm very tempted to rip up
my garden and put an underground bunker
below it I seen it a youtuber called
Colin Furze do it and he's got a
doomsday bunker in his garden and build
it but don't use it for anything apart
from like storage and put a year's
supply of food and water in it
wait dad thoughts an opinion trumple
soon saw that 100 old Trump's soon saw
that oh because we're gonna get new yeah
gonna send a little racket man sending a
new to the the Yanks I'll give you a
cheaper option show what coming might
come for them with me Oh what if you run
out of fuel no just base camp ok I
actually think about it I'm actually
gonna work on I think this week going by
in at least a hundred days worth of
rations water food gas tanks army ration
Russians
I honestly think I'm doing and you know
what the first person I drink over there
my dad oh I've got no phone
the first person had pigeon signal over
there my dad would be Shaun Murray Shaun
Murray can survive off the land he wants
it was on a walk my dad anyone's whipped
out a penknife right give it like this
Shaun is the guy with one arm at all
that's a super cool guy he went like
this pull that up ed now who's one arm I
went through it a pheasant on this walk
and it killed it and did he eat raw no
bitching set up and give it me and I
carried it all that's nice so yeah I
think I think I might make I'm gonna
start planning my what if the world ends
strategy one this week
you can't make this up you can't make
this or Sean oh no right Sean Murray
Sean Murray I just said if the world
comes to an apocalyptic end and I need
to survive off the wand the first
measure will do it it could survive
anything do not to make fire yes it
stinks yes easy as we need we need we
need fire walk fuck from fire for warmth
food water where'd you get your water
from no you need beer
nah I like you man oh yeah
oh yeah Tom look oh hi
your little cuties making it Facebook
official dude this is fucking nice oh
damn Tom McCallum got a new toy
I'm actually really good he traded his
Volkswagen cuz I loved it but oh my God
look at this piece of cake look at this
Tom what's this the fuck what's the
fastest you've had it on a track on a
track on a track on an official track
how did he ask you out they went on a
few dates in London they were in London
I bet he said summer like this should
make you Facebook official you said yeah
and then next minute he notified you and
it was like you know boyfriend a
girlfriend
oh yeah look at this dog I got I got
this cute couple in there you're
adorable
and then I got I got the wife or the
wife sister always good to see you but
what's all this no no what you wear in
the food is this for me now so pick it
was reduced for each other oh yeah I'm
going doing yoghurt tonight oh yeah I'm
gonna go annexes bullshit you go wow
they did an incredible job okay what
about the sticker which eyes make you
look like it was introduced but it's
quite clear that you know what I'm gonna
take it anyway thank you
oh yeah oh yeah those gonna rev away but
you didn't Tom tell him Ken you've got
your element Ken how could you write on
a dark night like this it's not safe
it's not sound look at the streets you
could get hit by a car what do you do
you rode off without your helmet I'm so
disappointed in you dad you've let me
down you've let your other Tom down but
more importantly you've let your own Tom
down why would you do that oh yeah get a
crash by now yeah if you're watching
this dad get well soon
you're blurry wait you're blurry you're
blurry
what Tom Oh cars can we don't crash not
gonna lie
pretty pretty much thought I was gonna
get jumped then didn't you some guy came
over to me was like are you Tom I was
like Josh yes I am Tom are you about to
stab you with a knife or something this
guy drove past the pub where we are go
out his cat came running over whilst him
over to come visit let your girlfriend
fucking cat that's a nice car she did
not nearly look crash your car I swear
it means I'll have this conversation no
joke you came running over that fast
that I thought you're gonna stab me I
was like this is it this is the end most
mature country how did you find a small
world I'm just me you just films random
shit puts on the internet and that's
just what I did
6 p.m. if it's on time eh
fuck yeah what why did you react as well
why do I like it evil put it up it oh my
god ah it's a t-rex wait how do you do a
human what else wait buddy do a bunny
rabbit oh they'll up this is what we're
doing as grown adults with it my dad's
helmet that he left behind bags dad well
man what are you wearing into them
shorts who wear short shorts yeah that's
a grind that gave how many kids have you
up that's the grind that gave birth to
two kids oh yeah rights on squad fam out
come here this is the squad comes Kenny
oh wait konnichiwa hello it's kawaii u2s
seriously the cutest right now I've been
on the phone on FaceTime with Lydia and
Lydia's mom for like 20 minutes and I
was like I don't let a cat stop walking
around walking in the kitchen and all of
a sudden I go to go upstairs and I find
a lunar sleeping understand and the turd
guards be walk you know stairs right
this makes me worried
no because I don't trust you even though
you look like an injury later the colors
yeah that's right she's gonna run away
she's like oh no we didn't hit Gadsby
quick next run away we pulled on his bed
is there gonna be a poop stain on my bed
no no no no no no no no oh my god is
that poop is that poop oh hell no it's
10 pounds that's a win
hell yeah sniff test in here doesn't
smell like poo hallway doesn't smell
that smells refreshment actually all
right then I think I can see you do
kitty cat
I can see you what are you doing wait
were you both doing in here
freeze get on the ground this is a cat
right okay okay this
this room doesn't smell like poo either
I'm very proud of you I know the cable
management in here suck but I'm very
proud of you you actually chose a really
bad room to run in because you don't
actually know that this is a bathtub so
turn the bathtub on you freaking out yet
it's like one is coming up what do you
doing in here
okay well listen I'm gonna jump in the
bathtub you guys may wanna bounce boys
okay okay good but son you better know
I'm a home the wife's in the shower that
cuts it downstairs not in my room
tonight because oh my god those cats
came ruining my room well no they stayed
in my room last night at 7:00 a.m. when
litter usually gets hope they started by
my ears but in my nose by in my fingers
I was like no I did not buy you so you
could bite me
goodbye however I did then chill out
with him from 7 a.m. till like 1:00
o'clock tomorrow when I go dummy ramen
noodles oh yeah I cook these pretty
poorly bought don't tell the wife she's
in the shower she didn't see how I
cooked him so I'm just gonna get away
with it so I do like to have to end
today's vlog I hope you guys did enjoy
it it was very weird and awesome bumping
some fans today love the way I did but
no no I said to end today's vlog make
sure you subscribe to this you if you're
watching this video right now and you're
not owner of a YouTube account you just
randomly turn up every day make a
YouTube account sign in click subscribe
to this channel and you'll get a
notification email every single day I
post a video I know it's like magic but
until then I'm gonna eat my damn ear out
my noodles I'm gonna watch something on
wait for it on watch Netflix wait what
oh no oh really ok I have to come clean
I started watching teenage mutant ninja
tools yesterday it was that bad I fell
asleep but again I need to go so thanks
for watching make sure we've liked great
subscribe doing known that no cage bill
to get every single email notification
of examples me videos it goes tomorrow
bike videos
what
