oh my goodness me look at the size of
this cup it's ridiculous Lydia's in the
car right of rock and roll cars ready to
go where do you get that hat Hey
okay I'm gonna leave your dog behind bye
dog by dou P by dou yi next stop going
out for dim sum so yeah I've just been
eating like Japanese food nine days
straight as soon as I get back my first
meal back in England and another proper
meal last night is gonna be Chinese time
II was gonna be impeccable because
before you said that I said who's that
shit Football Club and you went shit
dude everyone you know what time is
everyone going to Utah I can't say what
look at that really shit football clubs
your face might you hate me so that is
where I got all my ingredients for as
making salt pepper chicken how good was
that meal by the way so good so good and
we're going to the restaurant right next
week called glamour rooms every time I
went here as like her oh I'm just going
to this Chinese restaurant and I look
like I was on my own no lady was right
next to me every single time I'm like
yeah when I was having my trend amusing
this random Chinese dude and people were
like who the hell is this guy and I gave
no context
he's Olivia's dad so here we are come on
now
oh my god it's like me in Japan it's
absolutely beautiful
- mrs. Chinese ticket that says you
would have to wait half an hour but
there's like a wedding private function
on downstairs so it's taken up the
entire building and all the stuff for
finishing at one o'clock sadly so I do
not think we'll be getting in today all
right have a nice wedding and all that
but bastards you took up all the bloody
food fuck you it is time huh
let's see how long this is gonna take
it's mega busy look at this beautiful
architecture in Manchester I love that
culture it's very good
it's just beautiful did you just love it
here you gotta love it cuz it's 420
blaze it hey these guys are wearing like
coats caps and all that stuff and I'm
wearing shorts and flip-flops baby
fireworks and you gonna leave me a
little high that's from smoking boarding
it drops down or it was hard I was being
idiot play me fireworks shut your mouth
yeah yeah 420 blaze it we're trying
Alabama's all-american eatery yeah yeah
welcome to fail number three it the
first place it was a half an hour way at
the second place 45-minute wait and at a
third place an hour so we could yeah
yeah yeah that's true it was shortly
know it but yeah it's not really find
out well froze it as it careful now shit
both attempt of going somewhere
foundation coffeehouse alright let's see
if we can at least get a latte before we
have to go back and get our waffles you
think it's that a good fight now you
know audit is gonna I've not had no
facial hair for like four years
so the stat November first I'm gonna
shave it off
did my sideburns so long it's ridiculous
made this police officer is like the
coolest guy I've ever seen he's got a
badass tattoo a job and if you turn
sideways he's got a suit he's like the
father Christmas of Santa's wait what I
didn't mean that he's let the father
Christmas oh please oh please Cass okay
I knew that was coming actually I could
sense it the vibe was there Dale Street
there's the one Bible group I think the
guys who run the gaming Bible are over
but he's all my like the same group of
what everything invited me down
fernando's because they were watching my
life for one day so see what's going
down huh why you being a creep I mean
what are you doing essentially to show
you showing Ellicott's are there she
grabbed my hair we finally made it
inside all day Alabama breakfast famous
classic breakfast veggie breakfast big
steak reckless eggs an avocado yep this
is definitely American boys look at the
lens my sister go through to get an
Instagram story a classic all-american
breakfast sausage patty patty towards
full middle egg and some what what is
this fruit no no no no no
you like through
why not well is it that sexist app you
own a blue door do you sell Tom okay
she's not pregnant in this family we
just rocked the dad bod why you just
shit to me right now anyway alright that
place it was a nice place the food that
she was really mediocre so good vibe boy
I just weren't digging it out then dope
only offer five buy your wife a four
well hey I was excited for it boy yeah
it's only getting five on me we went out
for breakfast came back four o'clock in
the afternoon now now now Steve we don't
care about Steve Nemo will abandon them
wait you're going feeding him Oh a wife
you are oh thank you baby
where are my kittens and their babies
girls with oh this is your new toy in it
thank you for whoever sent this by the
way what is this oh yeah I never said
this show about that Mary's broke I
could just figure in hysterics like what
are you doing you play with the cats
wait this is current mood right now
we're all kicking back in comfort style
watching Snow White and some dogs ever
since I watched that Disney film on the
plane finding was it baby Mr Bond saving
mr. banks
ever since I've seen that under
unemployed all what I do now is watch
every single Disney Disney film later do
you about it the aspect ratio is filmed
it has black bars down
who turns up murdered
it's just cat central this house now
Theo Theo does not care about them and
they only care when he gets about six
inches away that's all they care about
oh I get a take that back the best for
my girl nothing but the best private
look I took private no one else they
hired the entire building two cups of
was gonna fill your bladder Jenna drink
vodka instead Livia is having your scam
no I couldn't yes I wanted to I really
want to film like the big CT machine she
was in the hospital on a Sunday at 7
o'clock at 9:00 is like no one here so
I'm gonna try and find myself the
restaurant because I am starving go on
is a weird one let's start this
conversation in the comments down below
I have been task for all four like I got
glass in my knee when I was a kid but
major important reasons to go into a
sport because I got stung by a wasp and
when I got stung by wasps do you guys
don't know I'm allergic like my face
swelled up I couldn't breathe so that's
put adrenaline in me so my hat would
pump faster which was crazy so that was
like my first real major visit to the
house
and then my second one was me getting
that collar on injection in my knee if
you guys have been to the hospital tell
me why that's closed I have no idea
where I'm gonna get any food whatsoever
and it looks like receptions closed as
well hmm
I am completely abandoned I'm on this
floor I need to make you up to second
floor to get to the restaurant so in
order in here no hay
all right let's hopefully you got the
old it doesn't break down ten outlets
and the creativeness spacing factors we
are the front line in the fight against
infections I like it
anyone else what's this who's your hero
award my hair was my dad and my sister
both of them broke their backs that's I
didn't visit the hospital forever
that wasn't me and injured my dad broke
his back mountain biking and a week
later while my dad was in hospital with
a broken verb ray my sister broke hers
on a trampoline yeah so I was ping pong
in between visiting my sister and my dad
it was an experience Oh everything made
to look happy hard tenant restaurant
beans real milk leave tea okay
oh come on come on seriously raises
closed doors it's just colored window
look be me
how are you supposed to I was gonna say
survived but that just doesn't seem
appropriate in high school how much how
much what's up they take the cat okay
we're good look you don't get Jones do
you actually take notes because I
acquired the brand
ten pound note came back from Japan and
I believe he got released not too long
ago who's on the back of it I declare
after all there is no enjoyment like
reading about watching vlogs
youtube-dot-com forward-slash life and
Tommy oh I still do not have a clue I'm
gonna guess it's Jane Austen why it's
simple because that says GAA and that's
probably wrong so I'm gonna shut up I
got myself how the hell how do you get
in this wait what wait what is going on
no do you have you have to aggressively
fight it open eye or is it a yeast got
myself a drink and a racist and at what
the hell you even kidding me this
Snickers bar is well as small cost me
one pound ten what games I Hospital you
are extremely being judged right now
just saying just saying needs more
heroes who sell cheaper Snickers bars I
came up when she says they're one pretty
random
okay there's like a little reunion that
was one of our friends ooh me Lydia got
on the same school boss every single day
like six years and that was a year below
us you've got the same rustlers every
single day for five years oh thank you
so cool
so you got your did a scan and then yeah
I just told me that it might make me
feel like I've wet myself did did you
wait you self no I didn't it just felt
like it there's nothing worse than that
feeling where you think you need to wee
all the time I was in Colorado
terrorizing guy cats Lydia needs some
food to get well so what's the perfect
thing to do it golden Phoenix oh yes we
spend about forty five pounds one salt
pepper chicken under the scripture
mainly some pepper chicken it's just not
even funny how much food that is babe
before if I found with the Chinese oh my
god
we've ordered a little metric fuckton
and Chinese made like we've ordered so
much look at this
hello there it's okay look at these
knees cats got knees just like every
other human oh my god
yeah when this vlog goes live it won't
be available oh my goodness me how good
are they
how good
actually no the great return home feast
has begun but Lydia's not got her ardor
golden syrup ribs
is what she wanted and it's not that so
you know what even though we started
eating the wife needs her food so
legends I literally took me four minutes
to get down the road to get it they've
got the food ready within like two
minutes of being on the phone with them
and they gave me the money back for it
damn right fucking amazing service
you've got yourself a happy wife you got
a happy love that's if the door in to be
fair I do have a doorbell probably would
have been a better idea if curry sauce
we got the pancakes we got the duck we
got duck crackers then we got the
smacking oh hey Alice don't forget dab
on those aiders yeah let me see the
rules let that see him let us see the
rules
look come on six-pack a fucking fire ie
we've got less than two minutes for the
elimination shirt to be finished on sale
in the UK and we're gonna give a shout
out a massive shout out to the last
person to get it so I'm gonna be right
back I'm gonna shout out who
it was the last person to get it that's
my game I don't wanna lose here is the
official last ever order of the right
lion in the UK on the dot alice is
officially closing it for being
purchased on the website as we speak
right now I'm doing the honours to take
the shirt off wine forever I'm gonna
tell you the last ever person to
purchase a riot line shirt was
officially called the Omega wait they're
gonna get killed so it was the Omega in
the first last place Rachel and Bailey
shout out your faces what do you just
say to me what do you think I got I do
nothing but the best round here five
star rated on my toothbrush brush in
session right that's right
shit you down mouth you know I'm the
best strength B but my own brushing game
using cheese time to start a new day so
I have to end today's vlog here hope you
guys have enjoyed if you're watching
this right now I'm gonna be
live-streaming
this syndicate project at like around 6
p.m. if you fall into a a pro syndicate
you'll actually get a notification when
I'm doing it boy it's been like three if
not four months since I last streamed it
so I'm going to try and stream that
series get it completely wrapped up and
then I'm gonna get back on schedule with
consistent content now you might like
that is bullshit
but when I'm not uploaded into my main
channel is because I'm traveling and
doing stuff and all over the place and
people love that sort of vlogs which is
great but I also you know sometimes you
just want to kick back play video games
and thought it's my gaming channel so
I'm gonna be doing that I'm gonna be
doing it so if you're watching it leave
a link down below for you to be able to
come and watch that lastly next little
thing to say is a massive shout-out to
every single person who picked
themselves up a limited edition
syndicate original right line show you
only usually do one limit edition shirt
yeah and that bad boy was the one for
this year and you know what it's a four
year homage to the shirt being released
the clothing company has been like a
family-run business for so long now
and Alice moon we've done such an
amazing job and just stoked that you
know so many of you guys support like me
and my family in this little business
and it's just super super cool so much
love to your faces for that as well when
they start getting shipped out you'll
get an email or notification or
something like that or a tweet letting
you know that we've started shipping
them so don't stop panicking if you're
like where are they Alice will take care
of it I believe in a if you don't get an
email shit to do today guys so pigeons
are gonna fly into another bush I'm
gonna film the airplane and I'm gonna
say you know what life's too short make
the most of it I will see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe and as always make sure you
click that link in description come
watch me livestream and we'll see how
the life of Tom pans out in the sims
will I end up having another kid
probably mm-hmm links down below take it
now
