I don't like this get out of here why do
you do this to us again listen I know I
feel the same way I feel the same way it
should work first time every time like
that okay but if for some reason right
it just it just doesn't all right so
we're all we're all in this together
okay did it even work is the stream even
live it says it is on my end but you
know what I really don't see it oh wait
I do kind of see it it does here why are
you doing our job it worked all right
ladies and gentlemen you're about to see
the light that the vlog from today which
is the shortest vlog ever like I'm
genuinely serious
it's dead short but it features a story
from yesterday which are shit do you
know what I forgot to do all right all
right so maybe I forgot to add a clip in
that explains what's going on right now
but you know what you get you guys are
fine right you guys you guys you guys
are fine with it understands what
happened what's happening right you guys
know right you can't you guys know Tom's
a potato okay okay you ready let go
it's a today's vlog is just a long
explanation vlog and I've never done it
this this way before they usually render
out the video but we're just gonna see
if it works are you ready how do I have
to do this is it this one okay wait now
is it this one
no is it this one no is it this one
where's it gone what for done aha all
right reset ladies gentlemen today's
vlog okay ladies gentlemen today's vlog
may be working all right you ready three
two
what oh I thought I was attacked by
moles but then I realized a horse was
drunk one day and walked all over the
front of my lawn it's my gardeners
fixing it but we are home sweet home I
wonder come on I wonder how many missed
calls I've had off my granddad come on
in come on in
hello Audi TT how you doin hope you're
good love you oh oh
soon I love returning home and
everything just being clean and fresh oh
my God look at that I'm gonna clean like
no Oh clean like new god dammit bet all
of you I was right in this car off my
granddad literally an hour ago when he
knows I'm coming back from a trip he
genuinely cannot contain himself to
light let me rest for a day he has to go
and see me straightaway catch up which
is really nice
don't think I'm being mean there
anything like that book a little cheeky
bastard month in a nice ways a little
vulgar he does everything these fires
I'm glad she told me I got she tell me
what my sister goes away on holiday
mmm-hmm oh she's back
are we back are we back to town boys
hello have you missed me have you missed
me
have you missed me why does he look
shaved and shaved him why is he got a
neck what you got Mike at home well you
merely 400k just a journey every post in
form of Kitty's bunion come on little
guys barren yeah he was such a nice
little kitty on to you you can stay I'm
gonna sell her she's just a nasty cow
she's locked in a box she's nasty
oh okay well mmm marriage should not
fall asleep right now this is me fight
in the jet like I need to I'm gonna
bring that here and see if she's away
because she's currently house bought its
6:08 p.m. right now
that means it's today in LA I've only
had two hours sleep for the past 48
hours but the vlog is rendering the vlog
is late I'm sorry but I try my best to
get it edited it's just really really
dead but that doesn't stop me chopping
no wood in runescape well you know about
the mxp grinds of so tired
Lydia you tired
find out why oh sorry are we
interrupting your little chill session
here cat
you know I said like Lunars binoy look
at that scratch down my finger a picture
of when I was at went round to the
office to take her out she was being a
nice cat give me nice be nice well I had
to pick rocks I had to go she just
didn't like it I was like we gotta go
kitty in the cat was like don't care
don't love you don't want to know
I can't you just be a nice little kitty
like this little dog
you are literally wife Coles oh okay
maybe I just had a bad piece we woke up
to cats this one was like nearly
suffocating yeah and then this one's
just realized wait plot this is gonna be
the most inception vlog you've ever seen
so so like right I talked about this in
a minute but this is the vlog being
live-streamed as me editing the vlog and
then of me live-streaming the Edit of
the vlog but then I missed the clip of
me going all right so now I'm a forgot
to take it off my phone and obviously
I'm too busy live show me right now so I
can do so I supposed to do now is go all
right so it's time to tell you guys a
story
I'm gonna use my chalkboard and draw on
the chalkboard to teach you guys this
story I know I had this whole story
planned out what I drew it on the
chalkboard and you guys are gonna be
like oh wow this is incredible charm
you're the most amazing youtuber ever
but I didn't so I used paint I used I
used pain all right
legit I use paint so this is still
technically a vlog but this is what was
meant to feature in yesterday's vlog
being today right this this vlog right
now was supposed to have this bit in it
so and you're ready for the final
explain it we just fell asleep that's
why so the clip of me going from
sleeping to explaining the internet
situation is now ladies gentlemen Tom
most professional streamer ever let's
let's go ah
jelly's jo check this out I got a
goddamn overlay I got my Twitter up
there and welcome to Tom's in an
explained on Microsoft and before we go
any further if you apart at this
historical inception moment leave a like
rating when the video goes live say I
was there for the inception and yeah a
part of a very exclusive club of random
people right was so I've got I've got to
put this back on okay that's probably as
good as the drawings are getting yet
alright so let's do this as you guys
know I have my internet let's port mmm
dude what's the best way to do right
okay so here is my internet also known
as the potato as you can so clearly see
labeled my internet has 35 download ads
7.5 upload or that's what it's supposed
to have when in reality in comes reality
reality I get 29 download for upload
name up like route well that's still
better than the majority of people no
screw that shit that is a terrible
internet speed absolutely terrible
it's 2018 and that is absolutely foul
now welcome to Internet 101 a'right this
is normal internet as you can see so
clearly labeled for your faces now the
majority people have normal internet so
let's say this is a road yeah that is
the straightest road you've ever seen
okay and on this road you have a house
here a house there some with a small
house some of the bigger house and then
you have people on the other side of
road here on the whole of goddamn street
now let's say this is your internet box
let's make the Internet box blue
I even labeled it with an Internet so
it's clearly for you to see okay I
decided the diagram was too small so I
made some changes to it but welcome to
how the internet basically works in the
UK on a very standard scale alright so
every house on this road is basically
connected to the Internet they will be
throughout the entire day 24 hours a day
whatever I guess is a power cut now
let's say every single person
is out the house because they're at work
or at school whatever your house is
always connected to you now now when it
gets to peak times and this is where
normal internet is just an absolute
bitch in the UK your internet speeds
suffer so if you're paying for 35
downloads 7.5 Bob if you're the first
person theoretically say coming home at
about 4 p.m. in the day and you're like
boom I'm home there's a tick box to say
that they're home I'm gonna go on the
Internet
you can live stream yourself play video
games play the video games watch Netflix
download porn and do whatever the hell
you want at the same time all at once
with the speeds of 35 downloads 7.5 look
because the road is distributing that
speed and no one else is using it
because no one else is home now let's
say house number 2 comes back I don't
know what haven't his - and he comes
home he's like yo I'm gonna watch a
little bit of Netflix so he's get an
extra amount of strain on his bandwidth
usage which means good old Timmy here at
the the previous house he no longer gets
a fully speed service a 35 7.5 now that
doesn't mean he still can't do
everything but is it a bit of a reduce
speed but don't forget you still
downloading it Paul is still playing
these video games you're still streaming
it whilst this person is watching
Netflix now let's say the next person
comes home and they're like I want to
watch Netflix so that reduces the
bandwidth from the entire road again and
then this person comes home and reduces
the bandwidth so even more and more
throughout the day
poor old Timmy a he was trying to do his
live stream he's trying to go his
channel I go man I'm just I'm
interrupting Tom from the prep and
that's Tom from the past in a life in a
video in the present no in the future
yeah in the present someone in the
comment section just called out the moon
the the potato is my moon wait so we
just called out the ok with you
right so basically I'm raveling
uploading the vlog I'm live-streaming
the vlog but because I didn't render the
vlog edit upload the vlog some live
streaming the pre recording of my vlog
but it's not pretty regarding some doing
it live so I'm live right now I'm
streaming the vlog live like a live TV
show yeah so I'm still doing that and
then someone said that my moon looks
like my I'm wait my potato internet
looks like the moon
the stream quick come and say hello
everyone if you want Liddy to come and
say hello leave a like crate and say hi
say hi the chat we're gonna be quick
because I'm not interrupting my vlog
ladies gentlemen this is it like this is
the benefit of why this is a cut that
hates me
she literally scratched me on the way
out all right so Lydia tell me if you
get this there is 10,000 people watching
right now but like do you get this all
right so I'm currently I edited the vlog
but I didn't render it an uploader it
yeah so so what I'm doing is I'm
live-streaming the like playing the
video like this for them I'm playing it
on a video on a livestream so they can
watch it no but like they can watch it
so I'm live-streaming the vlog for them
to watch but then I'm interrupting the
vlog that's pre-recorded with me
currently live now yeah hi oh my god
10,000 people in the chat say hi oh my
god right so now I'm this is how I'm do
it so to continue on with the vlog wait
what'd I do I have to go to full face
that I have to go to this a-tasket place
ladies gentlemen it draw the rest of the
explanation the shadows is removing the
bandwidth he's gained but not only is he
being affected the previous person
speeds are being affected no this is
what you call times in the UK now just
to put this in the back an example of me
I can be at home all day every day and
not really be affected by peak times but
this is a normal internet issue in the
UK the more and more people on your road
use up your internet reduces the speeds
that you pay for because your internet
provider will say we'll give you up to
$35 on 7.5
does it mean we're exactly gonna give it
you or have to give it you there's like
rules and like law legislations and
stuff that are saying like no it's not
gonna fare as a bit bullshit that
happens but it's kind of still the case
now this is where business internet
comes into play and this is what I
currently have in my house so this is
just because a lot of people ask me
questions like Tom why don't you just
get busy like get rid of normal it now
it should solve everything
now as you see this is the last house on
the road and these are all the normal
people now let's say every single one of
these are connected they're all watching
the Netflix or uploading their day tour
on the mobile phones connected to Wi-Fi
all that sort shit you know they've got
the fridge still connect
to the internet like you can do nowadays
whatever then there's my house on this
road now I currently need to be able to
livestream I need to be able to upload I
need to be able to do everything and not
be affected by these peak times and
that's where you can apply for business
internet now the way business internet
works is is can adjust the way it should
work for everyone is you pay for a
service being 35 downloads 7.5 op you
get that entire speed no matter what of
peak times you constantly get that set
speed because your business your
prioritized over every single person on
the road so every single person here can
be battling and fighting for their
internet speeds if I want my 35 down my
7 up that sort of thing but no matter
what because I have a business line of
the road I'm always going to get it as
well as these people won't but as we
live in England the internet still is a
potato now as you heard me say I should
be getting my 35 downloaded myself slide
5 up but I just don't sometimes I get my
29 download and my 4 up now for me
streaming these speeds just do not work
it really sucks that it doesn't work but
let me let me let me let me show you how
a perfect stream should work what I've
got here is me being generous to my own
Internet
sometimes I've seen it peak about 6
uploads on average it is about 4 and
we'll just take that as it is but let's
say this is to create the perfect live
stream I've got a few things to take
into consideration I try and stream
round about four mb/s now I know you
might be like how can you do that you've
only got four I basically push my
Internet
- it's true limit so this entirety of my
internet broadband usage of upload is
being taken up just to stream the actual
quality of the footage that I've got so
this that you're looking at right now
just this and I'm not even doing
anything my computer to use at the
Internet I'm purely streaming what's on
my screen now when you're playing the
video game as well you need to be
relaying information to the servers so
that takes a bit of upload and let's say
that takes about you know 1% like one
little bit of upload as well so then
this amount has been taken up so you've
got like you've throttle of your in at
like 90 percent it's just absolutely
cane it away it cane away in it and all
these times where I'm saying I'm
streaming let's say 4 mb/s my internet
drops between 4 to 3 to 4 to 3 all the
time even though sometimes I do get you
know sick
a little bit higher it's just the case
so what I'm doing is absolutely
stressing my internet to its full
capacity for NBS as well as trying to
upload my game like my games information
back to the service and stuff you know
so when you him he's like complaining
about oh I'm like you know this was
bullshit
that's literally because I am I have no
bandwidth and no internet to be able to
like relate with could say that leaves
you a little bit left over for other
things for example Lydia
weight-wise Lydia get brought in sis now
when I'm streaming the chances are
Lydia's in the other room she's watching
something she's either on Netflix she's
even on her phone or something like ah
and you would think oh maybe that only
takes up maybe like you know the final
percentage wrong if someone's mobile
phone connects to the Internet whilst
I'm streaming you know barely just
streaming the gameplay and barely like
making it through the game without
lagging and I've got someone else
connected sitting in my house this
internet here might as well just go and
take a massive shit everywhere so with
that I've got here and currently got now
and I've had for the past like three
nearly four years
I can't stream to the like quality of
standard that I want to do
I can't keep Lydia happy in the house
because I'm always asking her to
disconnect from the Wi-Fi I even have to
tell I'm a sister or guest to disconnect
from the Wi-Fi so I'm just like I can't
live like this anymore
so I've done the only step I can now the
convocation this is not a sponsored
thing for Virgin Media business but I a
will definitely say this right now I've
looked into getting fast internet at my
syndicate regional office around the
corner and using satellites to be in the
internet speeds from here to there but
it's not a clear path I've looked into
other private services that say like hey
we'll give you a thousand up a lot of
thousand download for like 60 pounds a
month sort of thing but they don't do in
my area I've had to the CEOs of these
companies the head manager the head
honchos that everyone and everything is
reach out to me be like yo we could get
you fasting in there and I'm like sick
down let's do it here's my address
here's this let's look into it and then
there are always responses yeah we can't
do it in your area sorry we'll be in
touch so I'm left with my only option
which is at least live with Virgin Media
I could've done it with the open reach
guys and this rare this is like an
immersive plot twist for my thing but my
experience of talking to with these guys
I just felt like I was dealing with like
car salesmen and they were helpful at
first but then we I was like hey yeah I
want to do a one-year contract now we
don't you do your contracts not possible
that's all I was like right okay then I
guess I'm gonna have to leave left and
then the ring back up like a week later
like yo did you get that in there no
because I want your contract well we can
do one your contract and I was just like
I didn't like the whole sales Minnie
vibe off it it just felt like they were
trying to like tie me down for as much
as like as long as possible and I'd get
that strip job but like as a customer
it's not nice to be felt that way so I
was like no I'm gonna pass on these guys
and that's why I went to virgin however
I went to virgin and I was like yo I
want to do the Internet let's do it it
turned out it was gonna be cheaper which
obviously was smarter because as I was
saying with BT they were like salesmen
they wouldn't do it they won't budge on
the price to undo anything I was I right
I said to pee when I went to virgin
these guys were like yeah we can give
you a discount we could do this we can
do that I was like he doesn't fucking
awesome and I put in my order and I was
like in the next five days I'm gonna
receive a phone call to get my new
intern they're on the next step to
installation min go off to America and
get excited about eight days go by I'm
like where is my internet phone call why
I'm stressing I wouldn't be like
returning in the moon stolen when I get
back from America so I ring them up and
on my girl what's going on it's been
like eight days and you go alright yeah
the person who's been looking after your
accounts yeah yeah they've got on
holiday so am i okay so why did anyone
else give me a ring like surely it can't
be the case of because the person who
was organizing my order has got on
holiday there for my internet like
process gets paused and they were like
well yeah that shouldn't happen but that
is exactly what's happened so I was like
are you kidding me so another day and it
could take up to 65 days to get your
internet installing you know like how
you want something like so bad for
Christmas or you just need to like if
you're getting your first care and you
can't it it's like for me and this
internet I'm like what about it so I'm
like right okay so this is probably
reset the timer to get me a next or to a
fresh new 65 days so I'm like okay right
how could we start the next step and he
goes right and by the way the guy I
spoke to on the phone was an absolutely
home he pulls up with details and goes
right I've got some bad news
am i sorry what more bad news it is like
yeah it turns out that your accounts
been closed and your orders been
cancelled why is that basically they did
the desktop search like the other
companies did to see if he'd get it do
it in my area like at first I was told
yes and then I told when he looked into
it a bit more they couldn't actually do
it so I've been given this false hope of
like oh no we can't do it or we can't do
it it's gonna cost this much money and
I'm
mentally I'm financially committed to
doing this and then they turn around and
said yeah not gonna happen so I'm in
America absolutely just ha and like
absolutely coated in the guy on the
other end of the phone goes so your
business is called the syndicate project
Limited
I don't know why sounds like this but uh
are you syndicate and I'm like yeah he
goes oh yeah what's your PT pilots
outline what this is crazy goes like
right listen give me some time I'm gonna
go away see what I can do and I'm like
no way and he goes like rhythm this is
the option we can actually start the
internet but we can get the BT open rich
guys to do it we hire them to do it I
guess a trade cost because it's cheaper
for me to go through virgin media
business to get open reach to install
the internet into my house than it is to
go to open reach to get them to install
a bubble what but it will cost me a
little bit more money so my you know
what go fight go away and find let's
find out how much costs the gadget gets
back to me in half an hour and goes
listen I got some news oh my god how
much is it really gonna cost me like
there's gonna be like thousands and
thousands and he goes no this is gonna
cost you absolutely nothing extra I'm
like no God that way how'd you buy this
I dunno just managed to get it we've got
the same terms that you actually agreed
to pay for in the first place but them
guys are just gonna install like the
wine and I'm like oh my god can't
believe it this is actually happening so
to my homie at virgin media business
thank you so goddamn much for making
that happen again it's not actually
happened yet me and that's not in my
house but oh my motherfucking god
I've got five hundred or fired it down
Internet confirmed and hopefully being
installed into my house very shortly
which will give me the ultimate internet
access I've always wanted in the UK
again I know these people like this like
the sidemen when they live down in
London they have like a thousand of a
thousand down and pay like six dollars a
month but I live in literally the
bumfuck nowhere and this is I'm telling
you is my only option if I could commit
my life and every ponary heart to being
able to create an internet service for
everyone in like Great Britain and then
worldwide to have insanely fast up and
down internet I would do yo Elon Musk
please reach out to me I realize that I
left that the in
get replay that scratch I would do you
please reach out to me Richard Branson
let's make a star light together let's
make a an even if it's an exclusive wine
for youtubers to be able to pay a flat
rate for an upload date or wherever in
the world we'll do it like let's make
this happen
if I can do something in my life that is
worthwhile let it be me giving everyone
in the world fast internet like let me
give back to the planet let me give back
to rich it the next generation but
basically I've somehow managed to get my
internet confirmed five hundred five
hundred down being installed into my
house I don't have a set date as to when
but it will be happening so I'm really
excited but that's the story man in
there my only ever option is a virgin
media business package there was the one
only option that I had left which was
you can get like a tethering system
where you can connect one in that line
into another and another and you can
basically be like right I've got like
five internet lines and merged them into
one for them you've got it like that but
then that would involve me signing up to
five like three-year contracts with the
company that I'm like yeah no I don't I
don't want to do that like no thanks the
amount of post I'm gonna get from that
shit and stuff it's just crazy and the
cost would be like just astronomical so
I am paying out my ass for this internet
anyway bought it's a business expense
that is gonna be well worth it and I'm
so good I'm excited so that's the story
I would sell yesterday's vlog I know it
seems like like how did this take up
your entire day but it was you know I
was flying in the air all day this was
the story that I wanted to tell and I
know this does just seem like I'm doing
a virgin business ad because this is
here like that I could open up by my
pain thing and just draw cocks or
whatever bought that that's that's where
I've been out with me internet to
everyone asking in and everyone's saying
they've got a solution
yeah I've been trying to solve this
issue for like the past 12 months you've
heard me in the vlogs I've been trying
my best to do it and I finally got on
with doing it so I'm hoping I'm really
hoping that it happened
and I'll be able to call my vlogs on
time for you guys I'll be able to like
streaming better quality I'll be able to
like and I will say I'll be able to
upload more kit like consistently to my
gaming channel because my biggest
problem is like I've got to edit my vlog
and upload my vlog during the day as
well as if I'm gonna do a gaming video
I've got to do that video at the same
time so literally just cannot do both
that's why I don't although to my gaming
channel cuz I'm too busy uploading my
vlog in like content it takes hours to
do and I'd rather die and look back on
like say if I died in a year's time and
look back and go you know what I'm glad
I spent that money to make my quality of
life better rather than to you know look
back and go oh yeah fucking hate that I
can play nearly every day about me and
in that being slow it's like how I talk
about you know trainers early running
the vlog I was like you know what I'm
okay with people spending a lot of money
on trainers because you're gonna be
stood up in them all day you'd be
walking around all day so it's comfy I'm
alright with people spending a lot more
on a vehicle because it can get you to a
to be quicker safer and more comfortable
a lot of people spending money on you
know like their bedding because I I
spend like things in my life or like
shoes in bed like that's the that's the
two places I spend the most money my
bike wait you have like 90 pairs of dc's
how they spelled money on shoes well
don't worry about that but like with my
bedding I'm okay with spending a hundred
million dollars on bedding because I
know I'm gonna spend half my life laying
in this bed so it might as well be the
most enjoyable comfortable experience of
my life
so an odd way of looking at is this will
be my my quality of life upgrade so I
can stream upload like everything and
not have to complain about it and I'm so
goddamn excited to say that I finally
pulled the trigger and made the decision
to do it again I still don't have the
internet just yet but when I do I'm
hoping that I can really step my game up
so thank you for listening to me ramble
and mumble I hope you did enjoy my
little diagram and stuff at first but
you know what it is what it is and if
you're watching this video right now you
might blow wait what's going on the your
live streaming this this is completely
bullshit and to those who are like wait
what is live streaming this this is a
video I decided to actually live stream
this to youtube rather than to upload it
because by the time it took me to open
this up which is Sony Vegas that I had
it in and this is the video you're
watching right now this is like
Inception of it this is the vlog with it
within the livestream within the vlog so
and then
I'm live to YouTube which will turn into
a video all simply because it's so much
of a process for me to then click render
and an upload it's easy for me to
livestream my so if you're on the live
stream right like this right now I want
to leave a comment our comment saying
Illuminati confirmed and it is what it
is so I appreciate everyone shooting it
I appreciate your watching make sure you
leave a like Corinne make sure you
subscribe I'll hopefully I'll see you
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog where it will actually be a daily
vlog like normal uploaded ready for 6:00
but today that this has just been a case
of just stress and jetlag and all that
so this is the way I need to get this
video out so I'm sorry about that but
you guys have been an amazing set of
viewers for my entire life and my entire
vlogging sort of career and all that and
I'm hoping to try and make it there so
much love to you all thank you very much
leave a like rating click that subscribe
button the past shut up this is Tom from
the present and again you all could
understand that this vlog is only like
that if you're watching this right right
now a 6:30 p.m. in the UK the only
reason you're watching this right now is
because of me doing it this process and
this video was an explanation and even
proof of why I need to get this new
internet if I was to stop the video
because you can see the video was done
if I was to click render it take me an
hour to make the video and then remain
and it would have taken two hours to
load a video so you guys wouldn't have
been seeing any this footage till about
9:30 like 10 p.m. tonight so in like
another four hours of someone that so I
did this I know some people just can't
wrap their heads around the process but
I feel like you need a pat on the head
if you don't get it I'm live-streaming
the vlog the vlogs done I just clicked
play on a timeline and then stream the
vlog to you rather than uploading it as
a video and that's that and once this
video is finished I process on YouTube
it goes live as a video so a lot of
people don't get it it is really simple
concept to understand boy if you have
part of the Illuminati crew today then
make sure you leave those like great
isn't click that subscribe button once
to have you all here I will let you all
know that YouTube did put out that new
update at the moment which is a it's
kind of a name but a lot of people
aren't seen the videos in the
subscription box is the old thing I can
say is if you've clicked the subscribe
button right next to it you'll see the
belt make sure you click the bell to get
all notifications when a video goes live
and hopefully that will try and fix it
I know some of you really do not get it
and understand how today's vlog like
panned out but it is a pretty simple
concept
I know III didn't have much of a day
yesterday but this whole video of me
doing this talk you know you know you
know this one this whole me wearing the
blue and being in Sony big or just put
this here right where is it exit laughs
ah fuck wolf I don't know right the
whole the whole version of me doing this
this was part of yesterday's vlog just
explain today like I just fell asleep
before I managed to tell the story so
guys I do appreciate your watching I
know it's been a confusing one I know
you expect to see me live in my entire
day but the thing is if I'm jet-lagged
and I fall asleep on a sofa for like
eight hours then there's eight hours of
my day gone that you're not gonna see so
I just I thought I'd do this today
instead so guys thank you very much for
tuning in that is actually the vlog you
know like before there was like a slight
section of vlog at the start then the
explanation and then me just outrun it
when I get this new Internet guys I'll
I'll be completely saw it everything
will be awesome and all I could say once
again is thank you very much for all
tuned in I'm glad you managed to see the
vlog on time and not late so much love
you're all epic people and I'll see you
guys on another day I'm now gonna try
and close this this this this webcam
without this being weird so much love
you guys are awesome tweet me saying
Illuminati confirmed and I'll reply to a
bunch of you
