whoever did the ride to crime go and hit
me with another one go on this is
technically my new daughter Monday day
because he's past midnight so it classes
is the start of a new vlog so can I love
you
maker you're an absolute beast I can't
wait and hang out yes and you will see
you in like four hours anyway but you're
still a legend anyway and Travis aka
Garfield you have a human version of
Garfield we love you my friend just like
that I'm ready
packed up and I'm walking the rolling
beautiful place spin what a beautiful
holiday this has been what a beautiful
month this has been I've got I've got
gets a train station now in trouble a
train like 57 minutes takes the air for
then I've got an 11 hour journey home
the tiredness is real if you're ever in
Japan that place is a dope dope ass
ramen spot I'm gonna give that a nine
point eight hour ten I guarantee I get
the wrong train okay I love you dude
stay safe look oh okay Kenny - I say
another tom has been so awesome like I
said
Ray's a hired Tom as their translator
for the work that they were doing and
then he just decided to just hang out
with us because he's been friends with
like kion and Travis since they were
like teenagers you know went to same
school but were like two years apart
from each other so the fact that you
stayed and kicked it around is amazing
and now to know that I've got a contact
in Japan
I'm just gonna hope that this is the
right one I'm not under censure but you
know what we're just gonna go for it I
believes are made to my destination yep
and put rapid service thank God I got
the right drink Tom you're a legend
thanks for not letting me miss it
however it is now if you can see the
time nope you can't it is now to get
through security and on my flight Forte
in terminal 1 international am I going
nah but am I going south let's find out
I see Lufthansa so I'm assuming yep
North
all right ahead I'm assuming this is the
right place and then fingers crossed I
might be able to get an upgrade probably
won't be too expensive
I'll befall port we'll try
oh good I couldn't get business class
upgrade but I did get like a three new
economy I was really looking forward to
doing the business part it's all about
so I must begin on the plane if I can
upgrade but for now a back premium also
if you're wondering why this is so
important it's like an 11 hour flight so
oh it's trying to sleep right the entire
way I apparently had two pairs of
tweezers in my bag and I was like I'm
for sure I got one because I did have
one and then will be hope they found it
on the x-ray and the tweezers with that
sharp that when I went looking for it in
my bag it caught me so understandably
yeah it's one of those you like where
you're like oh don't be so pain it's
just a pair of tweezers but I was like
you know if I've got a pair of tweezers
in now and they said the to shadow and
fire get rid of him
but I I was convinced I had a sharp pair
like a fine point like set but then I
also like a flat head set and I was like
the other one she said he's either set
the shop was like now and it got stuck
in a secret pocket in my bag so when he
was stuck in the secret pack of a bag
she was like it's in there so I was like
okay so put my fingers to put my finger
into it like I stabbed it oh no got a
little plaster I can go okay I've got to
go through immigration
I've got runs watch on it's clearly not
set at the right time and then hopefully
I'm going to make my plane
and see how that's the size of the plane
I expected the flight chirps if Japan on
the first time I'm not like one of them
tiny planes
someone dropped out of business class
like an upgrade next step I am thankful
let's get this funded mmm good on
Lufthansa
if someone has a business seat but then
doesn't get on the plane safety seats
empty and you wanna upgrade you can't
they won't let yourself there's like
four or five empty business class seats
ready card here what there's nice and
clean
fancy scanning codes I think the guys
next to me
so I can't sit down till about noon yeah
meanwhile I'm gonna do a little
staircase shooting war seats and it is a
lovely day in Japan I'm sad to leave but
at the same time I'm looking forward to
get home
seeing Lydia and Sina cats
movies we've done what the scene but not
now that's pretty responsive alright
okay I think of curtains different
friends I need to get out of this
nitrosamine II couldn't get a social got
pass screen was completely broke
planet nice to get it in the bridge okay
latest releases
see this
seeing this
you know
what the heck is crazy haven't seen fist
I come through yoga
just because he's in it I might watch it
for oh my god looks terrible life
that's - I've seen the mummy it
touch the Caribbean scene that
take me fancy
so on and the first thing I can take is
got comparison are to take toe salad and
that think in vinegar to some chicken
turns to sell food
- strumming wild shrimp at dam actually
dis look good to me I'm not too sure
about that
survival at least
hello beautiful looking day out today
but we here for about an hour and a half
on my way to my next slide this wasn't
gonna kick in the shower I'd be tempted
just go right now okay easy I'm going to
be one let's go there's my destination
I'm just at 23 how's about getting
McDonald's but then I walked in here and
saw all this it was like oh yes lobster
crayfish you help me with some caviar
and a little glass of champagne this is
the perfect coming meal I literally
wouldn't last people on the plane just
because there was a delay due to
sickness there so the thing is you can
watch people stand up in queue like
idiots and wait as long as you want but
when they say final board you have to
get past that checkpoint because pretty
sure that's my captain right there
because as soon as you get past that
point they close that gate this is
always cramped
see you soon Manchester it will not be
long before I am home you know what
being when I fly
might not actually see my house if I see
it I'll make sure to zoom in on Kim the
Sunni old Lanchester sorry guys
absolutely so wet floor and so outside
yeah this is why I tried to never check
her back trouble as light as possible
the best way so I landed
Lydia bought me a coffee look at that
drank it but left the coffee
wise you need to get your shit together
and sort of I hope I left the coffee on
the roof until you it's just so so
pleasant to be back in Manchester what
are you doing oh my god
weathers shitty the women are crazy and
the Wi-Fi is even worse
okay oh this woman thought I was talking
about she gave me the meanest look ever
okay go nice shell I suppose you get
that from God great the promotion's back
oh my my cat got bigger and blacker I
dog could see you say you guys don't
even care that I'm back you've not even
looked at me once
you're more bothered by the big black
cat hey Gadsby
there's no even looks at me once they
literally give zero shits what that hi
okay you're gonna run off hoping for my
cat loves football
Carl think about to swap the cats me
Lydia brought me back McDonald's
milkshake I'm in bed kicking it
watching Mary Poppins there's nothing
else I'd rather be doing right now - I'd
like Lydia he could live with me but
she's treating Alison Collins Dez she
brought the my dolls good vibes cat what
you doing
wow I just realized there's that just
perfectly chilling on the quest floor we
did not care in the world
you guys wanna come in bed and cuddle
for a little bit no just gonna walk on
grass like badasses
okay sure just like that I managed to
pass out at like 9:00 o'clock at night
and wake up at 10:30 the next day so I
want to save my sleep schedule fixed
which means a lot more streamers gonna
be happening I can train and practice
like hell on all the zombie games for
the brand-new called you will go to
zombies which I'm looking forward to and
basically I'm back home with friends and
family so I'm gonna rock a roll now guys
and start a new day so welcome home make
sure you leave a light green subscribe
don't forget if you wanna get yourself
to the limit edition right right lion
limit edition shirt this is the last
chance you'll have between this video
going live and midnight to be able to
buy it so once we're gone they're
completely gone and you'll be a proud
owner of a brand new limited edition
shit so until tomorrow thanks for
watching and Asante hot
