good morning Jose mother his blog that's
how I'm starting my vlog good now I'm
going back to bed because you need to
learn how to sleep longer so like what
do we do
a wedding like before the wedding
because we don't put our suits on yet
when do we put our suits on like five
minutes before the wedding I would say
we don't aspire again yeah let's get
some food first what are you doing
anything we do in today is your birthday
either birthday but you'll need it today
I'm gonna go down breakfast
could have gone off adventuring into
town to go get some breakfast and
explore the area but Jill's foot attire
probably still make it yeah there would
be as pristine white also wear the same
jumping over the last three days if you
noticed any wearing the Craig David
tissue under it
oh man that is a nice view for that Joe
try try and throw a sugar cube try
throwing sugar cube him a drink if you
get it in
I'll give you Andrew quit this is your
birthday goal one opportunity underarm
okay I thought it back in yours
copyright there you go Jesus Chrome
ready oh where oh yeah yeah where is it
I've got Rick coming out your ass you go
try and find it yourself
Oh actually wait don't take a turn bit
no other way other way other way yeah I
still there oh it still is there more
than ever
yo he's got it good
yeah sure we're tight
you have to yeah good I'm not sure about
this time man
I don't know I've made it exceptionally
long it's supposed to go to your belly
burn so I'm gonna redo it but wait a lot
of people don't know how to tie a tie I
went to a school you have to wear a tie
every day so I think I've got it nailed
to a tee blam look at that sweet boot
iterator rock'n'roll looking like a
professional looking fine and once that
comes which I'm very happy with the
choice of tie he picked me like that
looks good how they look fresh I think
look fly and then there's Joe the match
oh he's gonna be up yet
hopefully today
now try and get it the old way
Tiger yo buddy oh god this chat is
trying to grab the biscuit 1 go no no
come on
yes Oh God God God deserve a biscuit
enjoy your poo just get ready this where
to God we're going to be late to this
wedding
oh go go go go go go don't go
Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe
Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe
he never noticed you watch your pockets
no you better watch out you're gonna
find out every piece of clothing you put
one's got color in it this is so goddamn
gorgeous look at this place
what's it go where you follow each other
airline envoy convoy Thanks we've made
it I think we're quite can we fit
through I don't know if we can fit
through I think I think even the drivers
trying to decide if we can fit through
which may lead to like a castle entrance
or something oh but it's a tight fit
oh my god can you make it no way
you're right this side
we're just near a massive scraping it
collapses our share stage - here we go
should we get in the front she was
shotgun we've been dropped off
everyone's getting out the band and
check this out look how cute this is
welcome to the wedding of Christie and
Mike Oh golly look at this this is
wedding goals this is so beautiful
you're alright you Josh your birthday
I'll let you keep that compliment oh
it's gonna say it's like that's a small
matter I guess we're standing Wow
very cool oh the rest of the time alarm
is joining us and we've all Nick into
the umbrellas sorry but it's compulsive
hope Suns coming through the trees Oh
it's like they need a quick minute
did you see it running down this is so
cute the freshly putting the flowers and
put them into the arch oh so cute it
looks so nice it's still quite a lot of
rain coming down off the trees boki down
there he's gonna be buggin anyway did
you
single from dark really I thought it
looked like him okay I know you've got
that tom straight somewhere I am not
accepting that better that was totally
so is it
oh here he is looking sharp if that's
his daddy bumped out with the beer
bottle is a legend that's how it's done
well done dad
show him the band is warming up I'm
liking this entertainment they've got
here and he got busy he got real they've
got people they're good
look how magical this got they've got
all these roses going down you've got
the band you've got everyone stood
around this is so beautiful this is like
like the perfect wedding
okay I'm going anyplace that is absolute
gold beer and a vape pen one legend had
to take the umbrella office they had to
take it office when it rained I couldn't
say no they gave it to the groomsmen
he nicked my umbrella now we're getting
soaked it's just a little bit of trick I
would not kind of hurt I would say we
could see everything but there's
definitely an umbrella just in their way
oh look at the groom that can all happy
and smiley
all right here we go it's happening ha
ha ha it's so beautiful no don't read
the music
this rock is gonna sit in this lake
forever as a symbol of their love and
marriage worst timing man ever Kobe
yes three-pointer a successful wedding
now it's the crazy aftermath of getting
everyone onto the cars onto the gas into
the vans in the cars and then getting
down to like where the reception and
basically getting down to where the
alcohol and foods gonna be so let's get
down there Joe I'm tiny so I get cold
very quickly
exactly I'm a big boy nice well I've got
a bit more food little layers you know
dad Bob oh yeah boy this is well modern
that's what I call service at a wedding
before you get on the coach running the
balls out to help and drunkenness oh my
god it's like I almost know is this
myself look at that arms coming thanks
Jo
I just really kind of want to see it
fall closes a pocket I definitely pick
it up that house a long ass coach Jenny
but we've made it to our sons oh don't
say that Joe we would have waited the
wedding a little bit longer oh look at
this little bit lavender oh that's would
be good data walk in the front doors
like Oh take your champagne I was like
no it's a good beer instead of now our
guineas a second listen it thank you
this place is hella nice cheers may age
to another adventure now dry and joined
with two Americans as well come on you
can't decide whether you're British
Irish or American or Scottish Oh
Scottish top of the morning to you
that's a nice steak and chips and got
some magazine and some more language
thing what's that
posh prawns oh I see he walked away he
knew especially I'd rather it fell
naturally than me touching it because
I'm gonna get accused of losing it's not
alright then to it and it didn't fall
just for the record you're stood up
straight
that's how bent it is this is what I
always wanted you I wanna come to
weddings and play Jenga that's it wait
I'll get you just stop you some Jenga
Oh
what good vibes people who do wedding
brushing make up stories about who
they're having a job why don't we just
spend the entire night and making up
what we did yeah
like to every single person I'll
introduce you to someone and then you
say what you do and then I'll just go
with it I'm gorgeous I'm going for male
strippers at one point I'm gonna say
male strippers to like some dudes you're
more likely to be a male stripper than
archaeologist you yeah is that like
let's be fair if food time I love that
hat that is a beautiful
oh no we're videoing so you're not
bobbing it's a beautiful hat we love
your hat it's now time to have some food
so we got photo bomb real hot it's where
we are bloody then tom cassell and joe
sunny sub-sites
this is a real wedding oh my god
oh my god this is amazing oh yeah they
own that right all the spell
a lot to work here at Legends we got
Wi-Fi password guy enough with some
potato and leek soup
it actually looks incredible that stage
where it's like ties are off I'm doing
don't want one don't need one and shit
it feels so nice
I know it looks like I've eaten half a
meal already but I got some broccoli
some mashed potato with three pieces of
chicken
you've got fish 90p recipe yeah I'm
sending beep this way come on Bieber go
on leave her go and I'm gonna give the
chicken a 9 the beef
the fish
I don't have any and the vegetables ten
outside veggies at ten other than that I
can't go to ties off shirts undone how's
your patches
drei I was royally sweating my nipples
off before it was the struggle Matt
Williams oh my god I love your TV show
I've always worried Matt Williams for
the flour you can eat the flower here
calm
I'd like to say a massive happy birthday
to Joe thank you and led you to join
this family man thank you joining us so
you
birthday did Joe
happy birthday
alright alright a wonderful good luck it
was quite short cable here for birthday
month we say I'm so glad you will make
it oh all five of us responders you talk
much when I start dancing to health and
happiness I love your brother I love you
like a brother from another mother in
another mother see the game is you watch
watch this vlog I would love to take to
an Irish wedding just say record she's
go 100 million Instagram post I know
it's a long shot it's a long shot but
I'm saying like see now if you feel like
what you say but doesn't matter that but
I think I think I think I'd like being
all right beside Tenjin was the byron
song have ya happy birthday Byron it's
your birth you probably knew that Byron
cuz it's your birthday Byron happy
birthday birthday
oh yeah these are the legends we've met
to the side this is what we did this is
called blogging and the more drunk we
get the more random against funnies I'm
absolutely sweltering with heat no tie
on sure so Virginia where are you
dragging your share you everything I'm
calm buddies
nope I've been patching a whole time
today I'm good then we're gonna just go
with and I call it nosebleed during the
speech oh yeah the nosebleed during the
final speech I do kind of look like a
pimp
I'm wearing a suit and a hat like a
fucking pimp out a saints row Dick Tracy
who's that some people this town ain't
big enough for the both of us draw no
joke I certainly don't know where I got
this hat from I'm gonna keep wearing it
until someone cleanses half like it's
fine oh yeah time for the f to buy a set
big fucking room
I like help me come downstairs to the
bar we've got 25 minutes before we get
kicked out turns out this guy knows us
looking for a homie so what was your
goal wasn't it wonderful team you see a
song
okay other 15 to 10 what - v c0 c1 which
true is that me those damn good I called
you out ticket fuck like a Jake meet on
the storm is I'm a repair where we check
with dog he gets down in eight seven six
hey that was cool
we're not going in a bag we're not going
to bed not going we're not going to be
not going we're not going to not gone
we're not going to bed he thinks we're
going to bed but there's no more music I
don't want to go to bed let's guy stole
my hat I found you I love you kicad now
you know you know nothing Jon Snow
someone came in the bathrooms like chomp
yeah Tom you go to mr. boots it's like
what happens if you most diversity were
like you have to walk home
nope right has he been drinking you and
you under the influence of the Hulk my
screen was on the haters thank you very
much for watching of look make sure you
like subscribe ding dong the Bell and
we'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. my
bell grow up she says that they stole my
phone Jim Miller died walking into a dog
oh all right I'll go to bed we're doing
it thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rate and subscribe
diggin down the Bell next to the
subscribe button never miss a video in
your life because you get notifications
what are you doing
I already did this develop yeah twice
twice is nice how did you saw Joe
