new dawn new day Joe's talking about
washing machines I do have that problem
I will admit my fault there I always
call a dishwasher a washing machine hey
listen I didn't make mess last night
that wasn't me that wasn't me that
wasn't me that that definitely wasn't me
half of it was you I'm a wop has monkey
in devil I'm a Tasmanian devil fun out
incoming yo Joe can you pull some sexy
music in the shell for me I love it I
love it and for breakfast today I'm
going to eat Joe's one olive come to me
know what that's a dodgy looking olive
no new new new nope nope nope nope nope
mmm I told you you only have one olive
none that one olive for the record Joe
by the way just need to let you know
this is not the same as your t-shirts
yesterday so stop giving me stop giving
me shit all right it may look like the
same t-shirt it may be the exact same
t-shirt but it's not actually the actual
one I just got to this is all on you Joe
if this ends up being crappy it's all
your fault this is exactly where we need
to be I'm ready I want to walk out
looking like that guy hey Joe maybe we
should spice things up no too soon
sixties sexy you have puns down the
biggest place I've ever been into to
pick costumes you've got an entire
downstairs what look at what oh yeah
dude you're really gonna press this an
alien in that thing let's get flagged Oh
pew pew pew qqp we're gonna need a bit
more blurring in here perfect this is
absolutely perfect
oh yeah he's good at it it's great
perfectly as well I probably wear
clothes under it and then like if it's
rather not if everyone's some reason
getting dressed telling good dinner good
do you like this oh yes I like it
this human look good big afro woody help
okay this is our dinner toys for today
Joe brought us here so judging this guy
right now and I'm gonna go for a bowl of
meat this is looking like a pretty good
shout mate
come on I'm a fun basically they just
got chicken in a bowl with some rice and
beans and lettuces and cheese yeah this
is Colonel my life taking a pill at
Joe's house no toilet roll and I'm still
getting listening to this music goals
doing Joe just let me use some toilet
roll oh yeah what we gonna do just put
you gonna put on step I'm gonna roll it
towards me yeah for God's sake Joe I'm
gonna use I'm gonna use this talent of
it that's all I'm gonna say
are you taking a body with you yes is
this for your contortion that you've
been practice is it good I would not be
surprised this is what I'm taking this
is everything I have us everything and
Joe's got that and a backpack if that is
somehow real then my vlog should be
uploaded in 20 seconds what you better
get really good
wedding me and George's driving to the
apples into this
I want to say I know the words but yeah
well that is a perk of the job I just
realized cuz I've got silver membership
with British Airways me and Joe can go
for a fast ride and the reason that
saved me and Joe is because I get to
take a plus-one with me so yeah well
that's convenient
I didn't get searched Joe owns a pair of
chopsticks time sofa silver chopsticks
with his name on it and he can walk into
any Wagga members and eat for free
dear Wagga Mama's but guess what I
didn't bring them
Barnes you Muppet
you have a certain amount you can spend
on me it's me and three of us you
thrilled you could do it like every day
yeah yeah yeah you know I thought that
you know what Nando's Black Card
yeah cuz I do yeah do actually snoc are
you frozen over
you get three frozen yogurt for life
yeah briefs not frozen yogurt to die
wallet full of black cards of pink cards
not fair I asked our server if you
believed you had the chopsticks and he
said no how does that make you feel it's
like if you were a bunch of you were
working in and someone went yeah can I
get free ramen between the audition I go
about these which means that
it's all free after the prove and always
leave a yeah oh yeah Joey you go you can
you have a whole whopping thanks Carol I
wish that's been touched like by 60
people and money and everything don't
worry about it I love Joe it builds up
your immune systems chicken ramen before
we get on the plane to Island I'm good
thank you no I'm good with my bras Joe
sugg tries bamboo shoots go yeah cheat
and put sauce on it how was it sweet in
it like good are my Kung Fu Panda next
destination is that little nope that's a
wall that's a what that plane over there
and we're going to see a while Jeff what
are you reading are you looking at boobs
at page 3 we forgot the splice do you
still own it have I got it
we invoice right this time but we've got
this the crave David what's he saying
what's your flavor oh my god
you send you this a fan I want one it's
somewhat pale box in the description
David's Wagon Mound
goodbye London buying a PC house from
here you see it see Casper's long
fingers
it sees a big and admiring Alma tears
Byron cause you forgot me
I love pirate team buyers what a
surprise
I was currently and sadly late miserable
jackets bulbs and stuff go into a
wedding in a forest it's his birthday
for watching this my feet down in
Ireland I don't know where we're going
we have to go through security
it's like a hot spot control an island
or not I'm not sure about that one what
I do know is it's wet I'm miserable sit
around waiting for Joe because the
connector behind cuz he wanted to bring
the stick was secured I always try in
trouble as light as possible so I don't
have to wait for a back don't want to be
now it's rainy let's go there I even
pushed me even push me wardens I'm a
drift
by the way I'm not messing around in a
wheelchair so someone else can't use it
there's literally like 20 wheelchairs
it's using it whilst awaiting flyover
the fuel of Ireland deep deep deep
bikers t-to bike who's with the helmet
what I wanted to try them only three
minutes from our destination and then we
found out what a hotel looks like and if
it has fast internet we pray it does
this is like mega fancy looking place
we were driving in the middle of nowhere
and then disappeared what is this
I love it are we sharing rooms oh we got
one each I kind of hope we share because
it's just more fun
wow this is mega nice spirit sharing a
room that is actually probably the best
news I've had since you've got it you
could buy jewelry and stuff eh are these
Thai fans
I don't know if I said that right Steiff
bears like really expensive bears
it's an expensive pair yeah how nice is
that pays well dude this is a spa don't
get in a massage every day here it's
every day bro I'm in the wrong with this
place dude this is hella fancy moved
your wife's belongings so we've got
we've got 45 minutes to get in the swim
pool or sirens hell yeah but whose team
makes team is the best I am calling it
right now there's gonna be one bed just
one bed just I didn't actually want to
share a bed with him but we just figured
that's what was gonna happen so he made
of hogs it's just so random
good I'm John Boy well hopefully this
time I don't go shouting stuff at the
air the local Irish people yeah right
you're in a running race you're in a
running race okay you take over the
persons second place what place you in
so this is a music video the only good
thing about this is a carriage driving
the jugular this is like a 10 out of 10
Comfort bed this is heaven this this is
dolls watching Rick amore on Netflix and
chilling waiting for us how much is this
this is gold this is gold
I wish we could send someone else to
chocolate factory because the only food
we can get right now in this entire
building is it is this Hammond's fee
sandwich and I'm getting a chicken and
mayonnaise so let's find out try one
here not it does actually look pretty
good
nice job one is mine and it does come
with it all I'm not risking that nice
little hot chocolate and a sandwich for
dinner
moment of truth hi chicken mayonnaise
this is solid we're in island you're
gonna maintain sandwiches well I'll take
it
mmm Joe it's not 5:00 a.m. but it is two
minutes past midnight so happy birthday
pal cheers dude
happy birthday oh hey I'm we're gonna
truly celebrate together in style a
wedding yes I'm gonna wrap up this vlog
here guys
hey mmm so thank you very much what
you've makes you leave a like rating
subscribe ding dong the notification
bell I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next o vlog
until then thank you for watching much
love adios
