which will say Gotti to light up in here
what are you cooking me I go in twins I
Casper I'm good mind would you interview
whilst making some egg burgers hmm
are you a good are you a good chef I
wanted one two five at least if you
would've said four I would've walked
away and not eaten X I didn't trust you
dude I'm gonna have to show it I'm gonna
have to show off your shower real quick
because oh my god dude why have you got
this that's amazing
that is true child brought back right
there and it's are we gonna get food
poisoning
no boys not that great like if they're
not cooked okay so we know this is
perfectly cooked
actually no it could be a little bit
delicate your being with this yeah I've
tried oh really good me mmm hey you
nailed that the gap you're getting like
a six yeah it's mediocre it's egg on
bridge little dinner from Joe there for
brunch breakfast dinner mm-hmm I meant
breakfast lunch but Joe has got meat in
this stuff that I need to all day so I
have the entire place to my son no I
don't edit is here and his room is here
yeah yeah Oh fuckin do but I want an
olive tree I when I when I kicked over
your table yesterday I kicked that thing
you know it went flying though
that was the number one song out a song
as well starting the day like a potato
but I'm gonna go get my hair cut don't
recommend it a place to get my hair cut
and I'm fearing it's gonna be expensive
what an awesome little piece of our that
is so I'm not too sure what she's doing
but that's me right now looking for
hairdressers it's not like that
I don't know where I'm going this is
like somewhere Jill recommended and like
Casper and all these guys I'll go
something like a dead fancy area I
usually got my hair cut for about a quid
so can't wait to say how much this cost
me
this is me looking like an absolute say
hopefully Zachary's gonna do a good job
just as long as I don't come out bald
I think we'll be okay why didn't see the
watch that is a fresh looking heck oh my
god
Zachary they killed it that's what be
the longest heck of a ride in my life
boy he did a really good job okay good
recommendation Joe but it cost me 81
pounds 50 feel like that should have
happen but did
hoping to look good if I can't I just go
like this shoes trainers shorts yeah
just rolled said oh I didn't like you
let's go all right Jose Jose a meeting
all day so I decided I got super fucking
okay this this is the tie this is the
suit obviously a little bit of a
brighter blue and then this little pinky
Michael I'm trusting you man of where we
blend in well at this wedding just like
that I've got my suit ready to rock and
roll I don't actually have shoes I did
bring shoes but they're not good shoes
so I gotta get some shoes well first of
all I gotta take this to get tailored
and they said I could get it during 35
minutes which if I can amazing thinking
this is my destination maybe okay that
was easy enough dropped off my pants got
45 minutes to kill I'm gonna see what's
in a local area that's annoying
I was just sitting inside a prayer and
just editing all my stuff waiting for my
stuff to be finished tailored and the
pret had to close down because they've
got no water pressure in the sick of
time everyone we've got no water to make
coffees with so I'm now stuck on the
streets like a bump
I need a bench that work to help Kanna
perfect timing went and sat in fret went
inside the park for like 45 minutes
editing my work clothes are done pick
two up knots ahead back to Jose Jose
roommate okay you've been using the
Wi-Fi right for like three minutes yeah
on the Wi-Fi you get a maximum of Y 30
to 40 download upload I've just changed
his life
Joe is hyper optic which means it gets
680 download 600 upload are you fucking
serious
I might just change your life you could
download every single game in the world
in about 5 seconds
you could alright this is gonna be 13
gigabytes
I accept can't wait see how fast this
downloads and it's gonna download the
entire game in three minutes okay hey
cube judge below changing life oh my god
that makes me sad really bad because
your first ever game you're running
through the bombing run area oh god with
no health and you've got to try and get
to the circle just there was no health
where he spawned unfortunately I was
just keep going dude oh fuck in hell
dude that was close they say lightning
doesn't strike in same place twice let's
hope that's the same with bombs you can
do it money you can do it this is like
this is squad
Joe we don't need you ain't good to
visit you again to play games Hama Homs
fridge Raiders but I'm a kinder egg
surprise which obviously a toy in it and
a tube is this is the life Texaco this
is false advertisement if I've seen
their this says but sheet potato chips
ready solid yeah look at the size of
them pretty big look at the real size of
it what the fuck is that you know what
actually it's kind of similar on the
packet my father was the picture
chip well that was the next one I fold
come you little bitch
the beer has to go down some calling you
out right on this straightaway 81 pounds
85 in 1 pounds your suit for my hair
caught a AC 181 pound fifty eighty one
pound fifty and the latte that I got
wasn't even free
was it a Power on your head but well be
I didn't even trim my neck what's that
is a nice jumper doh
turn round hey you see what it says on
the back Oh show me your tie first I
might not wear it I'm really not
confident on the collar oh isn't it
that's wedding that's weird it gave me
not ask us salmon fill it yeah it really
it gave you this enough and I was like I
trusted these fashion sense bought I'm
still not confident so I might I might
not wear a tie I might wear tireless
show me your tight are you put your own
what is this I polish you like dark it's
not dark enough you're great I don't
know what's going on here I don't want
any reference but I need you to read
that comment anyone else remember before
they went to Ireland they bet 200 pounds
on game of foosball when they go to
Joe's house are you ready we've got
every we got our final match tonight
yeah you just you and here's your phone
back - what on earth are you two doing
I've got dude alright fine
of course I'll press the shutter okay
like you're judging me for just sitting
here and I'm like all right you guys do
you you don't associate me with this
photo shoot in the slyest so what are we
what we tagging this boat was what was
the caption think about it yeah yeah I
love the emoji pants by the way real it
really added mom and touch right there
I'm saying this right now it's happening
the rematch is happening but I did have
the first one of my channel so if you
want to watch me and Joe foosball for
200 pounds the finale decider Joe's
channel Joe's channel you're going down
fat you bye it's official first at 10
Cheers easy I will film in a music video
or something oh it's on it's on this is
such positive vibes right now check this
out we're just kicking it back and we've
got a body aquarium in the background
it's cheaper than having real pets that
is much cheaper than having real person
if you had an aquarium that big bro
you need to win a lot more food
ballgames against me yeah I do I owe you
200 quid now I can I think we should
make it so we double it every time and
then me so that was 400 make it how
stupid I was 200 200 the first time I
think next was like 400 and 600 keep
going take it's big and one day we
decided this is have like a big game let
me just keep it going an ongoing battle
raise it up
this is kind of your idea that's what
you said your honor tell them what you
said well oh right you can do table
football so you can do table football
like yeah yeah copyright oh my god it's
even more relaxing Shakira show up
so what's happen is you somehow get
together a team we think we best I'll
get there on my team as my team bus is
your team and the winner the money goes
to them to put paid sports their chosen
charity yeah so a big chat if you like
all the all the youtubers who do like
football matches against each other
we're gonna do tails buckle foosball
tables table football I'm varied with
real people as the players
cuz they get like two people out there
who don't like football I don't to be
physically fit your arms get strapped to
your knees back your arms get strapped
to a pole with other people and then you
have to bless all about communication
between your teammates the key to it so
I don't get people have got a really
good hearing
you can make it so you have to go in
goal and I have to go in goal we've got
to commend our team from the back yeah I
mean you could have like a you've got to
have at least half girls half boys yeah
that'd be good
so how many do you need but work it out
three girls three boys wait check on the
table how many numbers 11 a team yeah we
have I want someone from the England
rugby team women team I was thinking
just youtubers yes so my buyers want to
try to get a boat there's not you to
want to get involved in that's know
England Cup rugby captain yeah yo if
you're out there you watching this you
wanna win David Beckham yeah my team
you're good any as any celebrities doing
real life table football human being
version things I mean gets like FIFA
legends involved like in my team Beckham
JK rowling what why you want a Harry
Potter know who else right fine
you have JK rowling I'll have a I'll
have Harry Potter himself I'll Daniel
Radcliffe hey Daniel storm I want the
mountain dog I won the mountain from
Game of Thrones
I want storm is cheating I wasn't gone
sea storm the upfront because he's got
easy so tall that he can pretty head it
down you'd think all right then I'll
tell I'll take his ginger counterpart ed
Sheeran I think ed Sheeran all right
cool I'll go for hey ed Sheeran stuns
because you're totally watching this
vlog wanna be on our team I'll get the
Carol Vorderman Carol Vorderman I don't
know why do it is that you are the
weakest link known as Anne Robinson
I want her good okay these are the
sickest teams ever
you know they have crazy golf table
football food and beers wait a minute
this is like a pilot then what
they're virtual reality
this guy is in the absolute
this is what he can see
Oh is he done okay be fast be furious
with a last race of the day
oh shit look at this it's like a second
fold right hold down drive your machine
and you just drive a nasty cap
it's great all right my team name is
minor chaos and I'm currently number one
on the board that's my car right there
right there that's my car
okay okay I'm not happy I'm not happy I
am NOT happy I hate you I hate you I was
behind you the entire race someone
passed it to me dude this is sick I came
second I guess that's good
you watched me three times three times
that is one of the cruising of no joke
them cars was so responsive but every
turn of the wheel was a perfect good I
would be if someone didn't keep gushing
to me that's all three times how he's so
proud of me
Hey did you see did you see this
I thought this guy worked it no he's
just playing on the screen off to win it
like this is right don't you suppose
right now the hot scores only 50,000 by
the way is that really easy oh my God
look at this what
I'm literally controlling this
I didn't get that crumble I get some
pigments game I play oh yeah not we're
currently playing on a projector screen
for pac-man Joe you're gonna die
I know you are you were telling me out
to play but you're really bad well my
poison I don't I don't know where's our
friends good bye they've actually gone
great success our friendship which a
good is that means they were too
engrossed in the game
Oh Oh
oh yeah Jose okay it's okay don't let go
let go it's fashion that is this is this
is beyond my daily vlog you're not a
stylist he's gonna cut my hair but I
mean I'm whatever I think I am before
after before now weirdest thing I may
have ever filmed what they ask some
big-ass urinal balls and there's so many
that this place smells like guess guess
what yeah you're right boss listen
my shoes are better than you oh oh yeah
we're playing guess it's bit we're
playing charades but you get cards and
it says what it is but I'm cooking bacon
and I used salt pepper and let me show
you secret ingredient Perry Perry so oh
my god trying to cook up the get in the
oven but pretty sure I've got it on the
wrong option so see if it cooks Oh sir
is your three bitches one three three
I've been nailing this shit right now
absolutely nailing it I don't even care
right now because oh oh no no no no so
you know what I'm gonna consider that
toast it come on I need this I need this
and then thank you miss miss Christmas
yeah kind of bird book kind of toasting
I'll take it
food
hi-yah Byron oh yeah I seriously wait
the entire time
whoever drink that is sorry why have you
got your smile your mom by gonna sure
that's his credit Dave you don't know
why have I just realized you were my
experience so I'm gonna leave that there
what is it it's a blanket another one
because they get cold actually why you
to just stare don't use the old-school
sinner and they go pop change purse
exchange for popcorn a lot of change see
you you can't go any digimon past 12:00
at night I won five chickens flat meal
sour cream sauce with large fries I want
a bottle water I want a chicken wrap
whatever the rap of the day is I'll have
that and six chicken no goes on a double
cheeseburger bread this is the really
good okay good luck
you save me this clip maybe one day this
will enforce you to get better probably
Endora Oh Mike you just leave me alone I
want to go to bed it's like it's
literally like Rose like to write it's
to coffee morning Byron thank you very
much for watching
make sure you leave a like crane
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. the next day the vlog until
then I'm trying to subscribe contained
on your notification belt as always I
saw dude no and as always I saw dude I
don't say that as my outro
I usually say adios but I say adios yes
I say and as always Oh Angus wipe my
nose for me I swear I'll shoot with
teamwork yeah I team what we are do it
at once and as always ah sorry ask dude
you gotta do the finger
oh sorry ask dude
