alright team votes forest suicides
I've never think about you'll want to
see a suicide forest in my life but I'm
down I'll put the AC on once that let me
just press the button Oh hands down one
of the companies night's sleep over the
HUD that just sounded like that
disconnected from the internet because
my blog oh yeah you do you vlogging that
will you log it which go and shout
you're in scrubs story everyone go
following waa and then L und I don't
know boom rate today it's actually a
nice day we're in a black shirt
sponsored by Sentinel today we're going
on a hike slash bike ride slash
adventure and we'll be fine
there's spider webs here there's snakes
there's dragons anything else me too
worried about bears dude we at bears
last night water got myself an Orangina
and I'm gonna get myself an expressed
cafe latte dude we're getting so
prepared folks is that bug spray Oh
Tommy if we could rent one of those that
would be so sick
it's like sixty dollars for three hours
and we get all cruise around on them bye
boys oh this shop is absolutely perfect
it's all secondhand use stuff that
people just rent for the mountain and
take up there so if you want to go up
three thousand seven and seventy six
feet five meters altitude then you can
how cool is that your snowshoes and
stuff if you need it sleeping bags fires
we could we could literally go camping
in the wilderness with all this gear now
you're gonna be so stoked knowing that
we've got rental bikes and we decided to
get electric it was like it I think like
an extra thousand yen to get it so we've
got electric bikes five of them for the
day to get around in
the heck are they doing oh they're
turning right yes what are they doing
the dryer our speakers on there oh my
god dude
what are they saying they're just
politicking like yeah oh my God look at
the size of that spider are you even
serious right now
that's insane what what oh no he's stuck
you know I'm gonna help you grasshopper
Christ if I'm gonna help you oh well no
aggressively don't get stuck I'm gonna
save you you save your life they're
saved enjoy your life yes sorry I stole
your meal mate but you look like got a
lot there anyway Oh sounds pretty cool
they have like really nice houses and
sculptures and then this little guy he's
supposed to donate and rub the tip and
apparently it brings you good look you
know where it counts in that right well
now I've got paid for touching the tip
this guy isn't cheap I'll give the penis
some cash unless you've got some new
date duties in Japanese ooh you better
know about fireworks yep and look at the
instructions don't aim at face yeah I
got a little plug of fireworks
absolutely focus on you you get a focus
on you know clear focus hello no focus
on that thing's oh well there's a
beautiful little caterpillar look at it
so right now we're actually just off
from the suicide price again this is
genuinely where people come and kill
themselves I don't know why it's a
tourist destination but it is it's over
here and we're on the middle of a road
where we're not commit suicide but we're
probably gonna get run over so that's a
tanuki you know and mario has the refuge
yeah from that no it's no and you see
those those are his nuts which he uses
to troll people in the forest he waves
them back and forth of people I love
this guy
I also look like you can buy mushrooms
here and get extremely high that may not
be accurate but it kind of looks like it
heavily allergic to wasps heavily a word
allergic oh my god that thing is
gigantic
don't try mess with me like that haha
he's just a prank death yo oh hell yeah
dude this is like one of their sparklers
this is well better than English look at
it
don't play with fireworks by the way but
that is incredible I know it's literally
nothing fancy bought and loved this
this is the path do they mention
anything around here about it being what
do people just come to the forest oh you
read online yeah I figured all this
would be about please don't do it about
your life I can survive in the forest
boys nah dude it's a it's a grub it's a
tree group scratch the inside because
that's like proof that they've been make
chewing into the tree
so it's like sawdust of the tree I'll
treat us whatever we've made it to the
ice cave we're not actually in the
suicide forest yet that's further down
the road but for now no this is what
we're doing
getting our tickets on is that good you
blend right in honest to god not like a
sore thumb or anything I hope no message
of the fireworks I'm a bike because in
the flat underneath I work to my Oakland
sunglasses okay so this is what they
want to climb by the way we're staying I
think even over here or over here and
then they want to walk all the way from
here hope to top of this mountain but
the weather's so bad that one
to do it so we said rats mice caves in
this general direction and this forest
you may think were asking
I didn't say ask a bore nice cave I said
I imagine if there's a rockslide now we
got trapped yeah yes come on Micah you
can do it come on
why is he coming backwards okay okay oh
he's a gangster oh yeah watch thy head
oh look at the material it's volcanic
we're here staring at basically ice
cubes in them we didn't look behind us
oh my gosh it was like a quick walk down
quick backup gun was worth it though
definitely just to kill themselves I'm
sorry to laugh II did but this is like
don't enter the moment you cross the
line you fell okay
this is happening it's like really eerie
and we're not exactly speaking okay the
track is getting a little less like
walked and we've not seen anything too
spooky just yet
looking spooky no the fact that we're
using an aerosol can to do this ribbon
is supposed to take you back to safety
so if you're thinking of killing
yourself and change your mind you can
lead your way back but the person didn't
emerge to finish the trail
look at that it's hanging down there
right in the white that is pretty not
cool
and this is look it ends one of those
things it's like why are you walking in
a forest where people kill themselves
you're looking to find someone who's
dead but we don't want to see anyone
going on right now is this a
turning-around point
don't break a leg please kappa guys
carrying your fat ass well if we found
check it out so what now a bad back
drink is your heart beating -
oh these metal sheet dude you know the
metal sheets keep himself warm well have
you picked it up dude there's something
here that is the handle of an umbrella
wow this is something sedative what what
you get it's translating
this is no joke my heart started racing
as we walked over to this I really
thought you're about to uncover a body
bro I was quite shitting myself I would
not bro it's not really something you
leave behind by accident it's not
something you leave behind he left
behind a tent yeah this is how do you
feel honestly how do you truly feel as a
human right now I really thought this I
thought that was gonna be the one moment
my life ended up here I really did
that's it and you walked off and we
found this so from what I'm reading it
seems like it's the box shows like you
know see right there kind of like a
sleepy yeah I think but the description
says in modern life people are required
to pay attention and be nervous to so
many things stresses and modern life
causes a variety of nervous breakdowns
what is a sedative tool for the purposes
to calm down over excitement and nervous
breakdowns so maybe one like a deer from
his friends knees like I could sleep
overnight please swear and you took a
bunch of like pills do I call him down I
don't know fighting the basket and lo
and behold so am i oh please Jenny
always see definitely right the fact
that we found that at the end was mad
dude the ice cave was good yeah I
thought it would give me a stupid like
30 minute thing it took it took him two
minutes I don't care it made me smile I
liked it all the way home without dying
otherwise it is a slug but I'm pretty
sure it's majorly downhill from here so
they thought about me I think they did
bye-bye
I lived the Japanese it absolutely great
anyway home time now and maybe some food
on the way back this is still a search
at first right I think so
oh shit you guys are going super fast
well let's go please let's start the
race yeah I'm using it to make me go
faster if you wonder why I'm talking
weird yeah moose hills burger this is
this is as Japanese as it gets bison and
whoever's bike that is is absolutely
sick look at the engine goddamn you know
you guys did the normal thing of
ordering one dish each not me burger I
had the chili fries and I have a ribeye
steak on the way it's that Japan's
cheapest it's I'm taking all of it and
an Oreo shake damn right I feed myself
by also theater thousand-degree speech
may we feasted like absolute king
yahooza this don't forget your
sunglasses
we feasted like kings I hurt some bears
walking Oh
keep her going boy keep her going we
feasted like absolute kings now we're
doing a smart thing of getting straight
but can our bike and exercising calm yep
Road way to go so perfect home sweet
home bikes are you not impressed that
they lasted all day
I don't you got to charge yours but the
fact that ours I really don't know all I
can say is these things were incredible
really really incredible all day of
riding it we had no idea what the symbol
for low battery was anything so nice are
you guys liking my Instagram well done
my photos oh yeah dude like legit if you
guys are follow me on Twitter a pro
syndicate on an Instagram at syndicate
put this wait wait wait
dude I'm killing it you are loved on it
thanks man we cracked the japanese-style
vodka we got yesterday kanpai that's
right come pie
compile boys Kampai Kampai Kampai
oh yeah compiled by mr. maybe hopefully
a successful flight wow it's beautiful
oh shit
dude the fact that you can get these
from a shop like ten dollars is insane
okay what about this one
oh dude I think these ones have Auto
this one's working Wow incredible
oh my god whoa well holy shit well oh my
god that's firework you've ever seen in
my life yeah you guys impressed my
firework display what you mean yeah but
I carried these rounded a suicide forest
for you oh god I don't know about that
some fireworks ad this is actually one
of the sickest fire ever just like that
and then you fold them up you bend them
up and then it's supposed to like get
it's supposed to it's supposed to give
it that does not seem that safe to me
bro this I was like this is a great idea
they go yeah no no we should support
with some wrongs yeah all right can you
all get 20 feet away
no wall I'm glad to spend $10 enough oh
wow really
I understand that it was gonna I thought
I thought that was a shooter I really
thought that was a shooter one fucking
die no you said that's what that could
be possibly the best photo of Travis
everything you took serious yes
subscribe which we live yeah before we
watch Rick and Marty on the brand new
razor blade foot in in chest like that
hashtag sponsor is the gunmetal razor
blade laptop actually description none
of this is I'm sponsored but this one's
a video book there's no TV in this
building but there is a fat Sikh speaker
system so we're gonna set it up get some
snacks come back and watching the new
recomme episodes so these bad things
this is what you do after a day of hard
go ride I've caught this one oh my
bright red and then we're gonna go snack
up maybe get a few more fireworks and
see how the night
like a monkey hi for some shit like that
just like we need good food for what
Jean Rick get Mert a pre-made hotdog
there man I'm finally doing it I'm gonna
buy a ramen from here and just see if
it's any better than Tommy ramen if you
don't know what dummy ramen is Google
dummy ramen it's the best noodles in the
world no way it's kinda like super
noodles but on steroids but I'm gonna I
don't want to like a pot noodle I don't
wanna cover noodles so I'm gonna go for
one of these this is like this is what
dummy ramen is this stuff down here I
did this looks pretty good this looks
really good but I'm gonna go for one of
these and I think I'm gonna I think I
know I think for this one wait what new
bizarre kept now whatever no I tried to
try it out are looking at this what work
does it say now she don't tell me common
black hand yeah that's just useless how
clear is it noodles Bowl that many
noodles kettles boiling ingredients so
you've got once a shake no idea another
Sasuke I think that's like the dusty
sauce but then it goes with this this is
supposed to be white the meat that goes
in it it's paper it's paper thin
nothing too
Ricca mo is an amazing shop that's all I
say oh wait nail they're totally joking
about relationships and stuff this ramen
by the way is what do you call it Tom
this is blood Fuji black and it looked
disgusting actually incredible it's good
chewy mat chewy very pepper it was not
what it looked like on the packet in the
slightest we looked like a bunch of
teenagers that just threw apart your
house
there's cans of beer laying everywhere
parts of ramen noodles also sausage fast
food just watch Ricky Martin it on a
laptop we can actually look at what
you're drinking is shitty 6% orange beer
clearly a picture of an orange day yeah
but it was lemon oh really
yeah you know he's tasty you try it well
your bunch of thugs that's all I can say
on that note looks Oguri Tom the
translator by the way he's in bed for
the night kion's over there fight his
ass off no it was not you fired because
you weren't there alright and and you at
horse by the way oh yeah
what did I eat your heart up there
either way guys I'm gonna end today's
vlog so thank you very much for watching
if you are living these Japanese vlogs
and you want to share with your friends
click Share on Twitter on Facebook that
I know if you want to see some random
adventures cuz we got like 4 days left
I'm just random stuff to do so until
then make sure they like brain subscribe
ding dong a little notification bell
next to it and it hopefully will give
you more notifications of what I
actually post rather than you missing my
vlogs all the time because sometimes
people are like yeah before cuz it it's
6 p.m. and that's when you can expect
tomorrow's vlog 6 p.m. next daily vlog
which look and be awesome they also have
to do an end piece of promotions like
you guys now too
tene 9th of september we're dropping the
limited-edition viet line black and gold
if you've ever seen a collector's
edition before you know what it looks
like it's dropping on the 29th it'll be
available for pre-order for 3 days and
after that don't dust it and you'll
never ever be able to get it again so
mark your calendars the 29th I believe
that either 12 o'clock or 6 p.m. there's
a big time difference there book back
your calendars if you want to get one
make sure you're ready
