random introduction to oddball there's a
proven lapse
that's my bedroom on my bathroom and
this downstairs proved well I'm fully
bollock naked so I can't really give you
a on a found a snack for the road okay
tried that we took her on the first date
that was a massive no then we managed to
try this we took her oh this we took it
yesterday absolutely massive now what
was the craic is that good
the difference in Americans snacking
right now is incredible like Yuri in
seaweed wrap rice you know salmon and
you're eating a corn dog a jumbo
American diet is called jumbo American
dog one more tight train and then a bus
journey for two hours is the tightest
searches hit coffee shop very nice look
at this they make it all in this little
cupboard and you got one and then your
fancy roast and by the way just because
you wanted to boom roast yourself yeah
we've not lost them we don't we don't
their translator dude let's go to north
made that neighbor maybe we're back at
the big famous crossing this is like
where the Yukon the directional walk
where wherever it's called so oh there's
a boys oh there is the blue shirt we got
we dude we on track stand out like sore
thumbs here walking around with like
bags but to make things worse walking
around with one of these so we truly
look like tourists right now oh it
smells like crap Oh bananas looking
pretty good but I got turned from a cell
phone app what is that
what is that I'm a clue about Trump had
myself an apple because that's what I'm
feeling right now feeling a damn I know
I did yeah there's some bigger scrapes
if I was yeah I'm assuming this other
seed in it right no but dude that's the
biggest creep who ever seen my life that
almost says that wine yeah can I get
these taste really damn good though for
cow cheeky oh snap
yep that's flickery as fuck for you guys
window seat window seat you guys have to
ride next was tall that's it there's a
what yeah apparently this is gonna take
us to where we need to go we have
hydration and we're loading up and
jumping on auto got Thor that's me
saying thank you to the guy for loading
my stuff and I like the signs
I like this ass is that first class a
woman always yeah we're on a two-hour
journey and we've got this entire bus to
ourselves every 10 minutes I'm gonna
change see we're driving best in
military but you guys doing what you get
are they preparing for the nukes
what yeah cool he looked at me right in
the eyes I'm scared
Oh what the hell that is sick you wanna
climb that and
and you think you could do that in six
seven hours wearing during the Varnum
wearing trainers bro you're crazy okay
this is just me filming trees right now
that is absolutely ridiculous
hey it's higher than the clouds is it
volcano oh my goodness may have made it
to work destination gateway food
Fujiyama look nailed it this is our
current situation
we're rolling like tourists this is
anything a little like cut down
backpackers right now trying to find our
air B&B hopefully we find it soon as
apparently it's not that far away make
your way to the I told her studio
take a left to the trip house and pack
it says hostel so that's trying to even
get my bag on this come on I'm not
scared of spiders but the thing's crazy
be it by 30 of those things what
happened I was like I was walking it's
because Japan is just Pokemon if you
walk in the grass I was like oh that's a
cool path I walked in I walked through a
straight up like high school of them
like like 3000 do I got like on me and I
thought you like I got back and I
searched and there's sweet yeah you get
astragal hey see these are the kind of
doors I was expecting everywhere yeah
this is nice Oh got a sitting down table
oh sweet
it's not some woman here this is the
wait that's the bathroom
oh wait slide it
whoa what so cute what the hell you to a
ball go get it get it hey honey you're
having a nice bath yeah you're vlogging
look life of Mike where's the beat where
does the beat drop it he'll do it oh
he's pushing oh my fucking god
this is like a medicine store apparently
but I like how they're using this to
stoner to sell what is this this oh no
that's not what I think
wait what I'm pretty sure I just picked
up a sex toy I think that's a sex toy
I thought the adult concept Rolly is try
me wait what no surely not out wait what
was he found was he found
what is it oh yes oh yeah we've been
looking to mess with like a really cool
mask over here are these ones that they
just like it's like so if they're l
they're confident sneezy and it's not
going on other people and stuff
respectful true sensory overload over
here look at it it's just everything and
anything going off at once come good
fish oil maybe I don't know they sell
beer in here and in Japan you can drink
beers anywhere any time of day
walking around the streets anything not
a problem you won't get in trouble for
it and an industrial ton of ramen Wow
hey Tom they sell beer yeah we got beer
if you want it brewskis yeah I'm gonna
come drink whiskey yeah Jameson now this
might all look like bigger like some of
its like real real be like Asahi I think
we know that's good stuff what this is
fake bit yes so basically what this is
to avoid any kind of
of regular fear and other alcohols they
do a different slightly different
brewing process and it's actually this
is the outcome of it this is the it's
really bad for you it's cheap and you
get really bad hangover if you drink too
much of it we recommended Asahi okay oh
my gosh that is like the cutest baby
teething thing I think I've ever seen
it's a natural banana on the plane yet
these bad boys I've been trying to find
them and I've just found three different
flavors of them this looks like normal
and then spicy flavor
yes oh my god it's so cheap oh yeah it's
so good in Japan what what's your in
Japan yeah this looks like we're about
to have a paw in here we rolled up with
a six-pack of beer enough food for like
a small village and we're ready to go
what's this this cleans your shoes I'm
tempted I'm very tempted it only costs
100 yeah but then what are you gonna do
if I shrink my ab ultra boosts not not
gonna be a fan of that it's a trick of
trying new things this is basically lack
ot√°rio orange addition carry yep well
I've always wanted to try oh dude no no
is that it does loosen up before old
number 7 Jackie venues all number
Seven's Janice Lee hurry ski she try it
oh dude I heard it's the good stuff bro
dude no careful with it it's really
expensive and it's really treated
respectfully ok Joe is that what is that
considered a 14 do you guys drink his
wine or is he sucking no it's not like
they surely spread them huge Brooks
massive this soju yo can we just buy
this Japanese star vodka was he made
with show to she's telling us what her
favorite alcohol is can you add
subtitles I heard the apparently this
area is known for its rice and OMB good
local soccer so that's that's rice wine
yes 1800 how much does that 15 bucks
okay where's that coming from like a
nearby church or something what does it
mean what is six it got me in here just
like that's the time
yes hey whoa don't give your fingers
away from my ass how come he's the bed
really so this is made from barley you
can have a japanese-style barley vodka
what it's poly barley wheat okay we oh
hell yeah I was gonna say to have shot
glasses but it's not glued to Tsutaya
to suit a our cultural convenience club
and by the way that says video CD what
the heck oh my god what the hell is
happening here by the way this is the
counter grass that Ash walks through in
Pokemon no joke we just had this
discussion this is this this even this
grass is long this is why Pokemon was
invented because this is the size that
grass is walking through everyone's like
if it's just a little bit of shrubbery
you know do there if you walk you will
find Scyther that is a big a spider web
and whoa there's a bicycle gang over
here bicycle gang we headed into the
turning wheel let's go oh hell yeah
yes time goes by
what would you beat up you're not gonna
get in you didn't wear a t-shirt it's a
dress code right is everything good okay
if we don't get pregnant
if we don't get in now because you and
your tank top two tenacious Ness I mean
sorry sorry I meant she long hair oh
yeah I'm so about this life right now oh
my god
yes yes I always wanted to do weight was
your shoes okay I mean oh my god yes
we're oh this is exactly what I was
hoping we were doing
yeah I never ever doubted it guys we're
going this way
oh my god yes yes yes yes yes this is my
aesthetic we're doing this I'm so
excited oh my god I had no idea
it's an underneath that came to the
table so some people like there are
kneeling and sittin like because I talk
to those two because this is the way
this is the Western Tommy's it's
actually ignorant I've got them hello
arigato thank you
combined is chance like when you choose
a drink and then goodbye is ESPYs with
an ass
watch always take me to think of sorry
Oh snow suck suck it got it
sayonara look dear they got bad bear I
guarantee they don't actually know no is
there like Lobster to them
bear yeah yeah this is bear it's 3,500
yeah
lived a lob ball it's $35 for beer
versus you've got ten bucks bad beef the
fun plate where's everything dog I can't
eat turtles Asya kind of a rice porridge
all a cart rush to the Frog it's my bugs
we're gonna eat the fish I'm gonna be
the first person out of all of us to try
this no it's good
bitch don't go mama this is raw hauls
correct
you're gonna eat raw horse it looks like
it's a bit of a Trinity oh it's just a
really fat horse but right
actually yeah who's known to incredibly
we write them they're our friends
where's the rest of this and just be
over here
it's raw Horace stop horsing around give
us an answer what is it
I probably give it a three journey dog
cuz they're man's best friend you don't
eat your friends it's screwed up right
you I just like my friend boys made your
entrance
well yeah person is just our friend
stupid part Arden are cows not our
friends because I have to admit I kind
of wish I didn't snack before we came
out that looks like an insane motion oh
no it's good video is your fault
oh that looks cheap
it is very chewy did you try it what do
you got
marichuy walked me through the bear you
ate a raw horse and now you're eating a
bear good give me a one what do you
think chewy ten we got a good out of ten
no no game yz6 one get gaming six point
five down I I think it would be gaming
yeah waiting to hear Jesus unfortunately
I miss it the first time from chalice
hey Travis is he do I reach these kids
all right this is it we've eaten enough
of this food Tom your dish out of 10
I'll let your I'll respect it yours I'm
a solid 5 it was nice
the broth is good yeah I had this well
come on the atmosphere is a completely
moving the food this is like a 10 out of
10 atmosphere great this today's blog by
tomorrow's I will officially create a
Yelp when I do it description no I think
it's like a thousand people follow me I
become a personal favor if you're super
conversation dying of food coma dying in
food we're walking all the way back now
from the restaurant to the place oh you
know son died I don't know what happened
to recording that but we're walking back
to the place where we've done the
laundry don't know to how say what that
says don't know what it is these
machines always there when we need them
it was like we go home everyone was
exhausted
lie down in the bedroom like ready to go
live on YouTube cuz I fell asleep the
blog was laid by 20 minutes or something
so look like oh no problem and
everything but the Wi-Fi broken
in the house and it was really us though
I can't overlook my father overnight
tonight which I'm really worried about
because at the wi-fi's down I'm gonna
get it up so it this vlog nice to make
it on YouTube didn't make sure you leave
a like rating cuz the dedication is real
and I saw the Plus
