I feel like I'm doing this wrong I'm
going up the hill
not down it hello Gatsby are you guys
friends yet I think lose a little bit
too tired to be able to you and me our
you're someone that so I guess Lunas
just still not used to she's really nice
yesterday they will ring around after
each other really happily and playful
and all that but then still still hates
him well Lunas currently pooping it's a
good girl and where's Gatsby let it's
fine it's B where is he where's the cat
Elise meet Gatsby Gatsby
maybe called gods be me Alice he's big
these claws are so big he got me with a
scratch like a savage last night he's
like I don't know what Doritos put me
down yeah this is this is for cat frenzy
we've got a scratch post go on go get
him with the laser we're using my
temperature gun as the laser pointer oh
here we go
he loves it I don't think we would you
shot on the sofa you did where is it
where is it oh oh it's a tick leepu hmm
that looks beautiful
I'm the king of the castle you'll never
get this Wow only where I lick my hand
look how cute she's just sat there I
wanna play on the tower okay kitty cats
you have fun playing all right don't
kill each other
we'll be back we're going snowboarding
cut ha yes guy eighties BMW okay I have
to say this is not guys car
this is lady's back
Oh whoa calm down bro calm down
you guys this is called dig dig TIG dig
do you guys play TIG I'll tag if you're
American I know you play tag I know if
you're British you play TIG you can we
chat a bit my room now hey welcome to
the year this chill factor it's
literally right there right above you
are you excited are you excited we're
going to win are we ok there it is
there's the bigger slope people falling
on it is pretty big when you up there
looks even bigger you want you'll be ok
you got this
the struggle is real I don't own a set
of boots like this mine are the twist
ones I've not tired shoelaces like this
in about seven years
here we I'm not no warden in a minute
why not so proud of you look at you
skiing up a hill so why I've not been
snowboarding in about six months you've
not been in about six years together
together we'll make it well
unfortunately as you can see it's just
me and Lydia because the other two
they're doing lessons to try and see if
you like it so the book giving a skiing
ago so see how that goes I tried to get
him to do snowboarding but it was later
on in the day so unfortunately another
time he's got to do it okay you can do
it these two poles forget some poles
after this let's go
oh am I really gonna try and do
this while filming
okay
how dinner I can't somehow remember to
still stand up on a snowboard so that's
a that's I guess a good thing otherwise
I'd just be pure potato mode I'm not
about crashing first time down come on
yeah check it out she's a beast you're a
natural
there she is approaching she had posed
this time and she colorful butterfly l'm
going Q I like it I'm loving it look at
the bomb oh yeah Oh put your butt to
take that that little kid I was like
savage confident what you look stupid
I'm recording are we struggling here or
something yeah you know that mate wow
that's really your zoom out with you hey
guy can you up Lydia rounds or but you
have to say my ginger homie over there
is an absolute legend it took us like 15
plus minutes to get our boots and all
that like yeah pretty Curie I'm like yo
this guy's the best bought because it
like we we paid for an hour on the
slopes he lost like 15 20 minutes stood
there waiting for a boost or what's it
15 20 mix Wayne for bitch I just told
the do is like just like a customer
feedback he was like oh don't worry I'll
hook you up and give you a free our sofa
come back I mean they've got free hour
an hour ride again what a legend anyway
how how was yours are you ready - are
you upset that you didn't do
snowboarding or did you have a good time
skiing yeah he wants to be it wants to
be approached read the Nara not a Paul
Anka oh I have to say this I feel bad
about this I call him Caprio Suns but it
did just fly out to me there's no a in
it Capri Capri Sun so is it Capri Sun
polly was Caprio is an oven thing and
I'm sticking with Capri your son Oh take
it stick that that's not an oven thing
that's UK thing you're just drunk oh I
am i doing
what are you doing with your phone it's
all over the place
ah it's like you're pissed put it down
he just keeps rotating Steve I've not
scraped it most cars that come down a
descriptive specially for people and oh
oh oh good
back-end oh go on guy lad the both feet
at the same time oh my god that makes me
so happy I just hope you like it go
without hissing to each other and stuff
good vibes yeah I like that
oh I don't like it whichever one you
shot on the cellphone post food clean
down well I know they can't see each
other cuz there's a box in the way but I
am assuming and hoping that they can
deal with being in the same room as each
other I'd get me wrong I know cats play
but like the hissing that comes from
Luna he's a bit it seems a bit mean when
all he wants to do is play so hopefully
they are they'll get along and heshes
mesmerized look he's mesmerized by the
raindrops outside oh that's cute this is
how this this is where you get it from
this is how you know how to cook for a
big squad thank you very much
sorry about a bit moisture that I want
to do for this one just make your Uncle
Dave teach me how to make some chickpeas
Dave please teach me how to make some
poop chicken pieces please some flour
listen I will not
this is on record I'll not turn on you
secret recipe I'll take it to the grave
I think you might be writing it down you
walked off with a jar and I may be going
home with some sort of a chicken sauce
you've seen her give it a 10 out there I
had to give an 11 out of 10 months so if
he comes back with a mixture for me to
take off and cook with y'all there mate
what's that what's this that's not you
just give me salt and pepper that's all
I need to do okay time for it can I keep
this for okay I can't share this in
video it's alright he's weed
he's food and weed in the same spot now
hmm weird
it's like the toilet roll poking your
eyeball if you keep pissing and
on myself of eight in it look at the
boat plane I love them you found the
fast asleep on top of each other Oh
be so cute oh my god is so so cute now
it's closed round oh look how sick this
is this is an unspun surd statement
about a sponsor thing I'll be doing in
the future but look how sick
this is I got in poem this game
I got sunglasses on I got my t-shirt on
in game and I got an S syndicate logo on
the ground I'm gonna just oppose me dude
that is so sick these two well
I'm gonna say this now on camera but
these two are getting along much much
better they're not constantly attacking
each other and they pretty much always
seem to play fight so that's a good
thing look at the size of him though
ugly looking big big and you're getting
there you little so as soon as I
walked out the room then he pissed yeah
if someone knows cats well don't go down
there as soon as I walked out the lounge
this little bugger jumped up on the sofa
let me show you what be spying on me
though this little booger as soon as he
saw me leave the room jumps up on this
sofa and pissed again like what we've
been doing when he's been using that to
like God a little trailer cat he's to
keep putting him in in the litter like
when he tries to pee and clot and grab
the hands and I pour their hands into
the the cats and to like get them to
think that this is where I'm supposed to
pee and it was littering
he was litter trained at home like with
it with the other people who raised him
when he was not problem but now he's
like food there once he's pissed there
twice and then earlier on he peed in the
garage but in the corner of the garage
not the litter tray in the corner
carriage so he's got his own separate
lips right now but we don't know what's
going on so if I don't have any advice
comments below really really helpful
thank you and fYI we're not putting
these here to be like enticing of he
come and pee and poo here like we're
trying to hide the sofa and stop you
from getting rekt I feel like I should
put box he's on it and stuff to really
stop him from doing it but I don't to
piss them in different places of the
sofa either so it just sticks to one
place for now it's not the end of the
world
Chase Begins look he's looking he's like
I know she's a nut is cute and I'd known
the brother and sister if they're cut
I'm adorable stop in my house sir
please stop just literally stop
clearly up to no good
hoon is a good little kitty she knows
where to go she knows where to scratch
and you know where you need to go I've
decided you need your own words right
this one's yours
this one's yours no I know it's
absolutely tiny for your book oh she
actually needed the toddler teamwork
take your time and your sister will show
you how it's done
look he's like he's off cut see what are
you doing what is that pose what is that
oh let's go
this better be some evaded
you've been such a bitch Luna and that's
the end of the daily vlog I know it's a
lot of kick Katniss going on because and
like not a lot of me talking about I
have to explain and I will explain in
tomorrow's vlog that Lydia is really not
well that entire day or end of the day
Lydia was in bed in absolute agony so
I'll tell you guys what's going on there
she's okay now
but she was really where's she bad she
was really bad so I'm not just making it
up but I'm basically cat sitting both
these cats now and guy at the same time
so I'm looking after guy into cats so
it'll hopefully go well but I hope you
enjoyed today's vlog hope you enjoyed
the cat I think we are for now sticky
with Gadsby and so for some reason we
decided different name makes ends it was
supposed to be a Gatsby he is a Gatsby
and he keeps pooping and
pooping and pissing everywhere
that he's not supposed to do but look at
him least they're playing and they're
friendly and happy and you chase each
around the house and that makes me happy
so hopefully my mom gets happy these two
will be even well behaved for her so
thanks for watching today's vlog leave a
like rating subscribe ding dong that
Bell as always follow me on Twitch much
gonna be live stream right now the
minute you see this vlog go up under the
live streaming on Twitch or twitch.tv
photo syndicate I'll get you guys later
adios
