and here it is it's a new dawn it's come
join with this boy
dude are you doing a while it's been
five months
so Jeffrey are you ready to get drunk
and do cool shit in Japan this is it
we're beginning our journey we've
already lost our camera guy
we've already lost Josh from razor and
we're about to get on the railway and
head to our air B&B which will hopefully
go successfully but I also need to try
and get my vlog uploaded and I don't
know how long it's gonna take us to get
there so fingers crossed this worked out
smoothly okay so I'm officially richest
fuck in Japan Josh ten ten thousand yen
how much is that again hundred books
yeah ten thousand no what does he go
legit what's the highest know what they
do here one hundred thousand are we
going to go away you know away you know
powering away you know I didn't see it
alright we're going
wait this is 7-eleven here deeper bus
will be in America we're fine oh ye
Sookie yeah why is everything got cute
animals on it what does that mean
oh so this is probably what I'm gonna
need a mobile article rent up what Wi-Fi
rental I think they've got these all
around the world but if they do like
unlimited data and it's super fast I
could do again destination stop what is
that that melon bread but I think that's
melon bread I read that on the plane
just saying I'm pretty sure that is
melon bread is the fate I think it's a
famous treat they do yeah dude a jerk
ones that's why I said one Jorge that
lady Recep
we got waffles undermanned in here look
at that sounds good don't even know what
that is oh it's disgusting I know yeah I
just bought some invisible thunder I
don't even know this is
like hot dogs
what flavor is it I don't know I think
charity that's peach how did that all
right so our first adventure we may be
on the wrong train damn it Josh so
irresponsible just look at it just
looking look at that green car man yeah
I could see a temple in the back oh now
I wanna go there I'm so excited to be
here we got on here and then we did one
stop to stop the three stop we just
passed this station I never got to this
one this one this one this one this one
this one this one and to get to that
once we've got eight more stops to go
which is probably gonna take us an hour
it looks like I'm looking at like a
wiring schematic you tell him you you
got us on the wrong train we could have
just got on here in a straight line
school-specific it
school's out boys school's out why's
that under so depressed
I agree with took a statement that is a
suspicious-looking pander it's like a
million switches and I do not know what
to do it's a poster play me music but it
doesn't so I guess it's I guess it's
broken I hate to say it especially not
hot dog can we trust you this time yes
yep on you okay we're taking this train
to your pongy and
hopefully we should get our destination
okay that train got hell that crowd all
right we've made it to the next station
which oh wait wait how do we now get to
where we're going so Tokyo so far is
great man
it is rainy up in Tokyo I'm so happy to
be here oh my god this is not a hotel
we're waiting for nuba we're now trying
to hail a cab us at a police station no
joke that's the police station this
looks like summer out of Blade Runner
and the police guy is got a big wooden
stick I'm not gonna measure that without
a friend over here so about it oh hell
yeah
whoa what's up yeah your head looks
fucking beautiful
this is my room this is one of these
okay this is a very crazy
oh yeah oh yeah this is great
this is took his room oh this is nice
the bones oh no what we see in the
morning well done boys well done what
there is a Wendy's that dares me like oh
my god I'm so cultured Wendy's fried
chick number one done just it and
goodbye thank you thank you sorry to put
you in the face all right now about why
we're going to Whoopi gold burger
I'm a shoe this is the office sketchy
side street we're going into our
restaurant yes I can t beat it can I be
all right can we make it she doesn't
look confident
oh yeah the Hamburg is come with
homemade pate lettuce tomato onion and
look how we grow we'll probably evolved
we keep going and then it keeps going
and going and going until you get this
this is so cool like it's literally
these people are us to here and then
this is this is where we're eating yeah
how stoked you about this trip dude we
finally did it we've finally doing we
said it with travel you get fist bump as
welcome over we're fish bumping the fact
that we finally made an adventure around
the world how terrifying and yet like
you said on our first night in Japan
we're not even here we're definitely in
the hamburger that's pretty good you
gave us a 7 out of 10
yo hey yeah I'm going Pranay as well
this was really good I didn't even take
the onions up which I don't want I
didn't say the pickles off which I don't
like and it was amazing together so I
found the one thing that I knew they had
in Japan pocket tourist there is so many
people look at how many people there is
this is like the famous Japanese
crossing look at it oh bottle what this
is madness
this is just madness I like trains oh my
god is you know absolutely still went
through and I look like a potato right
now but we cut we made it we've made it
to our destination I'm so went through
book till I appreciate you holding the
umbrella man finally made it to Tokyo
when I went story time this dog statue
right here is a guy came to the train
station every day just behind me and the
dog used to come with him and he'd leave
it here and it would sit here all day
whilst he was at work and then when he
come back from work it just picked the
dog up and go home unfortunately the
owner died and when the owner died the
dog just sat you constantly waiting for
his order to come home and the owner
never came home and then the dog died so
when the dog died they built this statue
remember the dog thanks for telling me
the story man his name is bachi corn
that Chico it's like I'm pretty sure
they stole them that this story for
Futurama you know Fry's dog ever enough
yeah I stopped by the cryo chamber wait
for it
I'm waiting there it is
I'd say I know what that says but I
really don't judge me you know really
said to press dead dog at least they
honored him right we're doing the cross
shamrock we did it
and that's my tourist tourist stuff for
the day done seeing a dog
watch the road sweat that's where me and
my boys hang out
draft beer 360 I don't know how much
that is this is a cool a street oh man
I'm loving it dude just tell me it's not
me
does it not stink of rot an ass who walk
in front of me then is it open drain
that is where is it nasty but look at
this place man well this is truly in the
thick of Japan right now follow me
sneaky Devils wish it was not raining
I'm like Paul I know we're bowling full
blown potato 11 11 hours on a plane into
rain I know it didn't super tired just
still wet through but we we've made it
I'm gonna go it into I don't know where
we're going right now but we're going in
a bit whoa what the hell is down there
sketchy ass calm
Keon so can't avoid basements and people
who tried to give you tickets to see
girls yes just like Vegas just like
Vegas ah yeah look at that guy what a
bro
Oh
this fall
it's actually my we're literally gonna
go know it did anyone press a button
okay every it's like a zipper it's like
like this wait
there's behind this one but go up and
over time that's magic yes smash it
this looks good some of this looks super
good
Oh bad decisions remain oh look at that
ramen look at that ramen took her you
want ramen oh yeah oh yeah I'm so I was
in a plane I had like 4 hours sleep 11
hours on the plane he slept about an
hour on the plane
Friday night Japan though we should be
going down thank you I got the I'll be
saying those many accents out there as I
can home sweet home
I sprinkled your ass I think I need to
speak to like a psychiatrist it I press
the button and I didn't think it was
gonna do anything and then like two
seconds later a jet stream went right up
my asshole no no no no no no do not
spritz my backhaul
good night Josh I'm gonna close you two
little doors look at that chill out I'm
gonna brush my teeth get in bed and go
to hell to sleep because I tell you what
man I'm so exhausted
it's one of those like yesterday's one
could be traveling here was it me feel
very much because I was stuck on a plane
for 11 hours and then today's vlog
hasn't really been much of a virgin pan
so far because I started the blog at
like 5 p.m.
well not not even that like 6-7 p.m. so
I started a vlog so like tomorrow's
world will truly be a full day of being
in Japan and I cannot wait for it so I'm
just gonna lay in bed for a minute and
just oh wait what is this rice listen I
think it's sound I got in bed and then I
could hear this really annoying dripping
sound so I've come to this door which is
creepy as hell
check this out oh you push it what this
is that's my bed I thought there was
like a monster and slowly like gain
closer and closer and closer to me
luckily no monster so I can relax and go
to bed now I actually don't know what to
through this window so should we try and
no I do here again like I said it might
seem a little bit strong but tomorrow's
he's giving you a full-fledged caring
day and I've got the problem right now
without my charger in Japan doesn't work
you saw me by the airport yesterday
buddy doesn't work because it's got a
pronged extra so it's would be - and
it's got the - but then it's got a third
extra and I can't remove it so to get my
charge working so I'm literally
surviving off my moppy moppy packs that
I look like Floyd charge well so much
has we follow so and the blog a thank
you very much for watching make sure you
leave a like and if you're excited for
the rest of that you found blogs I'm
gonna be here to let the 29th so that
should be pretty sick and I'm going to
Tokyo Game Show tomorrow so that should
be pretty cut down way just expect a lot
of weight so positive in Japan so thanks
what you like right subscribe I'll see
you guys next empty next head look stop
dude
