good morning will this is what I've
woken up to a little cat a little kitty
cat scratching a little cat a little
kitty cat scratching wait Luna's first
time chasing a mouse look look a little
face oh oh are you finding it nice and
comfortable in this room now because
that's probably where you guys - English
the town it's just you and me at home
but I'm gonna to leave you now actually
I'm taking you okay listen we're taking
you to go pick up mommy and then we get
a moment and then we're going seeing
your auntie auntie Alice and Grandma huh
mom you ready it's okay I'll take good
care of your little one but yeah
everyone off the syndicate original so
she's having an adventure welcome to the
Audi okay now you've got a toy so you
shouldn't need to scratch my Sade
suede seats okay so fall sorry I'll get
off here so how about you get comfy how
about you get comfy and dad I'll Drive
nice where you going hey going you know
that's the one place you just you would
not go ever and you keep trying to get
down towards my feet
why stop it stop doing it stop doing it
next step of the day we've collected the
wife we're taking the cat to go and see
syndicate original but I mean I
basically mean it my mom and my sister
if I need to pick up five K's on the way
so let's find Dennis in five days no I
mean I'm picking up five guys on the way
where is she you're right down there how
was that journey mom don't race me I'll
be back in a minute
it's like the hardest decision in the
world I'm Scott what got even more
complicated I just wait fun orange don't
even think about running away all right
chill there then this is the goals
travel travel around the little kitten
little Luna this she was supposed to be
in a bed on the floor and she's like no
I'm good I'm good at that flat she said
to me when we were headed she said to us
I Drive just like it today with dad
today
there you go hey stop it she she's not
used to being handled too much yet so
she's a bit this is your auntie Alice
and mom mom this is Luna oh she's well a
period news
it's really interesting do you like a
mom oh the big ass shirt is available
now city original dot Wow Alice newsy
azzam Lily if you got a sales picture is
just we have adorable cats that was buy
a cat food buy t-shirt why Stein you
know like that lose that looks normal
oh that's better good that was weird do
you approve is this so first of a color
no way perfect
get your color now it's Cindy Coco oh my
god you looked adorable have you
discovered you can be really comfy like
this like holder like a phone nice is
that okay now I push you away and leave
bye bye don't you jump look you crazy
girl I get a free head massage here
which is great little kid he's fast
asleep oh my god will you pay a
freshening moment tonight okay yeah mom
you should even get the little boy get a
little brother is the same quarter or
you should get a little girl wait is it
another boy it's a girl don't put you in
evolving I make fun when you've been
hitting all day look okay
your auntie Alice I love that color shot
this time do keep back oh I challenge
you to find me one person who doesn't
think she's adorable
everyone you look a little bit
comfortable there cap and we're gonna
have to upset you cause mom needs to get
out and then you me gonna go home and
stream okay teamwork teamwork makes the
dream work
buzz can you cook this for me okay
oh that's Wesley bit less I'm good
Wesley I'll throw you one day you don't
like when you're a kid and yeah women
don't leave you in the car because you
sleep in I feel that's what I should be
doing with Luna because it's very hot
I'm gonna get out oh yeah do it live up
that chicken do it stop the Lubar
chicken ah-huh that what I just bought
oh yeah lube magic all right I don't
make okay Babs you look you smile they
know I knows we where's she are you
ready for some food poisoning
you throw it out for this away here they
got nice wait what you get what you got
customers sausages to eat can you so you
look poster come on come on goodish
sunset Hey so well say sunsets and still
in the body sky looks gorgeous
oh you joke this is the first time we
met says it you noticed it I'm sure he's
grown
I can officially say Steve meeting the
kitten was an eventful she decided to go
for Ken with a fluffy steak over a
Bailey dragon okay of course dude their
own scale of size right now that'd be a
pretty epic battle to the death
well you know hopefully not in the devil
it's not saying that hey what would he
get look he's got a massive bite on him
but then again she does have fangs so
let's did she really just not bothered
in his life you've definitely outdone
you sir are you carving it whose cabinet
I'm a and I'm the man of this house but
like I don't know if I'm lipstick ow
I don't I don't I have a not have a
carving knife but I'm not good at cabin
Matt's dad to do it me this is a kind of
dumb dinner well done with you the wife
cooked all this I didn't help
I watched me oh I could have helped
anyway there's nothing I could have done
babe
well done more DL guys I think dinner
sir so you like to get up your asses
quit eating food that is 2d work to done
is it no is it not a sharp knife
I hope my dad tries to cut the chicken
and it just grazed it I made this
fearless no good well yeah about it you
look at your pages so smug I know
blow she's nailed it all right it feels
like cheesecake I had to fight it was
gonna feel like war no vents I proper
settled on it oh no no no no no no no
he's okay it's okay no no you gotta
decide which one of these would go far
okay so whichever one you stand on first
we're gonna use you ready and in the
middle no way I'm trying to melt your
heart
look I said you old boy and he was like
yeah get the brother yeah we're trying
to get someone local to get get the
brother this is like this is like a
favorite thing to sleep in you guys that
computer no don't you try getting me
involved you guys just said it's a
wrestle mark where's the cup like the
cat ran off tap out how much was it all
that matters Tom wait we'll ask you Tom
whose fault was it with my character
question - what was it she reversed into
my car on my drive whose fathers oh
thank you yeah will do and I did move it
i did move it from where the houses so I
always well pitch part to vacuum Edie
car tom yes I've moved my car yes
actually no she didn't she didn't ask
you for me Macau Macau wasn't there dad
goodbye gun dad love you gun dads
faceball this bump face bump cool catch
yourself drive safely man that's what
cell gang what's the review website
knows it it knows he's like the size of
my little finger finger
just like that lady and gentleman that
is gonna end at the dais we actually
managed to sneak out and let Luna sleep
downstairs because we left that doors
open in case you want to come up I'll
cut all of this or anything but she
chose to just sleep on our own down
stairs and me and Lydia got a full
night's light rest might be like what
just you don't I feel mean like
walking around just leave her on her own
so not Lydia at the cat so Luna slept
downstairs by yourself didn't need us
she was completely relaxed and I'm like
a proud parent she had a first night on
her own so yeah she's getting used to
the house I finally introduced her to
the basement you'll see that in
tomorrow's vlog but until then I do have
to go and start the new day so much love
makes you leave a like range subscribe
I'll see you guys faces at 6 p.m. ish
tomorrow and until then make sure you
leave a like ding dong and subscribe
button notifications get notified when I
post new video and if you're wondering
why I'm not really paying attention to
the camera whilst I'm walking around
it's because I've lost the cat I've not
seen her in about an hour
yeah sorry all
