double abhorrent in your faces ladies
and gentleman I just want to wish you a
very happy st. Patrick's Day and if you
do not celebrate happy st. Patrick's Day
but I hope you say bhardwaj day to you
get yourself a Guinness get yourself
some green but I mean a half and have a
very nice evening I'm interrupting this
vlog to let you know that at the first
start the blog does a few audio issues
don't know what quite happened I have my
phone in the shower public broke it a
little bit but it fixes itself all I
could do is apologize and the heads up
for tomorrow's whoa what's this what's
this
well anyway see this I'm way yeah I
thought I bring your gift I got your at
Easter egg each but then because I was
even later where's me eat just one
easter egg that's mine do we stop yeah
so we stop doing this yeah people still
like this one so buyback yeah ice cream
okay cheaters preparing oh wow
but this is mums oldest and truest and
proudest toasting machine introducing
the triangular the triangular 5000
that's where that's where dreams are
made right there
you said you don't need a six-pack no we
bought a 15 but yeah that's a lot of
time right this day just got a hell lot
better Alice just gave you my
dino-glider oh my gosh I forgot we had
these oh my gosh if you don't know what
these are
if you're from a country that doesn't
have them I don't know oh oh that looks
terrible
that looks so not aerodynamic mine looks
great
yours looks
- what go wait might say goody three two
one the glide is back I'll give me the
Unicom one sir this is a really nice
nice unit card don't brood and I know
blighters ready god no glider you to cut
away that's just it
read it read what it says hey three two
one
why does my not go straight listen it's
already recorded I got news hold the
phone ready go
told you that that Unicom wasn't very
aerodynamic
let's go this way
okay Karen stepping up to the play she's
excited don't throw it at the Mercedes
aim down the road ain't down the road
incredible tailwind try this one right
mom
what are you doing why are you throwing
at me resorting down the hill
yep maybe because the wind is blowing
that way you sausages now the thing is
this should technically fly better than
the other one
however it's not aerodynamics yeah it's
just caught it's a dog I'm thinking now
it may actually perform better Wow Wow
so go get it back no it's not I believe
nothing is there fancy by now
I can't I can't leave you cheating on me
got fun sitting inside member bastards
cited it in the vlog at 5:30 tonight me
dad's turned up usually go riding on a
Friday but no one's responded to my
texts nobody's riding my dad's tender
please car
should be fought at night well no I was
straight before that but because it's
down I'm now playing pop G but I have to
say I have to shout this out Freddy
Reeves gave a subscription to Cal yeah
Alice's boyfriend Kyle in the chat
amazing playing Minecraft air streaming
everyone's going crazy and then what
what if you made what's going on
expectations who made this where you
made this is this Lydia this is Lydia
and then you oh that looks nice and
individual and this looks like someone
maybe threw up into a bunch of one case
sure but you know what I'd still eat
both of them use what you knew Internet
no installation date just yet
watch this whooshes whooshes still got a
 Sunday Oh nailed it
hi internet fails
now that stuff in your face is a stream
for like nine hours yesterday to like
three o'clock in the morning so if you
guys haven't done so already make sure
you go over to twitch on TV for so Simca
make twitch account click the fall born
and then next time a street on your
telephone then because i elements into
the so you guys like the idea let me
know if you don't then you know we're
gonna leave it in the comments below but
nonetheless i'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next day reward why
should we start saying 6 p.m. ish i
think we always permanently need to say
6 p.m. ish
so that way you guys are always
disappointed every single day so fill
that much love make sure you check the
link your description to my twitter
might be streaming right down now but
then I'm going out see you guys tomorrow
