Oh where's God dad window while she's
here cleaners in Lydia's it lunacy
mmm this is the new member of the family
this is Luna at me how was your first
night sleep at the house where we're
supposed to be chilling and relaxing it
with all the kitten terrorizing us I
know you are so damn Cuba oh my god
you're a little rascal you under stop
disturbing us would you what are you
moaning about what murder about oh this
is a gift of someone called Colette I'm
assuming you have an Amira called
Colette what we do because it's for you
and for me I'm not taking full credit
for this this is if it says to you and
me that's for you and then looks like a
bottle of champagne yeah she asked
parents
oh she will climb a bit
she proper does we put it at the top of
it and she ran up and jumps straight up
it look at the clean has been look at
this room looks like new bathroom looks
like no I just give you teeth back there
right
oh oh oh look at the cool kid I will do
you that well only late
yes I'm sailing oh you may be Jesus but
play again
whoa take my good videos dude a dull
bouncing oh yeah hey me Elliot Reid the
West that's why we call him was brown
jolly Reid I always was pretty cool
enough but there is Liam Cartwright my
own best friend from school and Wes and
we called him Wes Brown because he was
dead physically like a flake we fit I'm
the best of football in high school
look
as brown well which fold is this 2002
Christmas 2002 who's that Morna we
totally love it no mana that's Mona
smaller but a little bit reverence Mona
we lived at number one and wind up
moving to number three and number three
the person who's lived that was Mona
that
oh that's making me almost tear up but
this is our reaction to sad given as a
bike watch me in the background jump in
the cable management is not on fine so
you will definitely get tangled and you
will definitely buy our so don't do it
come on we're doing back there mommy
yeah yeah let's hope she doesn't drop
down before work glass ball to walk
across it scares ya this is Steven what
we're gonna do we're gonna take this
glass panel off and I'm gonna push this
under the stairs so then that he will
just be hidden under the stairs we won't
forget about you down here mate we do
we'll do our McHattie boy there's a gun
where's it gone come on there we go come
on
keep going keep going you go ahead
lay down
and God are you yeah you know you've
done wrong don't ya look at this Luna
came in the office for the first time I
turn my back she climbed up the bloody
wall cubic lip uh-oh this is way you
know end up being most the time I mean
no I mean I was she like the lion she
does and it's changing clothes I'm gonna
be blowing her mind
whoa this woman's just cousin cares
I'm also editing the vlog so I try and
get up on time duty ninety four o'clock
oh my god I could blow her mind and lift
the desk oh oh she don't like that it's
alright wait that guy the wife's opening
an invitation to something I believe the
cat's fast asleep Amir whilst I'm
editing and who's it gonna be off turn
turn turn turn
I reckon it's invite to a wedding a
summer party a wedding wedding fine what
is it the pop the question pucky we
right oh wait I think we missed it
other day yeah oh we missed it Oh
brilliant
story tell me Tom Mina in my house again
it's just potato more to the point where
it won't even show me upload speed
however in this spare bedroom in the
back of my house and just tried to
upload yesterday's vlog and rather than
usually it's a mic it's gonna take three
hours or four hours smother it Oppo
didn't like eight minutes and it was a
20 minute vlog this could be promising
are you asleep Imams bad
hello Gail this is Luna Luna this is
Dale yeah she's just gonna sleep in the
Sun oh you show enough now because
grandma's a oh no no there it is the
last thing she hasn't done she's pooped
she slept
she's air but we never saw her drink
more oh she's thirsty gone little one
yeah we go yesterday's like 20 minutes
long 80 minutes cat come on come on push
it going you can do it push it gone what
up they're gone yep push it push it just
gotta push it go yeah yeah go on come on
come on
yes yeah oh I'll cheat a little bit come
see yeah yeah yeah oh yeah all right
learn no no this way damn it
I have been defeated by a cat okay so
it's stealing it I'm gonna need that
back
okay let's try and retrieve it when you
end up on the phone
all right you win cat you win a
beautiful little sunset hey what are you
doing
it was turnin into a gremlin oh god I'm
definitely not put her in the hot tub I
can't wait for it to run around the
garden no seal at a team although that's
great though why is that about she's
just up there looking like fee it's
useful obviously why huh
I knew to be much champion Qi what
do you mean she was like oh yeah the box
is waiting she shot perfectly all just
passed me ignore the fact that I've got
the wife trapped down here and I keep
fire on her
you're not adorable compared to her like
you can't pull it off the same as she
can I'm intending on it she just so well
with just lay with me it was goals
casually streaming my internet died OBS
is stopped working I'm a PC stopped
working like everything on my computer
just died all of a sudden and Luna what
are you doing is this did you come along
a but did you just come along a by a
wireless them because everything just
crashed was that your fault did you do
that
was that you it was was an air yeah
every time my computer's broke wow you
really decided to bit nibble that's
pieces then you know right a listen you
can bite this but you cannot buy it in
my razor gear together doubt you're like
but you just set now that you're
literally ripping us apart way too easy
can I hide that in the $20 bills you
didn't need it
you sure okay I guess you would just
pass through me for the fun of it look
at you little bottom wiggling look at
that we got some streaming to do come on
well that okay that's good at least
you're doing it whoa go on then I didn't
even in adviser to do that you just did
it yeah Oh
rawr world night-night thank subscribing
30 months a road bro he said love your
videos and your vlogs streams back up
even though Luna destroyed it I always
blame the cat Thank You wife oh my lord
grace maybe pastor what I want streaming
what wait
go ahead success this is like goals as f
I'm just I am streaming Lydia and Luna
what are you doing I'm giving you a
gateway to get over it don't you start
there with my head so again look tired
who are you're safe Luna Luna you okay
you're buff then oops got a finger stuff
don't worry don't worry you're good that
was a pretty successful stream when you
say Luna alright then let's go and get
in bed watch a movie
mommy all right all right
did you agree when she's going well
getting back well well I'm quitting you
oh I think mamaia broke a little door oh
don't keep sticking your bum in my face
I don't appreciate Oh No are you comfy
now hey come here to walk around 15
times in a row oh she is okay stop
sticking are you doing I'm gonna take it
yeah we were asleep yeah I'm gonna guess
she's just found on the back of the sofa
I have some way she can't get out there
she can't get out there the back come on
go on hold on okay yeah the back of the
chairs got on metal back so she can't
climb out of it do you just find your
first place you can get stuck you know
to make it there I guarantee you begin
to love it pretty badass that does look
pretty about us anything you're already
winning if you don't poison us is that
edible yeah you know exact way to go
baby but not before go girl go girl take
time gone go girl go girl
come on keep going keep going
and now over that way ya know you're not
quite there yet so come to the top so
you can see where to go come on
you see you go good girl good girl well
done well doing I'm just from one clutch
trailer one again and from one caplet to
another it's the end of today wound is
fast asleep in my office and I'm going
off to syndicate originally so I have to
rock and roll before us that live
srimant if you're watching this vlog
right now and I'm probably most likely
gonna be streaming on twitch.tv for
slash syndicates if you haven't followed
me on there
I'll put a link down in the description
make sure you've clicked to clean up
like make account and follow me it's
where I stream i video games and stuff
and be able to tune into that but I've
gotta go now because it's a new day and
it's a new dawn so where I stop vlogging
for that next day so much love goodbye
for me goodbye from Luna I'll see you
guys tomorrow for next day vlog Holly us
