Oh morning world all right yeah
neighbors just told you know the house
keep the momentum going keep it going
keep it going
today shit choice is gonna be I'm
feeling I'm feeling a white shirt now do
I even go you know what no no no I'm
gonna go for the one I just looked at so
where is it what we're done we're gonna
be rocking on rollin with the white and
blue royal shirts and if we do that cap
before we go any further today cat
I mean why she wants and I'm gonna ask
you nicely I know you had a nice cuddled
up sleep last night with us but did you
pee on the sofa hmm hmm that doesn't
look like her
I put on your sofa kind of response you
know sign in the other cat I'm assuming
he's back here
no here's the war zone okey-dokey
oh my god I have to say really quick
that's spray stiff I used to get the
stains off it was amazing this this
stuff you ever have a cat wing on
something you need to get rid of it I
don't even think it's a stain remover
but this stuff has got rid of it so good
well it looks like no fresh poos on here
which is a great success oh just about
to say but as of the second I don't know
where the cat is but that's a
particularly new hiding spot for you all
right let's play spot the cat is the
under the table is the only the boxes no
what are you doing what a particularly
odd spot for you to say are you doing
matey you have a good night's sleep did
you have a good night's sleep yeah you
did we have proper code later bless why
weren't you pairing like a bloody cat
listen to him purring I'm like are you
so loud hello hello you better not be
sorry because you want to try and mess
with my blinds if you do that I'll kill
you
my name is Tom I'm 24 years old and at
24 years old I genuinely think I'm
becoming lactose intolerant I know that
might sound very weird but truly if I
have a cup of tea minutes after it's
done like so that thing you were gonna
be playing some almond milk I don't know
what to expect I don't know if it tastes
just like milk or what but I'm going to
try this in my cereal
initial thoughts it's kind of a bit
brownie so I don't know what I'm gonna
think about this let's give it a try
okay dr. Jones tissue connect away my
name is Tom and this is almond milk
first up a time with the fruit and fiber
not sponge hmm I think I can taste the
difference over then and just taste a
bit more watery dad yeah what a
beautiful day
what a beautiful day to have a Chinese
banquet yep me and Lydia not because it
is Chinese or anything but we love salt
pepper chicken love duck therefore we
were having Allison car around tonight
and we're having a salt and pepper
Chinese banquet so uh well there's duck
in it and fried eggs and stuff so yeah a
banquet stop ingredients wish me luck
this is apparently where I need to get
everything so welcome to you oh this is
not going too well this I found I know
this is China Chinese sorry if this is
how I'm going to struggle inside a shop
with English right in underneath it I'm
gonna struggle in Japan okay I think I
found the duck that I need I'm a tech
dog I'm pretty sure this is this wasn't
two of these should feed six people I
think just successfully facetiming
Olivia's mom she literally first person
drove me around to every single aisle
and I got a a Chinese banquet that is
apparently enough food to feed six
people tenna per head I don't think
that's too much oh it's gonna seem time
to see if anyone's crashed into my car
you might be watching it happen live
kill all these parking all right that
thanks dad I love I love being able to
get on my own Drive you know the big
fucking vehicle is not totally in the
way or anything what do you call this
the butt plug
what will give my drive up yes sir can
you put that back and move your fucking
vehicle damn so you better be ready for
the meal of the century just because now
we got where's the secret sauce where's
the secret is a secret secret because I
got that secret sauce we cook in salt
and pepper chicken egg fried rice and
duck pancakes for be little more for me
for me Lydia
mum mum Darren and Alison cow so we cook
Internet but until that happens I'm
gonna bike collided with my dad's so I'm
gonna put all the food in the fridge and
I'm going riding well on a bike ride and
test out my new wheels because as you
guys know I keep getting flat tires I'm
riding well guess what gray um who
installed my tires this one is looking
pretty good time yeah yeah yeah this one
not so much
I think my riding vlogs always consist
of me having a flat tire I think I I
don't think there's one ride yet where
someone hasn't had a flat tire and that
mean person being me but I can hear a
car approaching so I'm assuming that's
my Lord and Savior Graham it is you gray
um this is the same guy do you break my
bloody wheels I think you broke him even
more just one he did this on purpose
you did this on purpose he flattened my
tire didn't ya nah nah yeah I was really
Rock yeah I know for fact I check CCTV
put my tire out on purpose take it out
put it back in
look pranks Reni do you think is I think
I may have left it behind
I just blame Graham right I blame Graham
no I think I think the airs coming out
the actual seal itself at the bottom of
the
hmm sure kids looks like I'm not riding
no no oh yeah
installing tube was tasered great I do
have to say it's been lovely ride in
about five minutes with you but I need
to like turn around in like two minutes
and go back to the white book your mouse
taught me where'd you get that from I
did you reckon the Dracula brother
should go to syndicate
I'll give this everyone's reference to
the original doc got years
yeah shows a bit of that booty gram go
on ah skills yeah we're supposed to be
going up that hill Bach I don't think
I'll be making this ugly
I've got Chinese buffet Anita cooks I'm
gonna write half way I'm gonna go half
way and then turn back round that's a
big-ass cloud behind us you guys gonna
get wet Harlow around me yeah all out on
my own I went riding as a team I did
then I got a flat tire it took a lot of
time to fix it but I am grateful that's
a pigeon now I'm riding home all who
bama know own Bama alone sir himself
Oh cows coming up really steep holding
my area and you're riding past me
electric bike it's got an engine starts
alright
it's just modern-day Qi then they shot
my GoPro now that wasn't my own my dad's
got his I was gonna borrow it for the
ride but oh yes this is the beauty of
which I live in we're in a flow senator
so many times as a kid just playing up
here I love where I live I really really
do
I should get out anymore I'm just too
addicted to poop gee Lulu's got like pop
are you eating from the ball yeah yeah
course you were dude I didn't realize
Lunas self like a little obstacle course
she jumped up this one chump to that
orange jump to that one alright Gadsby
your turn you fat shit
do I not provide a big enough house for
these cats look at this you got scratch
posting a got Cooper in there
got poop over there and another scratch
post so much room for activities and
I've everywhere these cats can hide are
these locations and you two decide to
fall asleep in that basket right there
okay yes you're all you lot telling me I
don't look after my outlook
I just scrubbed polished and I did not
leave nothing in there I am actually
really proud of how I've just polished
this glass look at it right
ignore the marks if you see any from the
NEPA look at that oh my if I camara whoa
what's up where's that there well yeah
begone begone smudge marks oh yeah dad
be proud of me getting prepped up in
here ye dubious killer dude look at that
legs you going it how long the gone in
40 40 40 minutes ready are you actually
so excited for this we got Lydia up in
here cooking us some fried rice so glad
we got spam I got some eggs you don't
wanna okay we're having spam instead we
were gonna use that but what happens fam
is there listen if you die it's cuz my
chicken okay I was in front of I was in
charge of the chicken so we'll see oh
gosh pop yourself something cuz I know I
know I know I know salmonella is come in
come
well have you got calm are you doing
what when next Friday the teacher got
Salmonella time for cucumber cat test2
all right Alex I need you to get Gadsby
Luna already did the cucumber cat
testing and it's supposed to scare them
so pick him up he's there all right
dad's Bigfoot got to be down put him
down I'm down on four I know EEC were
training him he knows actually so put
him down though don't I know she's sassy
are you ready what's this hey what what
what's that
these wait till he's not looking than
like yeah yeah let's throw cut yeah yeah
gives just thrown what we're gonna eat
tonight at the bloody cat yeah be
checked I know my boy Steve is about to
eat good I'm thinking it'll be Steve on
the Christmas card the cats on the
Christmas cards this year no Steve did
it make it cool I am no because he's too
good for that I take care of my boy
Steven I don't want me to send you over
there but Steven why are you doing what
is it even I honest to god do not know
how long they've been there for but the
last time I ever bought a new ones were
months ago so they must have just been
surviving off the lettuce we've been
feeding him Steven I call you some
greens lunch up one swims I wanted some
good good good you want some good good
good no I thought you might want to
snatch this good good good good good
good good good
Steve is not impressed okay Steve I'm
just gonna put degrees open this corner
whenever you're ready
there's a little bit of protein greens
okay okay
she said Tom go to a pond grab two ducks
kill him cook him skinned him let's get
him cooking one or another one way or
another
Lydia it oh but hey yo Lydia where'd you
get that t-shirt yo that's the first
remember Alice we talked about with you
he's absent
when's it Wednesday new one coming out
take one dinner is served I don't want
taking ones or twos
as anyone tried the dog yeah is it good
looking great okay I'm sad end table Cal
you suck yeah there mister
alright let's assume Rose yes boy love
it time for the good good time father
good good
don't call it good good I've got it good
good step but a good good Oh can't wait
and I we have shipping we have the
chicken in here I'm gonna stir this a
little bit of water yes ma'am
I can do this
there you go thumbs up how big his fans
on Oh No
there's two of me she says I kept one
eye cat too I guess I got three we tried
it is it good
mom let me try it yet yeah oh we think
you try to get down I want to see mom
try it
what see mom try it oh well done mom I
wonder who raised dollies
yeah mess well Rick come on this is
Enoch she's tried it thoughts/opinions
yeah
Lydia win oh hey we're about to get
downtown again oh wait outta templates
on pepper
Oh Darrin come to your eyebrow eyebrows
bowls
no no hey girl I'll attend Lydia I'm
just gonna 170 picture open a tree make
sure it's cooked that's cooked
yeah it's bit softer this salmon is I
can see the sweat beating out the
forehead from that food but oh the cat
whisperer I know yeah Tom Tom and Marley
get banana tree okay ayah that ing is
there anymore
oh you took off vision shapes a
room-service summer
how exciting what was it saying here's
cow
the cat was spirited and hey yo Cho
don't that jump seriously
oh that's a wine that's another wine
that's another wine I know I can alias
it's okay
kittens this is the cinnamon oh you've
never been in here before
there's no speak we're in the senator
what cheating what we watching dr.
Foster time kiddies no disease Hey look
at this my house is actually being used
for once kitchens being used cinemas
being used connects people my vlog going
over that already cinema this is pretty
much goals as hell right now
believe um I'm sorry you're a bore you
know what what is this baby
it's like a tart that she's made which
is gorgeous Pirates of the Caribbean on
the big screen and the kitty cats are
chilling
oh are you happy you're a happy cat a
mummy because it's national partners
there apparently so oh yeah shiver me
timbers
goodbye now thanks for coming I'm glad
you enjoyed the food so I should keep
Livia around then should I just me being
a bad relationship person if he is in
bed fits like midnight I'm not stream no
they so I'm like trying to get my hours
in on Twitch and just stream as much as
possible so Lee is going to bed at night
and I'm streaming so it says a massive
shout out to Quantic fire for
subscribing for 29 with zero says hate
on all the way from Canada all the way
from Toronto Canada holy shit it's known
only 6 a.m. Lydia's getting up for work
in one hour
what the hell
