have a new week my neighbors are finally
building their houses oh my god it's
taking some time but good on your lunch
just get out the shower I'm feeling like
at the table you know what it is a new
week it's a fresh we can you know what's
happening this week I'm going to Japan
warning shape oh yeah some of them
looked good morning gardener Marta
Gandhi how you doing my friend you well
yeah I'm good you know wake up at like 2
o'clock in the afternoon can't complain
yeah this is good afternoon so in that
case I'm gonna go get some lunch so good
morning to you sir good afternoon even
Sally's father to three she's my only
got a three star brushless look at all
this indica original shirts for days and
days and it what was that it's the raw I
could have wore that but today we're
wearing the Royal shirts so if you
haven't got one syndicate regional comm
go get one no taking of which I'm gonna
go to Japan I do have enough clothes but
one thing I don't have him with me he's
nothing to get rid of ha moment of truth
there's one cat looking mmm grinders
business you looking kind of suspicious
this morning eh are you looking
suspicious this morning Luna of you tech
pin a poop I have your tech and a poop
on a sofa just the record I don't
actually know if there's any poops on
the sofa but I'm hoping it's not and and
I am no it couldn't get any worse look
at the stains these cats have done to
the underneath of the sofa now that's a
rip up all this corner because they keep
pooping over there it sounds like right
I need to take the cushions for a wash
but then when I took the cushions off
like the material look at how much piss
these cats have done on this fucking
couch mother of God
what are you guys drinking down so it is
well whatever even though I was gonna do
a dramatic turn with it even though they
did stress me the hell out and someone
told me of a spray you can get that
really prevents them from ever going in
an area so I'm gonna go ahead and try
and get that spray today I've put all
the covers from the couch in that black
bag to take down to the launderette
and their cats are like what
and is this thing and why does it smell
like us okay
Luna's lagboys she in his bag she poop
that's what's in it cat suffered even
though I don't want to feed them you
little bastards
oh are you that what you do what is with
all these animals in this house taking
big ask who's and this is my daily chore
now I guarantee I'm gonna end up doing
this every goddamn day because of these
cats storytime with Tom yesterday I was
at where's his restaurant the grapes
okay where I came for a meal about an
hour later my dad messaged me after
we've left my dad message Ben Tom what
something that the grater something I
don't like I don't know what's up
another grape what's up the grapes a car
crashed into the pub and I had a video
clip of it now before I show you that
let me just say the guy came driving up
here and crashed into that wall right
there so you can clearly say what he
wants into anyone you once said that's
like a crazy crazy crash because it's
kind of not but he crashed into that had
smashed a track then it crashed into all
these benches whose benches here here
and there
smashed into all of them and then dinked
into the wall at the front and the
benches went flying up into the window
so roll the clip
yes I did sit in front of this computer
for five and a half hours yes they
streaming no I didn't win a single game
but I have a sandwich I have some snack
jacks god what a throwback and rather
than go to Starbucks I got a Tesco's
cafe latte Starbucks things so yeah I'm
gonna drink that and I've got about an
hour before the cats need to go to the
vet and they're gonna get their jobs so
they might not be happy today good
because they shat on the couch
Oh okay cats you don't know what time is
because you've never done it before in
your life but it's time to go to the
vets new chick no down-low okay that was
confusing I thought they'd be there all
right not in here are they both playing
in here taking poops on sofas is this
the new game we're playing
how many poops got on Tom sofa can we
take okay right I said don't know where
they are I offer a guess that you're
under here no wait what the hell the cat
cats hello hey weird again
cats well where are my cat's
seriously I found and collected the cats
you guys ready to go you're ready to
rock'n'roll for your first ever their
first ever that's appointment you're
gonna get the worm jobs and there
whatever jobs and then a few weeks later
they're gonna get their boss cough you
might as well continue looking as
confused as possible in that place guys
because you can't wait where you're
gonna go you're gonna be even more
confusing than you're gonna come out a
little bit injured it's okay you're just
going getting some needles I believe I
believe the needles anyway yeah I know
much love much love I think you can tell
one of these cats is used to him
traveling to the bats and one's not well
not traveling to the vet but traveling
in the box because God's behaves like
motherfucker I managed to get out and
get on top of it whereas Lunas happily
like yeah like I'm um I'm chilling
inside cats it's time to get you
injections pets at home vet surgery
oh whoa whoa whoa this is not a cruise
around Tom's car and find where to poop
it smash it session all right so you
watch yourself if I see you going for a
poop sesh I'm gonna we'll be fighting
and lunar you've been a very good girl
thank you for being in there nice and
patiently thank you
thank you good good
Oh JA Cornetto Luna why are you chuck
no stop what are you chewing maybe if
you're good enough one day I'll buy you
a pet friendly Mouse and it could be a
Tom and Jerry situation in the house
then again you're probably it so let's
go and check you in okay I know I know
you're scared
Haney little bad weed come on what right
okay now you make my life difficult mate
he was so intrigued at you look at me
like what's going on no it's how you
just keep trying to want to run away and
your little sisters like nice and happy
in there oh no now it's beginning okay
now I'm gonna need both on this Luna is
just so children and gods bees just
doing his hardest to get out it's okay
kids just chill out and we'll be home in
a minute
oh this is the first time they've ever
seen a dog look at them the first time
you've ever seen a dog okay Oh spooked
you don't know what to do you okay
he's okay I like how this guy is just
cruising around John
no not a care in the world and we was
like what the heck is going on the size
difference in them she just wants to go
1.18 what's he you fat little get it
guys B you can't keep running around
like that may be polite and scary
supposed to say well nice and relaxed
inside your abdomen
I got no unusual little suppose no mercy
yeah she she uses this all the time to
try and just Stannis that's why she
wants to get back inside
okay baby there's check-in from the
lesions inside the mouth
okay okay it's done it's done
okay okay okay it's okay if you say just
rub it just just as where where you just
give a little bit well done
I'm so proud of you little around baby
it's okay
hey he's so good everyone loves you
everyone loves you you've actually not
really walked right in the cab before
have you only Luna has you'll go down
now you were coming back mate right so
should we get you on so you can see mom
and she can like love you to pieces
because you know you're just gonna be
like stabbed by an injection and my cat
is entertained for hours I would love to
say the joy it brings me this cat but
welcome this morning any poodle myself
and we think we think we think we know
it's him I walked in with two cats I'm
leaving with zero Lydia is now looking
after the cats which gives me and I were
to go in stream I just dreamed earlier
on before find a bit of poop G oh my lo
d oh my lo d I got second place and ten
kills it was like a hype as hell game so
well stoked about that I'm gonna go on
stream for an hour now I'm really trying
to stay dedicated to stream so if you
watch these vlogs and you like you do
streaming twitch TV for less than the
syndicate links down description I try
and stream every able obviously when I
go to Tokyo won't be able to but when
the new cod zombies comes out you better
know daily live streaming what is with
the weather it's absolutely chucking it
down oh my god Kilimanjaro soaked yeah I
don't I don't only get out this car yeah
it's absolutely true I like my doors
there but I'm trapped I'm trapped so
yeah
oh my god it's throwing it down oh my
lord my drives flooding CAD damn she's
looking nice in the rain okay I can't do
my drew my exhume sort of thing because
my fingers wet so what the heck what is
happening stop leading it lead if you
want to get involved in these streams
Twitter tv4 slash syndicate and yo my
boy Oh Swan
what's he clawed swans by 69 thanks
subscribe a lot of blood but cows in the
chat boys yes you see that it's really
not that difficult to do you take the
poopoo you squeeze the poopoo out and
then you bury the poopoo yes in the
literature not on the sofa no no no no
no how you enjoying your little cat cat
pee cushion fort you alright look I bet
you were inside it ng or thought you go
and meanwhile he's just still in there
so yeah do whatever you need to doing
that buddy
this is why Lydia keeps me fed and
healthy because yesterday I had dummy
Robins done Robins done an omelet no for
dinner
and today Lydia and her mum have cooked
me actually sorry yes I mean let me take
away the credit okay ladies mum has
cooked me a rose
not just me by the way we've got we've
got bees here wait what I may even know
to call off my sister but whatever got
be and then her friends Jose Jose you
have to get used to it I randomly film
videos throughout throughout the day so
this Jose he's a Spanish but works in
France yeah and he's visiting England so
nice to meet my friend and then this is
the the in-house midget we got chicken
we got stuffing we got we got every
thank you for feeding me this is making
the Brit proud right now
cauliflower cheeto and cauliflower and
broccoli cheese okay
bread sauce never had that before in my
life I think it's fair to say your mum
gets out of ten I'm gonna go for about
six I'm actually gonna give you I'm
gonna get a set time I'm giving you it
oh you know what I'm thinking about this
for a second I'm gonna give you a nine
point six
no no because it was it was 10 stars but
if you if two dishes of that you did
better it kind of knocked it down from a
10 because yours was better so damn a
crab that's gonna be well jealous my gun
that never got over at 8.9 still to this
day every time he cooks for me it goes
at the end he goes what you're gonna
give me told me no I am I I'm grafting
fare me I'm giving you a seven today I
was pretty bad and and then and then
he's like what and then I'm Joe
obviously joking but then he's like he's
like I'm gonna get a ten one day but
it's like truly determined to get a 10
so I'm full from dinner what's that
melted cheese Oh dummies your damage
report what's that thing what Spanish
the Spaniard says to notice me I don't
know either
yo series crazy what is the meaning of
life I can't answer that now but give me
some time to write a very long plane
which nothing happens why this might
seem odd but Lydia actually already has
a cache that's two I think she has six
actually but she's got one with no eye
and she's got this bad boy that looks
like a white hole chef Theo what's he
call again
jelly it's got a blue and a green I love
woody I know I smell look at the cat but
it's okay please don't
hello Steve NZ friends oh my god you and
Theodore be best friends
could this I see you why don't you love
this car don't look at it no no wait so
this cat this cat today saw ours
yeah and how did it go I'm sorry
by the way I'm not trapping him in a
corner this is just his corner see look
at him cheating Katie's where oh where
are you it's always like the guessing
game the river here yes there yeah okay
you doing sleeping on your back you
didn't see
I'm gonna minute we didn't check whether
or not they've checked out the new
military properly is that a poop at
least or not yeah my vlogs are basically
now just cat people vlogs house he used
it I don't think so but he's definitely
scratched it around he's pretty straight
as he used the sofa instead and I over
here's looking nice and clean I think
nice and clean nice and clean no poops
no poops no poops yay booty you paint
color that can get a cat hello kitty
cats
oh all we want is just loving after
being stopped today don't they yeah nice
consoling bad cat first it's been what
will happen they really I really thought
they'd be over now we're trying to get
you used to sleeping downstairs
procedure so you have an injection we're
gonna take you to bed tonight okay so
now pooping under the bed on the bed
look he's gone across the glass floor Oh
we'll be here look at him he's like it's
my house now we are - two cat sleep new
guys don't wait let me let me see what
the heck I was gonna go into the bed
looking for you guys which is like right
there it's okay coffee come up I just
for some reason want to just sit there
and sniff my butt
they were both sniffing my bell you're
weirdos and randomly sniffing my palms
on my belt Lascaux strange but anyway
I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog so thank
you very much for watching make sure you
leave a like button subscribe ding dong
that notification bell and hopefully
tomorrow's vlog will be live maybe
before 6 o'clock I don't know I don't
know we'll find out so until then much
love and as always
hereõs
