it's a new dawn it's a new day and I can
say right now it's the end of the plate
20:49 promotion thank you for bearing
with me to people who were like why are
we doing brand deals Tom if I do brand
deals means cool opportunities for me
and a wife who's eating a banana and now
we're we're heading home
Wow look at that oh my god thanks
building that it's just really great
timing for you to showcase the
architecture of London next stop giving
my ass back to Manchester on first class
row age our train picnic consists of a
second address rather which it's very
common very cool in the sleep yes we
played Scrabble the entire way you did
not win I resigned no it would have been
unfair factor oneself
hiking we're hiking to Stockport train
station I know right bloody hell we got
right off at the very end it's actually
nice to get off the train when it's not
one night time or two absolutely pissing
down with rain but judging that cloud
over there right that's it where they've
done it where was it where was it oh
where oh they did it in the same place
Oh cats oh yeah nope not in there where
are they where are they brother who did
it who did it
do you was it him Alice did you poo on
sofa no I'd like to say home sweet home
but whilst we've been away the cats who
were lesser trained as we left have
reaped take a look at the damage look at
this clean clean we believe is a peace
day in there that's great but over here
back in the same spot he's pooped before
he's doing another hun dinga on him I'm
not too sure why it's white but got to
he's taking another poo on their bastard
or DL you are absolutely gigantic oh
that is so it seen a full size get up
you look you look like a dog oh my god
picking up this lot is absolutely weird
look at the size of him you just walk
down look at the size of him
compared to what wears one of them in
size comparison look how small she is
this is Luna look how small she is right
now cow ring theory
wait so three years old versus not even
three okay this really adorable cat
having my lap instead it's running
around they're terrorizing cow meanwhile
my granddad sell whatever Lydia and Luna
look that's the lunar we know and love
not the one that just shit oh there is
no wonder is shit in there very
terrifying you need to stop pooping
everywhere but I tell you what my oh I
spoke to their did I can tell you
something you are one hell of a cute cat
you chest
look it's yep look at that chest of
yours that's just beautiful and why in
it you're gorgeous absolutely gorgeous
dad's be oh sorry oh he's following him
she dribbled on ya oh you sure you
didn't just drink some water maybe a wee
see the little cat facing off against
the big cat dude Theo looks like a like
a month or not to be messed with
Oh Sookie dinner with gun dad dinner
with God dad dad dad dad we got me
granddad can you of Joseon
and then we got Little Italy and then we
got
yeah and then you know this car I bought
you for your birthday you know it's got
a built-in site like that yeah do you
ever use it
no okay robbery against Adam over okay
so even later we may avoid at a table
for three but when you want for five
fucking fights squirt summer me well
they just hope you'll be smart is there
ever a look you know what I know I've
been doing sponsored videos this entire
weekend for Blade Runner but this is not
responsible shower but this is just much
love to Wes if you've ever wanted a nice
Sunday roast this is a pretty good deal
you come to Wes his restaurant the
grapes any star and roast of the day for
12 quid pretty damn good
yeah sixteen put if you want a ribeye
steak so you fancy on a Sunday good deal
from my friend went for a cut Philip
roast tomatoes special Alice got roast
got roast got bright gross this is mine
this is what you get on a Sunday my pub
I absolutely love it and then wrote this
before so I don't know what to expect
go on grandad grandad run go go go keep
running it's an exercise routine I'm
joking I'm just playing with you did you
have a nice meal mate are you sure would
you go there again oh I'm gonna minute
hey stop what did you give it out of 10
why an eight I rate it in it because
don't he whoa that was weird that was my
next statement one day grandad syndicate
original will own this factory one day
are you gonna buy it for us I thought
you were a secret Melina no I bought
your last car just for the record we all
know Alice is like the messy to eat you
in the world but the fact that the food
goes in here and it sir mine I don't
know how you got that there Hallie's
care to explain how you got tomato sauce
on the bucket ah what is it Alice yeah
the special kind of woman fact out your
car it's a robbery get a hair you're not
coming in for a break No
Hey good to see you're alright Alfred a
penis so when I go to Japan I'll bring
you back a summer back stain but your
name its back stain my granddad okay
that was a great driver don't run me
over you will let me in it
let me in it listen just because you got
stains at your backside is not my fault
I'm a ring doorbell ringing what she
canceled bit
oh she's turn the key she locked it oh
you're so even you're so can you buzz in
please you really need the toilet
and I'm over here cuz I'm not part of
the family thank you guys everyone
working with you God feels like that guy
can jump oh don't tell they're not Scott
Servais corner that's Gadsby's corner
over there can't be like bitch you see
Mike on this looks like a shadow staring
nose I see y'all I really appreciate you
looking after my cats there are kids all
of them and the fact that the shot on
the sofa twice is it happens but thank
you thank you for me there what I need
you him yeah we all love Steve better
wait Steve will be back in the blogs
about ah ah ah literally moisture Hey
me he belongs to you anyway you know by
now Oh goodbye goober no joke tell when
you do that's why child watch all I mean
my family member
love you leave yeah I do feel like you
need her fucking stronger handle that
guy's fast wood okay let me back just
about the start live streaming my
Internet's being a potato and I've just
got the bad news stand where is it where
is it where is it oh there it is there
it is there it is okay oh god literally
cannot catch a break off these cats like
we're here
they don't poo we go away Deepu we're
back for a day we think they're okay
they poop I'm finally stepping out my
office I'm done
I've played poop G like five and a half
hours not a single win
I played terribly I had a fun stream
talking with you guys but I need a break
from that game oh oh weekend I was like
I just want to play a play gonna play
came back that's exactly what I did
and I need some milk it's 3:45 in the
morning I came down glass milk at some
cheese I don't know why I'm probably
have nightmares now and it's nice to see
you're actually oh I don't know why you
guys are communicating miles pooping but
nice to see that you're actually using
you that's right
you bastards osted I'm worn out I'm
going to bed I was like really tired
when I got back from London I was like
all I want to do is like cuddle from go
to bed and stuff like that then I was
like no I wanna stream I'm really into
streaming at the moment and now I've
just exhausted myself so I'm gonna go
bad so thank you very much for watching
leave a like rating subscribe so you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next day
vlog until then ah sir Yas what happened
it's not just a fashion look you're
going for
like a chimney sweep
