so basically today we're just being as
British as possible and going for
afternoon tea tea we're having we're
having British lunch tea that's fine I'm
down with that
new day and not fresh they say well you
guys know I'm down in London promoting
the brand new blade with a footrest
I got a glitch guys no I'm down in
London promoting the brand new Blade
Runner 2014 now which comes out top of
fifth and that's why I'm coming around
this umbrella all day is like a walking
advertisement I'm gonna make my wife
carry it you gotta help out with a
brandy I think they found him I decided
to wear a coat and said it Lydia we even
brought the Blade Runner 2049 in
october's in act in cinema October 5th
umbrella and it's sunny as anything I'm
gonna have to take back this Blade
Runner 2049 incident was October at
umbrella I see hot look at right near
the Tower of London
nope Tower Bridge sorry no telltale
bridges although that's the Tower of
London now that is a view of London look
at that now is the Tower of London over
there hit bit of history for your faces
tauten no that's the Tower of London
Tower of London Tower Bridge his place
is hella fancy it does waffles
and then okay can I get a bit wound
address but whatever these two try off a
really tall blonde woman just I never
liked its Brienne of Tarth I was like
wasn't just a really tall lady
Pompeii's basketballs so me and Lydia
went to school together as well as me
Lydia and Jenny always school together
and these two are best friends and then
I'm just the creep you came back into
their lives so high I could see I could
see the love in your eyes look at this
maple syrup and melted white chocolate
just let away for the record this wasn't
my doing it was certain she texts me
saying I said it was her birthday I
don't know what you were expecting the
wife and Jenny to look after each other
day I got my blade rid of 2014 I now in
cinemas October 5th umbrella and I'm now
heading to the train station to go to
YouTube space because apparently the
Bladerunner staff there I've got some
cool-ass stuff for me to check out so
let's do it
welcome to a tour of London with Tom
these big-ass building over here is
called the Shawn fun fact the glass used
to reflect so much light from the Sun
down onto the cars beneath that it bent
the panels on the cars and the council
or the building owner had to pay out for
the cost to replace the panels on the
cars
stupid pointless factor no but there you
go
education for your Nations so hold many
to the train station right now there's
cotton I just art about 15 police
officers within the space of 20 seconds
like rocking machine guns and stuff
think I found my destination what is
that it's a YouTube play button oh yeah
that's what I'm going don't actually
think up into the YouTube space in
London before so I'm very excited to
check it out and there should be some
pretty cool things inside so oh that is
cool loads of random YouTube videos
playing at once that is so sick okay
Yolo rice come that is so sick a tree a
tree Oh grace oh this is sick what up
Casper hide in brother this place is
awesome
yo do we guess wouldn't make it as
drinks and food oh my god this is doe
welcome to behind the scenes of Tom
promoting a movie all right so they
actually gave me an entire set like look
at this they gave me an entire set to
work with to promote the new film and I
was just like I really need to say I
don't do skits or anything like that but
I do appreciate how realistic this looks
and especially what I'm studying right
now because you guys know I love dummy
ramen noodles and oh my god using the
white dragon we should rename this the
syndicate dragon and I'm gonna make
diamond ramen noodles for my fans and it
can be themed Bladerunner 2049 coming
out October 5th for your faces but you
know what this is this is this is the
only footage I need from here yeah I got
I got the cat doing the Hello thing
there's there's what there's more
Johnnie Walker whiskey if like they've
actually left me and here by myself
literally look I'm on my own in here
that's probably a good thing because I
said yesterday and the vlog that I
somehow need to acquire some of this
stuff no not the badass guns like no
none of these blasters or anything like
no not the hind cuffs not the noodle
trays or anything but if I could get my
hands on some of this Johnnie Walker
custom made bottles for my dad he would
be so stoked he's probably only two of
these ever made but if I could get one
of those for my dad I think I could
become his favorite son because like
right now I'm like his least favorite I
know him all the time and all that sort
of stuff and like if you're wondering
why I'm so obsessed with this risk is
because every time I travel back from
America like towards Christmastime
I always picked my dad up a bottle of
custom or not custom of Johnnie Walker
whiskey and yesterday one of the members
of staff said to me that there may or
may not be some given away so if you're
watching this and you want to help me be
a good son then you know where to find
me I don't actually go into Japan in
like a week or so so if you didn't know
that surprise I'm going to Japan I can't
say who with or why what anything like
that yet but I am going so this is kind
of what I'm expected to see not being
racist or anything because this is
something whatever that says versus
fidget spinners that's can that can do
its own thing but like let me point out
what I've just seen this is the sort of
stuff I'm expecting to see in Japan a
caterpillar advertising chicken nuggets
I've worked it out I know exactly what I
want to do this set I'm not bothered
about this digital board I'm not
bothered about this
listen Sony I won the Blade Runner
20:49 set piece of the white dragon now
imagine like this is a pitch to my
audience and I need you to leave like
crate and if you like the idea when I go
to shows and would you like to see me
conditional booth and I'm there doing
meet-and-greets and stuff like that
imagine is they gave me this to take
there and make like super noodles
diamond ramen noodles all that sort this
stuff and feed you guys at the event
personally like I'm your own chef how
sick would that mean now Sony I know you
might black Tom that cust is so much
money to make like listen I'll get you
like 20 quid you can advertise your
movies on it but as long as I get to
keep it you might have yourselves a deal
and if you think that's a good idea I'd
be down for it I'd love to do that sort
of like fun thing at my event shift I
could even bring where's where's could
talking for hours now that would be dope
well how much is gonna cost me 20 quid
dude I'm paying that for my film set
downstairs I'll take the kind of code
hell yes that's so cool I'm gonna watch
that is this all free for like YouTube
as you come in oh this is so I like
living Manchester two hours away from
this and I've never used this space ever
in my life
I know right what a waste because game
what's up dead G this is so cool it's
like oh dude checking kind of sir wins
though he absolutely wins this go
monster high doin brother this was all
done with a sharpie wait so is this like
the shard and all like the landscape of
women oh yeah Oh Big Ben of there really
what a thousand wait ten thousand where
else do we go to a hundred thousand a
million the end go yo you guys owe me my
ten million subscriber button by the way
calling you out right now where that
don't make it this is the editing Bay
and in paper wait so this is where we
can just jump on and use it I was gonna
say if you got some pcs or the all Macs
okay what are you proud of being a
vlogger oh I can actually come to
youtube and use all this why because I'm
not actually qualified to different crew
will so I can bring the crew down to
operate all this this is like a TV
studio
life of Tom TV show they've got their
own hair salon here their own dumb hair
salon YouTube space what are you doing
hi my name is Tom I got 12 new
subscribers please invite me okay man
there's a shower again
but all this oh this is hella nice like
steaks away I'm gonna give you that
indistinct what does this get used often
it does when
this is my it's great I really loved the
film Blade Runner 2049 October 6 I've
got it nailed to a tee that wherever I
walk I can just promote the film at
crazy can you actually use that cage
alright a little bit some bumps wait you
play fee for anyone
yo this is so this is this is everything
I could ever need til I make a video in
here oh you guys got priorities right I
see champagne down there yes yeah cuz it
was opens the world's first ever create
a store oh yes okay Dan and Phil galore
blame it on the lag oh wait it's dumb TV
emerge stump is good Dan oh these are
like all the people that I know of
YouTube said this is brilliant this is
now Google and these are all made with
sticky notes and you got Gangnam style
up there it's just pretty dope oh
there's even what what he's got Pikachu
oh my life is so very low from The
Simpsons okay this is beyond cool stuff
London Underground oh I would have taken
Lydia to Google with me into YouTube and
stuff like oh we've got real out real
quick I've taken it to YouTube with me
and stuff ball I had to film and stuff
and she waited some time of the best
friends so ever I really don't
appreciate your over my head with your
feet babe wow yeah this is the song this
is all love and experience it doesn't
help that there's another woman in the
bed with us no she says Jenny I bought
you this is a gift I swear to God yeah
little bit you'll absolutely love it no
no seriously Jess oh Jenny you gonna
appreciate
Jenny seriously you know love this gift
I swear to god LA I know Jenny no I
seriously like this is the bet you'll
love this gift it's a great I saw it and
I was like I saw this I was like Jenny
you're gonna love it look you know what
I'm even gonna help you take the elastic
man up Jenny I thought I thought of you
when I saw this you know what that is
Jenny listen blade room 20 49 comes
October 5th pasta there's only like 200
of those in the world Wow
the hype is real girls even see what
that was either maybe they gave it me
instead this is for me I'll make sure I
get your I'll get your Ryan Gosling one
hey yes Sony yeah can I get a naked
poster of Ryan Gosling oh all husband
for both are both yeah that's only
appreciate it damn ladies you look nice
a lack in it I'm working it it with what
listen I don't even watch football I
know the Arsenal's a really bad team
like like my brother supports my brother
supports Manchester City and says that
are some of the worst team ever what
would you what would you say to my
brother if you met him okay so we were
supposed to go to this private event
we're an hour early so come for food I'm
pretty sure with gatecrash someone's
eyes there's like a bunch of people
dancing presents and balloons but either
way I thought we'd have a really cute
candlelit dinner you can't hear anything
I don't even know I vlog what is that
okay one looks pretty damn good
apparently I can kind of pull it inside
this vision actually partridge so the
Christmas song and a partridge in a pear
tree
I can finally say I get the
motherfucking bird I found the bullet
from a shotgun shell no way we weren't
lying yes one of the pellets that came
up the shotgun shell in the food
No says replicant on my am so I'm like
fully playing it up right now I'm
assuming this is just gonna be like
music from the film or something other
than that I have no idea and it's foggy
as hell
music Jenny I have no idea
shut up I'm so good I don't even know
what's going on right now but this is
this is great I'd like to say this isn't
helping me understand what's going on
right now but I'm still just winking it
knows moving
are you scared
yeah don't live in fib a it's fine
mister it's totally fine yeah yes thank
you me a job
yeah sure
this event just keeps getting trickier
and trickier I so don't quite know
what's going on but they change DJ's and
I'm just like
Hadj
I can definitely say those Bladerunner
folk have a different way of pie and
that's my final statement but what I did
find out is this is what parently the
most tech or high-tech hotel in all of
London so I'm not sure what these
screens do but as soon as you sit down
mr. goddamn tables got USBs in it pretty
YUM
they meet him yeah convenient and fancy
so the Olivia stayed here yesterday and
late at night we ordered some food and
we ordered two hot chocolates like toads
don't know what you feel of a hot
chocolate and he tastes I just wore it
was awful it was really bad okay I'm
happy it was terrible
I just told the guy like this is a
really modern hotel that's really nice
everything that you need a good hot
chuck it was a I agree I agree I agree
so I've got a latte and then after we've
seen that you guys merely need a really
good hot chocolate thing he just came
back with this is like I've he has an
accent by the way hence though it's like
I whipped you up something special let
me know what you think so he's made me a
custom hot chocolate I don't know what
he's put in it or how he's doing it but
I'm going to try it and give a rating
outta ten so I buy a nickel over there
I'm excited Jenny's leaving those I love
you all the fresher breeze likes
is ten times better
Neko it was a free like chocolate my man
making my woman happy it's now the end
of the life finished with the Blade
Runner ray Jenny's gone home and be in
video quit smoke up of teeth before we
go to bed so when this block in this is
gonna end the vlog for today and I just
have to say a massive thank you to Sony
for sponsoring like the last two blogs a
lot of people were like why are you
doing sponsor videos it's like if I can
do something that's like a really cool
opportunity like me and Lydia coming out
to London and like you know in order to
like promote something for someone if
it's something that I know I want to
like fully get behind and support like
bleh Berlin then I'll absolutely do it
so again massive shot to them if you
guys do you want to check out the film
Toby fear the film comes out so make
sure you check it out yeah let us know
what you think of it I can't wait see
the poor thing again massive fails I
thought I was actually coming here to
watch the full thing so now more even
more excited to watch it when it comes
out so until then thanks for watching
make sure you leave a like great
subscribe ding dong I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog which hopefully will be on time
YouTube was broken today like wasn't
like you saw me stressing like it was
Brendon I'm ready to go yeah it just it
completely broke I'm sorry about that I
try my best I was like ten eleven days
in a row with it being uploaded at 6
p.m. every day so that's like my new
high school because I'm a genius that's
all I have to say about that so until
then love
