day one officially of insomnia 61 spoke
to me everyone had a pretty good night's
sleep actually I'm ready to rock and
roll not a breakfast yet
but it's time to put on the finalized
finished version of the brand new
syndicate show would you look at this
she left me a note
good morning I have ironed his t-shirt
and her towels in the wardrobe see you
later love you she is the best there
ever is being vacuumed rolling with it
we call this the big s sure like I don't
know why we called it that but this is
called the big Escher like I said I want
to come up with a really badass name for
it but I don't know what to call it so
if you guys got a suggestion in the
comments leave it down below but KaBlam
oh yeah you can't see it from the front
one sec switch around rockin that brand
new shirt everyone's been hyped for it
so we're launching it I believe
launching it today let the show
exclusively until Monday and then people
can get it online so if you only like
Tommy I kind of bloody get that shirt
it's because it's got it goes exclusive
it the show first and then on Monday
you'll be able to get it online so the
whole part of coming to insomnia man
would drop in that exclusive exclusive
exclusivity first yeah I think that make
sense no Monday to Friday 10:00 a.m. oh
my god no I've missed breakfast on
display so came in I got myself a Python
chocolatey swirled thing one piece of
bacon and a piece of ham but that's my
nutritional breakfast for today that is
one hair elated couple to that
Oh matching shares Van Nuys we could
have left the hotel at any time anytime
you can walk download we would just talk
you guys play Mary okay right hmm wait
we can't imagine imagine it you have to
put like a coin in to use it as if you
do all three of us drifting around on
this please be a pound coin entrance
oh no its keys the women are you ready
for the chaos father chaos yeah by the
Cintiq original show it's really good
here is my stand all right yeah listen I
wasn't late I wasn't late I promise I
was unable thank you all for turning up
saying hi and was like yeah next time be
on time
yeah sorry buddy all right this is me
Emily okay
good Chewbacca girl have I got this one
already yeah
oh he's brilliant oh thank you
did you make this it's a tongue it's a
booster oh you brought on it as well
some be blogging top glow-in-the-dark
Tom with Steve okay are you gonna make
the rest of it dedications thank you so
this is the first time I've seen this in
person
Sam Jones you absolutely crushed it and
now about to ruin it because my response
a signature cybela Hasan the homie just
hooked it up with some pop figures and
some watches for Ron who's this guy dude
look at these guys swag it out are you
from where wait wait best set of
brothers ever long did this take you to
do Emily that is so well done it's just
drama two signers fear was it give as a
gift all right what what can you we
supposed to be you're the guy is on the
front of every single one of these thank
you that's him that is him thank you for
being alleged who's it this sorry I shot
John and yes oh my god is this familiar
fit for Metallica that is Fe yeah that's
going in my office yeah I'm gonna put
that next to Steve he's sick Alice come
here
Oh adorable is that this red bag of
mystery gets back we've got to just pull
out of it it's a quick revive bottle is
about unit now I'll just go put in it
it's a light of quick revive bottle yo
you guys are like the homies right now
we're walking you up with a free t-shirt
thank you so much thank oh man of my
word thank you so much
look at this legendary family oh my lord
how you doing team are you well we're
good what is this shirt
who made this daddy made this the big
dude in the background who I am NOT
gonna mess with he could flatten me with
one hand this is an amazing shirt
Steve original so we need to create a
clothing line just to Steven I died one
I buy what I say what show do your trade
should we get your dad to make me why
yes
so can I open it now be good it's
alright okay oh well this is like a swag
package okay okay okay so we're off to a
good start with some footage minutes
thank you so much yes what size is it
yes all right time for trade they're not
yes I think this is the only way to do
it besides show you and once I shoot you
and we'll hook you with a free show okay
sweet let's that deal dad oh my gosh
it's so good to see you again
you know Joe when I met you up in
Ireland last time I was going through
much wear and I saw the tree and I was
like she's a little legend I hope she's
here I normally did you turned up why
she rapping oh my gosh thank you so much
for that and who's this you me yeah
you are a star Joe Shawn did you drop it
yourself you are the best so we're gonna
hook you with a new shirt is that okay
yeah all right and that moment when was
in the queue over here and I was like I
was like get out the queue and come
straight to the front um forgive your
free shirt go again we've got another
language to say it's a it's not gone
what is potato salad in well shrimp
salad tatis I'm gonna conquer the world
one could topple salad at a time so when
me Olivia were in Paris we were there
and a no got fallen to the door only was
like okay they found where we are it
turns out it was these two so thank you
very much and see I appreciate that
sorry I didn't put another note back and
I knew I was supposed to but they serve
me a popsicle lightning McQueen is that
what you weren't yeah you guys are the
best thank you so have you seen Lydia
she's on the other side okay suspicious
package what is this
oh snap how did you do that oh my god
that is doe you did this at home alright
it late did you laser coil that is
amazing
join with Sam yeah again you absolutely
smashed the foes that so thank you very
this is his sister by the way just
randomly throwing you in the blog she's
like she's like oh okay yeah definitely
brother to brother sister yeah yeah yeah
brother sister not girlfriend/boyfriend
you weirdo I know you've got it sign
here but you have to sign it form it and
you have to draw something on it and
then I'm gonna add it to the collection
okay yeah thank you sample are you
signing posters for people yeah they
said the high/low celebra all of a
sudden I dude that is so sick I've got
to get all the ones that you've done
together and frame them make the squad
rolled up again nice to see you guys
totally over 18 I'm gonna get drunk with
you guys later right yeah sure that says
you go this is for me
where'd you get this from here or from
home
you especially need lights this is a
one-of-a-kind predator where did you get
it done
let's go know what ask yourself a BMX
park place oh yeah that has got some
weight no wonder the security told you
not to hit anyone with it dude that is
so sick mate thank you so much I'm gonna
put on my house well proper go on
display thank you very much I appreciate
you just rolled up in style you rolled
up in style not only did you roll it
with biscuits oh wow
the mountain zombie edition oh my god
didn't even know that existed and Adam
mental
thank you very to hook you up I'll give
you sure this is why I have the best
audience ever come here get it thank you
so much for that thank you so much look
at this it brought me a massive bottle
of lucozade hi Paulo just random it
knows about love okay brought me some
ice cream some chocolate and some
liquors it and you're rocking this in
the kitchenette you're pretty cool thank
you very much
now I'm gonna hook you with some swag
thank you good deal I'm gonna be getting
pretty damn damn what here understand
thank you very much
guy roles have been gave me a bottle of
whiskey this will go down a tree cuz my
dad's gonna be drinking it with me hi
look at these guys we're making like
sticker box and mini lot rub your
nipples for me rub your neck ah who's up
you're not even working your stomach
lay there oh my god Jamie eat up
super big when are we getting on it but
I like danger I know what are the
chances it's almost like I own this
booth you're stalking me
right you start giving me so
Safina Sophia Dina Sophia made this for
me and this is a printout of the not
work that she did and Adam ride yourself
thank you very much dear I always see
this guy every single event
Kim you didn't bring me a gift which is
the best thing ever you know why because
you brought the cat some gifts how do I
say potato salad
in Estonian what God police a lot more
time
Kelly salad Kelly Kelly cartilage
cartilage solid totally solid dr. Lutzer
packet offal salad below is with I
always come to show and always see these
two thank you for just being great
viewers of the board did you go to the
shop I ripped joke if you're watching
this I sometimes watch it but I want to
come to the shop so that's really cool
but check out this they made me look at
that that is like all my thumbnails from
when I started vlogging on my other
channel over on life of Tom Channel all
the way through tonight what's the
latest one I actually can't tell which
torn that is another tray lookit there
it is day one done except one thing
last night
six six and a half hours six and a half
hours what the fudge dude so they go so
it's your birthday
working you up with these wristbands I
know it's not worth being stood up to
six hours for two for two measly
wristbands bought it for you happy
birthday mate
relax so what do we think say energy it
has to be high true how did it go with
Tara's or Minnie good vibes if you don't
know by the way just for people who were
confused as to where their standards you
walk through here's the syndicate
original standard if you walk around you
don't come through this way you go
around if you walk around this is where
you can find Minnie lad and terrorize it
and they'll be tweeting when they're at
the booth so if you wanna come get
yourself some any loud stuff I'll meet
them here day one success the people
were amazing million faces away like a
six hour queue but honestly that's not
on me by the way the six is on me cuz I
take so long to meet people but like
people have stories and I like listening
to it but I am I talking so it's like
well we're gonna get the beer now
butoh I come out the toilet and find
this what is producing sums and I said
this is brilliant piece of artwork The
Syndicate projects when they had six
hundred and fifty nine thousand white
but the charge is well sweet was a long
time ago father Kafka
I'm it my super bad mustache there on
the top of my way yeah I do mean I mean
you are a good people like some like
some is rare rare in community so stick
around if you're not following him
what's your Instagram search for
dropping the follow and showing some God
fit up oh my god nearly good hey you
buddy hey buddy
Jesus crazy No how are you I'm Mary go
I'm glad to see you in ready to get very
drunk
yeah well I don't know about that I'm
gonna be a responsible term responsible
lose some bullshit excuses which upset
you Whitstable oh my god it's all fuck
are you ready for chaos
they look are you ready to get drunk
that's what there's a penis oh it's
great
sure is oh my god yes now you do this to
me
to good health happiness and to killing
brain cells
but how many people are in here life is
just what I've no idea why I brought you
to
this has been such a good purpose
ah
ah
easy come easy go motherfucker guard you
pussied out of the last light to bow
race so I'm gonna make sure I'm gonna
make sure review is going down so Tom
we're gonna do a check on the boat race
that was gonna be gonna hatch it's gonna
go down
yeah okay let's do this shit Levin we
can do that right you take me you take
us to the bar
my fucking shit
we lost again sorry tom seriously I'm
sorry mate you beat me in the bear train
car I'm the Jager trail
Sorry mate one day I'm going to bed
you guys you're flexing shucks all right
y'all got a shop on your marks yes
you're out top drinking you fucking
pussy good also I love you dad
Kenny's your dad wait and we all do one
cheese and 3/4 then sorry
a31 a second goal of 12 oh my god night
Becky with Sully my god oh my god I grew
what's your name again - I'm Taryn a
thanks to this that's enough
no no no no no no no no uh-uh
sorry no I don't know enzmann drink Lou
you pink smoke like a baby and carried
into the room I don't want to say but I
think my dad but he's struggling I got
this video tomorrow certainly but I'm
happy to about have a coffee and I've
ever danced it get it get it get it
I've been drinking that's not my dance
very nice
we love you can we love them can we did
we love you guys we do okay we're going
this way is áliveá is going to casino
bar this right this right this reply
wait just wait from look everyone is oh
yeah I love it okay okay great great
hey sis biggest job something you're
invested you dislike ken Ken Ken I
thought you could swim across the lake I
could swim from here to that that front
glass window
let's go hi bro
they're fucking good swimmers give us
your shit Ken Tom give us his shit No
what is the aim of the game
go
they walk around the show let's get
moving hey let's go ken Ken and towards
me Ken Ken that's a fucking memory right
it's what we do hey we can swim with the
aftermath of me my dad is naked
my name's Tom I make videos of every day
my life and me my dad run away bastards
so we can just say fuck you alright
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rating make sure
you click that subscribe button
ding dong that Bell and as always adios
ha ha ha
sorry ojos another day another dawn bang
