the calm before the literal storm but
also in 761 it's coming apparently all
the birds decided to shed on Lydia's car
you proud of that Hollis is panicking
over insomnia and the van not being able
to get out if you don't stand what I
mean by that enjoy this clip so we
loaded the van up all this stuff was
crammed in the van is that much stuff
the wheels are almost flat we've tried
to get the van out of it
who on the back of the office and as we
were driving it everything in the van
has fallen forward and smashed the front
of the door Oh
well we got out but chip-chip at least
we didn't have the Chiron
so we've been in since 9 o'clock but you
gonna back to the van again and repack
great meanwhile me Lydia sir Oh we're
gonna try and find a letter tray cat
with cat food cat treats cat toys and a
cat carrier bag do we need a do we need
a minute but do we need a trolley same
union-busting well swallowing it this is
now our life this is now our life just
cat toys and cat things that get it
throw it in get it and throw it in we
need all the things it smelt that is
gonna look like just like that but we
fooled it is oh no it's more like more
like that one but we pulled it oh my god
I'm dying I'm actually dying I got it oh
my god I'm freaking out over cats on
boxes Oh what are you I know
little tiny little thing cat bed cat bag
cat poop area captain that for balls
food pooper scoop cats and toys and a
scratch post I think is all we need left
and we're gonna get one of these you
better know we're gonna get one of these
mama things I just don't think I'm gonna
get one from here are we is it pretty
yeah how could I even in the slightest
call you my wife when you don't wear
these you need your own pair you need
your own pair of women's flippy floppies
and their armor one small mortgage later
think we think we've got everything she
teased apart from a brush she's gonna
need a different bed but she needed
something for now and it may be a nicer
carry okay yeah but we need we need some
stuff for when she gets back she needs
to be ready to rock and roll in my house
and I needed to get a scratch thing
otherwise she's just gonna go too tall
almost over no what are you doing here
what are you doing what are you doing
what are you doing what's the question
well she knows did you turn your
internet off at seven o'clock last night
seven o'clock last night yeah you don't
plug it no no oh it's MPM yes we're
trying to monitor it you're turning it
off why because I did it's a reset cuz
it wasn't working properly you're just
someone reversed into you look away no
damage but someone just reversed into my
dad whereabouts spatzle
where was it Charlie parable 100 why did
you really crash into him alright you
need to back off about me in my car all
right
Alice was at fault and oh how is it my
fault when you get in the car you do
marachek marachek Mira check there's no
lights whose own fault
yeah but edweb ken ken did not put a
security light there
therefore it's Ken's fault yeah how
about that
how about that did he tell you he
crashed his car today yeah you did you
drove it to someone's tow bar didn't you
yeah you did he drove it through else's
car I'm actually lying someone someone
drove into him someone someone reversed
into his can try to drive off this is
this is mystery McHale join us say again
hi mud run 13 portage thank you for
subscribing and welcome aboard
it's so cute in it we should do a game
night live where we make a twitch
account for you
and we could stream videos together
games together oh sorry l subscribe oh
shut up quick quick goosh goosh 22
welcome aboard
hello did we win any numbers i don't
think god damn what a waste of 15 quid
service station stop this has pictures
of the car also she got chocolate all
down her shirt oh my god yes Oh says
Linda decided to swan dive in the mop
how did you spot this they don't have
the owl how did you spot this okay now
that is just pure chance we were gonna
get the cat a toy so when we pick her up
she's got our first-ever tie and this is
what we wanted to get there but it we
left it in France and forgot about it
how did you spot us from all over it's
two books we're getting it
actors first-ever tie well done
Hey pick up for Carl pick up for coil
pickup for Carl pick up the car driving
fast fucking dumb just a random guy
walking first this went down by the hate
this book she feeds is on the drive gets
us to the destination she's doing
everything a driver should do I mean
while we just play fucking scuffle the
entire time there it is
here's us done for the trip there's a
baby is that my boy this is home sweet
home we behind it I always forget how
big this stand is exchangers hey
yourself
he's back here look we got an on
backstage
and there oh no one oh cool and then
this is where we have the boys oh this
is cool this is giving such a nice
social thing we know yeah I'm very proud
yeah so the channel is hosted in mini
wat and Terrorizer for this event and
Alice you've done such a good job I'm so
proud of you look at this Alex Alex a
contender get original for the next step
I'm so proud of you really yeah more are
you doing I'm trying to get more how
many say no to me no thanks cow that's
what we do here this is what we do here
insomnia we count chins what on earth is
this look horrible what this is a plug
socket is it actually got plugs in it oh
wait oh my god face making this clear as
day right now if you're at insomnia 61
we've got a motor neurone disease
association booking so obviously you
guys know we raised like 300 thousand
dollars for charity for motor neuron
disease because it's what my grandma
passed away from we're going to kick
this disease asses so if okay no it's
just fucking twerking but anyway before
I broke it if you guys out at the show
and you've got any pennies or anything
you just want to donate we appreciate a
lot so thank you so much she faces if
anyone donate
yeah yeah high fives good chased you
everywhere to get to you
you always get - a team so - insomnia
day - one this is it
good look I don't judge with you you got
look me in the eyes cheers Cheers Cal
tries to get me looking at this if you
looked at me Oh they've been reunited
they've been reunited oh yeah you just
come from Kathy's phone you have right
now what are you doing on it Brian look
just vote on the table unlocked went on
his phone in between a dick pics leaked
at nine thousand retweets skewer going
for live and I changed his bio - hacked
by pickle Rick the wife is finally in
the blogs yeah wait so when you were
here and all that shit well here so long
so when Brian we stayed at my house
Lydia was like they meant every wound
when we went to Chinese restaurant I
ruined a clip because I mentioned oh
yeah everything every time I was filming
we had to cry in you kill hey Lydia I
never liked fuck we can now be open and
be like the wife is rather she's awesome
she's pretty cool
he doesn't know
oh no I just got a text messaging all
from Europe you're searching it wasn't
angry it wasn't it wasn't me it wasn't
me
you so we hacked his Twitter earlier it
was not for about 20 minutes
who texts you wanna be best mates just
good may I think you've been acting like
will share nudes and nine thousand
retweets Ryan how do you feel about
being happy
Ryan if it's not an old beautiful lady
that we met on the train spam I'm a
footm on camera camera roll and then
it's your face on the camera roll you
know you can do so at nine eat well as
you thought take photos and comes like
knowledge shit sounds like it's better
why was it necessary to say I love
banner says my universe gonna he was
gonna take the name ask you pics look at
my tweets right use the same username
I love vanna's great here we go first
one oh you son of a bitch come on what
did you tweet oh I did that one I did
that one scooter gang for I did not
really your said your Twitter feed by
the way ever news me
everyone's thanking me be like take pic
so he took nine thousand retweets yeah
well right 260 so far what was the one
before II because that's what Cal did
you think many of me are friends
Craig I'm so sorry
he's gonna get every bit the fuck did
you say ride a dragon
bring your fun and sister life this is
like some Game of Thrones fandoms it
like a bull ride but right you want to
do it yeah we gonna try and ride that
Ryan
ride a dragon you could be Khaleesi
midget edition are you happy
do you like it well like you got your
own stand man it's not just some BK
random stuff I may have got that on
camera
I don't know stay visible safety stay
lit but is that you Aaron look that way
alex is wearing the big s yeah why do we
call the big s by the way to be fair is
a baguette
if you can come up with a name better
than the big s we will rename the
t-shirt from the big s to wherever you
called it and give you a free shirt so
they're the new one palace in heaven as
always absolutely crushed it Evan the
artwork for the stand looks beautiful
okay so we've got the trigun shirt
design incorporated into it it's just
it's just perfect ad what is this shit
good nice that's brilliant
he's edible Oh God
whoa okay Wow 61 UK's biggest gave me
visible with busy journalists we're
gonna be there great insomnia listen
Ryan you're accepting this package yeah
fucking serious yeah
really what page is gonna really where's
my food - spinner really perfect oh no
give the other is going to bottle opener
for his alcoholism I get it
making it right I've actually never
owned a fidget spinner this is the
first-ever speeches no no bad oh my god
I think I got a mock a sunset bad one
yeah that's pretty don't I get a pin
much okay that's a very nice job thank
you and I know what oh what the I ones
but not the ISIS to one-up say Oh
nice oh my god can anyone get these this
is a ten out of ten package but then you
get reduced to a one cuz you put there
just I've truly never owned a fidget
spin it until now
oh god why have you done this there's
only one way to get rid of this man
there's only one way it's behaving it's
just to say go away
I love the gift but it just has to hide
and die it's like Jumanji I've thrown it
away someone will find it and I
guarantee we find Alice with it tomorrow
what does the jamak what's the gym and
you sound almost like I can hear the
fidgets better getting louder behind the
Seas of Jumanji how how it was filmed oh
my god
Mali's i know how you do we honest to
god I'm so happy
and truly so happy here I walked in that
you know you're here you get sits a
smile okay how you been it's your son
son disappearing if the introductions
have been good oh here he is
this is Tom is it absolute I am and I'm
also Chun oh my god you look fabulous
like the hand spicy means when they said
satay and all of a sudden I get a shot
of Jameson brought to the table by the
member of staff
turns out not this Caesar right there in
the middle
where's my finger this guy right here
just thought of me a shot Jim so you
know what thank you I appreciate you I
bought one box
ah there you go
what comes around goes around bitch I'm
all ears
yeah I think you just really hate so you
could believe it did you see this don't
you see that oh so what is it mean I
looked hello Oh Minnie you can't leave
us all this oh nice new shirt Brian if
only Minnie was also wearing fucking
sellout no one cares
look at him rapid hey hey is that the
new Ragnarok shirt is that the new turn
round right oh my God look at ha yes no
turn around Brian Brian pick up the
pencil yeah yeah yeah go on right yeah
god damn it I need a thumbnail
Pizza was absolutely amazing
I definitely say thank you very much you
did a good job I will be back here this
weekend and I hope it's just good okay
thank you very much brother hey thank
you very Mike and this we've got
syndicate shirt where Molly's got their
t-shirts for work tomorrow with you've
got their t-shirts at work tomorrow come
other folks your t-shirt are you working
on my son you working on my stand i week
yeah guess who it is guess who it is who
stole your hands
yeah you could smell by your fingernails
know my own ass
Adventure Time right can you smell what
this smells in xodar can you smell this
something I just don't like it
we're checked into a room where there's
two single beds not one big bed and Tom
McCallum as well - zoom a bit snot won't
be back but then we went to the front
desk and they gonna beer was it - what
big bed
so we not need to take out Mike - check
out check into a new room so room 3 3 -
you can get yourself hotel room that was
a really nice stain thank you for your
time
is this hot key in the door no it is now
I collect hotel keys by the way I know
it's weird okay so that's what's
checking out of this hotel room so now
go and find another hotel room which
hopefully will have one big oh my god
what are the chances of seeing you are
you carrying her bags wait is that all
your step wait what are we all doing
here we are rearranging rooms why are
you in a bed what are you doing you come
back down you are going to bed tomorrow
okay tomorrow love you how much stronger
is this seriously
I'll strong this smell is high one BOGO
great
known in the blogs he's gonna understand
what thanks for watching that's what you
call camera no I stole the bed go get me
back in the room to the they did take it
what's this I'm not one of these again
not one of these again is that me off in
front
over this weekend at the casino we win a
thousand pounds each this includes cow
all four of us hey Alice you're out if
we all win a thousand pounds we have to
buy like a really shitty car for the
thousand powers range do it up as much
as possible like Top Gear style and go
on a road trip around the UK or
something yeah like pure like get the
fuck out no really take it easy take it
easy
tomorrow night's the pub quiz doesn't it
you know what that means
we're gonna get fucked up
we're gonna get fucking very good so
until then Alex it's just over there
like I have no idea what's going on yeah
no we're gonna we're gonna get fucked up
and it's gonna be amazing okay so sleep
well rest well and we'll kill it
tomorrow all right goodnight boys right
let's go through oh look it's a fucking
steak in this fridge no search this
there's a god there's a steak in this
room yeah someone needs to come up to
this room understand why there's a smell
of steak so they're gonna bring up some
air fresheners for us we're not trying
to be Pickers tits but that a/c is
pumping out bacon but not the good kind
it's this very rific I know throw yours
my outro thank you so much for waiting I
know you guys have been a brony
this is my outro yes
oh my god today I don't know where the
hype came from I don't know but as
always thank you very much for watching
make sure you leave a like and subscribe
ding dong that bells get you
notification and as always all right I
gotta go all these guys been waiting for
ages so let's hope this vlog goes up on
time
