okay so before today's vlog actually
gets into it I just want to say if
you've got your GCSE results today and
you're happy with it then that's great
if you're not happy with it it's the end
of the world and all that sort of stuff
you're falling apart around you then
take a breath relax and just chill a
second because everyone needs to needs
to understand that not everything
realize around grades yes it is very
important to get good grades bought his
Cal he didn't get good grades look at
him
okay look at him he said he's a
professional adult bump and he's still
doing well for himself
Oh Cal what do you have to say to people
who with their grades today and you
happy with them great if not don't worry
about it just make sure you graft even
had yeah Confucius all you need to do
yeah live one more thing opens then you
get to go back to you teachers who
doubted you and say pride wife what do
you have to say like I actually did well
in my GCC's and I was really happy with
it I went did electrical engineering and
then I went and did ICT because after I
decided I want to do electric
engineering as soon as I started my
first day they were like algebra
I was like no so I ended up bouncing
from that and then moving into
programming game design and then
obviously my YouTube choked off and I've
been doing that for seven years
what oh it's two hours and 15 minutes to
get there oh but honestly it is
important to do well in your grades and
all that sort of stuff but there is many
different paths you can go down in life
whether it's you know going to college
with with low grades and then resetting
your GCSEs there unfortunately you know
you have to reset them and and dedicate
more time and more energy into it but
once you get them done you can get on
the right path that you want to be in
life and you know even if you messed up
you might want to be like education is
just not for me and move forward into a
different path so you never know if you
do end up saying you know go working at
McDonald's work yourself up to a
management role if you're working at a
close to work yourself up to a
management role you know there's all
these other things that you can move
into that don't require these sort of
results that you were hoping for or you
know had to get something like that so
just don't stress it's not the end of
the world
just take the next step in the right
direction and everything should go well
for you so that's a look I hope you got
what you want if you didn't it's not
there
the world just focus and get but
starting this day properly with a
five-star toothbrush wash well you know
about that yeah that's that's what
gets me excited to start my day I get up
shower brush my teeth if I get five
stars it's a good day
rocking the Insignia shirt today and if
you were wondering what the hell was
that noise earlier let me show you
currently have somebody fitting brand
new curtains in my office check this out
look how nice these bad boys get out
first of all they look beautiful
second of all these will really help
with dampening and also light so like
obviously I've got my blinds but they're
kind of potato but look at this I can
now dump in the room sound you can even
tell it straight away even though the
doors open dampens the sound in the room
so much more and obviously looks
absolutely gorgeous they're looking
really good as well and weren't shown
the coolest of what the first one we
picked I'd like I think had been
discontinued but that looks really good
thanks man you're like you like the
fairy of the house you like just come in
and maybe magic wand they started to
call you a fairy there but you know
magic my magic fairy brilliant oh how
nice this looks this room truly does
shut this door now this room actually
sounds so damp it sounds like like
there's there's no echo whatsoever in
this room now hello hello oh this room
it's so close to achieving its final
form
I'm getting my AC unit as you can see no
that's a it's a fire alarm my AC whole
unit I'm getting that changed to a
bigger system so it comes more called
there and it cuz when I've got my
screens going my computer going my like
lump on it everything that this room
gets so damn hot and I'm just sweating
my tits off so I'm getting a grill put
in for AC in here so this room should be
absolutely perfect I'm sorry not me as
we speak so fingers crossed the BT guy
manages to fix that today as well as
everything's looking pretty damn good oh
it's an organized canidate vlog is
uploading right if six o'clock hasn't
got a title hasn't got a thumbnail but
we'll worry about that later the
curtains in this room are looking nice
this go into one bedroom looking also
very nice and then in this bedroom
looking that wow it really does make a
room feel like a room having curtains
got there good looking cut the blackout
curtains might not look it because the
color but the are blackout cone so when
my guests go over now oh actually that
doesn't look like a blackout curtain
what the either way I've got I've
got blind so you could put the blinds
down both these blinds lighting so much
light on their own so with the curtains
now it will do so much of a better job
so yeah it really actually does make the
room feel like a room I'm so happy with
that choice the railings that went for
are beautiful these are like grown-up
decisions you have to make of do I have
curtains in rooms and it's like I don't
really care but then when you make the
decision and commit to it
feels good all right grand up I'm coming
down wait still here come on granddad
come on come on now hello feed me I'm
frickin starving hey survivin I brought
guests it was good I brought I brought
the the Asian and the old one great
combo great come alright wait until you
try this
this is where's version of salt and
pepper chicken pieces did you just like
Churchill the dog oh yeah what do you
live here out of ten no oh you didn't
give you it granted it wouldn't what
does she need to do to get a ten no did
she need to make you an apple crumble
yeah oh oh there you go alright
she made his one last night crumble it
was right I give her nine good goodness
okay you can't go yet what are you
giving him outta ten for the meal nine
overall are you getting a nine off me as
well nine they yo officially rated if
you watched both of them have you
watched both of them no she's looking
good I used to wash yours no you never
did that's how I got my spending money
though you think you didn't give me
spend money on watch the car it looks
like you know when you get one of them
toy cars and you can flick open like the
doors and the boot and all hi it looks
like you've done that to it
these proper stripped it down and out it
off looks nice underneath the bonnet
with Tom and Ken here we got a BMW 30i
that one is a 30-i
I'm she she's a beauty
she's a beauty I don't think that was
good on camera yeah I didn't think so
didn't happen did it - 325 break our
shores back and it's like a fine woman
she no fuss she goes it goes even
drinking some water - massive shout out
miles thank you very much for
subscribing I appreciate that but let me
just uh miles thank you very much
appreciate preciate big boy fist
subscribed for 45 months or what the
tits I was on the phone while streaming
for 38 minutes to get me internet
working did I get it fixed
no dude engineer who turned up this
morning at 8 o'clock and what cause of
out of bed did he fix it no however the
wife is now making mr. God you have a
really weird make way of making it this
is the worst way yeah you don't know
 yeah the secret's out I Livia K
brown and ain't super girls they once
knew she was like oh I forget to try but
I did a good job cook him up this
cupboard or pee all always used to be
nothing but super noodles but I think
the fact that cupboard was always you
know super evil signals and that he was
like no you have to try these and then
brought round a packet of diamond ramen
and made it for me oh my god I think
that's how she found the key to my heart
that a runny salt pepper chicken is to
die for
that's the restaurant that's the Chinese
chippy I always go to in where is it in
MacOS field & dammy ramen noodles she
introduced me to both of those things
great
oh this makes me so happy right now okay
now I have to have to say the one with
the fork has got more in it
so you can have that one what we do
there's my life that is what we do we
get noodles watch TV shows got a bet is
that that's it that's done and now we're
driving but after when this fork here
because we ha ha ha we are heading down
to I 60 once if you're gonna be there
it's gonna be good I cannot wait
it's gonna be absolutely awesome but
it's all together we have to stop this
vlog and start tomorrow so much look at
your faces see you guys thank you very
much watching make sure you may be that
green subscribe what you do to the Bell
ding ding ding dong ding dong that Bell
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
around 6 o'clock like that so until that
much love and what your adios
