this cat can talk rope oh my god
we need to teach Luna to do this
immediately hold on new day I'm entering
into the light switch and and magic look
at that
well the new dawn it's ah the neighbors
they're back working on the house just
all this should take care of my hair
before I go any further on this day book
you know what I'm just a professional
potato who's gonna go on a test drive of
the new car old car but I'm test driving
it anyway because why not
well kuzia and they be on the sofa Eddy
behind it well there's my words oh
they're not there they're not yeah it's
some reason like to sit there now yeah
oh you look suspicious how suspicious
does he look what you done what have you
doing
well there's one cat where's the other
little cats hello kitty cats hello hello
oh I'm gonna be inside a what we have
lost a cat even walk straight faster
nope yeah on a chair right there there's
one and there's your bloody doing well
you're bloody doing you you doing were
you doing were you doing oh go for it go
on yeah oh yeah go on
boom but um oh oh it's like a Disney
display I love it you're feeling fresh
I'm starving not at breakfast wait Lydia
some cereal coz she's not well in bed
but you know what I am ready to go and
do what I need to do and that's gonna
consist of hopefully not crashing a car
I'm actually not sure if that's Molly at
the desk or not so we'll find out
otherwise I'm filming the wrong person
and today I'm gonna be test driving take
a guess take a guess take a guess this
bad boy
can't wait really down the road from
where I live so that's why I'm coming
check it out and give it a test drive
what I like about it it's an Audi r8 and
it's a v10 in this beautiful white um
cabin but what I don't like is it's got
a key ignition not stopping star and it
has a handbrake not an electric
handbrake because I've never drove a car
with that I've always had my Audi TT
which is an electric can break so let's
there we go she's that breeze look at
her you've got you know you've got a
pretty good job Xena's there like you
sell cars which is dope enough you get
to drive this oh my god Hayek's
beautiful like the exact Clara like azam
this thing is just stupid looking it's
so truly beautiful
jumped on the motorway any clicks
boatload
and it fucking Jets it shifts very quick
very very quick like I was saying like
oh yeah this could be like my everyday
driver it's the fucking super car
absolutely super cab
I found a new toy about a new toy good
afternoon hello big no-no Oh max let's
go myself cuz your casa well we got here
safely you like it and The Syndicate
logo on the side business expense
Cantina occupy suitcase there that is
that's my lunch for today go ahead and
put it in the boot don't leave there and
there you go thanks for the sandwich mum
done hey you can have your car back but
you're not having this bloody open it
you know if my goddamn ham and cheese
sandwich no thank you
absolutely beast of a drive the craziest
thing about it was is I was in the array
nobody knew I was out driving that today
and as I was driving past five Nando's
bunch of lads drove past me then they
decided me like start to be like
choukaku's I'm going mate what do you
think and one of them was like get the
Jaguar no I like the Jag you but I need
some it in the meantime so I don't know
I like how my sister kind of spoiling
the surprise of me test driving it I
would like to put GoPro in there and
everything like that but let's just say
I was concentrating on a concentrate on
doing a speed limit so I didn't want to
film it anyway yeah at least looking
snapchat and Instagram to me going up to
this in the original office and because
she because she did that and some people
like haven't got it I'm just looking at
summer to play around in for a year and
before I decide to change from this and
I was like we do we you jag you suppose
we getting a Jag where's the Jag like
I'm supposed to be working with Jay you
were like the back end of this year but
it's just like I've been holding off for
such a long period of time waiting for
waiting for jugular that it's like I
really want to be around this is a way
that I really want here so I don't know
how much longer I'm gonna be waiting and
I'm not trying to sound ungrateful and
everything but there's like a year ago
that we drove the the f-type as we after
the first time so this is fingers
crossed boys fingers crossed
oh because it's cleaning
present kitchen oh you got Oh Mike I
think you're a little kitchen oh did you
pick the tiles did you bring the top
opening opening breakfast bar that
question either this is quite nice is a
bad friend Oh always tap the floor oh
this is nice that is really nice
that's really not well done you took
good jumper
well good job well done this is what
it's like to dress the baby a baby's
flop over as well they don't sit alone
Wow new syndicate original stealthily
available at syndicate original if
there's any left
look at that fresh slab fresh level
small so if you know my size I'm small
so you're medium see ship was small self
adieu my filming I'm not I'm taking a
picture
pose pose drop so cool
work it Oh Peter up yeah Oh fucking page
if I have a beautiful time I knew this
was not gonna work
come on go together
oh my god yeah
New Moon was like Oh
usually the hospital a friend fell over
once and died the next day
oh well that's fucking the press well
yeah I did say I thought it might come
out in court damn it into a come on huh
I just got to bully anyone chuckles is
you're a legend I had no idea was just
coming to check you the high school
today was all right it's dead by the way
schools everyone's back in school and
it's dead this sound being car like it
we come where it's just not I don't want
to see people it's just we could just
proper kick that and just ball and ball
and ball and it's awesome house looking
like he's been beat up over there team
name for today is the Niner Niner 69 er
I'll ah you missed the s 9 or 9 or 16
einar's do that again I'll give you
another black eye all right watch
yourself 102 vs 139 you got two strikes
well done brother
he fails a turkey you failed the turkey
nine or nine or strike strikes disperse
Baghdad get him oh hey calm down bro
just calm down calm down
ow hey we did say the next game was
gonna be a movie game so if you if
you've no watches bought before the
first person to get strike gets a fiver
and whoever wins the game gets a tenner
as well so I owe you five pounds
Oh cut oh my god what's he doing oh my
god what's he doing what's he doing he's
totally gonna get kicked out how are you
doing my ball got stuck at the end I
hope he falls in the machine I hope he
falls in the machine he's gonna do it oh
don't walk in the light don't walk in
the light get in the middle
successful mission was successful as if
they didn't know is you because they
turned up our lane
you got our cow it was not a successful
Bish's the heads my head is not in the
game whatsoever the name I'm on 44 and
cows on like a tree summer he's already
doubling my score and we're only halfway
through the game every single day
because what I just bawled was
unacceptable watch him go watch him go
sorry strikes fair strike and then this
late in the game you bowl of zero is
zero
well it's not as bad as mine I bought a
tee to go better than me I actually
rolled 82 that is alright have you
actually seen what's on the board have
you not seen this girl now what's that I
know have you seen that I read it yes we
put my YouTube on there what allowed I'm
sorry I let you down no no I don't care
about making your way I'm sorry about
what well I'm truly sorry about is the
fact that I bawled like an idiot I will
practice even if you're busy I will come
here and practice on my own just so next
time I don't let the tea I don't like
the sixty the sixty Niners down 69 nah
that was above my waist fuck you trying
to drive up my Road and if fuck off fuck
off Tom McAllen would give very nice of
the cab at him I've gotta go
love you Judy cats are you home I say
kitty cats are you home just to work
kitty cat one and Katie cat to who you
are home and you looked in so cute yeah
miserable weather dad you think it's
gonna hold we're doing Jerry's climb
probably my lifetime I come in what it's
like well a I'm riding electric I can
hit anything
Oh God that's a win I'm not trying to
say you're far Oh what that's taking it
one step beyond are you gonna take them
dad I'm not saying you fat but there's a
lot of spare room in this coat yours
there's a lot of spare room to slow you
down yeah I'm about to do I look like a
dentist it's rocking these bad boys is
gonna be a lot of wet mud on the floor
flicking us up in our face fine I rather
see clearer than I've lenses on I would
say we film and GoPro footage tonight
guys but we're just not doing mean that
having a nice ride relaxing and if he
crushes I'll make sure I film it after
math anyway and then tip Bob then then
screaming not a bad view eh Ken would
you look at it just look at it this
place is gone it's supposed to be a
massive storm apparently tonight like
eight o'clock so we need to be done by
this ride by 759 and the Pope with a
beer in our hands corn then meet you the
bomb go and berski berski and he
disappears Wow hole 5 feet you did not
beat me back no you didn't know you
punch in my tire again you sabotage me
you suffer you up there hey high five
good job brother
brother no joke my dad always beats me
home on the bike even I've got an
electric one anyways beats me I miss
struggling on a federal bike one during
my Tony's is so it mind it off a Marilyn
well god damn done these beads these
guys are so physically fit and I roll up
on a pedal bike with an electric motor
no you run a race we owe you a bit but
you always a bit from last week as well
cuz you
they've got you by the testicles and you
know else they've not got us by we
didn't get invited to neighborhood watch
how does it make you feel Alex
okay I'm just filming a random person so
about that whenever you and me hear an
alarm off we go running whenever we see
something dodgy we go running have you
been invited to neighborhood watch not
me
have you been invited I am enabled watch
because what they don't fucking know is
where the secret Batman and Robin but
I'll be Batman
you can be Robin in tight tight pants
and you can be you can you be what
superhero you could be the flash I'll be
Ken super Ken pisshead Kim all right now
let's stick with our first of all you
don't even ride with us
and then you turn up with this on oh
where do you that from no word yet from
you give up in gay with you oh yeah
if you guys want to get rid of these
jumpers syndicate rigid oh come this is
my model Tom got any good looking any
sexy oh yeah jordu you knew what he's
doing how big joint you phone me it's
massive
that Vaughn Vaughn it's unbelievable how
about laser eye surgery million it's
already way enough I know oh yeah oh
yeah I wondered why I had a flat tire is
because you think you were gonna take to
the buncher yes
food for three I'm gonna come with you
but you know what you're gonna do first
you're gonna fix my tire like you were
supposed to do the first place
PS I totally was supposed to replace it
but my dad said he was gonna do it but
he didn't he just pumped air into it
instead so it was eventually gonna go
flat John snow
bust it booyah back home this close this
door hey guys just go streaming he
absolutely might pay my dad rent because
my dad has faster internet here
he has 20/20 upload I have four but yes
faster here to upload of what people not
your blog just livestream oh hi there
how are you doing in here oh that's
weird
I actually sorry ahead say haven't seen
another cat since my own cats oh man
you're like a big fat cat you're you lit
I know not trying to be rude but good
you're like a fat cat that globe that
belly oh sorry I'm not trying to not
love you like I love you and everything
I've known you ten years Jesus Christ
you you really hated Jim fat ass either
way honest to God on my road where I
live we can't get faster than that
because it's like the best we can get
his like for upload where's where my dad
is
he's got five bits of the house so he's
got 20 uploads so if I were to stream
like 4k I could because I have to scream
his ear so since I'm my dad now lives in
the loft
I could technically move in not moving
just use this as an office and stream
for my old room imagine if I did that
what throwback weird backwards pedal
that would be but I just don't want to
spend 18 grand on internet just to be
able to get faster than at my house
that's enough my dad's at home II just
had a shower Oh geesh our home this used
to be life come outside and I'm like are
my clothes are dirty my dad's got me a
onesie ready to wear I love him oh yeah
this is truly like being back home the
office is here I've just showered like
I'm like what's that I'm gonna go to bed
guys good night I'm just gonna go sleep
in my old room what the fuck happened
here ok there's a bed but I'm not sure I
don't know whose that is
I don't know whose that is that's not my
speaker system he's any my
is my old stuff still even in it oh it
is yo age group gala top by aged 8
that's why my really good swim in just
to that what is this well syndicate fell
out from ruder ik what a legend that's
og my old speaker systems up in here
when I hung out with my friend Elliot
reading we painted cars that's oh gee
again speaker system da bit nailed it
I'm thinking for a Saints Row sticker on
it
well it's we got it oh my god that's the
hard drive out of honestly my laptop
that has got about 40 to 100 nukes from
modern warfare 2 on it as well as all my
og games the hell is this
OOP what is that okay that's not mine
that's definitely my sister's butt Oh
doesn't old raise a headset case damn
he's just so much there's literally so
many secret things in here that if I
went through this one day it would truly
make a really good video
what's even in here I don't know was
that I think I'm pretty sure that's an
ugly Christmas sweater there's always a
shout-out to blackout blinds homies
since day one the moment I knew they
existed
these eggs are from your guys chickens
they look weird or they look normal
that's a normal looking egg these
deviled eggs that we follow it free
range chickens I'll take it this is what
I should be eating every night instead
you know they cook myself chicken strips
I love you girl I love you a lot
can I move back home you've got faster
internet the cats clearly get fed and
the humans get fed this is like this is
and I get a great cup of tea thanks Gail
so to have to stop payment again just
gonna ignore the fact that I have no
shoes on day M if you ordered one of The
Syndicate original stealth hoodies that
I was talking about in yesterday's vlog
going live for the last ever time today
yeah we sold out in like an hour
hmm yeah everyone was like how old are
they I was like they're a limited
edition is in the sense of limited
it's a limited run so to every single
person who demanded we did ascend the
original cell for a because it was such
a sick design it took it takes if you
make a say a hoodie that was syndicate
print on it that takes like maybe three
weeks four weeks turnaround to get those
hoodies custom made because he was so
custom it took like four to five months
to get made you might be like well
that's you need to find a better person
but we were so happy with the way we got
them done in the past and everyone else
to love them that we brought them back
we did it and to every single person who
supported syndicate original you guys
are legends and you got your hands on
the last ever run of the hoodies so much
love to your faces Alice just text me
was like god damn they got it ready I
don't like goddamn never again so if you
copped one holler at you by take a
folder when you get it and tweet me at
pro syndicate syndicate original on
Twitter and we can be like bang
retweet did you manage to get yourself a
hoodie or are you actually curler did
mean to spook okay
just wanted to check if you were sat on
a syndicate original hoodie what is it
what is it what is I'm pretty sure this
is syndicate original it's is this the
OG is this the OG why is it cap you're
really better promotion that's what is
inside out I swear to god I am being
followed I'm trying to just let walk
around my kitchen safely and I think I'm
being pulled by a cat I'm I'm being
chased by a cat oh my god lays on me
this cat's been following me if I sold a
cat you're so small why you following me
up into the bad neighborhood is now two
of them it's now two of them following
me I'm gonna just want one drop to open
up two and the cough
I love cats and your reward is you get
to attack this ring don't ya Tom if you
don't see a little bit of dead skin
jokes Steven I do buddy you okay let go
Steven little Steven he's tired he was
Amy's cave but I brought him out this
cave Tuesday low to the blog dead look
at that quote that's four subscribers in
a row Craig Lee two four seven unicorns
uh inter touchy thank you very much and
uh I don't think axing thank you very
much what a quad so bust dope I'm just
trying to get better at this game as
much as I can but I'm still a potato but
we need to take a second to shout out to
Mikkel I thank you very much for
subscribing about to its shell for four
months in a row bro you didn't have to
do that but thank you but wives made not
from a tin made rice pudding they don't
want rice pudding is I don't know how to
describe to you its rise with like
custard I think but oh my god she made
rice put him and man that is hella good
11:54 in the morning in a night sorry
it's not a.m. its p.m. just to confirm
that right there that's the time
finished a three hour livestream it took
me three hours to win one game a player
in noble grounds tonight but you know
what I did it so success that being said
I think Lydia's in bed and has been in
bed for like the past two hours so I'm
gonna go to bed now spend some time with
her she's probably asleep so ya gonna
bounce I was gonna say kitty cat so
you're gonna say goodnight book how are
you - balancing on one chair like
there's through
there's just three chairs what are you
just ready to get on this one that just
looks uncomfortable either way guys I am
streaming a lot more on twitch.tv for
session decay it does affect like my
days cuz you seem like when I'm back
here and there's not a lot going on it's
because I'm streaming I spend every
minute of my day I can just stream and
play that game
I don't know why I'm just so driven to
want to get good at a video game and
everyone's like Tom I want to see your
video game content and it's like even
though I'm not posting this video I'm
doing it live so if you haven't missed
my gaming stuff that I do and just
ramble bollocks whilst playing video
games well that's the place to be to
watch that happens so for people being
like Tom when's your next adventure I
may be going down to London this weekend
I'm not too sure if that's confirmed yet
but I will actually be going to Japan
mm-hmm it's gonna be happening so get
ready for some of the craziest vlogs
you've ever seen it's a long-ass
distance trouble that I couldn't even
tell you how long it takes to get there
but it's a long-ass distance I'm gonna
be going with some people who I'm not
gonna tell you yeah and it's gonna be
incredible so I hope you guys looking
about tonight if you're looking forward
to Japan Japan vlogs trying crazy food
doing crazy things and shit like that
then make sure you leave a like rating
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. the
next day you live login until then much
love
