that desperate times that desperate
times two-faced
 we've run out of children the
headline is broken two faces were now
we've got no soup with me
we're smelly people oh good good did you
enjoy your stay in the hotel y'all used
to you ready to go go on your heart
no we did it so let's go hello little
baby cockroach what are you doing what
are you doing any change it is some
number like all the next ones apart and
then you want our baby hungry I think
that's a lie
but apparently a cockroach can survive a
nuclear bomb I don't know how I really
don't know check the toy store how I
don't even think I can cast this as a
toy store this is like a collector store
oh you bet oh oh oh ha ha
you better know I'm going into what
topic is you've got Oh white the
collection oh my goodness me hell yeah
they've got Rick and Morty I have no
idea lead itself at character I truly
don't understand who the hell buys never
never seen a character Mars Oh west
world oh oh I might have to get that one
I might have to get that one and then
this got no four we've got all gildo up
I really really want this one I'm the
juggernaut from called you if that but I
got this one I've got this one I have
this one here I don't have these two I
really want one but I just cannot be
asked carrying them maybe that's the
hairdryer hotel really good oh my god
this has been a huge a smile were
walking through but inside the mall or
shopping center whatever you wanna call
it
you've got an entire supermarket in it
as well and it's absolutely massive like
look how far back it goes and all the
way there and it's two floors
favorite place I think it might be my
favorite places worth they have 15,000
different types of bottles of water even
more over here this place in massive
push I'm bagging ah this is the wine oh
my lord why two sides of all red oh my
god these people know what they're doing
they're all alcoholics though I have
today where's the cheese I'll take me to
the good stuff
this place is ten times better than any
American place I've been to all UK
that's all cheese all the way around no
no what I think it whines to go with it
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah look the little
fondant sit on hum I'm triggered right
now oh my god that's good stuff way to
go oh yes yes yes
yes oh not too sure about that one ed
looks kinda mouldy of course the Don
Kalyan is behind a glass cabinet whoo
how is he a sustained what what what a
vice Cristal right yeah oh well the dog
Lisa stays I'm justified in this life
they know this is a big piece of hand on
I should cut a DDoS attack got myself of
a get to make up rallies some hump some
more hump and I need some cheese and I'm
making myself a goddamn baguette okay
down there just to show you okay yes
you're fine don't worry
I will get you some food I got a
baguette I got some cheese or some more
cheese and I got two portions of Tom I'm
suing them because that cheese was going
to think they're small is officially the
bat Marvella venom not just cause of
that but because of that USB charger
that in chairs that's amazing it looks
good you can try them
Oh oh my god this was four euros for all
this hell yeah out god guys I mean
laughing back
guys maggot should we find out if songs
have a chicken Danny good in France Jack
and they've got it
sad I've ever chicken chatter there's
one of the table quick look at the
fingers crossing this crossing this
croissant I pass on mother so I bet
chickens on oh it's probably oh yeah oh
there is the Samba chicken that's it
with starid service on that doesn't what
about chicken with salt pepper people go
on give her gone
god damn it from one job one dog one of
all I say have never a savory trap every
set no I'm never to savory crepes before
I've got ham potato cheese and prawns
yeah be Gellin what's hot they clients
got bacon or mushroom act well we have
you an egg okay that looks good you know
it's good I'm not too confident about
mine right now
no wait before you got there big China
oh my god this is final destination the
last time you'll ever be in this hotel I
think well for now anyway I like the
bags jumping you but head to the new
hotel check out the Eiffel Tower deal
done timing literally walked in grab the
bags walks right outside into the uber
thank you sue zero English zero friends
there was a bunch of bonjour je
m'appelle stop Jimmy post on yeah
that's why I've been at Disney all this
time and then he's got you down
we catch and going in little bit catchy
see the French passionate redundant
three one up internet and cute box so
sane and there's the Eiffel Tower
oh you showed such a good time to come
down here oh my lord this is beautiful
we could go to vote um it's your
favorite so yeah no no do i why would we
run out of run out of like multi-purpose
shower gel hair whatever did we run out
of it so we were squeezed into the very
bottle so we were hoping that the next
hotel we went to have extra stuff you
really excited with summer you'll be
clean babies okay well is this blue got
a bathroom in here cuz showering here is
a bigger door for the toilet Jesus and
this glass bathtub very this is a very
nice I love with this wide angle lens I
can just see everything looks if I just
doing this or without it got a nice bed
but I've got that with it see everything
that this is a nice house room
Ross only for one night so if you go
back home I'm going to eat Sam yeah I
thought that was a mirror I was going to
talk into it what's in here a safe was
that a head I check what is this a
sewing kit mmm-hmm
listen here look up robes an iron I'm
liking it I'm liking it I'm actually
never used one of these espresso
machines before so I'm going to try and
do this now okay so I don't know what
each corridors
40 solongo volley to decaffeinated decaf
coffee mate I'm screwed roads suck I'm
just gonna win organize the you
okay then just put this on like that and
then press this oh no no in this okay um
the whole it depress it I have no idea
what I'm doing
oh my god I can see right into
everybody's ruined Jesus
there are cavity in this area my lord I
understand they're naked tomorrow as
soon as possible oh he only came to
Paris to see the Eiffel Tower Sparkle
and to say you learner it's so many
tourists oh oh oh it's my child oh there
it is
oh my god what a spark holy
good Shou it's big it all right oh my
god I feel awful
holy snap on a pancake cool we walked
about 25 seconds from the hotel to get
here this was well played very well
played yo the wife knows all the sneaky
spot we walked down the path early no
one here good shower
what can I in the background that is so
sick because usually all these obviously
is only obvious this usually and it's
just too close that's great in it okay
you can sit all this in easy that's good
good we think we genuinely got the best
diversities in the house well played
wife well played two seconds thousand
four three oh I'm a genius
oh wow I've never seen that before
isn't it so beautiful it really is I've
never seen that before
oh I never seen haha we are that is so
nice the moment is in and bananas he
doesn't know the liver except any shock
no need to pick up me
what the is going on my face I like
the Apple die we should gone home today
we just said this but we could have just
left
yeah would have just got home but
instead we get to see this together
I love logging this is the wind no I
just get to travel now I get to share
with you I can't have cute moments so
often otherwise I be sick yeah I do a
block
Vaness call me a whale to me oh crap I
got a lot making up to like of it yes
this is what I want to see the police
have basically done a sting operation
see other way my weapon oh look at me if
they're surrounding the area to please
because these guys walking around with
the tubs of they're selling it illegally
like the guy with a book at there went
that well and then I'm the police the
police came out of nowhere and jumped
over that wall they're tracking that
dude down just broke out into like
singing
I was already got the perfect crowd your
people around you they're definitely
brain I look you know quite sure what's
going on but it's great vibes and I love
it
this is a super cool thing in this hotel
is the entrance and this is called an
honesty bar all right so obviously here
are the prices and this is what you're
supposed to do you're supposed to write
down here what you've drank what your
room is and might be truly honest about
what you've ordered and then just help
yourself and go rather than waiting for
someone to serve it to you and they said
that so many people just steal from it
obviously you can understand it's so
easy to do but how cool is that an
honesty bar never ever seen that before
in a hotel ever so much wonder that huh
we're now going to a show it's called
the lead oh I will not be filming it
because there will be lots and lots he's
just watching the girl in you which was
trying to say that is food lots of them
she seen it before and she says the best
thing you do in Paris so doesn't she
look beautiful
then that my wife please I look like a
potato
hello tourist destination hello chaos
traffic it's art trim this is where a
wide-angle lens would be great but it's
in my pocket
hey as a quick a through but to get
where we need to go I like that again
like I said I can't film inside hissed
if you want to know what it is you're
going to have to google it this is
elephant it I didn't know it's what the
ticket that I bought we just didn't have
to wait out I've walked so ever we just
got form straighter from the private
explore hoedown there's like no one in
here
Helen I budget oh my goodness me where
have we come to about the Decatur I
would like a professional photographer
taking photos of it and the photo came
out really really like that it was like
oh hold on hey so you just winged it
don't worry
we do truly just winged it and I love
just going with the flow
I'm like Big Easy gonna be a stressful
week and no insomnia you are not
prepared
this man is carpet so this is clover
they're all I'm going to be able to show
you of the show so far from this do ten
simple because the rest of it contains
two so here's your five seconds of mine
five four three two one oh
are you this
okay bye we managed to switch tables
because I'm going to show you to step in
the void
just as the one film for Duda public
looking for a month looking shadow so we
start in the private section Maya
absolutely incredible show
I loved it loved it hey I became okay
Baba came it was Justin like get in bed
and try and find a game of Thrones dream
but instead we came watch this
tomorrow will be game yep worth it look
how nice that looks
it looks like I'm giving you a 360
degree tool clean it now take up my
linen potato and a book rude we're
getting good at this
53 really good is it can tell you what
it's that guy he was saying front of me
that show tonight walk in this hotel
it's mushy that I like that even though
no I shouldn't have eaten I'm okay
holy go to bed okay and after five days
we no longer have to scrape the barrel
then all set lots of times just about to
say the good make two-faced that
make a brunch
I'm so glad right now like you have no
idea how desperate within like it then
blood but oh it is so nice to college I
sponsored I am yeah today's vlog is late
because my bike ride as one of these
lads crash to fight ethically twice so
tomorrow's vlog yep tune in at 6 p.m.
for that should be on side sorry not the
one day go back to England it's it's not
time but that's what it is
thank you for watching this look and
watch when we all now know with you I
just want to say like thank you very
much for like this like community and
family that we have online being dead
respectful and nice like you know
someone's outta line then people reports
run into the comment put them into place
and then you know report in the comments
and then get a number
appreciate a lot because you know for me
to introduce new people into my life on
my blog Kazuma is pretty much a big deal
so thank you for being a really really
awesome community and if you are going
to ASIC you want I'm very much looking
forward to meeting your face Italian
shake your hand and say thank you for
watching my videos in person so let's go
to your faces I do have to go because as
you can tell
everyone's gone now I don't know where
they're going I honestly have no idea
where the rights going so I need to go
when sub see faces make sure leave like
playing subscribe ding dong that Bell
get your notifications whenever you need
and follow me on Twitter
a pro syndicate and I'll see you guys
tomorrow for the next daily vlog which
hopefully hopefully will be on some hot
off
