you know why you should never get a cat
sure why you should never get look all
of my clothes covered absolutely covered
in fluff well it's a brand new day it's
a brand new life don't say it's a brand
new life but you know whatever we were
rocking rolling today I've got to go
down to syndicate regional because I
have a podcast to attend to which is for
the insomnia folks so look forward to
that but I've got me there in seven
minutes so I'm running late to that I've
got a deal of this so I don't want like
a kitten has just absolutely molded me
today you ever designed this you're a
genius
what is this what is this this is some
is this is it's actually some money Wow
amazing
today he's gonna be an interesting day
this I believe is a letter from the
police so I haven't opened it yet it's
addressed to me but my mom was like you
should have a letter from the police
just grab it and then bring it down to
the office so we're hopefully gonna find
out a bit more information about what's
going on about that dickhead of a driver
meantime I'm about to rumah trainers on
this muddy path and I have t-minus four
minutes to get to the office before I'm
late for this podcast
dear mr. Cassell with regards to your
accident we request you complete the
form attached road traffic collision
report within 14 days of receipt page
four of this plaque constitutes your
statement of evidence do not hand it to
all the witnesses complete employee
insuring your button name is entered
next to statement off brilliant I
decided to sit outside in the Sun get
some color on my skin and then the
moment I decided to do that was
understood yeah where's the Sun God
beyond the cloud if you're telling me
that isn't a cloud yeah in front of the
Sun behind something but that makes me
no sense
so what happen with you then you went
from being on a really strict diet than
eating that massive tall bronze in our
bucket yeah all right one piece which is
about the size you face why is it just
too much well thanks to whoever said it
was once again but apparently they don't
like it mint did Manon apparently I say
wrong Austin Austin Austin Martin
goddamn that's nice you know one thing
one thing I'll never understand about me
is I'm a massive James Bond pub boy like
massive James Bond fan boy
so my go-to cash should be an austere
mine I love them I think absolute
gorgeous they are ridiculously expensive
I do love the f-type and I prefer it
over it bought
realistically I should be going for the
Austin mine
James Bond and to drive around in a suit
all day it's like the ultimate dream I
say about bumping into people sure on my
own call don't run you know what I
always got even beans people I didn't
live in a particularly small village but
how nice is that was I was like walking
to the shop on my own I didn't drive I
just thought I'd walk no son an exercise
bought one it's not that far to there's
no Sun well I was like oh all the way oh
now my own and then I looked into Sean
you know what I say things happen for a
reason things just happen for a reason
that first time I said that I got run
over by a cast about what Charles well
keep selling me a evolving animal look
at this it's evolving or it's it's dying
I can see the skin that is come out and
it's now growing wings go on that lid so
Steven dinner and serve and now time for
the caps which no Katsura coming running
to attention so okay yeah let's let's
just keep it out to boxing the
commitment yeah well good idea
oh you know my friend now have you have
you got someone else to rub all the
 flavour
look I'm absolutely right now yeah me
look it replicates you for a second
you've got so much hair on you look at
you know he loves you to pieces he's
right tom where have you been my best
friend really live around the corner
from me I've not even seen your new dog
no I'll come down this week oh I'm gonna
get in this stream side oh yeah well I
started on time but I started eight
minutes late kind of buddies shout out
the following James Hall J wait what
James uh-huh uh-huh thank you ever
subscribing step oooh grand shot book
worm Prince and Michael said suck on my
balls
wow what an amazing rich chef thanks
guys oh my god first word of the night
let's go boys everyone's typing into
number three because about three wins
tonight by so we're gonna roll the
giveaway in five four three
I don't know that was too
and the winner will be Dion Dion us Dion
you seeis die odious congratulations my
friend amazing profile picture now this
is gonna be a very random clip but Jimin
when it was Mother's Day in the cap of
the day we got crashed into and all that
sort of stuff well we made the most of
the day we were unlike fairground right
like 2p machines and stuff like that
well me my sister are very competitive
if you've never noticed and we competed
against each other playing air hockey
now I thought I'd lost the clip but I
found it an alice is demanding it to go
in the vlog so without further ado I
introduce to you the most intense battle
of air hockey you've ever seen in your
life
Tesco's d'etat way out sure with me and
granddad did one the other day so your
tensity well now and i'm gonna give you
this one option on the outro as well
which I gave to granddad alright you get
words of wisdom for the world what would
you say make the most of today cause you
don't know what's going off in tomorrow
alright and if you haven't noticed my
mom's now part of the sidemen so thanks
for that month
really nice syndicate original hood are
you wearing there ah guys thank you very
much for watching I hope you enjoy
today's vlog I know it's been a short
one but like I screamed all goddamn day
a little did an hour stream I'm gonna
probably be streaming those as well
tonight so if you guys would check it
out mum I do I stream working fine be
streaming twitch dot TV forward slash
syndicate I'll be he'll be streaming at
7:00 tonight and there you go guys so
thank you very much for tuning I hope
you enjoyed the competitive game if you
already be the best viewers ever
my sister's Twitter is on the screen now
if you all go and tweet about to know
how solely she lost that game that would
be just beautiful and to add more salt
it's ruins if you want to tweet Carl as
well tweet Cal let him know that is a
future wife is a disappointment at
gaming so I'd appreciate that
catch you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next vlog until that would sort of
see you at twitch link down description
and until then we're stuff
