new doors and new digits time to rock
and roll
with three hours sleep we head on to do
oh oh I was filming in the mirror well
that was a satisfying breakfast half a
slice of ham I'm gonna take this with me
and I'm gonna make the jump we've got an
hour now to get to the airport um I'm
probably gonna miss my flight as I think
I really do try we meet again mr. Tator
we meet again hella tired can't wait
what's up your flight there's something
alarm yeah no just good job Basel you
would say RJ wakes me up too early wakes
me up way too early
good you were wake up though saying it
then makes the roasted a coffee dear
yeah it's time to do the deed furious
your sister is clearly more successful
than you so do you ever just step back
and go that's just weird and I
think well it's do her a favor yeah
she's everywhere who needs be spread out
like a spy face of it it's pretty she's
on every single page dude every
time it's just weird innit
what was your reaction the first time
I'm sorry sorry Alfie Joe even JJ's on
it Tommy need to be a foot down it's
over the Pops he's stuck sitting tall on
that night mate no I don't wanna watch I
love showing like my dad and stuff I'm
like dad look that's Joe he's like no
 way oh my vlog Oh y'all put
y'all oh yeah what was that
this is how we always spend our last
time together yeah Starling as much time
as possible at the airport and I each of
the till the end
scheduled Joe I'm gonna tell you that
you one more time
ease it your sausages sausages you are
gonna be grounded for a full day if you
don't eat your sausages so get it
together your sausages you'll do walk
get a about the name of the club the man
with a car Tony Tony that's some fun toe
the name was Tony Hancock
in community close love you leave you
your sausages that's not like that's
jobs it's been a joke it always is
so was a lot it's always a headache and
it's always sleepless he's an absolute
bastard makes me look like a.m. every
day
but if you didn't wake me up today I
would not made it to this Airport on
time so Joe I love you brother
oh hell yeah I'm actually getting on a
small little propeller plane this is
gonna be awesome
however I don't have a bug benefit so
this is my awkward
so let's start on an island
an adventure
three again well we meet again I say
goodbye what's more I was actually gonna
try and get myself to a Christian but
pretty sure oh sweet home let's see if
the cat's remember me I've been gone
like four or five days but I've just got
a feeling they're gonna be like who the
hell are you hello
not too sure why this basket on the
football hello
if I know you guys properly you're gonna
be back here no oh I got some cats on
the loose
kitty cats where are my cats this house
smells like cats this house really
smells like cats they might be in the
bedroom book they usually don't like
walking across the glass cat hello hello
there hello the cats I seriously have no
idea where my kantha I've actually been
about half an hour and have still not
seen a single cat if they somehow going
to the cinema hello hello cats cats no
cats hello Steve I haven't forgotten you
about about you by the way I still love
you and will play with play later okay
me wearing the Gutzon got some quickens
oh my god you just three monies back
what is this savagery - crickets going
out mate let's go girly for this watch
this watch this watch is gonna kick you
in the face
kick you in the face go on go on go on
lad
what up the one for they're going for
we're going for it this is this is this
is entertainment as my vlogs filming
crickets firing bill don't see any cats
I'd really and genuinely confused as to
where the hell the cats are like I don't
get it I'm almost convinced or not
actually in the house oh my god after 30
minutes of walking around my house
looking for the cat's eye tech with you
and she's not responding to me because
she's at christening I text him one was
like this may seem weird but did Olivia
take the cats to the christening she
said no she said Wednesday that hers
lost now because she's still not feeling
well unfortunately
so yeah the cats are in the house I've
been walking around looking for him for
thirty minutes
I came in ten minutes of was like yeah
there look come and say hello if I just
sit down yeah they're not even here
well I found out the cats yeah but no
one's in the house so I can't see my
cats
good morning Luna how are you doing
your pairing so download it's unreal
look at your beautiful called you John
bloody snow white walk why are you so
like that seriously I am my name's cut
your sisters okay that's cute I like how
he kicked her in the face and then was
like ok I lick your face it's ok
teamwork we've won wet and windy please
to just go to another it's
miserable Jim Cooke from Cannes
being a restaurant because in the big
pieces mom that's Keith and it's his
birthday today I don't know how we'll be
is bought more of this stuff
ah yes for starters I'm having a random
selection of jeez cheers man if this
food isn't good I'm gonna hate you
forever family you shipping kebab thank
you very much and one lunch a little gin
okay maybe I'll judge yourself what did
you got really aggressive and we do in
this game I always punched him in the
face just like that noise I'm home
change of plan nope I just want to point
out that each one of them is eating my
toes maybe it's my left toe which is
destroying I think guys busy in this one
I basically have cast slippers for the
morning
Katsura 9 7 o clock Des Moines cats
relying bulk in the morning which is now
cats are also very annoying I love
species but oh my god you guys are on
crack cocaine what are you doing you're
just really round after each other like
Mad Bastards stop it I'm gonna need like
a night's sleep with the cat's locked
downstairs just so I can relax but
videos good off to school cuz she's a
teacher and she has a job whereas I and
I started my day at 10:00 a.m. so I've
got to wrap things up here guys it was a
very quiet day today just simple because
I didn't do anything
I got up or over Trevor but you're good
now that I'll that was amazing I cannot
wait to go back and I'm truly planning
on getting a campervan
with like Nicola dick and like maybe
some people from Razer and GF or
something like that
and traveling around island just like
like island northern island and he's
having a really fun time kicking back
traveling and might do me ups and stuff
because one last word out there
the to me oops I did was so epic and the
the people out there are just so much
fun and super friendly and I cannot wait
to immerse myself and that sort of
atmosphere again so yeah I'm gonna go
back to bed for like four hours or
something like that that seems fair but
until that I'm gonna go so thank you
much watching make sure you leave a like
rate subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next vlog
until then
