Ezra noodle it's a new day Joe's drunk
how you doing
yes Joseph you've got you've got four
sandwiches in your bed but no took these
wait wait no where did you get that
Chris from if we're gonna get me some
juice each so dunno get your crispy hand
off my hand this is Tom and Joe day
three let's go wait
no it's something I don't know what's
going on either
Joe don't look at me like that yes
they're making up the sandwiches it was
Eva cheese a ham and chicken a bacon was
that chicken and onion right
no it's chicken and cabbage sorry Eugene
all right mind I got chicken that's not
even bacon okay I don't exactly know how
this happened but he did I think I put
the plate down and it just aggressively
exploded
what does that weigh you know shots go
in wet and they come out dry I think all
rogue don't I look like a blur DJ I look
like a bunch that kicking the shit out
with somebody but holbrook 30-minute
massage massage massage here I come by
the way everyone's used to be doing with
spires but then you know I went with
Rydia next to me but no Lydia this tab
no secretly hide and go I wish you would
hear them what a beautiful spa this
thing is absolutely gorgeous there's way
too many people in there so I'm not just
gonna walk around filming so that's all
you get to see your spa what do you
think of my hair it's nice right it's
like what is it what is it what is it
from is it from from the desk of Steven
Meldrum general manager what do you let
me see we get one each Oh dope sorry
Steven the manager for Toms yeah sorry
about dropping the Chris wow thanks
Steven oh dude these look amazing
you should never eat candy off strangers
but you know what I'm gonna i'm still
gonna send it are you watching my vlog
okay another nosebleed is happening to
get Joe's getting ready let's show you
our outfit choice all right Joe I
thought I messed up because on my bucket
it clearly says 7 is and there's my
outfit looking rocking and rolling and
then Jimmy is it nice
I feel it oh yes I do those fresh
is fresh but Joe messed up as well like
if you look on the product is it close
has seven years we're supposed to be
doing six days we fact that we're from
the 90s yeah we don't we don't know my
mom my mom says this will pass as a
sixties outfit anyway so you might be
like Tom what are you wearing and I'll
just say I don't fucking know I'm
wearing a flurry it fit and that's all I
can see I didn't get a piece of Italian
I got six medallion but like literally
man sex simple I think it's man sex
symbol and that's that all right I'm
going for it I'm wearing it this is my
outfit - one thing introducing Bob Ross
Tom edition this is my outfit I'm
wearing it I'm rocking it my dad wish it
had hair like this back then yeah yeah
yeah I'm actually got to face uh my dad
to check this is actually 70s cuz I'm
pretty sure this is seven is not 60s but
you know what bah blah so fine I'm just
like a me seems like people had clothes
to wear for this event and then me and
Joe did we start out the best oh we look
the best so far so good suit suit suit
jacket everyone's looking cool he's got
medallion he does have a Bob Ross we
code is it
I think we've outdone ourselves no in a
bad way in a truly
good everyone else's are so I don't know
how we're gonna do it a little bit or
I've got my shoes on
you better know we've already used the
photo booth and look at this
magnificent come brother one down months
ago the place is game busier and busier
we're reunited by the Irish American
Scottish blue and the nine continues
it's Peter Parker by the way I got given
these glasses and a second mom I feel
like it takes me from a 70s outfit to a
$60 fit which is exactly why I need so
I'm they got a pieman thanks to
chocolate we're gonna bring you my name
come on in
I see you you're looking to see me look
at you pretty bring it on in and we'll
take a little bit more in the master if
that's okay ladies and gentlemen it is a
genuine honor champions over here
beautiful ladies come on in it's up to
Truffaut here we're getting wild it is
madman and 2017 champions we'd like you
to do a little something a little test
if you will but we'd like you to do
reach into your pockets hold in the air
the oldest thing that you can find the
weirdest thing you can find hold it in
the sky every single person pop them in
the Sun we're gonna soften up that piece
honestly you got hold them in the air
the deal is this got is amazing you're
my favors every single person I see you
told man at the time I see if this thing
all this thing you've got your phone on
this review stating hold it in the sky
if we touch him it goes in a song and
very good looking infrared proud you
know that it's happening
welcome to the 60s when we walk in the
metallic
get healed away from the text to me it
looks real it's from Claire's
accessories gets you to know what you're
gonna get yep that's about you know man
quick to deliver for the beach
not with Stokes in an honor to be here
jump makes the most of this marital book
kids tonight we are trimming the party
these three heroes are your party
committee this is a party and one man's
home and what man's home only ladies the
Cubbies are number one to four make some
noise for my man Adam and the party -
what do you teach other videos we do
some watch him and start what's your
favorite costume Halloween Buster devil
drop it we say Amen
he's my he's freaking joke he likes to
see himself up a bit deep hold it in the
air
till his face like you just don't pay
her yeah man I pressed record he likes
his face on an mp4
I'm sweeps a fried fish tips might be
tears of joy and I cannot wait for my
fish and chips is about Joe's all
excited on aggressors John Lennon or
whatever Joey when your phone is going
to say hello you don't make them cry
for the video we need to say right now
it's the fact that we met you in Ireland
and pride so and now we're at your
wedding is insane my feelings about her
and what love is there is there is one
line it's it's not about finding the
person that you can live with it's about
finding the person you can't live
without
that you can like myself Lawrence
sending you folks I love the best wishes
and your wife is a very very very
special
you will have a beautiful wedding day
that's positioning I hope you have it a
wonderful the drinks in them saris or
very young ones that you have an over
cake Oh Gavin Liu dancing and all the
sets let's be honest a fantastic wedding
hello everyone there sorry a copy I'm
currently in Tulsa yay
Thank You movies of people with buttons
what went wrong but everything's going
to you and have a beautiful wedding and
very much thanks for marketing you know
you certainly deserve you know the
quality of person that Kristi is you're
a beautiful man
which means I'm very happy to take you
as an adopted Ozzie yeah you're you're a
good man very much got some Aussie bud
running through this up in some way but
you just want to point out in case any
of you haven't noticed this entire cake
is made out of layers of cheese
it looks like leer say oh I cannot wait
to be here for this we are in the right
place right now I began to practice and
I can't wait to watch it move up dude I
got ice cream by the way I got mustache
I must ask you a question who wants to
bounce
slowly all quick slowly waking this one
stay still stay still let me put it on
backwards
grab my food no no it's
but I did not mean to steal your heart I
borrowed it with confidence of returning
you it goes too high you can even bring
it
Oh rings bread it's one nor the Rings
bread we're supposed to do a show vodka
I said no so instead we're doing a Jager
Bomb oh no are you doing a Jager Bomb
with us are you 18 are you what's your
boyfriend's name Tom if you're watching
this go fuck yourself
you're not here we love you but we hate
you because you're not here we did a
shot together I cried
I think this is the lesson
this is maybe one of the most legendary
Knights ever because of one month maybe
one of my token Barger his name is Peter
Parker his name is Pete is not the Ibaka
Peter fucking his Barker what positive
vibes we're kicking it we got the violin
is still ready to go you're winging it I
love it
I'm just waiting I'm sorry back to work
I'm sorry this is why the Irish is so
awesome
it's nothing but good vibes Joe I did
not ruin that song with my violin skills
you back the hell
have you ever seen an old man change
literally walking along with Rick from
the walking dead shot good on your back
and I could walk 500 miles and I got
what five thousand just a be that man
who rode something something wait can we
not go that way oh no we have to go what
way I'm right yeah foxy my name's Bob
Ross and I've been walking the aisles of
a ten minute walk they said half an hour
late to one of the most successful
walked home of our life we made it
safely to help to happiness enter into
your senses to the slug to the slug
attaching itself onto our journey home
this is a memory this
a true memory for life madness that's a
true you know what's an even better map
you see now
yes dang Johnny out that's what I broke
the toilet seat one thing led to another
I'm just getting outdoor look to it I
apologize I'll pay for it I'll pay for
it if I have to
I broke the toilet seat
tomorrow fuck is that
we brought the bud we brought the button
where the fat managers with the band who
the fuck is that god we manage this band
with the managers of the but they're
cool the rockin trolls the Ruffins
chuckles thanks
all right I broke the toilet seat this
is the most fabulous toilet ever Binion
this is that music the reason why I'm
naked by the way is because I have to
take my entire outfit off just think
abou if this is the last time we're
going to see the Americans what people
is instrument sorry is there like a
reason why you're down there you tried
to do a walk
Oh rubbish not even sure where I'm n
during today's vlog but it's happening
right now
Joe thanks for watching you watch my
vlogs don't you Joe catch this Jon Snow
the hell is Matt it's a quacking attack
northern island an almond are an Irish
fans you've been fucking thank you very
much for watching hope you guys enjoyed
the video if you did make sure you leave
a like rate and subscribe if you're new
around there click the notification
bells so you get yet you get new
notification post every time I upload a
video and I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for the next daily vlog because
I'm trying to be on time and that's just
what we do the lodge whose dad works at
the hotel you're also a boss think Emma
settle it was the thing tonight
I can remember he's never taught me I
just because you know we're drunk at six
am so I need to go to bed and upload
this blog so much love and uh yeah
