so this is what my like insist off
waking up to not just one cat but if
you're watching this blog right now I
might be live-streaming video games play
with no backgrounds and if you want to
come up watch link in the description to
my livestream channel see here that I'd
love to say I was waking up next Lydia
as well put subtly with you is really
else rather than act like really really
ill somewhat like with kidneys or
something like that so changeable go
into hospital and I was gonna take upon
mom's taking its hospital and now rather
than it being at my house with the cats
and the guests we've got it she's
resting it mom's house so hopefully
she's okay but she was really really bad
apartment I thought maybe it wasn't a
kidneys someone that maybe she was
having like a pet someone with an
appendix so I'm really hoping she's okay
I suppose where she's just resting and
she's on antibiotics so hopefully
everything goes smoothly that for the
rest of the day pause the vlog I am now
gonna show you a clip of the cat nearly
falling down the stairs oh the cats
are gonna pop they're absolutely ganging
up on me you see that towel out there
that's covered in cat piss
I caught Luna piss it upstairs in my
bathroom look at leaves on the towel so
I can wash that bought I've got I've got
one cat piss it is on my sofa
and when I try and stop him look at my
arms come on hand absolutely destroyed
from scratches and now I've got Luna
pissing in my bathroom chaos you see
there's you look at ray right there and
I've put you in it and Luna doesn't go
in that one that's Lunas even though
it's massive just ignore it so you
decided to prune the corner we'll get
there eventually
oh that is what I'm talking about oh my
 god
that was the hypest of hype wrist of
height games I think I've ever had seven
kills first place with Matt all of three
wins on purge a massive shunt thank you
thank you to Nick central thank you so
much dude holy high what their
help I have new neighbors where the hell
did you guys come from
I have sheeps my god I play that game
all day like everyday absolutely
addicted to poop G and all I ever want
to do is just get better and get better
oh hello hello that this is a reason
we're all just our era is it's just the
waiting for cuddles club
hello hellooo Yeah right there mate
account
I'm good bowl of account welcome I
preached you taking me for breakfast
after 2:00 in the afternoon
yeah thank you but I've already you know
she's she's not here at the moment we've
got to yeah this is this is this one's
Luna yeah it's a brother this one's a
Luna and this one's Gadsby it'll be a
bit spooked by you because he's just
settling for me I'd leave like 24 hours
we could be near that much meat cow the
hell it's not worry we calculate that
much that the staff are playing against
us so can our combined score try and
beat you probably not gonna win I have
to say I'm very geeky throat you launch
it you move I managed to get a strike on
my first go so under me and Carla 74 74
145 hey together together together we've
nearly beat him together we've nearly
beat him
we need stay with yeah but now in each
strike strike you're going down you're
going down
I need a turkey
watch it
so I know you're filming you can do it
always done it wait are we drawing we to
be drawn we proposed a ministry we draw
it
good game good game you beat us 100
hundred forty-four 119 other nights it
get injured yeah yeah we're suing man
we're suing you got to have companies
you can't let me look at that yo do that
that's bad
if you manage you manage to get at least
five pins 57 your left thumb bone out
out of your fiber so you don't
no chaser 50 arrows go left unbold
you've got at least beat Tara did you do
this
I bet you five phones that you can't get
more than five nice ithaca chevre owe
you any money the only reason we didn't
score 100 then is because we left unbold
and this place needs to invested some
a/c this t-shirt stops it went around
surround this is sweaty sweaty forehead
this is to the side who breaks you gotta
do Rock Paper Scissors shoot oh alright
yep do you want to break or not okay no
you're breaking aim and you can't
account to your wife
wait you want to break him oh yeah
that's what go on yeah oh yeah you want
to break him do you you're a break from
him well guess what he wants to live
with me now play pool forever good guy
if you bought the black we lose I love
you guy
I've never played one yet great success
great great great success directing of
video games I'm cool and Boeing five
guys time is this gonna be like a loss
let's go five guys again that's great do
you guys li been down there together
what are you doing hope you look like
you're sleeping she look like she's
terrified almost no she's just sleeping
oh you two are so cute together
they're just kind of chilled out I dunno
then I'm gonna livestream hell yeah oh
man I can't tell whether it was my
breakfast that I had this morning but it
was just milk and cereal all the five
guys bought but you've been stuck on the
toilet for about half an hour don't feel
good I don't feel good
Oh Oh cheers mate Oh get ready for the
scrape where's the scrape okay you don't
need to go that's no bloody hell you
know driving a goddamn tank back-end oh
ho ho just how long wait Alan's our
drive not six they took you on the way
down is goodbye farewell safe all right
love you guys thank you for coming till
next time sayonara and then there was
three between the cats think what I'm
gonna do is put a post behind this sofa
and then put like that same jacket there
so they can still chill but then when
they're chilling rather than being hid
down the sofa you know either they're in
the open so I can keep my eyes on
themselves they're not just doing
nothing so if you're hungry and you want
some food I'd already just hide beyond
this over it's ready okay and you still
really you like the laziest cats I've
ever met look at you you just fat lazy
cats being a father of two it's
difficult also yes I am wearing my easy
alright stream we're ready well rocky we
got 3,100 people up in here let's
 go mother of God the mossy one
Giga Giga go subscribe for 30 months row
oh my lord what DK less on subscribed
for 41 months sir I just said thanks for
subscribing for four months in a row
everyone just like 40
one month's what the hell mimmo dropping
the 37 months subscription yeah gatdam
still alive oh 17 left I've had two
kills and oh my gosh like 20 penguins
with a 42 month subscription
what yeah that is exactly how I feel so
I didn't quite explain like don't worry
it's not die serious but I didn't quite
explain what happened we Liddy yes that
she's not well but Lydia's got like a
kidney infection at the moment so she's
like in agony like beyond belief to the
point where last night where throughout
the entire day she felt like coming on a
bit worse if it wasn't a bit worse to
probably just absolutely centre like
someone she's stabbing with a knife or
no more than - with a knife so a point
where every 20 minutes which I get to
like trying to sleep
she was just in bad pain she took every
day like tablets she could Coco de Mer
which is are the strongest like
medicines you can get in the UK from I
think like over the camera however you
get it she took one of those and he just
didn't do anything to whatsoever so like
first thing in the morning a moment have
taken it to a hospital or a GP or
whatever and got like seven in BIOS
because they think it's just like a
white such kidney infection but it's
happened before and it's frequent so
hopefully she's gonna go to the doctors
on Wednesday they're gonna check his
scan and see fur I want to say kidney
stones if that's the case they have to
bike blast them somehow I don't know how
that works but we have to blast them but
it's just causing Lydia's so much pain
and he just sucks cuz there's
nothing I can do there's nothing that
cats can do there's nothing her mum can
do all the kernels into what she doesn't
need anyone to couldn't look all over or
anything like that she just needs to
fight it out because she's in that much
pain boy I love her to pieces and I
would be by her side every minute of the
day if I could but it would just do
nothing for her so yeah they just
finally explained what's actually wrong
with Lydia cuz I know it was like she's
in real bad state she's in the real bad
state didn't quite say what it was so
that's what's wrong with Lydia and
hopefully I'm gonna go see it now for a
little bit and hopefully she's a little
bit back bright you have you eaten
food oh you did oh well done well done
I'm assuming that you're still back here
then you back to cook Oh animates just
one of you where's the other one cat cat
cat Oh
what are you doing buddy
what do you do in UK you can't get used
to being sat on the motorbikes view rip
up my chair and have to kill you all
right you'll make a new chair so come on
come on come on then come on come on in
come on go no you little bugger get off
there it's like 10 o'clock at night
might as well get a sandwich decided to
bring God to be the office see how this
goes there play fight in C no not listen
you guys are in welcome in the office
but this is not a scratch post okay I
should probably put a scratch post okay
because apparently this is like heaven
to cats so instead I'm gonna put a
PlayStation app then hope that prevents
prevents it deal oh this is not a deal
they're just gonna go for it Andy what
are you guys doing what are you doing is
that your new sitting area what is it
don't don't even try it but this is
gonna be such a bad idea what am i doing
I've made a wall of climbing ATS I made
a climbing wall for cats I'm gonna come
up one day they'd just be there holding
I'm like he'll be listen you guys are
welcome to play in the room and in the
office
but you're not welcome to climb the wall
I'll get in the bag I suppose look at
this all the way upstairs and we're
walking into my office for me to play
with them that's B of course I'll play
with you mom it's okay
oh my god that is the cutest thing I
didn't know you were possibly able to do
come on oh dude dude dude dude dude dude
 yes seven how many kills these get
round seven I got a seven Brian got one
 number one baby I love this game
satay streaming two o'clock tomorrow I'm
like you know what
I've not seen not heard from a cat about
an hour where are they
look at my car I'm like oh there's one
of them no it's a round from streaming
look in the corner and there's both of
them oh my god that is so adorable
look at these two that's terrified hey
kids get comfy right it's time to go to
bed it's 4 o'clock in the morning oh my
god right it's a new dawn it's a new day
I'm heading down to London
like now well tomorrow I'll be heading
down to London serve to end today's vlog
the cats are still being terrorists and
they've performed the worst act they
could have ever done and you'll find out
what that was in tomorrow's vlog so make
sure you click Subscribe 1 turn the
notifications on by pressing that
dingdong Bell and you'll find out what
they did tomorrow because I am one
unhappy cat owner oh regardless they're
adorable they're cute I love them I'll
train them but yeah I'm going on
adventure you know with a youtuber can
you guess who tomorrow down in London so
you've like already subscribed I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish the next
day vlog estados
