about my toilet ass doing what's that
noise that's your traffic leading to go
okay wrinkle on my house oh that's
either see this that cell sees let's see
the species of species a species let's
see the species the open sea got it on
good morning what you doing what are you
looking at put my hat back
it's mine Linna well again always
lighted it cut all that's my name it was
ill hayden usually took it I didn't have
too hot did you MIT I may have give the
highway as well tell ya Alice gets
really mad because you find out I've
given one Atias hat oh you put the Gould
on okay okay yo mark brother Mac
appreciate your coming fitting the
grills for me if it was my dad's and dad
go fuck you yeah yeah look how good this
grill space see this bolt see it suck in
I get up straight out well this house is
gonna fall apart
yeah this is nearly three months ago
went got money checked out for an
appointment that Lee said to be two
weeks so now it was going to be on the
5th of August then read book hit with
Hitler to 30th of August I now got this
ler say it's been rearranged to the 13th
of September money could have followed
up by now
Alex I need another syndicate was your
heart
yeah really I need a heart I gave it
away
I traded it again a trader with Connor
is a nice kid bet you'd like my feedback
right well BT sent me a brand new hope
fingers crossed
this will solve all my problems probably
won't but if it does help out and
appreciate that a lot bt bt said I'm
getting about 20 drops in my internet
line a day so they said it might just be
the power connection to my router
anything are so they sent me a whole
brand new one but she's got all the new
tech in it or whatever it probably
doesn't open and I should just get a new
separate rule I can Asus one but
nonetheless tada
let's hope this fixes it topic of
internet speed I'm finally moving away
from Vodafone who I've been with for
approximately five years I'm now
switching to e because in my aya area
it's so much faster like so much faster
that I'm hoping this will solve all my
problems so secret Krista shit the bed
router
England's pretty god damn nice I'm over
this
oh dude showroom I just sent up to say
hello to words yeah I'm sorry to harass
you as always
Ellie I'll leave you be why do you hear
what it is guys what was it
we're Jack inside you grab yourself a
girlfriend nothing seen on Facebook
that's got a girlfriend
hahaha I don't know why she looks like I
just keep Sarah on to web demand
congressional anybody's engagement
looking nice around you've been out in
the center on the Sun bed you're on the
fucking somebody idea okay hello-o are
you doing yeah are you in the grapes
come and find us alright okay this is
weird
somewhat Allen's on the phone in his
Karen is Bluetooth connected to mine by
accident so you're coming up the
speakers in my car
well good to be back in England services
fucking apart even though are your
girlfriend are you hung up Chisum talk
to myself how you doing congratulations
or in a week James look in Twitter blue
did it everyone was like looking five
thousand retweets on this guy getting
games yeah we should totally go for it
at wha oh oh oh wha what are they called
this ticket thing popped gauges Arvind
oh god some person I like yo there's a
bear in it gonna claim I'm gonna yeah
I'm going to assume that she was going
let's see under the hood definitely got
a case ball you need to watch these
wheels Bob whoo
you bet you feel it I'll fix myself I
bought it last is pretty much standard
really well into the mid hundred fifty
eighties the snow was all lightweight
and also to grow the row this is a rip
this is a rare the think one of my
comments with what cows will be going
crazy right now
some Chinese right on that may on
Japanese a much Japanese oh yeah so that
you think you actually move that off it
just got matter for you into it's gone
okay
anyone know what that is underneath the
steering wheel we truly do not know how
long get this cap they want eight months
that you can stand it up in fact I've
never thought of it so I got this board
on I could ride order for a ball its
kind of constrained actually
ma-ma-ma-ma-ma all right yeah so I won't
be filming our driving much because he's
a very sensible driver me very good
surgery that's very sensible
the good thing is that he's actually
good drive so that makes me very happy
unlike Tom McCallum just throwing him
under bus fare guy can't drive for shit
boo of--they yeah we definitely get
together in cars and go out for a drive
I'll be stuck at the back in my alley PG
like one sec okay all right Oh God all
together I want it for month later I can
we left Rob outside
yeah I could have totally like let you
in my house or summat so you could chill
out or anything
you fucking what me I'm fucking end you
well you doing mate leave much Munster
went alone awesome what day this planned
out to be I like how it turned out to be
something rather than nothing because
now I'm going sitting indoors playing
playing pop G again oh yeah oh no oh my
god you know what having feel around
it's so good to the point where when I
get my little kiss and if I get my
little kitten it's going to be so good
and we're going to get to hang out all
the time and then you're going to have a
friend but this one's going to have come
in cleared up when we do in stretchy
look that's a big stretch okay oh come
here I want to show develop and we
showed you bellick a quick kick from
tickle look she's going to have little
ears like this that fall down oh my god
imagine a co cat before there is yo shop
look at this cat you're not like what
are the signs of it you're not a cat
your dog oh oh oh yeah oh yeah he's got
it it only gonna go to her Doug was away
to fade of the soundproofing no way haha
I love my dad that is truly so sick that
looks so nice I'm thinking of mountain
not too big of a screen on here so I can
permanently the have like a Twitter feed
on it or my security cameras always on
it but when I'm streaming I can see if I
my family knock on the door aware the
shocking let them in that would be
really sick but how cool is it all done
dad thank you so much aha
when you accidentally journal Lobby and
and landing a tree mmm I didn't even
know this was possible on table G come
on up take I'm watching them I'm hope
I'm praying for them to win the lovely
day cat got laid though didn't let's
just wait back it up stack it up down
around I don't know why my song just
running the turned into the cat game leg
but whatever it's a perfect candidate to
have some dummy Robin call I'd like it
well I'm seeing optically three points
away from winning the first game in the
grand finals - any team deserves to win
this it's optic damn gaming let's go
boys look at the smiles on their faces
look at the smiles scream never give up
it's kid into the F he so is his own
right now it men oh I fell in one when
was I say about 300 knots got you I
never look any sure why he didn't yell
today she will she can actogram she will
and we're eight and by the way we are
very much considering hi - I'm going to
wake up in the morning and this cars
gonna be the bottle I'm calling it right
now I don't why did I just put it in gay
then knowing my fucking look you know
what I probably put it in reverse so the
decay breaker gonna fuckin reverse on
the road got a break oh my god dad you
earlier but I definitely got you then
okay let's leave these do look after you
well it took a pretty not going to pay
clue no that's good okay what do you
swear to God I said goodbye to you like
15 times now can you take yeah take your
big black pussy cat and get the hell out
of it love you
movie byte no I can't actually a little
account no I don't know it talked about
okay love you Alice get back yourself
goodbye now come on come on oh come on
chaos I love being back I love seeing
them like the good vibes good people I
liked it a lot
but anyway
golem oh what have you done
are you fucking serious I can't do
everything seriously but I know I'm
right listen I know you came around and
say my vlogs were shit but was your way
of me coming back to being like the side
Miller starting drama rice comes
starting drama sure I do
I'll reverse it through fucking car
ramen over there which of it you walked
out the door and the cart was there oh
oh
take that bumpers hotel I stay still I
I'm gonna roll it children don't even
move and hold my phone there did you
have a fun fucking all the other front
of that are you sure this is the right
thing to do yes I'm going to disconnect
my car from your that they do today is
share and yes I care about I'm not
actually mad in the fire so you can just
I am you only don't fit your specific
attack I'm not paying for nothing to1 I
eat we got there an aside reversing
really your mum
let's listen to this
Oh
oh hey come on city rare Oh what are you
done yeah well done oh I love my baby
I better all the time never crashed and
never gonna edit it in forever and you
broke me fucking bumper oh nice you're
happy okay are you even seriously are
you if I didn't click stop recording you
would have heard a dump and I wouldn't
what the noise was
and in pseudo walked outside and saw
Alison in my car I realized she crashed
a car into mine yeah I Karl you know we
were just talking outside mouse about
people being stupid and crashing cars
yeah let's just crash it into mine
no Alice's Rees mashed off the panel on
the back of her car that she already
just got replaced because she damaged it
and she's ripped the bottom section off
my bumper she reversed straight into it
as I was opening the gates bro I also
can't believe I'm hearing I'm not Bobby
not just a bit Reza just that's just a
bit of red paint on my car but yeah the
bumper
Alice is some sort of specialness I
should have just taken my car down to
the bottom but I didn't think dinner
didn't think it a bit of trouble in the
place I was parked there show people
we're apart I was parked there
so get out all shattered it was reverse
out but your car was that oh it well
there's a damage I can't with right
there I said we got a got briefing the
ball I have CCTV in the water I would
like to say I got that OCC theory it
doesn't fucking matter you still hit an
object that was stationary
yeah Cal you're watching idiot
I already do so get me from a
screwdriver
I couldn't unscrew this super cool it
and put it back on
no problemo I'm not somebody I'm gonna
go watch your video game I'm Joe Kelly's
on the awesome
okay just take it to Giles Giles hey
Audi I hold on teach our camera honey I
need that upgrade dude you're something
special
clang right listen I'm gonna open the
gate now are you gonna be okay to leave
oh yeah even if you nod no is he very
well you mean know very well missing a
leg yep even hit her hard
I just can't believe I can't believe I
just said my car I've never crashed
never then nothing and I was ride
straight into it yeah not like the house
he's not done anything Gobber alert oh
yeah driver alert my sister
Kim staff confirmed I was just wanted to
get the views
click click mate 101 I wish this was
clickbait I wish it was fucking birthday
now get off my time okay bye stop
looking at the damage your cars and just
leave if you anything else in my house
that you need to admit that you're
broken before I go back inside never
leave it up break you something too
that's true like why could you crashed
into a stationary vehicle I will admit
it is dark if I throw my lights off then
oh no I'm just yeah we catch you guys
what can I look like lipstick mark on in
the red got your classic by Gaza I'm
going to kick him Darla get the fuck
over
come on it's okay Oh that'd be so funny
to drive when we found out you had a
flat tire summer go on
that clutch control though go on
she's special that with vilius doll
family grew up in there much more baby
I've had nearly three years and never
crashed her never dinner never nothing
to her and lo and behold Alice has done
this oh look at that you collect it
thank God she didn't mean worse though
she couldn't mess all this up and all
the want to grill I thought she really
did but let's be fair her car is like a
fuckin toy in it couldn't really do much
damage even if it rolled all the way
down the hill into my car it probably
still will not do much damage
it's an inconvenience if anything anyway
I'm going live streaming Pub jeez shut
up go to give a massive shout out to
coffee beans like you for subscribing do
for 39 months in a row oh my god and
we're coming right up on 2.5 million
dollars on switch foods the legend if
you guys remember when I was in Dubai 7
a big basket like chocolates and support
foods as been watching my videos for so
long subscribed for 47 months in a row
oh my fucking god I'd have just murdered
him in this room cuz booth is a homemade
like to also do a massive shout out to
wait is this bar you're gonna kill me
because I can see this white blurry
thing coming towards me nothing I'm fine
yeah it's a must shout to his ex Hydra
best dream at na you're the boy not from
North America but thank you 33 months in
Iran what what and thus concludes my day
ah Alice is a sausage the damage really
isn't that bad until I spoke to my dad
today anyways right it looks like the
under panel isn't just like a thing you
can take our place it might have to be
the offering underneath bottom so
basically the entire bumper from where
to come on so yeh anyone OD um know if
that's gonna cost a lot of money let my
sister know because she's paying for it
but I just said it's a new dawn it's a
new day so I'm going to end it slow okay
thank you very much for watching make
sure you like rate and subscribe
ding dong that Bell you get
notifications every time I post a new
video and I'll see you guys
around 6 o'clock when I was gonna be
there I did say six o'clock but now back
in UK my internet so I'm not very
confident with myself so yeah my
internet is still a potato
so until then much love and a saw so I
thought lobules
