my goodness me waking up to no rain
beautiful weather
cue clouds in the sky and a few people
out having a breakfast their day is the
day today's the day me my boy Tim and
the family Milan are going out on the
boat so hotel room you're perfect I
thought that was a stain on the bed I
was like this perfect for one night
thank you for your comfort thank you for
your hospitality they didn't give it me
or anything I'm just thanking the room
for some reason book again giving you in
like a nine out of ten solid hotel room
take my hat take my sunglasses go psyche
if destiny I stayed one extra day and
they have doughnuts oh my god well yes
all right Cohen are you ready for a
fresh day fresh there a boat Tim are you
feeling other than pectoral Tim I know
we said we were getting a boat all right
we don't need anything like it's not
rocketing from that's a pop-by for the
day me and Tim we paid about six quid
we've got that for eight hours we just
waiting to fuel everyday I've been
walking past this area like we want to
go on a boat put on a boat and damn it's
a nice looking boat I like a boat quad I
like your boat there next English boat
oh very nice headline mmm-hmm that's
ours for eight hours today excited I I
can now relax to the day because whilst
we were driving away from the port I
managed to upload my vlog so relaxed
we're on time Connor or anti is that bad
by boat for the day it's inside here
whoa and it is how a nice open internal
part that around the road again oh so
glad our modes to get out on a boat so
all the other wanted to get out of the
boat don't smile at be nice but I'm
really not into all on sales and stuff I
think they're just going to hit me in
the head 24/7 oh my god that's the money
that's the money right there we got this
tip be okay got it
all right well I got a way to go to vote
I'm very very happy right about came it
didn't seem a love so far at least our
captain's birthday to that salute all
month
very very nice business but I always go
to bow and I did it
data Dexter day
so uh destination una no no no no ma no
number no one well my oh oh it's an
island of seagulls
okay I would put on here what a cool
little spot look how clear this watery
one definitely jumping everything video
in yeah come again no cover no you
didn't even see it you rolled up and go
for it
you got jumping doing that failed it
brilliant pizza I'll attach hey dick not
a pile right not boy I want them I'm
gonna judge your diving skill there
you're gonna get rating out of 10 by the
entire farm
well stop okay
Jimmy's stepping up to the plate he
posed he's ready and oh that was good he
did frog leg at the onion all right like
that don't you eight nine like again yep
okay so don't expect I'm a waterproof
case on right now so riperoni phone
aroni well did we choose a good
precision gun no no couldn't cut put a
gun better maybe like how I'm doing this
with one hand and trying not to drown my
phone yeah totally not struggling or
anything look at it you just bolt
everywhere it's quite shallow but I'm
not risking trying to touches the bottom
from my phone and yeah I know the iPhone
7 is what a brew fish by cutting the
screen for the water I'll just go
straight in it we're about yeah that's
it
I see it there's jelly oh you know this
oh yeah you can see it there little
jellyfish okay so I'm sorry about crying
wolf before about that green thing being
an octopus a jellyfish in there alright
no more crying wolf
how much money that work oh my god are
you serious who owned that was it called
how do you say it Kissin no risk it hit
men kiss man that star ball inside a
boat
holy shit that is absolutely that that's
a nice do you want for that just shit on
it Wow
how much reckon that cost to rent a
hundred grand a day at least one Mormon
yeah yeah yeah
it's like own bar chill-out area on the
top
this is log you took why I'd be happy
with that
I'd be happy with that I'm happy with it
I'm happy with what we're on but oh oh
wow Wow just swim to the restaurant did
you bring in a boat to you jump on the
boat to gain me one little beanie so
they've got rosacea like that yeah yeah
alright so this is actually where I came
last time when I came in like panel
silicone and and we're going again and I
was this entire trip I was saying how
good this place is so fingers crossed so
good so many people on this Beach it
definitely is that leak so ten times bad
I was built back and we are you think at
what the cold don't quite know or is
still alive what you guys just one
screen should we buy him a relief in
aren't you just be safety yeah we know
this troops turned out the fact that
I've been talking about this restaurant
the entire time like really good like if
you get your time to go there go I
didn't I didn't know where it was I
don't know what it's called or anything
like that and then when we spoke to the
guy when we've caught with the actual
boat trips and went to equal and she's
like I found you a place I recommend a
place didn't even describe where
anything and it took us where I wanted
to go so I'm sadly burning oh well I go
home tomorrow anyway so I go home at
midnight after we get off the boat today
I've got to get changed hours eat some
food and then head straight to the
airport my flight is a five passenger
day so y'all gonna think that looks
really really good your dog or good job
alright this is not even uh it's some
anything except reverse one hell of a
service has been to get to a restaurant
like this is included in the reservation
of the where we eat
I'm inside okay okay don't fall right
it's at Warren job backing it up okay
little we found
sounds good okay
beautiful little fun it's not being too
bad very terrible I mean if it hey
Connor I'm enjoying your day worst day
ever
never again never send out a 10 would
unsubscribe yeah me too sorry for
bringing you guys really bad blogging
content you know I'd like to be honest I
do film with an iPhone today at 7 but it
is what it is just from like being in
England miserable weather - choking it
down thunderstorm ring and I be better
than this say swimming with one hand and
a phone case 101 if only I charge my
GoPro this would have worked 10 times
better
I'm sorry wait right at me stop right
love the bread and shit it's a ham are
you throwing me a child shock jocks do
so in flight ease of handling did sugar
get me killed
oh there was a driver collision in the
background where us is it yeah yeah look
I mean that little jellyfish just right
landed on my stomach we can't see
anything like it's a little bit red but
it just sucked me right on my stomach
you little shit we think you played up
don't do that look at him it's so
squishy you're so squishy that your son
with us may appreciate that
first up good got stung by a jellyfish
appreciating that's a life experience I
can sit up the long what to buy now
jellyfish sting wasn't that bad it was
like I honestly was like a bee sting but
check out the sting how weird is that
it's like the strangest thing ever
Tim there is a dog on a surfboard
there's a dog on a surfboard what that
is amazing
that dog looks really suspect about life
right now cuz I've gotta say I'm knows
that's fun of this girl yeah oh it looks
petrified say poor thing I was gonna
open a bar and colic same again it's not
not a cool rainbow bar really follow
welcome to same again you have to go in
the only order one drink is that you're
just getting know haha army guys these
guys are on the schedule things the
sea-doos recalled the see Bob's see Bob
right kid do sees to do that's pretty
sick the one thing that you don't
understand is when you go into what you
like this is sick but then you forget
that you have to also hold your breath
it doesn't have oxygen with it and you
know I do I am going to collect the
anchor I will be right back
touch it it's not that deep cool when we
call jellyfish I'll put on the book
watch put ready watch it I'm released
him Tony it's okay it's okay
no sting me whoa bye-bye I went under
the boat I publish you an appointment
where we're going to get in and out and
now it's out put on a mask against shit
what I saw God jellyfish hey is
bascially name the one that stung me
bastard but your phone are looking sad I
know your bastard that's a dog what
that's kind of hard oh look cool hey
fish yeah your drink is served madam
cool right I feel up this ball more he's
got some fresh fresh oh oh
but if know what is plenty calls out I'm
spinning I'm sorry so much how come I
got a jellyfish okay then swimming this
is Dave David uh the Jon Snow back bird
what wife are you proud of me for
catching a jellyfish I'll probably be
proud of me for getting stung by
jellyfish imagine if I just trip now and
drop this jellyfish on you my good one
Tim you wanted a drink with a kick right
a few my friends if you drink that I'd
give you 10 pounds if I work whoa
he'll ever she that's view the problem
of our friend Shh we're about like it's
like it's like a blood bond you know
John snore but honey oh right my said
watch me get some laughs on a little
busy reading ha ha ha
how'd you let him go so started a game
okay okay what are you gonna release him
are you gonna jump in with inside but
you do like a really cute come between
me brain dead now from the booth I know
just look at all those fish there look
at me look at this this is sick I like
to side and I'm controlling the same
goal my fish eat the food in the human
even as well buy your soda money food
for to shock oh hey did he actually hear
well Oh DJ be rummaging right piranhas I
like how that loaf of bread is just
doing nothing no and go oh
oh I'll prove this is everyone just pack
up go online not think oh that's gonna
hurt if he ditches a nice rear crash
zone this is so cool
you and your mate come out on your bows
just hang out that is awesome
can we switch jobs you play video games
i sailboat okay I said okay give it a
bit oh my jellyfish sting yeah totally
not intending to pause this bow right
now Tim was it worth it oh whatever
to make forever health and happy to see
my friends what a day what an accent
what a 24 hours there's just over 24
just over 24 hours we've known each
other well plus he would live she shot
men most of it I said name in it
catharsis headlights on they're not your
just nice nice nice oh my God look at us
why'd you draw out the bucket objective
at that bowl
they've got jet two Jet's only two three
three gems even
hey by the way so after I made that
killing Paris you switch that to me
being caramels what that doe
thank you very much you now have a sub
cream and then I had to make this is
danger enough to and Christian freebie
flames will loose truck fuck them
no I'll not make any money okay the
great holy fealty hey his father would
know I stopped me down the waves coming
down why the hell are you doing this
let's
me I gotta know me
Wow every dollar that will be gonna wave
it is again look easy my friend yeah
you're a very very good man cannot be a
pleasure
Cheers we're raising up Oh what was that
what with the one with glee
what was the one we love are you which
one the German word are because the
police are get them everyone I mean
everybody I mean around the world I
plead them out of a potato salad in
German I did couple darlin if you're
from a different country says like
that's good if you're from a different
country put in the comments down below
how to take a couple solid where you're
from Hey
part of it there are differences there
the last upon the death of the French so
that the number there
good job is that it so it easy is just
one word
hey come on your day yeah
Connor is like yeah I gained this really
awful hot Thanks sorry about the Sun
green marks of it by the way Tim seems
legendary and memory could never forget
right never get stung by jellyfish
diving around and you're going to the
restaurant I said we should definitely
go to and perfect it has been emotional
I'm going to miss you guys still not for
long I love you mode Oh we'll definitely
see each other again it's very nice how
much oh I feel like this would care
about the perfect music just roll into
the harbor Wow
tempers regard my head I admit is
believing
I just love it like it's one of them
it's one of the moments again where I
could just die happy tomorrow I could
really die out I want I was killed on
board you're the man you are the man
thank you so much after that
thank you must pay honestly thank you so
much babe you guys didn't even get to
see downstairs
we were not down here but like again you
saw me show there's an other and this is
this but you're enjoying here there is
like a double bed underneath here how
sick is that you can see like a little
wing over there we saw the window was
like wait is a bed so there's a double
bed under here how cool is that we're
all sofa and whatever that is not sink
asan I don't know but then you come into
here what you've got your bathroom in
here to cool as well I have to admit
tik-tok can't smell but then come in
here look at how cool is that
you can pop out look outside look out
the side Birds starboard or whatever
there's a television or what it is but
it's some that actually might be
television that evil little clock closes
down or something but so now it seems
like it's protected but how cool is this
and this boat will crush you somewhat
like I think said 350 grand is a bit all
these head book mate this is sick oh and
this is a good song yeah
thank you my friend oh right hand thank
you so much thank you so much you wrote
from absolute pleasure they walked in
walked out right okay white revealing
shorts white top in you guys go and get
it go on in you go see you in five
minutes
65 euros get it more em oh oh oh shit
the bed sorry sir - did you get changed
hey hey hey
but you have made them by outfit fucking
lovely by the way I bought hot
no Joe it was on a mannequin I picked up
by it so mum any regrets of meeting me
we're gonna be bankrupt by the end I'm
buying these come by I thought I paid
for it as their favourite I bought
places like while outfits on out white
outfits all that was like yes have to do
it for white for white where's Tim yeah
I love it I love it yes cuz you look
precious
oh well I don't know why but I got a hat
as well it's just one of those that's
good but we need a group of not looking
a penis rise with me from a
dispositional you know mm-hmm I have
about four hours before I need to be the
airport no four hours before need to be
on a plane so I'm about to enough I was
doing through the head to the airport
and miss that so we're back at Tim's
room showering wearing nothing but why
and then I get all these fishnet a
little bit dude oh why everything just
wants out of your systems unlike it dude
look precious
even what you think I got a flippy
floppy freshy said we do this route
he'll a nice no they weren't messing
around your doesn't style right now cuz
you're like I don't want to for dumb
oh wait you know I don't want to further
up close shut off got a nice like force
a four-poster bed because it kind of
this dances this is the hella fancy then
so randomly I came up to the bow it's
him to get a drink and then I bumped
into all these side
there's so many gingers right Alex ID
for Brett booster look at what all
wearing white we're just wait again I
said happy birthday miss but sorry for
causing chaos I did not mean to do or I
apologize for what model experience that
was Regis I jokingly took my chair over
that day because like they're all
wearing white I was like oh I guess
we're inviting some medium was just
joking around sends out a bunch of kids
to do is I just had to grow a big poem
so good vibe was that weird to see Oh
like a weird moment giving songs you do
think I'm Duncan good news is that
information it Duncan Goodhew I need a
side-by-side image on my twirl it same
you love you but North man decides to
spray over the Sun stain across your
head about something absolutely enjoy it
doesn't glows with boys you kidding you
can try in the right kind of life type
beautiful no I'm not beginning okay bye
now
okay but kind of color I know you watch
the vod's but I love you dad more look
alright the Sun bed and all that stuff
yet after Sun are you good holiday we're
enjoying it go right go Jack don't let
go alright I'll miss all right look at
yourself
Oh fucking hate goodbyes
i betta it's been fun you know I don't
know why my son like that I think I may
have left them in sin because a 12 pair
of oakley sunglasses up last book I'm
now check it in to the airport heading
back to Manchester at at 12:05 a.m.
flight
I'm pretty sure I was like first on this
list but definitely the last person
getting on the plane home sweet home by
home sweet home
yeah definitely can say I never start on
the runway
yeah you know just casually queuing for
a plane you know boy you got a dick you
get it just from England it's what we do
are we doing life is Q so we sit down
and wait Pushkin yes or yeah just
waiting on the runway thank you for it
was it fun was it wasn't expecting
whilst queuing to get on the plane to
bump into you guys know very nice to
meet you old what we do there's no
security here whatsoever so it's just
like fuck it let's take started on the
runway totally not gonna miss our flight
already
it won't say that for much longer
Javan or three we meet again oh sweet
horse holy shit
okay I forgot you here alright there it
is done along that vlog I came up with a
pretty good ton I'm very very happy with
it and I'm very very tired I'm so tired
that plane journey back at 2 a.m. just
absolutely Kilmer comments are just
absolutely kill me but jellyfish thing
is absolutely fine it's just like this
little red mark but I'm good I'm fine
I'm okay but I think throughout today's
vlog so thank you very much for watching
make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe if you haven't done around you
can get notifications especially if
you're ding dong the bell next to it
says subscribe then the developer ji
symbols next to click that you get
notified when I post new videos so I now
have a new network carry for my phone so
what we will attempt today you'll see in
tomorrow's vlog is I'm going to edit my
blog and then I'm gonna sit on that wall
there outside my house and attempt to
upload my blog because I've got now
quicker internet on my phone now I do in
my own house so yeah very strange series
event but nonetheless I'm going so open
magic there we go alright what a great
fucking day what a great day absolutely
amazing family to me so stoked
I've decided to stay an extra day and it
truly was amazing and to report the
question of our memories and once that
in tomorrow's vlog so until then which
love how do
