right laptop whatever you do don't die
on me today
salud all day and it's time to head to
insomnia 62-43 hotel I'm sorry I'd like
to get back in that bed not because I
don't wanna meet people just because I
went to bed at five o'clock and it is
now 10:30 a.m.
well it doesn't seem as busy as
yesterday in the sense of disney on ice
12 isn't taken part but I believe
there's a lot of people waiting at the
booth for me again I'm gonna get there
and spend the next 6 I was meeting you
guys sounds like one day absolutely made
all right
day three busy day Sunday let's do it me
I'm just starting the day what are you
doing right now
50 pound
now give it at me it's donating it to yo
just got round of applause this guy just
donate a hundred pounds of charity it's
quite literally uncanny Emily
thank you and this is basically a
summary of last night I don't think I
have one drink alcohol again five
minutes late
look did you make these warm no snake
can go behind it you can see the Bell
okay to drag your owner track tiger drag
your own dragon owner probably a fairy
dragon keyring I can't I can't do it
obviously he turns up who's gonna be
next
everyone's gotta catch a break somewhere
because these guys don't need like a
walk the money to the charity box you
want to go check out this guy's channel
if you want to go check out his channel
go and check it out donate a lot pretty
good cause
thank you very much man I'm watching him
vlogging we her vlog it was and about to
ruin a Playstation 2
hey this is Zack this is sacrilege
tablet up this person the Queen the
Queen a dog since when did they do the
royal family whoa thank you so much
thank you very much the basically
keeping me alive
it brought a swag package Caprio sons
absolutely Easter egg chocolate
everybody else who doesn't know Carrie
I'm sorry but this is your this is your
family right now my mom Gary aren't you
faced another situation these guys
awesome blokes
Devin Malachi if you watching this right
now a lot of respect you boys much love
stay safe stay awesome
normally the board's on time we're hung
go over is anything right now
rave the owner of the event is so dope
there's a bully rubbing oh yes all the
way all the way from Switzerland and to
prove they're from
that's how we reproduce oh we're gonna
come to Silicon even we don't care about
being a city kid with me Callister I'm a
huge fan
everything went from my buttons to like
serious they already don't any 100
pounds you saw earlier they're gonna
donate another hundred pounds how did
not tell them too
come in keep a lookout thanks man
appreciate up in the arm wrestle
championship we have cal mr. the big
guns versus versus small gun three two
one commence oh babe babe make it look
like he's gonna snap your arm going pals
gone it's a tactic I find unanimous
decision it is a tie
congratulations we're going on stage due
to show and we're a man down kiss me
let's going home stars like what about
cow so cows going on with us
got a mega get your butts down
after that Kyle needs to leave each
other finish guys before that youtuber
life immediately that was so much fun
brian is in the absolute zone now racing
in VR I could not like figure out
changing the gears but this is
amazing like look at him go
that's so cool I had no idea there was a
roller coaster on I'd love to I get
really emotional like moving chairs to
fly so I'm not gonna go on it boy oh my
lord
I mean Brian about amazing time Uber's
here we're gonna go get in it Gregor
stuff
yeah cars are doing it boys the ROI -
you're amazing
day three super busy super tired I don't
know but I'd rather smell cigarettes on
this hotel
this hotel is beautiful it's amazing
it's everything you want it to be
everything about the event no that was
the answer everything everything
jesus is alive hallelujah it's Easter
Sunday my favorite thing about their bad
meeting all you guys so honestly thanks
for being so nice to me
no no no Mary parrot chicken wings yes
please
I said I wasn't drinking our weekend but
we finally got to Sunday in DC I I once
bolted back okay for one drink and over
two pounds of Prosecco so it was it was
becoming out for one drink one drink
turned into three balls and we gained a
ginger we were until 538 last night what
about after you left
dude yeah no I mean probably you're not
drunk yet what do you think of my family
wild yeah wild
Draghi straight an entire bowl of
Prosecco and our boss sees emoticon and
then pulled the wrench down his throat
how would you boys like one of those I
could say tonight's been a amazing night
with Bowie because look at all this
money but it's not so I'm just gonna
give this to Adam let me say thanks man
I appreciate it
Adam six it's actually right now five
like 49 in the morning I'm sorry but
he's nothing like four hours relief I'm
just gonna sleep till 2:00 man I'm
working on thanks I'll pop by his beer
for his Last Man Standing as usual as
usual Manchester and Here I am laying
bet Edit in the vlog for your guys faces
a bit of a char one today just because
like I didn't really get my foldout
watch of the booth cuz my bad she was
dead so I had to put a photo charge I
forgot to film so much stuff book I am
tired
it's done like 11 o'clock in the
afternoon so wait lovely o'clock in
afternoon or 11 o'clock in the morning
just managed to get the vlog all at 8'o
it's time for me to go to the booth they
go and see the last remaining people on
the last day it's been a really really
awesome event I keep saying I can't
stress enough how amazing is me you guys
everyone has said this has been the
smoothest of them we've ever had and
I've met the most people I ever have you
know when everyone seems really happy I
would have met them I definitely know
there's some parents were like I've
cared so long to meet you and this is
just like super quick boy you know
there's one of me so many of you and I'm
really trying to like share my time
between a lot of people and it's really
really difficult to keep everyone out of
it but every one of them today seems to
kind of understand that like you know
I'm just Tom just 24 I want to meet
everyone and all the thank you for
watching my videos and I appreciate that
so thank you if I didn't meet you guys
insomnia thank you very much for coming
thanks for being so friendly and
everything to my family he'd been
amazing I'm gonna saw this toilet for
like 20 minutes and then head to then so
guys thank you very much for watching
make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. with the next daily vlog and
until then much love and it's off the
horse
