yeah it's a mmm 4 o'clock in the
afternoon pretty much and we're only
just dying a day mm-hmm when in Los
Angeles I'm treating Lydia to the finest
cuisine the best subway eat fresh okay
so we made it to the spa Conan O'Brien
when I was trying to show a cup of that
when I got home you see this is where
everybody whisper this is where I am
right now in the vlog where I'm at in it
and this is where they were I had no
idea
again the taxi told me on the way that
flippy floppies I know actually know
where I'm going now do I feel like I've
been be up kids me feels like she's
pulled my shoulders off and pull the
buckle how cool is it yeah it is like
anything that
oh look shit that's ice okay yeah nah
that was hot this is is that Ridge
that's the way this song I've ever been
in in my life it was a salt sauna but it
wasn't so it was rocks
Lydia is doing what we call pumping when
Asians stick together they clump like
rice
she actually nearly fainted it was out
right so the weird thing about that room
is it said it was salt but it's just
like pebbles on the ground but the
pebbles was oh my god
that kid was so fucking cute yeah the
whole reason I'm dating the whole reason
I'm dating Lydia is because I love
Chinese baby that looks like that kid
even though that kids Korean I feel like
I'm in a bowl of Coco
and last but not least the Jade's on is
there anyone in there
I was actually Jayde upset cause um well
this is clear the Jade's I'm Qualls saw
a random Oh nope just for the record
that was on room 28 degrees
this one's 201 I'm going in ooh try
breathing breathing for your nostrils
wrong way how nasty this room this shit
too hard for me
oh really
yep there's some computers you can use
it for free there's boats you can read
there's people just kicking this is nice
because we can kick it and this is like
the communal area however the hot tubs
and stuff we can go in together cuz it's
like separate men and women but
everyone's naked did you see some
titties and some loose
yeah yeah well I saw something Dix put
that away took it between your legs boys
yeah well that was an experience I've
never been to a male spa before everyone
just walk around the knobs out time to
find Lydia and have some food yeah
that's creamy yeah treats him through
and we've got a random acids fried
chicken wings with potatoes that doesn't
seem quite agent just saying but this
stuff definitely does this is very cool
this is yes hell yes the weirdest bowl
of apparently really spicy ramen and the
survey says
it looks good well what did you do oh
really
Lydia you know I'm not the best
boyfriend ever right I try my best to be
close right oh yeah now
we hung out
okay now open it open it
I have the heaviest obvious yep don't
know what you're talking about I didn't
fall asleep on the sofa for like an hour
and a half so I'm browning so yeah I I
did I did fall asleep I was gonna take
Lydia to Bowa which is a really nice
like restaurant that I usually go on
date nights with Minnie and kept his
buckles oh yeah house like so so but
welcome another ice creams at its
destiny to of ice cream but what we're
doing is we're going to the movies or
going scene we one scene she's seen it
bought I said you know what I was
against Mamma Mia but mummy was good
stop me trying to sound like a wimp I'd
say all the musicals are good I said
mommy I said me original thoughts and
opinions
trailer smoked smoked help step stoked
no spoke so much smack about this movie
I was like no good heed my sister Kelly
so good it's so good it's no good I'm
not buying it not lighting not buying it
no binding so I think I needed to like
create an apology for those people who
I've studied with bad too if it is
actually good I went to pick up the food
and the fries weren't ready and he said
yo dude the fries I'm gonna be ready
gonna be like five minutes and it was
like because they're gonna be five
minutes I want to give you a full refund
I was like well you have to do that like
we'll just wait for fries he was like no
no I'm gonna give you a full refund
that's how ok so give me a full refund
and then he was like is it ticket for a
free burger and a free milkshake next
time you come somewhat you have an
amazing experience I was like what
so we've got all this for free is it
yo Shh thank you really really good very
look at it but tastes amazing as a hot
dog good it's pretty tasty better you
know it's almost like they're trying to
promote that the Black Panther movies
coming out you know this is becoming a
Blade Runner 2049 option here but can
elevate is as well oh my god is
everywhere you look right are you ready
to see the biggest thing you've ever
seen in your life look at how much we're
all cut to get to it you ready that's
pretty big but it's not this is not the
biggest one actually
okay okay okay okay okay okay it was a
really good film it was a really good
film the entire three I was smiling the
story was good the music was great yeah
it was good looking at house prices on
Zillow a website and we like looking for
that look like let me show you all these
are like house prices scat in the air
like 35 million 22 million just you know
just having a log and we pulled up this
house like why is it 50 million there's
a god damn railway going through his gut
the guy's got a toy railway going
through his garden this is just knowing
oh my goodness
you can definitely drive a Land Rover
Defender around in that just saying
999,000
it's got a drive steeper than mine Mount
Kilimanjaro but just look I feel like I
need to do a video series of going
through house pitch housing pictures
these photos are taking on a goddamn
potato but more importantly like wait
until yet the house is an absolute what
is that gaming cell gurdy no there no
there in the reflection I've stepped up
my game whilst I'm editing the vlog I've
not only got my one account we're
favoring escape I found out that you can
actually have two at the same time so I
made a brand new other account simply to
chop wood to generate gold for this
account this is the nerd lifestyle right
here ladies and gentlemen
and boy do I love it it's like nearly 3
o'clock in the morning now so I'm
probably have to wrap this vlog up it
was a very very lazy day we're gonna get
up and we're gonna go to like Universal
Studios we're gonna like go spend the
day there and everything like that but
you know what just a just panned out to
just be a lazy day so I thought you know
what we'll go to the spa kick it back
with just absolutely chill and that's
exactly what our day was he was a very
very very nice night just spending some
time with Lydia but like I said it's
like 3 o'clock in the morning now so I
should stop playing runescape make sure
I get this vlog
it ASAP and going Catalunya so that's
the bluntly stop vlogging so loud so
guys if you enjoyed today's vlog of just
random kind of relaxing this to make
sure you leave like great and subscribe
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. and
if for some reason I continue searching
for a house in Los Angeles but I'm not
even buying or anything like that I'm
literally just checking it out to see
what's available in the area from what
price if I do find anything more
interesting like train sets in gardens
or just anything crazy I'll be sure to
throw in the vlog and you would ever
know I might become your local retailer
for houses so or really realtor really
read later
whatever if I find something I'll share
with you I know what I'm doing that
makes you click this button which gives
the video a thumbs up make sure you
subscribe and then click this little
bell here to receive notifications about
every video I upload click I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. where we will
indeed be going to Universal Studios to
see Harry Potter world bring it on nerds
bring it on
oh yeah sorry yes
