what a weird scenario and what I'm
thinking Look magazine soft so logic one
big kid is that because of the rain in
the storm the shower muster fluid or
sink was the fully yeah other things
it's all where and then all of it it's
just people here all right mister people
out in the rain no completely empty
house breakfast looking outside that
this is closed and it sounds my kind of
neighborhood all over what a shame what
a bit a United States a book going on a
bowl or doing an adventure sort like
that but because the weather ship that's
so explain good news a pilot is a big
fire in I've ether in the hills and this
rain may have just put it out when I
mean big fire if you google I beat the
fire today when you're watching this
which is a massive fire ripping through
the island and I think the rain made put
it out so does it make travel way of
fiction things would cancel this is
where for yeah I'll put it so he put
towels down everywhere hmm this is why
my dad will say houses or buildings with
a flat roof of never a good idea you
good bro you four Dubrow good bro you
flood it seems fine somehow only this
fast because that's like in the basement
whoo genius for protection
like look at towel completely dry
completely wet completely dry a lot of
breakfast was breakfast was good as
usual well it's still bad we thought you
know is usually oh wow you got the
father still the salad I think the glass
window smashed from the storm oh my god
that's intense but Musudan look all the
stuff up Sheldon completely disappeared
it must have been all blown up a minute
ago
tropical thunderstorms tropical
understand so I booked in a spa day and
my spars in 15 minutes for an hour and
the Sun come out hi dad yo day 3 day 3
are they for oh I see something I didn't
do
what someone makes a doughnut you go sit
leave me a doughnut the book say oh shit
the bed you know you guys don't mess
around window smashes same day they
replace it
oh ho ho one day build is smashed it may
intrude you can look for me I thought
it'd be the gap on the roof fathers
gonna walk into it you can do it I do
I hope it doesn't matter my vision
camera ok so this time of getting a
massage inside a sex dungeon
don't mind if I do I'll be watchin - no
no thanks time to put my mom phone back
on and I would show you guys me wearing
this but I do not want this to get fight
for nudity so see you guys in 30 minutes
sexy man tongue removed in a pleasure
room there's a song back oh it's kind of
blurry
I was really good for once I actually
had a dude masseuse they had no women
are you sure and I had a deep-tissue
once tastes fucking guy stood on me I
was like well not the bad way like he
got on the chair and fucking stood on me
I was like holy shit that feel good so
whenever you get massaged just go hey
can you stand on me and if you say no
and understandable they say yes do it
more of that good good
just like that we fix the arty holy shit
of some service break your window we
repair it within 12 hours yes yes yes
yes listen listen to whether came for
nothing rain no I don't ask for rain I
ask for some C and that is Shawn oh my
god it's absolutely boiling my nipples
are so burnt right now oh my god I still
really want to go on a boat I don't
think I have time no some days on the
roof was pretty fun until I needed to
upload the vlog and basically end up
there soaked so I had to come to a room
to upload it I mean the mera hope you
doing well cuz they'll of everything in
this room this one lamp right here this
lump by putting my phone on top of here
I got the fastest internet in the entire
room but the problem was is that look at
the distance between like the floor to
here but I couldn't charge the phones I
had to use one my charger part by
putting my charge attacks on here then
charging my phone oh my gosh
I'm a belay but Tom you use more fees
well the answer is yes I do use more
fees and it's out of battery now cuz I'm
smart I have two so this one's fully
charged but that's what when I go out
and night it's more than that but when I
leave the hotel room I'm sorry your
fault grease from the Sun cream but when
I leave the hotel room I pull this card
out but all the lights after like five
minutes turn off so there's no power to
plug sockets or anything
so without this card being in the room I
catch Argentan put dis a resolve down so
for this oh oh 30 seconds more like so
because I characterize this phone case
you see it completely dead in that wall
tuck it over there check this out this
is one of the more fee by trip racks
that you can just take with you night
put your phone into it with like the
cable but look fully charged all right
check this out it's got wireless
charging on it so it can charge my and
while I was charging my wireless phone
charging case because the power in the
room is dead so when I get back it will
be ready to use for the power from this
which is which retention which I this is
10,000 milliamps and this is 2400 so
this can charge this like fuckin like
four times which is perfect so this by
the time I get back should be fully
charged and ready to rock and roll
well you know about being a professional
vlogger so
I think maybe if kind of yeah I know if
I use a natural proper camera my problem
will be solved because I just carry
spare batches with me and everything boy
I am an iPhone daily vlogger and if you
don't like that then you probably hate
it anyway so you're not watching this
video but hey hi anyone mmm vlog
uploaded edged and ready to rock and
roll
so 5:30 keeping these these these
viewers on their toes if you're watching
this vlog right now you should subscribe
but you haven't clicked a little bell
icon next to it you might want to click
it because your body's getting feisty
video for exams oh you know what this is
a nice looking lobby but that looks like
Wi-Fi bad and you know a substandard
hotel your Wi-Fi advice I have about 3-4
hours of Sun left so you don't wanna do
get in this lift hope there's nobody in
it cuz this is awkward and tenma tips up
hmm that wasn't our good are anything
and relax oh come on now cloud perfectly
blue skies in warning clouds
okay maybe one component of it maybe
maybe what one cloud is ruining the fun
so ready for journalists that's about 2
grand for 8 hours that would cost you
some grilled lobster going on nope it's
grilled squid all right girl bonds rods
good chicken wings that's what I like to
hear the woman who served me at the
restaurant she said I like your t-shirt
I really like the colors I like thank
you I had no idea there was actually a
sandy beach here last time I came up
this has got to be man-made no joke
lookit otherwise it's all rocks I'm
pretty sure this is a man-made Beach
even if it is that's pretty good great
decisions are being made right now yeah
this is a really good ice cream
have you enjoyed your holiday what have
you enjoyed your holiday
yeah basically dropping your ice cream
you can escape opposite yeah I just get
you another one no send oh right I mean
that's okay cuz I just give you mine
he'll want your bitty one alright you
rather eat with someone right balance my
decisions are made I now have found a
peak which is problem 101 when you go to
each pretty that left one out hey girl
read it tickle my arm told me Billy
she said that down while Susan warm
water passes and a luck tournament
that's not meant to me and she just
knotted and laughter oh gosh you guys in
these comments because chill the fuck
out
oh ho wheezing all the fuss is about to
get it there's no god damn way to the
Vodafone in Spain oh my god let's see
what they say if it'll take too fucking
long I was gonna try but I can't involve
it it will take way too long and I'll
get absolutely nowhere I'm going home
tomorrow to give the fuck now did a
pretty good job except this guy goes
through told you the weather was bad
last night but yeah that's that's my
kind of Oh
thrown in the back down oh look at our
that is you you're just a really fat
seagull are you her a moment of truth up
you're a fast eagle of you here your
wings oh my face wings of the night
you're a fat seagull oh boy on this
really glamorous leave DeVoe is wanting
to go to the number one best of British
classic English Beach Cafe des pain I'm
sorry for our culture much love England
when in Ibiza I could be at a pool party
I could be in a coral bunch of doing
whatever but instead I'm on a rooftop
take him back from a lasting with a hot
chocolate and it's the end of the date
I'm currently hid under a towel doing
this outro surrounded by people because
this one's too bright I can't see my
phone screen so I'm gonna wrap this up
so make sure you leave a like great like
rating subscribe ding dong that belt hit
you notifications and I'll see you guys
tomorrow around 6 o'clock because when I
get back to England I always do a poor
job of getting my box up sometime I'm
not too sure how long capable of that
book I just am so yeah I can go to some
I can go to Scotland I can go to New
Zealand back and go to Spain and I can
upload my vlogs on time even from a
castle in Wales I can do it but then as
soon as I go back to my home country
it's impossible so I'm sorry about that
thank you very much for watching anyway
I'll see you guys next time howdy
