oh I don't look like a ghost anymore ah
measurable day in England Oh score no
this is usually mine in that cable and
it goes from there to my computer
however I'm improvising win who does all
the electrical stuff in my house and
like all the systems and all that sort
of stuff it is rounded my house staying
here trying to get my internet there
because I've got my wireless in the
house which just sucks potatoes which is
now fixed with like little Internet
boxes there and in the boxes in there so
whatever work and housing I should just
get Wi-Fi which is like yes but what I
don't know how still it's good innit in
my office even with the cable so we've
got a cable going from my office
all the way down look we're fixing it
out wait forget in there register so
around okay we're going from my office
down there all the way to where my
router is so on my route ourselves the
fingers crossed if you do a speed test
now it'll be bad because before we had
this cable and when we did a speed test
my net was 10 down three four up but see
if it changes it went ah even lower and
that's what the direct cable so it's
very long why the sockets on the walls
or anything I'll be taking just up like
you know still mailing address I
appreciate up III just more proof of why
I made faster internet we'll check this
out the college is on the team managed
to raise over two hundred two hundred
and two thousand dollars for charity
that is amazing alright if you're going
to make it go on lads get them gates
open and drive through it if it doesn't
make it through these gates in time then
they will close on a car there is no
safety feature to stop them from getting
crushed we make it really make it go on
like going that go ahead go on let me
reopen sweet sorted nice one wind didn't
fix me Internet I try every time but you
know what that's just the way it is what
do you know about the boat ginger King
coming in here look at it since I've
been 28 from zero oh my god
I why I'm crying oh yeah mmm my gosh
that was a hot potato look at England
right now Nick Crompton you can take
your goddamn City but it's absolutely
pissing it down yesterday I was talking
about the weather being bloody George
okay flood warnings Italia bloody flood
warning malko and djaro rome economy
bitch swept through I don't actually
mean the real mountain I mean my drive
is you'd ever seen how steep it is bit
steep and close this and you know what
because all my dad didn't wash my car
yesterday didn't even need it mother
nature came along with like young I'm
totally broke no problem I actually
managed today to get my vlog on time I
know I'm as shocked as you are I
uploaded my blog at exactly 6 0 0
o'clock so sick no minutes past 6:00 at
first time I think it may be it may be a
month I've uploaded the vlog perfectly
on time you might like why's it so
difficult for you to just do in the
first place I really don't know when I'm
in the UK if I get faster internet I'm
very tempted just to get an editor so
when I wake up in the morning I just
send them all the voyage and then every
day is done I do like the editing
process but I don't do any crazy edit
effects or music or anything right so
all I do is literally add the videos
together and the way I edit is the way I
feel like if I do like a transition my
experience that's like my way of edit
myself into another room didn't even
know is that I'm probably not the most
impressive edit you've ever seen in your
life but you know it's random I could
just do some rice to staff and all of a
sudden I'm outside it's magic I know I'm
a wizard with my editing skills Babel
how are you doing in there my phone oh
I'd like to see what's crack-a-lackin'
here wow he did actually a long time
from that little what is that what is
next
if you are you storing Seikaly you
growing marijuana in who Stephen is this
the green good good it's just a green
good good
it better not be because you're grounded
for a week I'm just messing with them
see it's looking so nice and healthy
also I was trying to point out so you
can seem a little bit clearer maybe I
pulled them around a bit too much what
are you doing spider Steve spider the
spider Steve kills all the crickets
easy Steve can eat lots of leaves yes he
can skip de ma now Steven that's a
little trick for eating your greens do
you want it
no okay but definitely compliment you
mate you are looking magnificent look at
the colors in it it looks really nice
and like sandy color and it's beard
underneath it isn't too grey or anything
you like you have a nice time at the
moment Steve I thought Steve your food
just rolled on to you and if you don't
hurry up it's gonna roll it's gonna
crawl into your creek cave mate show you
but a rough seas for God his foot comes
forth good there we go I say Oh Steve if
you want this if you want it I'm going
to put it in here
there you go is that okay deal oh well
doc did not go subscribe whole keyboard
sit around also buggy buddy also I'm
playing pub G and trying to only use a
pistol yeah against thirty four of the
people and I'm using a pistol this isn't
gonna work well hide roll for the last
light baby oh no like two weeks straight
I've been streaming this game player
unknown yeah I just secured a win no
joke Tariq's I've been playing this
straight even when Brian was it play
this game to try and get win never
succeeded and live on stream i just
managed it oh my god ah ah no way with
words guy gauged no fucking way I would
say I've got myself a fiance oh my god
Lee I gauged ah what a fucking sexy
bastard
oh I love him just looking I'm so happy
for him we get will be force I called it
Wilberforce 36 months a row subscription
fold up with a 35 month subscription
from week three sixty billion
oh my god Laura o'clock in the morning
a quarter to 5:00 in the morning on the
way to the airport but
have I tired approaching my destination
oh wait that's not a good sign the
computer screens question windows could
not open the file ah that's great
well my fights not actually far another
hour and a half from exactly Russian I
would like some sleet up the whole point
of a random getaway Holiday Inn
adventure was a great idea getting up at
four o'clock in the morning
that that is not a good idea
checking again okay I'm not at Terminal
three this our terminal
bitch ass terminal oh my god it was so
baby four o'clock in the morning I hope
everyone's not allowed on my plane
I'm not integrated but not on Turner
noon wow this is one hell of a maze
Jesus look at this oh my delays daughter
is making your back okay oh you owe me
50 you better know you better know I've
got the good stuff that might be one of
the fastest kinds of Evan got proof Evan
I've ever gotten ever got free secure in
my life I didn't get searched and didn't
bring a laptop with me on this holiday
probably going to regret that
next stop tap just an update of how
impressively
I took a little nap after watching Game
of Thrones got in the taxi got to the
airport and of orders a sad book took at
all with 30 minutes this is a well
organized trips over I hope my flights
not delays perfect wait started a a
popcorn caramel coffee cappuccino
cappuccino something I might have found
the macker foot box but this is the guy
who sold me my favorite swimming shorts
ever so massive legal team up and thank
you very much as if you recognize you as
well I walk through my still goes to go
big red but look at this I found the
macro foot box oh my god
and so are the weather valuables didn't
incident it didn't it didn't consider
didn't we didn't owe them exam god the
weather in England cooks right now I can
adventure in the heat you guys that I
know I'm taking a private yeah okay
maybe I'm taking jet to talk about state
one day one day maybe one day maybe come
with me let blah we think of the
backseat like to say I had a window seat
so I could stare at the rain droplet but
I did also deep seeded see the the
breakfast today and have a sellable
sandwich introducing the ultimate
breakfast now much oh yeah look at that
the make the most delicious British
bacon and the ninetieth the perfect
known to man covered an egg
pretty good and you thought the table
was impressive
oh no book holder ever safe to say fell
asleep in Taichung and I am arrived at
my destination I have made it to
paradise and you better know I've made
it to the right destination you'll find
out where I am tomorrow you probably
already guessed it you're all wizards
like that that's when this vlog right
now because it's now I stayed up pretty
much the entire day watch Game of
Thrones travel then got to my
destination so this is me starting a new
day now so I've got to end this and
start tomorrow so thank you very much
for watching make sure leave a like
rating subscribe don't forget life's to
shop make most of it and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 times the next daily
vlog much love ha d us
