start in today's vlog with what is that
god dad
what what is sir some time to be true
kind of what is it
no no I don't know what I've never seen
that book in my entire life of living in
England wait a minute I film inside
breaking news
tom cassell has found a new species of
bug in england i will try and get on
camera because I'm never satisfied I
truly don't know what it is what is it
it what I really don't know all that 8lo
is all a red dot a schmuck it looks like
some of them a movie however it's a nice
a state England it's a Friday
I've done nothing all day I have nothing
planned oh my god I thought I'd lock
myself out the house
my grandad is around just saying hello
to my face and I think I'm gonna take
him behind me I say let's take them out
for dinner
all right then I'll guess I'll take the
hint I try to invite you for afternoon
tea what did you say yeah what are you
doing this week this weekend we're doing
no puns no puns okay okay okay
get off my drive come here can we get
wet where's your tooth John I'm bread
you um put it put it in no or Capaldi
pyrrha all right so my granddad love you
buddy
all right next I'll take you out for
dinner sometime all right sounds like a
branded to a don't forget shred the NAR
most loving granddad ever but
nonetheless
Anitra bunch guys I'm going to insomnia
61 I'm sure you've heard enough now you
laptop we know but it's coming up this
month you like this list I think it's
this bank holiday weekend think August
24 to August 27 if you're not going
you're going to missing out I'm going
you better be going and if you haven't
got your tickets yet you can use this
link down the description user code i61
signature
get yourself 10 percent off I know thank
me later don't worry thank you it's just
that you don't even have to cite me
there you go but if you guys want to get
your tickets it's an awesome gaming
event I'm going to be there alex is
going to be there and who else is going
to be then not just my mum
not just India
India's mum fuck-all Karl is seriously
going to be there and you might be like
what's he doing there now he is working
on the Civic original stand because I
never they're like you know signing
posters and stuff like that because like
the events madness so we need even more
stuff and that's a lot of cows coming so
if you guys have ever wanted to meet cow
he'll be at the event you'll be able to
say hello to a space and it's just going
to be a family affair - Brian oh
Brian's going to be there I said some of
your fairies in like the TV show or
whatever it was but then then it sounds
like I'm saying and if there's a family
affair going on no affairs are happening
and especially not including Brian
that's really about idea but this is a
number seven men energizing gradual tan
moisturizer she's going on it absolutely
by mr. Provo all this way to come to the
box iron mr. OH and as I'm dragging
through this town I'm like I'm sure
recognize this place it's 45 minutes
away it turns out that's where I'm a
best mate Chris works not the restaurant
the area I'm not believing is the reason
I came here for lunch
in the following I get an entire picnic
table a tree so I am not complaining
mini fish and chips hot damn this might
be the thickest chip of animal life on
earth
look at that
so go this is one weird-looking jelly
not jelly with chicken burning minute to
supersize but outta breath really oh
yeah nice now you decide to be a nice
day
why can you be like this twelve o'clock
afternoon chocolate done some bitch
what the hell is this
who the hell's delivering random pieces
of grass to me
thumbs up this video if I should turn
this entire back area into grass like
for real for real
I had to thought about this all of this
as a second grass area so this is like
lawn one down the steps and then the
other one it was pretty good now that
has been a minute since I've wore these
Jordans been oh my lord I have forgot
how company are what my ultra boosts
love them to pieces they like on really
comfortable boss you know why it's just
something about the years that's just
magnificent to scare the hills when you
have an electric bike it's like cheating
yourself out with exercise yeah that's
pretty much what it is the road again
trying to ride on the road again alright
my dad should be here I'm not gonna
crash was it serious
oh yeah what am I going to Australia
yeah got canceled
Oh wasn't nice oh good god you didn't
love her anything I told Chris I would
have loved to it now I'm just drinking
my souls away that is not a real animal
I'm serious it's a brutal swiss black
nose sheep at stake new guys it's not
real a city near you is right hormones
oh I'll take them down as opposed if you
get it facing down Ducky's nose here it
is it's a Hong Hamin that's fake news
look at you little new horsey okay no
all right I think I've just booked my
next adventure Monday I'm off
spontaneous spontaneous adventure Hey
alright so everyone's been asked to be
told what the hell's going on within
Coast ok so what's going on with that is
this the desk is still there everything
is still there however we're missing
certain things at the new top self which
is there I need to get the pipe
installed for it I need to get some more
hydral films or transfers as you call
them and need more films but more
importantly I need more cases now see
these ones that I've sprayed the other
day just to take a spray in them they
all came out very different ways okay my
absolutely fine but it had a crack in
the case so that happened this one you
can still see the old design this one is
a mostly that I just absolutely
butchered in just came out weird because
I just put micronics in the second row
just try it
these came out great these two look
really good but even though that's a bit
wavy that's a really good one this bad
boy is you know thematic one which came
out really good but it just had a bit of
damage marks in it but what I'm more
focused on is that these ones I sprayed
them with a black spray paint after
putting primer on it and the paint just
took to it so so so win the reason for
this is they were just cated that would
not send it down or anything I just had
this pairing oh my god no it
whatever I'll just do whatever with them
and didn't do it the proper way because
what I'm waiting for is Alice to get you
some samples of some phone cases which I
know will work straightaway like they
don't require standing down so it saves
me basically a process I can just go
straight into priming them dip in drying
them dipping them and Coe in them so I'm
just plating don't worry I'm not giving
up on it as for the name situation
encased
we may have to change that we don't
actually we don't have to this is the
thing spoke some lies they said listen
you're okay doing it but it's just
you'll be known as in case and is also a
company called in case and excites you
wanna you wanna have that difficulty of
people confusing the two sometimes even
those two totally different products
companies and names and I'm like well
things are we're so early off it may not
be worth you know having that clash so
we've got to come up with some new names
so I'm not looking for like Cindy case
on like thin case or anything ah I'm
looking for a completely new unique
fresh clean name that when you search
for it nothing will pop up like your pop
up saying like zero the Google searches
for it like not zero results because
with Maya night one mean tooker were
there and I made my night and I came up
with a name for my night when we search
my night online like nothing pops up he
was like yeah so satisfying no one ever
thought of MIT named the show or series
or product anything my knife so I'm
gonna have to come up with a new name
for it and hopefully when Alice gets
when these samples over we'll be ready
to rock and roll so until then it's a
pause three three-round crickets and
quite a few running around Stephen why
are you hiding you gave me
I mean you little rock really what are
you doing in this where you doing like a
laughing fresh for what you're just
gonna Bishop or solicit I usually put on
top of his nose sometimes that looks it
up some of them behalf at Stephen you've
now got some fresh dead bugs ready to
Nam on and let's see if he wants any
water anymore
no no no no sometimes if you put a for
earning whip it just wakes it and then
you realize you're disgusting
he's like look how in a movie if you
like nude I know where war is I saw you
a coolant I know you're thirsty
watch what up course look look see
I told you it seems you stick your head
down a little bit you know you can just
drink it look at it you'd like know one
of these days I will be as good as
summer at this game it's a fact I'll be
as good as summit I'll be as good as
ninja I'll be especially as good as
summit 1g time
in effort violence momentum speed that's
all I need and I'll be one of the
greatest pop G plays you've ever known
who the hell is this guy
Mikkel I subscribed for 39 months in a
row oh my goodness made the be f te best
be lit subscribed 31 cetera Wow and King
of Kings thanks for subscribing waka
Padre I love this so if you guys have
never seen mr. deeds get on that point
to watch it now honestly I think I know
them was better than good alright it's a
new dawn it's a new day so I'm gonna
have to end this vlog here I know it's
been a potatoe day but it's been one of
those days where I stayed inside
streaming all damn day so if you're
watching this and you're like screaming
what is this streaming thing you talk
about I do stream on YouTube and you
guys have heard me talk about streaming
The Sims which I've not done in two
weeks I really need to do but when this
house has got Wi-Fi working that's not
being potato
I'm loving streaming pub G which is
player unknown battleground okay really
good it's like a battle royale last
night equality and it's so much goddamn
phone I love it to pieces I'm addicted
to it and I can't stop playing it so if
you guys never want to miss a stream
make sure you follow me on twitch twitch
TV post our syndicate break up the
promotion and I know everyone used to
watch me streaming that all the time
playing like Minecraft my night and
stuff like that but I'm streaming nearly
every other day or nearly every day or
every spare minute of the day I've got
just playing that so if you want to tune
in and watch there you go go and cook
that fall button and I'll see you guys
on my next trip so I have to go I have
to gone upload this vlog that you're
currently watching right now because
we're in the Nets down house excuse me
because I've got a technician now fixing
it and by fixing it I mean trying to fix
something that's broken and can never be
sick so we'll see how that goes
which love and up deal today shoutout
goes 2 grand more for the syndicate
regional jerseys there you go make sure
you get a syndicate shirt at Sony
original calm ok this is not a real
shower whatever powers didn't give me a
video to be able to shout anyone else or
I can't do my job properly I'm sorry
