but morning wails I'm inside of a castle
right now look at that fortress and shit
said I Stay I shall read oh I got some
breakfast and maybe most lit hotel
castle room ever terrifying good
probably won't stay here again
oh that's nasty tool for don't bayonet
what's that a synapse don't say that
master don't stay in that to recapture
why it's merely can see go see what quad
Connaughton so blue it call it a nine
what do you think about that mr. peacock
hmm hmm waiting by that
hmm I like to think about oh it's a
beautiful morning to look like a tater
yes yes yes welcome rod there's what
Rick looking for sea monsters it's done
by dog I meant it's a mean-looking
dragon don't you think these guys are
proud to be welche something look at huh
oh shit about this is really fun of
mirrors as well not too sure what's
going on it Wow
brown jacket Bella and I will cruise
along peg but Devon working on another
it oh no the little birdies losing a
little buffer selections and stopped
down the double kick mine mmm okay deal
so damn British right about now somebody
resultant just collecting all that shit
mmm
Dean something seems to be talking
around here
hello there this is the guy dude he's
just gardening with BayHawks she's
brilliant
hello mr. peacock do you like to be
stroked like a chicken you know that's a
lot of that's a lot of peacock poop you
know okay wow you're beautiful why are
you just cruise around here
I just so want another one let me cock
what's your name
did Dave Dave the peacock my gosh one
answer we had some bread to feed you it
I've never touched a peacock before
today's gonna be my day but I'll just
pick up the fish yeah so nice hello what
are you is to featherless people and
normal peacock avi no peacocks normal
peacock uh II know pre cock it forces
closed indicate spooky-looking lifts
yes well I'm getting trapped in it
nevermind this place is a pretty good
gym
you better know I've tried all of it I
can I can lift 235 keys to get me on my
leg sighs no my arms my arms I could do
like 7000 today shoutout goes to this
guy check your eye is black and red
Russia just kidding with you just
kidding with you just get oh I'm in
great names congratulations
Oh God say colors oh sorry al Rodrigo
yeah great
look at you rocking your black and red
Russia looking good looking good
it's following me can I help you now
you're running towards me with speed
should I also be running away with speed
are you going to continue to approach me
where are you going what are you doing
explain ourselves small pigeons with
green necks I'm at large pigeons with
green necks what you're doing again
closer for how close is close I think
you think our food all you think I think
I think you think I think I have food
come here what's done I've got something
this little leaf will smooth them but
it's oh my god it worked
it's a leaf but the heat you know what
it is when I go to avoid psycho stroke
ward stop what stop looking at is like
what is it dude I just a leaf you know
it's just too late for you what the move
so bad okay bye
thank your mom's calling you better girl
you're gonna get trouble oh shit they've
escaped you know get back in the bikini
cage
oh fuck fYI the gate was always left
open I did not just let the pigeons I
mean peacocks escaped
oh I want to go to Stonehenge but I
found XI Peng how is it oh no guys don't
leave if you're doing some sort of
ritual it cool do have you got to do
she Benj yeah well this is weird
surprising it noted in the night over
there hope your back you're all racing
try the nursery rhyme went fuck no
racist no why
just apply cheap on his own okay I'm
writing I really don't think they like
the black sheep look when the black
sheep get close they look away from it
stop run away from the watch eat
hahahaha
oh oh she oh I'm gonna buy that cheese
particular type I think I'm just
destined to be like a farmer or
something it's not shit over one every
nice I do believe this is the sign of a
wasp method either it's been ruined this
is a lot of dead wasps are they're still
digging it and I'll just drunk right now
for some reason contact a lot of little
dust I'm not sure oh that's a bigger
shroom oh my god ah okay
okay hi today yeah this guy's got the
right idea what's the point in walking
on the field with a doggie who's doing a
car no I think he's clearing the field
of these sheep for these fresh cows are
just cute I like that that's really nice
is where I just worked quite well
Castle you've been a even nice you
grounds are quite tasteful I will say
though the hotel is probably a 5 out of
10 it was a five-star hotel you're not
getting up no service when I got in last
night nobody stuck there waiting to say
hello or anything there was no one at
the spa this morning the room was very
cool CF 5 out of 10 for your fucking
castle
I like castle so much love mr. castle
I'll see you another day no matter what
you get bonus points for one being
welshing I know yet - points of view in
Welsh and bonus points of having tents
peacocks no penguins idiot army Castle
you've been great with your will schwag
anova team to hit the road oh I'm so
excited immaculate Linda's weather is
just how amazing I'm so happy to be here
if anyone is a cook ability
recommendation to place that can go for
adventure that project tourist place or
like things to do leave a comment down
below you Shane okay so I'm proud of you
because I gave you I six little cricket
and out of the six little cricket you
only drowned one so Steven that's good
but this what I need to cleaning out
because I might don't you agree yes love
but just like to have a massive shout
out to Conrad for a 36 month
subscription and switch for grad damson
yeah Daniel this is the this is the
dedication to the vlog out on the
triumph looking beautiful and let me
show you the adventure up in them I live
just right down below this hill that you
look ahead and beyond this grass verge
and I basically started uploading my
vlog on my phone from there drove all
the way to that church spire that you
can see there all the way around up this
hill and then over that so you can see
over there that tower now that I thought
is a phone mass and it doesn't make
sense for it to be a format but
apparently it's not my neck work so hey
you I was hoping that you know when I go
to the cinemas I have my vlog stand the
cafe right just waiting and waiting and
waiting and waiting
well it's hoping because that's the
telephone must like the one of the
cinemas the the upload speed from a vlog
would be super super quick turns out
it's not however here where I'm stood
right now is very fast he's very fast
indeed leg it's good stuff so err
I'm just stood a like a shadow with my
phone
a word in my vlog but hey guy do what
you got to do what I got to do is
probably spend my eating and the year
I'm faster than that for my house but
can be after that oh oh my god I just
just made the video going live
let me showing the kitten in yesterday's
vlog and everyone is freaking the book
out into a really good response but
making me more and more anxious to
whether or not I'm going to get the kit
and you might be like Tommy you have not
spoken about a kid where the hell is
this come from well first of all you can
blame lyrics he posted photos of a
Scottish Fold and I thought it was the
most adorable thing in the world and I
just happened to be in the area of where
these local kids were so since you
haven't seen yesterday's vlog go check
it out a little see there's never been
anyone he's wealthy
it's called Steven and just got choking
choking no joking it's just like
stroking under his chin you go for it so
funny how about that one as well
oh dear I totally forgive you Mike I can
give him like a little traffic
controller as well
what more joining my say I bet a dragon
with an umbrella face perfect look at it
he's still tropical he doesn't even go
this is why I'm Steve this is ice to
smile it ah okay how does know you
better know I got the good songs if a
chicken delivered having a bit of a
terrorised duo action going on on pub G
I got my trap me in homies over in G gym
doing a bit of modern and God find out
this is my streaming setup I'm basically
streaming Steve that's on dude I'm just
streaming Steve as the character bearded
dragon plays pub G what more could you
want in life fool we forgot to show you
guys this ball
dick is my toothbrush thing and I don't
realize how amazing this is like it's
incredibly do it because it doesn't
connect you phone just straight away
here connects to this and where's your
brushing your teeth what if I push too
hard and somebody's not
yeah well it works too hard where is he
something what is he subspace what they
can put this update it does you doing
editing make your toothbrush session I
was done so my last session I did give
you four spoons how good and got it made
brush my teeth actually interesting
which sounds really weird but just
limited even the tube let's go to write
an angry do put an oh alright
no it gave me a four thousand dollar
five wish as a hefty cut the please
disappear him that's for sure but it yet
I'm looking all smart you'll find out
tomorrow why don't wear it's nothing too
impressed by up to end today's vlog
right here right now so thank you very
much for watching make sure you like
rate and subscribe
ding dong that Bell I don't see you guys
around 6:00 p.m. the next pair of
loggers up is that a fair of thing
seriously I'll see you guys after 6 p.m.
so they say they'll throw so much look
as always I will see you I hopefully am
a nice day tomorrow we will see product
