what a beautiful day in party one you
Goten Morgan that's German oh man I I
try here we go let's go on crush it
crush it you can do it don't trouble it
look you shot sitting on it okay step
two got it just for a point on you for
those you killed danger ah just then do
it
okay you can apply it kind of like play
it off that you can smash like your
makeup speakers today
you should make sure to do that to just
to just come into the bathroom real
quick and I heard that Mac is notice the
point I thought this smash nope she
drops all Mexicans mash it then
everything hotel lobby we are we're
actually staying in Paris a front come
one day but we only got this room for
two nights so we had to pack up all our
stuff and check out how much it is in
London a weekend that's not gonna go to
a welcome to them are just fresher a bit
of jumble and cheese
mm nice forget to standard a mega trying
to build the walkers so this is without
the lemon and this is with the land Oh
got a fish island pleasing Keystone
never still but look at where the voters
would avoid alarm oh my god that's weird
it's like putting a GoPro check this
screen out in Apple Store it might not
seem incredible but on my phone I was
getting 60 download and 75 abroad I just
uploaded my vlogging right all right we
don't have to wait that day stood around
doing nothing
hopefully it'll blow anything well I
don't think hello boy
yep nuts that's yep yeah you do you you
do you where's she gone oh my God look
at me I've got a new camera lens on and
really beginning to not like from first
it was like yes I'm a FEMINIST t-shirt
and others fidget spinners why yeah
oh well look what I do me know when it
changes to the different camera goes
black
that's pointless what so you
think if I'm going to spend 100 euros on
a phone lens case I would have done my
research to find out that the zoom
function doesn't work when you use it no
we're on the box
did it say that was a problem boss check
this out hold on no it looks like
everyone's of an epileptic fit
ha ha ha ha ha ha I'm a bob day god Zeus
traumatic zooming look at that look at
that bad boy
that's what I want but with a spoiler
blue I know soft top you like it right I
like it shut up a moment at Jaguar you
know what I'm gonna do don't you
you know I'm gonna do do you know Wow
one let go I know the one yeah you are
I'm gonna put you in it it's ok it's ok
no I'd like you to take ok got oh I was
going to go online and book the room and
it would have been 172
sir tonight because there's quite a lot
money for a night especially came in the
whole town after them instead they said
if we were on the same room I get it
just enough so I'll go at lessons at
lesson sister now I can get good that's
a pretty good deal right yeah we should
but one night and then said to stay
another night and then they just keep
giving you kids percent off you know I'm
taking herself new hotel rag on a minute
is the same thing
Seki we got kicked out the hotel we rush
to get out that hasn't been cleaned
yep your makeup yeah your makeup
stultified we got no power so let's put
a car ago we came back in the PO box
isn't Isha being organized Tom he said
he said did you like the postcard
paralyzation
I think it was 19 or a while it really
grinds my gears when we when we were in
the restaurant in London they gave us
those postcards and they said that for
free we could post them to anyone we
wanted and we chose you
well that's very kind of you I'm very
pleased if somebody obscure mm that is
really really time oh you're more than
welcome
I didn't put in the night to do my card
for skirt can you all see - I saw your
booth card yeah I'm always going to post
cards and lame use your sense in which
it will show much power
yeah we'll try and find you one for
Paris I will do that right now
what I know when are we going Glenda
all right try it it's on CV your aunt is
amazing almost like leaving the hotel to
the second time let me do me
wait what wait ha
why do you let me do me what Chris I
look a bit like eclipse maybe no I
didn't come attic it okay I don't want
to happen think yourself normal okay now
stop we're going left left yeah you know
you left right keep going forward
biggest at the normal keep going keep
going
biggest at the normal right last of it
okay keep going okay I take a shortcut
key going forward you go forward keep
walking I know yourself left a bit well
I'm gonna watch the bear walk left a bit
wha-wha-wha walk right back
yay it's so good at this look at it
because I'm a tall what do you owe
so basically always how is I can trust
you yay - in Disneyland Paris and the
weather is looking matter stay away boo
stay away clouds you watch yourself
without you're looking quite huh oh the
clothes about you oh god it's followed
me all the way from England that's great
excited to meet new lands have you ever
met anyone before
never in your life he said you know
who's not scared of rain um I told my
wide-angle lens
no I'm a wide-angle lens got that kid
falling over in the background no he's
not scared of rain one with the
babysitter child minder for like 13
years and no Joey bring me so much joy
when the kid that's all over in the
house I know about this yes I'm ready
that's all I can say oh really mummy
pose yeah oh it's so nice to me move on
literally ball that sod just prefer over
the m photo with him and now I'm going
to give away to a kid so myself
try see if there's anyone in the line we
can give it to to the component I don't
think it's just adults Davy Jones's
Locker I don't know what to expect down
here so there's nothing jumped out at me
which way do I go
that's right this is
where am I going home get the hell out
of me sorry oh oh yeah look at this look
at the grown man thanks
she's terrified me is a locker in Davy
Jones's water got her
oh sorry this was not a rubber spread
out more like a mean it was I going to
take you somewhere a thick book kind of
didn't and they just keep changing light
oh wait the dolls on the ceiling monks
so this oh it took us to the rope bridge
I a nice little view was here the
surrounding area okay welcome to Disney
one leg
I'm so excited everybody's gonna be rich
the thing is this amount of people
jumping on this bridge one day it's just
kind of like collapse oh yeah oh yeah oh
sorry
how are you doing it is well he's got a
primary doing it totally not dangerous
he I need some anything momentum
I'll give it a single-handedly
responsible for breaking the bridge and
having so much fun oh my god did he was
so lit I hungered and text on the I've
been on the hunt for the booty yarr I
found her
no I'm getting this on camera she's
thrown away a booklet in the bag that
she thrown out yeah that's right yeah
that's right yeah that's right rummage
in that bin steal trash go on where's
that photo pass that you just thrown
away so willingly get it yeah thank you
throw away I know what a big guy okay I
know I don't love it my oh so I get the
cream of the crop well Jersey studios
look at that but you've never seen that
I think it's fun crazier some up and
turn Savior or summat okay I don't know
I'm trying to face ah not what I was
expecting in fact whoa he's charming
this is awesome you made me rush it all
the way comparison the Caribbean to go
into that building and it's all like
fine because you left your rubbish in
the bin if we didn't have to go back for
that anyway mark Bukowski oh look at
that screen in your own no Marmion thank
you I don't get embarrassed by a little
kid now so on one scream scream it
thank you got it now you broke it
hahahahaha right you're just walking to
a longboat whilst you is walking fast
hello Oh Jim your lip lip oh my god I
got the right position getting when he's
going in the back door right now
today marks
two years of daily vlogging the 19th of
August I've been exactly two years of
daily vlogging from every day of my life
on my first year one of our videos later
flew from Russia from Russia to England
and the video didn't go off until after
midnight so it's technically didn't
upload every single get submitted arabic
if i did every day i filmed every day
but then this past 12 minutes of this
second year i'm not miss a big video
collage treatment but i'm not missed a
single day in battle tears day login one
year for three what the hell is it about
how to celebrate I'm here this is most
of this vessel I completely forgot these
people thought I was throwing up sorry
about that yeah I thought you thought I
was throwing up no perfect I truly
cannot begin to think how this machine
actually works life right
what all right that's just what he found
Oh steam though others are looking for
to kiss an original drawing it on fire
but it was a certain one
first ever animation with synchronize
music yeah no I know my stuff hopefully
that's true she's also here pogrom of
bamboo shoot' make your money that once
you seen ru rezoning this is done here
that the Pope the other day and he's
going to teach us how to draw a okay
he's gonna help us even teach us how to
draw a character I'm gonna stick show
about it this is what it looks like
let's get really good a little drink yes
yeah code is done we have to ask you you
have to break it out of ten and then
pick the best one I have to pick the
good here you got a pic of us one they
each have their own individual strengths
whatever weaknesses
no no weaknesses billionaire no I tell
you what they only mistake I can see is
on this one I'm not sure whose is the
triangle is in the wrong place but other
than that say which one back you have to
get one I'm making it went too quick
reviews in quick years you do that I
think they both received nine out of ten
yeah okay I fake it risen
thank you very much I appreciate man
well I thought your likes a make way
because we're professional artists yeah
all that was so we actually went in that
theater and watched it thinking it was a
lesson still liked each other drawer and
stuff like that all we have to do is
come down the other side skip the inside
there and learn algebra but yeah I'm
glad we went in there but then we got
started I thought man was going to come
out with nothing to tail like a Krupa I
didn't think it was really good because
what I do that mines uploads life like
fine sketches everywhere because I do it
deadlight my Godot is probably do it
dead life and then commit to the line
you like the best
and then you just rub away the white
wine
my robot I get it
I've been oh I don't work it no no no no
yep I'm wearing it Oakley hoody I stood
I don't I stood in this broom hide from
you when you're in the toilet
everything's are working trying to go I
was gonna hide like this when you came
out the toilet
my friend he will kept going over every
question and I'm just like can go
I'm a next dot for rock and roll or
rollercoaster god I've got to come in
with some Scottish partly ten times more
fun sounding I hope I don't fall out
we'll be fine right yeah sure that was
big I'm included sitting like them yes
not even winching not to sort of bird
that fly away with your children thanks
for teaching me how to draw
hey how's it draw I appreciate you
thank you the restoring little friends I
hope ours oh my god man yellow - you
know Bob you know you're so helpful
giving directions
oh you're welcome
imagine where you could get them lyrics
from I learned to take to solid in one
more language how do you say I got four
syllabic octopi falada can Eldon that's
in catarrhal salad in dirt everywhere I
trouble I were everywhere I travel in
the vlogs I learn one more way to say it
I love it
Hey look there's an open the door no
joke
what did you say it's a fine note thanks
doctor I know it fitted up for the hotel
remember I always thought we gonna be
able one night that's my phone number
for remember if I say to my don't tell
them what hotel say wha
no I'm booing recent oh my girlfriend
will be along and it would be awesome
she wants me out for a quick train
awesome okay yes public knowledge not
needed for sure okay redirect just oh
thank you every taking a pimple thank
you that's all people with it no it's
not is it no no duh I looking shot it's
not okay Linda more team - yeah
sherizaan together oh this is my phone
case without the top section on it and
this like wide-angle lens
perfectly
fits on the end of the economic on the
end of the case so can have both my
phone charging case and my wide-angle
lens at the same time ultimate vlogging
the set of years blogger Luke said to
you you take your food ultimate volume
salary 6o not vlogging set ring but this
just look at that's what it normally
looks like now we look like afterwards
how good is that already just pull you
across the road aggressively with
exceeding die shut up I'm blinking too
if I blink twice in ten seconds she
beats me that's life is awful maybe look
up as you look okay
racism not not good
but how could my oh wait did you get the
meat what a mess cool this is really
good
oh I don't like melon odd whatever the
French Parma ham
what which is no French I know is
suffering so I can employ different
thing cultured I feel yeah you're
literally falling apart over that just
like Frankie Benny's French edition we
say that's a great translation I might
be if I lied and I said it was your
birthday what you look like
oh yeah we're now doing rotate this
shoot so whoever paid the bill charity
no slob no well swell visa well ready
rock Vegas to the shoot you're back here
John's never busted that's how it is -
because I think I fell asleep
she comes with you shouldn't you should
have done out so I was gonna buddy wanna
wake you up
thank you appreciate that also sight now
again thank you very much if you've been
watching - even one video two videos
five videos over the last two years our
videos I really really appreciate that
like absolutely insane how far we've
come and one day I will finally make the
move to get in a proper camera like a
proper camera and then just like send my
boys off to an editor so every day on
time and it's professional as possible I
do like the vlogging in the natural
style of it what I would really like to
step things up so we'll see but now
we're sticking with the ultimate phone
case so the other things go what's up
and then I got wrap up today as well
guys I hope you'd enjoyed it make sure
you like rate and subscribe
ding dong up out and we'll see you guys
tomorrow 6 p.m. ish for the next day
long until then much love and
you know sorry so nice it so right now
I'm just chillin like a villain got my
coffee got the hot chocolate got my
forget and that way
how do
