what is he doing
hey I just looked in order to see this
little face staring at me are you doing
what name to shout out loud yeah yeah
nope nope but but we go wow this is an
interesting tale isn't it I only went
down to the petrol station to go put
some diesel in the Beast just so I could
go and meet up with Cal for dinner and
bowling and what a weight to pay no
bloody credit cards involve it somewhat
oh my god so I said listen man I've only
got 50 quid and it was 55 said there's
50 quid there's my driver's license I'll
go home now get the money and I'll be
back all right okay this is for you
that's the jumper that real liked the
quality of and I would just add the
embarrassing thing of nobody money in a
petrol station I didn't put my credit
cards more over denied me why so first
crashed car crash on your day ago and
first time never pitched I said that's
fifty quid for cuz that feels quick cash
on me was 56 so it's not too bad I was
like there's fifty quid I said there's
my driver's license I'll pop home now
get it and come back or a very peculiar
circumstance like I just said I've never
ever so doctor petrol station in my life
and been like I really turned up to
petrol station before in my life and
gone sorry mate ain't got enough money
that's the first time and I actually
don't know what usually do I think you
give him your details and stuff like
that but I reckon I think the guy
recognized me from going in all the time
so I just like Desmond driver's license
I'll be back in two minutes so I'm gonna
pop back down now pay my outstanding
like literally four pound bill and then
drive off to go meet Cal who's now been
waiting outside bowling for me for about
a half an hour cow I'm sorry
I'll buck I was more impressed that you
did this in front of a glass window at
Nando's and everyone was stared at yet
you love you ready
the Nando's of cheekiness was real but
let's get to the main question of hund
are you gonna win it blow it
this is a first game of all in this year
so of mine the entire time I've just
said hello to an entire school class it
took like 30 photos with him
meanwhile in the background Cowell named
me how named me seven centimeter penis
in the background I'm sorry about my
name being on the screen but yet why are
you from Yorkshire yokai Yorkshire why
would you come always question but a
very nice video
oh great food good
first strike of the game first track of
the air quick money oh honey meeting
every single game replays for money
wouldn't Amy pay me when I just get I
completely forgot that when I was like
oh he's called I'm called seven
centimeter penis he's got eight seven
centimeters wow you're such a big guy
Wow get your head in the game but I've
got a question to ask you hey what does
this button do oh maybe size doesn't
always matter okay because smaller the
cheap one two three and you've got 105
is there anything you'd like to say you
mate you've not let me down you broke
112 hey I won a game and I'm gonna got
the first strike so hey this is your
gate Cal I got eight Cal got a strike oh
oh wait you gotta film yourself I've got
one opportunity to get strike now I
don't know strike you in the mouth
however a special fresh turkey feeling
feeling
yes I've got one opportunity now watch
Kalighat strike you're doing this twice
double lock wait if you do this now I'll
give you ten spot
mm first strike okay
wait how much it first right five not
tenner if you can get this right now go
ball quick so you gotta get it all you
can be able me
didn't even be my last game
damn hundred and twenty-one always doing
it he's only gonna do he's doing it Hey
one more strike turkey tag oh oh this is
150 game right here I'm telling you I'm
telling you one vt1 Biddy let's go
historian oh he's on it hey hey hey I'm
telling right now your score is gonna be
pretty pretty juicy Wow wowzers wowzers
come on show me show me a hundred and
forty-one high five
damn the a.m. was so cute a couple next
to us they come like every week and you
ever go to the pictures I'll go bowling
and when they go ball in the score like
150 he's a wizard at our puns right now
I'm his blog oh yeah I tell you what
don't look weird without a wheel on the
back there's mine as his I track me like
that white why even traveler at mate
he's got some nice wheels
Oh unless I got the same bumper as me
and he's got a side panel as well god
damn it I will get the Bay fixed
eventually I'm taking it down to a body
shop like I said this week yeah beast
with a tire on the bucket imagine if I
came back out five minutes later tires
gonna it's on the back of this hang on a
minute so this is what he did submit
smashed up this you look at the scuff
mark that's where he's truck straight
past the wheel so that kind of saved yes
I don't know how would that kind of like
hit an area yeah but like that that that
took the hit so the ally didn't get here
this needs this that needs replacing
yeah we latch needs replacing but that's
like a little bit of plastic so that can
come off this is metal for that needs
polishing and scuffing and then this
needs removing
this this me this was sticking out like
to here I was like a blue unicorn
like a rhinoceros it was a very heavy
vehicle the hills if I was in my audio
probably would have died but all I'm
gonna say is yes so we're kind of square
from the game right
draw I got first I got well we did
double or nothing with you want a class
that right yeah I then got a stripe
which we do more quick down yeah telling
I woulda games with techno or five
however because driver fiber wait wait
wait I know I'm five there you go you
guys brought these back in vlogs for the
record hey yeah hey I'm not trying to
jinx anything but Carl might be moving
house and if he moves out go almost like
my neighbor well not really
yeah but he's gonna look closer to me so
I'll get to see much live it every day
okay
shit waiting for me to come home so who
turned up to riding Tom Matt oh shit
that's dangerous I'm at times charge my
GoPro I can actually pour my GoPro
charging station to use if it's even oh
yeah oh come to the world's dirtiest
track I don't even know if I can get
through it you were slipping like crazy
oh this is horrible go on she's like a
tractor oh oh let's get it let's get it
yeah go ahead keep going keep going
I saw you slip them like crazy wait it's
like a mini truck sir there we go oh no
this is not looking good
this is not looking good no defeated but
we're after a good ride so far hello me
I reckon this thing's good run squadron
jump over the fence
Wow
its proper France in May it does look
like it's doing a run-up to get on a
fence though just gonna work it'd be
good time with Tom this right here right
it looks like a little tight bunker area
this isn't all Bleich World War two raid
shelter under it look at how crazy that
hello hello so for all these years no
one knew what it was and some guys
running they came over to it let's put
it off and he went down and under all
this car park there's like hidden rooms
that are all rusted yes sir it's a cold
war a shelter padlocks on it is perfect
for years I don't know who took it off
for was that we should draw come back up
one day we said yeah look it's air vent
to go down there you know go down with
our camera GoPros on like some of this
stuff maybe a proper cool little
adventure you might know I'm having
someone stood up top though making sure
no one fucks with us cuz somebody put
that down and bolt it on my GoPro
battery's dead Tom wants to show off
these weekly skills go on Tom let's tell
long if you do it for time you even if
you fail first time it still counts Wow
Wow Wow oh hey what what's that
Timmy speed I want to catch up oh go on
kid but you know I can't do a wheelie
I've never been able to do a wheelie
it's just a wife skill and never got
tall I don't know how you want may have
helped nice pretty don't me that is
genuinely so goddamn cool wait let me
get front of you oh look at him go
you're gone gone fast me like that he's
still going right now he's pretty
impressive goodnight good Oh pl yeah
let's you still fuck you go oh good on
you Tom that was most intense round of
every bit of my life I counted for our
ride poor I'm so exhausted look at look
at the state of us and that crash you
did owe me and that jump you did Ken
Graham Alex Tony
you missed out one hell of a ride boys
antenna
all right I'm done with riding it's time
to go and stream but I also have to tell
you how much I love this song I've told
you I didn't repeat I'll repeat on
repeat chameleon by working out now
pannu but now nearly 7:45 I'm gonna be
streaming for like 2 a.m. so yes get
this stream running go but I need to say
a massive thank you took gonna kill 2017
for three month subscription on PC yay
for the three months god damn I'm gonna
try an attempt for you guys to hear what
I hear because I'm listening to the
Thunderbirds intro like intro listen to
it listen so loud it is ready for three
and the winner is dinner dinner dinner
the Vics back serious the serious I
think FX thank you very much subscribe
bro you want yourself a free goddamn
shirt boy in the chat for like not even
subscribers just for everyone just for
the sake of it and earlier on in the
stream someone donated $100 and I was
like holy goddamn shit I pretty shit
thank you so much and that was like
maybe an hour ago and I just tried to be
what I really appreciate you donate $100
Ilya dude next minute he's guy hush that
dad just jump to donate another $100 and
they said yeah goes on every loss mate
come on if you're watching this vlog
right now I'll watch the stream if I
drank a shot of Jager Bomb every time I
lost me I'd be an alcoholic okay maybe I
don't weekend will do that bro maybe on
the weekend but right now it's a bloody
Tuesday but listening to won't release
into you right now is my Spotify out
we're listening to champagne supernova
what a tune and checking these people
out Daisy dog and Bailey see Davis leaks
the OPM nine days do and monkey up site
Simon key dude I was gonna climb monkey
or is it Sai monkey dude that's his name
and Chris Mike thank you all for
subscribing guys supporting the stream
legends oh and one more person I'm sick
like subscribing well and the survey
says
rush Apollo shadows congratulations see
if a ship will yourself for sure it just
had to be done I had to go and throw in
that salt and pepper chicken that we got
from the farmhouse any of them
it's like 1242 every time I tried is
just shot in the word check-in because
I'm doing another giveaway
you better know it's just pretty good
down good okay pretty goddamn good
doesn't taste let's all pepper chicken
it just tastes good which is great
that's per usual I'm so edit in the
stream my phone rings and look he walks
in I going to write any words of wisdom
falutin anything you want to inspire
them with while she here no surprise
from you but nonetheless guys have to
end today's vlog it thank you very much
for watching I can't believe that I took
the GoPro riding and the one section of
downhill we didn't actually want a
four-hour ride by the way we went on
like an hour ride that was just a chasm
but on the ride we went on there was
like a really cool downhill section like
we were proper we flew down it was like
really I was looking forward to seeing
the footage but when with a GoPro when
it's on the back so if you click record
it turns on the GoPro but then warns you
that this low battery does an actually
record even though it makes a sound to
make it's like it goes beep to let you
know it's recording any accidents that
recordings unfortunately you guys don't
get to see that clip I'm pretty good
about so and next time it will be fully
charged not just 19% charge and you'll
be able to see a lot more of the ride so
where yeah brother Mac thanks the GoPro
back may appreciate but I gotta go now
guys so thanks for watching make sure
you leave like rain subscribe doing done
that notification about I'll see you
guys tomorrow 6 p.m. for next i vlog
much love
