where is the bastard where is he you Jon
Snow bastard
this house is in lockdown mode
everybody's ill not acceptable
holy shit you scared me that much that I
stopped recording the video altitude Oh
fucking bastard
human eats chili temperature you will
know honestly no I'm a little bit are
you are you well none alright and then
upstairs is child and off yeah that
that's the but that's not for the wall
up there can't door there
Sebastian well there's a white Walker
notice Carly Ascanius wreath here in all
details
oh no look at all he tells so I thought
Saturday absolutely al petrified scared
and had the voice even doing how you
doing
he's fine I think you're getting some
food so that's what okay let's do that
immediately after I get character hold
enjoyed you stand and next time by the
time you come back I work on making a
guest PC so you we can kick ass and pop
GTL oh yes and faster and better is that
that's your main thing get internet I
can bring the rest of shit but if you
can get a nice set up for when I come
over then I live a half hour away so
I'll just get it's actually get rid of
the air taxi dude yes yeah same thing
yeah they can they get the gap bagel
sandwich mmm we've already infected you
you've given us all your toilet or
swine's area
you swine TD you swine transmitted
disease without oh let's talk about that
I she's going oh
her elevation oh okay hey I'm sort of
final a thousandth time are you bothered
about Brian and visual ways of show no
it's so fucking ridiculous but a much
more guys on a brawler
exactly so everyone stop getting
butthurt about oh no it's it's that
can't be happy safe relationship if
alice is slapping Brian's ass how we
roll just how we roll
so to anyone who wants to call us drama
our trouble
you'll just be blocked nobody else
comment on the channel again and
positive cool vibe people will be here
and happy as Larry so I said yes will
you bring your debt and coins
what debt bolus oh is that the money
rolled in my alma mater 25 quid ah spit
on that taxi back so yeah
I'll get the rest - don't worry that's
all legal managers always pay their debt
wait wait nope there's no old one pound
of coins no you're fine
alright and no euros okay survived some
beat you get your stuff we're going get
your stuff we're going get your stuff
we're going take bat your wife oh not
sure I was ready get out from a
syndicate resume that come soon it is
difficult when I have to do like a
little bit of a run in the vlog because
I know it truly is only a small
percentage of people just tips and I
don't want people to like wow now see
Tom in a different light he's actually a
dick no I'm just saying that setting the
record straight
yeah yeah like yourself it's all fun and
games and you know friendship and all
that when people take things a little
too seriously and kind of spoil
department it kind of ruins the fun for
everyone because we just we just have a
laugh with what we do and that's why
I've logged my life and put it on in
that field to enjoy I think it's just
annoying that people can try and twist
everything we do in the vlogs like
extreme weather every like Mulla Mulla
just everyone's like oh Tom must be
banging him it's like I get the whole
laddie jokey thing of like oh it's
probably sleeping with every book
slightly Dieruff yeah whatever
respectful cheap every webpage fucking
it's like you really think she wants to
go through that video and read comments
of you know people say oh but he's
fucking her no like I just blocked those
people you'll never be able to comment
again on my channel so
I appreciate you watching this if you're
a down-to-earth like sensible person
well you have to be sensible you know
just common sense right
yeah you should cover temple I yeah this
is actually trying to rain right now as
we're taking her home
Oh Brian you need to end your vlog right
now so I'll turn the camera off a
bargain he's leaving me and going to
Iowa and he's not taking me so I cry
because I know I want to stay in him by
and company hey and I must go oh right
now cuz your missus playing it again no
I actually is taking otherwise you'll
miss the plane oh you gonna float
I have flew against console with a
voting attendance of all those glad that
you do think I know so I'm gonna I'm
gonna miss I'm gonna hear you I will
miss you have fun
good eye hug it was at the house there's
a very gonna make it up gonna fucking
busy Wow shit holy shit mate you're here
not steroids my fuck happened oh my god
sorry distraction oh my god wait wait Oh
cops cops cops cops got my show and cops
nobody good
I can't do that you ain't got to do that
to me but we're going to do Oracle by
here
so before I forget I want to say to your
comment section you guys are awesome as
a ring the colors like the contrast of
all I said you're a nice people nice
people yeah just yeah everybody's
understood the people in the context ya
know there's been a small percentile of
dicks that ruined the puffs of the
majority you guys have been really look
like say nice things so you guys are I'm
going to miss you guys but I will be
back I will be back
he just needs me to fire
yeah I wouldn't be pulling my head right
sorry I'm fine
so yeah I'll be back definitely and
don't--all win for insomnia you know be
square cannot wait go baby
hi Brian it is a driver what do you like
you know of Krista feed hundreds against
alphago everything here look at ya
he's but like his Butler or something it
seems I see nothing at all have you got
everything
no from in the phone wallet passport
yeah so phone after there as well as
spectacles
borrow spectacles wallet one laptop yeah
last up I'm good if I forget anything
off my back
okay alright I know how to see me I'll
wait around just in case you're not
gonna hear me I'm fine embarrassed I
know Trotter oh come on going to say I
think about you in sitting down okay
yeah I don't go before I get show it up
a little
everything about this group miss you
guys
goodbye farewell Alvida send Brian I
think you've got everything pretty tough
dude she'll take catch you it texted
when you get there I love you
it doesn't like is from mr. d turtle tip
oh I know where he goes I'm gonna miss
him how good a wisdom a lot of casual
Shaolin April don't move bye Brian
yep 300 suspicious absolutely moving but
anyway got a rock and roll time to get
back home and today's probably just
going to be a day of mr. Rauh night
because we're all just so L so all right
let's get on the road then but so they
don't get a phone call Brian say needs a
mrs. white somehow well after seven
years of being with Vodafone I finally
switched to E in my local area
I get superfast 4G with them so I will
indeed be making making the change and
gold upon it's crazy I got one with my
got my job and my dogs purposely just so
I could get my vote upon contract Oh
probably makes sense closed down up
guess I'm still a voted on for a lot
longer
Tony and guys staring pretty casual not
finished that's what I use but they
don't have any texture palette this is
that - the one I use and it's absolutely
great but you seems like a straight line
my dad uses these ones and these ones
have never caused my dad's having
enjoyed hair sure we want what is this
one Oh Howard you suck you're undoing 99
quit that one I got that for somebody
put up on the long time okay with that
before your own country's gonna quit for
shaver
I think this is the one to go for them
I'm all for futuristic tech but really
connects your toothbrush to your phone
it's just what built-in Bluetooth this
just seems unnecessary after win right
there because I bought the toothbrush
and the shaver it added up to be a lot
of boots point so that jump it's kind of
like nah don't really don't want to
either
I just could be asked messing you know
sagging over there and all that so just
that's the woman to the left over would
you like to put your boots card on my
purchase she's like yeah sure thinking
she's gonna get like 10 points she ended
up getting 35 quid off me
not bad I was about looking that's my
good deed for the day you better know I
got to see my boy hello there oh my lord
I love even like no I dark green yeah
like Oh a little smack like this and
again I will people I bet someone smiles
my over really good time but then it can
go to 12 to 14 feet difficult are just
shooting up inside I was like it'll grow
up pretty quick dance oh I really like
this one actually
oh I got the full size now I get like
orange upon me I fit though okay
anything's are they so key with my gosh
you've gotta leave a thumbs up if I
should get a snake have to feed it once
a week evil evil looking thing in it it
just six it it's my house as that play
it coming recently we were over there if
you don't like snake look away now the
time that we catch the Taiwanese
beauties name
oh my gosh that is brutal my god
processing wasn't making this mate it's
a tie
rat snake man's name is well looking
well firm patented gorgeous animated
penis yeah right let's try panicked
aging out then we came really and
growing into how old is it well we've
had it about seven eight months
Oh every month yeah and I got these a
hognose boa anaconda sorry it doesn't
look real
looks like fake look what what time is
it um make a clock look at that
you're right there yoky upside down this
is truly looks nice looks like your
snake back okay how'd you how'd you walk
in there just a rock walk tail yeah well
oh yeah where's my Hank about blue oh is
it coverless come on keep her going keep
her going
come on come on Masha's got made no
she's got yeah it fits nice race yeah
look at my hand
whoa what a beautiful bear how did you
break your Breitling
snake crushed it holds it right
she is probably about three years old
I think you can quote really having fun
construction over there yeah look at
look at that that's like a promotional
picture for brightly Munich just with a
watch in it okay come on
okay no she's not - not as of right now
not crushing me or anything no she's
holding on my gosh that is terrifying
this is your guys mask yeah she's not
vanilla on the other side so they don't
actually gonna get and some salt into
that so after that Wow
I think Michael Griffin yeah we'll go
great we'll go green or beautiful Steven
this is you freezing time not your
feeding time what are you doing where
you going why are you doing that for you
doing where you going okay okay yes
right you soon as though you're here you
get too close feed to my scale Austin's
looking at Oh what's going on shame
himself you know otherwise is bear to be
massive he's fine oh it's just stroking
and look to gauge what is look at the
excuse just like stay still Steve's not
bothered in this light is so what chill
I'm scared just kissing the body wizard
other car it's ok Kia door the picture
even even details going to do nothing
today seems tell it going not so much
yeah don't don't you dare reject your
tail it can do that garden
it's just looking it in it and your eyes
your picture I make thank you my
psychological my life
maybe we can just be friends what is the
cat doing book it what look it's
actively tap-in it Steve getting more
like what are you doing me getting tough
in it look at this
what are you doing cat the captain sat
there for 20 minutes and now Justice I
didn't want to take interest in see you
again he's more it it keeps literally
feet and stuff what are you doing oh the
cat nose is messed up now because
because he's looking in you wanna not we
still impress upon speech that I growed
Oh Steve goes fully black and sticks his
chin up I see the crest hey guys
anchored Oh what you doing dude nosing
him talked about the boob c'mon the nose
oh what's going on the ground alice is
China fit I just had this huge
conversate huge conversation about not
being busted in the comments and then
you're being a bastard right now Yount
or pretty much like like entering the
country
she then mixed in with people and police
in the country so it's a security breach
so it's fucked up everything L about
Mike
we've all had to get off and their way
to go through security all over again
Oh God to take up all our bike
everything start from scratch lady go in
peace we got all the forces outside
obvious the cat's in the Baltimore line
then I'll kick it circle all right shake
it off poor blah
I meant poorly by their not probable I
didn't need to just insult your wealth
reduce medium and increase the world
well that was a one-trick pony
yeah I got my god Tom Danny we want to
give you a bad flu and get away sob some
give me a kiss click commit anyway do
you take it it's ok it's ok it's joy
because you don't want to get mom flu
smart decision not hot yet come on stay
for a minute tom there's really
favorable it Tom yeah just so much ago
you weren't going to buy it just put
masks on yeah
hey Nick to bone gotta say now yeah
that's right run away we just realized
you gave us the illness in the first
place
little bastard makes so much sense
Tom Burke Allen with Oh last week you
probably then got Calhoun Cowell who
then got özil autumn comes hog illness
are they I definitely feel worse right
now that did yesterday are today it's
progressively got much much worse and
looking at Carl he ended up throwing up
at one stage so I'm just assuming that
that's going to be the natural
progression of me I'm taking as many
tablets as I can but it doesn't it to be
achieving anything in the house well my
house is just a mess but it is a new dog
it is a new day and it's like four
o'clock in the afternoon
and I've been laying in bed the entire
time I really burned my body fit was
weak my nose is runny I would take your
tablet's all the time I'm just trying to
rest and sweat it out my body I'm
thinking am I just going getting my
sauna for an hour and just try and sway
how my body so I've got to wrap upstairs
vlog hey guys I'm sorry about tomorrow's
vlog in advance is going to be really
bad just because I've done nothing but
lay in bed and rest so I don't know what
I can't remember how many times I've
actually been ill in my daily vlogs like
I usually just like win
I'll get over it I just man up I'm
really really ill at the moment so thank
you very much for watching make sure
leave a like rating click that subscribe
or ding dong the bell now we'll see you
guys tomorrow for the next Taylor blog
I'm refusing to say a time from now on
just because around 6:00 I see you guys
tomorrow for the next day of vlog after
6:00 p.m. I think that's what I need to
that same well which lips your faces I
will catch you guys later
and as always adios probably isn't
favoritism and I definitely cannot
pronounce your name on someone but yeah
there's the winner of today shoutout
checking it out love you too
