use for wheat in today's vlog I must say
this is a sponsored video by LG so thank
you very much since sponsoring it and
let's show you what we're showing that
make sense so we're going to start off
by unplugging this string and imposing
this cable on the screen amidst cables
and webcam you can be having two screens
is nice but you know what's nicer than
having two screens what only one big
screen is the big screen and try to walk
it it's almost like you saw the TV
boxing in my city booyah here it is look
at it look at it you don't have to be
this video I'm putting you in it it gets
open it hung on it but it doesn't pull
it oh my god this is a brand new LG
jugged 34 inch hundred point for her do
you think really monitor oh my god life
is good for arms already to open this
bad boy look at it you are seized on the
back of my foot what the hell are you
point your feet Allison Kat did you know
that this Manik comes with black
stabilizer people no instance you know
what that is
I don't it it gives gamers full
visibility even in deep dark theme and
brightest areas so you can okay much
much good run of a run out of edge on
the script hey Alice I know you're on
the toilet but the rest of the sentence
I was supposed to say is that it allows
you to see the enemies that are hiding
in the darkest of dark places how cool
it's almost like you hiding in this
bathroom in the darkest of dark places
this is like how to do is Vaughn to
video 101 it's a badass screen but get
your sister involved and a cat you know
what I'd be able to see that cat
easier if I was using this monitor right
now what okay it's almost like I set
this up alright when you gain and then
you're like oh my crosshairs turning on
it or whatever it's actually a second
which I'll show you in a bit
where you can click a button on the side
you can a enable a crosshair terminal in
building screen so see if you have
wrongness print in the game you always
know when you're running and you stop
you know exactly where your crosshair is
gonna be so say if you're running in a
field in pub janila although this person
there once you've got your crosshair on
your screen perfectly all the time you
know where it's going to be stopped when
gun what's up you can pop the madman
face aggression
sistex intense bid mustache drugs you've
loaded that the wrong around you get in
the spotlight let's get in this rabbi
lets women operate it with this bigger
red knife I'm using what intense putting
millions and will it open it everyone
else you could probably even play the
sims on this I know and you know what
because it's so also right you'd be able
to see even more than ever before what's
that
I give me a charger change oh my gosh I
thought of everything
no it's that this is a twenty one by
nine curved ultra wide gaming monitor
where you can see parts which were
invisible before did you know that's not
a boomerang Oracle controllers and being
fast and I'd actually like to see you
try and build this is a beam Brussels
from bracelet and you also know how to
say as a variety of features for Rapid
Action and response it helps you
immediately respond to any target again
that's not gonna a sort of boomerang
it's the fittest and nice try though you
thinking best flower at one I don't
reckon don't oh well you got to no way
that's a very altra widescreen okay they
got pick it up pick it up don't drop it
go
hey are you going to say tighten your
ultra wide LG festival yeah yeah no but
I'm reminding you the dream quest
campaign theme this year is gaming try
more information about it I'll put a
link in the description if so if you
quickly Alice know if you click it you
can win you know you know if you apply
during the 14th and 23rd of August you
cannot eat it oh my gosh you can have a
chance to win up to 10,000 u.s. dollars
worth of gaming equipment how sick is
that RI that's pretty nice
oh my gosh okay do you think you be able
to build it by the way I even brought
professional live audience to try and be
somewhat good for us but then I just
realized that have you as a sister
yeah you bring down the quality of this
video oh go on build it in fact I sublet
this monitor has dynamic action set yes
you know what that means but I'm going
to tell you it means by minimizing input
like this technology synchronizes your
senses with
real-time scene did you know that did
you know that
no no boomer and Oracle is Pakistan oh
yeah I have to kidnap wake set it up
I'll be still war on for me oh oh make
the monitor Alice yes they did it not me
a screwdriver he thought of everything
oh did you go mean I hate you doing your
your genius even your genius or that
genius beyond doing it mmm
this is going to fall at five it well
should I should wash your rate oh wait
edit your Instagram is that shower to
mr. Graham Oh what what's your charge
here we go look I can give you scream no
however stay tuned because I will be
indeed given away one of these monitors
see if she can do it anyone can do it
okay here we see it Alice yeah oh is it
that easy
ah who does what oh you don't know no I
not have to do anything justice plug-in
what the heck is this complete address
stuck on it you know you want to lease
the new office imagine doing the
syndicate original on this you know know
know exactly gaming to do at the office
but it's ultra wide think about it you
could have Netflix yeah work I mean not
Spotify you can put four things on this
crew take the stickers off you always
feel that peel it off make it fresh
freshest ever please give us a spine
feels bad the top money get it was it
start
where's it stop where is it where's that
one every 20 video just today going
going that's part of video
ah satisfying like taking the screen off
an iPhone good job unbox it you know
we've got to do now would you have to
plug it in and type pub G on it see how
good it's gonna be I'm not actually
played pop G on an altar v monitor so I
um don't drop it
ah trims all right don't oh man don't go
at all right pull up through these two
strings what do you have to buy got
oh hello to me a little red oh oh you
see the last one so I'll directly a
little bit red well in that time so
satisfying us because like for keeping a
cable for charging like unplugging your
phone in a socket if you're into your
computer it's so good
all right I'll go do it cook is this is
that this up Tiffany this is the funny
but you have any languages so I'll go do
it put this in and then we'll see happy
or plain table G on ultrawide monitor
looks like beer back fed there be life
the final cable and you get upside down
didn't just do that we're in
we're in hope I hope to connect oh okay
we see in 1920 by 1080 let's go full
screen apply oh this is gonna be
satisfying this is going to be
satisfying Oh
flipping it look at that I feel like I
could see every go far wait I'll show at
finally I'm back completed I has a wing
that far back with my iPhone just to try
and give you a scale of how awesome this
is to look at you just feel immersed
into it see everything look of this but
this is probably the perfect game to
play with a screen like this just could
you need that extra bit of vision to be
able to see someone hiding down the
tricks if I didn't have this monitor
gonna be able to see beyond that truth I
probably see
/ - like here or maybe there or
something I'm so caught now anyone
either you what you'd normally say knew
it what you can see with an ultra-wide
monitor bloody how this is intense I'm
gonna have to put my phone down so I
really want to play a full game with the
mana catch you guys in a second look I
probably get shocks I'm stood in the
open like a sausage just taking an
island or three counters is gone fine
come on just as a guy
Nikki car Japanese car right
Oh glad success I win I'd love to just
see someone running up there right now
that'll be so satisfying look at it such
a freakin sniper oh my god I swear it I
just want to see a pixel number across
the person where are you
show yourself series 33 is right on edge
oh oh I knew he was around here
somewhere I nearly threw out do some
what I don't know if you know them in
the car I think he does I'm not sure I'm
gonna try and get him Galla - wait for
him to walk out a building and down he
went or he run from that building tried
to get all the way to the boat and died
in the process lip butter or a pepperoni
or any good sauce pop this guy has gotta
decide
killed him nice I gotta heal so if you
like food
let me go check the guy in health cause
right now I'm struggling
ok another guy 12y a lot go they have
the room
whoa whoa whoa Kelly ten alive I've
killed five okay I am real old help and
this circles about to move in
I've got a drink this red ball and crawl
forward I've got a whole Disney way from
me go hook this girl in front of me
giving self giving circle I'm in a
circle I don't there's Acharya it's a
guy just getting out on foot is a part
to run up finally and me sky might end
me where is it Oh didn't see him but he
saw me tenth place on my third game dude
only killed five kills on the first game
on the monitor I love it I know to
everyone else probably terrible but for
me that's a really good I've probably
had one win won second place to fifth
and our tents I spot that hoodie I spy
oh I could tell you some of my I'm
roughest it's our yeah oh well you're in
a good spot
Gigi Gigi all right I eat coffee you
give not you're not one you came last
place is this a game of you stop talking
like a better table metropic are you
gonna win it look at I'm main fun cheap
listen if I my father's holding them in
this the building either it's not my
fault you just want to come out come out
publicly this open relationship you guys
clearly have your stick with a statistic
tastes like Jesus tastes like
strawberries are so how do you know
yes you showered good one intense forget
it did you feeling of course my eyes
they're watching the vlog having fun you
watching the vlog so how do you like
that let go this is such a good night
oh man I can feel it if we caught it so
hard last night you excited brain well
might be it might be right no I wanted
to burn in a fire
whoa this isn't what you mean you don't
my babe is my date
Wow it might be kidding Russell was a
crapper that's why you crying whoa
no respect also educators know what is
real
Wow go on see you get him get him get
him
ung get nice
rounding again Jesus key condo it's
feeling temperature my young another
really really know is wrapped up in a
coverage for the road are you okay me
okay I'm going to miss you when you
leave tomorrow but you know is going to
miss you even more
its massive look downright Oh
gonna miss you don't worry I love this
coat this cat love you know like love
you I think so don't stop the lion Oh Oh
God
there goes the berry what was only
supposed to be you coming round for tea
rhymes if now you stayed over for the
night
brilliant is this because you want to
see more of Brian I know I'm gonna kiss
him at home
how come you use the moon I'm really ill
as well anyway it's midnight and I you
stayin up in over two hours and we know
what well I'm gonna wash it so on
it so until that I'm playing player
unknown bye-bye oh so no guys I'm sorry
but avoid being really late but as you
could see I had all that unboxing that
need to do so massive shout out to LG
for sponsoring the video I the mono for
a few days now so it's kind of been a
night having it there but no opening it
so like I said all the details will be
in the description if you guys want to
go and check out the ultra light
festival that be absolutely wicked you
can do it right new pretty epic if you
win $10,000 with a gaming's help hmm
let's take it so until tomorrow thank
you very much for watching make sure
leave a like rating subscribe and I'll
see you guys at that's sometime tomorrow
for the next daily vlog as you can tell
I'm old I've got four socal so I was
right and it's none that I thought okay
I messed up again today alright so today
shot goes up scowl when the flu I hope
you do who is it oh I was gonna say it's
Carla brand new work on s sure the brand
new assault I thought a sorceress
Oh child pick or is it go to shelter
tell us so AJ - AJ cool
that's my cynical sway on top of
Diamondhead peak oh I like it man
