I heard of anything I would spit at 4:30
a.m. and it's now 10:00 a.m. my eyes
beautiful day in England so I'm ready
I'm changed rocking rolling boats like
going headed London
this time I'm not forgetting Ron's watch
started this day thanks to the right
down appreciate it
hold back is it good dad drove me all
the way to the train station next stop
what the special the waiting for my
train I spin in a latte and at 11:23 oh
the new Houston projects running later
feel awkward
well goodbye infinite time will not try
and edit in my walk so I hope I get it
opposed to dance and should be done but
okay well fine now meeting up with a
wife
I hope she's waiting with flowers and
someone are probably
where's my flowers no flowers Jojo yeah
I get up not the Batphone okay made it
to my hotel dieu cave is adult grade
which is pretty damn salty but uh yeah
gone back to that run out and about
trying to country I don't think the
hotel key worked oh this is the nice-ass
room
wait so they had a sick of you see view
of what to almighty killed this chick
I'm sorry I guess I'm not sneaking over
Easter night but yeah I'd say a
beautiful view but you can't really see
much
it's very it's very London that's Morgan
saying it right now this hotel is an
absolute godsend first of all the guy
gives an upgrade really happy with that
second of all they have 50 upload and
even better
complimentary complimentary minibar I've
already raised parts of it there was two
balls warren chocolate on a star airport
when have you had ever heard of a
complimentary minibar in a hotel
blogs up and it's only a plus two
let me impress by this batter in by the
way you know why nice it's modern but oh
my god there's that TV in the bathtub oh
my lord
this place is sick what really happy
about that because these doors all right
when you open it the light comes on yeah
that is literally the simple things that
impressed me in my movie so - who the
hell is this guy knocking out the
relationship I don't know why this is
not even like the final versions of west
walls and Slavonic book I'm just eating
see okay we can finish it
oh my god she's a dog Oh possibly need
to get era teddy
we should get every London teddy I get
yeah apparently look Oh
hahahahahahaha
that is a cubic and baby
besides those whiskers do you miss cause
of our smell no they're not for smell
which is fun be like Oh be so like in
this minute three doors
oh really a captain's job how's that
that's eyes are so good at getting
through things where if the whiskers
want I'll buy that even if it's not true
I'll take it i wing it from the disaster
we don't I'm like that
look at this hotel card key they said
can't wait at this to my collection this
place used to be a really grand new
employee
okay this marble the entire width and
down like nine stories look turn to for
the right time to the photo with
yourself
good Tommy much okay this is well
weirdly and this is a nice hotel however
that's the Corinthian or Carinthia and
that is probably I think the best rated
hotel in all of London
oh damn look at him there's a nice ass
Ferrari it's a red one down there and
then one in black you know whatever call
date a week and then a a 170 Mercedes
who drives Mercedes Italy crushed
nothing John yes this is good dissing
biggle kitty yeesh Wow came down to
London on a very nice day well what's it
who's this guy hello good good a soldier
okay yeah we have pretty much in the
center of em centre of London right now
but I've got a set I've got to take you
to the sign I'll explain that I'm not
actually sightseeing but if I see some
stuff I throw in the vlog so if you're
not from England or you've never been to
London I will show you the places for
example that place down there is where
10 Downing Street where our prime
minister she currently lived I was
actually quite expecting some protesters
out here as well but no but why 10
Downing Street is just down there and on
the right look Downing Street and whose
common is god damn God's is going to
London right now ha ha you can see it
just from here just then kinda makes no
sense but when I was younger my dad
brought me and my sister down to London
and took a memorable photo of not open
book of impalas or Big Ben or anything
like that took a photo with us outside
this sign here it really doesn't make
sense but he did and now every time I'm
here I think photo outside it with
whoever I'm with now I send that photo
to my dad just to be like I'm done in
London thinking of you going to be
fixing Big Ben for restoration reason
for check now oh my god the put another
huge concrete wall around okay thank you
appreciate it that is big
the forgers will no longer be China it
turned it off
I'd climb breezy and intelligences this
is where this is the bridge where there
was a terrorist attack where they drove
into the group of people I mean just
chaos cock balls I try to crush into
Westminister so obviously since then
that installed all these market areas
stock cars beyond to Malvika free this
never used to be here yeah yeah you look
great you look so great
okay right now today look at that a
really cute e-file have me in Big Ben in
the Chewbacca of it oh god yeah and then
I met London I know big red yeah thanks
sit up oh you better know we found one
we found one bye then ice cream van Zee
TV and near it how much you gonna charge
me $4.99 it used to be one pound one
pound and now he's charging hold and
shit every pound 50 good help
all right no replicate and a beeper do
not drop it in the sunny no sound yeah
if you drop if you drop your ice cream
in London do not pick it up and lick it
right you will die of like I don't know
the plague is Amara hmm all these people
and Iook you in but then there's a queue
that goes from that wall all the way to
the end that was like a three-hour wait
it's a three-hour wait to go in a 30
minute circle each thought someone
denied
like doing it oh dude it together bond
but there's a good view but you might
who's got the shot it's a five minutes
you out there we don't hug though yeah
definitely do it if you've never done it
in your life where you've done it once
you don't need to do it again we can
totally get our photos of marriage and
with an axiom band behind us why not
that's a perfect idea
you ready to be our critics by proper
art critics what do you see when you
look at this what do you see here it's
called International Brigade I really
don't like this I won't see anything all
the Zelda oh this is where they're
getting married then that second stop
Green Park wait for me do I know really
pretty grim fact you know what they are
does aunt whose I don't know yeah I
think it's like we've been put in the
most common places where people used to
throw themselves into the track so they
put down there because when the train
comes you can't throw themselves in
front of it so now it's like now it
holds up and then the doors open
afterwards you know whoa is the Embassy
of Japan
so it's long
I'm sorry yes new I got a shoeshine guy
in here don't this place is hella fun
too I'm gonna have to wear a shirt
thanks for a long Steve all future child
you can always get in my vagina I like
it in the contract yoga I just look like
a bum whoo this is where we're going so
did Tim and the family recommend a good
place look at that part of you we're
literally the most people in here
because we have to go to the theater in
two hours we have to be dead before it
closes
put that in a mega mint of your London
Tim if you somehow see this thank you to
the recommendation the food even
actually expended I like that's good but
for a bottle of Budweiser nine good how
cool is that they give you postcards
she's gotta send and they send them for
free
so because I've got Connors address who
we met my visa in Philly out and we'll
send ones testimonies ones
Timmy's wife Anne and Connor any sister
this I present to you the most amazing
drawing in the world of me and Lydia
it's not like wow you have an amazing
restaurant look at wow wow this is truly
oh I love that with it all these people
here right now this is a beautiful
restaurant yeah that's fucking impalas I
actually never seen the back of it only
20 people walking around as for your
pre-shot to plate it soup now oh okay I
don't like fruit
jeez I don't like free cheese oh my god
yeah what does that do well it's got a
nice aftertaste but the initial kick
it's just an obsession I know by the way
in all the videos where you've ever had
a girl laughing in the background with
Lydia do you like that keep quiet a
sister started the idea Cohan jealous
girlfriend Judith yeah and melon oh you
got the caviar now we look at that fancy
oh this good publishes a tip that works
also yeah and I'm doing for good
well mine looks better my dish seriously
it's complete in it like the light
please
and yeah scoop my food like that I'm not
I'm not professional English person who
supposed to supposed to serve it like
this this dish might actually be a solid
10 out of 10 true story
that's nice I did try it but that's me
like a salmon that's the seven this is a
ten how you can tell that was an
absolutely incredible dish I've managed
thing of getting a piece of bread and
cleaning my plate okay you win this is
the one dish that you win that looks
perfect
you go like but now enemies bananas with
glazed sugar on it
ice cream and everything and then I got
cheese universe my last crackers looking
out for a cracker why is that have you
ever seen a graph for me I speed that to
my pet rabbit oh oh it's a little
holders track like a hobo
one banana but it's so good so do it
that's so weird but it's so good this is
actually really nice thankfully cream
hmm I thought I wonder artistically
pleasure I'm with you know if every a
banana that's like a bit too warm in a
car yeah I didn't think the answer was
going to be yeah but it kind of had that
but with a really nice taste do we
destroy these cheeses this was supposed
to be the weakest they're not than this
then that then back then this but so far
but second cheese was a strong it I'm
about to try the last one this one was
kind of like mushy I'm gonna try the
last one because salad eyes
that is genuine mole good it yeah like
zingy sour well if that one was gonna
try this one
thanks strong I'm so for my home made
marshmallows probably what probably on
my Mac going faster on strawberry what
thank you
yeah we're taking in to smuggle a snack
if you like there sir thank you sir
no I'll just put it I said I just put it
down my pants similar a banana something
always say that out loud in this rescue
one sum of all the charmers let's go go
raging kill her again you look at me oh
wait yeah you're not having any of these
I'd smother me
nice Braden actually well impress
without think we could sell that fight
oh yeah no no they got fish to cut up
this bathroom is hella nice look at that
I like to give you little two hand
towels to wash your hands in and just
throw in there I'm sayin see we've got
here just in time like you're about to
run out get out of the taxi about the
treasure now we're not meant we really
not made it would it made it gotta get
gonna go take a seat obviously I'm not
gonna be able to film any of this are
maybe a little bit of bush yeah yeah I
don't remember chuckling traffic in this
is exactly the book of moment all right
so this is comedy it I really don't know
what to expect
oh my god I'm sore 20 G 20 G 20 he
bought it for gone Wow
here's some pretty good see this is you
know these are some solid seats right
here right well way to go
I was no exacta dog not what I was
expecting
no good to assume this is just at work
but on a subsection
you gonna get involved I even noticed I
was texting on my phone just fogger
square oh I don't know if I wanna get on
an I take a photo of a line
so iron you know what that's called now
Nelson's column I don't know that
actually that could be a complete lie
but if even Nelson's monument Nelson's
column and if it's not Nelson and haha
I just girls look like I smell more than
one no you're my water go
not exactly where we were supposed to be
right now but we're new da new day was
troubled off from the hotel check out
and now I'm in a new place there's not
come to the 91 that were rotavirus so if
you want to find out whether or not make
to Paris on time make sure you click
that subscribe button
tell you notifications on by ding dong
NFL and I see you guys at say six
o'clock she goes six o'clock ish
tomorrow for the next day look so like
rain ding dong and I'll see you guys
then hey I'm by the way I just want to
say a massive thank you for everyone
being polite and mature and respectful
towards my lies
