Batman can mate oh yeah high-five
good to see you buddy where you been
good spot I've got a clock well no I've
just not spiked up I'm rocking it flat
no we've got to go back outside but I've
got to show you someone what are you
doing stay there stay still stay still
stay still stay still
there's a catapult you know there's a
cantaloupe your nose oh no sheesh your
hair
why did you I said with a cowgirl you
know you still let me spray it on look
down here not what have I done it on
guess who did it Oh guess the girlfriend
nope Alice Alice Alice reverse from here
and hit my car over there oh yeah
Georgie damage disguised okay yes
honestly I was walking through the house
and I heard a boom and I by oh my god
what is that
I thought Alice had crashed off the edge
of the Drive no behind us I thought
she'd fallen off the drive and I like
now it would have been louder than that
so about what could it have been
oh sure since my oh it's only right if
you do it it has to go which we could
open vertically it is more the inside
come very lucky say Oh Alice reckoned it
could be mad nor the inside from the
brink I've got the brown bin oh I'm sure
it would have tasted amazing if I would
have put it in my microwave them for the
buyer all right
Oh me this looks like it's gonna be
edible you know there you go Oh mate
it's absolutely uh Larry claims on
Monday I want to be nosey being
therefore with temperature well that
there was a 23rd of June and then you
won't rest up through June July August
if you smell it so no I will regard up
premium no I would never going to try as
you do it look like shame but yeah no I
know a nice pool you know to sponge cake
in memory anyway and one of Alice's
other peeps
she knows apparently that's bitch gone
it's always two months old
no I don't know God look at that going
to flipping over tomorrow
that is a perfect bicycle is my god holy
small girlies nope uneasy you know phone
you gonna granddad bless you I don't
have a girlfriend
I have a wife or a wife of your mouths
oh my my wife Marie doctor she's in
London shit no I'm not right okay listen
no wedding ring I don't know why I did
the spot thing no wedding ring
alright not married I just refer his
cheating on wrong I just refer to girls
I'm seeing as my wife so she's my wife
so to everyone who was like when I just
in the moment said I being the wife
everyone in my vlogs like oh my god he's
gonna like my life nice wait what before
30 years 35 year ago yeah in a be
societally oh babe yeah the c-terminus
sat on a jellyfish another sting decide
really unlike you like a big one yeah so
we both got stood my jellivision my
beeper yeah in a beating 35 you God
someone needs to make a song I got stung
again I ve sir not like a third eye visa
me my knee my dad have both got my I'm
very tempted to get a tattoo of a really
small cool by that looking jellyfish but
I don't know how to put it on my body
I'm not gonna put it on my belly well
been stronger something like I just I
don't know that's like the idea you know
adventure story of shit that random I
have in my life because I should get a
big or a wasp because I got stung by a
wasp a jellyfish and then maybe a bear
because I met and that bear that one I'm
not be pretty cat damned oh wait watch
what it's called naked attraction what's
up again what do they do his woman's
shrimp off shakes alone right nothing on
and their mums picking the womanly one
what by look at our yeah a bit yeah
there's a women look at the men yeah
so do you see what the penis is just man
appear yeah well why you want you back
next week
why you want you Marcy on any road oh
you just happened to be on did it but
you watch every week no I'm serious
right so yeah so you have seen it more
than once
yeah and you're gonna watch it this week
as well yeah
we're watching tonight tonight Rogell
underclock o channel for a weather
report
yeah what do you need a bottle mirage to
do hope you asked a lot that's what's
going on what we've got and I'm no sex
yeah it opens your eyes to sex yeah what
you enjoy it Michelle I do actually
oh it's good as well women Ron hahaha
you enjoy no especially with the river
and lovely women who has goose egg did
you not enjoy that much when the men ran
on for lab the clock yeah okay well I'll
get it right I'll try to remember to
watch it again
so she'll watch it this week seeing as
though the women around yeah not don't
watch it next week but we don't want to
see men all right it's old its naked man
boy are you gonna watch it next week
this is a really good show so let's take
a side track from penises and naked
women for a second right this look it's
World War 2 footage remastered into
color oh yeah how good that there is
seen it in color before no yeah it's
like this Netflix show that she's
absolutely incredible that's like
painstakingly recolor corrected all of
it
well not all of it like big portions of
it it tells you the entire story ins
works on that salad
you should watch it it oh yeah this is
this is a video game not I'm playing
yeah do you see the big screen I had
yeah I'm going to reset up soon I'm
missing it I just have to uh I just have
to go back to two screens for people ask
it because it's streaming so I can play
on one screen and check my chat on the
other and but I really do want to switch
back belch all right it's just you can
see so much more I feel like I'm trapped
in a little box of this screen yeah look
at this head so just watch it okay okay
well about them what about them what
about them krummy
what does that mean no good note that
the jab the jab tanks little crumby
never a doubt for a moment okay but
I'm in the military me I can't get
scared you got him again Sheila are you
certified color sergeant Andrew only
ones that opinion if you should have
parked it there can roll a booger right
on aren't you supposed to get out just
being my own just customers well my wife
reverses out every day that way
conspiracies with you John you went to
my wedding oh yeah Jennifer get out of
here oh yeah all right great to see you
guys that was a really fulfilling
conversation at all I'm likin this got
my vlog edited four o'clock got two
hours to a bullet it's give it go to 32
minutes brother did you just fire walk
away crap
yep yes you just cross must admit
selfie matter then I'll see like are you
going wrong denied you know we're older
with a dumb bitch car yeah no I'm
getting a trainer in this all right
yeah we're getting trained so I'll see
you when I get back from London and
Paris so Becky a series on me look up
bye bye bye bye now
enjoy your TV show we'll kill you go
what a legend my absolute but you ripped
my bumper off and watching it and
watching you of cheers guns I don't give
me that look that's the look of
disappointment happening finally doing
it oh my god that is so satisfying final
watch no joke I really really thought
that I'd lost it I thought I'd lost my
Breitling again so thank God heaven
there's horses drive by in my house so
couldn't get naked I'm going to close
that I'm going mountain biking my dad so
let's get ready let's get good under we
don't ride ready it's a wrap and rule
Oman just like a third time in forever
I'm finally getting over by to excuse
the wind but for the first time in
forever I'm finally finally getting on
my bike and going for a proper ride with
my dad in the cruise
no Graham this timeframe the damage to
these Vegas more now so either he's been
huh I'm going for a ride
looking forward to it and hopefully I
don't crash GoPro most sarcastic biker
arrived are very oh look at next a very
alright you get yes the only reason I
come riding it because my dad though is
in furnace free promotion for my Colima
I just dumped that ass and get free
promotion
you don't be the front one up they will
I also let me go in front so can you
think all right charge it every second
victory of your bike what's going on
yeah watch me bail
fuck you hook Rob cook it up on the
pleasure of an electric bike right down
the hill and simply ride back up nine
nine nine nine nine nine oh you missed a
jump oh that smells like the poopoo
that smells like that no he did ride for
faith
oh are you like the poopoo Chris know
how to surf oh this is my dream to have
a quad bike and just load the one you
just rip it on Oh one Oh God yeah how
are you doing
look at you you're gorgeous
I kind of wish they had a dog tag you
could know what the name was
I love this guy think there's a zebra
with a stripe okay don't you're a
beautiful Johnson grunts on the other
side another good stuff
oh I ordered a good stuff from the other
side oh my god you're munching ah
because you cook your Kentucky okay I
gotta go now okay Mitch no I just hope
your nostrils or so soft
we can't feel that my ankle good deal
all right thanks a stroke that's my guy
okay Benham take the point
oh yes don't let go George
hi they're towing assistance would you
like a tow
go fuck yourself cruiser thank you Tom
here it seems like we found the case of
nitroglycerin oh look at this look at
this these kids been doing the nitrous
drugs up here it's not acceptable
I'll find out who they are and I'll make
them pay
no wonder they come up here and get I
interview Lord yeah what a great day
I'm completely lost them off so oh yeah
I had 20 minutes before the blog entry
life it's loaded I think I just going to
come down the title and make it public
to the world let's hope I don't forget
I'm found being back t-bone very sexy oh
no I just found an abandoned house good
I'll come running to see you again
winter spring summer or fall all you
gotta do is call and I'll be there yes
I'll be there
you got a friend come on you're like a
plane player unknown battleground
oh good jump on I'm just gonna hit great
I'm waiting for the enemy to approach
I'm making my bunker I can't see em Josh
no need I'll make one up I'll go it it's
gonna use a get back
let's must think I'm very proud to stay
I told one
the daughters still gonna fucking throw
that rock hard it is fuck oh shit
we're good that was fun
right on so what we do is we try and go
as fast as we can down here it's two
points this place and another place
where we go as fast as possible
the high speed I think we've got a near
one was 45 miles per hour I beat that by
47 on Joel Wayne but we absolutely fly
down here and then go to the top of that
hill and fly down there so just
absolutely fucking Amory Lorch avocado
all right I'm going to
hi Noah hooks no way hook what I say is
an energy doesn't fit
oh really can save the day
yeah other month what it's a rock ad not
my boy or is it on they bite right
and our hydro was Tom we did a whopping
forty three point seven miles per hour
down that road yeah point two point
seven pretty fucking back good job good
job good job good job of it I'd love to
join you if it's more powerful I may
have to go congratulations on winning
the race home thank you it's a good
rating it was I actually was wagyu me
idea I mean composure we all Sybil the
camera doesn't lie
oh no I know I have to go make a
pleasure
what a pleasure this time if I may next
week and not in Paris then laughter and
if you're wondering why I'm shaking your
hand so what hi in case it's on camera
higher up in at another address each
article right the portion of quiet look
you what you were shredding it you was
ending it so fucking much that he
deserves that I was like kinda get
indica original keys and you cracked it
and burn it how did you burn it and I
just put it over top of the oven and
I'll miss the whole go wide all the
cracks this fucking guy go and then
where's your birds can you get original
t-shirt summer is like no I feel like I
don't carry much it a very nice people
advancing once again right
don't burn phone cases appointment over
me now we'll see you guys maybe I'm in
another ride okay yeah are you going to
tell me in fucking - I'll see if I see
now our dragon eggs pretty like it's
like lines and stuff - right all right
just come to sign fell off I said too
funny
all you gotta do is call and I'll see ya
yes I'll be there you got a friend
Oh baby hi sorry money I'll have a
speech for to come for tea a petrol
station guy would not let late turn up
at set up a motorbike from a helmet and
sunglasses on but then I went over to
the guy he wouldn't even let me pump
fuel and so when it was like Apple
Dooley I took my sunglasses off he's
like yeah once I caught it that could be
fuel that's your cow I like what waved
it the guy I'm sorry sure I had to go
back over he went my please pay for two
pound 48s worth of fuel now and then
I'll let you put some more in
I was like well you just let me put the
format in after your canoe went to caddy
your face I said so your let me put in
2048 worth and you want me to pay that
like a deposit before a for mooring but
yeah like ya know about so that end of
argument rages long long story short let
me for the rest of my fuel and then I
paid anomaly thanks mom
great while you eat you're not saying
grace Oh your setup and manage wait for
you Alex
sir go on straight from work oh you're
not eating of your mum did say you
hungry contracting work to Moses where
are you George some of it huh
you've been here for three hours no
eight elastics
and I thought your hard work
oh yeah I think all right you bullshit
no the big mammoth character design
what's going on without one oh we've got
something called what eleven though yeah
and you just leave that Roger from
inside oh go catch this rock you like
you do you know can't run what is what
the fuck my last energy costs how much
because last day with some believe you
fuck off to London Paris I I have coffee
cake again
I don't know cupcakes different
collegiate village the toffee cake Papa
Joe Gallagher sticky toffee pudding not
walking it fry 61 yet it's not too late
use promo code Isaac's to one signature
tense then I'll finish it I'll be there
it'll be that over
he'll be there they all might be there
move in there that'll be there for
special guy and forgot right over there
MIDI all over their programs as well
however we've got we're live to the new
t-shirt show we've got new in time and
we've got new posters to hit here but
I'm just trying to
she's already I don't go yet just trying
to fill in a couple under 10 minutes la
Cucaracha now I've had a good day easy
you know you get crazy cat ladies and
crazy bad leaving she's in life of my
favorite are these actually what is the
thing where they were supposed to be
like where's merely you're going to
become loans were close money and then
it didn't oh my gosh that's a are these
like so much these are big white team I
don't enjoy these the extra life you
happy they're in here is what all this
is just pretty teddy bears everywhere
that was my mum teddy bear this is just
creepy ones are crazy crazy teddy bear
lady crazy teddy bear needy oh God Wow
look first of all calm the hell down
nice that's example bit that's all why I
just show it to excited attack give you
the hook
yes well carried away Johnny yah-ah-ah
just robbed home on the bay and I
thought I could see a leaf blowing but
it's a frog alright what you do oh you
told what you doing if you do it right
you little toad you turning a whole show
me to give you home I like to give you a
nice new home with look at you what a
fabulous looking toad
oh my god right come on right this I
don't know toad swim or not I'm assuming
to do listen if you're interested this
has got a river all kinds up we get out
of it okay
yeah you can't stand you can try but
it's got like it's got water it's got a
dude let's go doc there's like a duck in
here oh is it
I shouldn't like it well so now I'm
going to tempt you the dog just in case
you like it okay what am i tall stroked
it up okay tidy your good room
you're good I think you should skin
somewhere to sleep for the night I think
yes okay is the class frequently or
dudes but I'll put you under these
mothers there you go you can sleep board
nano massive massive vibes to Swanage
for a forty five month subscription
you're the man brother how I prepare for
a new adventure 101 I get my bag for my
last trip I can't get out and I start
fresh pair of shoes was going out in
pair shoes wearing every single day
probably three of them a clean collar to
start with they basically clean
essential two-faced shaver aftershave I
really don't need to be in that and
there was a toothpaste in there yeah I
mean it's you brush in there in there
someone alright so that is the end of
today the next vlog tomorrow start oh
what a drama and you're going to be like
wait what drama I'll explain it tomorrow
but until then I'm with the wife and you
guys will see us tomorrow at 6 dev the
next day levorg on our adventure in
London and then herring in Paris so
until that much love I would make you do
the outro I'm not gonna make you do that
so you like writing subscribers you guys
extent
