morning sexy yeah yeah uh you have the
softest nipples in the world oh my god
you can fool carries ass
it's my small hand no I'm no longer so
knows if you're gonna 18 ever in a way
of milk of pushy people like the loser
unfortunately air is a fuckin a weight
always relevant I'm basically spending
my entire day trying to sort out getting
this house and this area better in it as
it stands right now around the local air
like government you could say like
Council but like what do I do they said
speak to the phone line I spoke to
foreign companies spoke to BT then and
said speak to Openreach I've gone
bouncing back and forth to sword so many
people trying to saw how I can get five
optic speeds on this road instead of
copper speeds and so far it's not privy
to well but you know what that's just
the way it is Chris Burns gotta pull
ourselves this is dope got his laptop
he's got the mick jump is that the
screen just need to clean it up to make
it look like proper and then you can
movie a militia with like a mum ha ha ha
listen up guests like a month at a time
I yes yes that's what I've been expected
thank you so much oh yeah oh yeah all
right so do you guys remember that when
lgsm you scream last time and it was
Joker's tit need this to get inside this
before you are going home I got a good
one box this new monitor muchly saving
this responsive video with LG so I can't
open it just yet I have to wait until I
work out the details of them because
well I said tunes like listen I really
want the new screen so hand that over
straightaway but if I'm going to do like
a sponsored video you know promoting the
screen or whatever and I want a screen
to be able to give away to my fans as
well and they're like you may be able to
start that so until then and so
responsive video goes down I've got this
box of swag from when I went to Scotland
look
of this this day shout-out to the
familar rust in the Cindy koji
congratulations lady Evelyn Dalton look
at you all love it it and now we bring
to you a little message from someone
called Karl
let's have a car and don't forget the
your chance to get a shout out
tomorrow's daily log Tweel's Seneca OG
rocky the news web from the meetup me
and Terrorizer did in Scotland so much
swag with like gifted to us like you
know like pop figures or anything like
this read Buster's Lindsay put in like
100 leaf words for the red bus tour and
I'm not too sure whether this monkey
came from but I could ditch oh yeah no
we give this the cheeky monkey made its
way from Scotland all the way back to
the UK so I've got I got shot glasses
I got titty shot glasses I'm gonna I'm
gonna line it all out here and see all
the swag we got from that and to Ed only
brought me anything
thank you so much I'm sorry I was in a
bit of a rush but there was so many
people to me at Scotland New York I
resonate like it was just Matt like look
I was giving Sami ramen spicy noodles
like sick bonbons and I am boo I love it
so far my unboxing of my Scottish makeup
is very random to say the least I have
two bottles of IIM brew I have a fun two
strawberry I have a coca-cola vanilla
bonbon German dictionary we have a nerf
gun we have William Wallace for the
addition I love this buddy and I says
where's the other one the other version
that goes with this is on the side as
well so like that no job that's probably
the coolest gift I've ever been given
something might be like well what about
the pop trigger I gave it not going
wrong it was dope but the fact that a
Scottish fun in Scotland gave me the
William Wallace Braveheart figure is it
is too good to be true
yes and listening is like someone to do
with football or rugby or something I'm
just going to put that over there I'm
joking I'm going to keep that another
way before we got the Scottish flag we
got Norway flood we've got the fault
with this legend that a mare of the meet
up and I bleed ISA desert doesn't let me
to read in the back
there is thank God I remember that
otherwise want to read it but yeah I
probably just left that methyl live in
them and I was like 90 I noticed it was
like is it a treasure map ah PS enjoy
the picture chair John I appreciate that
man
thank you very much for your lair and I
just do is for the sake of making videos
and I never really think about like the
effect you have in regards to making
people happy or anything like that and
it doesn't make me very happy knowing
that it could make you happy so thank
you got a sick draw and look at that tom
cassell this felt it right thank
goodness for that
no you're supposed to write your names
on the back so I can always refer to it
in the future and got oh no I forked a
smashed glass
no wait how did that one not smashed you
want it Lindsay who shifted me on no all
the outward shit the artwork isn't gonna
show I'm gonna have to get some new
piece of glass for this some nucleotide
in English didn't even make sense
no oh why don't you put my hand in the
glass then okay we have to put this one
over here dad carefully and hope Brian
doesn't stand up
oh sure the glass all on the hand of my
leg now fine idiot or we got more pop
figures we've got the toy snap top
figure look it up but it's sick then
there's another one to go with as well
look wait nope no this button nightmare
battement okay there's another pop
figure that's pretty dope is pretty dope
wait would be other pop figures there it
is this is the one it just makes sense
oh no wait let's Black Widow this is not
the one I went to register that what
would it wait where is it Darius
spider-man but it's a really cool
spider-man because he's got the year the
homemade soup that is sick look at this
man so much swag chocolate bark
shortbread I actually thought someone
wanted me to sign that and I went to fan
it you like no HPV alright sorry but so
continues gaming powder
Jolly Ranchers Jolly Ranchers Jolly
Ranchers with Scottish people enjoy
Jolly Ranchers I don't understand some
biscuits for Alice oh I do actually
believe she's got a lifetime supply of
them already so I don't think I should
eat anymore
oh yes weaponized Rick from Rick and
Marty that's so sick and then we've got
nightmare chica from a five nights at
Freddy's don't play those games also go
over it Oh
the vinyl collectible I'm so glad I met
this guy at the end of the day I almost
missed him
it's not I don't collect them that is
amazing think you need to take the hint
here one quick revive put that in a
smashed-up then I was going to say two
quick provides no but that's quantum
from fallout nuka-cola
now let's put that there the next look
at too quick revives and we go and don't
worry there is it another quick revive
so through all because I got the perfect
too much very quick revive if there's no
more than that that's perfect you only
get three in the game don't you years I
got three those River drink section and
we've put the shot that the drink
they're putting Jolly Ranchers over here
I don't know why I'm lining this up like
a chop shop or something but I think
it's pretty damn awesome
oh yeah did I did get your garage nice
we got Juggernog and then oh wait I got
one more
oh for quick revive I do believe someone
bought these for a lease so I'll pass
them on bought caramel biscuits oh my
goodness me it's just did God just what
give me Snickers bar uh more of these
red bus leaf was she just threw them all
in the Box to troll me that guy come and
sit look how many there is unreal only
torture help the glass it might be
everywhere inside this box like
everywhere up there the TV that was
wondering why the titties got to catch
that monster once a year titty gasps
look at that where's the Irish titty
glass is it lesson one oh wait I didn't
get an Irish titty glass I got a British
tickler okay got it
so now I've got British titties Scottish
today if anyone wants to send into the
peel box and Welsh titties and some
Irish titty shot glasses don't just send
me titties up all right anyway um p.o
box link
peel box address is in the description
for everyone one room about that I don't
want you to send me anything I'll have
to send me anything but if you feel like
you want some anything whether it's like
a letter or Syndicates guide to Scottish
slang
feel free to whatever it is like the
Roku obviously the book treaty plans
about but then I realized Nick did that
sorry Nick reviewed on your book some
hello Panda I actually like them and I
like them a lot I got a fantastic beasts
neck robotics I like it I like it
then what else well look I can see you
I saw your arm I was wondering why isn't
your obsess to use the toilet yeah I'm
on full suspect gas with you now you
little shit yeah get the get the hell
out there but all this stuff from
Scotland I don't look what Lindsay put
in the box so many of those Red Bull
equals yes you can have one daily extra
picture times again then we've got
another one a Dementor ooh
from Harry Potter I actually didn't
count this one we got in here I got the
black husby p-- I got the Black Power
Ranger nice I think I then got this dude
oh whoa all is she's so sick that Debbie
Goggin yeah you be jealous give a Jedi
this sick pop figure thank you so much
for that go put you on there oh look
I've got admit I'm with you I do wish I
would have kept him in the box
I do like have an amount so you can see
him but I like having the details at the
front so you know exactly what they are
where it's my box insomnia skull where's
my box where's my Debbie Gordon did you
leave them in the boxes
did you check try there for a while
accountant because collection I know you
think unless I give away for charity all
the ones already got and replace them
with ones and boxes I could not but
that's costly I put over 200 that's like
what 10 quid each try when she'll run
one shelving unit with Bachmann and Leo
works ok my dress I mean they're all
right stop two more oh they go I got
blue Power Ranger dairies and then I
also got security protected Daryl Dixon
with an RPG actually don't have to see
this there you go out of quite what top
figures they've got some artworks and
some letters for me to go through that
still place so good damn good I look so
much more professional with an amazing
bid but you know what I'll still take it
we've got the 69 a fun art I'm at the
into the lovely American lady that was
great and then Oh what is this one Oh
have you seen what this is ready
when you think it says go fuck yourself
not quite oh I did so on yes
oh my god so much stuff that is crazy I
can't believe the pump it up and style
like this I got one thing of iron brew
oh hey well you got you're going to be
in Sami 61 so we'll make sure people
bring you something's in in 761 we'll
bring your tissues to wipe when insult
it is so 6:00 in the afternoon I've
actually made myself two videos on
oh wait that's not the wrong thing once
let me take this again and do the
dramatic space bar
yeah we're maxed - I Oh actually really
enjoying playing games
I've got like a little nice overlay it's
looking like I got some music back there
everything crazy but really really
enjoyed playing this so but two videos
it's recorded for you things on the main
challenges realize I'm not eaten all day
so I could really do we going get them
food before I get ill from not eating
any any any nutrition let's see what
Ryan's doing so so I have an Ian that
means he has a year okay every time I
think you're not even of still isn't
going to put your a diet name get your
fat looking little bearded dragon on
shit and no litter Steven did you enjoy
your day of freedom yesterday did ya
trying to come out again for a bit of a
play okay let's do it
so we feast go on go get him get him all
these crop ways we're doing can get a no
no no no I'm no longer nananananana
could you beautifully oh you can see
contorted they just go for it they you
like it approaches like candy
you don't like really really sweet
coming treats forbidden dragons you
standing we just don't want to go for it
does it explain yourself always taking
another walking is moving it had a few
more times
oh yes you like it you like it you
getting it finally did it
oh look at it is smiling little Steven
smile a little bit I love it
it was a ninja stuff massacred on camera
look how if you don't get up belly jeez
if you're going on a diet
Keller said he was fat then fed into
more things
hmm I'm a bad dad and he seen what you
wearing an advance profit that wad
called you could wear now that's the
work so I've been painting your chores
shit well what a random story yes you
don't know nothing I've been paid a
chicken and in each cycle point here
because then you know if you're gonna if
you're gonna get really mad go to work
soon yeah nothing like it so guess what
yes it was Green it can't be my style
now you wearing swim shots walkaround
return shot walking onto yours I don't
think I'm asleep in what now of the Swim
Shop done double gravy all right
I've become I think I'm just a
trendsetter for or who seeks you sir we
are getting bullied also really which is
what well when I was 16 today and
whatever God you know I was a transfer
this is this is all one right now
it's to lay on the bed relax watch
Netflix
there was no that for netbooks but watch
Netflix eat some damn ramen noodles and
sleep
what a titty scared me and he was awake
being his own I was Gia I was trap you
so nice as well right
I think we may have ordered a bit too
much Chinese ourselves so we reverted
back to our plan was by Chinese was like
when you're taking the piss you can
chase listen the fight of tonight was
Chinese and watch the room so tonight
we're gonna what whenever you got a
Chinese bars orders we're going to get
Chinese and watch the room so I get a
little irritable bowel syndrome Lisa I
did not I did not
oh hi super Chinese hahaha done five
okay
excited to say don't panic right and I
combined Hanukkah burn it bad dog hi
Brian
I've got my flippy floppies on okay I
got my flippers office and I'm gonna go
get food we will survive is if you
nearly staff to - max this is where so
that the chicken was discovered simply
Chinese it's not the best place is where
I first found it um
we may have ordered a bit too much food
Ryan um Ryan dig around it's a lot of
fucking food they gave the crate to
handle dude they gave us a crate of food
yep
yeah glad you woke up now I know now
that this is the first problem here the
first place I have had some type chicken
would you go outside yeah right you just
place we went before was knocked off or
something like that yeah I'm sure we can
do this this is the shit this is some of
it we've got not just two portions of an
extra portion in the bag well then yeah
we got three we got three portions
finally got to film the room and I was
like ill Brian to impeach dude
the movie was never made an HD system
that I buy the whole point it's not
intended for Kate it's like very fucking
crazy I know what's in anything what's
been depressed definition I don't know
what to expect on this have you seen it
before
yeah oh is it good is it funny
yeah for all the wrong reasons I think
it's a fresh boom laughs boom laughs
that was so much sugar in that lollipop
okay and you did the most disgusting
shitty part I couldn't smell it's all
that open I was in the Puzo and I could
smell it was like hey that's what's up
Brian where'd you get that from each
razor com4 so syndicate yeah five
percent off yeah that's not actually
working Kohinoor a ling gufu yes right
who da fuck is Maksim funny it's bright
and Tom's bike to nowhere
this is brilliant oh gee we should have
been so playing this by yesterday oh
we're still gonna die here I can just
I've just got bad vibes Oh Brian Brian
Brian I've got fucking 2% health grade
oh my gosh it's turning lane how about
6:00 in the morning how are we still
awake half a 6:00 tomorrow and we're
still playing video games
we're so addicted to pop jeez
real Magdalene breakfast yeah
online-armor 6ot takes a yet and I'm
going to do that saw myself reading my
vlogs Steve managed to crawl all the way
around to here walk down the little ramp
I made him where is he gone
Steven wait what ha ha ha ha ha what are
you doing what are you doing Steven I've
got about from of love you little shit
what you're doing hold if you can seem
self in the mirror a fun play the way
Stevens on an adventure and variety are
Co of the video so how would you run
away with it I don't you wanna be in the
vlog actor thank you very much budget is
making legal a quick
subscribe ding dong ha ha I want to go
home honey model really wanna go home ah
we love having you here you can stay
