Oh new dawn dude a neighborhood watches
fuck neighbors alarm was going off check
out good morning to your face that's a
nice breath of fresh milk it's 7:30 in
the morning and I could work in a bonus
package not exactly the greatest start
today I'm going to levitate my master
bed and go the fuck back to slate my
attempts are trying to upload the Borg
it doesn't even give me a time remaining
until it goes live and I think my
Internet's broken that discussion I had
with that guy a thousand up a thousand
down for 1,000 pound a month it's
looking very tempting right now cuz this
is a bane of my existence
sadly today we're going to lose Brian
because Brian is going back to Island
sorry my lighting nearly disappeared
today oh he big do it he got him on his
last day I got you on your last day
let's charge the last day ok bye Brian
it's quarter that's right Brian's bike
is at 4 we must get to the airport and
drop him off at me again I am looking
like a potato but that's not a problem I
can solve this issue I think Shannon
they can come back to be able to tune in
to the cricket festivities of drinking
cricket in another fun yeah hey no one
watches the sport dad we go there to get
drunk Ryan have you forgot anything
anything camera passport wallet phone
glasses laptop passport passport
passport sir thing God does he have a
passport
oops and just like that I managed to get
you to the airport in 9 minutes
that's far better for Bowie don't forget
I'm you're not checking bag run like a
motherfucker and you'll be fine let my
man united - ah Cal's probably burnt it
like oh go go Brian
Brian go I love you Leary zero tireless
like victim picking really depressing oh
that's my one job today done drop brain
up for the airport I did drop him off
pretty fast
but he still got the chance you can miss
his flight so I don't know it's a linger
around the linger around the area in an
attempt that if he misses it I could
pick a better opening in just over the
weekend but the problem on the neck fly
anyway so I time to rock monsters in the
kitchen office or home yeah look about
it or what happens gone gone we said
well what's what's a youtube channel
name i said terrorism and they arrested
me on the spot no I knew it I knew it I
just knew it don't you change your name
right there you go you can explain hold
this because I need to move away from
here you can exploit I went to check-in
sorry you stalking me for a few more
days and then they went to they went to
check me in and then he said what time
is your flat and but yeah so foreign is
run the clothes and then he looked at it
and there you go oh no sorry it's been
closed
that's my whole shit happens alright
what times next flight quality six and I
said alright those oversold and anything
he goes or but that one's been sold out
and then then he goes well it's any
compensation your current flight was
oversold by by seven people and I was
like what that's correct because yeah we
over we overbooked your flight that's
fantastic what fly can I get on and this
one at quarter to nine tell me who don't
drink
yeah so
now I'm not waiting there now we're
going to go find colors and calculations
you've gone my mind's been blown right
now personal you're getting a white
chocolate maka share those many that
sounds incredible
that was a new caramel popcorn what's
the prep Aegina it's an ice blended
coffee can we get one of those as well
please I'm gonna try it
Tommy and Bryan Callen Goodwin I'm Ryan
I'm waiting for it to open the door for
me she taking forever no right I'm so
sorry my phone right
left full running it totally crawled it
out now Tom state I so do you think your
shoes up to this new year dude honest to
god she had no idea she was like she I
was Candace man so she was like what's
going on and my phone fucking run I do
okay so basically his flight was
oversold he can't get a fight than the
next flight available was at 9:00 p.m.
so you know what fuck this running me I
was going round around about six times
just in case of missiles fire and then
it was like Tom come pick me up so guess
what Kent takes one please painful
Monday oh I'm not doing so good now
we've got to go get Kyle because car
doesn't know we're gonna make a TD home
we're gonna make it like some break into
car Oh Brian for me Paris for Paris
isn't one just about it came all the way
from the unit today
oh thank you oh yes yes I don't think I
have Rick oh my gosh and I don't think I
have more Oh Rick amore and I think some
of the show actually gave me Rick with
Paul but it's like a full collection um
I actually don't think I have Rockets oh
thank you from I need a new Noah thank
you so much no you're an absolute legend
oh my gosh channel name is Noah just
gaming you guys wanna check out no other
gaming go check them out because yo
thank you so much dude no Brian yeah you
didn't understand right that that's my
present our sides are really the
limitation
I'm totally not going to get given to me
you leave to Brian Jenny sumbitch
favorite tennis favoritism
that's nepotism what's nepotism you
don't know mean like a fungus fungus
hey wait to try this yeah it is a new
straw on the car it's a pop karma
Cochino trafficking a Frappuccino mom
what's that just tell me exactly this is
a dime I freaked out late with you maybe
maybe later in the end September when's
the first limit mission design drop no
one knows I mean it just start talking
house move ask me if I'm missing sexual
stuff ah well listen a really turning me
on
I'm so happy honest that flat I bet you
are
yep that's what you get good karma I'm
the scatter around here are not your bra
nothing but I am special one
no Ally yeah pass me a poster pad here
post-death Oh packing your labs to
shot-making most of the poster gonna
sign and draw doodles on it and there's
only gonna be one of these in the world
and you're going to do that what you
could do it all that as well and you're
gonna give it away on syndicate regional
Twitter so make sure you fall into the
original right you can draw whatever you
want you've gotta sign it draw whatever
you want do whatever you want and one
person is gonna win this give a stuck to
the sucky sucky give us a key sweet sake
uncle Julian no no Alison like she's
like let me bring my favorite let me rub
a bit how good that bad at all
you got shlonsky channel is 404 try the
good stuff not putting nothing in there
spin bro check it efficient joke okay oh
you know what I won't be talking about -
you guys good
Oh your face that otherwise what you
know yes yes okay
yeah yeah all right nice innit I was
just drunk for me I love the way to get
around same same height so I poked it
there seems like a perfect add no
enjoyment absolutely doodle for my
portion of it so Brian I put life of Tom
I drew I drew a drunk version of the
snowman from frozen
I drew a sheep with a helmet on taking
poop
I drew William Wallace for the shield
saying freedom and then drew a strict
man shouting spire and putting up some
climbers on it then i put brian smells
and then I drew women walking 80 GS I
think the colony TT from Star Wars and
then I love I love Irish kind of wall
yo-chan mm morning to you first of all
I've been given some tissues from a
package inside this bag I don't well
yeah so tissues tabletop after-dinner
entertainment what is it oats trivia in
the 1600s odometers were filled with
brandy instead of mercury are these it
seems to just share with people okay
yeah I guess the up well you know I'm
gonna put on my dinner table and people
can enjoy the little things all right
next up we got a bottle a Wolverine book
it's called savage Wolverine kill island
well there's a frog it don't look not
much I'm actually gonna read that I
would read I think I'm a natural games
comic books I like them as well and 52
things to do while she - okay let's read
number 30 the force handle at a public
toilet can have up to 40,000 germs per
square inch next fact most hole is flush
in the key of E flat dope okay problem
is oh wait there's a person have it I
Keeney a key knob gaming with H not many
videos gaming with age thank you very
much little slack package that is very
awesome just kind of confuses - why you
sent me a packet tissues I love it right
show me all right we've got maka drawn
that that's a shitty Baby Bowser
spoilers as a pterosaur Terrorizer logo
and then you got a little witch the
dancer again Yoshi Yoshi Yoshi
best poster ever so this is a fucking
dope poster but given as know Rufus I
Alex you got the side of a gun I'm gonna
sign no and get sad that you got that
it's the most fun job
this is this is the rarest post we've
ever done barest optimal sign you're
kidding shit we fight and she knows that
means nothing she never she never would
be alone she never made fired she
packing it fire I still come to work
every day what you do not understand the
meaning you find
I don't know that yeah but we'll decide
after he's seen it come on
oh yeah that's totally fine ah yeah oh
you're mumbling were in the office the
mighty of this web Ryan sits tonight
around with it and he wears a man oh but
God home oh no his plane has no place to
go
oh no he can't go home his and iris ooh
I don't know how this lost the Irishman
Irish ho you gotta said daddy I knew it
is a river line to be sudden show me is
it like a gift or it just is all of them
this might be today's merch shout out
show me oh man you ready
Coleman how many shirts yo 13 13 13
should always even know the curricular
one ye are this is definitely as you are
today much look to your face even behave
in addition relax guys what we like to
see so make sure you tweet you very sure
I syndicate og and ours is going to pick
a daily shout out winner for the Merc
swag I thought this thought we really
may be worth a fucking drunk
we would like a dribble on the floor in
turn the cup upside down ha ha ha that
shit escalated so much
do you know why you didn't send him
package you to my house in several
copies fucking morning you're fucking
dead
no why wasn't it oh my gosh ah okay ah
hey yeah he's going to be the rarest
poster we've ever given away it's
indicator journals take a full look at
the full thing all right sup that was
artists we've seen is ours through vo
spider cat okay ours Cassell loves
Calvin for paws
Brian handful I'm be sorry you part the
public well I know big K th are so then
this is all officially signed and Alice
you've got a pig you know I can we pick
the winners of the plight of the shout
out
got picked someone who's wearing the
swag I'm going to give it to them
well that's the rarest person ever given
one that's pretty sick let's really do
it I like that we've done that oh yeah
we're on very it like where's Brian when
Brian saw this and then I was thinking
oh what fun is using my words brightly
he's been watching you for the last 10
minutes so far what's this really good
idea of you so good but lie down on the
ground then lie down and then I would go
like wait for Brian
another good like draw my darlin
oh you want a drop down to thank you for
watching good luck
what do you try to be a walking mailbag
how's the other strean there fuck it
looks like they're talking think I'll
just cold I can see here ballin the
buzzing Y on the floor tom no I love
they do no shit is fuckin must be under
guard over there you're welcome to be
heritable reviewing take number welcome
over mud Walter okay reminds me that I'm
doing a talk no go if you completely
trap do we're not using look elsewhere a
I'm from being in that bag oh I'm so
sticky
why couldn't you just poof or a bit
longer I was trapped me inside the bag
did she well she lost her phone I was
like time to think of what to do with it
if I was a really bad brother I'd put it
under a car tire in Landover
no we should actually just go and don't
believe whatever song I think she
noticed if she didn't try to pick out
one chili D know where she's gone in now
- yeah no no she's been to lock the
office I'll get the phone I don't know I
mean I get away with
oh my god you doing coffee for the phone
case they're beautiful Oh people -
that's a second fail of the day nobody
it was supposed to be a scare
I'm still okay to go okay you go good
job grade they go cosas con sold you
total ah this is just a summary of this
day Nico Stephen uh gotta look good you
he's like a dog
No
not not not not not are the reunited Tom
this is Brian Brian this is John Vlad
what role we're all friends here a and
get watch we're getting on it tomorrow
we're getting on it tomorrow
and that's when cricket that's Saturday
ready I thought it spotted from hey I
was a Juggalo good good very quick
happening on second Fairlake at side my
dad shares bootcut yeah it really like I
do all the vlog should I introduce
everyone like they're almost like
characters in the reality show of life
Wichita McCallum my granddad all I saw
stuff like cow bride and stuff but it's
just min because Tom just went away on
holiday for a week and he's just come
back and like fans out there recognize
it from the water with a composer hey
was it weird taking votes with people
let's go completely one we're taking
photos with people yeah why I work a
weird horrible did you like it no yeah
you did
come on look the effort is you're on the
inside you know I am get yourself a
suitcase you are some sort of it it's a
bit of a small one now not a small one
that has to be four days in bells in any
would've have made in Europe mainly
European yeah we're in your we are made
by leprechaun little bit of Irish racism
tell you see that big bottle over there
nice reckon it's worth because you have
won 10 grand
yep you think it's ten run that was big
bottles yeah the big box it is it both
no yes false full I ate of spade and
it's what we've always done check it is
a thirty Rita ball thirty litre bottle
all of this is 300 X 25 nope more 64,000
pounds
as that and they said they sell on
average two weeks do they give me a
little back I'm running away Hospital
excuse me I don't think so he's taking
money out there I love it I love it like
it's just what I wear how do you think
you're going right to like play around
and watch I'm gonna pay you go guess
what hey watch it boy what a minute is
yes
ah you're near I was German
you better know I'm going for that food
out there and it sounds absolutely
incredible and then for star I'm going
to try the Taiwanese salt and pepper
chicken touching you to Street Duty well
that was my entire meal and now this is
now my meal
oh it shows well look at this oh we're
rating of the songs at the chicken
straight through true story or whatever
your name is it better be good I saw Bob
it's true none of stone by the way Molly
you me should totally be dating so that
way I can get free cards or college
people
so how's your bottom Wow what's your
food out of 10 you didn't need it good
outside 8 no 7.5
oh right whoa whoa whoa womanhood even
after we go get it go get him right now
did you drop it down for me my future is
like an eight and the service I don't
care all right Devon point five for me I
like the truth it was good try it
haha you want to get in the car do you
odd red eyed you're not going in
you're not coming in you're not coming
in my plane Oh different okay doing okay
all these guys you can pull over pull
over lift no accident I'm gonna stop oh
really gasps all right always okay now
so he's not gonna be dead probably where
I was near the cage house he nice warm
to the ATF but you had air coming from
no in that lounge it was really nice and
warm but I have actually left you know
potato but I sure the lounge door it
doesn't like going on tile so they could
stick to carpet so if anything if he's
goes wits about him he dug himself into
the sofa comfy and as far as collecting
money's around I hate it I made him a
rub together surface
back up clannish you can say found on
you you could have to get out bar and
always remember that money thank you and
i would remember it love you I vote this
is the moment of truth I've only just
got back and completely forgot that
Steve was out I know that's like the
most irresponsible thing in the world
but like honestly it slipped my mind
oh okay where could he be alright so
who's here
he hid beyond the curtains by any chance
found it I found halo mokou tired is
like me I was so confident he just put
me back to bed side I'm sorry boonie it
was a sleep behind the globe got to
credibly tarnish line is it's a really
nice color as well so he's not to
addressed late-night grind you're
watching doctor disrespect absolutely
destroy it with forty five thousand
views you've got more viewers right now
then lurex and summit this is
unbelievably impressive
this guy's incredibly impressive and I'm
actually making my house in my bike oh
why not saving this to the syndicate
project I will be doing but I just need
to practice it Plus last night embed it
I've been driving myself crazy trying to
lay out the new designs of my house if I
want the walls where I want a bit like
the extension to base I'm just like you
know what I can't wait for my series to
catch up because they're not get
expensive like ten twenty episodes
before I can start to build miles I'm
like right I need to plan in this game
what my house would look like with the
extensions no idea what I was doing
right now what you're sure this is now
what the house would look like with
maybe the expense you might be a little
bit too big but this is what it would
approximately look like this would all
be a drive here only wait can I actually
find like a texture like a driveway
texture like a brick texture like yard
this watch this is what my house
keralite would look like oh looks like
now because and that's the drive going
down the back and this is the drive
going out this would be what my house
looks like how crazy is that with the
extension and it's a pretty big
extension to give you a bit of scale
like that is that like the body of my
house right now and if I put this
extension on this is how big the body of
my house
to become like this would become a
garage and I could do whatever they were
this back room and then I go up before
and then I can gain either like two more
bedrooms up here which would be crazy or
I make one giant master bedroom to
myself and then split this room into my
point of it is that when you come down
my drive there's a garage there so I can
drive in pack on the front or I can park
my car inside the garage then inside
this garage here there's a turntable
like a big circles when you park your
car on it press upon it and it turns
your car around so you can drive
straight out so you don't have to mess
around reversing like really cool I did
but I never thought about like how I
could like go upstairs and build extra
space or paint like I just never thought
about it like when I build the house
there's all this one that I could have
doing stuff with and I just never
thought about I just didn't need it but
it's like now I still don't exactly need
it but it capable to be done so could be
a pretty sick project what it's going to
end my daily vlog I've been playing
video games all day so you'll see about
that tomorrow in the next vlog but Brian
just brought me up which thank you Brian
look at you in your professional self
you'll see more of that tomorrow as well
so thank you very much for watching make
sure you like written subscribe ding
dong that Bell and I'll see you guys
tomorrow around 6 o'clock ish I'm still
trying to work on getting faster in it
that as well and you'll hear about that
more tomorrow as well so yeah we wrap
things up much look I got our D horse
