good morning latte macchiato shit
good morning I beat a Spain it's a hot
day out here today and the people down
here I'm having breakfast I've already
had mine had pancakes had a drink same
thing every day what four times in a row
time to get some sense on this skin
village alight can't say exactly use the
TV with a built-in support for a weather
the hell it is very nice room balconies
nice in the Sun quiet all day at a
minibar comfy comfy as bed the bed gets
like a 10 like a solid 10 like a 10 room
I say I think like a nine this is a five
star hotel I like it bath was good this
was all fine shows great oh it was great
you know what overall this hotel you get
a nine so until next time I may be back
not sure if I will be because I don't
like staying in the same place more than
once but goodbye for now
what's the music is this for a hotel
pool bar
like the great voyage music not exactly
chill oh this is the kind of protein you
need in a beat then a happy little fly I
think I have to say a chit do you have a
drink yeah I think we have to do a
cheers for a vlog this is to Tim it's a
pleasure to meet you in your family
hello and I happened to bump into you
guys on the last day I happened to be
here and I mean on the last day in the
last few hours I happen to be a book on
the West Village it's been a pleasure
but it's changing you know go drink
bartender we need we need alcohol yeah
cheers to health and happiness and to
using factor to some cream and this game
super Bernie okay
me and Tim went from meeting each other
how many hours ago as three hours ago to
potentially renting a boat together
we're hoping to need you to get this for
an entire day I'm sorry going home in by
the way and worth it I suppose we come
from a fight but I'm looking to maybe
book this for tomorrow and stay an extra
day this is all because you watch
youtube videos and bump into me but then
I didn't bump into you first I bumped
into dad got drunk with your dad and I
mean your dad decide it was a good idea
to rent a boat how do you feel about
much you feel great this is what last
about right life's too short make the
most of it
living the dream so tomorrow we're going
on a boat so oh hi mom
oh how you do it so basically we need to
check out a lot we've checked out of our
hotel that's why it's in an hour but
we're saying screw that and we know that
now need to find a hotel and a fly it
back yeah if not we'll sleep on the
beach gentlemen still going to send it
easy yeah yeah yeah dad you're not
getting a campervan go fuck you sir
so wait three lessons three hours ago we
met each other and then I'm staying an
extra night in our beeper just so we can
get a boat go on a day out of the boat
go diving snorkeling arts I still keep
back in style with you with your Lobby
watching my videos and we wrote who's
just chilling upstairs kicking back in
the Sun and I've delayed my flight by an
extra two days how we roll life you shot
me the most of it love it so your
grandma bought you one of the Syndicates
years yeah well because we're going on a
boat tomorrow and not just because that
will send you one of everything cool
yeah MoMA dad's like
it's not fair it's always our swag you
don't get none alright stay away you got
yeah we don't do extra extra rictus book
but yes yeah I got you man
so that's why I was on my trip I've come
up with triggers you guys in town with
the wife just to like do a getaway
finish work chill out for five days that
was the plan my five days are up
so Tom goes you know what my five days
are over you've been chilling we're
happy days time to make the most of it I
look like Jim away my heart
grab yourself Sam I have to thank you
and your family for making me stay one
more extra day and I be the pollutants
yes otherwise you're bad you're a bud
you're a bad role model you know why
because you pie it hard and watch you
show me the most of it
Tim can I get a facebook mother nailed
it
um because I'm going on the boat
tomorrow I have to get a new room so
guess what I said fuck it booked a new
room and now I have an extra place to
stay sir
what the fuck is a wall fuck oh this way
okay okay see this is well but what this
is so much better than the last room
what the fuck this is one cool it even
got them what the Bell will you pay for
my last room and it was shit compared to
this what I solder it this is I stayed
in that hotel room right there there
with a window no twin that does but
remain me saying that a hotel room
compared to this are you fucking serious
this place is fuck not only did you in
your family Milan managed to get me to
stay for an extra two days we're now
going swimming the sea damn right you're
right with that yeah I guess what's so
am i I've been here by I've been in our
beeper for five days I've not been
swimming in the sea yet so I made the
entire family go out swimming shit
happened listen dad I know you can't
summon all that but like I'm making you
go swimmin okay get off me dad where you
go left we're going to the coast we're
going swimming this way
we're just going to go sprint listen
mate this is the one right so we're
going to get in here even though it's
sharp is tip I'm going to swim all out
there
I hope this plastic bike use my phone
right come on got right be careful for
sea urchins vanossgaming got stung by
one you can do it I believe it
please watch a stuff don't see little of
you appreciate you your face is on
camera forever to be known right from
everything they're cool sorry
just get in just don't stand on anything
and just swim you can do it small ginger
child I believe in you just get in
alright let's do this shit of a worked
clear as if I ended up properly to fun
and then I'm randomly out in the middle
of the ocean swimming out with him and
we're getting a boat tomorrow together
night I started a talk i Sean
alright started avoid the shock supposed
to fly back home today
yeah I want to thinking junk I'm not
doing you can't do it I believe Connor
come on were you doing come on get your
shit together
swim in a straight line to those steps i
I just drowned fun you get your good
colors to steer do your thing you're
fine where the fuck is okay fine
tell you John okay if I'd have to say
that child looking just slowly kind of
get it together
take care don't burn hahaha you just
have a this year I go on holiday in five
days on the last day the last day two
hours before I'm about to fly away to
somewhere to home I bump into a bunch of
amazing people and just say fuck it I'm
saying and hanging out
but yes you win in a lie but every woman
surrounded people have a fun adventure
and now is like chill out spa massage at
a guava paia
it's a win with brawn I like prawns
I'm not sure how I answered him I was
like you face massage like with the
river the river groupable and I'm like
yeah yeah sure come in the evening room
again in the part of the man 5 this is
the pocket man hung by the way all right
feel the fresh feeling good meeting up
with Tim and a thumb right now going out
with some Paia think I'm limitation to
that place right first a really good
shirts out looking fresh oh my god I'll
show you later
I've completely something about every
day I'm at some criminal I saw stuff and
today I was like everyone just in your
oh yes sure don't know I'm really bad
did you think from a military to other
breakfast would be going out for dinner
today and going out on a boat tomorrow
yeah oh oh yeah what why would you not
think that was gonna happen I think we
had we just wing it
we're still going to send it to Cheers
still again extending a random adventure
I'm sorry said there to meet new friends
and have a good time
more alcohol assistance in the cell your
phone how's your strike market reunion
okay deep feels like you're talking for
mistress for the record otherwise he is
drinking 7up Peary sixteen years or see
his truck calm down cool
I'll get in trouble now top decisions I
got showing mine and they give a name
oh that's nice they got more food what
did you get why you chose well we chose
to look at not right that is a dish I
here for
oh my god Oh Tim thank you so much
community Wow ready
yeah you sure you're ready maybe you
should yeah yeah mono because this looks
hella good you save as you watch Ronda
singing yeah who do you watch now lovely
where are they you big galoot homeless
he does about that is it my moments
bigger there did you want my button I
watch my bum who do you watch no I'll be
okay what about Joe about Joe sugg I
like to guide it's over
Oh fun for Louis oh I love wearing who
do you watch on YouTube is that what do
a choo-choo I've never heard of that
before when I Tim I know I know our meal
the best place I can recommend it but we
know what is good cheese cheese okay if
she don't take ice cream just a nice
gooey stroking watery low omorrow yeah
good job writing on a saml on that I've
just met the first time ever today come
on I know you're not having asked you
what do you think rush free for even
London Welsh Welsh don't say
Welsh you're so far back in the David
mum what do you think of the icing good
you know what they're not even from well
well well I can't even pronounce ice
cream I came and say Wales they're not
even from Welsh the from Wellington they
don't even like ice cream hmm nothin we
family Lee's army wife what do you think
that's all I can son wait wife what do
you think is the ice cream eighteen what
what I think your ice cream man it's a
lovely could but you did another one
lying bastard I'm not gonna drop it I
can do it alright
go on honey meet the win with slowin
enemy rise up from why a way I like what
I like
top of the morning no Johnny need it
that's a different language
right side I lied
sir my difficult is curious like get the
fuck out okay
mostly repose you see you guys 11 10:45
promise I will not be late but I can I
can promise but I might not mean it cuz
I family so by now goodbye you what
absolute min experience this love to do
travel and meet new people and
discipline he ended up being a night of
drinking it was a it was a day of
drinking really and it was it would
brilliant it was good fun decisions were
made to go and rent boats so that an
extra day get a room for an extra day
and you know what no regrets no regrets
whatsoever
so now I'm gonna have to pack up all my
stuff get out of the hotel room and go
meet with Tim any family to go and start
my new adventure so make sure you tune
in tomorrow the next day I'm actually
like writing snot to subscribe button if
you haven't been already ding dong the
Bellevue notifications on and yeah I'll
see you guys for the next daily vlog
which I hope will totally be on time and
I hope this one was on time some will be
on a boat all day so we'll see how
things that but you know life's too shot
make the most of it
ice hung up
