that took me so long to get to this boy
Oh Scott Scott Scott Scott squad first
second third in a generation art of when
I've received them beautiful and you're
an electric back to show you man I mean
look at this I've got AC in my kitchen
all my friends keep complaining she's
fucking hot Wow how's that breeze what
ah no I bet he's cut it out and he's put
it somewhere is it in my oven nope no
cock in the oven what else do you need
just ruminate see I got the gate I got
the good stuff I'm so happy to be back
in the UK with me and they're so fast
while I look at those speeds I'm so
impressed
what am I gonna get for peanuts a stream
oh my god those numbers are amazing what
we all know lies and in England we wear
shoes
welcome to the bay this oh you've
already been in it I know yeah yeah this
is this is the Audi our arty all right
all right this is the swag swag baby you
can get in hum along shit what the fuck
I was like that's not my car engine oh
sure because it's cow yes yes yes
it's not just one yes not just one yes
Julius's together - yes is-3 yes yes no
no I can see it from a distance he's
already wearing syndicate honey hey bro
I like it I like that shirt as well I
respect that a lot
hey this is this is the deal first
person to get a strike
are you just a winner a fiver whoever
wins a total game we gotta give them a
tenant you got shake on it you're in
that God even Bowl with that finger put
this down oh yeah yeah seems like you've
done this before count wait you just say
are you ready for the straw I didn't say
that wait what oh come on give me you
know I've got myself still like ignore
the niner niner 69 it's alright to play
fair just turn me off it every time you
press is it snapchats it and sends it to
his phone that's sick in it and by the
way if you don't get a strike now you
both owe me money
you both owe me money this is fresh
morning
today anytime no okay okay thanks a lot
guys
where's my money where's my money busy
giving Moo's hey cow I can't stand over
there I might set the Wayne on fire cuz
you know what I'm too fucking hot right
now
oh my god I got two strikes Oh way up
right now hey maybe Brian should just
learn how to actually fold this is
balling not throwing another yet another
attempt
as my dad would say where did you get
that heart where did you get that huh oh
you got it oh okay
and like I just don't read we're just
talking about your heart don't worry
about it those who donate stop following
my ball
stop him to investigate who's got this
week's high score oh wait what the hell
comes back I don't know how he made it
there crispy in cow cows old score came
back I don't know how the hell he
managed to get that for someone's got a
231 still so wait in it a new week I'm
pretty sure because it's a Mondays a new
week you have to clean up all the names
and redo it so I might ask them to clean
it off then whatever we score we can go
we go one two three oh it's about a
turkey before I know we're supportive
team okay them gate don't fucking
security hey Cal just want to hold that
second bar hey well with this panic okay
hey Ryan you want one yet show we'll
send you a nice bro link in the
description this is what professional
loggers do this is what the pros do oh
wow that's cute a proper camera hey by
the way just saying all you need all you
need is 12 lemons so spare you spent I
don't really need expect to use the
previous man but gets a strike
Brian's beating me look 136 135 spare
yeah you're on track to a really good
game here if you get two more strikes
you may beat my high score
oh thank God for that oh thank God thank
God you only got one pin Jesus that
would have upset me man what are we
gonna do is it's game on so much how do
you feel about this great cuz something
badly yeah sure oh boy
this okay I know I'm pickin Metal Mario
yes oh yeah that's right I don't know
how fast you say no oh
take it off wait you picked up a vases
no I'm ready you know you just just tell
me tell me
Gateway's I go no right I'm tilting the
bottle Dom oh look this is actually so
completely real no it's because it's got
the silly buckle is just like a recliner
well you know what to say you buy this
look at that oh my god where's my
where's my beverages chill no life
happening it's happening I'm gonna try
from now on out every single day to give
a shout out to someone rockin a
syndicate original shirt Alice you're
gonna pick the person was shouting out
to find someone with a picture who's
tweeted at syndicate original yeah they
need you need to tweet a picture and tag
at syndicate original on Twitter and may
I also pick a person I'm gonna give your
show in the vlog look on your Twitter
feed and see if someone's sending you
pictures and wearing this shirt
and you're gonna give them a shout-out
to say if you wanted to have the chance
to get a shout-out you need to take a
picture in your syndicate original shirt
if you haven't got one links down in the
description
don't be shelling out your face on a
daily basis I'm kind of stuck in this
right now so brick can you bring your
laptop to me when it's a hot sunny day
but you still want to rock just
syndicate oh gee he was shouting out
who's the shoutout for today a shout out
yeah let me see it let me see it let me
shit let me shout them out shout out to
part PX parrot paradise because our
Xterra dice yeah what when it's a hot
sunny day shout out to you my friend
much look to your face back just saying
if you want to have the chance to get a
shout out you need to take a picture in
your syndicate original shirt if you
haven't got one links down in the
description don't be showing out your
face on a daily basis I'm kind of stuck
in this right now so yeah brick can you
bring your laptop to me legs in the
description and the new shirts will be
coming out soon
well welcome to the office because it
has to be branded yeah we've got your
chefs
we got enough shares to like share
movies many so don't bring money get the
pre knowledge there that's green yes
differentiate it this is turn out of
green different this this is going green
into gold but it's like that dress it's
like that's right right is it is it bold
or is it green we've come at down below
yeah is it black or what is it black
black or blue blue white dicks I hope
you guys enjoy Brian visiting you today
okay he's out phone much look to your
faces you can watch don't cookies but
it's got one stops on which keeps in the
wall and that concludes Brian's trip to
syndicate Rijal a let's give you a
thumbs up yay totally not pausing for
look more not look impressed
using now you beat me in
bowling today so I'm hoping to slap your
ass at pool guests break first
girlfriend bitch see if you're good
enough
oh wait whoa whoa you break on an angle
nice so I've not even parted one ball
yet
seriously wait really
wait I was still I was still editing my
thumbnail fuck I just got eight bald
your Brian where's ya shit from II don't
know monster energy Expo
oh wait at monster we used to thinking
big we also know sometimes a quickie is
all you need import especially for our
fun Brian's now cleaning up the table
because I found out he's a fucking
professional snooker player or pool
player
wait so we've got an equal amount of
balls now yeah okay I admit what I just
did I just put an extra ball on the
table okay I'll take you up okay okay no
no no I don't need a honey I don't need
a handicap leave that oh no no no I know
you've been waiting for ages go on wait
one two three four five I've got five
balls left go Brian get get get the
black in oh it's almost like you didn't
do that on purpose because he's a
fucking six no good player ain't cool
what's that it's new kitchen which might
do what you do Ryan of two shots to me
watch this I'm gonna bring it back you
little motherfucker I'm bringing this
back for the British pitch hold this
watch this I'm not gonna put anything
just watch just watch I'm gonna party
what's this
Brown in the black all right
you walked into the wrong fucking
country look at that surrounded you
surrounded you go Brian good Brian
Josh Owens fucking set me up right and
given me the game go Brian is this of
this others Brian last and Rihanna
search am just trying to get you know a
pounds worth
yes good Chapman this is a tactical play
tactics you've never seen tactics like
this in your life okay wait you end up
that pocket
that was sick
that was say drink no you've already
bankrupted me so no I know is that yours
oh well then woman left it behind I was
wondering why you were drinking it oh my
god be me like that going on now that's
pretty smile I like that I'll call you
in the vlogs oh it's very nice to be
here
I like how I walk in this guy's on a
date
they set the extra stage Pisces like
yeah it seemed to kill him like yeah and
now I'm just embarrassed I don't get my
ass in Irish Mike by an Irish man you
just stop you just yell Brian you know
Brian where'd you go where'd you get
that shirt from yeah oh my god you
actually did it what the hell are you
doing all right
yes I'm watch all this is 76 quid
it's what you get Irish boy we treat you
good hey who's ready to see Harry Styles
get girl are you ready
didn't it wall inside this screen yo
call of duty trailer what up oh wow it's
so busy so busy are you serious what
have you lost
what have you lost you want you lost
detective work Oh God yeah but you did
leave the city because he lost his
government you lose so much stuff Brian
it's unreal I don't know how you're
alive it was so crazy like amazingly
shot basically Harry Styles actually was
a pretty good actor say that right now
like he did a solid job and all I could
say is that movie is intense and when
you just pause and think for a second
that it's a real movie not a real movie
like ever it happened terrifying oh
sweet home welcome back Brian time to
find out yeah don't do that
yo throwing this out if you have a live
alone and want to survive for the rest
of your life for the unhealthy diets all
you need is dami ramen noodles Parma ham
and cocktail sausages bitch this is
literally the diet of kings okay this is
everyday grill is everyday bro it's
every day blow with that damn be rather
low Oh any Nazi Beatles you've an issue
man if you have an SI Beatles you know
I've had someone in Ireland called Mike
McDonald no try flavor is that curry
no no chickie chickie you can tell the
flavor already oh come on
come on all nicer then if you want some
spare you guys when you dick dude I'd
may attend aren't they a flavorful
turnout them their attempt but then that
makes use that question
they must be fucking terrible for you
and that's G this won't really make much
sense because that is Jericho's logo
okay
well took her Jericho's but if you turn
it this way
that's Sumi bungees Lago and that took
his logo upside down I never noticed
that no that's that's why I showed you
wow that's crazy
he becomes a budget to start a new dog
and a new day that person left the
window open
didn't mean to do that I don't think and
to net today's next daily vlog I mean
tomorrow's I'm trying to my outro I'm
failing tomorrow's vlog will feature me
here and he's here and he's a city fuck
well then you did it by a choice which
you weren't this means you weren't
forced to do it so someone's wrongly
make you move messed up however I got
when today's guys guys I can't ignore
something just think about what I'm
trying to say thank you for watching
today's vlog make sure you leave a like
rain
subscribe ding dong that Bell and I'll
see you guys at 6 p.m. ish for the next
daily vlog turns out that guy didn't
leave his windows open looks like he's a
security guard yeah I'm gonna go now
guys so thank you very much don't forget
daily shoutouts make sure it's reading
it's indica original picture of you
wearing a shirt out in public the more I
pick the picture the more chance you're
gonna get picked for the Taylor shoutout
so I'm gonna go Manchester United's
they're arcs Ferguson stand hmm
fuck he's that guy I don't know so that
no much love and that's ha ha
