oh my is pretty much stuck together on
that side
the weather in Ibiza is all cloudy is
that the still open
EB for almost a ten more minutes so I've
gotta hurry up my ass out there get
myself and goddamn pancakes
regular grape monster grape I will come
here every day and order this dish
every time could it's so bloody good
okay I still have to tail I'm still
wearing the same clothes from yesterday
and the weather still shit look like
there's a cleaner in my room when I went
to get almond school and I was like oh
la oh no no I have alternate adversity
oh for God's sake Kingdom French and
then I said Antalya
I'm getting there twelve my Spanish fun
I'm sorry oh they stopping the case you
got rockin and Stocking go to the third
bow in addition I don't think it was any
plums leg it went to chill and maybe go
all the way that Hotel in the background
that's where I got that king crab and
that's in the way I may go today because
the weather does not look like it's
giving up whatsoever whether the time
99% chance of rain so I'm just real bad
in this plan this was nice knowing you
but goodbye now don't be fooled
that's not so like that's why yeah still
not showing any sounds getting better
it's gonna go to stop me I beat the
hotel get some the king crab eggs we've
got someone fitness ER and shallow auto
but it kind of against schools couple my
funds and the whole file from it's my
visa is to do stuff outdoors even if
it's like go on a boat or jet you're so
much kind of ruined just so I think
today just might be a lazy things doing
nothing I should have really done my spa
day today I've been in the Sun all
yesterday but no age so next up tax eat
me I be seceded got keen crevasse is not
adventure from there very much
considering getting one of these in my
it's so complete whoa what if I get a
cat okay he's got a room well the cat's
got a room I sell for anyway so haha
stop me Ibiza home sweet home we got the
older house looking card that's a nice
looking car and hopefully they've got my
kingcraft are I'm looking for somewhere
well they where they clearly sell king
crab and I'm not seeing a lady who sells
king crab I think I may die on the
inside died on the inside behind such
for the same time glad that didn't say
this hotel just on the one basis that
there was king crab like this worst day
where I was like with Vinod's
and Luke and all the like all the true
beauty people well throughout its be
Steve Aoki and just like getting away it
was amazing like it's a great hotel but
it was only my favorite because of the
king crab have you said they did the
elastomer so they're not doing it that
some of the change here occurrence
today's cocktail - zombie it's not on
fire oh thank you so much oh I just
realized what these are you know want to
go to Manchester Airport and I'm fine
somewhere like up to America these are
these are all worm horn things ie they
didn't have king crab but they have my
favorite airport food snack I don't know
what this is but it's really good
I'm most happiest woman with a mustache
the guy could tell how much I loved this
so he brought me an entire extra try my
man
don't worry time table so that right
there becomes you edge and I went over
to like a wooden house a like a year ago
and you guys stood the event king crab
of all time list of the best increment
of all time I'm trying to find where
they serve it defy me play savage
anything yes to be running every single
top hotel and I believe is to see if
they have a light pink ink rub nobody
has it so what they do is ring him
company that used to sell the company
that used to sell the king crab in this
hotel so deep they sold it anywhere else
if they did during a tell me where it's
Akinori so fingers crossed
36 yeah the best king crab innovator
I give next upon my drink menu is
entities no more more yes no yes in
italic it comes with Ronon Geno Ron
Jamaica no just for a CEO humid Lima so
rapidly or negate a poodle credo a from
Jamaican rum
magic ordered okay sir and look a
surrogate 15 pinguin oh my god you don't
even notice me this basically means I
have reservation to a restaurant that
sells the king crab that I have here and
they have free crab like something it's
from Alaska and it's like 10 out of 10
I'm sorry right now they have burned in
this hotel is known to you in English
moment or just sort of pancake that took
me too long to get back from the me IB
hotel to my hotel
honest to god we got stuck in traffic
for like well and it originally took us
about five minutes to get there so not
happy with that but I've got 45 minutes
before I need to be at the next place
and you know what I'm gonna do in
between then I'm going to go get in the
spa 90% humidity yep you already can't
see me about mmm 45 minutes can't see
shit I got about 45 minutes before and
I'm everyday I am absolutely sweating
you over me
as you can tell by the gun if you can't
I keep doing that really what this is
ice or water and spray head freshly
phone k2 the water is okay
good job song I'm gonna go let it dry
outside now Oh bye dry I mean it goes
from a 50 degree C room to up a minus 14
degrees are degrees at minus 14 degree
Celsius cool cool so don't answer whom
am I ready for this I'm ready for this
maybe this is - hope - 15 degrees oh my
fucking god
my entire body is the committee so no
like usually so gnomes so I had it there
go understand it five minutes open Oda
do you have to say to install all this
gate
no Donuts but say oh that's what I
needed right then sat in the Sun oh but
in the clouds all day can definitely say
it is nice to just kind of like sweat
everything out my skin froze myself
sweaty up frozen sweat it out froze
myself who's nice but now I want some
crab like I'm surely picking again oh
wait oh oh it's a rumbling yeah run run
run it's absolutely pissing it down oh
my god there's a fallen tropical rain
still happening I already can hear this
but it's throwing it down that also
maybes a lot of our tricker
what if our making that noise but it's
throwing it down and it's turning
aligning so I'm going to go now can you
get changed I'm going to eat king crab
you're not following my holiday hockey
right side it's luggage
hey B there was no design for this hi
guys
we're looking smart an hour all right
I'll send top I have measured my boots
and I am ready sort of my motorcycle I'm
not getting motel I'm getting a taxi but
I'm going to get taxi listen
care crack I rang the restaurant to make
sure they were okay with me running what
was the weather and they said yeah and
we're not too sure what time we opened
reject it alternate ate when my
relations they did not too sure what I'm
going to be open yet because of the rain
and I was like all right well do you
have an inspection it's a dare but we
don't exactly have a roof and I'm like
quite what and the woman on the phone
when I've not seen a storm like this in
Ibiza in the entire eight years that
I've been living and working here and
I'm like oh so what does that mean she
was like we're not yet open and I was
like okay well my reservations at a as
you would like you can come we can sit
you down but we don't also going to open
yet so I thought I gave my cup look okay
this is such a really nice place but
they were right they don't actually kind
of have a roof
so everywhere in the restaurant choked
three and guarding something
thank you so much oh right I'm going for
my first taste be be as good as I seem
to be as good
Marisa fell
oh my god that's so fucking good what
I'm trying words could not describe how
happy I am
my entire mission of coming to IB third
was for this just this king-crab it's
Alaskan king crab so I should just go to
fucking Alaska but something I was
studying Ibiza
20:07 just like absolutely clean this
one up a little bit see better now I'm
going to ebook absolutely clean the
slave I save it every little bit and
that's something about 20 minutes to be
that small play-offs way but oh my god
it was worth it my last remaining in
took turns out what were coming all the
way to I beat them just one only be
Ramanath you it was absolutely worth it
they for real have a magician and
magician walking around
second of all see that woman there and
the woman behind her they're walking
around offering out massager in a
restaurant but I break my brain litterin
literally heard
okay never in my life into a restaurant
and had a massage this fucking wizards
and the Zeus's I'm content
Joseph Joseph my name is Tom below eight
children also saw my name Tom so a
choice and select no no and salad potato
it's another the Papa very willing to
this what is it
how do you say in Spanish in Spanish you
this haripada ensalada patata Rebecca
okay so in German just so you have a
large skill for me it cuts off on sanic
okay okay okay good conversation Joe
thank you thank God I reread what I
thought this does make my room which I
almost put on but if I turn it around it
says no molester so yeah go broke Erica
so forger dukey's going on oh oh my god
there is a 4-1 tropical rainstorm
happening
holy shit Moreau oh my oh no oh no oh no
oh no oh no oh no oh no okay this is the
most lightning I've ever seen strike in
one place okay you need to go i'm
bollock naked by the way so sorry about
this but holy shit oh my god
oh my I'm just gonna pretend this is not
here thank you close now so I don't want
to see this okay thanks 5k for fuck I'm
leaving bye luckily the next day the
weather got a little bit better so I'm
chillin buckled cool get as much as I
can get this ball get it get this boat
loaded of the record the past three days
I've had no phone data whatsoever so
I've only been using the Wi-Fi at the
hotel I'll explain it all when I get
back for Vodafone I don't like you
anymore they can creat leak off my data
ID to spend more cig like extend my day
a contract so I think but it doesn't
matter they've completely caught off all
dated my phone so yeah I'm kind of like
a lost lost lamb that much love sheep
right now so it is really as good as you
can tell got good vibe music going on I
got good sunlight and few clouds going
on but don't worry about it it's okay
make sure you guys leave a like rain
subscribe ding dong that Bell I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for another
daily vlog and I tell you if I can
manage one week as pure vlogs uploaded
at 6 p.m. every single day I'm a proud
little Tom so until then thanks watching
how do
