Illuminati confirmed
good Marda girl is that Marcus butchers
interim buttress mutton a Marcus
Mackey's butcher which started and
settled on absolute a and apparently
it's cloudy
apparently tomorrow it's going to rain
that's great
everything in this damn room is
automated I love it I love it my lord
well it's crawl I got quality boots so
it tells you mate unbind I see the
people down by the pool already they've
got the best spot I guess that's the
back stop for that it's videos because
of the pool on that roof up there it's
even better than that look you're in the
shade but there's typically in the back
needy however it should be breakfast
time now about here it is I should shout
with them yo throw me a latte tell me
some food what you got si yo well should
I don't what's he got what's he got
we've got nothing
okay okay breakfast time I am incredibly
hungry so I get messed up some food I
close the door we don't want the
mosquitos lock pop and rap prepare for
the most incredible view as soon as you
walk out my hotel room
Wow I care pack of docked and land and
probably food yes so ignore the hair I
get to choose from this menu of food I
also get that entire buffet juicer so do
I feel like getting an honor I'm not too
sure this is one how a nice-looking ham
and cheese selection
this will do for starters okay hotel
easily the best selection of meat I've
ever seen breakfast buffet in my life I
did a party in like three pieces off it
as well okay just delicious oh no what
are we buying this connection of lead oh
my god chocolate biscuit look amazing
yogurts more yogurt with yogurt inside
what all holes so these actually inside
whose genius Oh get over detox juice
multi juice for a big juice orange juice
milk hmm I kind of like that the nails
had all the probably I wanted orange
juice and they had it I also added apple
juice and had it but then I found a
drink on multi juice and it has all of
it in it
yeah not sure about that I actually
remember going to that beach over there
when I was 13 years old in my belated
word when we were driving into Ibiza I
recognized a building and ultimately I
swear I see that before and I used
Google Maps to look for books where the
building was and managed to track down
that when I was 13 years old I came to
I'd be through in the moments and
friends and I found the exact place we
stayed screen shows that when one was
right was this way we stayed and she
said it was so I've got a really good
sense of one direction and two really
good photographic memory places so I've
actually already been to Ibiza so and
there were no other beaches are you
better know at the daytime so we can see
these boats look at this guy he's
polishing the but as you inside the but
I like these boats but I like this but
look at this this place has Sitka to do
under skiddo go on the back so nice
model not be one as well oh it's a fancy
dock when I have fingerprint scanners to
get on it and it was this bus kind of
engine for that big smile a boat at
least second exists in Spain Spanish
people have any like kind of Spanish
drink Wow
for normal Sun cream three years now yay
the spray some cream that I use 16 euros
97 cents pollinated how to know you're
on holiday 101 Magnum minute I mean
Magnum minutes that's the number one
thing to let you know that you're on
holiday magazine god damn it and oh my
gosh Magnum why I'm screaming at ugh I
just really like I'm in my element when
I walk out of shops and say goodbye I
can now go a song else
look like a crazy person but least when
speaking the right language let's go got
the right idea isn't custom any money to
get I love an engine just in case I need
to get somewhere and easily
my king genius to be honest though I do
like that kind of boat I gotta go for
something like one of these you know I'd
fall engine only I do like that I wonder
I wonder how much money it costs to run
that compared to running Zach I don't
even open my eyes
look at that one bolt along there that
is the money money the money money the
votes are like own private end of love
which can't even walk or buy expensive
shoes foosh look at that one bloody hell
just by really hoping that captain wakes
about it in this though here because
like you know what you guys doing like
nothing we make videos for YouTube and
then is like oh cool you want to come
for a boat I don't know like it turns
out I found even more paradise look at
this section Oh laughs nice
peculiar-looking Beach over that doesn't
look too comfortable welcome like a guy
give Nowak sign his chair over there
take a look at all this this sick beat
line yo nothing but pure rock promoter
sounds I'm not too jumping so what all
the way around got to here with what yes
so these rocks and look like yes and
then realize it's just appalling way too
shallow I hurt myself too much I cry
exact mate Steve would be having a field
day here there's so many crickets listen
that's like a really annoying noise it
sounds more fight like one of them knows
is a police put in places to try and
scare off youth how big it is cricket
hahahahaha no no no no no no no the more
and more I walk around trying to find a
place to jump off the last chance I'm
feeling is going to be successful I
managed to hike down the mountain found
a completely different hotel and some
dudes camping on it ken what you're
doing first off it's pretty quick quick
quick
what this trick cute cool on trance a
100 euros and you get campers ensuite
$20 credit euros at the bar bottle of
carbon wine selection of fruits and
cheeses yes Jake they Cyril that's
pretty dope oh all right look this is
perfect my dad I bet he was video
incomes it cut myself
refreshing glass of water nice result I
should really just I should go to places
like countries stay at one hotel for two
nights give myself time to look around
and then stay at different hotels and do
different things I'm thinking of doing a
challenge of 72 hours in certain
countries and just seeing what I can
achieve in 72 hours because like the
idea I may do it Joe so pack your bags
were doing it together
thinking I went on a huge Trek turned up
to this other hotel was like wow it's so
far away I walk down the road looked
right and there's my hotel suite
when I last came to Ibiza I stayed at
place called Mia visa and it had the
king-crab as you guys remember it I
probably spent about hundred quid on
king-crab now I'm tempted to check out
this hotel early go over to that one
check in there just so I can eat the
crab Junior
fucking bastards someone's already been
in the really the middle he was making
it my daily missions and steal the
donuts downstairs which are totally free
but still its effect someone else beat
me to it
I opted in for a deep tissue massage I
usually just get like a relaxation thing
but because I both go into spars if you
have a noise it's just so nice to just
feel good but yeah I'm going for a deep
tissue so I'm probably going to get beat
up for an hour
ah the next stop of my day is to reach
the rooftops ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
ba and I'm going to sleep and sit
Deadshot daiquiri on the way by that I
mean a strawberry daiquiri and oh my
gosh look at these chairs yeah oh my god
he could be like a squad I come in with
a squad and just chill doesn't leave you
wait how high that oh my I think I like
a cook an egg on it I'm Sun creme de la
creme gob tan in my to tee off look at
them chat as yet for that it was looking
like 1,800 euros that's pretty much
1,800 pounds to chat or a boat into the
middle of the ocean it'd be nice you got
like drink speed or food I mean snacks
and you're on the boat for eight hours
book if I was with like a group of
people and you just plan it between like
10 people then that's all that bad ball
for one person fuck that
this is where I'm going to be spending
the next hour through my head in this
hall can't wait it's going so fun the
help is what I done that and this is my
little non time I said I put on camera
o'clock he's a little hotter than me and
so on
oh boy oh boy it's not a thumb that
going to fit my junk in that cheap Jesus
it's like a it's like a single restless
thing
good good that massage was really really
good to the point where halfway sweet
massage Jets her around so she did the
top of my body and it was a deep tissue
massage and a bit closely I woke up and
I was like what did you go hadn't known
where she was as I I'm so confused and
that I hope that what happened and she
was like giving you a face massage and
you fell asleep like that means she was
touching my face and I - apologize I
don't know how my eyes that what I've
got now got a
in innovate in the vagary tip
invigorated invigorate invigorate in
vigorous and invigorated P salmon
there's a hot water in the root
innovative in ver gate I thank you in
bigger tube I think I'm high invigorated
I don't say it figured out how I got
right haha I was in the cream see
muscles come because she's out of style
chillin this kind of in the Sun chillin
in a big ass chair look at that and they
brought me my menu
that's a ridiculous decide menu and I'm
the ridiculous
a suggestion it's just the same thing
but they are mad I think it is lobster
lobster ravioli
that's one ravioli ravioli please no
jokes at that meal within about three
seconds that was tasting oh shit
how little Lobster a lot but the meal is
hot was just trying garlic prawns the
sauce is incredible oh my god oh my god
there are ten going absolutely ten
garlic prawns hotels pretty cool because
it's got these genius window balcony but
balcony window because solar panels go
into every single hand room ah
so we get Sun all day long just create
an energy for this for the hotel so it's
so small I never would have further on
the roof yeah sure but it got pools and
like bars and hotels and stuff on them
not on the bloody balcony that's great
okay listen I love this hotel but
there's no night life no nothing to it
the other help help help but I don't
like a hell sell from here got red
lights this hotel over here down there
they've got live karaoke every single
night I really champagne party today
well saw but but my karaoke and
champagne hi
like you looked at what you did you
disappointed look at that I'm back at a
big fancy though again and I'm not at
the racist pirate sound somewhere else
instead a fan a mixed paella I am hi
Ellen yes please
yeah mixed I am or four four four four
four I lost half like ten restaurants
just to get to the plane and I'm
preparing
oh my lord you better know I savage that
I look at Moses obviously oh come on
napkins now that Kim looks like somebody
died that's disgusting
okay I'm gonna put you over that I will
take more of this just pushing them but
dude this how much mess I made
they gave me a bowl of hot cleaning
water sanitation oh my god oh my god
she's like would you like a deserve I'm
a no-good so she was like to take a look
they put the dessert when you don't know
if I found buried elephant salsa fork
saying Bharat relation lucky oh oh my
god Zacky
it's like that K by Devaki okay this is
just not even fair because as a kid I
always wanted these but my mum and dad
never let me have them that's a good
shout about inside so Snickers sweet
about 3.3 years 85 fresh Snickers get at
it yeah you know you're not you when
you're hungry the dessert I have a
chocolate log also known as a okay Nick
Snickers Snickers ice cream yeah I I got
one just because it's my dad's favorite
ice cream and I just kind of like my
favorite ice cream thank that song for
you dad it's so good and this was on my
bed PS the flour butter flour butter
parties do not miss the well-known
flower power parties are real trip back
in time to the best citizens that how
old these guys think I am staying at the
hotel the party the throne Zoltan Ibiza
where I am and for the mentira
for men tada for me regular okay anyway
it looks pretty fun very far away and
his nobody tells him where or how
together
okay great joy thanks without said I am
going to get to my ass in bed I'm going
to sleep I am going to get cozy my PI
yeeah was really nice
I'm so glad I had pie a with that said
the pie he he was great but I must leave
now so thank you very much for watching
make sure you leave a like rating
bribe in dong that better give you all
the notifications of when I move the new
video no soon or small at 6 o'clock
snack sale bug because that's been two
videos in a row that's it on time
fucking genius
so much loves your faces and I'll see
you guys then I saw him in Spain d
