is a currently three o'clock through and
we're just starting our day snack game
stomp on this world oh dude I completely
forgot I literally walked it was like
hey guy oh my god hey oh my god hello
buddy hello stranger
I've not seen you in so long oh my god
he's so big
wow this is why we came to watch all the
adverts oh hell yes what you got there
man what'd you get difference what you
got there the doggy knows there's food I
know mate oh my god I want to be
actually recognizable you probably saw
hates me
oh hell yes whoa you knew me should get
married that's all oh my god 100 chicken
nuggets yes I'm one of these anyway this
is why I love our life the sky we are on
a Super Bowl line good job like just
like that
there she goes wooden are you happy
so goddamn happy hey little carpet doggy
your carpet dougie you happy that the
Eagles won that time to see your IDs
realize nobody I know
oh good ball reunited with my buddy I
guess he like sees that every part is
making big it's okay oh we've had some
memories he's given me some scars okay
time to be impressed by Tucker
this is took his DJ set that Dex DJ
decks can you actually DJ Felli shortest
but more importantly check this out
Tucker has live neighbours upstairs and
obviously like it no my way you live
like you'll probably have neighbors or
you can disturb someone on your family
so Tucker got a sound built Amy's house
how amazing is that like look he's guy's
entire setup in him he's got his self he
screens his lights it's got AC going
into it it's so knows it's massive
weight took her how much does this run
yeah 15 hours but yeah I just realized a
youtuber it's worth its weight as gold
ah pretty dope idea right so you could
just put it into like a room in your
house or something like that
Oh like your carriage or something
you're you can stay warm it you can get
fresh air put into it you like you've
got soundproofing in it as well just
like that evil robot this is legit one
of the coolest things I've ever seen
oh hey look it's the CEO of months to
cut my darlings hood on the day
that's how we're always gonna introduce
it I'm gonna watch right now what is he
actually doing Christmas lights in it
and told you la is the place to be man
Wow
questions why what's that why have you
got a runescape bag you got it
you don't play runescape only cool kids
play runescape yeah my BOTS not by mini
it done good look at how beautiful this
is like nice and open palm you notice
everything but look at his pool
yo I'm pretty sure this is like a
massive hot tub Oh nope that's that's
cool that is indeed that's part of the
pool and that is cold water how nice is
that how nice is that this is nice this
is nice but oh my god this is a nice
fridge holy crap this guy is decked out
with every you got a bit of wine oh my
guys looking good
he's got pre-made meals for himself
like what I need that in my life
he's got me up in here you got sandwich
stuff it got beers but I even got a
brother cabbage rowdy a Craig
proud of you you're all grown up you've
got a fully stocked fridge
he's your grown ass man that's why my
fridges never stopped look at this look
at this fucking bean bag oh my god
did he post it it's again oh my god yes
literally wasting XP right now you'll
ruin it if you're watching this can we
have the mobile beta please yeah I'm
good you buy we have it now did you buy
I didn't lose you've got denied it's
Chris
Archie's fault Chris atcha man you
changed call him out right now someone
tweet and you change men you changed
what are we doing right now really
basically a man down 950 950
you awake now did we do a good job
yeah adults for the record you give
magnificent spoons I'm gonna take advice
from your spoons and pass it on to Lydia
thank you
we've made it to Tatsu ramen no joke the
hands down best ramen place in LA you're
gonna love it
look the dummy ramen one out of ten
compared to this yes that's it yes
seriously yes you ever come here this is
what you get you always get the bald
ramen you get the bowl but you get it
with chicken instead because it's just
amazing like there's so much selection
here it's beautiful you get yourself
some full rice delicious and then you
get yourself or is it worth a drink two
of these always and then and which is it
- hey I'm pulling adults decisions of
Champions so how much comes to Tatsu
ramen yeah you're gonna yeah yours looks
great because it's got green things in
it I removed all my mate I'm about to
I'm literally I'm literally about to
fuck this ramen oh and I'm very happy
Ted okay will you give you out of ten
yeah one slide if you actually finish it
like a man that is amazing I did just
say goodbye to these guys but I guess
you know make sense to drop them off I
guess yo mini don't leak your address on
the internet go go that was a very like
actually feel like a proper Sunday in LA
sorry home at the sorry homies in
England Cow Palace I love you to pieces
but my LA homies I'm telling you
literally the best literally the best me
and Lydia need to move out here we need
to move out to LA we need to find a
house on the beach
Lydia is gonna become a private teacher
that's the point
that's the pun yeah kids she's never
come back I'm gonna make sure she
doesn't come back you better know as
soon as I get home
I'm getting that XP grand going but
tonight has been a really nice night
like I've got with me super super
hungover from yesterday like really
didn't expect it but I woke up and the
reason why the vlog was so late
yesterday he's just I genuinely I
thought I had it the vlog pastel Lydia
woke me up at 9:20 cuz like the vlog
here needs to be live by 10 a.m. for it
to be 6 p.m. in the UK because the time
difference but Lydia woke me up at 9:20
she was like Tommy give vlog and I was
like oh my god and I just felt so
hungover I was so dehydrated I had such
a good diet pot it's so hard that I was
just like the last thing I wanted to do
right now is in front this computer and
edit it like sometimes a little bit in
the videos that I really really enjoy
you know she like trim things like the
way I wanted to like the story to unfold
of the day and like you know clip out
like the boring bit since the father
this morning I was not feeling that
whatsoever nonetheless it is done I have
completed it I appreciate your watching
the vlog was late so you know what I'm
gonna give away a few t-shirts again the
way we're gonna do this dead simple make
sure you're following life
Tom on Twitter and we need to tweet a
wife of Tom account a screenshot of you
turning on notifications and if you like
what is turning on notifications simply
go to the Twitter account and go here to
enable mobile notifications again in
this mainly made sense if you actually
have it downloaded on your mobile phone
if you've got it downloaded I want to
screenshot you having notifications
enabled just tweet a screenshot of it to
at life of Tom and then tomorrow I get
Alice to pick some people to give away
some free t-shirts too so hey that
sounds like a good idea makes you
following life and Tom link will be down
in description dead simple get the
chance to get notified every time I post
a new video and chest with a free
t-shirt sounds like one a massive
shout-out to all 108 thousand people
fall on this account if you guys don't
know like I don't tweet off this account
my actual Twitter is here let me I mean
let me open this up then this is my
actual to a person you could you guys
can find me here and follow me if you
want but the life of Tom Twitter all
this account does like pure and simple
all it does is post out the notification
from when my YouTube video goes live it
posts out a tweet to let you guys know
it's live as well in case like YouTube
so boxes are broken and as you can see
every single post is simply each one up
vlogs that I've done live so if you
never want to miss a vlog make sure if I
last account enable notifications and
you'll be set but it is now like 1254 in
the morning I really can't believe how
late it gets in LA and we're always like
up doing stuff and how and about
everything Lydia's like currently
reading a book I think unless she's like
fast asleep
secretly planning for tomorrow but I
need to stop book it but I can't tell
you what it is until tomorrow but if I
can do it they'll be an amazing amazing
surprise Lydia okay
fingers crossed so in tomorrow's work it
may be really really awesome if not
it'll still be fun but not really
awesome I'll just be really awesome not
really really awesome yeah why are you
doing are you replying to comments I
found you I was going to free my
comments on yesterday's video and I was
just like scrolling through replying to
people and stuff like that and I went
too soon asked when we when we were in
the restaurant why did we switch sides
and the reason why we switched sides is
because the Sun was burning more on the
side of my face so I was like turning
down this side but then this face is up
this place was obviously in the shade so
I know you did because then I switched
side so this side of town is all I even
gotta get that even tan and when I went
to reply to the comment to explain why
it showed someone had already applied
and when I looked as to who it was it
was Lydia on her account the real wife
of Tom that's your account right the
real wife of Tom account had replied to
the comment and explained it so she
reads them she's always watching so you
better know did you enjoy your first
ever Super Bowl I had a really nice time
I'm sure I've never really sat down
watched a full game or kicked it but
it's really good I'm dead proud of my
YouTube homies for like getting involved
like going from my making YouTube videos
to being in ads in the Superbowl it's
just absolutely like yeah it's mental
like my respect you all again took her
thank you very much for having us over
and yeah many it was very nice to see
you again tonight if you've some reason
you're watching Minnie's mom apparently
Minnie's mom watches the vlogs so if
you're watching this right now she's my
favorite much lift your face I hope
you're well your son is doing very very
well for himself he's an awesome dude
he's got his house he's home he's like
also up and he's got a lovely girlfriend
so don't worry he's he's in good hands
we'll make sure he gets taken care of it
I like but I'm gonna go now much love
leave a like rate subscribe ding dong
the notification valve next to it to get
all notifications running a little video
and I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m.
the next day look much love
so the house
