oh all right if there's one thing I can
say
thanks boys this is where I'm cueing her
again five hours later oh the new dawn
it's a new day I'm in the airport I've
made it through security and you're
about to find out where I'm spending my
next five days
take your guesses now and if you were in
my twitch stream the other day where I
accidentally said where I was going
don't spoil anything the next step
you better know I made it we made it
that's kind of go to bed my hotel room
is not this big-ass room but hotel room
isn't ready yet so I'm getting changed
in this little room and then I'm going
getting in the spa
look what it is me mate meeting room
waiting room mini doughnuts oh my god
that's really good
this place is hell knows I don't I beat
it before when I was 18 and I had like a
little raver like you know go and doing
all the Corbin and stuff and it was good
but a lot so the fans decided to come to
a spa in Ibiza yeah if you haven't
gathered by the blogs I love spars rah
this is one night a fighter holy snap
good they even have a miniature size you
want my tit with everything that's
family everything gets smaller smaller
balls to tap and hold interesting
smaller little multiple more that's it
oh my god that's incredible
oh yeah well that's all from a single
okay business centre time to find out
how fast this world
what the hell this is a pretty cool ass
room don't look at everything what is
this
oh hello pencils ah
they've got max knuckle IPC's rating you
down Hotel rating it out out of the
total into a splash section where I can
grab myself some leaves from the to your
company some apples and some water
hmm this is why I am this a proper
five-star spa jeez oh it's a wellness
bar all the others seem rude I don't
know if I can capture this on camera how
crazy this looks
the entire wall just repeats out a
feeding area
oh and chilling area over there and then
three different types of indoor pools
I'm not too sure what each one does 400
feet something in something else
I can truly say that this is one of the
coolest bars I've ever seen in my life
in the other room there's a huge jacuzzi
these people in there that are showing
up I will show you later in here you've
got an ice-cold bus to get in after you
get out of Sona I'm pretty sure this is
dropping ice and ice fountain you got a
the hell is this a Romanian back of your
school and then you saw and that's a
month for something I won't get it
don't know what I'm supposed to do in
his room like a lost child
mmm see okay looking at it so you don't
caught something don't write for like
Baltimore Business whoo okay there's a
kids screaming system for sure
well that pool is not down there but I
think it's very loud and annoying game
apparently I need to try and find out
who the hell owns that boat at first
cocktail of the holiday I'm off to a
good start or I just fell asleep in the
Sun for like two hours I think I'm going
to be extremely burned I'm actually very
impressed with how much of a tan I
caught within like a three-hour period
pretty good hotel room is absolutely
gorgeous
I've ruined my bed already and yeah I
completely forgot to bring a pair of
shorts to Ibiza so I'm stuck with very
heavy thick jeans I could just bragging
spend it and not wear any pants a
beautiful place it seemed incredible
some setting for me
Andy today I didn't get any cool dude
this is laid out like a comics magazine
it is so this is like tapas I don't
quite understand anything I'm going to
pick up this but you know what I'm just
gonna so don't send it to any Spanish
people can you tell me if this is spelt
by all I'm just thinking this but I'm
gonna smoke two chicken breasts it
sounds like the B of the chicken with
the smoke gun smoke it assuming it's
meant to say smoke what's the same time
it could be wrong I am in a different
country
oh I think it does not mess around I got
my time oh if that's my second attempt
of drinking it so forever Oh flower
this is why I came to Ibiza not to raise
not spy hard but just chill out
vibes I was gonna go to make enough but
to stay in Mykonos for like 10 days and
that place was like 10 grand now by
aggressive no just now top salad for
this term
I ordered a plate of mush but it's
incredible gift it looks like Parma ham
rabbis a mix of flavors strong apple jam
in most countries you have your dip your
case ilyich dip with a tortoise in Ibiza
you get even dreams green stuff and you
scoop that each little pocket the green
happiness it's very very very look at
that it wasn't quite expecting shit we
never sure and then not too sure it is
that either make the potato things sour
cream potatoes a cream mmm so you want
my episode of tanked a meatball that
it'll be cilantro deep not nice
yes then the star wasn't key on the
meatball so they brought out some cheese
croquettes don't expect for dessert I
got a lot of soil that is one hell
transition 30 seconds ago I was up on
top of that building into food and now
I'm downstairs thank you to walk around
the premises
nice ass clean at nighttime soap until
midnight
LD 559 times of almond cheese nice
looking hotel Azadi damn Daniel oh my
gosh I need to find out who owns this
boat yo dick yeah dead all right
none not it okay Johnny's on this one
check in the back oh hey this island is
not about Ferraris and Lamborghinis it's
about whatever the hell sighs oh please
come back remember them she's like the
minister Maricruz it is I want it it
almost reminds me of Rome you don't know
what broom is we can be friends oh this
is the big by dogs
I'd be for yachting yachting the friggin
throw the frivolous sure sure on the
surprises on them okay let's go this
something nice a hundred ninety thousand
euros paid that's not bad 125 this is
number I was expecting well loads more
money you're haunted this one oh nine
hundred and sixty three thousand - okay
I know it takes my fancy about this one
eight hundred sixty-five thousand and
then two thousand fifty thousand or bad
that's not bad
think of some a local center near me but
all the restaurant wait
I'm Chinese restaurant what does this
Gary's laser pen shining at my eyes I
was like what the hell was that laser
pen on the floor no other restaurant in
look clearly a club down there raving
the trip suffering just nice get Duma
bought pencil una Aluna fish restaurant
not that not that definitely in that one
day and I'm going to come back in the
day time to show you guys a boat because
the boat we just kind of seen it like
them we see that one because it's near
line but we come back travel all the way
to Spain to be cultured what do I find
minions fucking everywhere I really want
to hate I really want to hate but my
mum's a massive fan so hi Bob
we clearly didn't get the memo about
this being the most lit place to get ice
cream
like those are my thoughts of temperance
an hour behind a plus 11:00 at night I'm
a vegan ice cream I'm sure
wait what live entertainment order what
the hell's going on that because I think
it's dumping grannies or something like
yeah okay then stain so they did the
cloth got done door here someone's gonna
get killed
he's time to say goodnight I push the
button goodbye good night now goodbye
now
good nice now goodbye ah well I think
tomorrow my vlogs are gonna start
getting back on track we might be like
like that and the reason is because I've
been streaming quite a lot whilst I've
been home so the blog has been like 10
minutes when they usually sometimes like
30 minutes so I've been streaming a ton
so that stopped me from vlogging and
then when I've been travelling over here
I pretty much slept all day like II see
I fell asleep in the Sun hopefully not
too somber tomorrow
so I looked and saw and came back to our
room fell asleep in the room and I've
just been like like two days of sleeping
the entire time even on the plane I fell
asleep so I didn't tell me anything on
the plane so yeah tomorrow my vlog
should get back on track I just be
normal
Tommy Cyndi blogs we will see however
I'm going to a spa for like two hours so
I'm probably gonna fall asleep again
that's just a lack of time really so
it's a nice new day in Ibiza if you
haven't guessed yes I mean I'd be four
by now who kind of gave it away few
times when I filmed a few signs and
stuff for none of you detectives seem to
notice at this time so I'm going to now
now go so make sure you leave like rain
subscribe
ding dong that Bell seeing this never
miss a notification of a vlog and
hopefully and we're trying our best have
every single vlog while from on this
holiday uploaded by 6 p.m. so until then
thanks for watching
spawn into a Instagram LinkedIn
description I'll see you guys then a
deal I'm insane as all that that
actually makes sense
