ah as seven o'clock in morning
I am tired look maybe it's nearly eight
o'clock in my book I don't used to be
awake this early grown-ass man doing my
daily chores
Oh daily weekly must take the bed out to
me but fear view fear
suddenly shake Yulin mom my roads
completely dead there's like nobody
awake and nobody doing anything why
would I sleep naked I'd like someone
replied like my old neighbor goes I like
that ah people did not believe me last
time when I said okay the brown bin in
England or in my local area is for grass
leaves and shit like that the green bin
is for everyday waste like I don't know
diapers and stuff like this blue is the
paper and the black is recycled plastics
now I know this used to be the waste one
but it's not anymore because this is a
big event I want you to recycle more so
they upgraded it so you've got more room
to recycle and less rooms away so it's
not from being like how Dario bastard
John Snow put it in the wrong bin now
you know I've dated your faces nailed it
good morning house good morning garden
Molly trees come on and gate you really
need cleaning
you've been aggressively pooped on for
years just oh just so sorry for it and
this shrubbery needs removing
it's nice but it's dead sorry about that
and whatever the hell happens you're
like an afro-caribbean
plant well you're not really you just
look trippy so I like it it is now 8:00
10:00 in the morning I'm shutting this
door go on into my office I don't think
I'm gonna stream eh what do you want
although mmm 10:51 in the morning vlogs
upload this bag has been it absolutely
ages and a gentleman who gave it me is
going to know why story time
oh boy what is it oh look at that look
at that this bad boy hooked me up with a
gorgeous boys try we design no me
holy shit these are no in here alright
Twitter Henry Henry Bennett happy
birthday Tom bro thank you oh and spare
visors we'll pull you up
dude I don't know why I decided to give
me this I think you may have got a new
one and just gave me the old over
something but oh my lord this is a nice
looking foil a design how many if you
don't know what try yes go from out on
it already
thank you brother that would be really
helpful to me thank you if you're
wondering what the hell is this is this
for motocross or something like that no
this is fucked I don't know if you use
it from others I don't think so I don't
think it's the same standard but this is
a download mountain bike helmet or a
full face book as you call it and it is
pimp as shit dude thank you so much I do
believe that it gave it to my gardener
was just like hey can you give this to
Tom or bumped into someone at the club
like can you give this to Tom
nonetheless dude how Henry I got it made
and this is beautiful I kind of don't
want to wear it it's that nice and just
put it on a display somewhere because
look how shiny blue is face so sick when
I was a kid growing up my always
all-time favourite helmet was trial you
designed so - thank you so much for that
man I appreciate it a lot
I'm going another day rock in the eye I
don't know if this is the Chicago Bulls
or it's just a team got the balls but
I'm going to another day rock and a half
and if you're wondering why it's because
I'm probably gonna ride a motorbike
again today and I'll have helmet hair so
they don't probably spiked my hair up I
might as well just wear it is actually
8:45 in the morning but don't worry
about that let's focus on K get away DK
lesson on D Crossin to Carson thank you
for subscribing 39 once in a row
what the heck
hi Mike
oh hi mark alright now I'm going out I'm
going Sam and we seen Sam Cassell
it's his kids reward date and then I'll
going bowling
Ashton mosque and he invited me yeah
kids are like 16 yours you watch my
videos and stuff so yeah so it's reward
day ended up bowling now it's like you
know perfect attendances go so I'm going
up the ball now and we're going to kick
your ass
10:51 in the morning vlogs uploaded has
now spiked up seeing as I'm going out
and fingers crossed I can make in time
to go bowling with my cousin so oh my
god either real city get your the real
city kid is that acidic it shirt you're
wearing oh my god oh my god you're gonna
sick speech Ben oh sorry man oh okay
Matt I'll take your car man I'll take
your fucking car thanks bro okay fuck
yeah oh boy I just this is this is the
summary of Cassell's were useless I
pulled up to bowling
Simon text me she was get a word just
motion bowling great stop not bowling
today I should have brought my granddad
with me she's gone in a bowl my gun
doesn't itch so close yet so far however
I really want to go bowling some in the
mood for it so just rang to my granddad
and said what the hell you doing and
he's like look like oh my oh my right
shit together
comedian ball in a lava gamer ball and
his first time I think is bald and what
do you say 15 years so I'm gonna go get
five guys wait for my granddad and then
go bowling
Simon Cassell you didn't stop shit today
I'm still gonna ball oh you better know
I'm gonna go for things a little bacon
cheeseburger why did wash it
fix it a little bacon cheeseburger
imagine having this in your house look
at how many different drinks you can get
look at this it's ridiculous
and I'm keeping it simple though I'm
just going with plain old because all
the cold calls you can get as well
they look full and then you kick it back
in it's done got my five guys waiting
for my dren that's up there and nowhere
hopefully come to the right place I
guarantee he won't and then going to
kick you down mm-hmm and my cousin mr.
Cassell as you guys may know him to be
the teacher asked me to bring him over
cheeseburger I said yeah sure
you can go fuck yourself down she didn't
wait to meet go bowling with you no
bowling no bug oh yeah oh yeah a little
bacon cheeseburger oh yeah we held up in
yours and that different ketchup I have
to just pause real quick and tell you
how amazing this burger is even the
jalapenos they're not soggy
they're spicy the 10 out of 10 per cart
is fucking god there he is looking ha ha
ha ha
Aries don't crash into my grafic are
gondor's please don't need us today not
today mate not today God I need to get
my car wash it bit further forward
perfect
wait yes is your lesson boring yeah no
here's what the fuck oh my god right go
on in you go kid oh this this went from
bad to worse first of all you're here I
didn't get the ball with you now my
granddad there I don't get the ball my
Grunder because a schools come in a book
for the lanes so two o'clock
you have to get to the fetcher is 250
people come in here who every single
lane is filled on
oh my god how about you shoot your mouth
alright shut your mouth mr. Cassell
fucking nipples that's what you've got
bigger oh no that is even more I got you
dude I met all these kids it was like
boy even remember now just got even more
kiddin even more of them boots just
crazy look at it it's like a young older
than pissed
well 250 people just came in and invaded
the bowl in our way
look how many kids there are there come
on a worse day dig a worse day it would
have worked out perfect
yeah but Simon messed it all up I got a
bit why do you think you beat me at
bowling you get any juggler why do you
think this is the thing because you told
me I did not say if you beat me you get
four exaggerate I know that that was a
bad but I'm not sure I surprise you
what shall I you score at bowling you
don't know well guess what mine is 161
yeah get on my level
girls resume no it's not a beating in
their cars is 159 yeah I'm being caught
and get an iced latte it's really nice
try try wanna try a New York attempt to
go mr. cool I'm liking your style
brother where'd you get those shades
from you actually look really badass
kind of and I'm not being psychotic
badass cool you look too cool looking
you like it I'm struggling to get into
strawberries were mean we're going to
the trying vanilla latte iced vanilla
latte to be specific there sir yup I'm
in I'm in right so stir it up stir it up
we straw a let's go here we go
beautiful nice innit nice to drink it
cold
yeah may you look so cool haha
talk about perfect timing have you been
here for a while
yes um yeah probably just oh I have a
new toy first of all he do a massive
thank you to triumph er ah yes oh you
gotta be kidding me
oh my god running away with me bike
bloody hell
oh yeah as long it'll follow around mate
that is a beast
yep yep
try be open was like Tom do you want a
bike now I was like yes absolutely
so I've got one of the streets gambler's
we sell it me to me mate perfect timing
and now got a fun new toy and triumph I
was not expecting this give me a badge
and goodies as well I think all riding
stuff a Lego a triumph hat I don't want
that straightaway aren't you learning a
new - new pair of boots an obviously ask
me what size bin Sam though I'd be
impressed if if somehow guess what size
of it yeah click see deck we got the
right sized shoes and evidence Wow try
he does not have to do this at all
Wow put the foremost I do have to do a
massive shout out to Neil thank you very
much for organizing this you had a
contact at triumph and was just like my
guy rides motorbikes and cars and stuff
like that but they were like did he see
what a bike refers to like to use for a
while and he made it happen what it is
be a beautiful love the mirrors making
it weird to get used to really small
things oh listen to this listen
oh my god drive thank you so much
holy shit this is not like a sponsored
video or anything
they just gave it me I had asked for it
I'm not being paid to promote it they
literally just lent me a bike we're
talking ish look at this riding jacket
make you've got go proper classically
all padded up leather jacket throw
smells brand-new to ages and they're
just the track one there in the Galleon
cup in the solid just talking about
yesterday getting a proper pair of
riding pumice proper riding jeans then
oh my god I hope they're the right size
alright I didn't give them all my sizes
II didn't nail this bunch of t-shirts
some of these are cigar enjoy enjoy
friends because you love psych so we'll
hook them up without but thank you
triumph thank you so much that guy's
tell you what though
beautiful weather variety oh my gosh I'm
going to be a high knees and try these
on the 35 minutes later I'm in going
that I do I look they look smart safe
yeah yeah alright comes to buying that
jacket on you know what take it for
Drive Neil you've all got one thing to
say thank to the heart oh I still saw we
are saw the triumph at weather every
event I go to and stuff like BMW gave
him a hot jag you a gave me a hat and my
dad just takes the house so you need to
have onions oh he's balding oh I feel
like the Terminator in this Jackie like
I went to boots your clothes and your
motorcycles and yet my dad just to
recall what it sounds like so enough of
the road watch me style on camera
drive it up the road back down and then
office in the get original and this is
my helmet for now I need an altar I need
a traditional old helmet rather than
that because that's a bit too modern
stop
beautiful now we wait for Alice to walk
through that door and then I go to start
up the engine and she's going to hear it
raw I'm giving him remember but remember
remember remember him and all of you
time she'll get it what is she going to
think what she's going to think what's
the reaction gonna be she's going to
like it she's gonna love it you're gonna
hate it
Dada Dada Dada Dada she gave me
everything you give me the coat
good pun oh dear God can you show
everyone what you actually a lot like oh
you're my baby
no he's getting a jockey riding a block
I don't know I definitely need it in
black nobody's not yeah
he's black bro well I'll go get rid of
them can walk devil really anything to
do Caroline what the hell attempt in
there not next to your son thank you bye
let's have a look triumph Mon no help me
though not to try your realm it I could
try yeah
I think it's addictive kicked you out
what not saying you like a proper Alex
I'm I'm grateful for getting there by I
got my own
look at you what do you think of it
Tommy did you need a new outlet into the
sound
goddess in it I like how you already
burnt your leg on things on opiate so I
get what do you think from your a bike
person so when it came out right and it
was black I was so off because I thought
they might have sent me green I wasn't
keen on green yeah something wrong I'll
be so happy with it anyway bought it
rides like absolute beef by God change
what Alex I Drive it it's a proper
classy bike in it I definitely need to
get rid of the helmet that's not just
around
you've never been on one I think you a
month I'll take them all by a little bit
mummy the best
oh my god I'm riding along with this in
the back you know so now I'm a cup
frequently okay they proper all
brand-new everything they gave me like a
market and Massey swag package yeah this
is all that armored look so all this all
this protection this is what you're
supposed to ride with so my mum's just
taking out like the thermal layer inside
so it's a bit cooler when I'm riding
yeah these cool right Kevlar if you took
like a good boy yeah but if you whipped
me along the floor like to poke we drop
my mum if you dragged me along before in
the genes
it would just leave like a major scratch
it wouldn't listen given the leg and you
all right well I don't know about early
I'm wearing bulletproof coffee penny gee
yeah sick gene and you can put like you
know that rubber you just are in the
shoulders you can put this padded rubber
this like really good great but you put
it in like on there and on your shins
and stuff yeah oh that I know okay see
you on yesterday everyone said that I
just put the same design on are you
supposed to do this more well that's
what I thought what else would be but
sure you're just gonna rip at about no
because they really should be inside you
boobs
yes going to be shocked that sure is
what's one of your sock thought they're
so big that was like there's no Eddie
problems you can actually put the Maki
don't mean I was going to say I probably
cut Muslims about any recommendations of
a night owl mix that can go that would
go with this try no don't go sending me
like alien vs. predator helmets which
are sick like if you got any modern
looking sorry some old school book
modern tech helmet
again old school about to decide feel
free to tweet them at me I know I've got
what IQ is here
I know ever was between multiple not
that professional right I'm not six-foot
hundred for God's sake but maybe one day
mature ponder what I'm sweltering top
feels great like this is it nice and
airy but oh my gosh these jeans whoo
I am I've got some sweaty bollocks ever
meant to say base well exam hmm yeah I
got that wrong I just cannot get over
how truly magnificent this thing is even
even like this little grill thing over
the light it gorgeous it rides like a
beast upon a fox 400 miles on it be
honest I just rolled around that many
different places on it I paused but 100
miles on it and I've had it three hours
wow what an absolutely start now is good
helmet and I'll be rocking and rolling
style man climbing Mount Kilimanjaro and
all this gear is not fun
I tell you off my knee is so bust up
right now I'm gonna have to think some
pain medicine riding my bike yesterday
like wore out my knee a little bit and
then riding it again today
oh man every every traffic light I was
at I was just I was just a stretch arm a
leg and stretch I'm like just sticking
up here to buy just to try and give my
leg around painful but oh my gosh get me
out of this John oh my gosh is caught up
dead 28 degrees and down here HD wound
good morning I mean good afternoon in
here oh my god I've got huge ACR what
kind of days got an 18 very AC unit
blast in a way oh my god ah a tavern the
tavern I need to aim a butt crack at
that AC unit oops
these things will surely save my skin
and probably save my life but ah oh
there's this real good again today
frost what game subscribe for 32 months
in a row what the actual how much love
brother think beards holds the record
foods just subscribed
for 46 months in a row I am pretty sure
that is the highest subscriber count'
ever on this channel oh my god my gosh
thank god I've got electric bike and
just try to extend and my knee just
completely where I couldn't pedal in
this life in the slightest at all and
like an ounce of strength into it if I
didn't have this electric bike now I
want to be a pedal I was just saying how
old is your bike sighs sighs what this
is how the techs improved Oh on it like
maybe you're really solid 15 it's always
50 so this is 15 years of progression
big thick frame the old school looking
suspension loving it and then to fully
carbon-fiber doubt engines electric
engine on it looking mind this is my
claim to fame it go on explain
explaining you that is my father
yeah - all my father is - my father my
father is a most stubborn person in the
world I'm going for that go and sell
them out tell them how up you run every
day so 52 years yeah Ron hill I should
have had some guests Oh guess in the
comments down below your dad is like the
real forest company we just kept running
and running and running we're all wrong
wrong yard will their God
oh is that so flip it
Harold ask for the job will build with
you our house
no no I owe you how you calling that hey
man thanks for chilling out and relaxing
for a bit oh yeah bye dad
so glad I could join you
thanks for letting me wear in okay bye
then you're the only person let me show
you tried to get in touch me we know
each other yeah this is how you try to
get in touch of me on Google+ she said
hey Mitch pajcic Twitter mate
honest to god I almost bought that
really don't I never knew anyone used
Google books to know like the weirdest
thing in the world but this guy right
here is genuinely whether all these
friends are half how many how many hours
did you spend on calls you fought like
my mum said like come on going to a
night out on Saturday you having a run
first guys ring do get me shiny Jess
song from chicken yeah fucking saw them
sticking and yeah and we'd literally go
to Tesco spend like boy quit on shit
monsters rock stars all sorts cool and
we play Cod for get racing to tempura
seeds boosted in cage matches Rainbow
Six Vegas wrong dude
I'd like a throwback to mean today we're
talking about all this is it what's cool
I haven't seen you forever lacrosse like
after winter city will been the legend
you critiquing my bus posture with you
or how am I supposed to do it oh hi Ana
Lucia yeah we know it's never gonna
happen like better I just pick a game my
boy Ben is an absolute did I don't guy
just completely hooked me up I did not
know he was working in this life or
anything do just hope it with a free
ticket rezoning holy just realize that I
didn't even tell you guys what I went to
see I went and saw what of the Planet of
the Apes and oh my gosh is that an
incredible film 11 out of 10 out you say
yes you have to see the other movies you
don't have to because it kind of catches
you up a little bit but I would
recommend seeing other films and seeing
that because it's an 11 out of 10 I
don't think I've ever given a movie at
11 out of 10 one more time I'm going to
say thank you today's vlog but not just
to try for like just hooking it with a
bike like no require
or anything they would just like that
bike male managed to hook up and a cool
experience happened to me riding a bike
that never thought I'd probably get the
chance to ride in my life so I really
really appreciate that but more
importantly thank you guys for watching
these videos because like you know think
about like if I wasn't doing blogging
people were watching the videos things
like this would never be possible you
know like cool experiences that going
off like a family myself like my dad or
anything like that like it just wouldn't
be able to happen and what I really
loved about yesterday's vlog at the end
I was like hey take a photo and show me
where you're watching the vlog or you
know who you watch it with and all that
and like people were sending pictures
like with their kids or a family you
know it's like they would like a 50-year
old couple like 30 year old couples like
you know 12 you look like also at the
age range of this audience is amazing
and I love that fact it's a fact I like
I love that fact it's so diverse and I
just want to thank you again for taking
your time to watch my daily life it's
the life of Tom that's what it is
sometimes it's fun sometimes boring
sometimes I want to Netflix and chill
sometimes want to go throw myself out of
the plane so it is one is but Mutchler
two faces I'm going to start my day now
and I'll see you guys tomorrow six cram
for the next daily blog so make sure you
subscribe ding dong that Bell like the
right like like button or the thumbs up
button I would call it a rating and
everyone says they don't know what a
rating is the formal yes tomorrow 6 p.m.
