there seems to be a small chance to
consent my back screaming oh my quirks
hey that's much gonna get trimmed
morning Steven well you're looking a
little hell and yeah you did not need
any of them small crickets or through
enough right
alrighty that's why I've got a novice
feeling fresh with a new climate looking
good feeling good feeling yeah I think
this like father like son
oh yeah oh right away and got this yeah
nice one can a silver taught you up
shrimpers are you ready our got my pan
Turner Bart listen there's somebody quit
oh yeah yeah on Amazon you go to 62
bells kill you back I don't know I
receive is okay we don't contact I might
began a cat so enjoy what may be my view
chicken I'm secure so if you get an
elite like not for me but have you get a
many nicknames for now we're trying to
sing about guitar lucky for the whole
time
oh my launcher door oh no no okay thank
you okay
that is adorable you like pockets are
and I think you okay oh my God look in
this oh yeah I love it
oh do this a good girl
yeah that's 100 Kelvin well no one's
gonna 1/2 girl again silver boy the fire
thing okay
oh hello yes register oh no I before she
gets me him my strange Tiger you -
yeah I don't know how to feel about that
sigh my food come on oh no you know no
way Quinn wait I'm saying the size of
this one compared to that one it's
unreal the Balkans oh where are you
going Oh moonlight what are you doing
I'm sorry ok oh ok so what if the ears
are just beautiful is this God just one
fold in it but yeah yeah so I just one
fold so children just like knock it out
yeah hi hi hi I'm milk got it super yeah
oh she is really you're gone and I call
this cats just eaten and then there's
more kappa billion like oh my gosh hello
I think this one is a really chill cat
it's so relaxed right now oh and all
even usable nails oh look at this ok I
wonder what was reacting to the scene
itself
0:01 um if you've got my father's yeah
it's happened in the game yeah yeah yeah
there we go
videos just easier any video in the
phones hello you okay oh sorry
quick Duke dad you go okay don't fall
off the tower yeah oh she is adorable
she is really horrible but I got caught
with a name for Scottish kilt but
Jamin injuries oh this one's a pain to
take it out yeah I love this one
you know her she's got an amazing colors
and personality like mom at the silver
spot how last letter Josie picture would
you grow up in - yeah wait that's what
the pattern will come out like what we
thought it is oh you are gorgeous
okay oh you are look at living come back
and you're gonna know I think he was
over here I'm a real nice looking car
this one is all double lies
yes everybody's not alternative are they
both of them
it was make sure my dog sunnyville rain
here then click with the help something
in the foot weld is so nice and love
oiled
I love it okay to the record if you go
through a tunnel and don't hold your
breath
there's something wrong with ya you
ready I got prep I decided to grill on
breath this mathematical I am going in
the hole in 3 2 1
oh never that there's a cab at the
castle can Arvin castle where I did a
meet-up here in Wales with all the fans
that was an amazing meal I did not know
just off to the rocky Sue's Chinese
restaurant this is where I've come all
the way to Wales to eat here tonight oh
gosh
what a beautiful place so I visit the
cat was so far out that I knew in Wales
who had a restaurant here like it used
to all it but apparently still the same
chefs and everything so I'm heating here
for a little bit and I'm going to see
you sir got any good so I get sauce on
the chicken and it better get basic so
I'm taking some time chips some have
mushrooms you do wanna thank you push it
that's good that's really nice so I can
say you did a good job with food tonight
overall you get an eight point five so
that's alright I'm not going to judge
everything on this laughs a whether or
not the baby likes me anymore
so this is the were in way or might as
well stay in the castle ride Ruth in
castle grant is so obsessed with
spur-of-the-moment trips right now let's
just go here and do this and it's like
rather than go all the way home it was
like why wouldn't you stay in a castle
yes I'm sorry for declaring war on the
Welsh the other day but the Welsh must
be feared some reason it's got better
lighting on this front facing camera so
you see it no okay okay I made it too
much what that and this place is most
likely probably a hundred percent gonna
go ahead and sit here and vote for the
night poor to be up with someone to
check me into the room and until then I
sit here doing nothing
but way for a ghost to attack me lady's
face looks absolutely normal in the
mirror she looked terrifying
why why does I think if I get low be
closer what she looks like
wait what was it like a dude terrified
look normal lady face evil-looking this
what I want to stay here and stay here
OOP you scared me out there I've jumped
at three times now see I'm an oblate I
mean I'm an unbelievable no like every
times even boot well there's only one
room which is a temperature change or
protects me yeah I will admit that and
is it what we rien to avoid but it is
still wrong but it's not that one cream
- tea - um yeah stay in a castle
I just thought screw try not know
exactly the buffets are on the picture
just just grabbing and showing the fight
but it instead of the cousin this
is the international test for whether or
not this place is haunted or not
yeah I'm gonna dodge that just look at
Wow
Wow look this is awesome even when
someone got ripped against wall by ghost
it dragged up to the ceiling
wow he's good Brown wait well what well
we don't care well Wow yeah well if this
video Cameron just gets found my name's
Tom syndicate last you shot and I made
the most of it I stay to the castle yeah
thank goodness for that new job new day
didn't get killed by ghosts little bit
there was some spooky happenings in the
night did a some Greeks did some crooked
crannies and it was pretty spooky but
you unless I survived plus the castle
for first-time buyers I was kicked off
the bucket list
and on to the next adventure leave a
comment where I should stay next next
time and I also take a night-vision
camera and film it so much love to your
faces I love you all as always and I
will see you guys tomorrow at around
plus 6 o'clock and until then make sure
leave likely subscription why subscribe
ding dong that Bell get your
notifications when they're ready
available for your past somewhat after 6
o'clock and I will see you guys from all
over the next nine o'clock what's wrong
harder
