oh are you peeing oh oh no your food
well that was two and stout don't eat
your foot what are you doing where you
doing stop it
am I tired
it's one miserable-looking Dana light
district but you know what the leg disk
was nice it's a late district and as a
leading expect early May look at where
I'm staying
I'm truly in the middle of body law a
nice little a breakfast put together we
have them all bran cereal and fruit and
ham and a flap arms just have this
conversation I was the one when you make
toast do you put jam on or you put
butter then jump you basically do you
pre-booked jump and I don't think that's
sacrilege toast and jam straight away no
butter
Mamiya yesterday got 1 out of 10 but
this breakfast looks like it's bad
enough it's 10 outta 10 mm-hmm
like pudding if no one knows the black
pudding is can someone let people know
in the comment down below there's a bit
nicer to the hunk of that what a grand
old Lake wanna try and get Bowen School
class and Souter oh there's a loch ness
monster there but that's the wrong place
oh so I had it involve our grandson
upload it right now I usually upload in
1080p and not going to happen in the
middle of nowhere so I rendered it out
in 720p and it still says it's going to
take over 10 hours trying to blow the
internet speed here is incredible 0.16
upload oh my gosh that basically means I
cannot upload my vlog
with this connection so I even have to
drive all the way back to the service
station I stopped on the way because I
had really fast 4G oh I have to try and
find to my local back and go this
struggle is real my gosh this is vollis
Buddhism at the pool gummer nice trees
oh dear
Wow Oh God crows back up well this is
one cozy ass room they put me in a
looking bed and then gave you some food
they gave me a biscuit which looks like
it's been nibbled a shot of green stuff
that's definitely not tequila and a
refreshing hydration glass of water you
can't make this sort of circumstance up
I'm in there talking to either members
of stuff like how do I find that the
best place to internet which town should
I go to to get 14 shoes I get 4G inside
this little room here and I was like I
was like no and she was like if you sit
in the corner yep you'll get 4G I was
like nah it's not working and she's like
oh you win I'm like Vodafone she said
well I'm with EE and I get 4G I like can
I borrow your phone so I borrowed a
phone and tethered from her phone and I
loaded the wog in about five minutes so
stole it did it look at me look so
greasy they put on this really nice
smelling oil imitation just went like
thirty minutes
this money oh my God look at this Oh
so nice oh don't you dare push me I'll
fight you oh my god
I had no idea this was in here
holy shit oh yeah see a room a room
where you won't see anything because you
feel cool oh sure the night that's all
cool that looks nice and hot I can see
the steam coming up it all on a ton of
it how much fun a little speakers hot if
it's not ready
oh it's gorgeous look back hmm what a
very nice spot though really enjoyed it
very nice the hot about cybers gorgeous
feeling just introducing Tom hmm into
the wedding going I show up like this
hi guys I'm Tommy I'm your evenings
entertainment that looks nice
oh that expands the client experience
like in with a hawk walk fly a bird of
prey
lemur encounter meet the meerkat and
keeper experiences
oh cool is that I can't like a sheep I
mean she's like an elephant has sex with
a hippo what are you really though what
actually are you Oh dad's a little pig I
guess that's mom and dad that's a little
pig a little back piggy little piggy
look when it's good I can be kind of got
some well yep they definitely don't
respond like a dog that's for sure good
pig oh oh my god it's well ruff I can
tell that you like metal hello little
Dale metal Peggy look at that look at
you
hello
and no oh stroke to pick little small
pig heard him cook
get it get it - this is not a good idea
because you can eat through bone right
Pig you want these two little things
there you go you can have them oh my
gosh it's not a micro pig that's just a
fat pig
your barber fuck me up I got you hello
that do you speak you're talking one no
started Oh what haha squad goals right
there look at that
Oh your arms are so many isn't me you
guys are all trying to eat the food and
you're just like we in the food get this
one now black guys
let me get to the good stuff Oh ah yes
yes yes I know
hello echo on where you can see the
reflection no are you doing you
high five I got yes oh my god you are
adorable
I would do anything to be able to pass
you right now when an electron monkey
not a monkey it's a monkey
did you another you for the cabbage or
like this you are wondering here only
three of them away going are you doing
Oh Topsy speech I think us drunk is
going to go let's cut this guy's gonna
also get out cool and that always gonna
make it there's so much food behind you
oh hello where you going so an adventure
God what are you doing okay bye 99% sure
that this is from America yeah an actual
emblem of the USA whatta hell are you
doing here
oh my guess is not messing with you
tawny eagle hello oh you don't look as
badass as the other guy but you look
quite nice you're quite cute you're cold
as well I'll just hang down don't let
you go mate you need to start working
out and so do you guys because this guy
is
all Golden Eagle wouldn't even what
fucking on steroids look like something
out of a horror film here a turkey
vulture I don't like you
no offense like cool know that wow
that's a big one what caps caps of
Kuching I didn't say that right boy
hello hey mate I'm just going to say I
know there's electric lines on there I'm
pretty sure you can injure your way out
of this place
okay one two three hello
what are you doing where are you going
ah going where you going where you going
how are you doing is stretching go on
make a black-and-white ruffed lemur
hello hello guys oh oh this one's going
on for a go a lot go online go for it oh
oh and this one just like oh that's nice
guys I'm all by myself again whatever oh
oh no way
yeah are you real you're actually real
what oh my god Charlie Charlie
oh this park is amazing oh how did you
all come from oh my god what is that big
that's not full can you let go you just
let it go just let it cruise look at it
she's chillin make this part even
readily amazing this is so good look at
it monkey monkeys model good this guy
we're doing I'll hook it up this is
amazing I'm drew hey buddy you okay
you okay now oh you look so sad when
touch um no oh well yeah oh my god that
looks human fucking human whoa hey maybe
not so much that but that looks human
okay bye that guy hated me he was not
impressed
oh no breeding purse
1:7 says oh no he was full while you
always look ahead no rocket not a weird
hooded vulture oh that kid I want to see
Wong tiptoeing in muscles just Cena back
oh we gonna be going back going back are
you always hey guys
oh look at the triple hug you so cute oh
my gosh your eyes look crazy but you're
all very nice elements so much lips your
faces finish nope Gua Gua no brah blonde
no hello hello you're clearly an ostrich
though I don't understand
I'd say whatever you want ostrich you're
basically just a painted horse that that
that's pretty much what you are don't
deny it
you are they have red pandas here oh
yeah I can see ha ha yeah don't you -
whoa didn't injure this guy grew on that
okay if I get I cravat that is like a
genuine Acura nice nice I get it eons
just don't do is bike didn't know I
think even questions so not the go
no no yes yes hello
why are you doing any friend you're the
smallest little thing in the world I
just wanna pick you up in my pocket
what is your damn problem
what what what I know lol s are you
doing
hello are they sorry some analysis oh he
walks over knee I've got to get this guy
running on camera when you release the
most amazing thing ever come on come on
I want to see you running or if you run
towards me you're the cool whatever
she's on your walk
54 years old oh my god wait how old's
that one I just keep jumping around oh
you can tell kya yeah clearly young me
yeah oh that's so cute
oh boy what are you doing she's running
approached him oh you like you want me
yeah I'm comfortable really oh you go
girl
I need a back way what's up why don't
they just gang up against him hey if you
like the Alpha I don't know given the no
little kid basically Oh doing play look
at me I know look at that
what are you doing what are you doing I
know you're just trying to eat me I'm
not gonna let you ah
oh my god that's the one that's it what
are you doing hello hello hey boy let me
oh look at that oh look much
hello hello hello hello hello mate West
whoa calm down Tony okay oh look at me
look watch it licks me look Nick I
stopped going for me
hello no I know you're trying to get me
hello hello hello oh that's nice
oh yeah going looked at like that finger
Oh wonder what's in here no nothing just
two thingamajig isn't fucking going for
it oh Jesus got going on I have to say
this right now this place is incredible
it's just right around the corner from
the hotel stay that cost nine quid for
like an adult forget in and it was truly
one of the best wildlife parks I've ever
been to that was so good the staff was
super nice I just got like a cake and
stuff for the row but like that was such
a nice experience that I just thought
that I was going to see what's in the
area and it was brilliant
oh good there is the best thing ever
swear to god this is the longest
corridor in the world hmm it looks much
I feel so much apart from the spot
that's not too much this is a
nice-looking men using two rules that
awarded restaurant you got this the
start is I'm thinking of going either
for the crab offered a parfait and then
I'm going to go for Dennis and that's
something that confuses me so dessert
I'm not too sure whether it's just an
ice cream on my plate because if it is
I'm taking it big jam jam rice pudding
the difference between a Michelin star
restaurant and a rosette restaurant that
minimum one to happen.you nine different
types of bread this one you get a mini
loaf this soup gone
Scottish is your piece of petition under
this exclusively all bloody has a thick
soup wasn't expecting a bone in my fish
or that is a lot of parfait another lot
of red this is some bit of a bottle it
looks like a starter but it's a main
course
oh so this is the venison with the
things quiche as usual for dessert lemon
hat Desna macaron white chocolat Magnum
jam jar I love rice pudding but this
comes served cold so I'm not too sure
Appleby creamy cheese origin and then
what's this for six Anthony bloody I'm
sorry six panel four pence per person
and we for dessert I went to the white
magnum as you can see they dropped a
piece of paper on the top of it not sure
what that's do never we'll put it back
very nice
please be good please be good please be
good
it went all over there was like a
toenail oh my god not sure if this is
edible this my absolutely paper this has
to be said I usually collect my hotel
teeth and I love doing that it's like a
memory to me cuz usually did your card
this one isn't quite a digital pad it's
a metal wait but you may not understand
how heavy this is like look pair of
jeans look at this this big fucking
weight in your pocket just doesn't look
right at all and listen to when you drop
it make this thing is heavy this is the
most stupid I swear this is a wine stop
would you know of home I'm chilling out
on my drive I'm sitting in the Sun in
all black for we're not the best idea in
the world but I'm getting myself a
suntan because it is a gorgeous Sunday
probably gonna do some live streaming of
some pub battlegrounds or maybe The Sims
and just enjoy the rest of our day so
guys alright thank you very much for
watching I hope you all enjoyed it make
sure you leave a like rain subscribe and
if you haven't done ding dong that Bell
and tweet me a picture of you ding dong
in that belly goes from looking like a
bell to a vibrating Bell so but I just
want with but I'm gonna wrap this up
here guys so thank you very much for
watching much work and I will see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
daily vlog ish I hope and think hot
