I went to bed at 7 a.m. last night
because I couldn't sleep I think you
just woke me up yeah you can have to
stay trapped out there aren't you
power cut now I'm just messing with you
I'll open it oh good morning Jesse
Stephen ego first thing add a little
drop water on your nips no don't want it
okay I knew you'd like a little bit of
this water look at you you're like hand
watering you all you have to do is stick
your head down and this wall animate
trust me you can get to it look at this
Oh cutest cutest bearded dragon ever
we're starting today off a bit of a
peculiar way and I'm saying this right
now dad you're watching it I'm convinced
my dad took my keys to my car because he
needed a lift to get to a certain place
called press person went to pick up his
car I need to however go somewhere my
dead granddad was available so my
granddad took him but I think that my
dad took my keys so I couldn't drive my
car so I just had to get my spare key
instead so mm-hmm this is where I'm
spending my day today not like my whole
day just about hopefully 15 minutes till
easily turn into an hour which returning
to two hours which returning to me
wanting to shoot myself
nonetheless I got unicorns Griffin's
entities let's go I am now entering well
I guess wine what food heaven hallmarks
incentives is the boat I tell you so I'm
not have just add one of my favourite
interactions with a viewer in my life I
just bumped into someone called Jordan
his girlfriend and he was I was in KFC
and he still runs like his government
Seneca determines life it couldn't
believe that was behind him but it got
10 times better because I said hello you
know not to me alive I promise I'm not
stalking you just like making him giggle
and stuff and then the guy with me no
Joe I watched you when you did the
Minecraft Project and when I used to do
signs on the wall like 500,000 people
used to submit to be a sign on the wall
it was like yeah I managed to become a
sign on the wall so full
took a four with him he's a really nice
guy so just not seen a bump into people
who watch the videos
crazy absolutely crazy honestly jard√≠n
nice to meet brother new partners PT
look what he's not talking about that is
some drunk-ass partying right there
flipping out so much embarrassing I got
what I needed from the Trafford Centre
no I did not come all this way just to
get popcorn chicken you know what I'm
really not about this this this and this
you might be like oh you're eating
unhealthy probably true but I also want
to say like a sleek every time I don't
sleep well backed into my eyes and spots
just part I live so I'm not really that
bothered but doesn't make me look
exactly great uncommon does it mm yeah
okay Unicom Griffin and titties it's
been fun and get on the road before I
hit traffic at four o'clock I need to
pack my bags because I need to go I need
to go away to a place with a lake and a
house and a hill so pretty really good
grass mix can make this yield I voted my
board perfectly on time for six o'clock
by uploaded it to the wrong channel I'll
have to come back delete the video for
my other channel and reupload it her I
swear man I just can't do anything like
oh man the bays holding up I've probably
done about 100 miles right now in the
car and that TBA somewhat like petrol
station but it's really nice look at it
you've got such a beautiful view it's
just unreal oh lucky drops always do
you've got Mountain the mountains and
mountains the mountains it's just so so
nice this is the the beautiful little
area I am going to go coffee
I'm like a professional at failing I got
in my car and even though I ordered my
vlog to the wrong Channel I reloaded it
it was up within half an hour so it
should have done live it like a half
hour six yet know what did I manage to
do drive an hour and a half and got to
make it public so so obviously as well
being late it's knacks oh yeah custom
beers and jam what I'd also like to
apologize for and yesterday's vlog is 40
seconds into it my outro appears so
thank you very much what she makes live
like going to subscribe and sorry oh
yeah that was not supposed to okay yes I
about that again and cheers as per usual
can I find Louella
is she gonna be on top that Wow that
took me to second Katy vs. Oh Ella no
way wait oh that's not swell or in the
background is that can tell I don't mean
no we put on spotlight yeah ruin that is
amazing Joel's right on the back of it
dad himself much look to you guys no way
that is much it's mad that you can just
slap the faces all of these magically
the omission as well that's other look
there's the Weller again about at the
same body one that is just crazy
yeah come on as the caregiver home so on
them let go if I get with a whole
different life dang that's gotta be some
good ass time a hunter 795 foot for
slice
so when you only get two four six quid
I'm very tempted to buy it just to see
if it's actually that good
hahahahahaha thing that may have made it
to my destination I don't know I'm gonna
walk inside sheep I'm gonna walk in and
see press the doorbell hello
fucking shit my god oh my girl ha ha
I did make it to the right place I'm
gonna get ready in 10 minutes to be able
to eat food though
probably gonna miss that oh okay this is
a big-ass room
holy piss I got polish on
fuck you my massive oh this is nice well
I guess I like this a lot
what a monitor for nice looking showers
mom what a nice inspiratory and I've
already done to do it this place doesn't
have any signal whatsoever
obviously it's probably got Wi-Fi I
would assume but then this is where I
messed up
eyebrow I brought my morphe charge in
case like this but what I didn't do what
I didn't do is bring up for jokey to
charge the movie case and it's empty how
about yourself
I don't know how although the vlogs I
don't know wherever the world vlogs I
don't how much charge my phone so no
came away for a spy weekend I'm not
quite sure why he gave me a bunch of
purpose oh no no let's just hope you get
on your ass yeah they're kind of I was I
did you get it on your stained that's a
trap think I was a girl did they Cassell
what Snowden filled in the help this is
for like the counter said it to the
wrong room because that's my name of my
room number so okay um I found a door
what what I kind of cool yard I've a
terrible us separately ass castle has
one Dennis you know I'm creeping around
that night looking for ghosts the
courtyard bar and Brasserie
Mercer poses it like that hmm
I'm just pushing this closed anyway look
at this press all of them crispy Parma
ham for my god
and then for dinner you know for uncle
list mmm pork a billion earn parliament
nice this is the most stupidly put
together dish I think about seeing my
life pork belly crackling I'm not going
to be an idiot I'm pretty sure there's
an engine tar mahom had dried out to my
hat looks like he's been sat inside too
naive chopped off light bulb and no idea
what does that fix a cauliflower muscle
use the Kalevala to you don't call me a
snob I'm just saying I've never been so
occasionally offended by additional life
I've got a pretty about something a bit
of it I eat a piece of Apple would help
stops is that's a piece of hope these
participants on a tuffet salt
better wash that down this is a one
knife looking one dish um just say on
two blue on top see as a fresh looking
cover and this is potato
oh I'm putting my entire pressure on it
by the way that's absurd the table I
have to be honest tonight I mean in
their breasts through at whatever you
want to call it bursaries and bar just
cuz I don't know how to pronounce it but
there's two different restaurant
amenities like the really nice one who
the Lakeview as it is this one now this
one for me unfortunately there's an
overall meal gets a 1 out of 10 ah she
caught the flower looks like insulted
taking a photo of him mouthwash fees on
that's not totally off good or anything
bought that that must be the girl who
called the flowers when she threw them
when she was like our greatest book
ooh this guy that was doing just me
twice this was a wedding you need
tonight then I am now here though
starting in the hotel I've had one beer
as I read fucking ghost books get an air
that direct did it added oh dude I'm
pretty sure that's the ghost was the
same JUnit is not gonna ball battle oh
my god this is horrifying why am i goes
to me I don't want you to do this if
that falls near I'm gonna freak out my
name's Tom ghost don't think in a hotel
with hmm look how terrifying this is to
lay down on everything
okay let's click the data I mean they
done I mean in the lifetime I don't do
things like a ghost to sat in that chair
right now but for being a school table
what there's a door behind the clock how
do I get in there
where's the key whatever this secret
compartment you fucking shit his heart
is fallen I found another room ooh
this is very grand what the fuck they
destroyed it in music this is pretty
amazing
if you're in a music
fuck me this place is terrifying
what
sorry bye moose oh I feel like a lost
child I was child this is what oh my god
magic use the face in that window this
is one Spokeo to hell why am I even here
I came for spa not a god damn
Ghostbuster ghost on a retreat I just
terrified up with Windows everywhere
spider webs the only person staying in
this hotel
I have to point this out this place is
scaring off and this such Friday the
13th is actually Friday the 14th but
still Sookie ah this is the wedding very
nice
and I guess that I like this band music
friends I like the style thing to stop
before me like what the hell is this guy
doing I'm wondering a member of staff
did tell me that is a wildlife park in
which I just find out the most amazing
thing they have a speed never really
forgiven here I could have fucking Brian
judgment if I wore I managed to survive
the night without being attacked by a
ghost so I guess that's a good thing but
that music was creepy and when I was
editing backed up fog when you see the
little orbs floating in the air there
are lots of them so their father uses
lots of ghosts so tonight I would do
more investigating I don't know I don't
know what to the role where to go but
I'm going to try and sneak upstairs and
see it is an attic or a basement that is
nude on it is a new day so I'm going to
wrap this vlog up here I'm going to give
you a gift of a quadrant it's a mansion
from time joy but it's very much for
watching so we'd enjoy it makes you have
a lycra and subscribe and if this video
actually uploads that I'm impressed
simple because I'm in the middle of
nowhere don't have a phone charger don't
have any internet and don't have any
signal so if I did it success where as
always as are else
