starting a new dawn a new day we went at
12:23 I am I'm uploading the daily vlog
so it's going to be live on time not
live streamed and everyone's been
demanding I download this is four packs
two percent off also sat here naked but
we won't talk about that what we will
talk about is Conor McGregor and
Mayweather oh you know what just just
for it you know I I definitely think
he's gonna win but oh my god he's gonna
put on one hell of a shot let me know
what you think in the comments below
McGregor Mayweather who's gonna win
how's it going to win it how they gonna
win when they're gonna win take care
said that what could you say to
McGregor's absolutely loving every
moment of this but on that note guys
I'll catch ghost mode to make sure the
black grain subscribe and I will see you
guys at 6 p.m. the next day vlog where
I'm going on an adventure
adios ah this is violent YouTube look at
it I'm trying to save my vlog and it
keep saying unknown error what part and
people wonder why I have problems
uploading the vlog 1234 this happens
side can be reached
okay it scary okay that mmm yep I had a
power cook it's currently I'm 22 full
not for 2024 in the morning I can't
sleep so you know what the other thing I
can do we a vixx and play runescape a
new adventure oh well where we go in
this town is possible don't eat it
are you fucked it yeah you actually
never know when you knew
spooky that's what you've been doing
oh you're an opinion good job mate maybe
this goes to job on that
looking good looking good over there the
sink I'm liking it very nice Adam very
proudly and a good original 3.04 bum
thumb and if you're wondering why I said
3.0 simply because we will first it at
my mom's house then where we're at now
and now here 3.0 I've been waiting for
this Internet to activate to see if it's
got fasten the necks on this road that
the office is on might have fiber speeds
well shit the bed
it has 75 download very impressive but
the upload same as my house 3
how to keep your dad happy 101 cornettos
I'm with Josh it everything needs to
make encased not in case that I'll be
complete absolutely not
I know is there anything but sure you
know I'm going to do it okay dad take
before word take me where I need to go
hinges and then gloves for me thank you
so one thing I want is like them gloves
and blue ones have been wearing to dip
in I want the black one I don't know why
it makes no difference
I won the live ones they just look cool
like tattoo artists wear them thank you
an entire entire car for one thing you
are an impressive man you think this is
fair look at it with left me behind is
left me behind
ken coming come on pull me I'm not
getting off until it makes me smart I
already on shower that one but they
didn't a letdown
you better know we're trying to make
finding a better system for in case
nothing to do is restore the entire to
the wall which is what we don't want to
do so get tub like this then we put a
holes cut going across we can spray will
hold in the pipe the water forcing all
the crap off the top surface with it all
lights it's on the top and it will wash
off and I've got fresh cerveteri to work
with dirt now we need pipe look like
we're cooking mess yes Ken that's how
you save money 280 pounds I bought that
off Amazon yesterday in the prime deal
400 400 I knew it I knew it was a good
deal feeling proud of myself
hey are you struggling
gotcha Jerri nicely done Kent
very nicely done I am without couch you
can tell cuz I came in my dad button
cause since the original something super
Delphic me dad could you take me to
syndicate regional please do you know
what my raids are I'll give you 50 P for
the Hellfire corner oh yeah they're done
by Papa bye-bye now recycle look at it
as if it's been pretty good right Alice
doesn't know I'm here
okay Joe left to get your reaction just
got mom's okay hello this is the pickle
police is this garden yeah do you have
pickles in your cupboard at this moment
in time have you checked the expiry date
on your pickles recently if you check
your pickle date and it is out of date
by three years you can claim 100 pounds
would you would you like to check your
pickles it's right now if you check no
no I got that
I did just Cal let's go bowling come
pick me up
several it takes five minutes so is that
yester Bowen oh oh oh nail breaks whoa
ah ah dude I love you apparently this is
a Ryan what is it oh my god I know
today's oh I think it's framed is it
creased
what's our crease marking it oh my gosh
but when you take spring this is the
entire store of the zombie storyline yep
let's fit us in the beginning
wow thanks a Ryan appreciate but I
really impressed us more a really
embodies really for you yeah what did
you ever seek career at University to
you remember we met that time in
Starbucks in a Ashton so we sat there
talked about how you were going to do my
peer like my social media
no wrong we'd actually did a meeting
we got coffees and sat down very much
all you asked me to do was do
introduction yeah and now you're on the
company
look at all the blocks easy own ha so
proud of you unusual
yeah we know what you know what's it for
you she's poisoning W air you're saying
is that good what do we get yeah all
right somebody else is interested in mum
stop the childminding job to come here
for easier life
wait did I hit been Aditya life cookies
just oh yeah I feel like all the joking
need to be like a big brother chair sit
down session and like how do you feel
alright did you feel all right
is it causing you a problem I just saw
that what genomics efforts work
it's just munchies on anyway do
something what you can try 61 this would
161 before ice time to the Icicle a lot
of areas into account VI 61 August
appalling weekend you'd code is one
second attempt it off but you can't wait
to learn next weekend I predict it will
be one person doing
I mean agree on Saturday izombie
Scotland Saturday's W Scotland well get
up great I can't wait this column on our
show is gonna be picked up got some
awesome scores fun really need that you
need that mean that when I did the meet
up in Scotland oh my gosh Glasgow
Edinburgh was so Little Italy that
cannot wait to see how it's gonna go in
some here I'm proper excited know why
did the brown on the table if it's a
workplace or a humble it is huggable
what else have you got rounded rainbow
fruit week shitty fuck no song case
shitty phone
teabag I just felt it you say what
Hyundai I'm not gonna do hmm
oh really try remark you sure you got on
yeah go on shit I like this shirt this
is the Royal this is the art this is the
one of the Royal what do we call this
great why' white and gray royal but let
me show you what we got for that come on
grab that corner got a medic cast this
is the new summer shirt do it and then
you are okay
you thought the gray rail was that but
let me tell you a new blue royal ship
rocking on the white t-shirt
are you like Alice you like it started
oh sorry with who came up with this you
was it by popular demand me please
change it was here nice
oh and if you're watching it for longer
at six five six seven o'clock then
they're now available to buy tomorrow
today okay tomorrow okay Wow they don't
sell for browsing we're gonna put it on
tonight but oh that should did that good
where we're going
yeah I like yeah my way well I'm gonna
do yeah what was the other girl to sing
a girl resort you're supposed to do that
about hi it's okay yeah you never not
represented Carl you better know you
better know we're the only two people on
the board 161 151 Oh
Alex come over here don't run me over
I'm just going for all you and I just
want to say thank you very much for
watching The Voice and what's your
highest bowling 7030 summer yesterday so
I want to hit I want to see you next
time you broke 100 okay yeah you've got
yourself a deal masculine brother Celia
I was just ordering the coffee's from
you in Carl
and then this guy role that we I make
and I was like whoa you got a remover
specific is a really nice life but I
made it I made it amazing that goddamn I
put sugar in American so a silly good
game on 39 that's probably that's
probably best of all depart from the
messed up there messed up there next up
they're lovely
I'm worried that the the sir there and
just air
right time for Turkey bring you back
bring you back boy brings might look it
up it took you down Turkey guys Turkey
guys you know what time is it what time
did Jesse time all to make my dad
evening spare strike strike you need
what you need one more strike to beat me
seriously your 139 we all have it
think of the mouth come on strike to
beat me strike to beat me cows just full
of bloody Turkey oh the 949 Niners
literally every time let's take a look
let's look at the scruple when I can put
your body part you broke a hundred that
is beautiful cows that is beautiful 139
118 iPad your makes twenty pounds thank
you right 1 39 spen 1.9 you need to get
like a Niners fair faces or strike nano
strike nano strike you know Ollie
Kooning equally deep donate and you get
bonus points of the span will you school
what did I change this to be hey guys
look at where your a bunch of their
pants right down to import unlucky cow
but cow just beat and watch what it can
literally pork the nine on that's you oh
hey it just be it just be divided by
five but yeah no joke it just be look at
our ADA change it to a nine color ain't
what you think you say your son watches
videos look at wins but tell them I said
hello but it I hope you enjoyed being
second while it lasted count came
straight over perfect looking come on
but I did that happens to be the woman
you like vertical can you guarantee to
throw into things
me him I'm like that's me but some
watches your videos look like brilliant
we decide to pod right now no pun so it
might not be suitable in a lovely breeze
I love it
were you doing it 45 minutes early well
I give you a thing could you look
without you yes yes I need this for our
she needed a phone case to test
something with hello where you do
English your Lucas khakis I know
look what I got Casa de cut cut cut can
I get that back up gorgeous haven't seen
you forever to cooking a door mr.
Bagwell oh there you go grand educated
first an acidic original sure be excited
yeah yeah my leash how are you doing sir
shit so you three years it's been that
long since Alice's yeah she promised you
on hey years three years but whatever
are you gonna wear everyday so me
research I actually have never seen
grander than adventure maybe we have to
make customer sure was redundant young
Jamiel cuz I mean John didn't rebel he
was a given $1 so exposure you know why
riding uniform the opposite filthy this
not melted fucking bullshit from issue 1
this is the me is his rooms ever bit
where he doing currently just I don't
know problem where you going you better
forget about them hey you better forget
about them
hey get off my lawn get off my lawn drop
it I have a gardener you know a guy you
can climb all that lawn on my own no I
mean your God you know I'll fucking
doors closed you're not up there is aa
different this is our season
funny windows oh yeah so Miam okay
this is always his well Quinn bedrooms
okay to scratch the time you just don't
oh hold on you're getting to God and two
three
you got your picture bloody garbage kid
kid kid look at my little star because
what dog yeah carmelized onions on you
jealous
nice I'm not it's mine July trickle yeah
I got it
listen human are you gonna play with it
is look at it what lovely bite me
there's a live being ticklish I I love
you
you don't think you're a loves are
pretty long do you think you have
exceedingly longer look look look as a
normal flop how are you doing those are
not much different
okay I'm just talking but get the Box
version to you smellin smart when you
got some pretty intense eyebrows though
I love you anyway Oh what they'll over
in a tandoori chicken me little yeah
goodnight that's a pretty nice lookin
meatballs yeah it is thank you
okay swimming a lot Sam you better than
bowling last time 150 15 years ago
welcome tomorrow watching both the first
time in 15 years I got myself not just
one meal in halloumi courage toilet
cheese Corinne strange what went for
nutrition as well I wanted two dishes
you know why could I can't what you get
known here would you
yet we join forever would you get the
number one mom I will did the parasitism
exchange effort refer to cattle gardener
absolutely if you want on the menu just
got your home I'll write three men and
about it you've got my lovely friends
love you Sabo and tomaría if you beat
me in bowling
I'll buy you a new car young by a boy
you job said of the day well I trade you
got you dragging roof off some I threw
it in what would you say to info what
I'm over Jack another job if you beat me
in bowling club by another judge a
bio-neural Odyssey near one I don't
think we've even one out but I you want
people who just know she is open
happiness is dope
why your point basis right
oh shit look out over the face common
trait pasty seller I'm left out
Oh get real oh my god let me hello
ladies I get I get I get all the ladies
like that
look at this guy look at this guy wet
dry looking then i'll now grab that way
now do you ever move tonight
another thing I've been skinny in the
face in it that's where that's well
really God now now now I'm got dad
bottom Montebello
like 20 and thanks guys appreciate all
of your time love your energy move your
way why are you tweeting me a little
better so the Sun will come out tomorrow
bet your bottom dollar that this cat
will bite my hand don't do that okay
okay oh it's okay Theodore Bagwell yeah
Cole is dude oh my gross not that dude
named Theodore of ten houses well you're
saying these names not theater by by
watching them the theater of ten houses
I thought it's Bagwell we all know it's
sir fyodor Bagwell with ten ounces or
anything bad man comes from prison
broken yeah ties not beautiful that's
one big by looking back there you have
me currently a 509 edit in my vlog in
Tesco's car park in Hattersley so yeah
represent someone's walked off and I was
like hi editing my vlog can't really
start right now sound wise but thank you
very much for watching today's vlog guys
if you enjoyed it make sure you leave a
like rating subscribe and hopefully if
you can ding dong that Bell if you're on
a computer I don't even know if you can
do up more about maybe it gives you all
the notifications when I post a new
video because you should like to just
not tell you when my videos live so if
you want points safe make sure you
follow me on Twitter at Pro Syndicate
tweet me saying Tom Thumb solves our
Twitter us yeah but on that note guys
I'll catch guys most of us you live like
rain subscribe and I will see you guys
at 6 p.m. - the next day vlog where I'm
going on an adventure
high off
