lotty how Batman I can't believe
yesterday was raining look at this today
absolutely go yes all right well going
inside going back to bed aha
powers out on the road I wonder what has
happened you Steven Steven the powers
around Steven oh I usually oh so it's
okay it's okay it's okay
with nice warm and act on the leave in
there could we call them now okay okay
okay you seem okay
I wonder if I catch to go out my gaze
could the electricity's an answer if I
know
ready three two one press the button I'm
not opening I can't get my girl I'm
trapped I'm dark
he's making me avenge to work on thanks
dad Fisher right did you get these out
of a cracker yeah my dad got me some
tool to my job like a mini detective
will the tap wall that looks remember
like wait did he really just take this
at work when its electricity went out
didn't know whether it was powered by an
electric pump or not ah good good work
station we improved the project in case
just growling didn't they yo got a new
tug to me dipping it no longer need that
ball what's the diameter change on this
probably much better I'd say not that
crazy difference but now it gives me a
queen right depth to washing rather than
a in holding on long's that was the
sound effect of some cases hitting a
bowl my plan does a new start in muddy
is going to be a fight that would take
some of this I don't hear but I'm going
to send in a case unless end in this
keys right here it's not to go it
there's two cases oh my good that's what
I'm actually going to destroy a
syndicate original one time to harvest
so I can actually practice mine
let's give this one a go and see how it
turns out see it's not like they'll
ready to to put on a gray primer it
might may look okay same time I may not
trial and error we can't let you in we
can
electricity's got out the house almost
was open electric gate yeah what gate
they're all electric are we going out I
can't get out the arms
no not spoke to Alex you're going out to
dinner with her yeah we do oh nice I
don't know we're having a date
I'll get actually get out I'm gonna VIN
it
what the heck is degree what are you
doing we really just been flogging me
buffering panels well you want court in
it could it thick plastic for the other
side
I didn't get that all right we're all
going out tonight we're buds are going
well are some designer either going up
Hold'em yeah oh we're going MA so I
daddy's trying to break into a bank
vault there are some of mate look at
that wardrobe that looks so much better
and cleaner today shit what what I feel
like I'm wearing well you know feel like
the lane will see you like I'm wearing
let's listen cook shit off you look
worried
I got all of them I got out of one you
know what I'm going for it
insignias to look at that so but us wait
we're pride on your heart wait your
heart and carry it on your back
we're staying around up by six yeah I
can dad sounds good about 45 minutes see
that right really one day without
electricity
I've already tried trying to chance what
good dog I already tried
charging phone turn the bathroom light
on switching the switch class which
should open a closed book
that went to walk into my computer room
realize I couldn't do that
I hit be pissed about doing 15 trapped
inside the house down how do you feel
angry dad what are we gonna do
we've got all the chocolates we've got
no food in this house anyway we have
chocolates we you know gone we're going
to see watch your fuckin goodies okay
you take our back you take that back
looks weird in it expanded that means
it's like what you got to use it's
soaking up all the water
okay all right we should just uh fit and
you clean up doors I did a shout
ascended it and then I want to elf what
fallen you can go for it I look terrible
it seems always a lot of imperfection in
there hmm I like to write in it oh the
edges that's why you put tape on it
don't worry we're going to get around
there all right you going for it
45-degree angle just like put it on one
side down and works very smoothly
- flat - flat
nice nice so keep it down there yes this
wiggle it like 10 seconds think about
you look good dip Ted good dip right no
need to rinse elf
we don't just did not want to stick to
what so ever so again because I've not
used this one before it might be more
transfer or more hot water or anything a
lot but I'm going to try it dad if this
looks like a good enough piece that we
can use see how that turned out
right dad come on try this one we try
again
leave it 60 seconds to that water up I'm
going to put on quite a bit more
activate at this time better be ready
mr. excavator just a little over hold
the spray 20 centimeters from certain to
help other housing big vibrations all
about the dinosaur towards me and she
came two minutes before you okay
thank God I turn us around see the black
spray-paint they should really be
different colors how is this revolt so
ever that's gone obviously I don't have
a clue what is it
thanks man that's exactly one and this
is going to be hey all I bought a big
battery pack like a big hug focused as a
sub like twenty thousand mega ohms my
phone case which charges through three
hours with a battery and a full charge
my phone
Eid I think four thousand this twenty
thousand what I'm on the move up now is
Chad spoke next up is I don't look this
is the right thing it might not be but
this what I'm hoping is I can put one
USB in and they extend to others again I
might have bought the wrong one here but
it that's the case that might be good it
does say root a gigabyte no Ethne
yeah and then it switches to other
things because in my office right now
I've got like four things that actually
things that need plug it in and they
should solve a problem
all right hmm let's see how this button
what there's some imperfections in that
wall yeah
tell you what this is that this is the
true test Department here I was trying
to sum this off like because when these
designs mess if I can just get them off
pretty easy to fit on 20 clear coats on
them but I just tried to wipe office it
nickel design with some sandpaper hang
it off at least that means I'm sawing a
really good quality product yeah I want
to get the in case cases this good this
good right so I've got a carbon fiber
one going times a bit skewed but I'm
just keeping it just to see if I can get
a clear coat on it and keep it looking
good without all the little starts
appearing I had one blemish in it right
there which I'm not too happy about but
get in there again now we're getting
that I really want to try this again
IQ 8 speed you're gonna play to save
gonna behave this time you gonna work
what the hell happened there but this
did not work in the slightest what the
heck happened there the color didn't
even come off on it nothing happen there
what just turning to go I've seen it
before
and here we go come on around it I
dropped it easy okay please be okay
can't get it
Wow incredible Oh picture god I didn't
stick to it to show next guy it's past
six o'clock if I tried to upload my vlog
right now it would only go live at about
8 p.m. UK time so that's super super
late to what the rod usually gets loaded
at which it should be six o'clock so
instead and live streaming it so the
people who are here ready to watch it
could watch the episode of live it
doesn't affect anything they can pause
it like look if you look over here you
can pause the vlog you can rewind it
that sort of stuff it's really really
simple to use
so people can watch it catch up on it
even if you've missed the start of it
but then once the live stream finishes
once episodes over it goes live on
YouTube as a video for people to still
watch
thing to talk about this was something
that was brought to my attention a while
ago and obviously I came up with the
name encased for my like phone cases and
stuff like that and the reason why I
chose it is the word in case by E and K
n cased I like that he's like encasing
something and I what I want to do don't
have like the name of something like
like hi drugs dipping or pain or some
other how can I do it I thought all the
perfect name is incurred by Inc you know
like the cause of ink and then I'm
inking a case so I'm in with the case
but then I'm in caging something so it's
in case and that's what I do like making
custom cases and that's that however
unbox therapy just came out with this
video today showcasing a product from a
company called in case where as mind
encased so this is Inc tater right it's
like a scream to the back II phone it's
a really really cool idea in a really
cool concept however this was a name
that existed but the company really
hadn't done much but when I started
doing my I hydro different everything
and the company launched the Kickstarter
like two days ago and was like boom we
release in our case now so something
that they sat on was working on but then
now it's released it so it seems like
really bad timing for me and then but
it's two total different products mind
the name of a company which is dipping
cases and that's the name of a product
Inc case that's the name of a product
that has a screen so bit of a conflict
of names I can definitely understand it
but in case anything cased you could say
they're two they're the exact same
fucking thing but the same sound is not
really much I can do about it because
I've already picked the name and they've
already got that product so it's a shame
because it was a really unique name that
came up with I wasn't like inspired by
anything else to do it I just picked the
name was like just make so much fucking
sense it's like I would came up with
mine I was stoked when I came up with my
knife so hopefully be no conflicts if
anything I'll reach out to the company
be like hey listen I'm just literally
Hydra different cases and I'm not making
any visual screens or anything like that
I'm not going to step on your toes is
that okay and if they're like yeah cool
man we'll be good if it's stressing out
all day I've not eaten any food
something I just got some angry look at
this food this is it wonderful I'm
talking about the whole delivery setup
like you say this is all set of potatoes
yeah how do you know such a thing that
curry sauce okay
well I was wrong missus I only know it's
also chicken hmm so will oh my what
fishes are enough fur that is so tasty
that is incredible good job man good job
okay leave that attractive attitude was
nice and so I found out this within the
area damn Manchester City in the
background I'm joking you guys know I
don't mind football clubs but everyone
going tweet Tom McCullar I'm letting him
know that Manchester City is a kind of
respectable team actually if you do want
to tweet Tommy calm tweeting say I have
a happy holiday because the my boy is
going to shower off he's not actually
going somewhere else can I like it Malta
or similar another and Kate is going to
cough ass that's one tell us you're
going to kill us so yeah wish him look
oh that's not even real is that nice
flippin heck
this one's graph even across the sky
just do a massive shout-out to Jacoby
two for seven to think you subscribing
29.0 beast
red monkey Youtube subscriber thirty
nine months in a row Wow
so thank you very much is going 3737
month Sorrell oh my dog I really did
enjoy my technique of live-streaming the
vlog to YouTube but it just seems to
confuse so many people I need to kind of
like break it down with a diagram so
people can truly understand what it is
that I'm doing when I'm doing the live
stream of the pre-recorded vlog but
nonetheless this one's already had it
uploaded and should be the normal vlog
for you guys and so for stressing you
out but I feel like I will end up doing
that live stream method again if my vlog
isn't live by 6 o'clock just because
like not like well between 6 & 7 if it's
getting towards 10 o'clock at night that
I'm a stream it just so I can get the
vlog up before I've been that because
I've loaded a vlog or a video on that
day every single day for nearly a full
year now and then in the video before me
daily vlogging I missed one day by like
an hour or something and I was like so
disappointed in myself but this year I'm
doing really well so far so I'm hoping
I'm really hoping I can keep it on track
so it isn't this but with that said
thank you very much what you guys made
you leave a like and subscribe if we can
hit 12
Creighton's that would be absolutely
impressive even if we can hit 13 like
great that would be my blowing but make
sure you click that subscribe bell butch
Bella Belton Belton button and dingdong
that Bell so I combined the words there
and you'll get notified every time I
posted a video so we should form into a
pro syndicate in the description down
below so you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. to
the next day to dog adios
