Liddy's much
Lydia's mums cracking jokes I finally
got Sony Vegas oh damn - to get Sony
Vegas 15 installed in my computer I've
got my game played me playing the zombie
map for the first ever time rendering
out so if you missed the live should not
hold would be going if you're watching
this this video will be live my channel
the same damn day but I've got that
render now got the update yarn it took
forever what apparently was the world's
largest Windows 10 update but I've done
that and now we're gonna put some pants
on because it's kind of naked and we're
gonna go down to Santa Monica go get
some loot so that's the plan my welcome
California oh god damn it's beautiful
ass whether you're on Santa Monica Pier
or what it all up he wouldn't near the
pier a sport fishing boating Cafe Santa
Monica Pier yep welcome to California
let's go ahead what do you think that
guy's what I should say yep as walk
along pull a suitcase the guy just came
to you guys got any heroin
yes sir Ben no no heroin we're in an
open because they're remodeling I'm
saying this right now I think we need to
get one Oster that way we've done one in
Dubai in Amsterdam and in Los Angeles
I'm gonna get the Hollywood and videos
gonna get Bernie back yes
we're now in the Sun Tanning up it's the
life oh my God look at this car
but vengeance what is it Austin Martin
oh that's delicious
what is that about like a meal in itself
can we come up with like a better thing
to do when we traveled to places rather
than do Isis but I was gonna get a small
ice job this is what is I stirred not
bad we will cook the size of mine mate
you're supposed to swallow this it won't
go you fucking kidding me
I can't do this that's nice nice
territory let's do this I know two
people I've only ever just you just
swallow it don't you so I've never had
the opportunity to take on that I'm not
submit already look it's got layers it's
like an ogre detached the lobster bit of
vinaigrette bit of a sauce
that's good you see name
I wiped out everyone literally I just
breathe
anyway did you see go to my thermal it
went good at least I get up yeah go go
go go go your turn we're totally not
immature they might be I don't know I
put some sauce of it I know boat looks
letting you know ready
it's great doubt a one down here one
down a one down a morning
we got audience come on now this is a
bull everywhere we go we always try Isis
it just they don't go well fresh okay
did you go you got a little audience
come on come on 3c okay go then three
two one go worth the wait right work the
way I'm self out ever I feel like that
has to be our thing now when we go to
different countries we have to go to a
seafood bar I know I so exciting for you
never know we might get really good at
it we might be like professional I stood
on the sirs I mean that looks really
good I think you may have chose better
than me because you also got crab legs
this crab is pretty goddamn thick
I'm pretty goddamn good good - sir
decisions over men Nidhi has gone for
the bread pudding and italics what ice
cream is out sorry colonel I'm not I've
never had American rice pudding before
so I don't quite know what to expect but
sure oh my god oh that's some good rice
pudding holy shit it's nothing
welcome to the Staples Center I actually
don't know if it's called the Staples
Center because of the shop staple
sponsored it I take it back it is the L
is a goddamn staple fen sideways look at
this you got a little hockey Center set
up for the kids is awesome but we're
going over to yard house to meet over
loop in the homies you're coming tonight
so let's go oh let's go video with us oh
we got we got we got we got tickets we
got there stop Plaza VIP entry ooh
killing space we said oh what's going on
because I'm wearing this ya know I
honestly don't know
rules are anyway so just let's go
Zamboni you can actually win the ability
to see like your kid just like sonic
waving all that guy like something the
vehicle you see it mm-hmm that's called
riding the Zamboni about this oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah oh yeah
oh yeah okay okay that's what I'm
talking about
oh yeah we got we got beers of limited
big for days
basically I'm going to get into that
side they goes outside if we win we
check if we lose we cry yes oh whoa we
got laser holy shit this is why I come
to hunt games I don't care about the
small pumpkin whoa I'm losing this
before this is my show so I've never
seen this before
what do you did you penny honey oh yeah
hi your chest your ass now wait it's
nuts you're Canadian we raised
yeah merica yeah yeah Canada Canada
England
- yeah thanks for leaving our country oh
man I just own a gun Wow
don't Canadian it's in your blood to
play hockey just embrace Greinke is not
imminent and independent no no
apparently people are so happy to see
back in the vlog I should mention doing
he's not doing so hot he's got a house
up in the Hollywood Hills it's not bad
yeah oh my God look every other stuff
would be time for Lydia to lose your
mind look at this look at that guy
odd the taste welcome to heaven on
wheels a legend from the LA Kings just
drop by and drop me in the deer of some
hats so we got like as a brony huh and
then an LA Kings mascot how often is
that yeah that's all my food I'm so
sorry
keep putting one on yeah they just swim
by I hate what letting them know I was
coming tonight and it gave me a heart
yeah I really need to bust oh I have fun
ten boys your content your content we
got so far
oh my god
incredible
Oh
I didn't realize we sweet sites
okay they scooted on that what good
night I like this I like this 3-0 have
real dead talk what games you play
I like up whatever characters Villa yeah
the guys are a bunch of dorks
shut up - your turn little 79 today I
God go along with your fishing though I
follow really matter what level is your
fishing Oh terrible you can't even get
fucking stamina 30 shows sorry fella
have you got a 99 took it 12 years you
play runescape I love it if Bush your
height was your level my highest level
was 99 but it was when the max of us 126
oh I'm not the only nut he plays it he
plays it he plays she plays it play ass
yeah
yes seriously bro do that it was on the
top of the mountain snow bunnies red
what's the posture of the alot chopper
one of a runescape
wife goes what do they win I may be
shipped to 24-hour Fitness is catching
him that's a foul that's a foul
hey this guy the Buck has given up so
much
hey if the count is full hey aliens how
do we arrange a Zamboni right my friend
for a syndicate it's really all he wants
in life really what is what do they say
to you I'll try to record them voting
toasting that's a Zamboni jealousy match
between me oh that's not took Ernie get
this once you have the safety issues I
have with that book
oh hell yeah
watch watch buddy dies with panache
honey spot honey spot
I know you've enjoyed your first game
but we've warned easily six Oh like I
couldn't have brought you to a better
game than this go go
high five you're my good luck charm come
on okay we may not be getting on a
Zamboni but we may have been doing
someone else so if we can make this
happen he did try if we can make this
happen that is a win if not if not then
at least we tried
big this is like the most random thing
if Joker gets to do what he was planning
to do this would be pretty cool now I'm
pretty nervous I'm actually pretty
nervous this has now become the most
official
this way right back up back up yo check
it this is definitely some behind the
scenes here right now this is I don't
know man but this is yo yo this is
definitely some behind the scenes shit
right now
safety courtesy unstaged efficiency
synergy ye are you totally like walking
behind the scenes of the LA staple
center right now yo this is Brody this
is Ollie was awful it's all led to this
moment
bodis the entire the entire reason we
were trying to get back here with so we
could get under Zamboni's but apart oh
no way hey do we just walk on it
really oh hey this is gonna end badly
yo I'm gonna really been hold my beer
this is gonna be dangerous
oh hey is this not cool took it I want
to see a slide I want to see a running
slide really took a Staples Center go go
go go go good yeah they let us on the
ice I've never done this before
what yeah I actually thought it was
gonna be really hard to walk on
that goes you not sleep don't you dare I
bet you get in the box
two minutes
Oh yo the next time we hear we have to
get on the Zamboni
look at this flags look at this is this
Luke this this night goes down no I
wouldn't race you down right this is the
most weirdest thing Lydia doesn't have
her passport or driver's license so she
can literally not go into any bars and
we're not trying to drink we're just
trying to go into a place with some
music and see what it's like and when I
don't have a driver's license or
passport so we can't go in all of a
sudden some guy walked out of this door
Dodgers looking Dorian was like Annie
Ricky knows Ricky and can get Libya in
we made it
okay we Romanian
we made it in art work is actually
somewhat foolish of my eyes legit
amazing all I'm saying is so they took
my ladies keep your friends close and
your friends even post-op three tickets
bro
this guy's literally got monopoly money
what do these do they get you a drink
any no took us like I hate this shit
just ask this question well you should
have just got a ticket I'll pay for it
does your ticket oh you're giving a
ticket and nothing mate mate me we need
this mate no are you no no no
okay no it's not even a place been
ducking tonight not gonna be there
turkey feels does not exist just crush
it off your map you'll never see it
again
no I just have to say this right now oh
my god I don't think I've ever met a guy
in my life as lovable as this cat oh I
say that I'm this cat he's now trying to
run away oh my god
Mike and Diesel's car they say Mike and
Diesel's
I met MA yeah rung oh whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa that is really cool
though is that that is really cool holy
shit no yes
seriously bro that straight-up out of
mana man like we should all have our own
at the same time that is the dopest set
of our work above a desk I've ever seen
in my life
gum gum gum yeah okay I came to Mike's
house Mike's house was an awesome how
was his cat's his cats were fucking
hairy
introducing the later owner from optic
gaming who's buy your own now is the
most amazing efficient is that done
already you come from one sheet yeah
no it's bad we do this every day just
disco things like new all I do is wear
bunny what do you find this clothing
cynic original come I have a cynic oh my
god I'm Nessen you usually know you
didn't know no listen is it before I
film this no no no no are you even
serious ladies and gentlemen live here
and internet introducing oh my god no
fucking way what are these bones do
oh wait that's the cat did you buy this
my did you buy this
kitty I give it have you ever taken him
out in it that's my name time I tried to
be careful my name is Tom you lie this
some I do thank God for that I thought
she said this thought some soap there's
like I'll tell you I love this song
this is legit this is my go to Thailand
with Libya song and kick out of each
jerk here we could survive that jump oh
no way
oh my god I estimated that that's a no
no no no no no no no that's a bra did
you get that from all right the reason
why today's vlog ladies cuz yes we went
out drinking till 3:00 I've literally
just finished the Edit and you're
watching this now so I'm sorry it was
late I hope you've enjoyed it yes I am
actually sat here bollock naked so
that's a bit of information you probably
didn't need but I'm actually so glad to
have this vlog edited I'm gonna go get
back in bed and caught a little idiot I
know the hog was like maybe three four
hours late I really I'm sorry but if you
did enjoy it that I make videos for you
guys faces every single day 6 p.m. ish
leave a like rate subscribe ding dong a
notification bell and if you're not
follow me on Twitter ready make sure you
follow me at presenting and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
on the next daily vlog and over the next
couple of days we should be having some
fun adventures I got some cool ideas and
I say hit up banks and rice come see if
they wanna kick it and do some cool
stuff and this header down so uh yeah
not some cool where have some cool shit
plans so much love thanks for watching
understand D closed
