how do you know about going to bed at
6:00 a.m. to the World Cup at 10:00 a.m.
this is what I like to see a fresh two
groups that will know your road or a
fresh lineup of syndicate shirts and
today we don't take me in mother
truckers that time I'm there in the
bedroom and is in the Boston I can hit
I'm the ghost sounds like right fine
called karma bitch the ghost of the
clothes did you get Vidya scared bad
I've got a better idea
listen you were freaking the fuck out
just got delivered today at 7 o'clock
this morning I delivered what did you
say it was can he said what it was you
so there's a shelter it's a few yeah he
said it was like the top of something is
it sort of use
yeah oh what the off on open agency
Francis fish is killing us but there are
a lot of shell aportfolio war like an
hour ago so describe our other top on a
shelf yeah I'm really full of yeah
closes you turn these until told it one
sir when to detonated oh no no that's it
oh hi mark get some work done get some
work done second attempt no II feel it
no AC there's escape in the room it's
super hard get some work done oh you're
fired
feel it now 5 - I know you work and you
work hard our dad ah hit me why would
you do that I did that I did not feel
good oh hi buggy right Irish boy time to
come clean or go home you got challenged
you gotta make me my brother a cup of
tea
a British cup of tea ok so where's my
glass
up there sugar and I'm gonna let you
find out whether this cat was do you
know where the cat was I'll be back in a
minute when you can't go coffee sugar
tea bye Brian have you found the kettle
yet cold cold see how long it takes
Brian to find the cow
how long Jackie not taken okay I love
Rick you'll find that I don't oh my
goodness me the Irish man is a genius
dad you know my bad knee supposed to go
and get money checked out on the 5th of
August which was I got it checked two
months ago then it gave me a 5 min a
month after and then it suppose we
coming up yet well guess what they've
Reeboks it again for a month in advance
I'm gonna play a34 Vargas I need to just
go private but money will be sealed by
then fuck you mark okay no mark go away
mark oh hey Mark what don't you think
he's one of them mountain bikers uses an
electric bike you changing
look at that look I didn't eat your
exercise gum soft I got here cool oh
that's two different types of tea that I
don't know I'm looking out for fucking
filming all right which ones which this
is yours
it's a command predicted I such a
good-looking couple I'm actually give
you a look rating 10/10 extended and
also pointed to Carl 43 in azusa girl
I'll tell you that shit to make oh fuck
you
I don't potatoes too hot that way and
the over one summer look I'm gonna go
for a you know one of those fake sets
- ha pecially
yes one sugar if you didn't have tiny
little fucking pussy boy baby spoons
they give you a little bit more a half
that's half a teaspoon that's not even a
teaspoon
what is that a teaspoon that is a baby
yep that's a hobbit teaspoon it comes in
here and it sucks my teaspoon
I hate stamen do you want a little wax
worm wonderful remembers what it is oh
my god is like dead staring face Ryan
well run you can eat clean your fucking
room yes no no video games until you
clean your fucking room it's a fucking
disgrace for this fall are you having
hardcore masturbation session oh oh
goodbye mark goodbye mark I thought it
off sorry I said I thought it off long
before David Stephen I know who easily
are you playing are you playing on my
sofa you're banging on my sofa Roger are
you knowing where you're going come back
Syrian citizen I know them try the best
to get Steve out as much more often as
possible just so he like is a bit more
exercise something myself reading my
vlog Steve managed to crawl all the way
around to here walk down the little ramp
I made him where's he gone Steven wait
what hahahaha what are you doing what
are you doing Steven I've got about from
a vlog you little shit while you're
doing hold if you can see himself in the
mirror I thought
minja boy baby subscribe berry month
arrow holy snap Punk subscribed for 24
months arrow as well oh my look at the
kite wall
look at this eyeballs yeah yeah multiple
subscribe on subscription video bro bro
96 would be a 31 month subscription oh
my gosh not hypo is gorgeous you better
know I'm rocking up take a look and I
don't give a oke now I'm going to the
grave Wesley is going to cut me my god
damn and so that's where we're going
it's raining outside it's going to cook
but all I need is a jacket I shall be
fine
oh if the rain wasn't enough of a
problem I've now found my next issue I'm
wearing my ultra boost and I need to get
through this puddle and it's about that
thick you might think it is trust me
it's like that okay that's sick aha wait
I found a solution watch this watch this
watch this
click around the edges always so much
watch watch watch watch look I'm a
genius I'm not a genius I need both
hands for this any book this was a good
idea
well it's not about it but now it's a
really bad idea so I need both hands
burn our backs nailed it
didn't get wet I just army troll the
Wong defense little did I know there's
god damn barbed wire or it so that's not
exactly the greatest thing ever but I
succeed in my mission of not getting
feet wet
however it's raining so there's still
justice but still getting wet I went for
the the potato hair look today with
Stella great
which was the cookie me
I really don't like and truly don't have
an appetite you've got to create me an
appetite you've got to get me saliva is
that sometimes chicken
I can't about is I went to Chinese on
that and bought three portions of that
shit so none of that the me tonight
what do you recognize you now
yeah and one walk off the beach
Peter whoa I'm not fussing not a peep
from you a good recommendation I'm going
for it if I ain't I know who to blame
don't kill me
hey just do the West because why what oh
did you all right okay hey just one
thing make sure there's no curry under
in it I don't like that oh thanks
no burning metal cousin Brian's got a
thing for stealing women right everyone
thinks you're stealing my sisters oh
I'll keep them away from your missus how
could this be from about three really do
give it a thought out then the speaker
oh all right I'm excited
oh wow
yo don't be jealous Ryan so you're not
blinding you know my flashlight or
anything I believe will it take oh my
gosh how yeah you know I'm not a fan of
these I'm just gonna take you today what
are you doing about leaves leaf it out
man that looks pretty good that looks
pretty good in Gail we gonna fall the
joke have you tried it already okay okay
you prepare yourself I'm going to ask
you for a sin out of 10 a 10 or a rating
out and a rating out of 10 mate okay can
get the most to be sauce all here it is
it looks pretty good actually
please tell us your night wait wait let
my dad test isn't healthy one how are
you supposed to pour E in the bag we're
just talking about doing the sort of the
Monday night stadium and then I realized
that obviously I told you the story of
how I call Stephen Wesley because I kiss
his nickname and I looked in my back
pocket and I found my one yard of dirt
it totally didn't just give it to you 12
seconds ago and we filmed it for energy
but just sure
- yes okay bye now you can take your big
big fat coat and get out of it have you
paid your bail it's cold hey just cost
me nothing scarier than to Lincoln's
great did it yeah bet it did
that's why it came in XXL my medium okay
bye dad
goodbye now and boy Becky this is the
most gruesome voting thing ever
you ready would you rather get killed by
you know with enroll in wheels like on
the cat called steamrollers would you
rather get killed by steamroller or have
your arm crushed and you die in and out
deep and die by a meat grinder so you
feel your arm get grinded into me or get
rolled over by a a slow-rolling I think
I've seen before you get the legal you
can get come back up Gorge it oh you do
the grinder Osteen oh really
here you go hot drink on Ricky and you
actually you spot a drinker Oh Ricky
Hannah spilled drink on him that's a
shame
how do you feel about meeting your idol
well I do I live in Idol how do you feel
about me means Linda notorious Ricky Han
by me he's a legend kind of drunk a
little bit just a tip just a wee bit
he's not he'd been drinking he been
drinking
hey man do you like porn yeah 5:04 how
much do you like fun dear like porn POA
when I start partner that's what I felt
Florida
listen I know too broad lord have fun
I love throne of God
right Jesus Tom yes right yes well just
some part of me ah what something torn
of me so surprised
pronto run harder
I have Sam so sorry about today's vlog
been like always why was today's blog
late
yeah we were just casually we're just
walking
no we neighbors that Lonnie welcome to
the club he was like half sick so it's
written shit the blog we just truly
forgot English well you did no no yeah
like a joke of the week yo John got
anything I need to get myself up a
thousand down Denis that and again and I
say we need to need to shout
oh never boy goes will say says me just
fine Shaw is gonna be why did I take the
people with whis I hated brundin is that
say honestly I don't know run down or
your friend in the cricket I see that
guy rocking like what looks like oh good
I like it it shut out your face and dog
get if you want to get your shout out
what you got to do tree Aspen ecology
with the bar you're wearing your legacy
colleges Wow in a hole
sorry for being late make sure you leave
a like rating
hit the subscribe button ding dong that
Bell and so even a powerful
