okay doc Jones all right this is giving
me the one of the most random daily
vlogs ever but I'm gonna try and see if
it's gonna work because what I'm gonna
do as the potential to fail fail then
fail some more I don't know how I'm
gonna do it I don't know what's gonna
happen but this is the only way I am
managing to get this daily vlog to go
alive all right this is this is I've
never done this before well no this is
done life of Tom life that's not what I
want to call it crap all right we have
to change the title all right so welcome
if you're watching this right now and
this is a video on YouTube I do daily
vlog you know life of Tom and this is
the dedication that I go through my vlog
uploaded to YouTube but wouldn't process
as a video and I've not missed a daily
vlog this year yet and it is currently
10:40 right now so it's 10:40 p.m. if I
try to upload the vlog through my
computer it would take probably around 3
hours for me to upload so I'm doing is
I'm gonna try and stream the video for
you guys to enjoy I'm gonna disappear
from this corner up here it's gonna
disappear you guys will be able to enjoy
the vlog it's 36 minutes long so enjoy
it watch if you would like do whatever
you're gonna do but that's that and then
that's hopefully gonna be it so this is
very out the ordinary for me so I'm
gonna try and find out where the hell
the livestream is right now cuz I don't
even know if there's a link I don't know
if there's anything I've never done this
before okay I've never ever ever done
this before I don't know what I'm doing
this is apparently 7,000 people in there
I got a tweet this out just so people
can find it like I don't know how to do
it this the audio mode that audio maybe
I was saying but if you are thank you
very much for understanding that I try
every single day to get my vlog uploaded
and this is the only way I've found
possible to get it to your faces so yeah
I should really snapchat and stuff that
this is happening of which much I'm
gonna do right now so if you want to
follow me on snapchat its indica is my
snapchat so this is the length I'm going
through I'm now live-streaming
the episode of today's vlogs if you want
to watch it make sure you go to life of
Tom on YouTube right now to be able to
tune in
alright there we go alright so without
further ado I'm gonna hope that this
turns into a live video straight
afterwards if it doesn't then we've done
goofed is that anything else I need to
change people's and blogs stream i
clicked a button I don't even know what
I just did
I think I'm good to go all right so is
everyone ready to watch the live stream
I think the answer's yes maybe no we
don't know like I said I don't even know
if this is gonna peer as a as a VOD
straightaway afterwards or anything so
yeah this is oh yeah we will change your
title weren't we how do i how do I do
that I don't supposed to be like a
professional everything like that but I
have no idea what I'm doing
well I've life of Tom livestream episode
and then it's gonna be I separate it
s-sir surprise package from rock from
rock star gaming alright this is Matt
this is Maya this is my way of doing
this surprise I can't believe this time
to my vlog this is crazy this is crazy
how I'm doing this vlog right now I'm
just hoping it works it might not it
might not work which is your daddy
livestream episode I sprat a surprise
package from rockstar gaming all right
I'm gonna save this hopefully this
updates the tile everyone if you refresh
the stream you should see a new title is
that gonna work
is that gonna work scroll down life of
trauma livestream episode past a
surprise package from Rockstar gaming
alright we're good
alright I'm hoping this disappears I'm
gonna move the microphone my face is
gonna like just vanish you ready OOP OOP
there you go
and I'm gonna try an attempt to click
Play
when I click Play it should play the
episode are you ready it might be really
loud so watch your ears in three two
all right good morning let's start this
damn get productive first of all the
weather is absolutely crap well second
of all don't worry about that I have a
booked and I how they know us a little
bit they're right inside this box we
have a package from rockstar gaming not
too sure what they've sent me bought the
delivery guy just wet I said who's just
from anyone rockstar gaming so what's
inside okay box what is inside you oh
that looks sick oh I don't know he's
dope what is this what is this note what
is this with compliments oh gosh I'm
going to struggle to read this with
compliments thank you for your long-term
support of I games hope you enjoy a new
collection of rockstar gear and hope to
see you soon
oh thanks guys oh that is a dope bag
that is so cool really nice material as
well what yeah everything customized to
a tee sheesh oh I got a swag package of
clothes gonna go ahead and check the
sizes was it mediums nice we've got one
Rockstar shirt Kabam we've got another
Rockstar shirt this is white where's it
where's the where's the where's the
print is there anything on this white
t-shirt white t-shirt Oh what this is a
white t-shirt with a white print or is
this like glow-in-the-dark paint uh
something like I'm not too sure white
t-shirt
I'm back in an episode all right so
everyone saying it's out of sync but
this is literally nothing I can do that
right let me show you how I'm doing this
look I've opened it up in in this window
because I can't do it any other way
because when I play like this you guys
can't hear this right look there's no
audio no audio comes out so I have to
play it in this window and there's
really nothing I can do about making it
work
I'm really sorry there's nothing I can
do if anyone has an answer teacher why
please let me know industry she ate it
because I like some people are saying
it's instinct from people so people
saying it's out of sync so I really
don't know what to say guys I'm really
sorry if it's out of sync for you I
apologize again
I did try arresting not quite seeing
that really done before but okay next
one we got coming up is gonna be rocks
oh wow connects our blade nice made in
the UK I like that very cool this bad
boy let's take a look let's take a look
unfolding unfolding what a black shirt
with black fur on it okay that is so
much I like that I was gonna do that we
seem to get original black big black on
it and just release it as like a cheaper
design just because it's not what I call
reused in it so it could be cheap not
saying that that product cheap just
saying that it'd be cheaper to make
because there's not loads of cause and
stuff but okay next one plus 98 rockstar
games oh cool
well what a very American shirt I like
it though I like it next up how many did
you send me I don't have to just say
this right now
I like that I've just received an entire
package full of new t-shirts you know
like like gaming shirts stuff that will
wear stuff I won't wear what I've got
this all these are going to charity and
that's a lot of shirts I'm trying to get
rid of it's almost like Rockstar knew
that was trying to get rid of my clothes
so they were like idea why don't we give
him even more clothes holders shirt will
be the blackened red raw look wait does
this cross is black and red wait let's
look at it it's been a blue for the
creme brulee yellow bit of red but
majority I'd say black and red
cynic original raw shirt poly need to
wear the shirt more often it's like one
of my top the redesigns it syndicate
original the white version looks so much
better but oh my god well go nice that
is I've got to take them off the hanger
put them into a big bag baby call me
when you can't bin back Oh fu step
really hurt alright so we've got a
Rockstar Games t-shirt nice another one
camouflage style that's all I like this
this is something that we're gonna be
doing to get original maybe a little
pocket tee I really like that something
you know just simple we like few little
designs in it I think that's like the
the Shaq rage pill or whatever it is the
lightning bolt the boost and then like
the put the pill okay I like that I like
that what's this bye-bye oh that's
trippy that looks like the design for
that new new film called nerve I likes
it and then is that the same one
oh then we got another one by t-shirt
version of the rockstar games nanny
which I should have bin bags underneath
it yes I do thank you me and which so I
keep the hangers I thought I did anyway
I'm gonna keep the hope yours I'm gonna
drop off all the clothes that syndicate
original and my mom's gonna take them to
the charity shop short it Allah to bin
bags full of clothes
loads of empty hangers but also I need
to continue in here because remember
like oh this is your centric original
covered oh yeah it kind of no cuz it's
like I'm not alright this raised the top
in forever I'm obviously keeping that I
haven't wore that I don't wear this I
don't wear that I don't wear that so it
can't they only to go I have so many
cupboards in this room and all of them
just consist of holding and hoarding
onto clothes that I don't wear these to
be used for a better cause three big-ass
sacks full of clothes for charity or
planned let there be light and now to
try and pack up my syndicate original
stuff like don't get me wrong
this isn't like stuff that's damaged or
anything light it's just I've got so
much syndicate original stuff that like
these are maybe size smalls and now on
the medium you could be like yeah Thomas
because you were because you got fat but
I'd like to say it's because I'm big
boned
you judgmental people but hey that's a
win
I'm twenty good killers like I have to
admit this is another pet peeve of mine
I like all my coat hangers just to be
black and the same
but this is just driving me crazy this
is not gonna fit geesh and realize it's
so much clothes wait what is the test
will it shot never sweet I can actually
start my day now it's 5 to 2 in the
afternoon I've got all the clothes
packaged ready to rock and roll my house
is feeling much cleaner driving me crazy
it's just fill them full of crap so
let's feed Steve and its head to
syndicate Rijal oh I don't have faith
you're not gonna spill so can you just
not do that way I felt which one's mine
that one's mine I'm gonna put you there
okay now I feel more secure now I feel
even more safer Alice the office doesn't
look like it tip it looks great and you
know why it's because we're busy because
you've got all these new cases in stock
everyone asked you up on seven six plus
seven plus eight plus edge edge seven
six eight five what more i phone six 6s
iphone sevens we know the iPhone 5
iPhone 5
I'm liking him
I'm liking him okay that looks nice
that looks nice that looks good like
skip I have to admit Thomas but more
importantly guys we're working on the
limited edition cynic original next drop
and I'm really excited for it still it's
gonna be a lot of work but I'm stoked
and I think it's the most meaningful
limited edition run we've ever done so
when it goes live it will be going on
sale for a weekend and a weekend only so
if you don't get it you'll never get a
chance to get it ever again oh the
charity you're taking away from charity
house where penguin drunk penguin look
it's not throwing up its mouth it fall
encased on unto them you mean you did
four minutes did four minutes remaining
yeah healthy and then your health even
myself the pregnancy on the way out yeah
that's so sick can you please let me get
that come in you look after the country
cause it's a badly raised chameleon
imagine Kevin could bring Kevin here in
a little hot box and then it could just
crawl on about the new sausage fire
at five a year you can't find me you
find it you'll find your fine without
you still living yeah you fired fired
July you're not find until we saw these
phone cases then you fired - phone cases
everyone quick that everyone quickly buy
the new cases and they can quit you
gonna have a baby
yeah what was in Alice is about to tell
us the most popular syndicate original
design of all time wait wait coming in
at number three is in you is the most
popular t-shirt with ever sold music
number three yeah is the matrix t-shirt
oh wait really
wait the matrix okay yeah yeah number
two yeah is the Royal I mean number one
all-time best-selling t-shirt is the
life's too short make the most of it
what color black has to be black black
right yeah Dean made when this limited
edition drops it's got a drop in style
we need to we need to set a number one
new record for this new edition it's not
exactly good at drawing but when I do
designs I do designs alright so you know
we keep a folder of Tom's designs Oh mom
what's it oh there's that smile look at
look at me mum look smile Oh Alice you
look like you're so high in drunk right
there that's wait should we try and
replicate this is this is more my sister
right um mum you gotta pick her up
right we can do this we can do this
replicate it right now let me kill
myself what have we done it right like
right mom you need to look smiling
what's your hair what are we doing here
no I look at--look drunk and high
looking up in the sky
no no not you mum mum you look at me
looking smiley Alice drunken Hines guy
oh that's adorable
all right where's my photos what there's
no photos of me I can't replicate it
mummy you're eating it focus what you
read no no crusts got bit of paint
thinner on the floor there what you're
doing can you remember that moment
wait wait that's you you're like a boy
kid leave up Kodiak paper
oh that's mendon you do actually we
apparently passed off as a baizen it
worked
look at you were your fists like you're
about to beat someone up
that's familiar I need to remind people
if you are not attending insomnia 61
right now there's the details there's
the date I'm gonna be there every single
day do meet in Greece every single day
to meet as many people as possible and
if you want to get tickets is that the
website link there go to insomnia gaming
festival calm that I'll put a link in
the description all right if you use the
code I 61 syndicate gay so 10% off oh
it's like who's gonna be there yeah cow
cow it's gonna be working for first time
cows will be working for first of a time
an event so if you're not got your
tickets for i61
go now link in the description not tell
me we had this oh my god it's magnetic
boy oh that's a magnet inside it oh my
gosh oh how do I get it out look at this
look at this I'm recovering
I'm recovering with them the magnet cube
from the middle of it just won't let go
you've done magnet raise yourself raise
yourself oh I'm trying not to touch it
look at this
Alex you seen this oh now it touch I
could continue it look it's always looks
devouring it devour it that's awesome
well that's weird that doesn't look
right
it's almost gone
someone's gone Thomas go focus focus
focus
show me your pregnancy car yeah ever be
nice to Alistair right this is a fun we
channel
it's very drinking we're not telling you
your fire which only you look pregnant
is it balanced no it's I feel like I
need to address this again I'm not lying
to you guys what I'm saying
Alice didn't get marriage she's engaged
to Cal and has been four years that's
not why we put the champagne alice is
not pregnant or having a baby that's not
why we popped the champagne in case
isn't why we popped the champagne
Tom didn't get a girlfriend and pop the
champagne
it has nothing to do with any of that
and everyone's so convinced it's to do
with Alice being pregnant no I'll tell
you that but it's something completely
different which I can talk about just
yet so I know you guys want to know but
just take your time stop the
conspiracies not pregnant not got a
girlfriend not got a pregnant girlfriend
not got pregnant sister not married oh
sure that's a steadies tom gay and I'm
not gay
I swing I swing the way of the ladies
you you got you guys saying like you
like these being sad well guess what is
it in the next 24 hours if you are you
gonna get the chance to win a signed
poster this is actually something better
worth siding giving away we're gonna
give all on the way one likes to shop
make them up three straight I'm gonna
write one slash out of three on it three
sign that life's too short make the most
posters
using a gold pen looks so sick oh yeah
oh it's so nice and golden love it as a
first one first one second one and then
skip to the end so it's nice and fresh
and then three tweet us when you get it
at syndicate og on Twitter so we can
find out which one it is and I'll
retweet it as long as you've got there
three three the two three so oh I forgot
yeah put cream on my chin ah yeah I'm
gonna have to film from this angle so
you can't see it but hey if you order
anything from Cindy original anything in
the next 24 hours you're gonna get the
chance to win one of them through sign
posters so no link of the description oh
my god a shaving accident that just went
wrong my mum put some cream on it she
was like Tom you need this cream as that
okay cream oh I love you guys enjoy
Russell you're doing good bye yes
walking away with two cases for me to
practice the dipping on well excite I
need to clean this case up it's got a
bit do it on it book cannot wait to
practice Tiffany's this sick
transfer that I'm gonna try I'm thinking
that's gonna come out really good and I
got some notes down on this there's a
piece of paper that I think I left
inside but I got some sick notes for
designs that I'm gonna create for custom
transfers so man when I get that going
it's gonna be so sick thank you very
much by the way for all the love and
support with this project it's only just
starting and I love the fact that in the
bio of all the things I said you could
call it a syndicate project I'll cool
that all right we're looking good right
I'm gonna go see hello to Cal real quick
and see how he's doing
he'd better be in he'd better be in I
hope he's bollock naked on the sofa
let's find him where yes yes
he's there I don't know why it's not
focusing I found him but but I can't see
anything
wait wait wait wait wait wait really all
the way I love you buddy bowling this
week nice Holly Warlick right next stop
home and streaming The Sims
I've got about 25 minutes before need to
be home so I am good to go depending on
traffic is this is this really on the
radio pretty green eyes what is this
twit to 2020 Tony to play what what is
this 2007 share with my dates there
well this song really really want to
take off no no it's not I really want to
take my front playoff and just have a
big grill and it maybe put like my
license plate in there you can do that
ish I think it'd be okay if someone
knows more details at that please let me
know also I picked a very weird shoe
choice today no flip-flops no boosters
loose you know why
she's feeling the extra height I guess I
just went into an absolutely delightful
set of people in Tesco Jack and Lindsay
very nice to meet you guys they saw me
getting my supplies I got I got surprise
surprise
I'm so much monster and trying to be
healthy snack for Jax
there's a light snack midstream but very
nice to meet you I can see them walking
towards me now they said they watch the
vlogs every day so if you're watching
this right now I'm walking so I'm gonna
put my seatbelt on drive home try and
hide road it and then start my stream
and there they are you know I'm a vlog
kodoku Jones I have to form KC and I'm
gonna attempt to dip them this one I
think he's gonna work perfect dips even
though it's got like a rubber coating as
noted by Alice rubber coating it's got
this rubber coat into it but I think
that may work well with the hydro dip to
stick to it and then this bad boy is
shiny sticky like SIA
it's shiny so I think this you need to
sandpaper down for it to stay but I'm
gonna be attempting it without sun paper
in my blog oh that's just close she were
just not gonna work
true but I wanna see what happens so
also the rinsing process could try to do
that differently as well let's do it
let's gear up
oh shit no I don't the case will fit Oh
whoa hold the phone I've never seen this
happen before
oh look at that when I put it in the
film itself tall like this it wasn't
damaged but that happened without me
even touching it unless it wasn't me
touching it no no so I'm not too sure
how that happened but I think there's a
knot there is just enough for me to be
able to dip into it actually I'm
quitting what are you giving up no I
need to scream so I'm not rushing the
process
it's only a bowl of water that I'm
wasted and the other bowl that I throw
away but we'll come back after the
stream I'll do it - perfect cases that
are clean I really want to get them
right so I'm gonna give I'm gonna give
the transfer time to unroll and
hopefully you know again and then it'll
be great so I can also I need start
streaming in 30 minutes how you doing
today
you're just chill there's a lazy way of
chilling your game out there you want
some food let's throw some in we need to
remove I don't see any cricket so that's
a good thing you're eating I'm watching
right now I need to give a massive shout
out to Johnny Johnston who is the first
sponsor on the stream of the syndicate
project episode 5 so I'm streaming gotta
go much love good bye
much love - vision gaming 12 who's been
subscribed for 33 months I'd switch how
many babies we've had mate it's a lot of
babies holy crap let me show you
something nasty you might be lack what's
gonna be but let me show you check this
out right so it's playing this game
battlegrounds a player unknown
backgrounds right and I'm just like I'm
a noob I'm new I'm a noob noob right
look at me looking around can't see
anything look at the top this building
that person moved and I'm like I mean
there's a guy up there look at my face I
did not expect to get that in the
slightest I was so proud did a bit of
streaming after the Sims on Twitch and
it felt good to show you on Twitch but
it's just like trying to find my balance
of daily vlogging daily vlogging
streaming I didn't do my gaming youtube
channel at the same time he's just like
like I'd love to stream like all day
every day but my eyes couldn't take it
because my screens brightest it's just
like I feel like my eyes are being eaten
from the inside I love going outside and
just traveling and doing cool shit but
there I love doing gaming videos at the
same time at the moment so I'm kind of
like how do I find a balance ground I'm
sure I'll just work it out I'll just
wing it but to everyone you just kind of
go to the flow thank you oh it's not
good mate this is a channel that made
called would you rather
and I was like that is so smart I like
that cuz I was gonna do it like maybe
like a host in TV show and like do
interviews with youtubers and stuff like
that and yeah mixture would you rather
and I was gonna do it as like you know
and if you in select and shit but then I
just can't do it so I'm like now I want
to leave my channel really yeah YouTube
channel that don't bleed usually it look
one today's do it click it go on they
took a lie click it in come back so good
I believe I did a channel I didn't mean
to delete yeah they're still here but
this says sorry we cannot sign you in
whilst your YouTube date wasn't joking
please right yeah fuck wait read the
description oh I delete it
God that was scary said what
because for the record I'm not trying to
delete my main YouTube channels I'm just
trying to leave yeah I'm just trying to
delete these old accounts attached to my
YouTube channels every time I log in to
ask me to log into the other accounts
that I'm not trying to do that I need to
go downstairs and dip those boy phone
cases looks like the file is ruled out
nice and neatly if I take this officer
he's gonna do a barrel roll nope nope
nope nope nope perfect alright
got my mouse good yeah yeah that was
really good that's very really really
well spread Ino don't like that
hopefully when it touches the side it
will stop I've gotta leave that for 60
seconds without me all running away
yeah I don't think the accident this
film sucks man
this film absolutely stocks they serve
was it called this transfers horrible
that transfer was terrible it's not even
because of the surface it's not
otherwise it would have stuck to some of
this book the transfer just did not
stick whatsoever mmm looks like it
activated a bit better it looks like
it's ready to get dipped to be honest
but I think it needs a bit more time to
absorb plus there's a piece of it there
so I've got trying to ride that alright
well shit I'm taking more time I've
wiped off the stuff off the case because
I honestly did not have it stuck to it
so I'm gonna do a test real quick on
just like some random objects that I
know will stick yeah you go again was it
temperature putting in the transfer
watch how quickly it changes like it
just grows like a shade has come over an
edge it absorbs there's quite a Cuban it
does that wrinkle thing look it is like
some transfers do it quicker than others
so then when I put the primer on it
sells so good these little edibles I
don't want these no not mr. bubble oh no
that's it all right
which is spread okay it's bread look at
its spread perfect Oh beautiful
absolutely beautiful look I do get
really shaky house I'm not gonna lie
you'll see my house like hmm I just need
to like be confident this ticket that's
what she said I would you don't want the
plan to go didn't really matter but I do
wish had a bit more grip on it that's
like right now picturing our that I
would
oh good oh good
see if you look at it right now ignore
the wavy pattern if you look at it now
no tearing whatsoever you can see that
is bubbly things at the top I'm not too
sure whether they're actually bubbles
that were underneath the file or
something for that to appear because
that doesn't like it'll be an issue I'm
not too sure why that's actually there
but the rest of it will come perfectly
it's a weird line you can see in it but
look I like perfectly that came out now
I'm not going washing it straight away
I'm gonna give it a second before I wash
it wash off all the excess pbx it's got
like a layer of glue on it I'm just
giving it a second before I wash it off
with warm water and see how it turns out
please don't damage it I'm using warm
water to remove the excess PVA I think
it's starting to do up there where the
bubbles look like they were that's weird
that God that did it good that's like
99% perfect that
I need a hundred percent perfect did
stick in certain places the edges though
did not want to stick whatsoever like
here at all
where's the middle section really stuck
well look at that look how nice that is
if I could get the entire case to look
like that oh my god that looks real look
that is all air bubbles that I've gotten
away in little PVA look at that though
how satisfying that oh hell like I'm
just slowly rubbing up I'm gonna clear
this one off and retry Oh a dip test
let's do this and I try a different side
we try it like this this time
okay that was a bit fast it was a bit
fast for my liking bought never know you
never know of course I don't really like
this pretty giver just keeps messing on
but I'm all that truth know what it
looks all right it's got a lot of PVA on
it a lot of PVA I don't see a lot of
bubbles underneath it
I've got the edge is really good it
looks pretty good not with any calls I
am worried about that they'll see at the
top that bubble marks are probably gonna
ruin it for me or fortunately it could
be PVA but at the same time I don't
think it is I think they're bubble marks
underneath Oh looks good by the way
that's not it disappeared in the middle
that's how that print actually looks
doesn't look stretched or anything I'm
just giving it a second to kind of like
chill and stick to it and then down for
the next step
drying it you can actually use this but
I'm going to do it with very careful
very and I've now dried the case so the
PVA stuck to the side of it but you know
obviously I shouldn't be doing this out
touching above them all patterns I do
not like how them textures are
underneath yeah all right all right now
I just have to let it air dry so OH
welcome to think that looks look how
sick that looks oh my god ah yes super
smooth sexy but again this time at least
we managed to get it out with no big
damages to it looking pretty sweet we've
just got a work on look at that I got I
walked over like breathed out my mask
and a white piece came off my oh no
another piece came off a mask oh shit
look
the light oh that is beautiful
absolutely beautiful I cannot wait to
perfect this method just imagine that
silky smooth rim you know bumps behind
it whatsoever
oh the dream it's gonna happen we're
gonna make this shit happen what I'm
gonna do now is let this air dry look at
it in the lie Oh looks beautiful
hopefully I don't drop it but and I
gotta let that air dry so I'm just gonna
leave that in my kitchen let it air dry
so what I might do just to let it air
dry like perfectly wolf all right there
you go it it's there without the wire on
it now the one thing I'm looking at is
the streaks down at where the water
dried off now if you want to air dry I
know it probably just bit faster rather
than this happening to it boy it's re
slower but you might not have this
happening to it so I need to work out
how to stop the streak in process of you
drying but you know it's in some parts
it doesn't have this like bubbly effect
under it where it's like in this bomb
collar it has this bubble effect I'm not
too sure why it's got this like what the
difference between this side and this
side is it might be more transfer on the
side or not I'm not too sure boy I'm
good pop I'm gonna put a clear lacquer
spray on it now give it a minute and
then see how it looks
mm look at that bad boy
that looks beautiful oh yeah I'm happy
with that I'm really really happy with
that look at that my two final designs
of the night mark one a Mac two these
well actually to be fair the dinosaur
cases where's Dennis okay this is
technically Mark one oh good this guy i
honest to god cannot believe how good
this came out it's stupid how amazing
this came out like perfectly clear no
air bubbles it lacquered really well
like feels perfectly good so here's mark
one mark to a mark three my babies
they're going we're going after a little
photo shoot with my phone cases I'm now
really tired it's 5 o'clock in the
morning
I'm going to bed I'm definitely going to
take breaks in between doing the cases
my dad gave me a good warning about the
the fumes and when I spray them I've got
my garage door open and stuff so you
definitely do it in an open space I feel
fine I wore that mask boy tell you what
I was really tired I'm just really
really tired and I'm glad I managed to
get these final cases done tonight tell
you what I am a proud father right now
I'm a proud father Mac one Mac to the
Mac sorry
you bitches game framed I know it ladies
and gentlemen
I am one tired mr. syndicates so I'm
gonna go to bed thank you very much for
watching
look what I'm doing to a body I'm
wrecking myself wrecking myself I'm not
actually having a shitload of fun but
the way I'm doing this right now is just
so inefficient but when I get it rocking
and rolling the way it's supposed to do
I'm gonna be so proud I'm gonna be so
proud 35 minutes long I just finished
edit in it and it is 525 so I'm not
trying it uploaded thank you very much
for watching make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe if you want to follow
incased on twitter facebook or instagram
i'm gonna put them all in the
description the website isn't live yet
so don't worry about that but I'm
working it cuz first of all gotta get
the product right gotta get the
prototype look around but mom thank you
very much watching please make sure you
make sure you leave a like green I will
see you guys tomorrow uh more like 1129
okay and yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
for the Xterra vlog much love and if we
can hit if we can hit I tell you I'm
gonna do that even though we're doing
that post to giveaway in the vlog today
if if we can hit 33,000 like rains are
you wasting the original case on Twitter
right now so make sure you format press
NDK I'll see you guys tomorrow much love
and uh tips and there you go A's German
for everyone who's like what the hell is
going on how is the vlog still going
what is happening right now to explain
to your guys faces I uploaded the vlog
at 6:10
today and basically what went down is
YouTube's process has just been broken
all day the video was 36 minutes long as
you guys just enjoyed a very very very
long vlog but what happened is that
YouTube just wouldn't process it it
wouldn't it wouldn't appear it wouldn't
do anything and I just couldn't like
show it to you guys it wouldn't be alive
so I was like what do i do do I Drive -
if I try to upload it in my house it'd
take three hours to up world if I drove
to a car park in the middle of nowhere
and uploaded it I could upload it in
about half an hour but I don't know if
it process so I was like you know what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna livestream it so
that was the dedication that I've
basically just gone through today - live
streaming for you guys faces and to the
millions of comments if everyone like
this makes no sense this is no life how
is he Trump couldnít if you took a
second to read the description you'd
noticed that I said I'm I'm
live-streaming the episode I tried to
try to help you guys I tried to explain
but this is basically what I had to do
to get today's episode live so that is
another day with a live with a vlog for
your faces like it's done it's out there
and I'm hoping that once this live
stream finishes and it processes the
video will go live but this means I
shared a daily vlog with my audience
before midnight which means it was a
daily vlog so it was like it was a daily
vlog livestream so there you go I was
actually reading the chat the entire
time I want to thank the mods have been
super cool I want to thank everyone for
being super cool like I said it was like
somewhat new and I actually really like
this technique and if I could if I
really really could edit my vlogs by 6
p.m. every day I would 100% livestream
every episode because that way in the
comments I can reply to it and then it's
like a live TV show for you guys
obviously it would still turn into a
video so like once the videos like once
the the video this what's this stop
playing then it would stop and end and
that's it but I can give like a bit of
commentary on their own things so yeah I
thought it's pretty cool yeah I'd like
to do that more often actually if I get
like another episode over three minutes
long I might do that so because then it
can be like a true true episode so yeah
and to wrap up more questions I feel
like this is gonna vlog because you know
I can I can see you guys feedback
straight away nobody's pregnant stop
guessing as to why the bottles popped
you will find out in due time but yeah
that's it you'll not find out so until
then so much love your faces I'm gonna
go now make sure leave a like creme for
this live streaming episode if I said if
we can hit 33,000 like ratings and
you know we we go for it I'm gonna give
away a Seneca original case on Twitter
so there you go
much love goodbye and I'm gonna go to
bed now all right it is 1124 and the
vlog just went live so I thought this is
a really cool idea if you do want to
follow me on Twitter at Pro Syndicate
I'm gonna be on there right now and been
asked to see what you guys have to say
about the vlog adios
