ah starting today absolutely naked with
the towel in my house which is full of
reflections everywhere doesn't reveal my
boat really helping my neighbors in the
gatherings I'm going to switch this open
bollock naked the right there
let's hope they haven't got good enough
I thought I'd see my testicles really
clean is no one video that one's odd
murica spills my stuff like Oh nothing's
going on in my local village a thing
called well dressing I really don't know
why we do it but we do it anyway so I've
got family friend here and I thought I
know so this is a well and we dressed it
up I've spent ever doing that's quite
nice don't know the person I think it's
just raising money for charities like a
zombie hard at the top of the road there
head it abandoned they're all saying
that they're out for the well dressing
book of a small child in a tree they all
say that out for a well dressing but
it's at a pub that are just getting
pissed at us and they're letting the
heart they have their leaflets and
pamphlets or singing songs let's up the
dye trombone player doesn't get
aggressive in attackers it is awesome
you close off all the roads or
they're coming oh look at that Kimmy
that big trumpet or whatever it's called
really time to dive in so nice know what
I would be pissed if I got stuck behind
me because it's going to take forever
look at us now confirming that school I
went to and I obviously design it and
make it and so critical
well that was quite nice bumping into
all the locals that I known good friends
around the village look like you I just
like giving like community still
anything I just went and looked was like
well after well well hell is going on in
my local enter here it's like a band or
something on and I'm quite sure what's
going on but sure try to eat healthy
this week really said it's chigae
everyday here
time for some sweet dinah time on Bond
Street they decided a chair which is
magnificent any look at this okay
chicken waffles to pad chicken breast
serving golden wattle Smallville maple
syrup the other hot sauce add bacon
Russian oh my god oh my goodness means
that is someone else
and oh my god this is a win so uh it
might not work in that is once I see
chicken body album outfit on you hire
very nice meal and now now very far you
got half an answer eat everything to
reply if you don't just pay 25 quid if
you do you don't agree and I get a
picture on the wall you'll end up on
this board Lisa - losers oh my god
slammed on it yeah
if you guys failed miserably cuz it got
even such a good effort
don't yeah there's no way no way I'm
going on the board I maybe even try it
Oh food baby food baby so forth
so for all of what I do I enjoy that
going out I thought well my ears are
like ringing ringing ringing ringing
from the concerts so I'm just like you
know what I might get a blanket I might
just sit my garden with Steve and just
chill go on then what are you doing here
you washing your bike looking you knows
I was it that's time 27 miles you rode
27 miles shit that on electric bike on
this nice
I'd say teachers you've got Kurt look at
that speed you've gone up Mount
Kilimanjaro on do what I'm doing right
now he's going down here on this grass
laying down comfortably edit my vlog
getting a suntan chilling the hell out
what I'm doing right now makes no sense
I'm walking around outside 44 things and
this smashed glass pieces all over this
garden boy gonna shoot some hoops in the
Sun catch some rays and Charma grass oh
forgot my socks and I say could you
possibly guess where I was sat mmm no
listen gave that away at all how am i
spending my day of chilling out hey
Joanne Casa hit the road USA I've not
seen this yet oh my god I love this what
I could not do that that is so awkward
but what which is hopefully both yeah
you killed especially my life oh there's
no waiting to get that spicy I've a a
hot pepper okay guys that can't be real
surely not dudes I absolutely love you
man but it got really hot in the house
and the food got sway the biscuits
became Marty so I'm sorry my friend I
tried my best to eat as many other
cookbooks as you could not this is what
you call a good-looking cupboard yes
take that kitchen look at that
absolutely nuke the place looks nice and
clean and tidy I've organized up there
it's looking good I've moved all weeping
Louie up there that's a bed cover I'm
not moving out yet over the stove there
but you know what this is looking much
much cleaner I really feel sorry for my
house because I never really give it the
time it it needs because what I'm here I
usually only have like a week and I'm
like going up on all of this somewhere
or going off adventure it again so I
don't really take care of my house that
much but I'm determined whilst I'm here
to do more to take care of itself
I love you my friend I love you why
knock off in the morning over in my face
I'm going from the locker blocks we
about to have the most lit unboxing ever
and you might be like oh my gosh tell me
what did you ever start now as you guys
can see my face I've got all these cuts
over oh my god what's that from
well first of all it's from like bad
dieting and lack of sleep and stress and
all that sort of stuff but more
importantly it's the fact that when I
shape up is I get loads of ingrown hairs
and I usually just pluck them out but no
I don't have the tweezers so I know I
can just like try and pull it out and
flick out so I'm ripping my face apart
so I decided to invest in some remove
yet I don't know I just treated at some
of them so finally got some tweezers
offer Amazon which hopefully they're
going to end my face looking like an
absolute war zone and you know what
because I'm convinced that Alice when
she comes around its going to steal the
treatise about an XSS so come at me sis
try and take my tweezers I'm going to
tweeze tweeze you because these buffers
though these ones I think of like
pulling hairs properly which kind of way
look at like look 50 I do like the
makeup can do like the beautiful it's to
do that pretty sure like these are like
your everyday normal tweezers and then
these ones of like fine pulling hairs or
something or a trap I actually don't
know this is parkansas let me know in
the comments water help this as well I
think and not enough much load to my
sister's friend who I think just got
married what this is like its car
company um yeah your your advertisement
a bit on my fridge for like three weeks
now you're done mate your your rent is
up that's if you're done we have to pay
me to that to going over there next time
is this card but I'm already convinced
it's going to be the right one you ready
so I'm already convinced I'm foot
soldier how
that's what has freed it by the edge of
the hair I could tell what it was on the
end that meant that birthday card Oh
being a fun since you were nuking the
fridge on Modern Warfare 2 to tom
cassell to the syndicate project kiss
after 24 birthday from Josh Gilly off
it's very much Josh I appreciate that me
I was built my water everywhere yeah
like a little bit of what it was a full
body glass full ribbon whoever sent me
this CAD I'm so sorry of ruin this one
already got with carrots they asked
someone already who's this from but take
a look - Tom have a great day
Oh from Sarah Kayne we've seen often
thank you not to shoot love you Center
this but I've got a bunch of Burton
stickers so I'll take them thank you
have a splendid one who's this from open
up - time over a birthday from an
titration called yours Lauren out of our
thank you so much by the way guys it's
not my birthday my birthday was like
what is it my birthday was on the 23rd
of June yeah you guys remember when I
went and like got my knee checked out
the doctors they were like went to the
doctors that knew like we would
accelerate but we don't think it's
anything wrong with you bone cells like
us we just walking on with a really bad
knee and then he went goatee GP so I
went to my GP when I went to my GP like
he did a little live maneuvers on it
instead like that was called a grind
tester okay okay it was like right I'm
going to refer you to someone else
you'll find out where you're going in my
the post in a few days and then we'll
hopefully have you booked in somewhere
for like two weeks time sweet month been
by since then far away and I haven't
earned anything I just found it latter
now which came through on the 3rd of
this month for an appointment on the 2nd
of August I'm not going to find out
what's wrong with my leaf like another
month
oh well and after having three years no
claims on my driving to reinsure my Audi
TT for another year it will cost me two
thousand five hundred and eighty nine
pounds but first of all the weather is
absolutely crap we'll second of all
don't worry about that I have a box with
oh where does Malcolm in the shop be
kinda hot right now so so good fuck you
I say fam because I
and we'll go where you don't watch in
today's blog enjoy bitch you leave like
written struggles to find out what was
inside that box which was a mystery
package from rockstar games
the mentor you live like loads of stuff
LT goes to 6 p.m. for the next bit of
modular doors which puts your babies
I'll see you guys then
ah do
