oh what a way to start a day right close
to the train at nine o'clock nine
sixteen right about now
so in this to try and Brian you ready
for an adventure we missed the Train but
we won't let it stop us
oh we have some matter we're gonna get
there yes forgot about some guy class
going gone anywhere talk about in
something scaling window could be late
may be like way on time right totally
the first part yeah we're fine ah I'm
outside the transmission next train is
at nine forty six and this is the Walter
Scott seconds five go the anything about
that to to do dude dude dude dude dude
look nice and fresh
that's the really do I am are you sure
mint I use your mint stuff I'm a go
simulating
I know and by minn stuff he means like
Body Wash not just men we're all vintage
English right we got to try and get to
the information desk speaks the woman
there and make sure we can get the next
range Preston then to Glasgow Ryan my
used to do the magical job of weaving
his phone in the back seat of the taxi
this trips not looking promising
however so I saw the ticket to get to go
central and luckily prison it's any time
to date okay we've got four minutes on
that clock until we're going to miss our
next train
and if we miss this next frame we've got
to buy entire day I'm hoping see
yourself a true king is dry I hope on
the right train how's your insomnia
Scotland going so fast stress though
gray hair now which sweeper
I think we've sprinted those with the
train about your phone almost missed
this train the backup train let's you
might miss second we stepped onto this
trains the door closed yes and then took
off related it and we didn't know if
this was actually the restaurant we
generally thought the morning members
Matthew I asked applied to MIT because
they are actually going to cable yeah I
buy all right whatever but wants to get
off this one in 40 minutes we've got
eight minutes to find the next train
well we've got eight minutes by an x-ray
and if we miss that all our points today
all of them composed by far this short
delay outside president we are swing for
a platform popular shall be too long
we'll be on our way
some cows are taking the show hotel
affiliate companies later causes
modeling took me two o'clock it's ten
thirty seven are changes 1041 we're
probably miss our own
okay oh my god we just made it oh my god
we mean it yeah not yet I don't work on
it and so it only goes I think ruminated
bone wait let me check okay let's go
price first laughs anytime available
seek yes window work is a very solemn
girls we just spoke a system I would
like there's these gills and they
sounded like this clash was like jealous
Drona guys going like yeah yeah but they
got off and they went where do we go
we're going to platform three so then I
was like Alice technique ain't changed
about part four but when we got off
about an Aston when they said pop on
four but as I said pop before and we
were walking towards I saw the Scottish
because well far away walking to pop Tom
Fidel black so let's hope they're on the
train yes no no - road to a beautiful
Scotland where it's probably going to be
raining and that's just the way it is
Brian told me any switchback which I
didn't get one off banks which also Ryan
say nice nice lots of me
that's lumps up and you know I'm going
to I'm going to go you know I'm going to
do now going to give my audience I'm set
up while raising a joke in the five
years of where we raise that I've never
been able to give a discount coach you
guys ever but they sent me an email
yesterday saying if you use a code down
below and click the link now to click
the link and use the code get five to
send off all your orders from raises so
if you ever been one it's by like a
laptop would you like expensive or
anything like that you get 5% off you
may not it may be like well that's not a
lot that's five cents five seven you
save money so first time you're five
years of it I'll to give you guys five
set off really next time we'll try it
again using a program for control our
control it looks like a bomb I have to
look at one spot all I'm interested
looking for G which is right now look at
those deposits never hurt no one
what we talk about penises harm the
taste of it is know that bad I hope
we've arrived in the oh my god yeah cuz
it's a father please just what a
magnificent moving on let's go hey we
looks like we've arrived in the mill no
work no one here but then Santa want us
so say we've now got again a car and
head to our next destination was we I
don't need we see when I'm walking up
why I'm talking to a camera or when he
swatted is used to talk is recovering
but when he's not shy
it just looks like he's going crazy
shouting hey cuz he's got a gun look
insane all right maybe I'll the train
station into the private car
rocking rolling I am dying unfortunately
because of the delay you won't be able
to do the C point I'm actually stay an
extra day to try and anything claimant
Oh cut you didn't wake you just because
we're long ago I'm from Manchester Oh
understand the rod oh my god we got up
late and miss the train
alright brian has lost his phone we
nearly missed the next train we missed
the seaplane Brian lessees laptop mag
downstairs I washed my envelope and I
just lost my heart and we found it I'm
falling apart at the same you're turning
into prime fork he's not on some up
vibes going to happen to us today Braun
swear I swear of it first of all we
supposed to a seaplane like a tour of
Scotland we missed that by messing with
scheduling so I'm really good about that
however they're going to make it all by
doing some go-karting then maybe a spa
and if we have enough time take one of
the red bushes around Scotland and visit
the entire area if we can't see it Val
can't see by air see if island I want to
see lock netic God God Welcome Reception
I hear defeat oh sweet you know one I
may be a real big advantage because
crying snapchat webcast never know my
help sponsored by game backs
dear wow wow wow
thank you right go everybody that diet
yeah I can't see any I want to slip it
did it in like a more comfortable fit it
in Brian with this looking beautiful
oh this is nice and sweaty this one this
one oh it's nice and my this place looks
pretty damn dope is a bridge in it
you're flying off the bridge
I am excited you excited you I better
hang I be number one champion right we
Wow
I'm excited and I think I'm even more
excited if we do manage to get far
afterwards I'm just I'm so tired and
just wahby fresh for tomorrow the lady
with it's so amazing so you got to go
drinking again
tequila I'm like how fast
look out sec yellow hyung shaky like
crazy right Brown are you ready
this is the squad right now wait so your
fastest time was 31.4 life at the time
is 31 but zero zero five I will try and
create beat 31 the product because
nothing is by the way not just giving
the middle finger the dunam you do nude
legend the gave me erase wrong to follow
of all right wall yeah Roman you need to
be 32
do I tell me why I know by now
let's beat me five this is thirty point
nine two four
because I'm absolutely good and cautious
I need to get a car
so like three five seven one three
biggest what they gave you a sheet with
all the lines of where to turn on
everything didn't give it to me
just beautiful even though I was racing
on my own I still came first thing they
look what I'm doing I'm going to
champion first place it's mine I'm
number one
I'm the champion because way I am
oh my god I need a massage I've been to
so many places like this and then just
being like crap and feel like a fall
apart but this one in Scotland is sick
like proper proper sick and you go like
arcades and stuff in there and
everything
well seems like 15 quid for an adult in
ten minutes like and you may take ten
minutes in a lot when you're racing it
feels like a long-ass time we've meet
tomorrow Hotel spargle tickets like golf
oh hello no cows Michinoku no I was
waving to the cows with the lady way
back break well can't you such a bitch
she knows all the time thank you doing
on it though I like in three two one
I'll come on I'm scary not even so much
as a trump came out of his bottom it's
more in it look at I'm conversing is
over
whoa yeah this is where everyone gets
married a fancy place bar and logic
whoops record what's in it what does it
Alpo so meanings gosh no idea but little
buster
I just know but we've got a male
masseuse wrong with it but I didn't get
slipping we prepared to get grow are you
gonna pass them oh my plate over the
person can hey gonna give me a massage
for 10 minutes I fall asleep and they
have a half hour examiner magazine yeah
you ready just look at where we are
thank you for bringing it look at this
this is so so nice oh my gosh
I might do they do scones and tea here
you're just going to see I thought she
would be to be British Lee Scott usually
Irish yeah oh my god of a trifecta
that's right
who cares about the Welsh oh no I'm
gonna get a whole ten dislikes on my
video from those people no joking I love
those haha lady behind the desk who's
going to judge who's put down the best
occupation right the way the most
creative occupations I don't they you
too brazen
what was your one that you were going to
do you know what these no okay so okay
so not that dark but great if okay oh
these guys are really making a decision
here
oh wait you might I think you've got
this in the bag
wait wait
which one's the winner a what a midget
pasta for / what's your I smell cum it
what's the word wait
oh I didn't know you did that anybody
feel that in what about occupation who
has the worst occupation how did you put
midget fog before but I put dwarf and
Allah I thought you are doing great like
what was June right okay I was terrible
I was much on this bed I could really
use it as an opportunity to sleep really
weird voices payments we've got a bed
for an hour but if my son is not like
that good most the time I usually do
just all asleep though time to get naked
you guys have to climb in it
I how good was that guys so chill that I
nearly fell asleep I nearly fell asleep
it was that good to the point where I
felt in my dreams someone was like
crushing my hand and I want that to pull
my hand away you okay because I was
drifting off so I scared the SH out but
it was so nice I didn't fall asleep is
great it is it you can't make this shit
up guys Brian is the fucking dough
please
idiot I love eggs lefty fuck again you
don't like these reports today he's a
mongoloid I swear tomorrow we get killed
and I will do I'll donate a thousand
pounds to me only or any of your choice
anytime you try if you dye your hair
ginger minds of Isaac anything why not I
came up with that it leave a like rating
right now do you think discussion to any
charity are given on your honor if you
don't I'll give five grand twenty
charity obviously an guy what if we can
both do it
just getting sprayed I can't fucking
read know if that's not dedication just
oh you did yeah you did to do that if
I'm talking June yeah not read drew Joe
mmm good luck mmm-hmm but this is be a
snack then a full bloody meal for a spa
truly genuinely just relax right now
fresh cochere I could be too cute people
Dumbledore warm
are we being a hospice whereas Rosalie
should have filmed it before I butchered
it but this place is looking pretty damn
good so far yeah
night with your favorite I want me
sausage how did you actually hey
Sullivan oxen pinching in Scotland hip
in size in Glasgow little bit a nine out
of ten I was a really nice to find a
trans girl brain
brian has to have it right brain has to
have it you fucking bastard
I fucking hate you where is it where is
it where is it where is it where is it
where is it your system flatness all
right we made it to the hotel
come on Brian get away from me no that's
out of a deepness Tuesday
Lord that is like an old-fashioned
that's our redecorate is who is doing
international and of you every week
Lindsey the most amazing now you catch a
schwa production that's right Sanchez
will put - Lindsey the most awesome host
without a camera
you didn't say what's already youtuber
Scott yeah you're the best honestly the
best hey if you think she's a legend
that way so she's got about six
tequila's Donis SQL right on the Red
Bull so tomorrow at 10:00 my fans down
here and kill Thurman event press
signing you know drinking partying death
home and then sandwich
everything just oh okay
I'm going to pretend I'm being I'll be
here at 10 past 10:00 love you
Oh Lindsay Lindsay you're awesome I
divide who shines in our time person if
you work in this year an absolute legend
we love you thank you for taking care of
us sorry we missed the sea plane didn't
mean to do it
it just happened for God Laurens gotten
so far by the way forgot to show you my
hotel room and it's really damn nice so
I'm going to show you today I'm going to
show you tomorrow as part of the hotel
room
because if I can copy this exact layout
for my spare bedrooms at my house I'm
going to it's gorgeous
I'm not always gender in this vlog here
so thank very much fortunate I have
found the light make sure you leave a
like rating subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow
6h yeah for the next daily vlog
following on Twitter at Pro syndicate on
instagram at syndicate without said i'm
going to bed and this bed looks comfy so
i'm gonna get in it so much love and us
huh oh
