no raise yet I got a bad feeling it's
gonna absolutely piss it down today a
whole thing it was hoping it'd sound
English in the morning I was hoping it
was going to be deliciously sunny so I
could get out one day what the fuck I
said it was gonna be really nice so I
just left the outside so I could hop on
it in the morning for like the Sun
rising behind it looking dead cool and
just kind of like rise off into the
sunrise but I guess that plan failed
today nevertheless ah I just discovered
the worst thing been standing on Lego
standing on a pine cone holy shit eat
the full twisting fabler
hey get my food I'm all done with this
eSports talk hey no this is awesome it
is 10 o'clock in the morning I'm Balaji
make it's their number window hello
thank God he didn't look so right now
I've been with I don't know I'm rocking
my favorite syndicate original show
right now
oh the insignia look look at that can
you just see that am i doing a good job
of filming it would you look at that
would you just look at it
aur√©lie didn't just replay the clip to
make sure you could actually look at
that so I could say hey look at that and
you actually looked at that and I
started my day it is now got a coffee
morning fog is editors good upload it
going to stream for an hour and then
right since the original on my motorbike
this collection of blasted is kind of
getting out on now should probably move
it I have a forever reloading good look
even when I like walk with it it's
always there and again look it's forever
reloaded what the hell is happening I
got my windows being wash they got some
more measuring blinds trying to live
shit at the same time is all popping and
the servers have gone down a little bit
massive shout out to Jamie for CFC thank
you very much to you subscribers Freddie
months in row oh my goodness me
finished room in half past 12 now all I
need to do is click
upload drag today's vlog into here and
how long is it going to say it's going
to take probably hopefully not forever
42 minutes like world's longest rope
from a blind look at that this can't be
real if someone here works for flying
specialist is this it is supposed to be
a thing um an okay day in UK I'm saying
okay just because it's it's okay it's
not too hot it's not raining snow to
cool so it's the perfect day to ride
that bad boy clean is it there's rather
loud lock up there is a proper legend so
I'm gonna go say hello to her as well as
what's this guy doing okay okay then but
okay I don't know what to do so good job
oh and going out my bike today because
this band totally not walking me in or
anything so that's a success actually
not too sure what my dad's doing in it
take it oh gosh doors close can't take a
look
I believe that yep we're having some AC
installed into my kitchen probably
sitting in my snapchats right all my
friends always complain about how hot
this house gets because it's it was
built so sealed and tightly secured to
like air pressure to keep it warm and
winter and stuff are that we never
thought about what about when it's a hot
day outside and it's just sweltering in
here so I'm getting you see that wall
there get a grill put in it with an AC
unit installed so it like blasts call
there on the kitchen so hopefully that
will fix the problem
I've also never been up here my entire
life they're sounds like that stored up
here
oh gosh sneak extra honest to God never
been in this loft in my garage Emily so
I'm just gonna leave it 10 and I was
never up there and forget about it ah
there he is look at him he's do you this
is my this is I've got two brothers and
a sister
this is one of my older brother not my
oldest this is man and he he's dealing
stuff what you doing mark
what are you doing Oh too cool for
school eh to cook the school yeah get
that ass crack out oh yeah oh yeah no
improvement is indicate what you're just
yet we just got some some back door
fixes going on and took my dad we have
that's not great my dad's new snow on
the bathroom nice this is this pure self
hello there I think about me you're very
old tool professor
beside this exam nothing we're going to
be sizing up this hey hey believe me pee
boy it's got a funny food than yourself
and show you guys what you've got to
know and what are you
we went to warp drive from Howard how is
it our way to come here Reggie food
don't look human
it looks like an American bike I'll take
that thank you
I'm starving right now for all of what
it's Groupon or a woman you need to want
to impress things with a hominid when I
came the other day remember Anna Jesus
Oh
you may wonder now I'll pay for all
right I didn't do very last time the
sandwich in the bomb pepper or whatever
no the sandwich would be a big one Oh
the club I didn't pay for it
area okay no thank you Industrial
amounts of our mohammad awsi the same as
well it is still expensive
Oh
you're joking is that like dirty sick
quick roll-up
what okay five pound fifty four three
five busy everyday bullshit
good I'm here we nomicon they come in I
just take it now so out of the front of
the pub because it's 12 o'clock in the
afternoon
look there's nobody here no one in my
local village is out right now apart
from this Karl Italian I'm just driving
past but just say if the Sun without
this would be perfect
eat my strand then head to syndicate
regional hmm
gorgeous bread layers of cheese
sun-dried tomatoes Parma ham
where's basically just called this a
glorified ham and cheese sandwich book
and around defin is that on the menu
that should go on the menu and you call
it
boss she does tell you okay that's so
nice thank you get a pen
do I get a pen for that like seriously
you know if something's but I will tell
you but ten very nice big buck laughing
this day off correctly at a nice snack
time to get on the baby ready time to
fight over which one which I get why
that one - right - there and then a
honeycomb now enjoy your gift table you
can finally have a decent bid love
watching you every day keep it up ups
say hi to the family brought for us from
Conor Davis and now Davis
you bastards absolute bastards as if you
bought me a hipster beard
you bought me your hips to bid AK no as
you guys actually want to send some idea
box it's in the description of every
single blog but Alexander's up Alex said
this is quite fun Ellen no twat book
crow flatfoot okay - Tom - Tom I hope
you enjoyed this book I've added some
interesting embalm to facts be you carry
guards Rhianna beyond everything
everything everything does clothes fly
over my house sometimes stopping
suddenly frozen in midair just try
beautiful produce for my camera
Thank You clothes thank Coast December
you're a bunch of thanks twice trust but
you're able just to add another fan of
the right so I try to fight with chicken
haha keep going Trat Trat Trat Trat Trat
Trat Trat Trat Trat Trat Trat shut that
shit on the car okay try flat iron
mother of free huh trap trap trap flat
see but Apple one yes oh yeah thank you
again in a bit if you wish to reproduce
this quote for official purposes Bible
College maybe I'll to deal with your
original offer a couple packets a
fisherman friends and cook though some
colleagues national we do I reckon will
you send to me alright look at that
other that dated plot legend mom and why
is that right right right right
also I only watch type of Tom and I'm
not on social media well could your
green to vlog me SWAT guys really thank
you so I said thank you for this mate I
really like it
I don't know how you did it but you did
a good job of getting all of spikes for
the bucket of good job I gathered oh I
gather now I might actually go to the
pet shop just did play with a big dragon
and once ago might get go get a latte
for salmon gathered and call it maverick
come on YouTube yes thank well you want
your Bilderberg game
you're the birdcage but you are a
village you can own your community from
the ceiling Alex one thing help me out
me this is the debate the great debate
for Kevin good Kevin a whole just think
about there's a chameleon in the shop I
shall bring you some women you don't
need to know all right let's get to
talking bottom about this issue is mom I
can't do that to can't fit a bloody very
mild ETSU small so jumpers going by a
Land Rover Defender to pull it in yeah
or a trailer go through yeah over in
bogan and I love it right I'm not like
the vendor what Alice Alice Alice I
suppose you would fall somewhere in this
insignia sure by the way I really do
like all adult fought with everyone wow
what was that that supposed to be with
that associates scale is that your way
of getting me back I have to get to live
in shout you cleaner today which I did
you sell some foods not going to work oh
oh she's even fuck lesson you just got a
cape what the vlog says with a pinch of
salt is it that right
do you like I'm truly talking to people
now that cuz yeah and yes is like I said
can take a photo like where you watching
the vlog you see you took photo girl so
now I truly feel like I know like
scrubbing my audience Stacy's not my
fault Alex I'm not being seen as that
motivation if you're watching this right
now you you right there in a moment
I like well I like your face did you
just say an intimate within my exception
well you weirdo I love your face is
there anything you've ever just wanted
to say to the vlog but just thought yes
full-time seconds hello yeah to give a
10 seconds of fame you're like oh got
the bloom yeah
second oh right now tweet wait wait now
tweet look it's difficult so many time I
go to a lot more meetings could retire
because she's going to die when she
doesn't so she liked on a few years in
retirement I see I see to know what
heart is a missing safety one three
senses would you many loss take you on
375 if your order number six one three
seven imagine my you boss odyssic um I
got the number right now at the moment
I've been working remember when we're in
Paris that's not touch that guy that's
what that guy that you probably did give
a howl at yours yes I said could have a
hat and she said no and now I said I'm
dreaming with it and you give me a hand
love you love you more okay now thanks
for the hoodie will you oh boy you are
one mean-looking thing to paint anymore
time I've never thought okay here's it's
actually human looking good look at the
color of you oh my gosh that is a true
true chord chameleon right there where's
this what wolf look attack you're kind
of evil looking for my homies boom who's
out there you are oh you don't look well
have you just got dirt on your book oh
he sleeping it looks so small it see you
look healthy he really doesn't okay okay
oh my God look at them just staring it
yet I'm coming there is one two three
four
five that the mate oh six seven eight
Oh mother there's probably some I've not
even spied Wow that is a crazy
collection of alcal√° there's so many
the hell are you I'm Madagascan Monica's
can they get oh hello keeps Pete Hosey
stick to his glass how is he stuck there
oh yeah right yeah right what you crazy
kid no you just gave up my house in no
time I've decided that all feed ever eat
is locust locust and more locusts are
gone
some of these live giant mealworms some
of Eve and then some wax worms which the
lady just described him as harrybo two
kids so like paranoid kids for bearded
dragons so I'm going to treat the bog it
is gonna piss it down so I'm gonna get
Stevie Street home walk up the bike and
then a spent over the rest of my day
indoors because I may be going bowling
with my best friend Chris I had seen him
in a sweet minute they'll hopefully get
that rocking and rolling hi mate okay I
got your treat and hopefully you'll like
it you see it can you smell it
can you see it can you smell it Oh as
you can see it hungry I'm not so hungry
this should be like candy to you no all
right what about now now you'll
definitely see it on the surface to see
it you're one kid look what it is see
the wax worm what following blade thirty
six months in a row oh my gosh that is
crazy
back at it again back at the grapes
finish trimming for like two hours
I'm just so addicted to stream in the
moment Allah do stream stream stream
stream but when I wake up in the middle
of night like 4 a.m. I just get open
stream so you can follow me on Twitch I
definitely recommend you do
where's his new menus on so I'm gonna
order some more food then I'm gonna bow
in my best friend
don't wake Oh Stephen could good choice
here my friend I'll let him just do it
for me having a steak wasn't good enough
I was always careful prawns and because
I'm only device point upon done with the
rib I could probably ruin the flavor
so he gave me a soda brand I want my boy
well didn't I expect they turn up to a
school play today to sports and friends
and family bump into these two legends
we're in syndication I don't know you
were like a bloody art it's check this
out I'll admit you that's amazing we
gave you the photocopy no because you
know the actors got keep the real one
about I suppose thank you very much
Oh
Oh
thank you for inviting me
oh the local kids Oh Tom taught us so
let me just get you in shock okay
talking gone no no you stay damn it
if I prove it your height you can't see
me fulfillment my heart after you did
the kids do well I'm very proud of them
they did for something out of them did
they do is close if I did it I was it
was actually now they beat me around but
you know what I was actually expected to
be old school and traditional and like
really boring but it was men it was men
like you understand Jones you're a
pretty badass go odds
I mean I mean let me and I'm in my
friend okay great
are you excited to get your ass kicked
hey we got to do the same rules I do we
Cal first person to get a strike fiver
whoever wins the game Atena book because
you've got a kid we'll do it after
stakes two pounds fifty four strike five
per game do we have a deal alright fiver
is full five to go Hey
I'll buy that ring for you now that I
know you broke into the yummy fiber get
up there strike products all right we've
been out of the border for high score is
230 put our dude I love it
no no I thought this was going to be a
walk in the park I got a spare strike
went downhill from there
craters pulled out strike 9 strike fair
was struggling oh my god for that for
hahahah highfive pretty good job just
again Chris what was the final last game
at the fuser I didn't get recorded what
was it how much you owe me 50 big good
walk wit the hot ball games on a game of
pool
it's a crack right like you're in your
element just could you shit work play
mini click on playing cool every second
of your day
Oh about gabbro oh yeah I'm glad within
seconds another one up in this pool
right if you get a cord I'll be
impressed going on oh no I was good
okay gentlemen this is where Chris is
about to absolutely destroy me
I need incident this is enough of this
show now for this gun
oh no you could now easy win push the
button
let's do this then yeah then are you
doing that you're right this one one you
yeah we've snuck you into the vlog
garage came over enough and I got now
fuck like I hate that guy now jokey
thank you for by the way okay
I don't do anything I didn't do anything
what judgment I appreciate that because
I just got compared to the Kardashian I
don't really like that thank you very
much
seen as though you beat me on two games
I think you're good enough I called out
these Bloods on the table he's playing D
thing alright you're going down don't
worry not place the money just before
get-get-get can break first let's go
this guy's pipeline for it he just plays
going around I'm getting hopeful you
look you look with Justin pro-gaming
yeah no look like you're on it or make
them white nearly wedding booking at a
good game good game
more than boy but yeah got that why was
join in I guess
confidence just got the better of me I
beat him up through a bowling trike I
beat him up girl
it envy me to be me twice at pool and
long ago we played some more people and
they beat us so Chris you've got to come
back for a rematch
yeah I not a bowling cook if you're a
fucking bitch don't be jealous of my
heart just because you haven't got one
to cover up your receding hairline okay
it's not my fault my big is what it is
oh really if anything I think I've got
frickin midget is to be honest well you
know whatever
oh my cleaner oh my god mouth looks like
new I'll just say she does say what what
is it what is your case go home you're
drunk
ah I just remembered my brother's doing
AC so he needs I need the space to do
the holes well the plan is by the way
we're going to put here we're going to
put big metal grille in hello and blast
AC air into this house because this
house during the similar time just gets
so damn hot so hopefully that shall be
the solution to all my problems we have
to give shoutouts to musical technician
musical music technician 437 subscribed
months in a row three years and a month
Wow night Chris really subscribe
named for 33 months NRO whoa what
Halloween 10 every 10 Halloween a
thousand and seven thank you very
subscribing 36 months a row haha I
strained till 3 o'clock in the morning
my sleep schedule is absolutely ruined
I'm really tired I want to go to bed
I screamed probably in total 6 to 7
hours of play unknown yesterday and
didn't get one single W but tomorrow I'm
going to be having a guest at my house
you have to find out who that is
take a guess in the comments down below
we don't somehow spoil that on my
Twitter something like that so
performing to a pro syndicate I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
daily vlog so until then I love you guys
faces leave a like rate subscribe
ding dong that Bell and hopefully you'll
see me with a nice tan in tomorrow's
vlog so much love I tell you
