oh look at this weather now that is what
England should be like all the time
starting my day pretty late as usual
that's no surprise right here right now
but the reason I do nice because it
wasn't watching Game of Thrones and it
was sick
no spiky hair today we were like a
potato for the in full entire day this
is a crease teacher probably should not
be wearing this but doesn't matter did
they all turn out all right the gray
primer wants a great frame would a black
one turned all crap interested this one
over here oh my god this one this one
state perfect so it's really good that
looks like it's ready to be a do rock
and rolled with that's my experiments he
might like whoa Tom you're rockin rollin
with the shirt what is this huh biker
boots no proper biking routes in forever
now here I'm not like you should always
wear the proper put them I always always
always sometimes I don't kind of media
but never do what I do always wear the
right safety gear thank you Mike good
morning Steven it appears you have
someone riding on your back so I'm going
to do your favor and get off thank you
very much okay now all you have to do is
eaten or she's a beauty she's a beauty
look at her look at her oh just saying
Eva tomorrow after the week may have a
special delivery coming she's refueled
and ready a whopping four pounds in
three pens cool
such a fun ride man I need to get my
GoPro mounted on it so I can film did
you guys book oh my god that is a black
I've miss me more like my knee is
killing me from always changing gear
it's like a small movement in unique
it's kind of hurt in but I think I think
I'll be fine but my god where do I live
now in bike my bike
motorbike
I said even safer for you to be quiet
re-paralyzed you dressed in black me -
hell yeah I know I'm on - Oh mom
we've got being on the bike oh my god
that was so nice
I seriously didn't do anything I was
gonna go so I could terrified her so she
wouldn't not yet cuz I had a hem on you
wouldn't know if I could just get the SH
out of you know I got a reaction anyway
you bloody bastard Jon Snow you lovely
bloody crew we've given away over
leafless do you not think it's awesome
that the people who've waited you sent
out the one of three posters yet John
brow signing will put one of three oh
really
no one treated me have you seen them if
you receive what I posted that says one
of three on them you need to tweet us
alright and then we're gonna get Twitter
yet prove it you and then I'm gonna be
free t-shirt that's what I give them
back
you know why you know why cuz I
candidate my company oh you want that
awful mum you Buster Johnson or me huh
just a John fuck just no I didn't say
it's Lincoln me camera never lies
woman cancer never lie right to everyone
he said that you've not written a letter
or you've not yet oh yes I do I even did
it in the fog we talking about so
several is like oh you've got over
package that said to feel box this is a
person to plain and to tie okay thank
you for the popular why they on that
shelf but this has been on the shelf for
weeks I always saw it there and didn't
know what I was redoing with whatever it
was just always there and carry in the
vlogs with like I sent that that um key
give it to em so guys thank you very
much for this and a rental er
hopefully I will be in Canada one day if
you don't well that's just stupid in you
stopping hey are you going to insomnia
yeah yeah hey in some near 61
hey we're going to in some years hope to
see you there
before you go Kirsten XY here today
because you don't do have a leaflet mum
hey why do you have another weak foot
moment yeah hey mom why don't you just
have one more week so just in case
hahahaha no sure if you guys haven't got
your tickets I'm going to i61 which is a
really awesome gaming event we shall
love anyway but I'm gonna be going there
so if you want to meet me a meet-up
Julian every single you can meet me at
meetup where me and my family are gonna
be there even cow is gonna be there
which is pretty sick so if you use gold
i6 you want syndicate you can get sub
Simpson off of the link in description
for the ticket and I hope to see as many
of your pages there as possible so
should be chaos I'm looking forward to
it oh we're going to check him out so
just check it out yeah that's right
many sips so tastes such caffeine eg Wow
these cotton which is used in the Austin
good got um in there good actually
blue and these cups sent to me Oh God
your bath the jugs no you bastard
nice reddit my Borg I'm now going to I'm
actually going driving to a car park
just to sit in it on my bike and upload
my blog codes
ah do it like that that's how I do it
like that much later Ron yeah well my
hiking boots else in safety first even
though I'm not wearing proper pumps on
top always wear the good stuff thank you
for yeah and if you guys want we've got
the brand new city courage your t-shirts
now it's dark work but you think you
said it almost arts talk more soon if
you guys won with them
oh wait I'm gonna what the bottom did
you spill backup I still got sugar in
your hair / yeah I scared you this
morning really bad by the way
I gave a say anything what's wrong with
you oh don't trouble me McGirt bank
means okay you crescens I will see you
wait what woman okay you must roll I
don't really know extraction what's
wrong we don't do here be a woman I've
gotta be honest if they make James Bond
a woman that'd be stupid
yeah cuz that's gonna be the next one
listen I'm all for doctor you know when
I think those pretty eyes agree pretty
better but make James Bond a woman no
just make double
I make that woman hey Bosley mm being a
woman wait what's a woman was a woman
female number the blow one better no
this is what I'm doing I pull up at the
back of Nando's because I get such fast
4G internet here it's not even funny I
had my phone in my pocket whilst I was
riding over from the office and the
internet speed in the area here it's
just so fast that uploading a 17 minute
1080p video would usually take me at
home at my house like maybe hour and a
half it took me three minutes that here
and I think the reason why is I'm pretty
sure of that it's a mobile data tower so
even though I'm really close in and I've
got faster than XP what I'm going to do
is I'm going to ride to the base of that
tower and if it is a mobile tower that
is where I'm going to come every single
day
it's what load my vlogs so then what
that makes me think is if the date here
is so fast because of that tower if I
can find a closer Tower to my house so
that way when I want to all my vlogs I
don't have to drive like 15 minutes to
get here
I can drive like two minutes around the
corner and then do it there so hmm how I
can track down where the Mobile's out
data tells the room are in my area I
have to work that one out
anyway my logs done go home I made it as
close to the power just the hydrogen you
have the 40 gloves on it just behind
those trees over there so I'm gonna do a
speed test and see how fast the minute
is I think it's going to be stupid fast
Oh fingers crossed
actually not as crazy as I thought I
thought the closure beats and sell the
faster the speed should be it makes
sense but when I'm in that car back I
get eighty download and like 30 upload
whereas sat this close to the post it's
just there ten down and four up weird
that's crazy oh well I know where I'm
staying from now on hello how old is she
is she like forward ten one
wow you were both you know I do man that
we get our umbrellas out soon degree
which is oh yeah I look like I should
rip naked outside cow house I take all
my biking gear up and I'm just sat Hale
I basically make it so we still get a
ton
a sense of it with ah ah good
listen I can't reach then throw me
another pair what
go on then come on what you're going to
do grapple a half-naked man yeah I'd
like to see you try come on you know
what you come down here to do dunya you
know what you come down here to the
onion what's that ah how could you stop
it washed it up which on with you
so did you bring me the shorts thanks
Theodore Bagwell Theodore good it's like
a dog look at the size of him come on
come on you gotta find nice and tonight
they will bought this cat right oh
really bad one nice like you know like
Valentine's go all I need to wait wait a
minute this is the clip as Evans doing
that back into the noise is gone mrs.
Theodore making that lovely feature what
not him he's out the back way just will
not impact
okay I like a quiche I know
this is like the best interview I've
ever da you searching more fair is not
the best view I've ever done hours give
me questions from a newspaper and I'm
slightly answering them in the Sun
loving it and I was right like a state
or so good job always I well then we've
got it done Daria you can catch it in
the Scottish Sun it's got a son a son in
Scotland the son of Scotland summat like
that like the Sun the Sun our discussion
the Scottish so so that's not this guy
oh that's one location it's pretty
little I mean Scotland you know what I
mean
yeah just bad Sylvie Vaughn just ah so
you're - Sylvia von you poofed mom so
answer question of you poofed always
Giulio
gigolo great hey you know where you
going
yeah well he's gone look at this girl
thank you so much for the burger mate
I appreciate you a lot Alice I know yeah
mom
thanks for the church chair no Darren
you just lay all right so you sit out
how about giving birth day yeah you saw
that's where you were going
cheers mom shit joke I get the peasant
kebab I thought I may yours is well Nemo
not even a screws costume oh no I'm
having this Iranian visit everything
yeah well not one go in that if you try
to hurt me not oh this is C adores
arch-nemesis look at his eyes look it is
and look at those is who say adore be
nice be nice Theodore this is Theodore's
enemy Loki chasing them off go and
Theodore land lid lid right be friend
this is a cat no it's not this is a dog
look at the size of this animal I know
you look at him mr. Bagwell this is my
pet cow he's gone Sam you touch it
this is Sally not Sam sir he's got horns
at Sally well you told you what he's
beautiful Isaac oh my gosh
you don't carry any garden Oh moisture
hello there always crying ah she's
crying hi Sally
um you look like you Ted but me I'll go
just a little JP I was not know the name
stop I know oh you got a large dribble I
just seen this guy's scratching his head
Oh honest beautiful sorry um does have a
lot of manners does she look at you oh
she's got cloudy hi
that's a cloudy laughs darn ah oh oh oh
oh invading the crows that's what you
were doing two seconds ago
no does it they do come from all you got
mommy little kid clearly not just I
bought him what are you reaching for
you've nibbled all this tree it is the
good stuff you answer a good stuff
there you go oh I have a new pet look no
wait I got you some food
oh just tied me round don't judge me I
know I I was at a recent vlog I told
people to wear Darren Darren Darren I
told people to wear the proper gear in
the world guys we she's not a little
dumpling skinless I'm just going to be
shredded apart that's why I said always
wear the good stuff I'm a bad example
choose just normal normal jeans
that's awful whatever you go I'll make
sure I help activities hahahahahahaha
thanks for having me
bye bye now a bot thanks cow dick love
you look at it you get beauty she's an
absolute you I fucking hate you car horn
is it turning on Luke Luke beautiful ooh
okay guess not
live-streaming time I'm walking on home
wearing a hat don't worry we're hot but
I'm doing because my hair's a mess so
we're sticking with you had justice that
fat stream is a little bit of zombies
for a little bit cuz it was an update so
I'm just saying suck it and going for it
shut up sir oh yeah like you've ever
subscribe but like 20 penguin subscribed
for 41 months in a row oh my god hello
to block a vlog I'm like wait so instead
of logging my book okay everyone say
hello
oh okay Skyrim dragon to subscribe to 13
months oh shit that month cheeseburger
for sure
so this right now it's just a standard
twitch app but I want the twitch chat to
turn it into a height wall so what I
need them to do is transform this shot
into a hike wall just wait you just
gotta wait is going it's getting that
it's going to turn into the moat oh
there it is there it is
look at that if your height wall I
respect your subscribing oh my gosh
these people just whipping out of
nowhere
look at that look at that height wall
what is this what is this it's beautiful
I love it
no way for the first time in my life
winner winner chicken
dinner holy shit I killed nine players
not I would so hot through the way I
played look oh my get what's that what's
that the high fall it's so really much
out right now look at this the height
wall is so that is my first ever time on
battleground I've ever ever one ranked
one killed 998 people look at the hive
yes God you guys have never heard of
superwoman
she dropped these like dis tracks that I
like Game of Thrones asked and this
white one because what is insanely good
it's really really good put the make up
dope definitely suggest you go check it
out I now would like to say oh I
finished streaming I have an absolute
blast it's 1 o'clock in the morning I'm
entering for an hour stream for 3 it's
just the way I get carried away so could
turn this light off now and go to bed
but no ladies and gentlemen I am not
wearing the same clothes as yesterday
we're in the same shirt were different
t-shirts plus you're gonna cloning will
call the cloning line according life the
pleasure of owning a clothing line I can
have 10 of the same sherds put the same
one on every single day accelerate so on
the wrap up today's vlog make sure you
leave a like rain ding dong that Bell
gives you all the notifications I think
I look like 12 year old who fidgets pins
and yo-yos at the same time oh my god a
Fitchett spinners the yo-yos of today I
couldn't keep it serious it's just it
just isn't thank you to the guy again
who traded me that height if you
wondering why I'm wearing what I think
is a Chicago Bull ha Chicago Bulls ha
and when I was at the airport coming
back from Paris the guy who I bumped
into is like big fan was just watching
Vogue can we switch outside like toys or
switch hats and there you go so if
you're out there in the world you have
my syndicate hat and I need to go get
anyone right now so the wrap up today's
vlog thank you for watching guys thank
you for being amazing and thank you for
other woman yesterday's vlog as well
like god I know my video yesterday was a
totally clickbait title of you know
visiting my girlfriend bought that old
lady's an absolute legend and you saw it
she was like thought you my boyfriend
could you bought me Valentine's Day card
and I had seen this in the Valentine's
Day so she said I dumped her so dead
dead to you and thank you to the really
nice caring kind comments in there guys
cuz you know he's like is this is it
like going to vote on the body now you
can't buy ok but this is like going to
Bhutan like there's 300,000 people a day
who watched these vlogs and it would be
like
the greatest thing in the world is like
there was a hundred thousand comments
each video you know people have given
their opinion of the vlog are talking
about others having a conversation with
each other in the comment just because
like this community is so awesome and I
know like a lot of people sit down and
watch this with their families are alike
the brother the sisters are like couples
sit down and watch and I think it's
fucking so cool so if you're started
right now watching the vlog take a photo
of whoever you with watching it if
you're on your own
give me a thumbs up like where you're
watching it or whether and tweet at me
at pro syndicate and I'll say thank you
to a bunch you guys on that server for
watching so much love to your faces I'm
going to go now come going bowling and
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 gems the
next daily vlog of which don't miss it
something epic should be appearing oh
sorry
