listen new dog is a new day all right
can actually walk down the stairs and
start my day like a boss look just look
at job look at what's wrong yard
yo there's no one in it I don't see spot
it in the wild look look in the distance
you can sit up its where's it going oh
it's a panda oh my god I know
oh it pricked me uh uh ah me you know
brute-force fixes everything
look at the size of that I'll feel a
spike noise alright that's crazy wrong
it is put this up just as a helmet ready
it's a very bad idea
all right not that yo look at the size
of this fine code the size of my head
this is what I think was like bloom it
flourished is it fake Allen inspect oh I
just seen painful mana y'all oh my
goodness me breakfast of champions
so Clinton is drawing people without
looking at the paper just looking at me
and he just oh wait where's he gone
this one that's a pretty goddamn good
what okay go for it
I believe in you get B I've not seen it
yet you're like a police report have you
seen this man yes to draw Lydia I don't
know what happened here but Allen we
drew you look he's so happy we're trying
to do a photo shoot with all the career
we've got like 10 minutes to wait until
the last person gets me so
Cristobal I guess ooh de squad rolls
deep we got the suburban we got the the
Land Rover we got the Sprinter and we
got the dragon g-wagon and I think we're
ready to rock and roll to go to the
airport
a flying game you can stay here well we
were leaving but now Angela's here so
we're all at Rica get your goddamn ass
off my goddamn foot we're not recreating
the show with Angela oh how the company
grows no no we made it smallest is it
that is it it's been very impressive
about it is all these military
helicopters I don't know whether these a
lot much like mountain range like life
support people that sort of thing or
they're actually the army or the
military or whatever but that is kind of
cool look at weak limping and trying to
snapchat the same dude he is truly an
amazing specimen of human I love him oh
he's still going you know what I'm gonna
film it as well Wow look at that yeah
we're going pretending it's a private
jet yeah look at this yeah thank you
look at this private service we
appreciate you look at this damn I'm
liking this
you gotta travel you gotta travel in
style catch other yo3 biddies that big
of a company that we need an extra large
private jet how we do something
beginning with G they're all around you
Oh glasses oh he's sad now you're
playing pictionary and he's a 100 odds
try and guess what he's trying to say
you
are you kiddin Vic the first the first
thing I said was EDT heavy with et
because of the finger he was like this
even though you couldn't snow but we
have no time
why you keep tickling my Army's way if
you look here this is the Dodger Stadium
where they play baseball which is a very
boring game to make work knowers and
then up tomorrow on tomorrow we're going
there which is the staple said that when
we were watching the LA Kings blue gonna
say goodbye to the three BD private jet
that give you deep trouble Jeff wait oh
ah okay okay back back back back and two
suitcases oh my god
and my snowboard bye Luke he's going to
the hospital to get his knee checked out
he always thinks he's capable and then
just fucks himself up he never gave him
had to check the snowboard so I'm
waiting for it and it's done it here
took its sweet time but we got it I
actually planned it perfectly as soon as
we got through I ordered the uber and he
said like ten minutes away but we took
20 minutes getting the bag but by the
time I got through traffic everything he
turned up just a trial on the leg so it
was actually perfect but now we're going
to my parma fresh up there
no seafood there we should definitely be
listening to Maile Silas Silas Syrus
right now though as a fact have the
plane LAX and I don't know the words
probably Los Angeles we think oh my god
I'm so good I'm so glad McLean has been
holy crap
yes yes it looks like new yeah you can't
see much well oh my god yes the cleaners
been she's cleaned everything she's
cleaned all the bedding she's oh my eyes
she organized this get the hell out of
it no way she's organized this cupboard
yes legend here all she's cleaned it all
up yes yes yes yes yes yes yes and she's
left me some lemon pledge bones there
you go it's like yeah it's kind of like
an Asda at Tescos one of them we have
like no food or snacks or anything in
the house so we need a snack bar job
chocolate edition peanut butter edition
and wild berry Edition as well as honey
no and this and then standard ones you
have you got everything
it's like the amount of cereal selection
in America is ridiculous
welcome to the world of the good stuff
this is Pepsi in a glass all the way
from Mexico all the way from Mexico all
over nice girl like what could I call it
it's got that it's got the good sugar in
it orange moon is really good and
obviously some Pellegrino you like that
right we get them a llamar right well
we'll get that the football-shaped
see what they've got the football
patterns on it yeah for the Super Bowl
all football shape dips and stuff we got
some toothpaste we got some spray and we
got some pepto-bismol because Lydia's
tummy keeps you in a bit funny but we
also got some goddamn clean shit yeah
that's what I'm talking about look at
that she's gonna be able to wash her
hair and stuff what's going on out here
what you doing what you do you load in
that fridge she's loading that fridge
with the San Pellegrino to Dr Pepper and
what Abe I'm five yeah it's good so it's
like it's like a little date we're going
on right now I'm never there before yeah
I picked there's never been before gonna
find out what it's like it's got like
comfy chairs you get blankets and like
food and stuff while you're eating and
watching a film so all right den of
thieves I pick here we go
get a blanket a pillow let me get pop
consciously paper only me popcorn and
then you get a private server at this
cinema the entire night which is pretty
dope and yes the film stars are like 10
minutes this is like I did say I was
like oh my God we're going on like a
little date night a rental in time for
self-employment or I'm on time for
something what she's always on time I'm
never on time
oh yeah I don't know how this is gonna
be so oh this is awesome
look how to UPS that gorgeous wow this
is pretty wicked right the climate yeah
we gotta press this button and we get
serviced the entire time blanket movie
right these are amazing seats as well
I'm stoked yeah we got lobster and chips
shrimp lentils and a beelzebub stuff
Logan I was like yo Lydia what do you
think of the film which is completely
disappeared color right right den of
thieves epic action epic epic action
epic at acting yeah epic epic acting
apart from like the main guy I'm just
saying that right now this is the
biggest GPS well apart from a Tesla
that's the biggest I've seen you know
that's how you that's how you know where
you're going oh my lord
this guy's g-wagen is called fly g6 okay
okay yeah flying like a g6 okay okay but
what I was gonna say about the G Wagen
outside is that I watched the car review
in the carrier you said the only kind of
people who buy that people who want to
be bougie you have too much money and
want to drive around Hollywood trying to
show off and I was like
nice camera jello you didn't really give
you but you bought a really good
decision what would you give Tennessee's
out of ten there's seven this little
ones resting whilst I made it in the
vlog book I'm gonna end the vlog here
guys cuz we're all absolutely tired I
mean who's gonna pass out him anyway so
make sure you could subscribe button
turn on you notifications you get all
the random notifications that ever
YouTube creates and posts out your faces
every time a new video and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. to the next by
daily Bailey daily vlog until then thank
you very much for watching good bye from
this if you tired 100 and I will see you
guys tomorrow much love and I said yes
