Wow what a beautiful day it is today
this is what I'm talking about my final
day I'm going up some breakfast and then
hit the road - Kim you're jealous on
bowl of cereal and a latte this my
starting my day right whether that it's
still hot I give the room a 7.9 editon
there's a great night sleep but a very
wittily that room this is the weirdest
hotel key ever nice key but putting this
in your pocket it's like carrying around
a book club that's extremely heavy
abracadabra
well I can sail it like a ghost but this
was a beautiful beautiful state really
enjoyed it the first restaurant was
absolutely comes but the restaurant like
that was really quite nice but you know
what
quite a nice day say it was haunted or
not nicer check your I like what I see
I'm not moving back specific tibi kami
I've made it back to TB services please
will you collect yourself some tomato
sausages undertaken certainly from home
but what a beautiful day it is I'm going
to get myself a drink for the road some
food foot road Oh dog whining oh my God
he's so much Oh
so Bridge we got ham
you got Gigi we got fresh bread look at
it dusty my gosh incredible I can say
I've always wanted a pony chain face
something a bit circle area oh my god
I'm loving it's okay it's okay you're
ruined rule be out any minute
Oh crying it's okay come on sit no no no
she
he's okay what's wrong with you get
physical too particularly okay so cries
okay bye now
alright this is now my healthy version
of lucozade
it's gonna go for a San Pellegrino I
know look at that I got off my cowl
output of the window magic trick
maggot I look at that genius
that's legitimately the first time I've
ever had to use that trick and I'm happy
for it this place is well nice come
outside for a summary drink a look
gorgeous well that worked out as a win I
ordered a cocktail and she made it wrong
but only by like one ingredient and it
had all the good stuff in it so she went
oh I feel that way oh no no no thank you
it's like no no no no I can't serve you
I thought having issues like right when
I have to give it you for free free
drink in the sort of nice you have a cup
I rang my dad my mom my sister car the
best friend Chris I drink Tom a car but
he's on holiday to come and join me for
cocktails everyone's busy so going on
little buddy you want a little one one
you hungry I reckon you're hungry Kevin
you want I've seen it you seen it
you gonna go for it going for it good
night good night back Ron missed it yes
I got an email I'm his own thing my Park
is just a little I don't want to hide
unless I have a wizard delivery guy who
managed to put it in my letterbox that's
like this big I would be surprised but
my keys I'm assuming your neighbor has
it it's the only thing that could make
oh my god it's so nice I'm just Tana
Lonnie
I'll invite some McConnell to come and
get drawn with me I'm not drunk you know
see you in the UK we just drink in the
Sun when the Sun comes out that means
alcohols gonna be drank so don't think
I'm an alcoholic or anything cuz I am I
mean I'm not but yeah sun's out thumbs
out
pubs out yeah or I've just had a letter
through the post and it's well good I'm
hoping that way everything for 16 today
in three days time I may have a very
special delivery appearing at my house
I can't wait to show you guys what is
cata yeah but Tuesday's a Wednesday
prepare ma Parker Justin left done but
twelve wait number two over this
Oh mr. shadow time to go and visit my
neighbor this way we're partly has a
package for me I believe you know you're
old when you've got two doorbells
hopefully one of them works I can see my
package right there it's right there
within reaching distance hello are you
doing hi stranger thank you ah good to
see you again possible this is what my
house looks like from next door that's
so cool hey when I brought you that
Valentine's Day card that makes me the
girlfriend see I've not dumped you yet
don't you worry I never dumped you
I waited to come and see you since I've
been gone but I'm real busy like when I
travel to countries in stuff either as
your boyfriend bin so you have been
telling people are me by I knew it Mitch
oh poor thing I brought her a
Valentine's Day card a favorite
chocolate and a rose and then I haven't
seen her since unfortunately she said
she said oh I've not seen you so long I
thought you dumped me like no way about
don't cheer she's amazing though when
I'm not in she likes to package it to me
so thank you ah I should maybe of us as
cook Mimi look at this got no burden
I've got bacon
I'm just taking got a little wind you
got 92 July right so you're still in
play so I could have a bacon sandwich
thing this time I hang around a so it's
just great and she's put into this great
and get wise to cooking something 400
no it's not the sort of four of six four
oh six that kind of works any afternoon
about loading the volume set two minutes
remaining and it should be up like that
it's absolutely gorgeous and I want to
go play out with everyone okay let's go
have some fun but everyone is it like
here's the Alice and caller out doing
something down and gala wrap-up with me
my mum she's just answering Tom
McCallum's got a holiday and Chris is
looking at pretty baby today so everyone
no no it's pretty much doing their own
thing so do you know what there's only
one thing for it I think I'm gonna go
like red go so Article II plugin are you
charged your chose that's great to know
this is actually while a charge impacts
with these new more food and I just
spent like sixty grid on another docking
station for it to Y was charged with
didn't realize our whilst that one was
there
it was sat right on top of all and so I
just kind of wasted sixty pound ah
yeah yep and then grab this if it does
work I said you see these lights turn on
underneath all right
you turn on oh yeah it does work
brilliant so even though I did order
spell one of these at least now under my
office I can charge this here I could
put one down in my kitchen and I but one
name of outside Governor wireless
charging for days if you guys remember
oh and Alan's but all that money on long
run like phone cases charge back to
notes that stuck because I didn't have
ammo fee
well guess what I just found my mole fee
for my iPhone 7 post look at it and I've
got puss cues roll on it and
CaptainSparklez you put your signature
on it as well but the gold sharpies
smudge and I was like oh I don't really
want to have that anyway what's kind of
crap but there you go
it worked it's ready to get charged so
I've now got a third battery pack I can
use and literally never going to run out
oh cool
what's the worst that could happen yeah
all right I have no idea what's going to
happen to that book we'll see if they
actually want to charge you I probably
should have put the cable into it or
something but screw it one bit charges
through the board's work and through the
LEDs or scratch off thank you bye guys
could probably just get a ten and
scratch away of where the lights were no
reveal themselves EB again I have
nothing to lose my favorite thing about
this entire project is like I'm doing it
for fun so it's like I can fuck around
and make the mistakes so a lot of people
a lot of the professionals I speak to
it's like they're like it's better to
learn the hard way make mistakes now
because you will do and then you'll just
learn from it and instead of not trying
to make a mistake in the head a mistake
and blow
oh no I'm going straight for the
mistakes oh oh crows last few crows then
I think I found I think the girl's done
by friend that I sanded it down but it
just stayed so polished so I'm going to
spray this with some primer again see
what happens if it washes spray off
you're more than watch is trapping water
but nothing to lose
lutely loads
yeah that's right perfect look at that
how not to spray-paint 101 hey you seem
perfectly matte great so awesome
obviously the further edges of them are
not going to be great but I know
wherever now this is primed it looks
like a perfect perfect surface and the
spray it black and then I'm going to try
dipping it tomorrow
who the hell is this what who okay who
the hell brought an extension USB mouse
to my house oh my god
should I get shit should I do English
garrage is just dick everything you're
gonna come back one day and this will
give you a carbon fiber bike Oh first
things first I need to set up this
printer
my biggest problem my entire career has
been doing like a can you get a contract
sign and get it back to your life yeah
sure yeah taller I mean well yeah I'd
have a contract sign but I don't have a
printer or a scanner so I was pretty
neat HP was like 50 quid got some
sparing for and everything and should
hopefully scan and print and solve all
my problems
lint scan copy web okay literally the
print scan copy there are three things I
need as our web no idea oh you're
kidding me you're kidding me you know
that Mophie man I was like oh I boarded
one I didn't actually order that were at
all I've ordered an in car charger
version that's a wireless charging mount
for a vent in maquette low this actually
may even work out one good or two I'm
going to send this back so I'll take
this down to an Edison anything back to
Amazon so I'll go downstairs and see if
I can put that into my car and see if it
works if not then I'm sending about and
if it does work I may have just made
that maybe we'll change of plan
I mostly my product budget working it
works good let's ask one complete a neck
song I may have just thrown in the bin
that mopey trailer unit that I just had
and don't see it
yeah maybe potentially just throw that
in the trash can great one waste of a
day I'm hoping that the weather stays
good time I get back so I can go on a
bike ride because I really want to get
out the Sun it's been like two three
four weeks or something since I've lost
been on the bike ride so I'm gonna get
the shit together and get
oh that is a true sausage dog oh I got
it amazing
it's a trained Spacely I got I got
you're here on time I got you here 12
minutes early
okay get out the car I really wanted to
go in and look at them again after that
casual event the only thing I can think
about is alarming because they are so
fucking nice so there is no much money
after all it's time to being back in the
UK like I've been going out to like make
sure it's da response go to the latest
ring for food you know I haven't done
come to my favorite Chinese for sauce
and chicken pieces well my day of
visiting people hey are you doing your
clothes nice alright well I'm up in
Chinese whilst you're up in nothing you
ready try women Prowler than that so on
pepper chicken be here now let it know
it's not funny yeah it's not five big
it's heaven in that good that I did ten
out of Bennett what do you think one I
know no yeah cat oh gosh thinking about
life try this
this is the best salt and pepper chicken
you've ever had in your life yeah daddy
now this is the best flavor it's really
good and you better give it a rating out
of 10 what do you think all she's
munching Chompy you shot
yeah out of 10 yeah 10 out of 10 yeah
will you give it one up two out of seven
five hours ten nine ounces no I know I
said yeah it's not good would you give
it
yes told you call the Phoenix for that's
hot right off gagana there's been a
sweet minute I was this dried oh my god
I started so good i prime is amazing
what about this one
okay that's driving really good as well
I'm finally just not dry and stay off
for oh my gosh but Mr Bond Hana it still
works brilliantly and I would say all
the lights should light up what we
shouldn't do some simple because it's
only got one set of challenge but that
looks awesome
now this is primed it looks like a
perfect perfect surface and the spray it
black
and then I'm gonna try a definite smile
let's see how to close that phrase break
right it's actually found really really
I have to feel calm I actually put
electronic so it just stayed great but
also kind of cool the same time I make
spray painted black trying this one and
then put some black paint on it this one
I've got another layer of primary
without sounding up a logo just to see
what would happen to it and was too late
you can still see the old logo and so
definitely sounding this one fucking
drop the ICDs that's stupid and I was
just going to prime I'm just going to
put a lacquer over it and just see how
it turned out but the Wacker on primer
did not like each other just kind of
reacted unfortunately so the shame and
so maybe might put more primer over that
just to see what I'm just gonna keep
away or in paint on top of it two
minutes
this one was private and with black
paint on top to see how that turns out
and see if I can dip it tomorrow again
as soon as I put this in the why it may
completely ruin it if not great trial
and error voice traveler from ruling my
garage to a beautiful sunshine Wow
magnet I feel like I've created the
ultimate charging station I've got I
don't even need this anymore I'm going
to keep this downstairs this is a sick
poor for USB to USB fees and it's a
super fast charging unit so I'm charging
okay so fuck you fuck okay okay and if
you want most of my phone into there
could judge my ipod as well sort it that
charging thing says it's designed to
charge twice as fast as quick charge one
for technology and thirty percent more
efficient then just plug it in then in a
wall so probably enough for test not
only just that extreme it I need to the
shower to dr. knocker
hey I've been watching since a good old
Davy streams keep you up hobbies hope to
see more hope to see mode switch to I
could not read chat whatsoever 39 months
a row oh my god hold the phone currently
live streaming right now and shout out
to this another trucker about a lot of
liking six month subscription but I'm
sorry you imagine moment taken from you
mr. smoothy's wall
one month in a row subscribed onto it
incredible enclosed already for the
dedicated gonna wait Sonya I'm so
excited about watching you gave it
phones I thought I missed out forgot
about it when I finished 3 min so many
my chat was like Tom Game of Thrones
another way no way oh my god wait I
don't wait I think this is a 90 minute
warning before it comes on I mean this
is so sick it's like oh like a look back
from episode 1 so good it shows who's
who and who's related this is amazing
this is actually so sick and just like
that I stayed up to like to ricotta Mali
watching everyone else do George Gillett
wrong what do you speak of it what if
you did it what if you do it don't know
spoilers good I actually really enjoyed
it what a way to start a series I was
stoked about that so I hope you guys are
enjoying it as well no spoilers in the
comment if you do come in a spoiler
we're gonna get one just that just a
heads up in a warning you need to do
couple is gon give you some promo what
am I going in what am I going in August
are you here in this week I'm gonna be
going to Scotland insomnia on the 22nd
do to me angry pretty much forget on
Saturday pretty much all day so if
you're from Scotland oh you're close by
skaaland you're gonna be there make sure
you get ticket and if you're only
they'll see your face is there for me
I'm great should be pretty cool right
and then where am I going
you know I know what we're doing hey
we've got big food now fixin to
conventional stance I don't love it
additions like lemon dishes work
responsive education wristbands that we
always other wrist that's not the
responsible I think you want respond you
have some new stuff than you posted and
we're going to look forward to see you
all and you're gonna be there
and what's a discount code you get 10%
off and if you come and you get tickets
online you get some set up dates or kitc
using the promo code I 61 syndicate
whose rings your sentence oh is that it
no nothing Oh what anyway thank you very
much for watching guys make sure you
follow me on instagram at syndicate and
our social Instagram nobody cares that's
what we don't want to hear all right so
nothing much love make sure you like
rain dingdong that Bell mum say thanks
watchin sorry on your duty much because
your husband I'm sorry oh
