this is my life right now uploading
yesterday's vlog but 426 a.m. in the
morning whilst playing The Sims addicted
is an understatement I should really get
why after that because you know what I'm
going on an adventure tonight so you'll
see what that's gonna be later on so
sure there is gonna be whatever this is
that's Jupiter I don't wear what are you
doing you're not even syndicate original
hey to t-shirt choice today is going to
be the cindy carroll origin shirt who do
you think you are yeah alright I need to
shuffle II hustle today because I've
gotta get to the office get some clothes
and then pack my bags because I'm going
to Goodwood Festival of the second day
in a row that basically said amount of
hedges so I need to replenish this
immediate I can't be out making my bed
mmm let me go shop that's why I love
magic one visual opposed
whoa whoa okay flicker oh now just why
I'm filming a girl would gaze pause
there's still a hammer came up War three
time in the afternoon I can't find my
house keys
oh my car keys so I'm stuck if I was a
car key where would I be maybe down the
sofa under the pillow yes they are not
expecting that to look next step send a
carriage a now office well actually you
know before that Starbucks cos go to
start our day with a little better okay
now I don't have no case Maka's what are
we what are we call them I'm gonna get
myself a hot choc a lot now I did say I
was going it in up chocolate but I got
me a scare up a cat cause it's raining
shit what's the drive-through we meet
for the very first damn open I'm pretty
sure that boy I was up until 10 o'clock
at night geez it's open all right I've
got the others done and I'm going
through doctor I'm gonna get the large
Walker with a vanilla splash in it and
see how it is a bacon roll and a large
you know what they please no problem
break a little loose accessible phone
books / brown sauce please go public
thank you very well that's one extreme
of them okay bye wow they do it all day
breakfast menu I'll call it
that's right I just want you to sign why
drama queen all of them all of them I
don't know if you want thank you
holy crap that bacon roll smelled
amazing better that day than ever
oh that's really good so I got two
coffees
one for me one for Alice bacon rule
let's go to the office and I'm not sure
you want to use the black edge okay
there is no microphone my car cuz I am
washed cool Wow this is bacon boy well
that's going to hold another level that
is one solid crisp unit of a muffin and
then you ready to see the bacon dry and
flaky ah number number I've been in the
office for an hour
I forgot my t-shirts but again it's
almost like I came here for a purpose
and forgot why I came
okay listen I don't really have any
dreams to nick original ships are gonna
have some no I don't have any Express no
it's not what are you gonna give me
I want insignia I want insignia
I want insignia and then I want a black
royal anyone insignia
I want one black royal and then and then
and then origin you need the year and
then oh what a blue raw swag New York
girl swag me up swept me up what color
rah why dude white with blue with blue
Vipers ooh look at this if I could pick
a mix also assign some more posters so
if anyone Bible even from city's
original yet Chancellor freestyle post
appreciate your favorite t-shirt
Terry t-shirt all these black blue
I think honestly right now it's tied no
actually they're for my favorites Amelia
I'm the LTS going to go on sale tomorrow
by the way we got more help yes yes
that's too short make the most of it oh
you haven't told us what new phone cases
did we guys stop
oh yeah so everyone that keeps emailing
stop stop it stop it I thought we've not
doing the iPhone 5c because no one has
normally wants pattern on their iPhone 5
iPhone 6 6 + 7 7 + I am the Samsung s5
s6 s7 s8 you were all asking for room s6
edge s7 edge and an SI + and it will all
be going on sale soon little failure oh
yeah but my mum's on holiday so if
everyone bum bat if you've ever wanted
to buy some apply it now so I'll let's
get stressed out what a pretty cool
stuff oh look right
I need a comment right now guys which is
the best it's signior insignias because
you can't fit in that mess origins
blue royal blue row or raw my sister did
your special groups for don't worry
about that all raw right I'm gonna do it
in order fourth place I do love it no
out of all of them for place any more
please third place second place first
place right now oh that's all time
number one can't be that yeah si what
are you going PSP Mia in a bag I also
need one of each one of them enlarged
for AJ so hey AJ my American friend oh I
probably need every I had to double
Randy my signe is up I'll take it
insignia please look at this the benefit
of owns a clothing line I could take
clothes from a friend
I provide oh hello
medium medium medium Cigna please sure
yeah stop so am i pissing it down yeah
Alex driver when I was like I'm sure I
came to deals this is something we're
just consulted for and then I remembered
I need clothes may I am NOT a pet cow as
I've my pants right now I was outside
boiling cows like no I'm not going to
blow him bailed on me cuz he's got other
plans the whole part of me wanting to go
bowling right now is because I needed
eyelet so I'm going to McDonald's buying
a bottle of waters and excuse me I'll
see you use a toilet oh that's not a
door that's a goddamn mess you want that
look at this is the mostest I hate
people with messy cars I hate it but I
ran out of wipes developing clean it so
I'm just bollocks right now I promise as
soon as I'm back I will get you manage
it mm-hmm I'm Alex absolutely fuckin
bitch again I did bring a jacket thank
God I got a clothing line ah would you
know about this there's my parking brake
I don't get it this is this is well with
my own company
maybe buckles I tried pulling like a
lynx I didn't mean to put my parking
brake on but I did all right I need to
go get hair gel I almost forgot again
there is that got it wait is this a
small vision oh my god it's a trouble
sighs last one yes that's a ghetto
perfect I got the last one in stock for
three for two whoo it was four minutes
late but it wasn't loaded on time I just
I just I scheduled it to upload but then
forget to make it public you think after
six years of doing YouTube I wouldn't
keep doing that as realize that's not
you my birthday cake dear mmm-hmm
also this is this is the hammock
children like it always got the color of
Muhammad that dad felt like I needed
some color in the house because
everything is just gray gray gray black
gray hammock mm-hmm after she left we
came to pick up Cal shop and now I've
gotta start the stream because I'm
currently one minute late goodbye
I know goodbye okay bye I liked that
last room late as usual
Mike might remember Laurie funeral me
right without the streams for this room
I'm gonna start off the stream for Sims
for two hours now so wish me luck oh my
I'm a living stream in The Sims 4 37
minutes and a bullet nearly build my
house down I had a casserole on the
table and it's still fine this is how it
is this is how we do things
yeah hello vlogs we're gonna rotate
hello I love this I'm streaming right
now - like what where is it 20,000
people to the chat can we get some hope
just want to do a massive shot oh hey yo
there's a double shot of a massive shout
- Enzo thank you very much for
sponsoring the livestream you're an
awesome legend as well as Connor Fievel
thank you very much respond to as well
this may seem weird that I'm vlogging
this but I just have to share this with
the world in officially just smashed
with some girl code Rhiannon so scaling
on so look by the way this is the exact
layout of my bed at my old house at my
dad's so and there is smashing in the
past I love it just think all right and
they don't that is what I call it
successful two hours dream plane summer
since remember all right bhag bhag bhag
right bowling ball I'm giving you
another chance and we're going to go and
see
who gifted you to me oh she's so
beautiful
I can't wait to oh forgot my ball I
always feel like I'm carrying like drug
money with this kind of a guy I only
ever see bowling ball bag in movies when
it relates to drug money so yes no one
jumped me trying to steal drug money
okay
no drugs around here or money just to
the ball with my name on it
hopefully Carlos should be inside
Hollywood Bowl waiting for me
winter rain without him how to spot car
101 I wonder who he could be
I wonder who he could be are you
surprised that I've had two nine already
I'm really I'm bowling but our bowling
team to give it on the Niners on a 69
ago all right before was that who's the
highest OH
so much mother YouTube channel know
right I've got to be under 19 I'll put
my youtube channel right well 918 fair
strike a85 how is only three behind
uneven ball picked up no oh wait it and
you dad you son of a gun but look I need
strikes from here and out to even try
and beat you and stop your turkey in its
tracks
ah I both your strike strike going to
prove it
object it can be strike I thoughts not
by god-- cynical original car
their despair is bad like what the hell
what what
so okay going to keep all visualizable
we call me Tommy 19 make a thermate
clear yourself get on the board
new high score oh dude it
hey what's wrong but your store your 101
without how to strike in a seven
no I got it bro
damn 121 with the spare and one more go
away
easy if you got it Oh cow cow to spurn
watch a hiking or 163 without what I was
on shit Lane what's your best Lane here
one particular right get it right now in
your laughing may get striking or
laughing oh god the pressure so pressure
Oh
Oh whooping go what does he oh I think I
think you beat you there Cao Mei
high-five
Oh high-five come on don't leave me
hanging we called the 69 who's my friend
from that ball do for ya go for your
name yeah go on
wait if someone moved over Oh kill that
with a 154 and you're about to shit on a
chip that is what you call some free
promotion right that what all these
people are going to see it as late as
great as any do you all mad
one find a nice so no only got the swag
looks like you know as you get can you
spare a thought for me I'm going to
tried it just right now get guess right
now do 20 but quickly
if you don't have a carbon 9 reasoning
record the manners are underemployed
seems fair and still got the chance we
have two more goals
come on cargo strike secure the W secure
it what would that that's not quite the
W unless you district you secured the W
being one 132 like how you got great 100
me gonna break 200 come on right you
broke 100 you're good
that's hundred thirteen thirteen 104 not
bad right 150 well at least I came third
way I'm happy you secured first no I to
be rigidity that's your high setting
I think that's your highest nice we've
been separated by Colette but a fucking
dude is not you you keep like she's
never be like a war would be like night
miserable needs to be I was at Colette
GG good game your second place Cal
smashed you and I came third so yes
medium but flag inside that it's
provolone cheese olives endure the same
allegorical photography lasagna no carbs
before a good job engine 58 you demon I
strike so that now you got within your
fault more 400 anyway right see you like
Al well done we bowling oh yeah I will
do not love you buddy I got tried beat
158 now okay I'm home and and I have
never felt like literally zero minutes
this really make sense
I have zero minutes to pack up to my ETF
I've got zero bits to pack my bags to
get ready check go to Google section
accessible speed
deodorant aftershave hair gel toothpaste
toothbrush and I think that's all I need
one I guess - earbuds
how are basically prepared to pack 101
I've I called don't wear them and put
them straight in the suitcase
oh and if you don't believe me why do
you come in to syndicate original
earlier today
cut off just like that oh god you know
you're not ready to go I don't really
travel that heavy to be honest but I'm
tempted to take my passport in case I
just feel like disappearing my Shariat
has arrived
okay but I see you bye see Steve Steve
Steve sooner just met you this is why I
bought two verb areum's I got to be
honest didn't even know he wasn't in
there inside you said dad what we're
gonna do about steve i bought the exact
same bavarian like that it's at my dad's
house and it will look at to see walking
gone so Steve will be enjoying the
natural whole you're gonna say a
national holiday getaway round it again
thought my bag with my gold i with my
gallon and by Gary I mean like camera
stuff and my camera stuff I mean I have
a whopping GoPro and brought an entire
bag just bring your bro
could you hear the sheep being attacked
boys going on fucking shit I don't mean
to wake you up I'm sorry
holy fucking load of them oh my god well
yeah I did I didn't know but this
licking its bio crazy boogers aw hell
four hours what's up
39 minutes to go you're at it do this
and that zomb of chicken finished hey
all right
topping up wait are you a you want empty
right now like a low-noise cookbook
because i was going to say we're going
to guess how much is going to cost a
fill-up noise how much does it cost to
fill ik 75 quick and how many miles I
give you a procs I'm all over really
I'm never really wonder hmm I really
looked under if you know how I'll fire
you got a full tank but this is that bad
boy you've all seen it before
you've all seen it you've all seen it
this is the babe it won't let you spell
your card and it's now your my dad's
credit card
yeah it is honestly like we're destined
nuts oh yeah check for caught up into
them this is why my dad told me to bring
this I think no we're not drink driving
but once we get cracking a jock in a
coup Carolla roll a collar and J Maroney
yeah we're really just another girls
true
sign now I don't believe in science
watch the cooking gas station bought now
come on oh okay
my dad's left me could he's going
fueling up in this station but look what
I found
we're literally just talking about
Jaguars and they've got it what what
what what what rabbits they have a 2017
Jaguar f-type a machine vital but
actually say Oh dynamic ooh look at that
white with black culture nothing wrong
I love the f-type with no spoiler on the
back but a little bit with it look how
nice that looks this is the exact one
that I saw in the first in the first
place but I don't like that that's the
spoiler customized like this small
square thing that pops up I like the 46
final but look at that oh my god is that
a thing of beauty we have made it true
at all I don't have a captive yep hey
all we just hit the three of us to go
yeah yeah making progress what the hell
is nothing this is going to keep me
alive like a journey wait what's wrong
with this ski we're gonna get that a 5
a.m. Wow
the show starts at 7
and we're off I feel like we're off to
the races in rhythm finishing this
guidebook down early I feel like I've
been like kokin-chan like North Korea
she's so open so ended with stretch
we're at the two-hour mark now to go and
we made it to another service station
where we have for moto servant M&S
simply food cost a Burger King do we H
net upper crust and no toe meetings risk
drinking some poo family that's what we
serve you man
grade-a boo-boo Wow best service station
ever right
everything's pissing closed help the
toilets now cause of like I'm pissing on
the slot machines a cup cafe what given
our special food cat copyright say
they're not it's not even extra you know
but I'm actually going for a hot
chocolate not sure I want to stay awake
for two hours make it does it make it
and then you pay
who's gonna make me pay I'm not sure how
brilliant if I chop it be there oh god
oh god
I think I chose Paul over the hot
chocolate right how's yours coming out
all looking great what the lattes yeah I
think my cancel this Oh God that's uh
please pay the chair that's it Oh God
compared I think I just got hot over hey
we're going to play a game Jim when I
went to Eiling with Joe oh yes all right
let's see if we can find him because
he's sisters and all all the kids
magazines like a certain age one let's
see if we can find Joe I look like a
girl once I'm gonna eat you the roommate
can you see anyone like this one to the
fidgets spinner oh god no I'm children
on this one
no let's look at it daddy's sister
oh that desi sister that's just a
boyfriend is your net no I'll feed on it
you on the back no you know honey
Oh Joe even out off by Alfie hold it
this is his book this is Joe's book and
then I always do this everyone else I
love your book store Joe you're taking
over mate you're taking over there you
go let's cover it over a few books just
so more people see it there you go
oh wait and this is my friends as well
this is always Ali I'm helping you out
brother got you got you don't worry
don't worry about it I got you in the
back in the back look at that right dad
62 right on 63 to the two hot drinks -
what drinks - frigerators a packet of
biscuits a chocolate bar and a bigger
chocolate bar walk with you've even seen
it or I'm going to guess 15 quid how was
work with 17 quid
how much cool
I would say not that bad boots so it's
more still a mortgage and y'all thank
you very much reluctantly what's that
galaxy smooth melt come on you really
didn't want these you didn't want make
pie earrings part earrings
yeah but party rings done it doesn't
matter you can have a gold bar ever oh I
can pick party rings I'm still proud of
myself I've had a hot chocolate
supporting the fleet whatever the coffee
required you ready to start the next two
hours then let's not make sense I'm an
in-house DJ truly is why outside right
now I hold it up down pretty quick I am
also ready for a kid moving on the road
I'm a biblical DJ oh yeah you even look
at this even the first one real cool
yeah
giggles calendar we know it we were four
hours 30 now gross day and we've got
more three minutes ago they're doing is
we are experiencing all of it right now
Canadian roll it just went through I
feel get in France apprentices
officially I feel like one side of your
committee or Easter and then one minute
I'll be like I'm in from Morris train is
still yeah if you properly training the
forest not so real
this is a proper British little village
in it this year you look up with us
French but what thoughts a little kiss
okay okay she's good would have earned
ex back delays those me I'm going insane
I don't know where we came to I don't
know how we got to it but we made it
you drove for five hours and 25 minutes
good job man don't know what that noise
is whatever it is it stopped and we've
made it to a campsite yeah just go I
even get in but now I'm just really
tired but I really want to play the sims
and I trimmed my beard and it looks bald
it really looks bald
there's no expecting to wake up to the
sound of helicopters and fighter jets
this morning but you know what I did
later the new dawn it is a new day so I
need to end this vlog right now our fox
a promise but he does camp with them I
know I'm not sure what's going on my
face head but I'm gonna out from a vlog
like this so guys thank you very much
for watching I'm clearly sent from above
to hide your dreams affair but this is
the campsite maybe five hours later so
we're trying upload the vlog amasses
Wilden get a few more out caps so I'll
have to catch you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next daily vlog if you
looking forward to seeing some I guess
helicopters planes cats fast can walk
out of engine bikes and shit - make sure
you subscribe to the channel turn on
that ding dong bell flick that don't
wink and you'll get old notifications of
when I post new videos and your hope
never miss a vlog so what's wrong thanks
for watching I'm going back to bed and
upload in the fog and I'll catch you
guys later
