toward the nurse outside if only it
could have been this nice on the day of
my birthday he probably was some hostage
that is and hopefully some milk that's
not our ID I don't think I actually have
any plans for today so I'm just going to
see how things go on that no I did say
to my dad can I have a chameleon and he
said maybe negative log is uploading ye
I'd like to say today is going to be the
most magnificent fun and interesting day
in the world but it's not have a
chocolate bar
I started e re re to to now you'll see
me in my RA changes alright so I'm
basically addicted like health playing
basketball out here so I'm going to get
like not that I'm intending it getting
like dude perfect good at trick shots of
basketballs up over time and effort we
will practice that you ready okay I'm
just gonna end up that switch I'd like
an entire sentence ready to be like oh
don't worry if I miss because I'm going
to get as good as them because it takes
time and practice and determination shit
and I did it first time so that's long
we just outed a but me next way to start
the day it's not exactly as fun I'm
going to be sat inside for the next few
hours the third going on supply
accountants because it sucked out of the
euro your side you paperwork you dot
your i's and cross your T's and you
basically pay the tax better load buddy
so I go and do that certain made his way
to get there then I'm gonna be stuck in
traffic so honest to god I'm going to
lose pretty much all my day with the
accountant where she was like a Kulak
element like you know with guns and
stuff like it was a guy just played
Batman yeah like that guy wish she was
cool I was a really good movie she's
just a nice lady that song last ugh it's
never enough but I'm not bloody proud of
it but you know what one from McDonald's
compass chicken selects and a latte I'm
hoping it's the last say last time I
came here to give me a bloody black
coffee kids they've done it right it's
bloody done it right okay oh shit it was
exactly what I didn't want to do but oh
my god I did it up great come come on
car what
to be like that all right go big boy
let's get this job on the road and my
god is that a good chicken selects other
than meat in the joys of being an adult
you gotta get your taxes done and that's
only summer puppy neck if I had to do my
taxes by myself I would officially be
homeless that is just a matter of a fact
thank god there's thing called
accountants who can do it for you so sir
thanks people who do math I'm assuming
we've got phone cases back in stock comp
and everything four six seven seven
so I'm some asphalt 67 okay Oh plus
these ones have a new addition they have
syndicate original row on the bottom I
like it oh I'm going on top now we're
hopefully quarters isn't it look that's
the sales page this is a completely
different case whoever it was who sent
me this protective cake I've got on now
it's coming off so I'm replacing it with
this brand-new sink original clip look
at that this one goes all under the
edging now which is very nice as well as
being rubber and bendy she told me that
I've had this car for two years two
years I always wondered why this didn't
happen until my 40-minute drive home I
managed to change a setting so now that
when I lock my car the wind mirrors
going simple but it took me two years to
find out how to do it not proud of that
but now the bay become even more ninja
oh hey bud
uneven Locker she doesn't reopen we'd
have to do it each time it when I start
engine aha I assume leave actually open
can do that book no no I'm okay with it
ooh - sneaky now she's even more
stealthy actually she looks like a dog
with her is look you know I mean when
you for the dogs is over like a floppy a
lap group looks like that times a ball
foot I'm now actually going to spend the
next 45 minutes playing basketball just
try and get better I know you guys said
us
seriously just do me like that
you guys are saying Tom you suck at
basketball I'm aware of it but you know
what Bron James didn't come LeBron James
just by being LeBron James probably did
but I'm gonna have to practice to become
the top syndicate of the Tom Syndicates
of basketball so it'll take time but I
can do it if I can actually pull off
this shot again that I did earlier I'll
be well impressed ready
that was enough great decisions are
being made
I'm gonna play this in no food in my
house Whataburger is a lot of food in my
house but there's no food in my house I
want so we're going in to take away time
in time to take away let's get rockin
dead get rolling start that engine right
now go go go go go go go go very cool
what do you know about that drive
through life of the grave where is he
what what are you saying
God my eyes
okay my friend I know drive-thru I come
inside thank you bye now fuck you I love
that I ordered a number nine and number
six a number five when I get good of a
one you should get drive-thru menu to
sweat I swear my Thunder turnover buy
things
thank you start turning up one drive
through the but shit of us for the money
first you idiot dad your punch ride down
what's up I can't hear you you shocked
how much will that be
I leave hunter in some car leave my god
and then you're gonna probably wasn't
doing drag
wait let me show you some of that taking
me two years to work out Schumacher no
no it didn't take a few years to open a
petrol tank guess what it's going to be
put windows the windows up I can't do
that some cars I know you can also
button and do it two years above the
chart and I've always wondered why it
didn't do it until I got stuck in
traffic today mess around my veins ready
remember I'm not the fucking know how to
do it let's mess around the same that he
was a nun tick box what we don't
understand like two years two years oh
right I'll show you I don't know why it
was default liter enough because he's
this setting here where look the wind
mirrors out when you can fold them in by
pressing that and then I've got heated
but when I put it into reverse the
automatically adjust but now I don't
even have it on anything because he'll
just go in right look it junior it took
me what you want to check honest-to-god
goes through your car settings you might
find loads look this button you can
custom map this button to do anything
so I found over a gyroscope on mine
what's that drive India over a joke yeah
yeah for my the g-forces oh I I don't
have that yes no sir thank you for food
Steven Thank You Steven love you
I go stream this ends now bye ah words
cannot describe how good this food
weathers cooked me at honestly and
salivating well oh god that smells so
good some pepper chicken
alright we're safe this is my whopping
attempt of streaming decimas for because
I'm hoping to start a new series but as
you can see disconnected already that's
great and own in my basement resetting
my internet that's a lot of wires it
takes to run my house and if you like
why is just so many time cable Tom I'll
tell you why there's so many goddamn
cable like as a spot to the facts facts
fight fighting you're so many cables and
I don't have a clue it's just a literal
fuck ton and one thing that I really
want to do is I built this house like
design this house when I was 18 years
old and now I've lived here and stuff
like that I know what I want what I
don't like that sort of stuff you know I
got the change in the house so I
honestly really want to do if you want
to buy like 20 acres of land and get
permission to be able to build like a
big big house but I want to start like
the sims I want to create
one small square entranceway build that
then build the next thing then the next
thing then the next thing and have my
dad teach me a lot of the skills now
don't get me wrong I won't do the whole
bloody thing but I love especially with
daily vlogging I wish I would have daily
vlog the process at my house because
that would be so good because I was
always working out in LA I never got a
chance so I need to find the right okay
how the right location and the right
piece of land to build a fun little
project house just to see what we could
do and with like user votes from the
vlog design the house because I know
some of your architects when I talked
about doing the extension on my house
you guys blew my mind with ideas and
like the 3d renders you guys did so I
think it might be a cooler project I
might get working I'm an idiot but I got
it working I got my stream up and
running a big shout out to roar roar
will a night night who's subscribed to
28 months in a row
sorry hasn't this remote switch much but
thanks bro great dong grazer okay I
thought once Guide to subscribe to a lot
the great dong rated just subscribe at
39 months or oh I have the weirdest fans
but also the greatest what the hell is
this guy
fundraiser is this you is this you just
up to abruptly end my livestream
this is not what I was expecting to do
with today I'm neighborhood watchers
book right now driving around and
there's no alarm going off so I went and
knocked on the neighbor's house and said
listen this is the situation I know of a
family friend is just been attempted to
be robbed I'm going to around the
property that's okay with you and
they'll yeah so no smash windows there
anything like that let's hold me I'm
just going off because a cat jumped in
the house or something thing change from
me watching this what the police have to
say about it and all that sort of stuff
and what hang out and wait for them to
deal with it so I'm just emptying my
bins
that's a good one and now we continue
dealing in the situation I truly will
never understand the concept of other
people trying to steal from others don't
get me wrong it's like someone could say
oh I want what he has
a somewhat like that book going out your
way to take it from them it just
nah no I fucking hate thieves absolutely
fucking hate them are those things in
life you can have nice things and other
people will always try and take it but
it just takes the right kind of people
to turn against the bad kind of people
as soon as you turn against a bad kind
of people the world wins hmm if anyone
knows of anybody who tried breaking in
to a house in G cross tonight there's a
reward if you can prove that they did it
get them to own up to it through
whatever means necessary you want and
yeah so just heads up if anyone feels
like doing the right things now it's
time to do it that's not me trying to be
Batman for one night to continue to a oh
no oh no readily I didn't take your
baguette out of the file so it's nice
and moist however mmm the chickens still
really good what a knife
I'm going to continue screaming The Sims
my gosh I love the sim so many people
maybe in the same look going so
ascension I hope you dare look people
have made me with a horrible ass
mustache put version of me with blue
hair blue hair blue hair blue your hair
blue your hair and if I scroll there
ever again with blue hair so many people
have made people check this out someone
made my house Chloe made my house that
said you might like that look look your
house but watch look looks like a house
looks like the house giving up the
swimming pool with it and like the
basement the cinema room but the I think
oh we got the sword we got the solder in
there as well oh my lord they got
upstairs your lounge we got the kitchen
that kitchens on point we've got the big
pyro area even with a stick out edge
like amazing Chloe Busby made it in 2015
wow that's amazing
let me read this to you Tom syndicate
minecraft elite careful round listen he
may just kick your tits in self
proclaimed housekeeper
this one is sure to live it up any pie
hashtag person to catch the game hashtag
YouTube YouTube and Matt made it in 2040
blood yet three years ago ah
I'm coming and saying
so this person effect oh my God look at
my profile wait I can how do I click my
profile I don't know how I do it but the
picture of me is like from when I was 12
ah it's 3:42 in the morning I'm just
kind of ahora voy it's a new dawn it's a
new day but I need to talk to you guys
about something before I end the day of
this day you saw me streaming the Sims
last night up until 4 o'clock that's why
am I getting out of bed right now a
quarter past three not exactly to proud
of that but you know what it is what it
is I'm going to be sat in a brand new
stream series on my YouTube channel now
I may do some behind the scenes stuff on
that switch every now and again but you
know how ice cream wrappers on because
it turns into video for people to be
able to watch that's what I'm going to
be doing with my new sim series the
syndicate project now last time the Sims
I randomly got a girlfriend got pregnant
and stuff like that and that's not
happening this dad no that's not
happening what I'm going to try and do
is because back then I didn't have this
house it was back in 2013 I think when I
made that series so what we try and do
is I'm going to try and create the life
of Tom in The Sims 4 because that was on
the symmetry as well so I'm gonna try
and create the life of Tom in the sim so
starting from scratch from like you know
put a plane not from like a kid but from
an adult from playing like video games
to earn money and programming to earn
money then to you know going up
traveling an adventure and stuff like
that as a job and I'm going to try and
build from scratch no cheat codes for
money or anything I'm going to try and
build this house to perfection you know
I saw in the video today where I filmed
that person managed to make my house
identically I'm gonna try and do that
and if you guys want to join me on the
journey and there may may be live
streaming if you're watching this video
right now on when is it Tuesday
it may be screaming the first episode
today Tuesday so if you want to know if
I'm streaming makes you fall into a app
Pro syndicate in the description down
below or just search where you'll be
able to find me and I will tweet out
when I'm streaming so I'm thinking maybe
around half past six today maybe maybe
not maybe maybe not but yeah that's what
I'm gonna be doing so if you guys like
the idea of this new series and you're
excited for it you'll like the film's
then hell yeah let's do this let's bring
the height if you're not bothered about
the sins and don't like it so don't
worry you don't have to watch it well
that's what I'm going to be doing so
think we're going to see how this series
get may flop after the first episode as
I may not ever do it again but you know
why people like it I'm going to keep it
up so which lucky faces
ice arias I'll catch you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next daily vlog I did
it backwards
mmm good bye
