way through the charity donation of
clothes that I'm giving away some at
dinette we want to talk about season 3
but today is a new day it's a new well
it's not really it done it's kind of an
afternoon so let's start this king of
rolling in the royal white grain black
design office windows open e genuine
imbue journey from one and flipped proof
and flip flop to and kick myself of my
own house and like so alright so now
we're going getting in the car and then
we're losing it I'm Mapei a it won't
take long you just need your are your
chair and wasn't a Volvo
yeah there's going over I guess I guess
always never collected it you ready for
some skill great things go with this
watch this you guys you know you know
you're ready which is gonna do me you
guys ready
you ready go sit three two one
yeah I don't know that I even I had no
idea I got offered a lot a loss and sat
down here Molly
you guys remember Molly from the blog
they're not the dude and I didn't
actually work Fridays so I'm like really
macaques get any changed I've reported
the fact that my spoiler keeps like
bugging out but other than that I think
it should be good to just get any while
go home this is what I do you can get my
wheels fixed and nollies finding me a
brand new array aren't you yeah for free
ride there your car's been dropped off
I rarely start today I should not be
cussing around here this is gonna be
difficult
just stop look listen and cross I think
I still somehow got her by account
lightly impressive I don't know it's
gonna pop it to this guy I was walking
to this I was like walking to the shop I
think you didn't lunge that I just saw
you walking Barbie me looks lost
yeah ideally like a lost child wearing
it t-shirt swim shots and
flip-flops
wah-wah-wah-wah Jim Peterson even a
watch Ron gave me scene as though you
are open at lunch times but with not a
lunchtime menu yet you little what
what do you make me like deer bread
slices the bread alright so do it how
about you make me something healthy some
what is in it
I do want something me eat or what yeah
well kind of a compound which you maybe
a fresh cool sandwich now living all
right you do that well I'm gonna try and
cook this even get me a trimmed sweet
all right no pressure he can cut through
we look this is like my dream setup what
the Greeks this club and is now owned
but not the fault for the great
restaurant is now owned by West so I can
just roll on down it make up a dish
he'll make it because you know he's not
busy it's got time to kill and we could
just chill the friends chat eat food I
pay for it brings in business it's great
I don't try and if the Bob is open for a
quick trip aruna this guy who just came
on what football I am happy with that
haircut man was just all over the play
or do you want to do again I didn't get
him to trim my mustache I'm going for it
I forgot again I forgot again beard and
mustache I need him to trim it real
quick
Hey look at that trimmed feeling much
better got rid of the side doing again
I'll get a let it grow out I was gonna
let it grow out but this one grows in
really nice this one is just absolutely
glare so yeah yeah put in it but it
cooking for me is this consumer itch
what goes on it is mine or goes a little
damage oh oh game buti'm a goddamn this
is mine oh I'm I'm man vs. very crystal
today I just take the meat lettuce
man oh yeah yeah Baker the chicken yeah
ah but you've got a huge event on
tonight right where it's a bit of a food
for weather on trap got a birthday
someone died got a wedding the great
when does function is how would you got
me today
I do it 20 you want to host it of any
when did you guys you never know I might
be in the pub next year even even
drinking celebrating that you married
it's your birthday or events including
special good yeah yeah oh I'm sorry to
hear that you're not Bertha fell off a
cliff so they a fool
that when the egg dripping down and I'll
Thomas it's an improv look at those eyes
and Becky your husband look at this
whole week round
okay you want to know get you can you
need yours
that looks beautiful I think I'm gonna
give you another nine really solid food
made up gorgeous
all right but it's a little bit I can
definitely say my entire life I've never
been to the community center in my local
area I'm not going in there now just
looking what's bothering us ah Tuesday
one 3433 Park 50 entrance dance classes
musical street dance Oh strip does
musical fair community choir dance
classes afternoon p-well dressing mock
yoga Michael Dermott just just a walking
along Center snapshots my friend Mike
I'm so full meal was just oh
yeah forgot to pay for it thank God I
know the chef and he knows where I live
otherwise I just committed laughs and I
don't know other I would grand theft
grand fest and with GFS oh no Graham GTS
contest sandwich okay all right really
excited right now because one at six
o'clock uh my vlogs about to go live and
when the word goes live that's going to
feature we kind of announcing encased uh
but I say encased or incased I think I'm
just going to call it in case let me
know in the comments what sounds they're
encased or in case you can even say it
slow or fast and it's whichever but I'm
really excited when I just went upstairs
found my old iPhone 7 case which is just
like it's like a matte surface all the
stuff should stick to it so I'm going to
try and hydro dip this with a really
cool pattern it's so black and this
pattern on top of it should look so Joe
I'm going to try it now
okey dokey dokey 34 and dropping so give
that a second and I should get some
temperature I need yeah put it over here
Musa Dagh here's a Breitling
right this is there is the film we'll be
trying this is a carbon fiber I think
like gold film sort of black case this
might look sick
I did a lick test I lick my fingers and
I'm which side stick it okay so that's
the right way around so now I gave it
put this in the water like this and
perfecter insecticide
looking good looking good I activate Sam
you ready
we haha that looks so good I don't know
how I wanna hold this one but I'm just
going to go pretty early
or made on that one a bit too fast
actually I mean from that a bit too fast
I'm nervous or nervous aphasia but I'm
nervous oh I was that gonna turn out or
I did that bit back take a look look oh
my god
yeah I'm so so right now one time I
washed off the PVA stuff with a what was
it what did I use it Cold War but if you
use warm water oh no no I didn't leave
it to sell on the phone no no no I
didn't leave it long enough look it
looked amazing but I didn't leave it
long enough to sell and it made holes in
it you know I'm so devastated but the
edges look incredible the case looks
incredible look at that ignored it this
is these are either these are training
stages guys training stages oh my god
does look nice and go before it's not
shiny just yellow so put some water on
it so got it I should have just taken my
time like when I dipped it in I don't
know why I rushed it but I've got a pond
this is only a test don't forget okay
I like I'm doing this in the rain as
well that automatically makes it more
shiny and make it pop probably should
have done that without the rain falling
on it but let's see how that turns out
now hopefully that rain does not ruin
why I just did it can take the shot of
course it would be raining outside it
was perfectly clear the co obviously
it's like damage to the bottom but it
was perfectly clear the cold and then
the raindrops on it when I put the lock
on it so it made a little air bubble B
it looks really cool but look at all the
little dotty bubbles it just put into it
when I was wondering what that was in
the center it's the Apple logo that why
did it look like a little bit weirder
and different but it's just like the
little Apple logo that you can see oh
that's cool because this is one of the
actual fall on Apple cases like the hard
the hard silicone cases but they that
looks so sick ignore the white dots but
I've got a plan to be able to restart
with this case better not I'm reset in
this case some box very open for some
fresh air to come in again don't try
this at home but I'm going to now spray
paint this and see what happens
and by the way this is my snack outfit
so I can read it totally not how you
supposed to spray-paint but whatever
yeah I'm rushing because any tool to the
cinema on my mom looks like a video game
where like someone got killed and that's
the remnants of what it leaves behind
that's sweet right spread paint this
black gonna like dry out I don't know
how long that's going to take but just
going to let that dry and if I've got
enough time I'm going to obviously let
it dry and then we're trying again
but take my time so again love the fact
that I'm doing this as part of the vlog
so just get on with it and practice and
just you know trial and error trial and
error trial and error that's all it's
about you know it's like I don't know
why I keep sticking to this reference
but you know that when I did the whole
LeBron James didn't just get born to be
LeBron James LeBron James practice to
become LeBron James so I'm going to
become the one LeBron James of doing
this and I am so excited to embark on
this little journey and I am so stoked
you guys are here to watch it so you
never know imagine if I'm still messing
around with this in like a year's time
and somewhere I'm just like sick it so
may I want to be able to wrap I want to
be a traffic sick would that be yeah no
my eyes don't worry about nothing to
worry about I'm not no not that good I'm
just going to dip things and be like
okay that's cool flippy floppies are on
vlog is uploaded let's go can't wait to
get back to my house this is the kind of
service we expect from Audi thanks for
the lift mall like she's literally
picking me up from my house driving down
the road to get to any put it so it's
raining so no one's walking right hook
it up door-to-door service come on Molly
thank you very much i catched her hmm
but just like that I need to I I can see
the bag I could see the bass I hope I've
got an update fix now on my car so when
I'm doing a 76 miles per hour on a
motorway my spoiler should automatically
pop up apparently supposed to do that
since the start of having it booked just
hasn't so
let's see if it's a basic wait a minute
isn't that Audi's way of saying isn't
that Abby's way of saying go go go go
speeding on the motorway and with what
police know because your spoiler is
sticking up make they valid it out for
me and like it I'm not too sure that
coffee seems about I don't know that was
mine on that but they cleaned it all out
I'm liking it I liked it
I'm loving it I picked up less didn't
get why did you do that oh my god so far
nobody got any camera so far away here
we go at me in my house I want to
continue having fun like I know I just
got my Catholics everything this your
buddy won't go for it well fix the cat's
fine it's I'm broken or anything but it
is gonna do stuff okay so a mask is
probably a good idea but whoa let me
show you someone crazy that's happened
and let the term kind of this honor I
left the phone case drying but because I
accidentally put on an extra layer after
he'd already pot dried look what
happened to the case a little a bubble
is formed in it and don't get me wrong
the air bubble formed in it because
rather than let it dry I came back and
decided I put a cold air a cold air
hairdryer on it and it just pops out of
nowhere like that thing just raised like
a I summoned it from Hell so I'm
just trying to dry it off and then give
it one last it I've got about I'm
rushing this again you shouldn't rush
this process whatsoever but like you
know I'm messing around with it so it's
like whatever but I've got ten minutes
before I need itself this image so I'm
gonna try and get one last tip in before
I cancel wish me luck
three two one
all right it's on and swirling it around
and swirling it swirling it
I swear on it it really looks like it
came out it did actually come out really
what I think may have actually ruined
the first carbon fiber one is having
this spray on this setting I think
that's too damaging because what that
does to like say you know BOTS like
watch if I put this on right and I put
it on a syringe right it wash things off
but if I put it on this watch how it
tears into the dirt off the I think
that's my fault for rune and I don't
think I did a bad job but when I first
turned it on and notice that it took out
the eye of the minion and I was like
what the hell
so then I did the bottom sections
without it and you can see that it looks
so much better when I don't use the
spray hose in mass long shining I do
wish that I didn't put the spray on it
or add a clean slate just to show them
on with the minions one because she's
going to judge this and be like well you
know it looks like crap but you can see
the edges of it where I didn't spray
pain but like she can blow this looks
like Redbook I'm sure she'll understand
the concept legs go oh crap boy why I
just told you let it dry
this is just the concept of Sherman I'm
sure she understand it but this is just
a concept I better take the down so I
want you to show how thick that one is
because you know gotta try and make us
some wine impressed nobody'll ever get
this concept I never did it as a kid or
a teenager or anything but is it that
difficult to take your rubbish from your
car to a bin
once you've been to KFC ravaged leaving
it there like an absolute dick well that
was actually really good Phil did you
enjoy it my body was really funny
minions not minions three this stickable
me three very funny alright so I didn't
give my mum the case that I made but I
showed her the video because she - I'm
not embarrassed but like I want to give
my mom something I'm proud of you know
what hold onto it as a memory for me
that's an air bubble because I have to
spray painting if this came out so
but I need you to keep it as a memory as
- Tom being productive know when I first
first tried to do it I wouldn't get
there
I know that was so I've done I did one
that came out great
then I just second when it came up good
and I did that when I came out so
I've done three attempts per se mum
encased in case you don't think the name
sick ah will do it mom all right love
you
oh my god I ended up a bowling against
how it's still managed to keep the
second place no way how would this stock
change yet cows 158 and to be here so
why were you outside the cinema just
randomly here to go both we waiting to
me
session started are you drinking how
much do this I'm driving right taking me
on this deal oh Jesus show me what a
nipples out what a thing to get
here what is it Chuck come on
fiver pay up fiver each the rules of the
game first person to get strike
cuz get the fiber and verify them they
are whoa hold wood for Friday night what
is going on
it's like neon rave I love it is this
the one in the same color the same color
all right first of all that's a
disgusting color but it's not a bad
looking car mate for exhausts I approve
very very nice
that really do not like the color table
about is a knife after I'm also really
confused about is it in like yesterday's
vlog I actually at the end completely
explained what my like project is and
everyone's like you could call it a
syndicate project I like that's really
 smart but everyone's like oh Tom
what you're talking about it's called
hydro driven of Mike I know it's called
hydro defense I even said it in a vlog I
guess I guess a lot of people like watch
the vlogs but don't watch them all the
way through so just come to a conclusion
that I don't know I'm talking about so
think before you speak
by day yes made that because of this key
the right ear highly got loaded from the
file ha ha ha chicken of course a lot
bought a chicken I didn't how'd it go
he's going that way
we need a nickname for Phil we've
macabre example this mate
I'm taking here this is a win thank you
fever just don't know how in the world
am i used to walk away from the graves
for the tub a'chicken
that was a win Graves was too busy I can
chill out in bed for the rest of night
mmm-hmm okay Steven sleep well okay have
a nice night now nice even oh oh so
Steven went to bed I were to bed I
actually watched the Great Wall
I don't know how I felt about that so it
was pretty good at the same time at
cocktail I need to somehow do something
with all these clothes and take them to
a charity donation place but I don't
know what I'm going to do in that hour
where to take them but on the wrap up
today's vlog thank you very much for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed the
video and I appreciate everyone who's
supporting like that the new syndicate
project that I'm doing this oh I like
that that's a cool name just because
it's like I'm doing it purely for fun
and a lot of people are like oh Tom but
it was like a few things like one person
was like oh Tom Lasorda comedy called in
case and that's like a company that
sounds like a digital case to the back
of your phone which is not what I'm
doing I'm just doing like phone cases
like a colorful and stuff so that's my
man is called ink cased and so it's like
two totally different things in that
regard because they've got product and I
don't and then it was like everyone's
like oh it's hydro dippin Tom's you
don't know that's what it's called I was
like yeah I did it that's why I said I
was doing hydro different but you know
it is really so I appreciate people who
aren't nitpicking at the idea of what
I'm doing and just like found for being
like Tom something fun let's see what he
gets up to so much look to your faces
thank you for being supportive and I'll
catch you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next daily vlog adios
