another day of waking that way and both
at least the postman was my alarm clock
hmm I've got so much to do today so much
to do now I'm out of bed
look who's turned up oh I forgot you all
showered raid a rock and roll and my
package from a new project has arrived
so I'm very excited to play with that
but first of all we're going on an
adventure
and look who's joining me Kevin extremum
keV Macrina bears my cleaner moving
water shoes found reunited with my
promise and I forgot got to be season I
was the using the new Sun you know by me
oh you look so much happier ah
hey and if I got food for days for you
would you how look at all these bad boys
these one the first you Hulu ya hungry
first sim and lucky some look look I
mean troll on speed what you've trying
to wear one as a watch right now so I
want to do something about him because
he's just chilling on it but there's
three workers I produced you from cool
because you don't seem to eat pool
anymore but there you go enjoy your meal
son I couldn't believe it when that
package arrived gas and packages around
I get all day so I deal with it and work
on it and stuff and then within two
minutes later thrust that done you saw
how Tyler was boom my granddad appeared
and I was like I feel really bad about
the other day when he turned up and I
was like granddad I've got to go out I
can't start and talk to you for too long
and he was just like okay what if you do
want to speak to me at any time just let
me know
I don't like dial on the inside so I was
like screw it you know what I'm not
gonna matter on my project today I'm
going to take him on an adventure to the
Trafford Centre and if you're wondering
what the hell's the big deal about the
Trafford Centre and what is Trustin it's
like the biggest mall in our area and my
granddad's never been in a think around
20 years if it even existed 20 years ago
book you've never been so I'm taking him
are you ready
where do you think we're going
you haven't a clue I've got two
destinations to stop off are on the way
and then we'll make it to our
destination okay have you got your
passport no okay
we might need to pick that up right it's
me I got password I'm just letting you
don't need your passport so first
destination fuel stop then we're going
to test your to pick something up and
then we'll go into our next destination
okay what is that white stuff on your
chin the toothpaste please fuel I told
my granddad I didn't pay for my fuel and
that we're running up and he was ice got
it I'd never Nick petrol you think I saw
that draw you think I saw sorry yeah you
did get fibber
would you like me to buy you a pair of
flip-flops Oh booty poppin no why not go
where but what's lookout cool look well
I like oh wow choose your words wisely
round a red ball before yeah come out
now
whilst we go on our journey to get to
where we need to go we're just going to
eat it not going too far by Lucy in the
car
and we're doing a meal deal and he grabs
a bloody large red bull expensive Noble
you'll just be wide off your tit that's
all bastards we've got the yellow stuff
ain't got the green stuff no well it's
not on your face my toothpaste summer
shaving cream we shaved today yeah he
got out the car I had like a muffin trip
I was like what was that you 5:22 school
I want to go with that
look let go dad Mustang where there
orange Mustang right funnier oh yeah
it's like it
when it first opened what 20 years ago
20 years ago long not that that's not
that wrong I'm always 24 mate about six
seven years oh six seven years er out
okay fan of us that's more realistic
eunuch on a Griffin and some kitty yeah
look at every little packet waving you
still keep up on the program on all the
night what I miss you know like what was
it was it six family at the time six
funnies at a time yeah what were you
watching
I don't know what it were some kind of
competition and you might have made it
to the pond gentlemen why are you
watching this up there was six bunnies
on the screen at a time yeah all right
oh it was voting on the funny yeah all
right
learn something new every day now in
Chinatown look how cool that is right oh
yeah nice innit
just a weird cool design building
absolutely good restaurant in that
really good restaurant we want to go
where one day I'll bring you back some
Chinese also to prove my t-shirt
hopefully decided to just stick this on
with glue because it just came right off
monocle oh I guess I'm wearing a non
branded shirt now so I'm okay I've got
competition for the world largest
earlobes reached a point where I'm just
sick to death of carrying around a
little tragic pack for my phone and I
used to use movies all the time but they
don't really exist all that often
anymore right in shops so I'm gonna try
and see if you've got some or an
alternative to a motive because I'm open
because my phone battery just keeps on
dying way too much so I need a battery
place this is what I need but how much
is it under 900 movie well my biggest
problem is having my phone because I
have to edit uploads and everything on
my phone a battery always die so I'm
gonna pick up an extra battery pack and
then a small one which I can put in my
back pocket so hopefully they'll play
with that force try and see if you have
any more these in stock
I think they may look at state my cheeks
spots my box lack of sleep not eating
healthy not good do you think I've got
enough battery packs you think I've got
enough yeah do I
you can probably buy another phone for
that much money come on come on 400 400
400 pounds 400 pounds 400 pounds on
batteries in some cases it's needed for
the job so I just have to do it
game off we please sponsor me let's look
to your face our own tweet movie being
like oh my god Tom dying on the inside
how much you reckon that part was from
pains words which one I think what one
big one : I would track them stick with
it it's a grid I come over
Ruthie could you jump I read the label
on it as you say am under or that one
trixie Volquez no grandad 64,000 pounds
64 oh yeah it is a pretty big book in it
guess how much this big book is go on
that was really quick 1750 I got each
page raw just money for that more money
even more money and it's called
a bigger book I must have been a must
have been a small book again hey this is
this is one of the people that I know
you do YouTube hook this zoella the guy
who went to island with Joe that's it
sister oh yeah look John all these books
all these pictures you don't look cool
I'll close up only to find George book
what is it around here 29 quid for just
a plain clear case he's my new project
might got these guys out of it you like
the Trafford Centre have a good time
yeah brilliant
now looking for that other it is or they
better not crash into my car will you
beat mop y'all put the mirror down
oh it's electric mate don't break it
we'll just worked hard to do that watch
the wind mirror found any what they
really watch the women found a new
update with my car
how cool is that yeah okay wow you look
so impressed you're gonna be so
hyperactive after that red bulb or do
you think this is bloody car wash
Hey Oh Anna beer Jesus you know you
don't like the ultimate redneck American
a beer honey polish can't polish
charging brick in look at this that
picked up a little socket thing when
extension record that one the hell you
can call it a pickup they should ask us
you beat us Oh a power why did you call
a surge plug adapter surge protector so
anyway I got this so I can put water
plugs into it which is great so
contrasting all comes with two USBs in
it which is great and then I also got
one extra thing
okay let me show you what else I got Oh
BAM a USB double ender with a plug
yeah I just got English there don't
think have you seen all my things I'm
charge could it are this is everything I
bought crazy it's just so much gear so
what these are granddad is these are the
phone cases that go ma on my phone right
yeah but it's my phone right but it runs
out a batter I usually use something
like this to charge it now these are
little small ones you know so you can
put in your pocket in the tiny so
they're not big to carry around really
convenient for like going out in a night
out or something this is a big version
but that's got like three times the
power inside this one yeah but what's
cool about these cases if you've got
wireless charging so you don't actually
need a cable watch so if I plug that
onto that and this is something that I
can take portably plug it on like that
on the bottom of it if it actually works
does it I don't know please look maybe
no there you go see charging charging it
so that's pretty cool but then these
will pass I can put value on left side
of my bed on my computer so when I've
got my phone in my hand I just put it on
it like that and then it starts charging
that which sent charges my phone so want
to pick it off my phone's charged and
this case is charged ready to go please
come out right and then I got two of
them so in case I come back from a long
day like that they're ready to go but
look at how many cables I've got
ridiculous innit yeah absolutely
ridiculous but it's needed so you might
be like that is overkill yes it is but
my biggest problem I ever had is my
phone battery ran out on it so great
success also gorgeous making the next
steps on my business
well this it's not it to be a business
but it's just a fun project but I've got
a really big picture for yourself
as soon as I like attempt the first
attempt of it I cannot show you guys
more one two obstacles is that's what I
hope it's going to be check wasn't sure
it what the check could be could be and
I could be I mean it is exactly what I
thought it was gonna be oh yeah it's
nice when you will project enough the
heli engine so Eddie all right I think
I've got all the things
oh god that is that actually came with
it well clip then hide it inside and see
if it presses the trigger
yeah look at that it takes the
temperature of what have you put your
point out which is that 20 series good
30 grid we're back inside my French whoo
but inside my freezer
wow so sick make this looks like a fiver
I mean well stoked for this wait look
how hot it is in my in my kitchen
oh good I'm going to check how hot your
head is this 35 degrees you're boiling
what about my head till III well what
about this piece of metal I stand out in
the Sun all day you ready
13 took who's Mel
Ted it's bully boy love about this rock
375 glass 45 damn this is honestly quite
coolest thing I've ever bought for like
maybe 10 pounds you might be like why I
got it summer to do with the project I'm
sorry so like the reason why I'm not
saying like what it is yet because once
I got a little bass out of where I can
do my project then I'll show you because
I'm gonna film the first ever attempt
and most likely going to fail how would
you say that name
Pinkus hat no can't it like it's almost
two words incased yes you get it Inc
cased yes but it's ink is in my ink out
of a pen and then case is in like you
know case for a folder someone so in
case which what I'm doing for this
project is dip in a phone case into that
this material which wraps it which is
basically encasing it in it unites the
words in case art in case is encasing it
in this liquid and it sticks to it so is
that not the smartest name ever
ink cased in case in case genius I came
up with it like four o'clock in morning
I was stuck there for like two hours in
bed like on logical Tom Klein we call it
and I was like kind of using ink but
it's not it's you know whatever but to
make color is ink and then I was like
it's four cases so in case in case
they'll have with that name actually I
said once we got some more time we'll go
a umicar annihilation we can all go to
trap it's an account way and then we
could go for a meal and we can go
bowling to see if you're any good
I'm not been born with you ever have all
in this one time ago hey well we'll see
if you've still got the skills you never
know you might be a professional bowler
and you just don't know it do ya like
I've taken out ready and I'm going to
catch you later all right so everybody
uh I started uploading today's vlog
yesterday's vlog and I was like sweep
gonna be on time good good set but no I
loaded it to the wrong channel so I had
to delete it I restart the upload which
is going to take 47 minutes probably
going to go up but then it's currently
538 so it's gonna be late
I me I have not actually made that
mistake in forever because like you guys
know I usually need my phone to upload
but because I've been streaming on my
computer and stuff like that I got my
computer there might as well just upload
from that set enough time but I didn't
switch channels i was still logged in to
my gaming channel
water so I'm playing runescape and run
out a membership and this is spark Mac
really awesome youtuber just came
and gave me and men membership bond but
look at this I can now claim what is
that whoa am spark right you the best
right so revealing what it is of God is
hydro dip film okay now this is the
transfer this is a sample I got sent
just mess around with this is some
t-rexes cool cool this is some like
flaming aces of spades whenever and then
this is a this is a minions kit and yeah
it just came free okay now I intend on
doing this properly but what we do is
use a ball just because I really do not
need much of the transfer I'm going to
fill the ball to about 30 degrees which
I need to do and they going to put a
transfer in just a small amount and I'm
going to test dip some things just
anything laying around the house just as
a oh I wonder how this turns out and -
I've been wanting to do hydro dippin for
so long but I'm like right I'm just
going to do it so I need to get the
water of this at like so degrees that's
why I got the heat gun so see how long
it's going to be actually don't think I
needed any water from the hot water top
because when I first tested it was 50
degrees now it's 49 so I'm gonna need to
cool this bitch down let's go for
another test and it is 41 all right
maybe I'll cool off because the ball
moment should be really warm actually
okay first thing I think I'm going to
try and get now you are supposed to like
scratch them off put primers on it and
stuff like that but I really want to see
what happens if you don't put a primer
on something and just try and dip it now
this is a slippery surface not a mat
surface which it should be but I think I
might try and just dip this and see what
happens
you're supposed to do here like properly
like you know you're supposed to put
tape around the edges and all the sort
stuff but I'm literally just doing this
as a mess because these are like little
frizzy things they gave me look you
didn't like a Minion's thing so I'm
gonna try and do is I'm just gonna try
and dip this and see what happens I
really do not care about the t-rex one
but if I get this one right on fair with
this and get that one right then I can
try and mess around with something from
my mom because it she loves minions so
I'm just going to like literally cut
this down put it in the water let it
settle because look it should just sit
in there
and see if it transfers over obviously
it's not going to fit in proper but it
doesn't matter I'm literally doing a
mess around tests so what you've got to
do is going to put the transfer in
sticky side down so that this is fine
for me but this should work out and then
you're supposed to get rid of what the
air bubbles but I just like testing it
typing it cutting it up it and it's
going to expand see see I was expanding
so much I'm just going to stretch it and
I hope that that helps with the
expansion still gets a pattern right
again this goes against everything
you're supposed to do it like you're
supposed to do it so it's got enough
space to go places on always sort of
 but I'm just so eager to try it
that I'm like no I want to try it right
now
so I'm gonna go get the activators
friend begin this process probably
should have read the instructions of
them all oh the activator it says shake
your paw to mimic so I think I'll follow
that description pretty well as you can
see it looks all weird at the start but
now it looks pretty okay so I've got to
just spray this I'm going to do this all
over grass table add media push it and
that's easily way too much huh
this I've got my doors open alright and
now I'm going to try and place this in
it here we go
the moment of truth
that's oh no well I think it D sticks on
the sides I think a little bit pretty
well whoo look at that oh okay because
it PVA stuff all over it now I've got
going wash it off
blackish go wash it all off all that set
 all over it and we go here we go
Amy young Oh came up so sick look at
that oh that came out some guy I don't
care about this because this is not the
kind of kind of cake I'm gonna be
working with him a few J was just a
clear case I didn't use but look look
how thick that came out look at that oh
my god I'm stoked
oh I like fun yep I'm so happy
right now
ahh hi so now I've got spray on a clear
lacquer to it it look at this Mac now
it's try it out a bit so yeah let me do
that here we go ooh wow that really
makes it pop a streak those dry bloody
hell and I think I just weave it to a
dry okay I left it for a minute
so the locker would polish it up and oh
my gosh look how slick that looks
obviously you can't see it's a Caesar
case like that but up for the camera
dropped it Oh No
is it okay yeah it's fine oh look at
that look at that that is so beyond sick
I am so happy with myself that has
brought me the passion that I wanted for
my first ever attempt like messing it up
as well like you know not doing it
properly that is the outcome that I
wanted wow this is hopefully going to be
the first ever case that leads to be
making millions of cases I'm to go watch
spider
how so good cut out that anything I want
to see it three times it was incredible
I'm not waiting around everyone else
not express how good spiralize honestly
I was be good with entrant is because
sinners are like the next film come now
it should be really do really really
dope or is it infinite war or something
like that the Avengers infinity war
summit but like really good film stupid
sonic like tubes should be funny easily
the best spider-man actor ever
and your is a really cool thing when I
was hosting the black ops 3 trailer game
launch down in London
I actually met spider-man and the
Activision guys all okay this is gonna
be spider-man I was like awesome met him
shook his enemy really nice guy
like I believe it look like yeah what's
a resolving videos like this like a dope
so to see that you've now like
spider-man is great that's the
best of upcoming everything so it killed
it did a great job very proud of it and
bells class a 10 out of 10 as if you've
got everything the measuring the heat
you're 20 aware you work 20 degrees yo k
court you are let's take a look at that
26 degrees yo Mel what you are a check
26 degrees okay
let's actually test that this is working
because there isn't some to be 26
degrees your freezer your freezer where
you want man what will temperature your
minus 22 I'm liking your style wait oh
wait that says - 9 mm - 17 oh the heat
the cold is coming out in it I'm like
purging my house right now this is all
my clothes that came from when I moved
out of my dad's house to here but when I
moved to here you know I forgot my
wardrobe over there it's pretty much
nothing over there my syndicate original
clothes and stuff fell out actually
we're doing wrong what stuff in here now
I'm going to get rid of as well I'm
going to donate it all to charity but
all these clothes which were in this
Ward's which I don't know ever pull
anything out this ward Robin ever used
it apart from filling space with more
syndicate store these are close up I
think more this since I was like 15 I
don't need it anymore so I'm going to
put a pile together what I'm not going
to wear ever ever again and just get rid
of it I've not touched it in the three
years I've been a a
not need it can go to a better cause
you're wrong it'd be fun to keep as a
memory book it just one don't fit me and
no importantly I just don't need them
when was this warning this bar may
contain traces of not like I can't get
rid of that could t-shirt that my dad
bought me when I was a kid when we first
went to Egypt so like I've got to keep
it even though I'm never gonna wear it
I'm going to keep it or do black up
shirt do I need it was got my name I
presume because I guess I got I mean it
tight currently throwing things away
what's this the monkey bomb design don't
need that can go to Cherry it's great
whatever limit edition don't care this
probably one the most inspiring quotes
ever living the highlife
or the first coolest t-shirts have
gotten away don't really wanna throw it
away come on keep it as memory still
gets and even that one yeah I'm not
doing a good job of this machine Sports
t-shirt the company shut down but that's
how I got Java machine so go keep this
one not saying this is just not working
out like this is a shirt that I used to
wear to go and get all the ladies you
know mmm I looked it is I think my first
have a profile picture on facebook was
in this shirt and it'd be nice to keep
as a memory I just don't need it but
look how many shirts on give it to
charity
it's probably about 50 t-shirts like
gaming shoes DC allsorts Oakley shoes
that are all going to charity but better
cause these are all old syndicate
designs right look at this where it says
syndicate read wrong from the riot line
bought revenant throw a limb straight
out and give Alice opportunity to claim
them if you want to keep them as a
memory something and then I'll play look
I'm tears like what is this I don't even
know this is about 66 I don't need this
movie it's Jerry know whatever why a
bedside cabinet this this draw is an odd
sock drawer and then it all be gone just
chilling by the side and odd sock drawer
why you guys know how this drawer right
here well I don't know I've got these do
not mine I usually I don't know why
these here either every sock that I own
these are clearly not mine and my dad's
or something and so are these
but every sock I own is a black same
size top months on end of story
so that way once you wash your clothes
all you have to do is just pair every
single sock up with another site you can
never ever ever have an odd sock it's
genius I decided to just start purging
my entire house of things that I don't
and I just going to stay this just over
exposes inside ham yeah I just went on
an absolute purge of the house but I
tell you what I'm really really stoked
that I kind of like put it out there
what I'm doing still don't really
explain what it is but I always say like
I want to bank on this project I want to
keep my case five dollar fine
I want to invite from this project on
that project I'll do this I'll do that
and all like I want to do it and I do
execute on a lot of things but a lot of
time I'm like I probably never get
rounds where I don't know how to do it
but this new project I'm like I can do
this nothing stopping me and I swear my
phone is slowly sliding I think it and
if I I'm gonna commit to doing this and
hopefully I can make some really good
for like my audience because I'm sick of
owning shops or like getting phone cases
and stuff and they're all just like
the designer crap they're just crap
material everything when you're paying
like thirty I knew you were falling your
pain likes to equip to this crappy case
with no cool designs or anything I don't
be wrong I know what you can get them
protected cases but they're like fifty
quid for them and they're worth the
money but like painter it could for just
like a clear case with a tree on some
 is like no or an Apple logo I'm
like no and I was like we make cases
it's implicit original and the right
really good call it and it sell really
well and everyone's that happy with them
but I was like I want to do something
different so I'm backing on hydro
dipping and don't get me wrong I
probably won't do hydro dipping forever
but I'm going to do limited edition runs
of phone cases like know all different
like Samsung's iPhones and stuff like
that and I'm not doing it to like make
money I'm doing it as a fun project I've
always wanted to hydro dip and I was
like what's the cool thing that could do
and I'm going to be hydro different
phone cases and if people want to
support the new world project like me a
little company that I'm doing then by
all means go ahead it it I don't think
it's going to go serious but I'm having
fun with it you genuinely saw how happy
I was when I was messing around with
that and if I can make 100 of those
cases and be excited making 100 of those
cases each time that that's enough
excitement for me so some of you may say
I'm weird but it's just a little passion
project and I'm really glad that I'm
getting my together to act
q on wanting to do something like I'm a
very motivated person my wife she shot
me the most
and I'm like rather than waiting for
someone to help me through doing it I'm
getting it done because I can do it so
yeah I've got some really cool things
lined up for it and I hope you guys like
the name like I said it's called inked
cased I inked cased and I thought that
was the most ingenious like genius name
I could ever come up with
I spoke to like graphic designers and
stuff and they were like that is an
awesome name like proper product design
people and they're like that is such a
good name so I'm really excited I've
done what the future will hold with it
but if you guys want to join me on the
adventure I'm going to be like scaling
up a bit to try and make my first 100
cases and if you want to be amazing as a
boy I really appreciate it so let's see
where it takes us ah do you think it's
going to rain on this new dawn in this
new day so I'm going to have to end this
vlog here make sure leave a like rating
subscribe and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. from our new daily
vlog so as always much love adios
