param Dham Dham the momentum component
yes yes yes
Liuba shocker oh wait we'll start in
this game I don't getting some lunch and
feeling fresh I'm feeling frosty it's
only 12 20 SEC's that that's early for
me and let's go go do this
we have no 40 40 but don't worry about
that so we're trying to eat healthy and
be healthy
yeah as you like that distraction
technique show you my shoes then showed
you my food I basically got a ham
sandwich a bottle of orange juice a cafe
latte from Starbucks and Tesco I don't
know how that's going to be and a bag of
crisps oh I don't think I should be in
interest because they don't sound too
healthy
oh wow that is the best thanks thanks
for that air freshener all right so I
always don't think like what's it called
mmm Staubach so they always go buying a
drink I don't you're wrong I love the
drink is absolutely fine but I always go
there and it's always out the way I
never would get oh I say
so I picked up this a cafe latte and
you'll try and see how this is so I've
shaken it it's stood and my taste test
review of a cafe like a miniature little
thing for me little from Tesco is that's
surprisingly very nice eh I think I've
learned the code to get into this indica
regional office if I can I'm going to
petrify our stuff what
now thank you
ah did you said your goodness out so
this is my dedicated knife what do I do
with it don't break out the power box
oh that doesn't look that doesn't look
fun oh but I'm used to come here and
pissing around okay yeah second people
say I don't do any work it's additional
yeah dude look at this you get my knife
I cut a little bit of tape like a
professional look at that yeah for the
box and look at that flat ax box Donald
I've been doing it for hours look how
many boxes up Jordan I'm lyin if I don't
make in those last minute adjustments to
the new limited edition keys here
reflects in my face oh ah how long it'll
take until we release it people been
asking people and ask analysis people
asking for asking honesty right into the
voting booth
Alice today's the fingers-crossed day PS
thank you for everyone for the birthday
present things I haven't opened yet no
the new office that we're moving to has
a new Internet line in today and we're
going to speed test it and hoping it's
really fast if it is if it's not at
GLAAD like a jeweler love you you know
about being a guest to a school to play
in a not softball rounders game so I'm
gonna get my ass kicked by a bunch of
kids book local schools I don't have
coming to be a guest I was like yeah
sure so sent John Here I am time to get
my ass beat out not just any rounders
indoor rounders just cause cares between
the schools they said what team you on
you forget to choose the Lions or the
Tigers make a little goes a lion of
course has to be underlined now half the
team hate me yeah this is my life
consisted of a a bit around us right now
it's the weirdest set of rules in the
world but you don't what I'm doing
in what human played like it was amazing
what should it happen when I was
actually there with the teachers but
even better when I ran straight is that
kid he was absolutely fine don't worry
he's not hurt but he was supposed to
stand on the inside of the supposed and
yeah he was telling the outside so we
got completely annihilated roll the
replay God a I thought it was funny all
the teachers were in hysterics and the
kid was super cool so good sir if you're
watching this thank you for being a good
sport I owe you one
you mean you let yourself down right
you're T long you let your kids down now
did a competition the two teams are
lines in the tigers we picked one kid
from the Lions one from the Tigers
whoever runs the fastest to here get the
free syndicate future and then we've got
the two teachers and then whoever winds
up that that look at whoever wins off
that side they get to give a free
t-shirt someone else five four three two
one go go go go oh my god boy blue slice
also my close-up
we definitely have a winner we have a
winner well done mate well done
alright teachers up neck well done don't
worry I tell you what we'll hook you up
the future anyway all right nice one all
right all right teachers time in five
four three two one go here we go here we
go I give up Oh block again
well done team all right
you in the t-shirt to give to your kids
well dr. fishing about this to screen
school occur in the windows being up
high the chairs the thank-yous oh my
gosh this is throwing me this school the
best of coming up I'm throwing you in
the water now she what but this lovely
lady here six o'clock everyday watch how
did you even find my vlogs is because
the teachers yeah brew the teachers but
I'm keeping you in it you can you can I
can I can literally just dodge you into
it
right watch your log and she tech she
text my friend saying where's Tom ash
thank you very much for watching
advantage I appreciate ya this guy okay
that's my job get out of here text my
friend seen where Tom's vlog it's sick
Scott it's not lowly where is it I mean
so addicted it's like the Kardashians
I'm like okay I got compared to the
Kardashians interesting game where that
was a really good day at school st. of
my life been voir the absolute la blaw
that means one thing my house is gonna
be extremely tired today what is my dad
doing hey one sec can I borrow that
Hoover give me a favor can you do that
real quick yeah go again
get the gums gettin crumbs oh yeah oh
yeah get them get them
teamwork are you kidding me hey all
right try again
a bit tight oh wow looks like I'm back
in home Monroe to pick up my buddy AGL
looking mastic card to present today
well me brother Shibuya and all she
buggered off and and they flick shit
everywhere not the sheep who drove of
attract around flicking share ture
manure manure the grass and fertilize my
life oh oh I think one of the items I
need from a new project here and I
ordered this yesterday and I think I
think it is it I really hope it please
do do this is a fun it's a fun gadget
table anyway it was so cheap I think
that's like less than 10 pounds
let's take a look please be right I hope
it's the right there
it gives you all thermometer that reads
like a laser gun yes but like why have
you bought this you'll understand when I
reveal more about my project but for now
this is what we won taking the piss
whoever has a spare battery like that
and I go to the shop and get one but
it's one of your things where you hold
it like that meme from a distance it
takes the temperature of whatever it is
I don't have a note from this
unfortunately but whoever sent me that
Hermione Granger pot figure thank you
very much do I have her or not you've
got some new sound and know people hate
son but Stephen apparently we've decided
doesn't like the old stuff he's been on
so we'll put him on the new stuff to see
if he enjoys in law he still keeps
hiding away that said baby dragons do
very often randomly hibernate it's just
like a time of year they just like just
want to chill I just want to be in
darkest and relax so we probably don't
need to worry about Steve so much but at
least we know is it it should be okay
and the third value 7 we have a that's
remaining cringe or address but we do
not have
Hermione Granger says prefer open will
now make your way through the shell look
at that
the squad has
then reunited look at that yep Malphite
and acetylene look at that we've now
completed
I think the weights or did send me hard
to read wait they said they sent me
hundred well where am I
don't move it no I've got them one but I
don't know what I think we've had rid
but anyway so we've got how far over Ron
Hermione Dumbledore snake while Valdemar
and we got high-grade so we completed
the Harry Potter Club that might be the
first question we've ever completed nice
whoo again not sure you said it make
sure there was no no but someone sends
me a yogscast diggy diggy cup so thanks
for that I could put that up on my
shoulders beverage holding welcome to
the nabuchadnezzar another nice day
she's got the new home she's got the new
world present fragile if not do not drop
it oh and it is oh so much there's
another he booked drove the other one I
can bench get hot water
oh here we go here we go here we other
setting that as well there's no no it's
such thankfully are you really sure
oh yeah ah
oh god
but the sides go why that's weird that's
cool thank you so much for that we have
to reason osios from there I mean I got
you a present
he's showing it I've got your pheasant
growing walking on me close your eyes
this is gonna cost me know you had it
yawns you know how much you love pizza
meows a close challenge love peace earth
eats a pizza walk and bike oh look a lot
it's a pizzicato Kalaa that looks like a
bike on the battery included I don't
know that useful look a lot arena my
lovely phone call first of all do you
want to look good luck and heydrich
that's true did you drive across your
foot now just basic or tech don't tell
me we don't give you anything I don't
you pretty sure what about Jake Jake
Thanks
better know that what you're doing right
now is you mean okay and we're picking
the new door for the new subdivision
office to show which one would think
that one black in black good job because
that's the same door as my house but I
did something that's right
Oh dad trying to shoot at the hoop house
yoo-hoo oh yeah right if you can shoot
it from the wall in do tweak with the
wall from a wall one shot which one that
one which was most nah no no you can't
do that why you say that's true you said
I'm gone quite quick 20 quid 20 quid to
win our grand no Tom McCullar I get I
get guns good you're gonna get in
Wow alright go on dad you've only got
one shot one opportunity all these
didn't eat bloody van you having a go
you having to go she knows 20 quid
Zhanna like trying to throw behind
behind your head like not looking no you
do it with Eva hand backwards or you
read no backward what what was that what
with us you was on last go on life get
ready to have it if you get this in
straight wait wait quid dammit I was
filming it I was filming it
Alex you're supposed to do it from the
post by the way yeah there you go
oh here we go do you get if you get the
scene if you get this in one attempt
fifty quid
fifty quid go on last you could do it
what the friggin hell was that
but litt little Aram you have little
arounds okay got it
all right all right up for grabs this
quit a tenner drops why that oh my god
we should got it back to stray away
right 500 I'm gonna have to go and show
these kids I was doing all right go on
swish it and then from the post yeah and
you got your meter squid he may Chicago
music because that's better chances are
fair odds if we don't fall on top of it
now you've got you meet mr. good bargain
you know gents all right you know what
maybe I just need to step down a step
oh yeah I am ready anybody's make it a
bit more difficult what profession okay
give it give our good go look daddy just
brought the drain high he comes up
you're enjoying yourself now you outside
hmm nice and warm oh it's really nice
and warm through yeah get it elaborate a
lizard gonna run away and hide you
little hole that was over there snow
over there okay okay he hides underneath
the basketball hoop I think I got that
alleged I chose no the house you're not
loved I'm the favorite child
yeah dad I the favorite child
so yeah Steven Steven I what came basky
is chilly okay no is it all fancy Steve
now baby James
yes here is till you see it a debate oh
god Alex Wow disappointment
go get that go and get it or I will not
let you out the house go and get it I'm
nothing else
yep they were popping that brought the
whole try to set it over but apparently
I have to wait until the 17th and it's
the fist right now and I've got 10
minutes to get my wallet I was hoping
this is going to be super fast internet
so I guess I'm going to drive around the
streets of the local area trying to
world with her thorgy because my house
internet Fox shop is looking like a bomb
site right now but it's getting there
it's getting there time to switch off
four wives totally leave my crisps
behind and say good night
well actually can't I'll before which
other one good job boys good job we went
you consider all this as well notice
customized me no random a random dish
for a starter with Parma ham yeah summit
including Parma ham four star and it's
the main the nice fish that I like with
a sauce and the king prawn okay and some
roast beef okay
yeah surprise me with the starter Rose
you know I don't want pathogen on that
ship so it's somewhat high though I'll
make legal issue I'll see in two minutes
yeah you're on the desperate measures I
go through to get my vlog uploaded for
you guys I've got my laptop I've got my
dad's Internet in here and now I'm going
to try and get the vlog up as fast as
possible you got really student true
garden looks like look at this nice
little bits of furniture a nice wild
grass and trees and stuff Jewess matured
this is an apple tree yeah okay to take
a buy it no oh wait wait yeah your final
words before that was it's gotten is
amazing to do these on the apples oh
that's a shame we're gonna make some
juice actually roast with them roast
them wait just probably look at this
my dad's update how long your dish 20
years
that's what years if somebody's at this
look a little strawberry pod you're
survives is chimney we just have
strawberries that is randomly growth and
up boys nah I don't like strawberries
are rather them go to us dad that's an
I'll be no strawberry they're valuable
that's actually true fact
in Japan they sell them $500 huge big
ones it's your car
watch my whimpers watch my whimpers aah
did you not join us your magic trick
yeah I've seen them go see a magic trick
set your car can't do this watch the car
watch the car what you win - yeah
fix that did we try it it didn't work
now look if you hold it even longer it
actually does work we're just we're just
idiots brought them back beauty hey wait
if it's on the menu knows me this is the
benefits of having a friend who's a chef
where's your record Tom Beach Oh Marty
oh here we go
mmm not turned self out there to be on
the menu that need a syndicate special
menu Tom Collins doesn't love the fact
that everyone keep tweeting this picture
of you from one of my old videos even
he'll share sentiment I mean I mean
where's Leslie bu did it ever made in
job of this so far anyway I am tasteful
it you are some prawns and some Cod I'm
supposed to be streaming up at 6:00 yeah
about that solid dish very solid dish
easy 9 easy eating and about stop my
stream I should start a long time got
Martha shoutout to blue Smurf for
sponsoring this troop thank you very
much up first bunch of the day giving
him a shot would you believe it I then
ended up streaming all night I went an
extra free while I was streaming I had
an absolute blast brought ladies and
gentlemen that's going to do it for
today's looks I didn't do anything for
the rest of Matt that was there just
going better and show that book yeah I'm
actually really excited for the next few
days because one I found it I'm not
going to New York which is kind of like
a I'm going to New York bought two it
gives me time to work on a little
project and I'm really excited to work
on it I know you all so much
I'm being really cryptic about what it
is it's just because I'm trying to
collect everything I need to be able to
then attempt to first do it and I've
come up with a name for the project and
I think it's a really good name like the
small map people I thought it to who
like creative designer people I like
there's an absolute dope name so I'm
really really excited to sty and like I
said it it it's nothing serious
but it's a fun project for me to do just
as like a little side hobby because you
know like with my vlogs and stuff like a
film every day of my life so why not
film project in the vlog so that's
pretty much what I'm gonna do so I hope
you enjoy and you know what it may be
useful for you guys I don't know what
we'll just wait and see so and you'll
find out more information in tomorrow's
vlog because I just got a package worth
of stuff for it so I'm really excited I
hope you guys think the name of real I
don't know when I'm going to announce
the name right when I get the logo I'm
going to announce it but I hope you guys
dig it well I'm gonna wrap up here guys
there's no stream today if you're
watching this right now but yeah make
sure you follow me on Twitter at pro
syndicate I'm gonna be tweeting about
the new project and still follow me on
instagram at syndicate and if you want
to follow me on facebook if you're not 4
years old apparently everyone keeps
insulting facebook you can find me at
life of Tom there so we're subsea places
I don't catch you guys later
REO
