oh it's a nice calm and gray day in
England which means it's the perfect
weather for shots probably not a true
statement but I'm wearing a t-shirt the
world's thinnest jacket and shots the
only thing I'm missing in all fairness
is flippy floppies they shall return and
yet it's another day of trying to
venture through the muddy path that is
the guinot
the dreaded muddy Guinness is depending
on whether you are in the world it's a
fresh new dawn day in England I will say
it's it's two o'clock in the afternoon I
lie in bed for an hour on my phone
scrolling Instagram does anybody else do
that why I know Lydia spends hours and
hours and I was doing it but I didn't
know it was a guy thing it's a dark day
in the office was calling I try to save
power saving the planet one step at a
time right so the plan is do you want
anything else on your toes do you need
ham you need cheese and white bread
Fridays it's indicated you know it's
toasty Fridays and if you don't want
toasty is you might think oh maybe it's
just a piece of bread like with cheese
and ham on it like that no it's a
triangle and it's all all the corners
are sealed like the edges are sealed and
it just packs in all the flavor just
just type in triangle toasties and
prepare to have your mouth water a loaf
of bread some Cathedral has to be
Cathedral mature and cheddar cheese and
then that is the most depressingly sad
old stuck football I've ever seen in my
life first ingredient white loaf thank
you
what cheese did I get what she's which
one no which make but they don't say
hate the best kind of cheese all right
then what happened did I get
get to the kitchen I know you might like
Jay Paul but I'm a low gangster all
right so Logan's music yes Jake's no
thanks
you heard me what I don't understand you
as a person all right I love you love
you love you love you love you love you
look Karen Karen thank you I'll tell you
something man I'm literally incapable of
getting this vlog up on time I get
carried away with my day which then
affects my vlog like I've just been sat
at the syndicate regional office for an
hour live-streaming on Twitter on my
mobile phone and what if I've been doing
I've been streaming like me signing and
drawing on posters so anyone who sent in
an order I was signing a drawing I might
actually put a clip of it in the video
today know proud of my sister so proud
of you this can now never be removed
from Alice
a days Fisher whenever you gained your
half this is the Alice show this
afternoon
Wow so what do you like doing oh wow
that's a good moonwalk have you only got
to dance moves walk backwards and then
jump why is that Jack and Logan Paul
would be impressed if you play Jack and
Logan Paul be impressed of you that what
you do if you proud of Logan to see this
is logging your number one BAE
that's what I was doing I just sat there
signed anyone who ordered in a t-shirt
we gave him a free poster signed it and
send it off to him and it was pretty
good like we had a lot of fun I was just
talking with my chat and it was just mad
cuz the artists were coming in from like
all over Europe and stuff because I
always forget like my audience isn't
just English oh they're not just
American or smile out which are the two
biggest audiences I have but all these
others were coming from like Norway and
Sweden this stuff is just just mad so I
appreciate the worldwide audience you
guys are amazing
no I'm gonna miss car let's find our
area is the chances are it's grandad and
it was look at him there again yeah
basically I've got my putted shots on it
makes me like I've got a weird for us
whatever is going on but it's a it's
currently like five o'clock and I
supposed to be riding at five o'clock
and I supposed up my vlog and it and
uploaded by six o'clock going to we're
going here this is yesterday's vlog and
I've edit it all together because I
streamed all day and I've realized that
the vlog is it's only five minutes long
hmm sorry about that there's really not
much I can do about it usually I try and
like fill out the content a bit but in
this in this case possible but I need
some shorts on I need a ride in Jersey I
think it's this one going out with the
boys tonight and I go get my shoes on
get my biking gear on already good at
all
I was actually hoping the bike is my
waiting for me but they're not I am
truly petitioned with my dad in the
woods to change the bike in time to 5:30
when have you ever seen me on time for
going riding
so our petition excuse me I've
petitioned with the boys to allow me to
meet I'm at half five instead of like it
gives everyone a bit more of a chill
time getting back from work and stuff
but the answer has been so far no I'm
officially not alone
this skis got an electric bike so
because they've already set off we're
gonna go catch up with him but his bike
is faster than mine so rather than being
the fastest rider I'm neither clois is
this guy just Saudis phone still fucking
Oh God
yeah chicken Sally's bone whilst driving
these cars looking license plate
dickhead bike is it that hard to not be
on your phone for like 15 minutes while
she driving idiots
oh we race as fast as we could
my bike can max out 16 17 miles per hour
what can yours do what's this about it
can do 30 mile per hour mine mine stuck
to factory settings it's not faze
catching up with cars and I was just
left at the back right yeah all right
then super speed really come on
oh oh oh been some shaggers in this ugly
hundred percent what a cool what what a
cool thing to leave is there anything in
there I'm the captain now Bend into it
Tony Tony bender oh god his dick
together we've been back from riding for
ages now and Tom he said he was at the
Pope and we've been here for an hour
he's serving a meal with his bloody
family he's not rode with us it's time
that his family come and drink with us
in raining I sound like a fucking foot
what so you know what I always say my
cats have a FOMO fear of missing out
Luna and I were cuddling and Gadsby's
come to the door and he's just meowing
his tits off
which in consequence learners now like
why is my brother outside the door yeah
in his face off
she looks so evil but because God's bees
outside Lunas freaking out
weed you miss you know what's matter
he's okay he's okay
Tom becomes apparently at the pub on his
own already so House get him off good
because he'd be there for like 15
minutes we've agreed to meet up at 10
o'clock he was kind of late to go for a
drink in the pub book we're all gonna go
meet up have a drink just catch up not
seen him in forever so should be quite a
nice night and I managed to that's a
revealing position in that mirror of
bloody hell really gonna turn around I
decided it's just you in the bathroom
and my body was aching from the bike
ride I proper proper push myself on the
ride because as you guys know the bike I
ride he's like super heavy but I decided
to switch off the like the ride
mechanism on it and ride up the biggest
hill of the night without it on and I
was absolutely pooped
well that didn't stop me from getting
back do my thing get mi work doing go
and meet you up with the boys I'm gonna
drink and more importantly it's morning
so do you know what I did
I uh there goes I'm so happy right now
I just said my friend new have to
whisper to say her name with why she
talked to you Alexa what day is in it's
Saturday March 10th Alexa play Will
Smith playing songs by Will Smith from
Spotify on bedroom
Alexa in 10 seconds remind me to tell my
audience their legends I'm reminding you
in 10 seconds remind me to tell my
audience 10 legends close enough thank
you very much have a nice night
all the best appreciate the guy who just
delivered that then that's the Domino's
delivery driver
I had a house pie with loads random
people here and random people ordered
Domino's to the house that delivery
driver came to the house dropped off the
piece it didn't get paid and left so
rather than asking for the money he just
talked to the patient left then the next
day came to the house and asked me for
the money and I was like I actually
wasn't me ordered it like I just didn't
I mean but he demanded I was like how
much was paid if I didn't order it
he then twisted it to be like it's your
house you have to pay for I was like
whoa just cuz I depart it like it's not
the same if you had a pie your house
someone order food would you pay for it
like you don't ask for it so no I think
was like I'm gonna sue yeah I'm suing
yeah I'm taking you to call on all this
so I just rang his local Domino's I was
like you do know when your employees
trying to sue me for paying for food
that I've never ordered once Rashad he
was in the wrong I got free Peter out of
it and everything was sorted but he just
came to the door then I was like yeah
long time no see cuz like yep I'm I'm
not trying to save me this time my ear
is like god no I was like fuck Willard
I'm watching oh my god whoa stop strobe
light institute cover-ups or something
like that but oh yeah I got 20 chicken
wings and and a medium pepperoni pizza
very very nice
I'm in bed ready to fall asleep watching
Netflix that's passed or opens thought
was being robbed Lydia's home going
going out riding a bike in the weather
it probably isn't the smartest of ideas
so I'm now drinking 11 it looks like I'm
drinking pee the thing is I think it's a
head they caught a head flu or something
or like a head cold cuz like my body
doesn't feel bad but my face is just not
even groggy and Flemmi in there you know
in today's vlog hey guys thank you very
much for watching if you did enjoy it
make sure you leave a like her and if
you're new around it you've a click the
subscribe button or if you're existing
around it you just don't click the
subscribe button
Becky YouTube click that subscribe
button press the little bell next
get dingdong in your notifications so in
time I said blood on your video you can
see when I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next daily vlog sounds like
a plan as usual I'm gonna be streaming
tonight at 7 p.m. so if you guys weren't
tuning twitch.tv for show syndicate
I'll see you guys faces there play a bit
of foreigner and maybe maybe some pub
gee I'm actually feeling more like
playing Babji they on for tonight
Bob will think about it and also I'm
getting partly my Lonely Island series
like proper series back on track so
let's see how that goes
asari us
