Frane summit breakfast process in my
day-to-day business got it sure oh yes
the rainfall shower I have commenced
watering them my face I don't say the
way to shit when I wake up all right we
started today I don't have any plans of
action I have got a secret project that
I'm gonna talk to you guys about so it's
not really secret but it is all right if
I feel that you know what well the hell
what is you doin here in there hell did
he arrive please check out his garden
patch a wild Colin appears scrubs out
the area and just continue as
maneuvering around my house like the
cheeky bugger he is I'm just putting
that away for the record if my fashion
sense was an odd enough already you know
it's always a synthetic t-shirt usually
like DC shoes or threaded robbers and my
latest edition of comfort is swing
shocks yep these rooms yours and they're
so comfy breathable and there's so many
port keys so you know like when people
do those how to be this person 101 star
okay well mine now consists of silica
tisha oh please flippy floppies and swim
shots
yep where are you ah the question is
though where am I I could be in here
or I could be in here
that gun old now we're dummies well
you'll have to find now who's gonna pay
I maybe you should send a top-up don't
you think
roots yes oh my god okay that's
available just a few bubbles keep em
closed don't open them don't open them
don't open them don't open them I could
look at your big weight bullshit look
great a lot difficult to clean up
Melanie no I just offered just lay
ditches or little disobey it often
becomes don't don't go buy any more on
in clean track truly have no idea what
that's like
no have a look it looks pretty big Wow
when I take pretty I mean pretty big
this is got Susy gothic what is it what
it looks like a big sticker my life it
is a big sticker mine what Boulder for
packing purposes only
um who the hell who the hell sadly there
do you want to take part in my new
little business you me can see what to
do it oh no not what you mean not one
day to do business yeah well not Monday
I'm them three which I rather sorry
oh I had to kick my granddad out the
house like he turns up just at random
times like say when I'm editing my vlog
so like that when you know I need to be
focusing on what I'm doing wrong like
family comes first ball likes a firm
edit my vlogging sort of like I'll never
get edited together upon time and like
most of times when it's late and I'm in
the UK is because he's rounded my house
and I'm chilling with him but this time
I like grandeur I got kicked you out
going help Alice's syndicate original
and he was like oh
all right fair enough and when if you do
want to see me just let me know and I'll
come and see you and other I do want to
spend down with me was like all right
well if you do just let me know and I'm
like I love you
you sure swimming shorts flip-flops
rainy day priorities 101 and if the
helper they just walks out the office
and open the bloody door by not carrying
old it mix L nor movement I don't want
to eat healthy
something about mumble reality for
everybody mate or goddess yeah I visit
them hahahahaha oh you know really nice
some would you let me see oh no and can
we help it Wow everyone if you wanted to
mention silica original during the
24-hour period of this vlog being off
I'm gonna give away a free origins crew
neck with it yeah
bombard Alice with ordered so she did
hate sad I'll show you a twenty is by
the way this does the crewneck does not
that's a crewneck that one but is like
the jumper so if you order now if it
what day is it what day is just going up
Wednesday yeah Wednesday you got until
Thursday to order and you get pretty
sure not not everybody just one person
even a shout-out to Connor said it kind
of said it was payday Friday so what
better way is it to get some swag hold
you guys are having a good day
and when you see this and PS I'm serious
about the LTX welcomers long Connor in
good ol wicked Connor modular man must
love that I could you acne and I'd be
there packaging up good fucking reducer
business my other hole not this one
you've got something in you remove that
what about in that one was another one
this'll be really yeah when are we
moving out if you eat oh I think we just
have to say screw it I'm going to buy
some regional a factory do with all the
top floor that I can do my project for
the what so you came in on Monday this
is here
I pulled about said the house was like
the office was like why the bricks on
the floor outside won't be whole Alice
had the pleasure of turning what part of
finding and the button didn't car yo I
wish I knew that was dad's really that's
right we put on brick with a real good
Nick's a car like that's a Nick the
tires are screwed
yeah I don't get that your company idea
it's a fun more project that I'm doing
mother right it's nothing to be taken
serious yet but if I can do it pretty
sweet
madlife machine what is it for him it's
a phone case but limited edition phone
cases which have nothing to do with in
the original maybe but I've got some fun
boys assume I'll just work Rogers room I
don't care that I got two pairs of
flip-flops mark to me for my birthday I
obviously don't care you can take it
back Burnham because nothing it is but
its original flip-flops which resides
five and I'm a size eight and don't fit
but you know what we have somebody else
under a woman's a woman's look at them
but they actually fit for it makes no
sense
I don't get it it's fun compiled by OHT
many questions technology syndicate
t-shirt flippy floppies swim shot Joe
why aware though what can you've got zip
pocket just safety and you've got other
pockets down there today mate that's
what it consists of people always
tweeting me every time I see a Jaguar
them all eating davi ramen noodles
everyone buying flip-flops or whenever
the seafood swaps and now when everyone
sees the BMW i3 there are like look at
this piece of shit the year people think
of making sort of germs wearing a cotton
socks I'm looking at all throw on how to
click on the sake study
watch German from 1998 I'll be at Lodi
via Bob deck deeper nice juggling those
gems each other look at all just like
it's a cow
if anything goes wrong the British Gas
there's always a job here for you isn't
that right
Alice I'm triggering a millionaire at
first we know this cow but you know in
case you're on your phone us a lot not
and got suspended for any reason
- works at interior you know wife
yesterday working for your charge when I
found the company because I can love
them so much why would you pay well you
put it in the blog so now you mention it
hey are you upside so many business the
Mike on phone yes don't boy yeah because
no matter what you do as long as it's
fun at first and then you give you
commit yeah guess what you can make what
it s like not you guys in the blog
literally didn't evolve yeah solid you
put tea but tea leaves in it okay what
series did it doesn't have your cup o
came from China no idea it's all about
what is it you put you put tea using it
and then hang it on the side of your cup
I think you drink the tea me
assuming why I'm about out there I'm
here to the record you can send an email
for my new company just so we can have
struck it yes yes I mean I need to not
thank you me who your season so we got
call it a company at we can't Advent
project yeah you've got yeah cool by you
know like I get shares in the venture
cuz you know why cuz yeah is that invest
now in bet now so I played open if
anything happens it doesn't matter
exactly only cookie sale it's just fun
okay but it but then what what the book
but then the book which is the book a by
the way quite like has nothing to do
with it just I like a book to fulfill
our end of the deal Alex you send my
email and I sign probably about four of
these again so if anybody wants a signed
again I don't understand what people
really want them but I sign in Sami 61
Leffler and they will be in the next two
days and three days worth of orders so
if you order anything anything from
syndicate Rijal you could get yet again
because my internet home is so slow
decided to pull up outside this run in
person's house because I was uploading
my vlog whilst driving along and when I
looked down it was like vlog at eighty
percent to go said like five minutes
remaining
there's like Dean's isn't fast Wi-Fi
around here like dater internet mobile
phone that's which I just pulled over
uploaded it and I'm going to get on the
road again so
please close the vlog we'll go up on
time okay so my thought yesterday was
actually ready on time for six o'clock
books I was driving stuck in traffic it
was 15 minutes late also I'm just
getting down ground an expert on create
a sequence oh whatever this is even
classes Jen what what is it
Koba glittery shit look look look that
everywhere I hate Stephen also known as
web she bought me a cab like a thousand
in and I shook the character thought was
something heavy in it sequins went
everywhere the house has been invaded my
son my son my son open okay
what we don't even want to sit are you
don't even look happy oh okay
when I see you for like five six days me
look at him which is fat she's fat and
tired I think what's wrong with you
you're looking at me so weirdly bring
them into a better light there you go
you see me now he's like you babes crap
I don't recognize a guy
so two crows
the rig your servo groans now this gonna
be happening I knew I could hear it I
knew I could hear it so as you guys know
we assassinated one crow 100 big
dreamers moved out oh oh no wonder fun
we got some new neighbors but this can't
be happening we all know I assassinate
one crow right had some donuts Billy I
killed it coming yeah I'm gone but
obviously there was one crow remaining
but that pros found another mate and
it's only a matter of time before that
girl teaches the other crowd to come on
our nose just got ice cream no but I'll
hear them again to start this real quick
by saying a massive shout to death
stormer 104 thank you very much for
sponsoring the livestream you're the
first one of the day so thank you this
is my life
continuing sat in front of us oh my god
this is inception this is me sat in
front of the screen so me myself psych
for the screen in a video game
of my life whoa this is just weird I
don't know sir
okay listen right I'm streaming the Sims
and it's supposed to be me living my
life in the Sims but like one thing
words would overwrite so basically and
slim from this lady in the sim and the
husband so that's a good thing but then
also my sim over here is showering but I
trapped this girl in here and delete the
tour so I'm assuming she's gonna die so
although it was a reason I'm just trying
to be a murderer or something like that
but I delete the doctor she stole my toy
cap that's a reasonable excuse for
murder in a video game right she
literally stole my car so consider that
be my Audi cutie she nicked it if maybe
the car was this big book still she
nicked it so she's gotta go I fail to
remember when this was part of my life
baby born hello I'm Rhiannon here would
you let you know that you're this I just
had great beautiful bit on our ships I
guess there's a baby out there in the
world God grace that's mine you know
proud today's dream is over and you know
what I'm actually very tempted to stream
some model offer remastered so good
also to do that book I'm gonna start
doing this because I think it's pretty
awesome I've seen a few youtubers do it
I'm like I like you sure - thank you -
people who follow me on the Instagram so
I'm gonna do a much job today to prepare
I'm Rob I do oh whoa whoa is a bowler
it's a bowl watch the time school what a
nice guy doesn't show your high school
but a massive shout I'm item rag of the
95 not judge you Matt thank you for male
Israel however totally sober butchering
your name but it doesn't do anything
I must be shoutout to EDM gamer 1 thank
you very much describe and switch and
also toilet bone Nikolai 1 for
subscribing the twenty nine one zero
down pickle I thank you for subscribing
thirty eight months in a row what the
heck boys I'm going this style tour at
all right now I don't you guys remember
but when i was III like go back to a
little bit when i was III I bumped into
like this guy gave me a control my first
ever sponsor in my life from gaming mods
this is a video I did of getting the
review control of what is it gay gaming
mods calm that's that's the controller
fake I was fake deep voicing because my
voice was so high-pitched you guys can't
hear but I would fake fake deep voice in
because like look at blocks and songs to
the background I'm showing off I'm
solving fucking Berkeley like this was
the biggest deal to me back in the day
like if you ever wanted to watch your
search iPhone 4 HD controller of you and
you know what's funny get in a
sponsorship like this back in the day
was huge but then these guys dropped me
for someone else these guys dropped me
for the Grizz the greatest college Yui
sniper like in the world okay it's time
to determine whether or not we can be
friends
and you must let whoa why you question
our friendship top and all right we're
cool right now but if you're from the UK
the Americans and everyone else in the
world you're good Canadians or you're
fine alright but if you're watching this
right now and you're from England and
you eat more yogurts these ones and you
don't lick the lid when you peel it off
we can't be friends I'm sorry I'm saying
it right now I need to know down in
comments but I don't you lick the lid I
know people who go with the lid and I'm
no longer the friends so let it be known
better be a lit liquor oh that is gonna
be the end of a new Dale dude wait what
all day and all dawn that could be my
outro it's been an all day oh no it's
been a long day the long doctor no I'm
not even sure what I was trying to do
that but nonetheless they're gonna wrap
up my day I enjoy streaming last night
I've not seen to Twitter oh my god I'm
so lightheaded from standing up so fast
on set I need a moment I need a moment
and you know what I need as well come
here stop it I need a Steven
okay so ah look at me I just scratched
on your little ships to you
alright so much love from me and Steve
would shown out and the Sun having a bit
of bathing time out we see yes Dee yes
even my loving you so cute but I need to
now edit this vlog and I need to edit
this vlog together post it online so
people can enjoy it so thank you very
much for watching make sure to smash
that like right if we can hit 12 like
grains no 11 if we can hit 11 like
grains you know what I'm gonna do a
magic dance tomorrow in the vlog so I'll
catch you guys then enjoy much wool and
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next daily vlog Steve say goodbye
woof okay there you go and I'm out so
sorry all cysmart okay and scraggly
bloggers and videos videos well I got
