know what pain to start this day put the
half the whisper but 30 come on i'll a
good morning
you know i was that how do you know that
kentucky not looking for you so what's
your cup i'll gonna pour a bowl of all
of your face
have a beautiful day sister when she's
up to your face on a quarter I lied on
us ha wait if I say study hopes to
goodbye how do I say hello what is it in
Spanish though once wha oh my gosh
it is hot as balls in England right now
the temperature in this room is really
29 degrees a lot of action today is to
go and get some milk after I've got some
of my next on I've actually to add my
vlog next one direction after that is to
get my hair cut it this car needs
cleaning
it's absolutely disgusting so that's all
pretty much pollen and tree sap I've got
to get this car cleaned a thirst
destination let's get this girl looked
and brands thank the new we simply gonna
remove all that boom doing good Mouse
and then we'll get me a cup the imminent
looking lick I can idiot put a window
down and put it back up Travis Wood
marks on it look he did a damn good job
destination number two is that circular
widen red rotating thing also England
known as the Babbitt crazily two hours
later I ended walk in there a stupid
busy time well I got the haircut I'm
feeling good I'm feeling for fit need to
get some gel in it and actually need to
buy more gel because mine exploded in my
flight back from LA so I'm giving it a
because the task filter so that we're
going to toad on me I'm an idiot
I just waited like two hours to get my
hair cut got my hair corners like right
you could pilot yep mate that's
absolutely fine nice one paid drove off
completely we forgot to get my sideburns
trim a beard trim a mustache trimmed or
anything so I'm looking kind of all over
the place right now so I'm going to try
and go back in see feel touch up for me
well others run it makes me look super
good look look at where the tan line is
where my hair is been I'm now going to
sit out in the Sun all day just to try
and reconnect that time line because
right now I look like a goddamn sausage
you eat them all well as one still
behind you in that tree and you are
still looking very fat so let's catch it
said Lila booty they're free Steven
they're free eat them okay guys ah yes
the perfect looking cipher and moustache
not so much but it looks good you know
the one problem is I don't know how
whatever died so I'm gonna have to shave
it a lot
I'm get me wrong I'd look to be like
rocking this all the time people call
this by the chinstrap I love it even
though it looks a little bit punchy I
actually like it however you can't
exactly write one chinstrap and not the
other so we're going to your goatee now
could I could leave that and wait for
that to grow back in but it's going to
happen so okay okay which was a scrape
around in pepperoni my beautiful big
thing gone well it makes me look super
good look look at where the tan line is
where my hair is been I'm now going to
sit out in the Sun all day just to try
and reconnect that time line because
right now I look like a goddamn sausage
let's go and sit in the Sun and get rid
of this line ah wait hold up far I need
to upload my blog I've already edited it
rendered it and I wanted to do is leave
it uploading on my computer
ah there you go the blood is uploaded
what when I was 57 minutes took what I
got a startup loaded at one o'clock good
damn is going big long at time I can't
believe that's gonna take so long up one
certainly missing glass it takes so long
to load like what the hell maybe you
guys can understand that when I was at
that hotel and the internet speed 100
upload that's why I was fucking so much
it ought loaded a 30 minute vlog in 4 to
3 3 to 4 minutes ok whereas here nearly
2 hours this is where I'm spending my
day trying to top up my sideburn tan
line on a hammock with Ken
cheers for the pint war a very beautiful
little dinner with a gale on my dad
thanks guys
much a really good for Gisela prawns yes
there he goes
I told you guys he's not slowly well
fast you just cruise you don't go crap I
still love him gonna come on that is one
weird it's looking pigeon look at it
what are you doing what I should do
finish merrily can smell lettuce like a
dog right so let it fly some good stuff
once I'm good good yeah walking it I'm
lasting okay he's going whoa Oh hahaha
like needing it big but Wally munchies
well first and then
for a bloody lovely day what a lovely
day Oh My Darling gay loving someone
cheat cams go to The Syndicate original
office but first of all something not so
lovely my fuzzy for peace but they may
be the cause of me hunting a little bit
of athlete's foot on this left toe
section and hopefully this is the place
that is open and he's gonna take care of
it but myself the good walk come down
come down got myself a good surprise for
this first of all is hey P but that was
because I keep getting completely bummed
of all the time but I got some back
darling which is some cream which I
don't really know I have to put it on
twice a day for seven days and hopefully
my feet fix themselves I was like what a
doctor and say gee if you've got an STD
seven days cream and you'll be fine like
I'm bumping into everyone today easy now
to get decided the next car I'm getting
has to have a C seat remember like with
what in cars you can get like a heated
seat but you can also get like a
ventilation system in your seat
I've got suede chairs in my LT TT I'm
just sweating to it every time I get
inside it I'm going to enjoy this
I like the warm version of it I don't
want to call same thing in it oh you
know what I actually think I prefer a
cold vanilla latte that I do a hot one
oh so refreshing oh I just found out
this month is motor no motor neuron
disease awareness month so if you guys
say oh no I'm not mom you explain it we
had a question tipton on the cancer that
the last insomnia I'm talking to this
the label is locally to worse and shit
represented by Marlies awareness yes
syndicate regional doing a good cause oh
my god is that my birthday present hi
over there is it oh my god so if you've
ordered send me a birthday present
Cindy Corinne Gulas calm Mike in the
last two days I forgot a birthday card
Hey what is it so we go through the
birthday card see hunger daisies are a
surprise
we're under 400 for one out
blubber blubber here the helmet
Steve Libby brothers are your eyes yeah
I don't know yeah Dave King you are the
absolute man with these from a birthday
or I literally have the best audience
any existence of my phone just for me
yeah okay so I can open it all right
does it come Oh No Oh tom is it your
fanatic says happy birthday on it no I
don't listen to anything about versus
dog voice I sent me a package I'm going
to guess right now it's in Scotland I
don't know I'm just saying it I sent me
a package containing Lothar a pop bigger
thank you my friend
maybe a duplicate just just saying that
right now a pop figure um so much like I
think Warhammer figurines um Oh
big-ass bottle a single mulch mulch malt
whiskey thank you so much my friend
getting drunk up in here um hello four
figurine brilliant more more than what
the figurines some pokemon cards oh wait
okay that Pokemon on you that's Pokemon
and you Gil guys mixed together and oh
hello Steve drawing now let's go wait is
rule 1 is that all that's fake crow
Nevermore look at that oh look at it
Steve's face look at him hey you got ya
got my flip-flops
xiaolin shadow and shine Shan Shan Shan
no showing Shaolin shall we yah a
different show Shaolin no you don't come
listen it was brilliant quiet no that's
really good it might be two people got
this way I think just something is what
I need to read a lot ah box of goodies
to be shared with anyone you wish battle
for more oh but all more for yourself
but it's a battle more for yourself
front I'm sorry to say you activated my
trap card
better luck next time trying to catch
them on my daugthers ponder killing me
maybe digital the next time to super ii
should become the ultimate beyblade
master for your attempt i award you 10
points the house of Ravenclaw thank you
so much for that so yeah thank you very
much for the pokemon card kobe thanks to
the picture and zu leak here uh I don't
know how to say thanks very much to the
top figure and shut shit showering
Shan Shan shall we thank you very much
for the note and then the Pokemon cards
for myself a there's a lot of names on
that but I like that I like that a lot a
group package and there you go ladies
and gentleman I've actually just signed
the documentation that said I'm
officially going to insomnia at Scotland
so if you're going now and on the game
stand and will return security all the
games done so I'm going I've wanted to
go to insomnia in Scotland for quite
some time I was really going that missed
out last year bought after the life of
Tom tour and I met so many of you guys
it was like stupid when I went to
Scotland and I'm like I want to go back
I don't want to meet as many as possible
so if you want to go to insomnia in
Scotland and you've been like maybe
thinking about it hopefully this
convinces you to go I still don't get
the height but by popular demand I'm
going to be signing more of these so he
buys them from finding original get the
chance to win one of these and also I
still don't know who this person is I
did youdid committee name everybody do
that so the job until dad joined such
original say son watch the vlog yeah
we saw Henry long Henry Henry long your
eyes insomnia sits there and is that
picture though like proof know what
Henry there you go
I'm signing your face a bunch of times
so oh man it's always good going in that
book to tell you what Alice is just
insane she's absolutely crazy I'll tell
you what another thing I'm getting well
excited to the limited edition a new
product that we're going to release a to
me it means a lot and it's probably the
most meaningful limit edition thing with
evidence syndicate regional and like my
life sort of thing so I'm proper stoked
I'm hoping this is my boy John McCallum
couldn't for the life of me get the
solid shoes like qy in causing working
so I'm plugged it and I'm going to give
it to my dad and quit with it so he
better work out to use it and now I'm
starts at the pub weirdest Geeta
waiting for Wesley be to organize with
some food and very very hungry
Wesley B is doing me right here so I'm
having chicken pieces and chicken Asian
baguette like the sun's tonight a little
bit more not gonna live or I'll take you
ah shit the bed a trough well it's good
my first ever time I'm trying to twist
it uh I just playing it actually yeah go
get the middle team I don't know feel
like hell that guy's got so much stuff
on that like I'm well impressed it's not
exactly a visit to the graves unless
Sean Murray turned up outside it look at
him
it's such a fabulous lucky mine in it
it's super it truly looks like a new
killer bombs just off in the distance
like an AK and there's way what's not
what terms it it is currently not what
it's ten plus nine at night and it's
this bright you joking me little bit of
an update remember them biscuits out
left our mouths yesterday that got so
goddamn hot they're supposed to look
like this well I was put them in the
fridge after they've melted and now they
look like this that is the king of
cookies that is great dad thank you very
much the building the Barbie short for
me what a lot you know it's also great
oh my god has even think about putting
that together I just saw a fox
run through my garden and through here
do Fox eat sheep babies stay safe I'm
worried for you but what I'm not worried
for is how amazing that beautiful son
says look at okay this looks even more
crazy on camera Jesus top pops like hell
literally oh there he is right there
even I look like a pixel it worth his
weight order sheep I swear to God it's
going so far away that you can't I can't
without the spied in there yet you can
you can just see him even though you
look like a bug my buddy Texel I hope
you didn't eat a baby she mate there's
so much nature well that one to stop the
person at the front and you're supposed
to be in the middle there well ok stuff
it this geezer is supposed to be the old
bottle opener oh oh no they went out of
focus and we split up I guess they went
their own separate ways so beautiful and
lovely all there's another beautiful
dating when I've got the full doors open
about a guest swimming round at my house
today you know find out who that guest
is it's a special guest and they've
never been swimming in my pool before so
you have to find out that is in
tomorrow's blog feel free you take guess
they comment down below but I'm really
really struggling with hey people right
now so I'm going to go get an ice lolly
and a tablet and start a new day so
thank you very much for watching guys I
hope you enjoyed the vlog make sure you
leave a like rating click that subscribe
button if you don't click it and you're
not subscribed you don't get notified
when I post a new video and if you're
absolutely awesome ding dong that Bell
and screenshot me
Twitter I'm going I have to attend to my
guests much love
and Alice
