where's he gone
what she's vanished gone the truth only
one place this key is gonna be distance
I've found him grandad slowly approaches
his garden patch
he's walking hello happy Father's Day
granddad it's 9:30 in the morning and me
my gun does have a rule he's not
supposed to come round mouth and knock
on before 10:00 a.m. you might be like
why is that real exist
trust me I wanna go to bed at like 6:00
a.m. sometimes from playing video games
you know getting woken up it just ruins
my day I'm asleep I'm in everything that
so fact that it's just fully turned up
now F plus 9 is in trouble be a girl
that you're supposed to be doing your
flowers knots at there you come to watch
the planes come in all right well you
chill out I'm on the show but I'm going
to wearing all black today is a terrible
idea seen as though it is gorgeous out
in UK but damn gon do it get out of a
boy house go I need to go through a
pitiful boy you're right no rush you
look you like your happy chappy you
doing well you eating good yeah
did you put the flower punch sign in no
yeah no should she do that tomorrow yeah
tomorrow
do not turn up half past 9:00 though
sound good my granddad is truly bad from
ternopil my house like before like 10
a.m. he always does it though you're
just so excited to see me on y'know all
the elements just left without eating
Ceaser's foodie l get assigned you you
fat bastard only mate oh my god you're
huge
now I've got a beautiful two-hour
journey to get my ass to Wales and start
so me heck man what's going on with a
car it's filthy
it's bloody dirty I'm going to draw it
to wheels I was you look very nice
you're very nice in summary you're
exactly for Father's Day okay your
father's what happens when I have a kid
like how do we work out what people we
go there do it thank you
what a way to start Father's Day because
here's one BMW badge
there's zero p.m. to be badge but we
don't know where we got stolen from
outside the house whether it just came
off whether it was or through the way
put either way my dad's missing the BMW
badge so rip oh hi cat hi there father
one brother one brother to that tattoo
looks sick when did you get that whoa
double bucket
that's girl not one me wrong I like what
rah so when people say get your after
all hey what up geezer I just look in
the corner and see you like a dog
cruising round sheesh he's absolutely
look at him compared to my foot walk
it's just massive it's adventure time
it's adventure time let's rock and roll
let's rock and roll
it's a tent at home it's a beautiful day
also note white shirt houses like you
did good bye excuse me bye girl yeah
sighs well I'm talking about where the
other one is like a rally squad
I like it I love it I love it I love
that one even what's got a bloody
spoiler on the back
whoa what is that very very cool
and then we're going to we're gonna
wonder now it's Father's Day
we got palace we got back we got bleep
we got the bum alarm alarm alarm all
together and oh yeah obviously put on
their good stuff this we're taking my
dad we're on the motorway now driving to
go and catch up with them because
they're making maybe two seconds ahead
of us I think we'll win the race to get
to London Oh have a nice valley well
Buddha book is that guy Luda oh no
cookie that guy who's that guy
happy Father's Day dad now it will make
later Twitter
you can't see it fly goddammit
don't drink driving well shot yeah being
present in the car I'm fully Morris I've
actually making me my water no it's been
my uncle how did you decide any was that
bad oh my God look Alex thank you I
might have actually been like a place
where the sewage works poke it out
driving London no that was your intro
I know a guy who and London I've got the
reverse into this place it was water are
you lost it but I don't want the other
one to space tom is doing great driving
skills
I'm actually pretty sick of driving
right now on a dead guy
it works me gottam awfully well is that
not really wondered no swim about I will
be there in 30 minutes and then we get
out get ice cream and get attacked by a
tin can on that dr. Jones what made
it to the kettle for north on Linden no
swimming center I think this is a
parking space somebody just driving and
parking tickets please let me know that
looks like space ballots under space
that looks like a space so I park there
I I don't see anything wrong with me
putting my wheel on the curb I guess I
could've done it could've done this
would be fun right right pressure boys
you see the Sydenham body how bear
monsterous my book to you
your your evolution that went wrong
heard of horrible stories of people are
eating food and the seagulls are that
big and that aggressive now that they
just fly and snatch it out of people's
hands so I'm going to try and see if I
can test that today sun's out guns out
you've got guns I don't I don't know I
don't know about you I and then pay last
leg bro
that's all I got is people always
totally do that I'm never there a boat
in Wales and I was like in London no oh
we could rent we could rent these key 20
quid take you up your amp shout out to
the first Jaguar I've seen of the day
beautiful F pace and then we go inside
and we'll get in okay yeah this is a
true true sellout arriver
we got leave dad Margulis whoa I'm tell
you what I'm so glad I managed to make
it back in time to the UK I really did
not think I was going to get back and I
was like stretching my pizza so I made
it here's to a nice nice day oh there is
a cloud in the sky look not nothing the
water apart from that one cloud 100
cheeky bugger got all is that beautiful
seen you possibly see and there's zoom
in look at that windmill farm I'd
bonkers a great arm by the way how to
tell you're in England 101 nearly every
single person here is sunburned white as
hell over whoa God have your thing got
the man boobs out I love it oh no does
not that's not real
Oh what I think is me must've sixth and
something oh it's been like a small
chance to fly over oh my lord
what's it called big no foods around oh
that is beautiful is I subhanAllah I
think I asked you did educate men fine
you try stroke it out big deal huh
Benito oh my god so we don't know how
much do you like the most - baby oh it's
gorgeous
oh if you use the back of your now no
nice a nice you've got more sensors in
the back yeah right anumita look it up
can all feel like it looking too like
mum with you it's so adorable
Wow besides about what max found a tiny
one it is with my Nutella that
thankthank a month 15 months maybe if
you crack him under his chin he goes to
sleep
Wow how big a topic not me that's it
it's raining Oh all birds phrase all
Birds on home within six months I'll
kill that if you google geography if you
sleep forget that's where I put those
nipples away come on that's absolutely
yes
there's going to be a food review of mmm
army army traditional fish and chips oh
it's a arm Ori all right we've got
traditional fish and chips I have to
admit I've eaten one already and oh my
god out of ten pretty good okay very
good very great
all right let's give this a gravy taste
test oh by the way shout out to well I
just met in there who's like it pulled
up with my Wikipedia page to check it
with me and it would be because that
alone into the pot with empanadas zoom
oh that's good yeah what I'm I'm you
know I'm not tried to fish let me try
the fish real quick wait wait wait oh
yeah that's a nine
if you ever wondered though dr9 this is
the life we got papa
we've got mark Alex Lee you not look so
you're not on the mend sorry problem and
look at this nice chippie for the day
I'm pretty sure this is a definition of
being British right yeah all we need is
a cup of tea I've actually done a line
of burdock in my pocket so that's pretty
dumb bruh you know I'm going to choose
the camera yes nice it's a cop walking
along with a dog in there I like to sell
my friend I like to style just so pay
attention to paying your friends
everybody is truly the British be fun
right now not chucking the gum down to
the Pacific because it's so beautiful
what a great great age only can we smell
America don't hang up
oh my gosh what a great day to come out
it's only four critical on that bowl we
have to do this lots of someone or
paragliding or sailing
that's what we should be doing that is
what we should be doing today number one
thing about being British and going to
the seaside
okay oh I used to come here all the time
with my grandma grounded like my Gunder
do you see now today I used to come here
with him as a kid all the time I've only
just got back from America and drinking
and what we're doing go into the bar
what is that if dad wanted to do it
that's true new in every school what a
day for it man I just can't get over it
it's hotter here than it is in LA so
tempted I could jump off this and climb
back up I even though I'm planning
although I could technically climb a
cover or plan and be okay oh my god
thank God we spied a gallon in your pass
on them yeah yeah yeah I am passing on
the jellyfish excursion 33rd Azotus look
at the size of that fish
we like to fish wait let's set the
record straight
dad have you been stung by a jellyfish
on your ass yeah if you got scar oh come
on girl scar mark mark is trying to
determine you've got a scar on your ass
and I need to see it I'm not sure you're
my weight so it's actually a stinging
jellyfish dad that is a big-ass
jellyfish I'm gonna tell you how could
you drop that you've always wanted to
see some republics and it's an ion and
this guy just rolls past let's see that
look down to the cabbage Allah get fun
and I'm the gate that is what I'm
talking about yeah respect man thank you
so much oh the satisfaction I finally
got my video edited uploaded like three
hours early I know it was a small video
bought when I was stood down there
trying to upload it and stood over there
on one try not world it was said I was
going to take like two three hours to do
but I stood in one spot with 4G and I
managed to load it in like five minutes
so oh I think it's cost it actually
operation and I can chill out on a
family for the rest of day you found but
mean you be lucky if you get it on
camera I can see it right there
big talk on the water big a slow in
bubble why is it not pop daddy why is it
not popped who knows this is where we
just were look at this we got all these
fun fair rides and all these stuff I
mean hunky castle and then what is the
slot how do we know on the slide
what and all the way to the end and
that's why I stood like a sausage roll
stood there for like 15 minutes about in
the vlog what is it done it is laven am
1/2 beach I got feelings was upon me I'm
good I am one happy chappy
again so if yesterday's vlog being
really sure I don't like that being the
case for unfortunately it happened for
me it's just so tempting to divide
America Paris and back and still more
tongue wallow wise rescue rescue
International Rescue what happened I
don't bought off the pain
you know like it rather helic going
ah yeah a true piece of I what as adorn
it and it's open and closed nope I was
gonna say that's a quiet cute piece of
art but doesn't even bloody work j59
there's no by the way I'm still in Wales
look at this how is this Wales how if
this Wales I'm struggling and exhausting
and my feet I basically just really
can't dance waiting for me please
no but if you give me the finger I
didn't give you the middle finger okay
 yourself this terrain just screamed
your oaken ankle like I'm all for it in
normal shoes boss second flip-flops
missing you hasti there we go though I
found the family packed unlike a little
I like the elephant at the end of a
group they're all holding onto each of
us trunk and I'm like wait I got bad
knee
I'm flip-flop ji Bernie poofed one thing
dad is the toboggan running no it's not
oh the top came off flippin heck now
look at that fur of you know what now
look at that view
damn come on Alice come on come on now
come on up you may see a track there
because this is a bogging they take all
the way up and ride all the way down
yeah towards that big metal post and
then the same amount of distance on
everybody said my dad I hate messages
okay don't do that let's keep going keep
going keep from there Alex where's the
summer snow yay you have to walk yes you
have to walk all the way to the top of
that building over there and you've
walked from down in that village and
outta here I'm back down
wonder what times I was a part of doing
this no not yet
yeah I somewhat think they should be a
security fence here or something
I'll tell mom give you a thousand pounds
to link that this coming I will drop in
the hottest music video come on pose
pose work it work it work it
oh just give out oh she's coming she's
coming good Argan everybody Oh loving is
a great on tumblr that guy job he
actually just up so Lee I'm on your side
with this one and Alex is on our side as
well and these guys are racing up the
hill to the top so that was me sorry
why don't I guess nothing Chancellor I
also got the sound effect so much and I
see you know Alva he's making it for you
for this
oh they're still going Oh Haley you're
our big brother biggest the bestest
brother the old wise old esáa so yeah
you still got one single suck what way
you're up go again actually I'm trying
to dodge the cheap with no shoes on
I don't sometimes not doing that I've
got flip-flops that's why I'm not
wearing them
it does actually killed that spongy the
grass okay get your fat ass up the hell
we need you to come up the hill because
you're the only person who's got water
so please get your together let me
 promise I made it I thought yes
by Mac good job team good job good one
Oh will you just been out of blood Lucas
l have made it come on now if you don't
your chest
well oh my god being a bush is yours as
well about is that when you fell over in
the book
make a huge skull bonus that was the one
bro there we go
I probably alright my life even are
there's a well nice little Boozer at the
top of it but comes to wet area okay
this is probably the last thing I was
expecting at the top of this statues
that look amazing from alien vs.
predator and Millennium Falcon get
yourself some food up here and then over
here quality goods from around the world
Wow herb yes quality gifts from around
the world apart from record you talk are
you surviving or nothing else alright
what you think or you must be look
absolutely wrecked absence easier than
going up I sort of put on so much poo
and I got so many grass stains all of me
okay so you know the whole grass stain
incident oh yeah it looks pretty bad
yeah this is what the fact of my shirt
looks like well look like on the inside
however it still looks like crap and
it's full of sweat so I'm gonna try and
go into a tourist shop and buy myself a
Welsh t-shirt also me and how its are
like what can it maybe stay in here
tonight I'm just gonna caveats driving
home would be dope but I know I know
daily post all right this place half dog
t-shirt in it
wait sure well maybe you turn over the
piston time okay grocery store you've
got hot do you have t-shirts that's as a
resounding no handbags and travel dogs
fine leather specialist I'm not sure I
long for looks everything is closed
because it's just Sunday and it's more
time nearly 6 o'clock
struggle for yes because I'm Patrick
Starr as I'm confront your something
same all weight is on sweet ass soup
hope it's good Adams immersed as in
Ximena mazuma who's got the badge madad
Emma
beautiful beautiful looking Jaguar mmm
convertible as well but I was like it's
got to exhaust and it does it needs for
gambling it like this entire day I've
been like oh don't worry the phone but
you guys like use my phone treasure look
to my pocket no phone tragic no cable
Louie then goes oh my god I've got a
phone charger like sweetie I need to use
it
forgot my cable and I was sort of sat
down after my phone's dead and I've been
using a letís phone all day to film
with and what about my cable in my back
pocket so thank you very much mate so
now use it for the rest of the day even
though it's pretty much over but because
yes well yeah
you did come very profess all made among
camera this looks terrible all right
does it
oh right oh no or use a Masterson may
that's gonna sting but you're walking
along so much better vlog even my
phone's I can zoom why can't I do it's
only on the 7 for my money still going
hey JJ give a turtle opposed look is
sudden sunburn but please introduce us
to your brother
so here we have a rare ginger is this a
Russian shot what is Dundee what is he
mr. Lee what is Miss Ellie Ewing oh my
god just a few more feet and touch the
post to be fair is you're quite a bit
bigger make that helicopter from Coach
Cal gonna concede a finish she could be
free
yes my Oprah picture I love my family
visit Oh God
is a good Lodge we made my walk all the
way now he's like where's the wood
where's the wood he died I oka stone was
not in his pocket
and this is why I love my family
Gizelle's the life I don't want there's
actually baby judges right there see it
on a jellyfish yeah that's a pretty
boring the other Hayden patrol in the
crown it gets me ridin dirty such a nice
day whole much done so much Sun on a
skin it's not everyone's runs pretty bad
let me show you Lee's neck
stop stop stop something goody I'm
really hoping that because I walked on
my t-shirt off today I'm not all
completely but as well so potentially
I'm going to be I want one I want one
wrong in all this you thanks for loving
reminded me really I'm ready yeah yeah
 it what's almost banging oh this is
a cool ass lineup
okay that will just blow over in the
wind yes that that is a nice
top this farm for I like Game of Thrones
going through the dub fitted up on the
very thing to the government on a No Oh
every yo we're squeezing free right oh
it's hot
just dinner right can I sit for this
right Alice let me see if I can get you
free that big glob very cute yeah
y'all go leg back sir - thank God no one
still be me God you don't give up y'all
my good luck
look at best Allah take my bag off me oh
no you're not getting through
you know I'm Alice I'm not trying to
believe what you ain't I'll go on then
easy mode oak I thought you know the
rest Danka selves I was actually about
to start doing my goodbye service Matt
but we've got a go to where granddad's
ashes
my dad's dad's ashes with it was God so
that's our next destination rallies yeah
let's do it
moment of truth do I have her too good
no women creepy our will be increasing
we're waiting for Santa and the boys to
return to the car which is the BMW of
creepy baby they'll never know we're
here okay I think that's my doggy
weather wait for it oh that would gloves
oh yeah time to be creepy
mr. Bower creepy sound too creamy that's
right ah little bit yeah Eddie flowers
did you crawl through the like who's
around about Ian
five minutes I don't know I'm on back so
better morning I think we've made it to
Mary ashes escape so I divided rose in
the ocean this area to its why it was
actually very good point Lee what a
place to scatter his ashes can just
always look into the distance apart from
the kind of room did you come on man hey
hope you had a nice day dad drop the bat
I could be honestly could have been well
pissed off for someone in town see you
later man drive safe now you and me need
to find a toilet ASAP I'll find out in
editing unfortunately Alice that's
exactly who we don't want to see on the
way home he's got like he's got
McDonald's I'm assuming something a bit
of a break so we should be able to get
away from him now that is a very nice
Jaguar look at that silver f'hace
blacked out wheels
oh I am a fun brand-new 17 plate as well
a la police is chasing someone
okay by now we're stuck in traffic brah
okay so that was a nice hour and 45
minute journey I'll tell you what I'm
gonna wrap up this day right now because
I'm absolutely well swell you're so hot
oh yeah if you're too sweaty back on
peel off it
are you burn oh I can't tell whether or
not your bird oh oh yeah okay
oh you really need some aloe there or
not just to show you something real
quick this so hot in England it is right
now these chocolates were left on the
side and this is what they said look
though instead just like they're like
that that's how they were Alice went to
get a chocolate my house is that hot it
smells like the chocolate is melted in
size foods or than chocolates may not
have survived I'm at no I'm gonna grab
myself even though it's bedtime
I'm gonna get my cow chopped what I'm
punishing all right because
it's bedtime
I'm having and it's been a hot day I'm
having a round around trees free pasta I
promise your I promised some stick
to my product I use in crashing joking I
say I give you a lollipop that's not it
11 o'clock at night I've got my lollipop
and I am getting my ass about I'm little
is gonna read that because I'm so
dehydrated yeah I could have a glass of
water but it's just not taken as a lark
opposite so I'm going to bed which sucks
your faces and in tomorrow's vlog we may
be doing some ghost investigation in my
house because no joke reasons to bleed
it's haunted
I will explain more in tomorrow's blog
so make sure leave like rate subscribe
and as always there's always daddy off
dude
good job dudes and dudettes
what the is that how are you my
sister you do what couple like rating
for moralist having girl
