Manchester a tree and this is where a
new day begins waiting for gate a to
destination home man
cannot believe our absolutely or
permanent problem all right Amy and
Aaron at the scene that document to
attend is oh I almost messed up on the
slide forgot that I took Ron's watch off
and I went through security so I had to
quickly take it back out the back so on
the watchman to collect more Emma's or
no absolutely the waiting and waiting
and waiting wait for it
welcome yeah there we have it and home
back in Manchester and the weather is
beautiful absolutely beautiful it was
only like a store minute flight to get
me from London to Manchester and now
heading home
I think Tom McCallum might be having a
barbecue but find out if I'm going to
pass out I'll get this stuff in here we
go terminal 3
we meet again Oh like I edition out of
Manchester very nice
I want to say home to me home but oh my
God look at the gold on the top of my
shelter where I'm not used in five days
death now it is even nasty when I turn
it on I don't still come through part on
that one that one's a melon collisions
you see now my day is kind of messed up
because when I landed I landed at like
4:30 and edit in my day together enter
there and then and uploaded it but
that's like half a day gone already so
today is gonna be a bit all over the
place but we may be going say hello to
Tom Burke Alex I think it's all about Q
is how so we'll see III is not
officially finished until I do one thing
one night later
three dead responds III 2017 is done oh
my god do I feel so much better now that
I've got a shower I've changed I've
spiked at my hair it's still way too
long but I'm gonna meet up with Tom
McCallum so let's go and get them come
back after a night of partying and I'm
having a baby boys I stabbed on it kid
you're changing me you were
thank you pretty much you had to walk
you did because I didn't want to drink
tonight you would grab your friend's kid
really
you are always yeah we had the oh geez
right here in the original grant we
worked out we known each other since we
were three four and then you and me as I
was 12 so my birthday rolls around that
be 12 years oh my god it feels so good
to not be just suck I'm a damn plane
with the a/c banging it year or anything
I just feel comfortable to be in bed and
I've done nothing all day and you guys
could complain and all that sort of
stuff for the life of Tom sometimes ends
up being nothing but tomorrow I'm going
on a fun adventure so if you're excited
to that I'm going to be going on a
Father's Day adventure okay so here's
the scenario that's happening right now
yesterday I traveled and when I landed I
wondered at five o'clock and it will do
the vlog for six and then when I started
the next day from 6 o'clock till like
midnight
you saw that all I did three minutes
worth 40 for the day because that's all
I did
I slept like a showered slept went out
for some drinks with friends and that
was I went to bed so now I have the
problem of the vlog being three minutes
long what people need to understand like
this is what happens
watching their life so people can get
mad people like obsessive okay so what
we're going to do is we're going to post
some bonus footage in from today
tomorrow's vlog into today's vlog get
sappy in the past I have actually
uploaded a two minute vlog oh and I lost
I lost 2,000 subscribers that day and I
felt terrible it's like it just it just
happens
so I'm asking for seconds accounts time
for us as much of the vlog as possible
yeah let's play pranks - pranks hello
it's Father's Day so you have to do
Father's Day vlog and there you go
this is though this I uploaded today
okay okay here we are one of my favorite
locations in Wales and London oh yeah
unfortunately while bumped into this is
a reprobate
I mean it all of America on time yeah
yeah we have we yeah
we are plea check this out Lee what you
think about London or make love it
beautiful later father thanks for
bringing the son where you meet all this
is Alice Alice sister Alice how are you
hi
here Alice you then we've got mark hello
mark number two are you mark I'm fine
mate loving it thanks for bringing me
down here today showing the weather
you're driving was I'll say good song oh
and this is John by the way come on I'm
a guy who totally won just three minutes
at the for you today just managed to
make it what here we go look I've been
to the beach here we are
landed no brilliant well thank you for
bringing me down here today only now
he's a beer bonus clip from tomorrow's
vlog
not too sure what the Owls doing but we
found out oh thank you
as much as I'd like to keep filming
throughout the day and showing you what
I'm up to
I have to stop and save it all for
tomorrow okay so there's no more owls
normal beaches no nothing like that to
show you guys so I'm stopping the vlog
right here but hope you guys have an
amazing Father's Day if you're with your
dad if you're not with your dad
you know unfortunately if I was passed
away or anything like that just remember
that the dad your dad
you only get one throughout life and
catch it now so enjoy the day make the
most of it and I will catch you guys
tomorrow for the next Taylor blog so
make sure leave a like crane
subscribe and really appreciate every
single person watching this who
understands that some days in the life
of Tom this kind of stuff just happens
sorry once again tomorrow we'll buy back
to another regular vlog hiya
