no no no no no no no no oh no no no no
no no no I do not need any more
helicopters in my life I don't even care
about helicopter talk it's now nine
o'clock in the morning and I am very
tired we cracked
that's a good way to start the day but
it's now nine o'clock in the morning I
don't know why I'm whispering everyone
else is probably waiting start today but
it's not a call coming on I've got a
triangle waterboarded so I'm going
downstairs the business lounge and
hoping in it's faster today this cannot
be real watches found the download is
nothing special like whatsoever nine yet
that that's fine c'mon t little two
little things keep going however upload
holy shit are you joking me everyday
I've been using the wireless to try and
upload because there's no ethnic or no
as a net pour in the goddamn roof so
I've come to the business that are
clogged in my laptop and my vlog which
is 30 minutes long if you uploaded in
three minutes not three hours
I can't believe this 35 of them all in
the vlog I've got mine I'm ready to
start this day I'm really kind so
mentally just come up to bed for Nora I
did not get much sleep this is a pretty
incredible place to have breakfast every
single day it's in the same spot in the
Sun not-so-smart been in a black shirt
what
and for choice of food today I think I'm
I go put milk punch
it's a pretty good-looking collection of
food and I'm going to go for just one
plain class honors mmm this is one see
people one day I'm gonna make it work
took me three between seven to the face
planet okay 2017 oh boy here we go here
we go into the sea emerged I am just the
salmon trying to swim upstream
okay or poorly covered so many goddamn
people oh you guys are right there good
good good positioning for Activision
that because you holy crap
right in your face love to go inside and
play we'll go to the first damn time I'm
excited I'm a bit anxious and nervous
well everyone has played it so fast that
I think read at all is what I'm talking
about 27 and 3 on my first ever game
game feels amazingly good amazingly good
very happy I even managed to get the
highest kill streak in the game and
pretty fun to use that game it was
absolutely off played really well like
that I got the highest streak in the
game which I stoked about and I was
playing against like noob reporters so
it was just a whitewash I absolutely did
try them before that one of the
multiplayer developers was in there
watching me play and he was just like
just try them when I was like yep if I
was playing against mine ali-a and all
them if you really really trying hard
I'm like come back now I have to say
this right now I'm just talk about the
Lego boom and this is Lego wolf which is
basically like their version of
Minecraft life now you can create things
you can explore in a lot but I think is
how did Lego not basically create
Minecraft themselves sooner like they
missed out on such an opportunity all
these crap that is a big risk we love
using woody how it's like one of my
favorite things when I go to gaming
conventions you know like Sony you know
versus Microsoft twitch
there's YouTube gaming it's always like
you can do it bigger who can do it back
which all try to so badly the size of
the are dooming vr fallout 4
I think Skyrim so much fun so much fun
he returns even on intensity of travel
with Skyrim I hope it works out good and
it's under being like a junkie be proud
even though I'm real sports called you
you know I think my favorite game that
I'm excited that has been announced
recently far cry by PC it yeah I
probably have more hours played on black
right than I do on any other game
I want that game so bad she's handing
out all this work
oh the phone wallet III is usually only
open to just industry but the opening up
to the public to be able to buy the
tickets now and it's so damn busy so now
it's like rather than like new games
feeling out so new that like stores like
will create are coming here in my Oakley
shop and a viewer just came up to me was
like yo syndicate where's your booze and
I'm like yeah this is an industry event
I ain't doing that for if ever in my
lifetime I ever had my own food my own
booze 83 that would be incredible like
either cynic original boo or a three
black dot boob goal and want to see this
much we are probably all I need to do is
find out where ocular there's a planet
where our sources recep if I was going
to make my own peripheral company like
keyboards and mice and stuff I don't
think I'd go is this woody yeah that's
just not something I'd go for I cry
every time I just went to Bethesda to
try and get on the VR and it's
completely booked all day like all day
today and all day tomorrow
really wise play Skyrim and beyond I'm
pretty sure I'm wrong in saying this
book I think CaptainSparklez had one of
them again could be wrong but wow this
must be worth so much money but most the
time it is this like Viktor Staudt of
now is just a shell I'm no engineer
whatsoever I do not remember that our
own 720 this is definitely our and
definitely some Kentuckians are
forbidden what could a company called
krosmaster possibly make what gave me
that something's going wrong with these
companies and naming your name hey yo
what you do with keyboard the Lord what
should we do with headset the
roastmaster okay whoa this is a trippy
story all right engine whooshing enter
right this is drew when I first started
YouTube first I'd YouTube back in the
day the main thing a main sponsor
everyone ever had was a controller
company and this guy was the first
person to ever send me a controller mods
armory yeah if you go to my 10,000
subscribers our video it's the yellow
like camouflage controller do very nice
to meet you in first Emporium yes this
one's talking about bumping into some
fellow Brit and it's good okay this is
you should definitely play rugby that's
on tape these guys you can throw real
quick you're here on a college course
yeah and it's your game yeah give it
paper oh damn it they should have paid
for it fun this is them go check out the
game and see how it goes
okay
I don't know why I went round acoustic
cover story for the swearing there but
good game by the way really I like it
absolutely brilliant
I love all the games like all the
brand-new games they've got here and
everything I stop and play an indie game
from some guys made on a college course
and they've only been making it for like
a year or year and a half or something
and million college at college level I
couldn't even make a pork go off by
pressing W so mad respect to those guys
are really really really supportive as
people doing like programming courses
and getting into development so good job
but I was going to try and get through
until you realize the line starts here
and goes all the way down through that
red Troy another compartment but which
nipples hoping to be like they might
explode rendered but it's owned by yes
so they got a lot of money today I'll
find it good luck mister this is why
quick to the office what could be the
business Nixon and the moats wall kappa
oh my gosh this is so often
this is so good this is darude sandstorm
buddy that one's old so many comments
which one double-dog could be like
possible I think oh okay oh you guys are
always glad say I'm not messing around
me
wow this place is amazing
they're totally needs to be a Mario
theme park question mr. Mario theme
heart like in Japan Estrada I could
imaginary still not found raise it I've
like so many people and knowing that no
one knows where they are
so this is me I guess someone knows my
name part of this guy professionally
audience is not stabilizer honest look
it is zero captain
that guy is what I look like when I'm
walking around that's what I look like
right now he's looking saying this
brings me so much joy
look at that look at that slot Bynum
Academy's got damn booth put it
definitely looks wrong that's odd this
is like an Easter egg hunt there's more
razor stuff but but it's not ready
destiny running on PC in 4k 4k 60fps and
when it comes out with the loot uncapped
looks beautiful absolutely beautiful
I can't believe this I'm first of all
you're stood here with a bad knee in
your goddamn crotch crotch coach there
show them those of you he just the water
he might rivals I was just given this we
were having a conversation and then we
just stand there with a pigeon spinner I
was like no the three-year-old but
fucking drop it I was a lowly still
doing it I'm here at e3 see attire lay
down and you're going to universal
not even there you get one touch it yeah
oh my gosh that's sick cut away to you I
didn't get one this is what I was hoping
all three to get from Nvidia for the
ring low and I don't get one but look
out for this is I thank you floating
hand wait I'm not even afraid you don't
laugh give it away but this what actual
graphic started that the 10 a.m. with
like a little miniature version of it
and it's so cool 64 gigabytes super
faster power over five hours later
Alisa gave it back
okay so answered we asked off NVIDIA has
VR I was going to do Star Trek for the
10 second drop something else I wanted
and they said shooting game so I'm gonna
do shooting game and Adam I think you're
gonna be my cameraman though if the next
footage is terrible blame me at it as a
little is so real play with the gun and
fire Walter to feel like I'm taking over
someone else's body
and I'll be allow the reason is red with
their OPA but then quality no oh yeah
for for a don't you go
oh I think most Wow everyone you're
left-handed this is so sick oh that's
right I've got picture - oh I picked it
if you like and then you're going to
hold a little throw in your the halter
is actually on your bra none other than
oh you better walk don't fuckin excuse
kill I did that is so surreal to hold
hold on that's sorry wow that is amazing
holy shit I feel this is real VR is the
future we got it going Wow I don't think
you do in this way or you're doing oh oh
oh it is awesome that we caught him
looking for again that's the total game
camera but I like this red can't more
Adam no not who was right even the 1400
yapping I thought money
Wow you will be the us at MySpace okay
Oh
here at home to somewhere favorite had a
five-minute pretty close
execute cocksucker was a goat not
entertaining - Wow tell me what do you
think told me Tommy to me that was
absolutely incredible
that is the best VR shooter game up
plays hands down it looks so so real so
real we're not gonna be popped out I do
kind of payment up a little bit I
appreciate that thank you so much
absolutely tell you what I do love be
out but I do feel a bit like it always
happens up to a try VR game I did it
when I did the horror game one like but
hours and hours after that I just felt
like throwing up or I'm sure they'll get
to a point where they fix because
otherwise you can't play a lot of wrong
film yourself mobster a newbie are
fucking you to the drink this is like a
YouTube streamers dream but look how big
in it as a big valve job you leave them
alone for in segregation right in the
middle of it
on the front of our funders how to spy
YouTube they carry me
what is this on the racism hi old friend
this is happening right now guys I'm
doing it I want you to leave your
Twitter name down in the comments of
this vlog josh is there any chance she
could help ya think your finger in it
did your finger leave your Twitter link
down below all right you have to be
following me on to a pro syndicate so
it's down below and at razor and if we
go down in description and check your
Twitter and you're following us you're
going to win one of these how cool that
mechanical key works which right we call
it and if you want to win it I'll make
your name actually a lot of times but
you must be following this buff right
Josh there's a Razer logo biggest and
this is a prototype should he give me
what do you think yeah you know the way
baby spin the way I've been I'm really
getting fidgety right really getting
fidgeting just cuz I think it's so
pointless but I just realized and just
for show me you'll have to do it with
your right hand
look giving that I do that all the time
with my phone all the time I just catch
myself I'm walking winner yeah I'm
walking down the street unit but
basically that's just bitching spinning
you guys are patient zero for widgets
winners where the problem we have a
problem where the haters but we do it
I'm a spinner bro I look to looking your
eyes about to burst against the
FarmVille ooh we've come to Korean
barbecue and this place we've got an
hour and a half way in people's outside
here whoa
color display so busy what it was a
small wait book oh my gosh with it we're
at this mark at all this food thank you
so much like cooking it version
everything hooked up with the bed the
shot huh but the famous team got the
pine cream cracker : open man here is
nobody feeling so good like incredibly
good good we this food just keeps on
with what is not
Gogi what is it lavake I crazy marinated
beef they got here my favorite thing
village yes
not much that bite now what what's up
what's up brisket that's my favorite
thing Rick and I we put this out here
this is this is good really fucking good
I just kind of nasty but that is a lot
of partners come enough to me without
flipping it there's no high any as we
speak I'm currently rushing from the
meal to my hotel - then get changed and
then go to 3bd me over the rest of the
team supposed to be that ages ago but I
needed needed food once I've done that
then go to switch by select 2d I got
changed animated holy crap talk about
running late
that's work sensitive coming that was
amazing absolutely amazing so in the
next command a to give you some really
exciting news about through VD the
company in LA I'm stoked to say what it
is I don't think I can say anything just
yet but let's just say the company is
growing
punjah to my new friends from obedia and
day out is that one out this is your
foyer 3vg gets you to me my partner does
mind is this heart no he's serious
he doesn't seananners yeah oh these need
to stay here me Adam Evan Wow whoo thank
you whoo - fuck you bitch guy who the
fuck is that guy
what else I thought I tried and look
smart tonight and then repeat to use
them to do fucking room yeah cuz I just
couldn't fucking pull it off like him
short hair thank you and let me know in
the comments would look better I love
this guy he did you 16 sizes gang size
lobster sauce all our have you been
drinking
yeah I don't say this I'll go Alan said
I go record happy drinking
damn Jimmy if it is lobster I fucking
love this guy last IP of a live dog no
I'm sure you walk I need to the CEO of
Reebok come here right now
serious I mean it how did this guy have
a job there's a I fired this guy so many
funny one and every time you say when
we're eating food nice of it that's very
second come help me welcome with wait
does your word handle issues like that a
lot oh well I'm not here but just
because you're a friend and rehires
I'm your friend your race it literally
racist you did you just say if you just
go I'm not racist Bosh mother P not
Chris I will end you but I think is I
can't because everyone in the blog
fucking loves you to pieces not probably
not a good idea
a successful introduce you to the blog
by the way so this why do I come every
day of my life
this is Angelo's dad under eyes lit up
in a moment with your friends but this
is Angelo's dad and what sure what is
your average bowling game it depends on
who I'm boring against but you want to
clarify for the most part and what's
your high-score overbold 282 my high
school is 154 and my wife games a
hydrant I'm going to spend about 4 weeks
with you and you're going to bowl over
200 guarantee you mean it with a new
ball I guaranteed it I would actually
just stay in LA before week Dexter just
to do that thank you
you're gone mom oh by the way just say a
go fuck yourself calvo's my sister's
fiance he thinks he's gonna follow so go
fuck yourself
now god bless donate a cow get a new
ball with him oh no I don't want him to
win I don't want him to be improving all
Colonel from private you uh I like the
sound
eleven people one car this is Luke's
crutch but I'm borrowing it until a
medium he left it behind probably on
purpose no chances oh look at the size
of this pie oh my god this is stupid
holy fuck
Wow there's no way
what the fuck are you doing here dude
stop my oh shut your mouth shut your
mouth you I can't even believe that
towel look down wash my hands and look
up that's what I see it was like a trip
tinder busy it really literally
literally hey by the way you broke my
fucking knee you're closer Nina oh oh
outside his rib now it's his knee I
don't know about that
nice bag what cuz I i letting me be I've
had laser eye surgery and I can't be
shit no joke I can actually see me don't
fuck you well know is it look good quick
really nice both losses or not no don't
just say for the camera can add two ball
who's happening again
yes hashtag Cindy sparkles on the crowd
goes well this is White's which throws
the gray spot in together great people
you know what I know the one of the
great great feeling like we're not get
shafted in your stocking off you're on
top now baby truth so you are here
genuine guy on don't fuck me
no you're are the best not so my son and
I will thank you and you're going it go
on done understand get your ass upstairs
and get you ass fucking lost woods at
night right leave the last word to
conclude III 2015 no twitch is on a next
level and I feel like they've really
captured the embodiment of what we need
a creator and it is about life log dog
I'm lugging up dirt of it their iPhone
bothers me keep down I might be coming
mid blog yeah I'm trying I'm trying to
con ass ass bitch nice fire ground man
well midnight I love you
Facebook split up hey Bobbi Tommy no
joke I fucking love you
we're at crossroads some like I'll take
the life but the same time for the same
time you're a home use but boy I know I
understand why wait I need to get rid of
the camera because I've not seen this
guy in like a yeah really
we're leaving I'm sorry you have to go I
have to go I'm another day another
dollar
thank you very much that syndicate games
out there fucking fine
I love yo-yo no joke there's not been
adolescent wishing swish this with you
later
I don't know no but these I was gonna
take a fish swish swish it's like
bearish swish swish each day you just
work exactly you're fucking joking I
sorry
sobbing I thought it I thought it oh hey
did you still wanna know what this vlog
is like three I was like I'm not happy
about it I set my alarm for 10 o'clock
yeah the time it's supposed to be
uploaded not 9 o'clock the columns folks
without uploading it from so apologies
this won't be like but it is what it is
now I am actually really sorry so if you
did enjoy make sure you leave a like
rate and subscribe and I'll see you guys
tomorrow for the next day at 6 p.m.
thinking up and out this damn day and
I'm still not hungover
that only means one thing I'm still
bloody drunk on a hot off
