on 7 July same oh it's a nude on another
I was pretty good putting yourself ship
blind lazily new so they can see money
get but they're not actually naked God
boxer shorts on yes it's a new day and
all my goodness me they may actually be
performing the secret secret thing today
almond Ord there is a dieter hop up out
of bed put my swag on just took it out
the packet ooh we got t-shirts Oh wonder
why I'm in such a singing mood today but
I'm stoked race out dick I'm gonna put
my watch on I'm gonna show you guys it's
amazing photo from last night it was
absolutely literally lit lit look at
that a bug and stuff and I'm pretty damn
excited about today confer via messy
hair look today you might be like Tom it
looks fucking messy everyday get a
haircut but if they go F yourself but
Lam going I'm going to need this it's
bad but probably most underwhelming
breakfast I've ever heard in my life
wonderful one cross out cotton window
jamb a small glass of water and laughing
what I just seen Noah what are you doing
are you yes
and sat down in there and I see two guys
walk past a laptop so my buggy they
doing
are you both rendering our videos we're
rendering when I want you eternal to a
picket um uploaded okay well I don't
know what that is but that's a very nice
laptop I'm going doing that thing today
the secret thing hopefully it goes well
what a bunch of randoms this is so cool
there's a YouTube like gaming yearbook
and this is going to have pretty much
everyone in it right everyone's in town
to e3 I have to go next to my homie
where is he nature Ali a house a car
dream team so I'm going over here signed
it in life of Tom as well and I wish I
could write Dream Team but I'm nowhere
near as good as those guys so hey guys
alright that's right decide like I come
to LA finish gaming convention and now
I'ma be stuck in traffic for an hour and
10 minutes
am i are great it should be worth it you
want much we definitely rolled in style
I was a comfy ass link in the entire
robot I've made it to here I'm still not
going to give away what's actually going
on so I'm pretty stoked but don't know
where I'm going
I'm speaking to show well this is a
proper aviation cafe look at all this
old-school gear oh heck yeah all of the
errands and seniors s.o.s chipped beef
on toast to our Jags
as I West I'm sorry she on a shingle
both servicemen and civilians were
limited in the amount of me to govern
word supply this was an inexpensive
protein source mostly was Russian so it
could be supplied to our obviously is
proof shit on a shingle
it's tasty try one you'll love it
I might try it ah I've so messed up I am
not hungry
in the slightest bought that killing lot
of food which Americans just put the
weirdest stuff on breakfast fight before
spicy Tabasco engraving that's really
damn good to the honest I honestly
wondered if I would ever see one of
these in my life I'm so happy I have
official weather device cast shadow
sunny Rock wet rain and rock white snow
if it's to Whomper snow shoo bird away
rock looks fuzzy fog Rock swing windy
rock gone very windy Rock jumps up and
down earthquake you seen a rock you know
fly it's great okay so this is what I'm
doing at the airport
Activision were like yo Tommy you doing
much intervention to where I'm like not
really and they're like do you fancy
going flying in a World War 2 plane that
dropped paratroopers over Normandy they
drop British troops over Normandy from
this plane and they're going to fly it
from here
I think over the Convention Center and I
was like hell yes it's like the one day
I decide not to add shorts and
flip-flops jeans and shoes me peek
inside oh wow that's like a proper
airliner what I have no idea realize I
figured it we can do a ripped out empty
on the inside oh I guess it gets used to
things
maybe not nowadays but this was one of
the rare planes that survived World War
two like so many got shot down you were
saying and this one made it like
completely unharmed
managed to drop off all the troops get
out and then when the war was over
I'm guessing they used it as like a
commercial plane look at this pretty
sulfur on it
damn so and this is the cockpit whew not
too sure that is gonna say is that
shovel or something like that no idea
but this is old-school is all hell oh I
love this this thing may be old but my
the boss I'm really oh my god I hope he
doesn't do any more apparently we were
supposed to go on that plane over there
because that won't belong to the airport
but it wasn't available and that
transported the Queen of England in
World War two around the country and
stuff our which is mud so instead we're
in this bad boy and this one was a true
like I want to say survivor of the war
pretty much that's a good statement we
were going to do even do that green one
down there which looked bit more like a
war plane because this one was turned in
commercial use and what he does with it
is around Christmastime he charted out I
think is the right wrong maybe wrong
woodchuck chattering the boat boat chart
is you out to like families and stuff
like that so him this friend pilot and
they fly around La showing up Christmas
lights right what I don't know how much
you charge for it but if I surrounded
layers a Christmas light tour as you
will look at the scale of that by
Thunderbirds flying service I don't even
read that on the side of it these guys
have an ETA we've got a fly from here
over the convention center by four
o'clock because I don't know whether
like there's a camera crew filming it
flying over someone that they're going
to use for a bit of light footage for
like Activision of some like that again
I'm not being paid to do this this was
just Activision last minute being like
Tom you want to do somewhat cool and I
was like I just want tax our Ridge
you've got the world war two game coming
out yeah I want to do this I don't want
to walk around a convention for sway
people I'm getting a plane and fly fly
like an eagle or a Thunderbird he just
showed you everything Tom Joe and I have
some fun and I'm like nine
hello we're applying drops on the plane
right now we've got some questions let's
listen to the cameraman and we got the
mechanic you see how many hours of you
got flying a plane 18,000 miles will you
fight for United still Wow have to
retire you want to retire
what from fighting really do you want to
retire but I'm cooking up a sweat in
this thing it's like a ten come in as
I've been in love it
does it get even hot okay you want a
little caps checked checked before
starting checklist is complete okay
go let's go to this start starting
engines propeller area gets a little
tight down by that fence so I'll be you
know right wheel off in the grass a
little bit over there yes we get done
turn your wheel okay but ready
three
impressive
I don't see one of the endings is
working when you break the line keep
taking and going so they're trying to
bring different things like health and
this one watching it from a distance so
hopefully me turning the wheels and have
something summative I mean the wheels
the blade helps arrive I think I there
we Joey thank you very much
he might forget engine died it is the
spinning you get off the plane and we
need to go now for an approach with the
Pope's to be over the Convention Center
like horrible and I know it's like 22
and so over there he live all the way
back where we were all the way bust was
a great fight over it but would be you
know with other like World War 2 era way
though way into like find them in
disguises so cocky like fifty you can't
see them so waving a closer and closer
closer applies squadron
apparently over that
we
those premiums
oh my god
okay dick
don't make it you're waving
Oh
oh my topper so big don't dig I am quite
new that we're gonna walk into the
helicopter of their hell attendance at
the predella cops for what
wow this is amazing and absolutely
amazing and sloppy bracket testicle
mr. fucking pig that guy is so close
it's not waterline of what up well final
the back windows oh yes look at that
look at that
and here just look real it was like he's
just slowly
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha that guy is so good
oh oh I just can't stop Darren a it
looks like he just fuckin like turning
off okay Oh another one
the container waving back hahahaha that
is amazing
look at them lock the hanklab businesses
don't always find overnight we are we're
fine over it we fight over the tables
Emma
yo this is Nick haha duskie be right
there study 3 no way no way
more
Activision thank you so much for this
this is a live mouse it's rust of
adventure amazing amount
I was the sole girl in the place of in
the room open my bar must be so so
incredible
she's on TV sniffing on the foreplay
made it and it's the zeriba
of advocate
you know back window I'm trying
unconcerned around to see if I can you
can't listen to it
it's like me if the Dodgers Stadium
Wow
why I have this mr. perfect let's let
the white tank
absolutely worth the wait oh it was the
wind just brought in so called
now goes towards
you go right under the thing oh my
godness got no balls of deals look at
this bullshit oh my lord
is try remember to be perfect this is
mad
oh wow Wow
mama don't you the wheels
I can't wait to show my birthday my drum
dozen - all exclaiming - why because my
granddad used to make parts for clean so
we're going to watch it run dirt if
you're watching this log
hello I'll show you more photos when I
get home
Wow
in my house
so go sideways and Boyd and nicely done
nicely done but that was absolutely
incredible
thank you for having me on board
I got it straight
what
what hell is nothing right now Oh
dozen basis
no one experience well an absolutely
great Gary thank you very much sir
what's not leaking you're so close to
one one happy with it yeah
what is McDonald's classic I've never
seen um before number one place I want
to be right now he's laying on this bed
turn out none I am exhausted I am so so
tired but I'm so so happy I just got
stuck in traffic for an hour on the way
back it sounds quite far away but unless
you get all my vlog so far for this day
edited together so that when I get back
at night from later on I don't step
editing I'll wake up early in the
morning to edit I can literally just
like boom it's done so that will help
out
I liked it's a new day and instead of
wearing a shirt I've gone for a nice
black slash blue jumper and thank God I
just log because that looks like
dandruff but it's actually it's just
help spike your hair up like a beat
you can never get this try it this is
what it looked like when I was flying
over the convention paper that is so
thick and there's me like would be my
dick in that thing I clean while I look
amazing this it's song used to work Xbox
networks a quizzing really good
long-term friend I have to thank him and
obviously Alan from yesterday organizing
the slide today it will
aiming for thank you good for you do it
I really really appreciate it what
hopefully as well I'll still get time to
play the new zombies not only maybe yeah
do I get another phone who's Oscar now
you know today tomorrow now Jack a
genuine might be the fresh issued as in
mind violet there's so much they'd run
you yeah yeah ding oh hey we in good out
here in Los Angeles it's so good yeah so
good premium lookit oh you know Liam you
don't did you ask put 10 chicken nugget
yeah but 22 nuggets is cheaper no it's
very price but still oh yes so is the
same right what the book unbelievable
and people wonder why health issues or a
thing I just spent six dollars and 71
cents all right on six chicken nuggets
and medium fries but you can buy 20
chicken nuggets or how much five four
four five seventeen and how much are
medium fries
something's backwards in this country
McDonald's in America lets you actually
order 50 chicken nuggets for ten dollars
eight pounds okay what have you ever
heard of that shit absolutely crazy I
was just talking to that guy about like
diabetes in America and he was on type 1
I was like ah dude you know I know Lex
who's a type 1 diabetic nala and just
like how difficult it can be an art
short stuff you know I really going over
bow down and all that sort so it was
like yeah I have to check my blood sugar
every David is know my java Dexcom and
he's like what's up Dex I'm like if you
don't know what Dex come is just Google
Dexcom it's one of the most amazing
things I've seen to Thailand eye bags I
really really really advise it it let's
reach your blood sugar level and then
send the information to your phone so
you don't have to keep up testing all
day sometimes it can be a little bit
inaccurate but trust me it's incredible
50 chicken agrees and these serious
and your 30 picture is all I don't know
what's more impressive you're hit your
genetics I'm not going on deal I'm such
a chicken hugger YouTube being
impressive the other night here but it's
like a three-story gym it's a
three-story bar a ground for here and
then the rooftop but the rooftop sports
we can go there it's a cute time I can't
see anything
you know what I found you not right this
has to happen I need to see this guy
with straight hair I asked him what do
you ever shave your fittings that no
it's basically like an absolute no you
take up all your hair right before Jerry
Christian event scam oh crap I should
say that could be return is coming up
returning if we raised $100,000 young to
shave your hair 150 not shaved my head
I'll go wrong little ball from a hundred
fifty thousand smiles if you had 150
Argo ball this is for the record
yeah we're on record right eyebrow like
two objects 155 and eyebrows bubblegum
curly hair bubble top
ah oh you're like a fucking drink every
time the preview looks pretty good I
shall
oh yeah eg by there's absolve it a
farmer stream and a professional
photographer I need to get it now and
hey you folks I know I'm I'm a small
dude but when you go to a party and this
there's people this fucking big like
look where my shoulder is the game sees
bait look way shoulder is wizard Kelly
I look do you go at the same time I kind
of hate
I
are you drunk baby I know he's drunk
Madra I love is anybody the vehicle how
the soma has another little I mean but
look we're so first of all how dare you
at that question exactly now how dare
you accusing me of having anything less
than seven asshole
ma'am wait does anyone back to have
anything let's just hold on so many
assholes back here at Miami oh boy your
phone
wait you serious yeah we actually cannot
fuck man we cannot put on any music
until we get and anything less than an
iPhone 7 is this even at where's the
entrance to this hi this is the Marines
house of average of our lives
holy crap are you serious this is the
3bd house bye what are you even serious
this house is fucking mum don't be going
our house
you don't look me who are you know tall
you don't touch for you you don't taste
made it right ah let's meet you were in
Dubai no he came here all the fucking
time you don't love me you don't hold
thanks the love your judgment you used
to be the friend you won't be able to
see anything at this house for holy shit
is a fire pit there is a fire pit here
the five of their house romantic meal
can just walk Spartacus fucking boss
yeah you probably can't see shit because
you're blowing the weather you know
invisible but this is the craziest like
why are you even serious Holly this is
great lighting for vlogging that's what
it is
you happen like this is look at this
look at this lighting they're going to
laugh now I can it for us how your bed
look I don't think I've ever how to
please helicopter light part on me like
look at that
what is that I don't know they're
they're looking for me at Tom Tom I want
something film an epic meal tomorrow
morning woman talking are you talking to
that guy now oh yeah um we're playing on
that thought oh we stole the guy Veyrons
then we drove up into the hills and the
founders five star wanted chase okay I
know cars attacked here right now well
that's one place that's one place car
another police car all they did they
sent three police guards and a police
chopper holy shit wait so when I feel
like I was going on right now it's super
slow but the cops took our that copters
did you know this is so good I love this
actually might be one of the craziest
circumstances that I've ever been
involved with there is three police SUVs
I don't want to say and it turns out
that might be a police helicopter we
actually thought it might be like a news
helicopter just for recording cuz this
apparently they're a house where Justin
Bieber lived
we're going arrest it Chris
I'm not going to say to your fault look
there's madness that's why that guy
stood there I thought guys there was a
really shiny badge amateur good this
party ran out of alcohol real quick but
it did not run out of food you look at
this they've got private slats serving
food all night this is all one live
right now just meat meat and more meat
please stop chasing us so that's like a
good thing at the same time I got food
so not a bad night so what you said to
me like this is like the face house or
something like that I'm obviously not
gonna just knock on the door but like
some bridges are fairly okay I was gonna
say these ladies up there but no that no
those are not ways damn it that is the
house that is pimp that's the first ever
hotel I stayed at in LA when I was 18
years old
seriously that one right there I will
cook so hungover and they didn't serve
any food so I walked at that gas station
right there and I bought my first ever
Twinkie from that gas station right
there inside and like had an organic
reaction and it was beautiful you guys
got in the most lit
uber driver car I've ever seen go on get
out of here
I wonder if you know how they live
yeah
what the thought that is so good man
that was one hell of an a bloody hell
what a night
man that was absolutely incredible what
an amazing day from going flying in
planes to just seeing really good people
that I've not seen him for ever like
this event was so high that everyday I
just keep bumping into more and more and
more and more YouTube that note I've
just not seen him for ever so I'm glad
no one got arrested it turned out what
actually happened is a girl accused
another girl of stealing her credit card
uh shoes jewelry some like that from the
house party and she tried to leave and
then they trapped her in a room so she
couldn't leave the police could get
there and make sure they could
confiscate the stuff off or someone that
well that's what someone said said
happen so you know and I just the
complete bullshit and just like Chinese
whispers what what and I absolutely just
punkest so I need to edit this vlog
start getting it uploaded so I hope you
did enjoy if you did make sure you leave
a like rating subscribe and in
tomorrow's vlog we got the twitch pie to
go to and they're usually pretty damn
lit so we're going to see how it all
goes but today was just summary of how
amazing like how many amazing
opportunities you can get to in life
like from flying to pi into good friends
and good times so nice to show up make
the most of it and I need to get this
vlog edited start my day and make the
most of it so much subsea faces I catch
tomorrow cuz that subscribe diggin the
dong bell that gives you notifications
and I'll see you all then 6 p.m.
