somewhere in this room the internet
sucks ball good morning Los Angeles that
is a beautiful looking view the internet
here sucks oh we got to get hell out you
daddy no I used to Oakley cleaning kit
to clean my glasses and damn they
looking shiny now this is the spot to
chilling to get some Sun up some food I
don't have a good yet one cake though
get this desire x4 sandwiches Kings oh
that's a watch spinifex
into me I'm going to die so please don't
do that now it's beautiful that is
absolutely awesome so this is basic my
life right now I'm sat in the business
center uploading the vlog waiting for it
to go live but at the same time I don't
want to send that because it went my 10
mins ago and compiled they go this
behind the scenes the blogs just gone
live as we speak like literally as only
just uploaded even though it is two and
a half hours late everyone seems to be
about the hype train flying first-class
to America is very very happy with this
Kevin that is an amazing comment I swear
if I saw anyone other than Tom talking
some somewhat nah I'd look the other way
and corporate an exorcism Kevin I love
you this makes me so happy
Tom McCann right so Tom McCallum's got
six thousand Instagram following now
okay by yourself
what oh wait Thank You Sussie camera
whenever I look old upset check this out
let's turn your phone sideways what wait
a lot yeah Oh what they're talking about
a little brainy boys doing
may we have got such a good squadron
people are absolutely a little bit with
a little bit I miss you I've only been
gone a day on a mission guys like every
Guinea this is possibly the greatest
thing that's ever happened
I'm so happy Tommy's not used in this
writing zone yet so footballer on my
laptop
I mean it's you did all right
when king ensemble malleability I know
it could be the objects finally online
its processed into 1080p doing really
well I appreciate everyone who like
Norfolk notification squads when you
subscribe the little Belmont to
subscribe button and if you drive like
Lane you just absolutely be like what is
it do not feel like less than an hour
and 60,000 people aren't even I love the
fact that Allison Cal watch the vlog as
I was ringing them and so as my dad and
cows are bait this hotel room is
disgusting
oh no Nick speed but like bed ten outta
ten comfort room he was he in the wild
John darling looking around hard over
with Chucky oh here is I guarantee you
guys betta there
I don't do you betta there you walk it
are you walking
sign our motherfuckers what are you
doing you could actually because if you
just like walk with a bit more pace are
you over it or walking you actually know
where you're going you tried good luck
have fun
introducing the just 98 cent store that
is one specific Simone it makes sense
because there's a 99-cent store and free
HIV fair winner clear optimal response
I also get in tested and stuff like that
you know a lot of people have it in the
don't even know bought with a green and
Kia Optima G's look-alike and it yeah do
you get the Kia if you have HIV because
you can do hey what the heck is this guy
doing the little microphone or
explaining
umbrella Telugu don't translate that
coming to you now that is what you call
dial I lover I'm wearing shorts and
flip-flops and I just step my game up
he shows his wrist on pickle boom
pudding I can now go and watch Sony
revealed only pickup area Microsoft
Partner
so one soldier the sea of III attendees
for 2017 in absolutely real
oh my lord is this many people drinking
at the back it's all III is like the
announcement games a lot so if it was
big builder is like announcement it just
get from like three days straight as of
these though I don't know what time I
should be going to survive not even 20
to 40 M da da da da dun da da dun dun da
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun ethers 2017
5 I'm stoked for it watching not
actually getting the best bottle give up
I feel like a good way to dissipate
society but gee that looks pretty
fucking dope time to pick up the passes
and I'll run yeah so we can get actually
into the Convention Center and what's
that but I want ya
good and then I think it's week time
star drinking thought it was going to be
really difficult to find a badge got to
the entrance look to the left
grammar badge sweet and with a video I
am making it my mission to throw a bomb
as many news journalists as possible so
against this one being interviewed III
look them in background and here is
walking past photo bomb one and I'm just
going to turn and look straight into the
camera I don't know who that is what
network is there anything like that but
I'm determined to get in as many as
possible
listen to me alright while I spend $350
and a pair of shoes go to a club get
them stood on ruin no but when you what
you want go to the store her already
words you guys what you think I have a
guess I buy the fucking car you lose
money on it I think I have a warning for
the glove and look at those without
looking minute to dive in there I don't
know I don't know what it was lit right
hey listen I can't say shit right now
I'm wearing fucking socks and sandals
all right there 0 0 is given
unlike bonding with you so much right
now you know now we're gonna get you you
have a code by the way look at the
height difference I'm having to angle
all my vlogs like this just to get you
in it you've got a cola stinky that was
my first of a bike that I ever bought a
Kona stinky jr. because again high
difference yes I hit 10 million
subscribers then digital it YouTube you
to anonymous what's important till we
eat a hood up delete it 150,000 account
I have your button hanging above my
fireplace at home and look you I will
fucking rub your houses and your dog as
let's payback
you owe me a diamond plug I can do that
yeah thank you very much you're picking
me up sorry
what is that whoa what is that thing I
like you a fishy idea is that a diffuser
looks like your cars on fire this is so
relaxing very relaxing yeah
I thought well I did just try to get in
and they said I couldn't because uh I
need to go different places
VIP apparently so I tried to get into
this event and then they were like yeah
you can't go in that way and I was like
why not do like your VIP instead so I
have to go this way instead I'm not
quite good enough for TV but yeah I
works okay yeah I definitely turned up
late but check this out oh my lord this
is dope boss everyone's inside the main
meeting room yes yeah figured I'm kind
of like running late yeah this place is
dope I have no idea where I'm going what
I'm doing how it's happening but I'm
just winging it I might not even make it
into the conference but at least I made
it into this classroom meaning roughly
flops
oh god this exhausting scornful and can
you go we've made it
all right where am I going wait what
they should be looking for me because I
cannot do that
I ended up being late but at the same
time to get I made it oh but we're
falling dead body is blowing around
don't be naughty Madhu
all coming soon oh my camera oh my god I
did not know we were in a state big no
they're going for hours
right really
I knew I knew I guess that right
not
well
his report
all right
ah
Oh
holy powder foundation what so how did
you like the pie with all that it looked
great it looked really really good you
look every explosion of my telomere to
disappoint my perceptions all over the
wall no idea
ecology
yes Lee
oh yeah
are you insane because people look at
this thousand and thousands of people in
there right now really glad I made it to
the conference not too late I was
expecting to turn up Cupid late like
it's a point where I would miss
absolutely everything but so I quite a
good amount of stuff was expecting more
like more like I kind of want to say
like unique titles but didn't edit as
well incredible book stood on something
that's why you don't wear flip-flops oh
okay so I just bumped into someone in
the elevator I can't say who I can't say
what I can't say why but they just given
me potentially one of the most insane
opportunities possibly of my life so
tomorrow's vlog might be absolutely in
no I don't want to say the word
incredible because I say that word
incredible too much insane they'll go
with that so don't miss tomorrow's vlog
to say a few seconds ago I was wearing
flip-flops socks and shorts I don't
think it'll screw up too much to be
honest and I'm so happy for my black
Chelsea boots I brought my brown one or
because that's all I had but I picked up
my black one blossom in the US so yeah
looking good very fresh time to start
this night the collection begins I'm up
to three wristband so far you know
they're pretty good-looking respond gold
responds shiny blue Playstation one and
then a VIP like watch your Excuse family
announced on next part which is spin up
a standard ping-pong table
quite possibly my favorite YouTube trend
has just walked in the door
introducing the tirely fire I saw you
walking again it seems the world's about
these are crazy less than $50,000 clock
and it looks but doesn't state was all
about that wait darling
the help you come from they say oh we're
doing a cleanup job now to do anything
that I don't even watch basketball but
I'm I'm all on board no it looks like he
just didn't like 12-round with doll no
no there's still time
how are you feeling after yesterday
really great yeah are you fucking he's
not i'm and there you go
Golden State Warriors secure the W go
all the way to Dubai and I'm looking at
watching them fall in a look and I'm sat
next Alan and waffles uncle uncertain
allocate additional might when you're
rich I got never fell right Ling
gentlemen it's right right links right
way is the way to go man I respect
yourself the ultimate mum's watching my
thing here all of it man's watch is a
brightly right leg and what you do
fucker the rich oh yeah I I do it all
day yes like it's got it it's to keep it
it's charged right it's got like a
weight in it that's bins to keep it
going it's all man its own yeah in the
flick of the wrist
oh hey this is in front of log hi odious
book with the the cut community
especially with you I mean your Moab's
in shit oh he means old so every which
is I know she is fuck when did you sign
meet you I don't know many years ago got
ahold but like I can finally say this
what I am definitely told at you look no
no no I have not worried high heels
what about you actually genuinely makes
me feel happier me coming to you yes hi
hi Claire
hi Claire listen he might be your man
but he's my man sir hello Ellen right
now
hello I'm more important than clothes I
don't hear it again me and Ellie goes so
far back that we both look like
pubescent 12 year olds on so if I fart
fine okay one note on my back no means
that you know anyway like I stated quite
a lot but you're a Jew like my favorite
favorite person that I've ever never
liked let's go gaming because not like
another all the tricks up in a day all
the events back in the day we've no need
you like nearly like six six six years
bro we don't do enough together but
sometimes I'll keep speed all will do
videos will do this and we never do I
know baby
get Utah let's go to a drive I know but
we're going to do for a driving this car
and like maybe a race in it but what if
I get the Jag us type of yacht as race
you're out all right I actually don't
know wishing to be Bridger well you know
connotes it isn't it yes request seven
3.6 yeah blow on it but it hundred of 1
mile per hour turn on kill me because
you never know them permanent and then
poor guys no idea what's happening right
now
Noah don't move follow the reason why I
said don't move because if I went like
that and then you turned it last minute
that would be really weird right then
said goodbye to those guys love cinema
I'm like so happy that I bumped into
ever like genuinely so stoked but now I
think I'm looking for looking for a
small child on movies about first of all
I'm really impressed that someone's
playing a piano
well I was gonna say well but poorly
over there but more impressive oh and
Josh what I like Josh hey babe how are
you I think good kiss you right now it's
oh my god I know it's been the last time
we saw each other it was a while ago he
was a hungry like month like you where
you getting from tonight no I don't
drink anymore time I'm off to begin I
have to tell you why I'm doing tomorrow
okay that's nice to see you it's been
played
fuck you
I was joking to this guy's a rig might
be on approach someone and you're
literally on hey what's wrong if you had
your name
that's what you get the laughing Andy
part is that might be that you a legume
I was not happy I'm really comma dude
fucking Barbara
good to see but it Oh Jordan hi my name
is Ari I got it poorly decrypted public
I don't have as good of a story there is
literally not an ounce of pot of this
guy he's just like he's just he's like
chiseled like a fucking gorilla
you're like a silver buckle god thanks
your muscles you're like your heels
I'm not trying to replace ego goodbye
Jim head on up if you are you smoking
shoulder we make you wish you could
touch it good literally fun tomorrow
you're really going on here evening's
you guys suffer with epilepsy
I would massively advise you stop
watching the video now because I go into
a lot of flashing images so thanks for
watching and enjoy if you don't have a
blessing awesome hi even better
wall right off some ice to shop make no
train there one fucking bound
it's only have less wealth
so much here oh I fucking love it guys
good amount of belly not going to lie I
did definitely not drink it up not
reason simple because if I'm doing what
I'm supposed to be doing tomorrow if I'm
doing was good to do tomorrow
how do you know what I mean the night is
about the clothes
dude I can hear the music look the music
slowly flows roll again choir this is I
didn't fuck the water golden yeah this
is my fucking a homie ah it was such a
sweat baller
it's not fucking Cana I torture shoes on
for months the headache just kicked in
we're drinking water all night I'm just
so fucking tired
what are you doing to me sorry now hold
on to my stick BAM hey guys I'm gonna
have to leave razor and I know exactly
what I'm doing now I'm gonna have to
leave razor and go more like nine bush
guys know the government said you're
right
I'm sorry dude you guys don't have RGB
Italian Alfa I know we almost do man
okay this video gets 50,000 Nachman paid
me to say if this video gets 75
thousands of girls assistances it'll
never happen if this video gets 35
thousands of your men has to make me a
cookie says that headphone okay you know
for every three nights join up give me
five thousand lights and you soon
yo get it done you do not own little it
now outside recover one titty so I don't
know City welcome to it was it any can
go is now open it
this is an unboxing they put they saw
kids and razor to putting the hoard out
there and date with razor first but hey
I don't have these long capya you can't
put if you put a Escape key so you press
it away from Cuba we go escape in the
hallways I don't know that's a good idea
this guy really did a locator reboot you
go to Alienware laptop there's not good
night Tonka weed or crack one of the
other evil someone stole this cop car
then copied drunk
oh wait nothing for other join I was a
raise every night because you're not
just record what is this cop work you
know you don't wanna hold out no
sometimes visit when there's an actor
goes
by the way with the only warning if you
really think you can do this we have
quite having something I've never seen
this before what's the protocol they
just wait you know so now we stop to
like do we have to go round or you don't
know I don't know ostriches Robin I'm
joking go home please stop - you're
drunk go home go home I'm really hoping
I'm leading you guys to the right house
not some my old woman who lives there
and we're all turning up like this so
computers are amazing no women it would
be a good vlog just say they have made a
few people in the back I'm just gonna
film this buzzin house and hope that
right then is it then well I see people
but the same time I can't commit to it's
actually then always definitely members
yesterday Strickland right again what is
it wait is that tell you the right house
how the hell do I go to a house buy in
the US and the first track they put on
when the music comes on is grime some MC
this one for you bro I heard you got oh
shit that's a lot of there oh why have
you got popcorn I don't think I've ever
been to a house party I wish you saw my
face drop then because I thought that
was just a box of whatever you just
point out more or more Grey Goose or
whatever it is I found it here yeah
vodka good choice lobster pizza and let
your baller is but what we do bear
hmm how to be Buena budget lobster fish
yeah all right I'm gonna have to end
today's vlog here so get it started
rendering and uploading because it was
too much chaos trying to do it this
morning I almost caught that Ghost
axilla didn't just get distracted there
but I need to get this vlog uploaded
ASAP so thank you very much for watching
make sure leave a like rating subscribe
and I'll catch you guys tomorrow for the
next day's love as always it's adios and
make sure you do not miss tomorrow's
vlog because if it does actually happen
don't you think yes I got the toilet
what here is some bonus clips from the
day when I flew out to America I
couldn't put in a blog do anime that was
too long to be able to upload so I'm
sorry to most put it in but hey if the
first ever annual Beaudry attend drizzle
critical that we are decided to make
happen and try I like doing this the
first king drasil beer train present
hey I want to say I want to say reborn
yeah I want to say everyone but we had a
follow us oh we had a follow I'm calling
around I think I serenity no time to
smoke our shop sees no spill technically
I rewound a moment from the team captain
what do you have to save yourself and we
achieve really cheat out there right now
you achieved by one person you have worn
a goal difference so I'm going to show
the first female teen pig doctor please
never allow these every day at the same
time your wife also the referee did Adam
three people cheat on your things
yeah I think the famous neighbors name
then people excuse me a guy every day my
own teammates gonna have a fucking clue
how did you know I wasn't gonna put you
in hood I know how bad you did you also
do your front teeth we're gonna crouch
yeah we're done Oh LNG max will end you
