when you wake up it Oh God 2:55 p.m.
that's pretty late you ever want to
start your day perfectly feeling fresh
and feeling good but look no further
then Ready Brek not sponsored hashtag
childhood memories my favorite thing in
the world my mom used to make this meal
all the time what you've got like FOMO
I'm handling a box kindly alright just
cuz it's not you calm down I my mom used
to make me ready Bret like Eva with
honey in it for chocolate sauce
chocolate sauce it's like basically just
children's breakfast oats of super
smooth oats and I tell you what as a kid
it was amazing I don't know what it's
like now but as a kid it was having like
so here's to Chet chasing childhood
memories it's so cool England's
currently going through that phase where
it's like yeah well the rain and the
snow is gonna stop but it's still gonna
look dead gray and dead miserable for
quite quite some time so get used to it
which is usually the point in town where
I go you know what I'm going to America
and run off to America off to America I
fly off to America stay there for a
month until it starts getting nicer
weather back here but you know what I
think I'm just gonna grind through in
England at the moment I'm on that
streaming hype that I'm enjoying it but
I'm going meeting my dad and Tony at the
at the pub not for alcohol I'm just
going there for a coke just to get out
of the house because I've got so much
editing that I need to do at home that
if I don't go out now I'm gonna be stuck
in all day so I'm like you know what I
need a bit of outside time some
socializing time and then I'll get my
cab and two people wondering where the
Henley's Lydia she just randomly
disappeared
well whatever well the last instance you
saw her in the vlog is when I tried to
jump scare I then said goodbye cuz she's
going down to wonder because whilst I'm
back home at the moment I'm just
constant like streaming making my videos
throughout the day I'm always busy down
at Seneca original and stuff so I live
here while she stuff work like until
she's like recovered until she goes back
she's like doing nothing during the day
so instead of like just sitting around
all day kind of doing nothing she's like
you know what I'm gonna go out hang out
with my friends but most of friends are
down in London so she's gone down to
London to hang out with the homies you
know remember when I went to Ibiza and I
met up with Tim and their family down
there well she's gone down to London to
hang out with him so they've told me to
go down and hang out with them and it
would be really fun really awesome
scores even for a few days but me I've
got to stay focused I've gotta stay
focused on the streaming my video
editing and all that sort of stuff
as much adventures I want to want to go
and have I've got to stay home and
knuckle down and that's exactly what I'm
doing little red book of a car means
Alice is at the office oh and there's
the mini that means my mom's in the
office it's actually like nearly five
o'clock so I'm kind of shocked they're
still here but we're sure Merry
Christmas oh my god what are you doing
here I'm apologize I was walking around
like yeah I guess I'll just go say hi
they expect to see game idea I see
things just work out right don't they
cuz I'll just pop in and say hello and
I've not seen India for ages and I've
got to say this right now if you guys
are going to insomnia India's gonna be
going there everyone like India's gonna
be going so stoked to have a back just a
little bit of intervention here you
might like why are you interrupting the
vlog Tom now I said I was going meeting
up with my dad but the reason why you
don't see me going meeting over my
daddies let me put you here to tell you
a goddamn story all right so I was going
meeting up with my dad I'm Tony another
glass of coke and just joined our house
except now I thought walk you past the
great sport
I'm gonna go across the road and a lot
laughs like look right look like if you
don't remember to cross the road and
look left and look right you never
watched the Hedgehog crossing the road
safety video as a kid but I always
looked across the road across the road
nothing coming nothing code I see this
blue car going straight on no indication
so I might goes across haha and as I'm
crossing the road this guy turns and
misses me on the other side of the road
as well like he wasn't even in his Lane
otherwise he would've hit me was this
close away from hitting me I was like
that whoa that's like duck out the way
and like jump out the way and smacked
his body being like what do you think
you're doing like going absolutely crazy
this guy pulls off gets up his car it's
like all this looking at like fucking
like 5859 assumer and he's like I'm like
are you fucking dumb like no joke like a
genuine nearly ran me over with a car to
a point where I was like you are stupid
you shouldn't even on the road all that
sauce though I can't even tell you he
was a little bit drunk to be honest
because the way he was look at me it
couldn't even like keep eye contact with
me it was like just kind of all over the
place
you're out you should even be on the
road and all this shit was I always
indicated I was like if you were
indicating your indicate would still be
on because when he turned into the turn
he stopped immediately if you don't on
Kozma like the way you turn if he's
indicating word on you would indicate
would have turned off when he
straightened up and it's still my even
on what are you talking about
so I know I'm like dead passionate about
this cuz I was like rival book was
anything it was like a full of shit you
don't want you talking about you're on
your phone I was like on my phone
where's my I think even have a phone in
behind otherwise would have logged it
and I was like oh and then he was like
you weren't looking I went so I'm gonna
be I wasn't on the phone I wasn't
looking what are you talking about full
of shit I'll pull the CCTV of that pole
because I know that the owners I pull
the CCT off and fucking prove you wrong
and then I apology I was like any likes
me that's wearing an aggressive book I
want to get into an argument I can't get
heated
I'm very chill until someone calls me a
liar am I fuckin drunk and this guy like
start getting close to me I was like you
know go but the one thing I'll never do
enough ice for the first punch because
you love when he gets in trouble and I
was like you're fucking wrong no you
don't need not Hanyu yeah so yeah that
was a bit of a random story of how Tom
got into an argument with some guy
carrying the other room over which was
great and then because of that I was so
riled up that when I went to the pub I
didn't haven't got coke add a beer and
then just completely forgot to vlog so
yeah sorry about that but that was story
time with Tom yeah there's a romantic
date there whoa whoa whoa what the
hell's going on here
I thought I'd take the back door to get
into where's his kitchen but apparently
there's a little breakdown operation
going on it I was gonna scare you but
there you know whether you have a other
pan of hot oil in your hands I was like
probably not the best idea I really
appreciate you feeding me fed him seen
his wives away yeah videos daddy moves
in for a few days do you know yet
yesterday the day before yesterday when
she left I had super noodles yes that I
had chicken strips in the oven thanks
Wes I love you I couldn't even wait
until I got home this cajun chicken
sandwich where's does is honestly the
best chicken sandwich I've ever had in
my life no yes she's my friend and yes
he has his own business but if I had to
be an outsider and ptosis for the first
time I would still say this is the best
chicken sandwich I've ever had
Asian chicken baguette Oh so the people
who I know of like viewers who have
traveled just to the graves to go to
where's just to have that they've even
said it's a ten out of ten if you
haven't yet been to the grapes in G
cross to have where these cajun chicken
forget you need to do it you are missing
out I'm sorry is staring at this
download which is only three gigabytes
but it's gonna take forty minutes to do
I cannot wait to get money went in there
cuz when I got my new internet five
hundred or five hundred down a second Oh
like this will be done in literally
seconds above the things I'd be I could
be playing for right now right now
whilst uploading but because my
Internet's so slow okay even when it
went up he actually went oh I'm still
waiting to hear from PT to find out
what's going on with my internet so
fingers crossed there hear from them
I've had no new fresh update so I don't
know what to say and I don't know what
to do I knew this was gonna happen
what'd I tell you what'd I tell you not
a toy this is my camera he's just
knocked it over this is not a toy this
is dad's camera so yeah that was an
interesting day of never getting hit by
a car and then he completely distracted
me from vlogging for the rest of the day
so sorry about that but I need to get
this GoPro back for when I'm riding my
bike because there was another story to
tell you about on Tuesday how some guy
in a big massive white truck van nearly
crashed into my dad on purpose
and if I could have got that on camera
we could have reported him to the police
and he definitely definitely wouldn't go
in trouble for what he did like that's
why I always need my GoPro boy do you
see it charging on the end of this cable
no because my brother Mark had still got
my GoPro give it back
I need to go riding now guys so thank
you very much for watching today's vlog
yeah if you're a driver please just
always look out for pedestrians I know
it sounds so stupid but I'm so cautious
about being on a road no matter what
more importantly Blanc's I wrote pedal
bikes on the road all the time from
school college and stuff then more
importantly I rode as a motor bike so my
senses of being away on the road are so
on point like I'm looking out for more
dangerous than anyone else it is just a
standard driver in the car is doing in
my blowers big edit of you trust me like
if you play video games you've got very
good senses like you're very good at
like being aware of what's going on if
you're a motorbike
got even more enhanced senses and
especially for a car driver as well like
it all builds up together it's like I'm
very wary of what I'm doing on a road so
to other people just take your goddamn
time but when you're turning corners or
anything like watch out for bikers watch
out for pedestrians I'm not trying to
start a war of bikers and all that sort
of shit or anything here but yeah just
keep your eyes on the road please don't
run me over that'd be great and I'll see
you guys hopefully tomorrow when I don't
get hit by another car and everything
will be great
I bike people getting run over like
remember mini Leslie got run over if you
guys don't know search mini lad
car accident his friend and mini got hit
by a car and one of them was in a coma
for a month and if he didn't have health
insurance it would have cost him a
million dollars cause he was from
America we don't work the same like that
in England I'm just saying mate roads
dangerous stay safe out there
watch Google hedgehogs crossing road
safety video and stop looking listen
you'll be fine but yeah I've got to go
now guys cuz in my biking thank you for
watching make sure leave like rate
subscribe stay safe or the roads that I
love you got I'll see you all tomorrow
bye
sorry us
