okay new dawn new day let's take a look
at this house
oh I officially hate sequined oh my lord
there is so many there's the smashed
glass then oh boy
Oh bother easily the worst date my house
is bigger after a party in the existence
of me living here and especially
somebody a great idea to squirt fairy
liquid like a streamer and went all over
my ceiling I don't know how they managed
it I don't know why they managed it but
it did I know it stained my feeling as
usual I'm leaving it it's the last thing
on my mind I need to quickly keep Steven
and then I go to a dance of food Steven
oh look nice in a work this morning you
still just enjoy and stare into the
ground
look wow this three dozen ability help
well now you've got even more stop
grubbing them and drowning them and eat
them instead your little fat booger okay
I see you later and I bring you some
more lettuce bye bye he could ah
everywhere
oh my um this is awful
I I've made it I brought my bottom or
two loaves I went to a Michelin star
restaurant and at the end of it they
knew that we love the bread so much then
that 94 times bread this is mashed
potato and big bread and this is cheese
and onion I think Lancashire bread with
a man just be alive so just cheese and
onion bread it's like proper cheesy
inside itself there you go sir yes good
party did you were faulty pipes they go
right in my dad this makes me so happy
so happy
hey you know I read I hope it's not
going off like one yes that much but
that's mashed potato de Bros well good
and as I get drunk in the morning of
bread what's up hmm how to start my
first day being 24 from dum-dum more and
more I couldn't without doubts and see
how it improved this I'm well impressed
like it's such a good job this is why I
wish I was my dad's got a hole in the
wall just provide the safety knock it
loose this used to be one of my old
bedrooms not sit through one big ass
lounge now and then did all this himself
look at it some cool two hours later I
finally get my life of Tom the birthday
movie live on the youtubes
we now have one problem where are they I
thought I'll do my khakis with music
good things
turns out Luke is truly my house found
my spare keys and is currently driving
around the UK my car mmm I'm assuming up
there is this is oh god if you parked it
there that neighbors gonna have a skate
with me I typed my car in that private
car part of the day the neighbor came
out shout at me with turns out Luke
managed to make it from my house to here
with no directions whatsoever so I'm
coming for them so let's just hope he
hasn't crashed it that is like seeing a
bear in a clown car you're out there
mate yeah just sets down the left side
you'll be all right
what are you doing
you literally stole my car how do you
like it yeah
dude it looks so good I never really get
to see it from this perspective so that
looks beautiful
I know this is phat college wearing
socks and flip-flops no no no no no you
can't do that
socks and sandals yes even though I call
them flippy floppies which is completely
contradicts useful tools what I just
said cats it all can't see you what are
you doing dude this is your new car my
kind of car you new garden oh you find
out dude we came pretty good I'm glad I
got a nice and clean look
oh I say that she do
Poosh purrs like a kitten stop give it a
hundred of em drum rim rim broken what
not not in gay coach down start small
room gonna burn that apart
sounds so good
an uber two features but I'm very
tempted to trade her in to get the TT RS
same caller same everything just the TT
RS version he is like 400 brake
horsepower tomorrow kind of crazy
oh my lord it is bad Bucky really dad
it's doing oh my god you make sure it's
in Gaelic oh oh yeah not even in bloody
gear are you parking brake on hold on
don't scratch my wheels and okay okay
dude if I drop it down rub him down
look at that vacuum is rolling alright
that's that dude inspect my wheels did
you scratch the car anything hoping
she's okay
yeah Hannibal the bitch now think it's
pretty much a traditional hope this is
the point they don't throw a fool this
is a bit American so I'm showing it was
showing it around oh he's showing those
around things over here driving took me
that one to edit and upload my vlog that
my bucks was on ten percent so I'm
quickly gonna poeple get my phone
charger kit come back
I'm hoping it's charged cause I feel
like the cat needs a bit of lovin right
now so oh my God look at that see it's
oh it's off it's all the way back no I
do who cleaned up the house a little bit
but it looks absolutely ten times better
than what it did yesterday oh my lord
that looks good
alright come to buy my charger and get
me the hell out of here
to the hare and hound with my phone
charging kit I'm not too sure how long
this cables gonna last
okay ha it's a good-looking right I'm
claiming that you can see straight away
don't care I'm not even arguing with you
guys it's mine
sure oh look is a little bit of pepper
called all emotions with Madison to
accept I do not see this was well about
that effect you're not bad-looking dice
notice would you go for that rump do it
oh sorry
alright a ribeye looks kinda pissed and
an onion rings good yeah yeah I want ya
that is amazing
custard salted caramel custard ice cream
yes your you just combined all these
three movies so here I'm gonna miss him
you don't know what we go oh I don't
worry good is your favorite American in
the world you're the favorite American
regret you wanted to the bike ride girls
your favorite Brit you get out then
you're the same things now to hurt me
sorry
oh right so we got you for a little bit
have you got some fun if we did get a
bill enough to go bowling
you have to be there to witness bball my
brand new ball um and I want to see you
hit a turkey oh yeah oh yeah house guess
we look ten times better the glasses
removed I found out it was my dad the
glasses been kind of shifted the pizza
boxes have been shifted out of us
everyone out my friends who did this and
we just can't work it out with dogs it's
like how could that happen because if
one line that way one line that way one
line that way one line that way but it's
just like why would you do it and at the
same time is how did the liquid get
there but no it did it got a little bit
though it's just like how did you do it
and why I thought everyone would go
broke no not going to own up to it I got
the paper import you know it was just
really close friends and really close
family here yesterday so I don't know
much
wouldn't own up to it over then they
were just so drunk we didn't know who
did it
bastards one of my sisters mate does a
really good refurbs on wheels and stock
if you've scratched him and everything
and any stock is advertisement up in my
house I like yeah actually does a good
job he's not doing my wheels yet but
he's going to now that I've given him
free bromo not being a dick I'm just
saying and yeah it's actually smart I'm
very impressed by that also someone took
a bite out of this so keep Qian Qian if
you gave me that yesterday yeah sorry
someone else someone else edit before I
had the chance to how come fit is that
so so it's pretty fun coffee how comfy
is that bed you slept in last night
you're good in it I think it's even
comes you than my actual bed what's that
what's the big kind of all the white
company to work done
didn't the white company some kind of
races I know it though don't worry about
it well you know what I've not even
checked downstairs to see what people
actually wrote on the water there it is
happy birthday sorry about the bean bag
Laura well someone oh don't do it
I appreciate a lot of thank you very
much men mr. and mrs. Leonard pronounced
May 2009 okay okay again the book of why
I'm totally non penis says Tom how do
you earth day we right there guys
together bad boys for life Carl or G
cross God poor gfy go yourself
and that I appreciate that you use
better than ever
no idea no idea no I did have a good day
Tom mister and this is an ad but there
could be done it twice who did this not
too short ankle oh very well be Sean ohh
Sean just is a signature I like it Sean
and Oliver once again I couldn't thank
you for dinner
oh that sucks first of all it's freezing
in here because we left the AC unit on
all damn night
unlike - temperatures but one of the
bean bags exploded when everyone got a
minute another reveal what have a look
how messy the bar is poop am not that
bad you know more just some glasses the
penis but
that son gave me you know like like you
do some some beers
no everything else what's okay floors
not too messy
oh and people did get all my god people
did get in the pool last night
ah and there's the bean bag oh no all
right everywhere
oh yeah know what I mean go ahead and
shut this door and leave that for
another day
everyone in the vlog misheard what I was
talking about regarding opening the
actual bottle of a to space that's been
in there for three years and there was
only three reasons I would open it there
was two I told you guys about because
the third reason was private one was if
I was got married she's engaged to Cal
but not married so when they got married
at papi
or they were having a baby they're
expecting a baby and everyone thinks
it's because I've been joking about
Alice being fat she's not fat she just
think bones everyone think that Alice is
pregnant and be like tweet you know
congratulation Alice in not pregnant so
you're just doing a really good job of
installing my sister so just don't do it
but no it was for third reason which I
said to you guys I can't tell you just
yet I know a lot of you feel a bit upset
about that because you like all but Tom
we're your family let us know it's like
I will when the time is right okay so
you just have to bear with me and you
guys will soon find out why we pop up
but all much so really excited to share
it with you guys but you just have to
win okay so I'm gonna I'm just gonna set
off on my lights and get ready to go to
bed because you know what Stephens
asleep that means I should be asleep
best super oh do you know what I'm gonna
have one of those right now okay like
you've made my surprise even better but
even better try than that
I've got jelly what I know we were doing
jello shots yeah what the hell what what
weather how did this water what oh oh
Greg oh that's magnificent second oh
just make my life even more difficult
I'm just gonna go back to being like I
wanna have oh oh no that is hella hella
nasty
oh you oh you fur I didn't buy the
whiting house
I got jelly oh oh it's got mud on it if
I ate all this right now would I be
drunk but my bedrooms healthy why
they're tube has a flipbook I know now
we're going on right there ladies oh I
am going to bed right now I'm absolutely
exhausted I hope you did enjoy the
volley goddamn stall that carries style
where you've gone to bed and so my
hopefully tomorrow I'm gonna go bowling
so first time ever I want to go all day
today just the ball Manu ball
imagine if I got a strike the first go I
might I might Bowl like a game then
without my ball and try it out so I
don't know how it's gonna perform it
might be crazy sleepy it may be I don't
know I don't know what you supposed to
do with a new ball or anything out so I
may read some Google Doc kids or what
document scoop I mean a Googler but
thank you very much for watching thank
you for bearing with me to the fact that
yesterday's vlog was so late but
hopefully 52 minutes makes up for it
I love you guys faces leave like crane
subscribe and I'll see you guys then
I've had it off
