Tom TGK we don't want any drugs natural
for home it's a new dawn it's a new
night
well it's technically well let's pop
it's technically 3 o'clock in the
morning so it is a new day and oh my
goodness me I have a window seat great
but then even better look at the size of
this screen they give in my halfway
watch Air Show and cameras what 3000 753
much oh wow ok cameras the cameras on oh
my lord
this might be incorrect what the hell is
that looking at air or the cameras
filming that baby needs throwing out no
Kristin I'm joking I don't really
believe in throwing babies out the
window I flush them down the toilet also
for the duration of the flight this is
my friend Brian I've never met Brian no
spoke to Brian but for the sake of his
reflection and son Sandra will befriend
us be no idea
I thought you I phoned I'm looks ok we
us me and you oh my gosh like.oh a
casino and thank you by believing shoe
strings holder excited responsibility
staging spinner anyway on more of a
positive no more words wrong swatches
and made its way to divine and Excel
made his way back from Dubai to
Manchester so the miles continue to grow
riot health my plan of action is to work
like maybe one movie then fall asleep
until I wake up at 8 a.m. in the UK and
without new days given that Roger iron
this is a dance let me just show you
this same collection of movies and these
are all new route
you listen on that this is not this is
absolutely not an injustice of the
collection look at this look at this
this is stupid
and for the record someone trying to
call me out in our form and being rated
that I said Stanny movies which is usual
fire I know theater Pakistani movie so
back the fuck off jelly Haider that
aside there is a crazy crazy collection
gonna line when the game fully off it
looks like embers hi hi Emirates please
please and tickets that I provide and
then decide
a be goofing off and this element the
screen of stuff like ninth fo de Wow
as basically
I love it here we go the camera show
about them so they're making
announcement was just so much sniffing
anyway here we go we're about to take
off not to a700 real quick five four
three
very feisty and established most alwa
was
if I'm pretty slow
according to date
screeching Ligon i'ma let you go launch
vagina
not taking office definitely
we don't think us
half
and we have leftovers like Jesus Jesus
Wow almost hit the toilet alone
incredible by the bi-level the region so
long to get my place
the
that will be easiest
on the day before we're heading some
body let Jeff are you show you another
equity Ashley that's enough egami
how do you have in China Abba Dabba
Dabba Nami but no I just definitely go
back there as soon as I truly do not
know
he spent off
so penny
a front of my client just finished
watching live by night and it was so
good super solid film utterly
recommended
instead of any communication so had
another look at the sort of the person
was 11 when your family look at the son
don't think it's a lines episode
tsu'tey absolutely
you too
rocket desert
is the middle of bloody that way
I ended up managing to post it for yours
I give up we got a lot of damn cards
like a lot of cars we have to counsel
shit so is this like oh you definitely
the smiley face good job
kinda took too long to get off the plane
animal wash persons go so there is gonna
be fun now climb a helmet was one day
one day okay there's a last first enough
plane
I've got back to you in a black
something on there I don't know what I
don't know how I don't know where but
you know what I'm home in Manchester how
about three hours sleep how does that
make me feel try it yet
I was like the last person off the plane
no literally the last person off a plane
but I got free security so fast I didn't
check a bag he's wheeling and it's ready
to impact - it's worth Android as long
as I'll remove the 9000 cookies and
muffins and shit back in rainy out snack
innings I'm luck and eggs especially
when rain not men wearing bloody shorts
Awards yeah fucking flip or a fucking
idiot know what I'm going back fucking I
can't loving when I do it fucking there
I'm sorry - swearing but when I go like
this I just fucking swell so big not
clever but I'm getting moister than a
nice dinner at door like that
oh I thought I said buckle up my staff
to the newspaper this woman this woman
this woman this woman this woman this
woman this woman this woman this woman
he laddie politics I honestly don't care
a lot of people said to be told you go I
don't make sense developer what knows
and divided and more importantly and I
don't know if 8th in any kind of
government
I'd appreciate like national health
services and stuff like that and a
notion vote for that reason but to be
honest if they're going to fuck it up
you're going to fuck it up and I'm
probably gonna be dead by and they
continue to keep fucking up so I'm good
thanks
home sweet home I can see you I can see
you little rascal spying on me and oh my
lord
my clean has been the house looks new
the house looks tidy oh no sticky floors
heaven honestly this looks absolutely
view if we knew and that means one thing
that my bed should look crispy and well
before I go and get in it I'm going to
make sure that my backpack on that pack
my suitcase it's ready to go to Los
Angeles so in the morning when I wake up
I can go and get straight on a plane
because that's exactly what's happening
I am resting maybe going to the cricket
to go and watch Cowell and support Cal
and then I'm going to LA what a good gun
turnaround kind of like a biscuit you
keep maybe it's a biscuit cake right you
already duck
that's really nice I feel like I'm
eating birthday cake I think it might be
gingerbread can we just take a moment to
appreciate it I'm already ready to rock
and roll like I got t-shirts I've got
shot I've got blocked shots I'm actually
got boxer shots
enough to last me for Dave and my trip
to LA is exactly four days all my
toiletries ready I got my foot be Papi's
I got my Jordans I got my camera and
GoPros in case I need to use them or
anything like that I go swimming so the
only thing I think I want to throw in is
a Insignia hoodie and rare chrome hello
Stephen how you doing of mr. Sun and by
the way got something to tell you all
the way to Dubai no lizards didn't see
one
not a single lizard in the slightest so
I'm happy to see your face again
ma it's 9 o'clock in the morning but I'm
in a bit of a rest become a little bit
tired still from the plane it was a
seven-hour flight I was hoping to sleep
the entire time but watch the 3-hour
film and so didn't quite manage to
manage that but you know what I mean
Stephen gonna kick back for a bit wake
up in a few hours and then go and see
Alison cow so good nekked yes you may
notice I have not done my hair I look
like I don't even know I look like a
combination of who and the Grinch Mount
Kilimanjaro just wrecked many but I'm
going to my dad for some breakfast lunch
going for a good old British fry up now
that is the perfect time to my dad
thousand some food I don't know who car
this is so let's find out
ok I dunno let's just focus it holy crap
coming out of it this looks sick way
good jump nice choice I like it I really
looks good in here that looks really
good in me the cafe a good choice
brother a good choice you're asking you
see done beautifully awful car
are you serious cream that's yours i
1000 i have to say this right now swing
yourself graham and my dad here I'm
really good at that so any my strategy
viewers I might invite viewers that I
didn't go to Fort William in Scotland
but I do believe a lot of you who went
up there bumped into these two and said
hello so I'm sorry I missed you make
sure I'll be there put it in the box
really sorry Ken's freyal fucking it
super break for me ah the smell of it
just makes me still happy to go in with
a review straight away of a 10 out of 10
10 out of 10 and I was going to drop you
down by one about that Brent got Cu done
it but nope I'm happy with this thank
you Dad thank you thank you for dinner
looks love you guys see you later see
whether if you guys know we can go to
America boy I really like this look
right I don't like it the bay still
drives good
she's beautiful oh wow so good to be
back but such great friends here such
great friends
wait fault ah fuck exactly in one person
who could have ever done this
got to explain yourself no okay
I always brought this to my house why
would you do that you'll be like forget
Oh Jody Jacque everyone that's actually
pretty good
no the probably murder from here hey you
won't let me pay you back in British
pounds I'm going to pay you back in a I
should have bought another ticket let me
pay for you season ticket that mate
that's like one pay you got it you can
have it as a gift for me I thought about
that today we don't see no my job's just
opens up shake that is backfires oh it's
good to be back in England the weather
is shitty the Bears are gritty and Tom
and see my lad cheers brother please
mate
I could have just lost eyes out in Dubai
Naama done you can't do tears you
remember them hope not
my name is philomene lovely you did it
oh it's not of yours I did doing it I
drove up me I know what to see me sound
Olympian that we say it
I'm awake I'm calm I summon like double
it ah someone I come in and do that's
French Rosa exactly
hmm Oh coolie you're so fine you're so
fine you know you find her truly and hey
people high-five don't we meet I mean I
see I've just made the greatest
introduction I introduced ha McCallum to
the by pure wigs captain the pillar
foolish I'm a pompom account through
with the boys and now we're going to get
drunk together
it's a while while we to the weary well
Mikey one minute I love you cynic
original top ready the headphones Raisa
lots of absolutely
and then you rip out the casing nice
that blogging so I'm sorry we have
Benjamin right
I get it it's more professional with me
I understand I'm not gonna lie I would
love to use him life I truly would
bought like you can go into a club with
that Kenya you can't go to cook that you
can go to bar with us tasty good have
you ever seen Cajun I've got a strip
club is it yeah what a much Trump
doesn't like this one I like it
cow top score of the day why would you
do that to me you're just gonna never do
that to you again this book modern boys
but one of my thank you very much well
done well done well done well done you
this is what I like we record a festival
at the club so right now I don't know
that is a little too frothy for me nah
wait I know it wasn't broken
not long ago it's now that what I'll say
I need any proper I'll Bear Grylls
I did not going to do that when I'm at
all right kid just try and not make it's
not your pilot map just trying
hey bro bleep Ricky falling why there
are fuck wait did you manage to log in
well I'm the Instagram follow did you
York I posted on my make sure you follow
me on instagram at syndicate a solid is
I actually managed to get the unique
name syndicate follow me on there I
posted a nice little video via Tom in
fact him in it he went from town whole
like 20 to 460 and or second 519 Oh
Avery exactly my daddy you know the
really ugly people he's gonna win Tom
oh right ding-ding are you ready for
this here any class today it's all the
time' did watch him watch him and divert
all the way and divide fucking some poor
money inside ice cream they hold it
you caught me get it I'm so sorry Molly
I'm so sorry because I was ahead kitty
again I didn't know it would work don't
like to be a vlogger
Oh welcome to being the best class
tonight mate it's must it back from
America if on a cat go to Silicon Renzo
ciao ciao
so check each ovary is voltage input
your vocal partners and right I'm sure
my motivation I'll see the guy is born
this year sponsor those and it's been a
must a massive massive fan of our
development is a book so please for boys
you girls please all send time to
solicit for two minutes I want to push
you over to a sponsor some right -
absolutely
Sara wait who's the hot nanny decided
back user before the one above the break
quick right you bound all the hot and
one following on your exact solution
so right oh how about rebuilding me
attention please people a bar will you
just be quiet - just one minute I was
saying I just have your attention for
like one minute Lee that's all must be
fun I wish it a win
I like to donate our winnings of 210
pounds since insulting people
candy aren't you in No oh it was not
bring it's not a lot of our college that
looks wonderful great on a bike taking
me my homies taking college thinking I
was didn't take my dog - but this is a
pretty cool I'm so glad to be a main
sponsor I don't want to get a couple
high so they're just getting my fucking
bump here my fucking pop come on it's
like okay take care
Khalid get up okay left where do you
have them
how about me on eBay they were going at
one point what 1:00 p.m. it won't for
your heart we have small dicks coming up
so the pie continues at my house however
there is one problem add up are you
videoing me vlogging there's one problem
I don't have a key to the house
I might have a secret entrance told me
okay made my cash creator if he went out
you might type in the variable
these love a sea of Socrates or a bunch
of people running my house but you know
what I don't care I made noodles not for
the group but for myself I've got a
flight I have to get to America in less
than seven hours I need food in my
system
I flew back from debuffing today you
play cricket why are you so tired
go go hey I'm so tired
honestly I don't you're drunk I'm not
I'm not drunk
I'm just tired I don't go mate I'm not
drunk I'm tired
I'm not even drank that much today I'm
just
but okay bye
Jesus bloody Christ rhinoceros why the
fuck did that make fucking what the fuck
is that a fortress pop of nothing do you
feel that I owe winnings did Corinne a
week Jesus Christ contact we had the
coop we've had the hollows of your queen
and all the chlorine products the stings
the eyeball large I just Cal the hot tub
second I got a notification on my phone
Gordon Ramsay's now falling join Twitter
the love of God I hope he is
and I'm scenario time I'm at the airport
I'm about to fly up to LA and it's
nearly twelve o'clock in the afternoon
so if I don't get this vlog or I'm about
to get on a leather hour flight
so if I don't get it up now it's not
gonna be a daily book so if this went up
on time thank goodness edit it make sure
you leave like rate if I didn't I'm
really sorry I'm really disappointed in
myself I thought oh I'll try better next
time so I've gotta go now for good or
just make you leave like when subscribe
I'll catch you guys tomorrow and I will
be traveling off to LA in style so see
you guys then
