once y'all look at that I'm actually
wearing a t-shirt that's probably the
most sensible for this weather also
what's going on with the hair I'm not
too sure but let's start this day and
for breakfast shout to the whole
Madrid's appreciate the basket I'm gonna
try a cookie mmm mmm mmm
that good moisture I fly to LA on Sunday
so I'm gonna try and do is get almost of
washed and ironed so I can take my
suitcase
straight from Dubai straight to LA I
honestly don't think I'll ever get bored
of looking at that it's on there it is
that's mean that mean fish form
is all I would do all day every day the
fish to go okay good newgen I have to
believe in a hotel by like midnight
tonight book Linda being the absolute
legend last years has given me the room
until 6:00 p.m. not 12 like normal
checkout so it gave me Santa like chart
by the pool all day by the time
something goes down have a shower get
ready and then just like go out for food
and then after that head up for the
airport I'm doing it
after I saw Jake yesterday who work here
I've got around the kitchen
I'm going in brunch so you better do it
get back into your night because this is
going to get a rate cut all right our on
looking pretty good lookin awesome fancy
warden MP me registry kitchen bar I know
that but what's the activists make your
own ice cream or something oh no you
don't cook you
whoa this was already worth them when I
Tom ham and more ham num num psyllid X
this is a pretty good-looking star
selection I'm not going to I'm not too
sure what that is
okay okay look at this it's got a little
mini kid Proctor ha ha ha that's it Jake
who kind of runs this restaurant here we
met yesterday I was hoping to bump into
not seen him I don't think it's working
this morning but hopefully to know I've
been to his restaurant you can choose
coming here now two O's meat buffet
alcohol and I'll go on a video alcohol
it's free drink too like three hours
it's crazy
but I decided you're non-alcoholic I
went for a mocktail
father thought now sorry summer it's not
farmer hum what it is good ham this like
deviled egg with tomorrow is absolutely
gorgeous
for the path that's that I've added my
life is got this I screw which is now so
five P fish cake spicy win I'm do you're
doing good goddamn Ramsay you're doing
good
and Protista oh that's not those expect
at all right
the sauce is that overpowering like that
overpowering that I can't taste the
chicken I know it's a small people
the tiny beans diggin the like I can't
take any chicken architecture sauce and
for like a month it's strong sweet like
sweet spicy kick sighing summer this
fish cake is absolutely unreal thank you
very much
Wow oh my god
let that out then for Kate and Tom and
you by trying new foods
try new things and for dinner I got fish
and chips gone and rounded it's better
be good
but besides that chip is intimidating so
you ready
I didn't taste any flavor then I got too
much of a crispy bit let's do this
properly no matter when you're having
fish and chips you need a better student
vinegar that a friggin fresh Sookie in
it soaking in it got around it
you've got vinegar on your table and you
can even dot mustard mayonnaise and
ketchup no salt no salt started running
what is it
hung out maybe I should ring salt they
in mass involved all right I got myself
a little salt pot salt of the foxhole
mouth salt they pop by and drop stuff
you know oh sorry yeah I put a lot of
vinegar on that
hmm
that's good for the most important thing
let's go for a taste of the fish it
looks absolutely excuse the pad I'm
using my hand
that's incredible nice truly truly
incredible you better know it's time for
ice cream or with that look at all the
toppings there is looking absolutely
ridiculous right I'm trying caramel and
cooking yeah I'm I'm have enough amazing
that's just stupidly good I decided to
go ahead and put some of them on my ice
cream and their nerd the so sour but
those we all what a flavor combination
I'm going to say it right now got him
rather the young good kid
I'm giving you an overall nine and a go
cook yourself just cuz you swear along
so do i so which is gone oh geez Jake
thank you for the recommendation though
you work here okay Gordon there's a joke
I thought I thought that was it don't
get dessert and out there but then they
when it brought over an extra dessert
tray I'll go like tiramisu sticky toffee
pudding and this okay the top the top of
it's gone so fold it off for its like
marshmallow
you did good Collard you curd lemon
meringue I'm totally going to be a
professional food critic if I can't tell
the difference between marshmallow and
the lemon meringue cool I think they're
pretty similar right and in a why I'm
he's confidently printed these things
off I was amazing
good job he's actively oh no that's not
I don't need that what I'm going this
way you bastard
I'm going the wrong way wonder core
network yeah busy day Babbitt who Wow
Wow I really thought wearing a white
t-shirt would help with the heat no
isn't running a risk today boys
basically run out some cream so he goes
from layer 1 layer 2 layer 3 layer 4 and
now probably gonna burn on it again well
it's just nothing nothing out it's just
a bit of RNA yo well this is the first
time with a holiday that I've not edited
the vlog the night before I was so tired
from going on the Marco quick like 2:00
a.m. but I'm on the beach now about one
of these beds
I've got like loads of like towels
everything and I got a drink and I've
probably got about 12 hours now no 11
hours right now until I need to be on my
plane so could have a drink chill out
shower check out my room at 6 o'clock
and then go for a meal of the day and
that'll be good by Dubai these guys over
here are going crazy because we just
want a starfish and the little girl just
went oh my god it looks like a digit
spinner and where's our next generation
I can hear something fucking around
scary women surfing oh I don't know if
that was supposed to go like that oh
they have to wait for my lawyer to get
delivered it's been it cleaned and
ironed and then once I get my shirt can
wear it to this fancy restaurant today
well I've got some look pretty cool
planned
yeah I was not expecting that that is so
ready to go to Los Angeles
oh I am all for putting plastic bags and
look at that on my shirt they put in a
color thing at lattice times Dubai thank
you very much for just making my life
easy I come on it came with a little bow
tie that I don't think I've ever had a
shirt clean so well in my life look at
that I have no idea how I'm gonna get
this on boots I'm gonna try and smuggle
them all into the suitcase also the
topic of smuggling things home the hotel
I think David is chocolates is like Anna
you live in take them so thank you also
and this yeah I thought this was
decoration nope everyday we're gonna
give him fresh fruit and I didn't have a
clue no all right right all right well I
was supposed to check out this hotel for
five minutes ago as you can tell not
quite but they're gonna send the bellman
up in ten minutes to get my bag and then
I've been invited to get to that place
with the fishes I have to leave - bye
goodbye divine I've loved every single
moment of it but my flight is at 3 a.m.
but yeah you better know I can make
myself what nice it's not thanks
question is can I actually smuggle these
all in my suitcase back to the UK and
then to Los Angeles I'm going to try it
if I can do it great success it hangover
food for when I'm buying ether it if not
I fucked up look Alex I always would
love the food solution I like a bloody
cookie deal I can't draw international
cookie biscuit drug dealer I'm gonna try
and take them home if they make me throw
them away I'm good
and I'm gonna eat as many as I can
before I have to fly because I don't
even know this one icing on it oh sure
listen how odd I opened right I kind of
come looking mighty fine for my last as
a meal in Dubai well I've seen my token
amount after a meal but my last ever
meal in this artist
arms device so let's do this and when I
get back let's let's get a record
goodbye a hotel room I love you forever
and ever
goodbye now
I'm giving that motel room an eight
point nine and all the staff service
that comes with it a 10 here we go
returning Saffiano underwater by
Australian directly not what you can see
but we're like down there on the corner
because Krusty let me in this time last
time I need to put you on when we back
here again
hell yes so I came down to the
restaurant and I'm just about to order a
cocktail and they were like oh yeah so
it's on the house I'm like oh that's
great
it'll take all of them I went to
something called a pill divert and then
also I thought I knew what was coming
here to eat and it turns out the chef's
actually got selection ready for me so
okay I'm pretty fucking stoked what on
earth is that one that looks it's that's
literally a drunk wine one on its side
what drink of it so that's the exogenous
view that's the cousinship world I just
missed something absolutely incredible
for this person's drink I'm asking
assure me cosmopolitan garnish will
flamed orange
what are you soaking I know the
Orangemen
it just doesn't find what I do that okay
so this is my drink the pearl diver
looks absolutely incredible and look at
that this is an agate book oh oh you can
see the liquid inside it
welcome and I suppose the pilot eat it
all in one go so wish you luck mmm Wow
Matt laughing away we go that's
incredible mark Wow
yeah it's a little on him well that was
well refreshing nice yeah that is fresh
in it okay I didn't want to be rude
anything like that for the chef came out
and was like I've got you covered we
watch your vlog we like it we send it to
management it said getting back in here
this is Cavey
okay I like smiling like a Cheshire Cat
I was like I was going to get the the
hot seat we play and he would like to
know if you don't mind
sorry if you're watching it I love your
accent take note if you don't mind I
prepared something I was like yeah okay
last time I came here right it was like
three of these little testers that in
canopies that you can have this time the
chef decides you know what here's a lot
more
I like this one beautiful I think this
is a formula in itself to me I should
probably ask what that is but I'm pretty
sure that's caviar with gold on top what
that is a flavor explosion and a half
all right this is gonna sound weird but
the actual coffee thing that tasted like
a weight and walkers crisp on steroids
and it sounds weird but I thought it was
but then the caviar on top
the flavor was me not read about I don't
think I could choose a better place Mac
to chill out here edit my vlog have some
cocktails and see the Sharks my
background I'm supposed to be eating my
dinner right now but I'm currently
editing yesterday's vlog to try and get
it off on time it's currently like ten
minutes past eight so I'm not feeling
too conference so if it was late I
apologize but the catch is in Ramadan so
none Cheers life is good Wow
this is good beautiful I came in the
restaurant like an hour ago I had two
cocktails and my canapes i sat there for
our editing Methwold try my best to get
it uploaded on time for you guys
whilst not trying to be distracted by
this look how amazing my see for
different because it I just have to film
you now just because it's so difficult
to take you seriously with sharks and
these big-ass fish you in behind it
looks absolutely incredible not at all
honestly it's just do your thing my
friend what a top guy I was explaining
to him how I like do everything and I
was like my phone battery's dying so
hopefully I'll be able to filled me in
tonight it was like I'll go and find out
if I can't get your power bank staff
here incredible and then we go print or
share whatever you doing what have you
done this time I'm not going to wait
around for it I'm going to eat it all I
get brain freeze of this there's going
to be wolf through hell today but this
time the oysters come with caviar and a
call.we
yep this is real life I never thought in
my life I'd eat gold more than once but
guess what i am doing focus part
I'm putting the miniature fork down and
palette ones that we meet again again
this is like a bubble of water like
captured in raspberry and so
that we didn't settle with it Oh in
Cranberry sighs I was alerted the Glens
could never do is true honest to god do
not know how am I supposed to be honest
oh my goodness me that I stir the other
thing Meister than a nice dress
perfectly nice to us so big they put
each oak respondent I had to ruin my
dining experience to go and get my power
bank and the power bank I picked up is
pretty much nearly dead I don't know
where my other one is I either left it
in the room or something like that but
at the same time I'm turnover Lord
yesterday's vlog and it has five minutes
before it's supposed to be live for some
reason the internet in the hotels going
really really slow and it's looking at
taking like maybe two three hours to
blows okay a little bit of deep time
look at this I usually keep button beeps
at all often so
I really like that hey I didn't even
show you guys that I've got my orange
bread over here as well as a quail egg
hmm I'm pretty sure that this guy is
asking her to marry her
oh my god dude no way
no way just come on the diver
Wow
the assistant manager came over to me
with like there's about to be a proposal
at the fourth window if you'd like to go
watch it then go ahead I was like yeah I
know I had this people will you marry a
purple beautiful absolutely beautiful
alright I don't got that quail egg
before so I guess I'm not in it now has
just dropped it off the table you like
to say my napkin card but now it rolls
straight up that book as well so here's
the other half whoa
little bit rubbery very flavorful
but properly oh and by the way I found
the other half of my way like an otaku
goods
so beautiful actually did you make this
wow thank you so much so is it incorrect
that fillers ring what are you even
serious that the direct product is a
desert alright now to try and see if
what I've been working on since I came
in the first time is it actually going
to happen
that laser job is what I've been trying
to do the entire time I have been here
thank you so much thank you so much for
doing that this guy this is the same guy
when I did the diving inside put on my
helmet and without like hanging around
with yourself for the fact that he
brought the sign what no don't god I
know it thank you very much what are you
doing
the gun show out of here hey later buddy
so next time you're suddenly I was here
yeah what's your son's name and prolly
hot Charlie Hayes your mom I'm throwing
you in the blood right now your mom just
turned up as the guy with the sign came
to show me the subscribe Galaga console
they go hello well after that I'll have
enough now I've yet to even try my drink
I got the Apple drink I was impressed by
that and also the diver appeared in
front of me
I'll try oh gosh that is so sweet but
also so like potent the chef Fatima
brought this out which is like a spin on
it like on a dish from his childhood
memory so I'm very excited to eat this
because as soon as he said childhood
memory I was like ratatouille because
like that that film revolves all around
that cell just do this ok here we go
there is an explosion of flavors it's so
soft but it's absolutely incredible I
have a really fussy in regards of things
I don't like things that won't eat but
I'm happy to give everything a try and I
can safely say that so far this
restaurant the first time a game and as
well as now there's not been something
that I haven't like I say evenly the
ice-river start with actually beautiful
thick beautiful it's just a bit
overwhelming because I don't eat oysters
and I don't know how to eat properly
that sort of things work
this suit is in radical I feel like they
also need to just give another shout out
to mark who's been making the drinks all
night
I'm not asked for one single particular
drink such as that on that because he's
been just giving me a random drink every
time like serving me a drink at all this
was an old-fashioned kind of drink
inside an apple and then Marcus like
came over and a chat with him who's
going to make me another drink now and
I'm not picking what the drinks are it
is randomly selected so I've got a
random course of me like who from the
share and running cause of drinks from a
wine incredible bartender now for what
their most famous bar of handling this
is blue lobster look at that one but the
way the blue of spirit comes we'd like
and the random stop getting remote if
it's right now because it's so much
stuff but that it remains indirect alive
to playing but an you supposed to mix
these together for like an overall crazy
experience and also don't mind my
apology
I'm finished entering it was incredible
he goes
that's just a way it makes fibers and
here we go German eating like a king
tonight and max back in it again with an
incredible incredible drink also
something to do with cucumbers so let's
find out how they on the fish there's so
many your sauce mine try ask myself when
I actually sleep but up a deep Cathars
bill a very cut up I now have some self
goofy chief I tried to nail that with
even more pieces of golden what is going
on and also some saw they absolutely
beautiful I'm gonna ruin it by going
straight for eating the piece of gold to
see if you taste any difference I'm
going to peel it up like this I'm gonna
I'm gonna eat gold
yep student says I got him
little palate cleanser hmm can't
remember it is but pineapple in it
forgot it sour
this restaurant is amazing food service
drink everything incredible haven't
quite yet reviewed the bathroom this is
a big admirable away let's do this cup
with there's no in there you kidding me
it's three three holy me this is really
my office back in the home as you get a
prize vinyl at Euler each what this
means and the funky a mirror
yo this this this this restaurant row
tonic double that toy will get the ten
out of ten especially because it doesn't
have one of those guys who helped you
with you so even though it Nobu the
other day I was like it's nice because
they have wood and you they don't
aspirated and you can't give it up nice
for I preferably without it so that's a
tenant about my diffuse phrase one
absolutely incredible
edible restaurant no clamoring I'd love
to see some live performances I don't
even know any piano players we receive
you wonder I'm signed to look like a
hoarder
I've got to fix I've got three drinks a
latte what whatever the heck this is a
little bit lipstick by the way my phone
charges to describe the life of Tom and
there's beautiful dirt this is what I
had a lot of time as well I don't think
in your life knew I had this thought and
more than having ever again it was
absolutely are just even more gone I
love that at the end of the night
chilling here with a chef a Greg thank
you once again so much for everything
well it always ends up coming back to it
he plays video games oh it's long though
he's got married with a kid full-time
chef and still managing to find five
hours at the end of the day to play
video game or you'll be a true gamer I
am sort of it once again I thank you
very much for everything thank you so
much we will be back and I'll have to
send you a swag package a video game
stuff okay
my thank-you to him Oh what an
absolutely amazing today you're the man
you're the absolute man you know who you
are I cannot express how amazing tonight
was staff erect with the food was of ten
or ten I just had such a good night and
I'm so glad just on the inside I got the
entire staff together for a group photo
and then what you're more than welcome
back anytime you want so I'm just really
happy right now
thank you so much appreciate my vlog was
50% uploaded it's now three hours later
three hours late my vlog was 50%
uploaded and it went to midnight and
because I've now checked out a full day
and it caught on and cancel the upload
so two fails at loads for yesterday's
vlog three hours late and I am need to
lead to the airport now and there you
have it a switch into my insignia sure
Atlantis Dubai it's been incredible I
have to go now I've now got an hour and
a half before my flight boards I'm
probably going to miss it because I was
uploading my vlog if I do then it's just
that's just life but you know what it's
been amazing here the staff have been
absolutely incredible I cannot wait to
return and these guys seem to love the
fact that I'm talking to myself so I'm
just going to throw them in the vlog
anyway there you go but amazing honestly
and Linda all the staff everything in
spreadable absolutely incredible act
kevin wanna go on holiday your family or
anything like that i recommend if that
was not paid or sponsored or anything
like that to come here but i would
happily come again with a wife with a
fucking grandma with bad dad with my
granddad i'd love to bring them all here
so atlantis Dubai
thank you so ever I had got an exacta
fire I didn't like and as I wouldn't
smell and it's cooked up bad that the
taxi driver put the word dis out a loan
is due by you have been absolutely
amazing I love you I will be back thank
you so much now time to fart on the taxi
driver one more time I'm gonna get you
all I finally sold it got the rules from
my old boys at the Royals Royce
character little fans coming up here is
the Lamborghini garage of Dubai check it
out look at it
a Goldmember game again bitch never seen
me a muhammad eeny seems in my outer GG
riot Diane Diane my entire terminal 3 we
meet for the first time I promise I
didn't mean to from I did not mean to do
that
I apologize good looking good night
brother stealer alright I have made it
to the airport and holy crap it is nice
whoa Joe Johns work this terminal 3 shit
on my terminal 3 whoa oh I'm going to
heaven no I'm okay that was really loud
and these people sat on the bench that
was extremely fucking that was good and
in see the people out you bloody better
like this place is fucking huge look at
it just keep going going going going
well my hand luggage is only supposed to
weigh in kilograms it weighs 12.8 the
Gannet security over there gave zero
tips
it's not because I'm smuggling all the
cupcakes and biscuits own prowess hey
none of them it is indeed dick trains
are taking you to gauge a a fine also
Ron I love you to pieces that I carry
your watch everywhere but he did say I
can change the strap on it to anything I
want and I will do because this one
takes a long time to take off to put on
and take off something you look putting
like a class belt for class one night
like a clip one kind of like this so I
might have to go to bright Lincoln see
if they can do it I've been on this
train
I don't know where it's taking me I
don't know I'm never coming back
first of all we just do it because
because I'm a look at it I'm pretty sure
it just a neurotic anything ah here we
go another fancy long walk to get to my
gate I'm at gate a five I'm pretty sure
according to Ron's watch I'm gonna go to
that by now but according to this watch
I haven't our employment there's a
big-ass waterfall and the biggest
elevator I've ever been in in my life
would be huge
they're so pretty
thanks how pretty I'm Johnny
ah today hahaha that's actually the one
I used to have that one right there in
the middle what's out through circle
they got stolen by a cleaner in New York
all that one but damn man it looks
disgusting and no diamond damn it I want
to see the one with iron ore we go to
Manchester a six gate open fucking
perfect I'm pretty sure that's the plan
I'm getting on at the same time I wish I
was getting on that plane
oh my god the a380 from hahaha
I'm out of a window seat look mom no
hands oh here we resist
goodbye Dubai okay go first thanks very
much appreciate it
next stop is going to be Manchester
England
so I guess howls you guys then I'm
actually gonna end this blog now and
then staff walk because it's a new day
it is actually three o'clock tomorrow
and so I'm going to start recording now
as a new day so thanks watching make
sure you like rate subscribe and
hopefully more adventures to countries
like to buy in the future so I'm going
to go and die back there the pretty
empty flights are making our ropes
myself or a window seat so a crew prefer
or also well that's act so next time
thanks watching subscribe to share with
your friends an Italian
