boom beautiful deigning and he says that
but apparently it's got a thunderstorm
today either either way my shirt for
today is the white origin shirt it's
half British half American flag not as
many sad the statin iron and boy does it
make you feel proud right you little
rascal you've been scratching all night
and you know how I know you have to look
at this
he's been scratching this all damn day
don't understand why you better stop it
is it you better stop it right through
my plan of action today is to get in my
car brave to Allison my mom I know I'm
going eight for dinner in upper ml take
back my statement about it being a nice
day
I'm away here at the bloody rain whoo
crowds come from well explain yourself
all right guys let's stop judging tompa
this shirt was a small and we all know I
don't wear small do i mediums because
I'm getting big in life okay right so
mum could have a medium origin sure
please fight look at that I should come
here every day naked and just get
changed waiter we could intro them what
do you want Lisa same shoes my first as
a baby shoes no wait why are you compare
them to these shoes these are not even
mildly their size wait what they were
mine am i where's the fantasy not do a
boy's shoes
ha ha ha ha yeah you see anything
everything was this see this baby go
you kept in such good condition no you
were sick on it quiet
Oh show me choose me outfit I miss
Nelson this is truly going down memory
lane - odd what wait a minute if you got
shoes that look like bones why did I get
a dress like a girl wait that's it me no
I didn't solve it I think that was your
Christian outfit oh you just sitting
that one day there you got back a little
bit favorite
wait what is that that's not my
Christian outfit you wanna be stayin
home no Chris day so make sure my
Christian outfit that's not weight she
gets these fuzzy ghosted I get that
Thank You Shirley oh look at the
heartening Oh kill him
whoo-hoo kill them and that was not
first that go small wanna I was tiny I
came out your belly like that big oh god
I've got such a weird smirk of a place
that's so cute and weird mmm
hey come on birthday boy live it up in
the birthday month to be fair we've all
got really small cars so our drive have
you got enough room back there 12 hours
well you look great
a luxury goes unless is oh I don't think
we'll need it though
hi Josh where we going
what about my birthday what's the place
called me bridge well is that where I'm
at the ginger football yeah what's it
called James Gary Neville
no he's hatching G skulls whole ternopil
school wonderful see you again
each bit why'd you do anyway Oh what to
me oh okay second ago same is raining
now it's just absolutely gorgeous
good choice Alice marina up a now I was
inside you need some help I shouldn't
even be played by me but she's lovely
just jumps on Makara bumps into Elliot
they said they can recognize the car and
the license plate and wait to say hello
actually gorgeous weather and I don't
know whether it's like the schools have
been loud but it is extremely visit and
I'm going from you but by ramiz its
eatery okay Rick we're in for one more
one more
yep get my glasses off right now
good-looking many Theon tandoori chicken
me the phone man oh poor girl
okay this is a good menu obviously I'm
not drinking so I can't get it got me
rockered I'm gonna graph the coke the
care my mom that's a really good showing
sandwich thanks oh yeah
that's beautiful you hear the fuck
that's a really nice-looking sandwich
but it's not as good-looking as this oh
my gosh I'm so happy I feel so British
right now I'm basically hiding like
cheese and crackers two o'clock in the
afternoon I'll tell you up it's good
cause you're scared oh my gosh delicious
car how's yours I was hoping you were
all gonna say well I said a reusable
okay oh man looks like the windy honey
are you all them little bit real good
how does mom delicious got tiny'mon come
show me back
tell me about I got what I'm sayin see
in the mirror you know I'm gonna flex or
not
apparently Alex's car got really sweaty
back if you got threat now you back sack
and crack
oh well defended oh you ran away here
I changed after with a cop I know how
sway was it Oh God
I'm putting this in the blog right now
I'm trying to hook my viewers off and
don't get wrong they do do it a lot look
why do you guys just not listen to me
yeah well I think you the brains behind
the organisation but is not gromek yeah
yeah you're the wallet where the grommet
I can't even buy you gonna I couldn't I
couldn't say much I can't watch it right
now you buy it if I no harm ago realm
for the record I've actually tried
firing them several times and the next
day they just all it and I not so do you
fire before Ali
it's probably your is just over here it
alright if I hide you right now what
would you do
where would you move your gaming it uses
trying up the brains to customer
an equal wage you should get paid no if
I did fire what job is that you do next
like straight away from retirement I
don't know you have a big Cal if you're
watching if she doesn't get fired you'd
have a baby talk about you you guys have
already got one you guys are ready for
me to buy you a crappy after the baby is
that like after you say you having a
baby but I can't hire you because you're
pregnant what no you wouldn't cheat on
me like that
take that back take that back right now
oh you're going to savages which you
wouldn't go work for another youtuber
you mom would you work for another
youtuber at least mums got loyalty where
it counts what if i factor yeah cuz I
could you go listen to me
oh ah oh you wanna play that game Lou
you want to play that game do you
I'm trying my luck and your snapchat me
what you know some walls for my other
makeup that's not John you volume you
loving you snogging me no yeah yeah the
camera doesn't lie don't tell about them
we're doing today I don't want a white
t-shirt today you know imagine for only
oh if only I wasn't wearing a syndicate
original origin sure available up here
original dot-com
Oh waitress quid for it is it not yeah
I'll do it
that was that so anyone who's ordered
from now on themselves look at me I feel
like there's one person out there I like
to think of yes t-shirt for an ardor so
your often therefore need to look I'm
not telling you when we come in and I've
put an order in for some royal t-shirt
what does anywhere else eh I've got a
new color combo coming do I need white
one with always baby giggling oh okay
your final biggie look at them oh my god
they're adorable
oh I'm just friendly she said stop
looking at me like that man detective
took a little duckling
now watch it hello you know oh oh oh
okay
it's got good perimeter to be honest and
oh it's okay
no no I'll occasionally Oh stroked its
soft yeah go for it you know I speak
generally
go on I hope you get attacked oh it's
got its mouth open
okay now it's me you guys goodbye a lose
my cow uh-huh
okay to that care to explain you know
even gain that side oh I love this car
I do love it sorry sorry dropping off
the word is it syndicate original then
I'm taking a tactical poo before I get
in traffic to go meet uncle I'm at the
Chopra Center so yeah sharing that kind
of information with you
go and get it go get your package
Gandhi's hair it's don't expect kids
that's what it came like doing the two
original high five
enjoy your goo what fuck okay go now
okay bye yeah goo goo goo goo okay bye
good bye come on oh thank you yes yeah
yeah that might like you kids mom you
keep the milk ship spoke okay bye love
you more best sister in the world
who
again there's no peace
sadly ours Milo tell me I'm taking a
minute before self-driving I've eaten
food and everything but I am wrong it
wasn't that which died yet but like I
feel like shaky a bit a bit light to be
honest I don't I don't know what it is
I've been drinking water like what's
water where we just were but I feel like
I feel a little bit asked to be I some
just can't take a break before I Drive
or Oh like shaky I don't know it's buddy
wrong with me mate I just nailed the
petrol station I went got a chocolate
bar as well but look how much I nailed
it I wasn't even looking at the number
on the pump I just like turned around
fifty quid on the door will come with
two mushy kit got chocolate bars just
like raise my sugar levels I think might
be a little bit low so I was absolutely
crazy it took me an hour and a half to
get to the Trafford Centre not impressed
by that but whilst I was saying traffic
like doing literally six miles per hour
I look to my left and someone was like
looking at me and I like looked away and
look back to be stalking me so I just
read like to let onto and then I'm back
I was like really
and as I just pulled up to the cap back
the same people then - walking away
right there they just got married but
what's even crazier they got married yes
it was even crazier and made a video for
that guy with his wife when I was out on
a night out so I finally got spoken to a
person at a forward and wish him Oliver
he's gone returning his wedding to you
right now put something even more
amazing than a marriage and vibrancy
families bump in in Alma Keala gonna buy
a new pair of skinny jeans I am
mmm next thing I'm going to go into
Breitling that absolutely just they have
any diamond work watches that means that
the ones are like diamonds in it but
it's officially called a diamond one
episode but I think you take me
seriously with my foot pops off and this
is all they have
well actually no it's not they have this
one as well it's gorgeous but it doesn't
have them on the side oh you'd wear them
me that's like a song but for them I
knew what you were doing
no put them down and step away
what if I buy you then if you wear that
you know why not and the backup comes
with it well boy please
bad as usual my favorite like going out
t-shirt is like all fence about I 5 all
furniture the plane is pictures ever I
cannot wait to make my own Simba
coverage alike nightlife Cornell shirt
so it's only a matter of time before I
get them don't think some of you always
watch a 200 quid for pair of shoes with
a Penniman made some of you want get
them right now stencils they actually do
I'm not all right
you lie to me are we supposed to pass
for me like how does it look I don't get
it
you tell me how they're supposed to work
they've got a badass logo on them and
what today Billy I'm with Joe I'm gonna
find out no fine now
you can just do a quick boxing I'm not
so Jimmy not much time to user fix at
work doing square hundred Riddick your
mate they're pretty nice you know on
alright let's forget since everyone's
yeah I'm going to show you how you I
guess how much it is personally yeah get
a number gone six thousand forty six
thousand for the biggest one six grand
for the biggest one go and take a look
go closer go closer read out loud
oh my I'm with it six thousand pounds
rod I'm not trying to be a high beast or
anything but within one pair of ultra
boost trainers that seem I've always
liked but never seen in wherever you can
get and they might have them in my color
my size and we try them on and just see
because I've been told and the pride
them on to be the calm for today
now that we welcome Charlie I don't want
the color
I don't know about that by the way I've
heard that a third I'm tried them on to
be the comfy issue ever so obviously as
if every much time yeah
yet what but nah I don't mind them
Marley okay head John I like it hey what
about these count count stephannie
puddle and then they your crit fuck that
wait I've got them on and I like them oh
my god they are Oh
comfy oh my given failure you can't wear
these with Oxfam you can are they
comfortable without sort of you have to
wear them or all by then we're all like
make it women's up aren't wearing socks
though that's a great but they are mega
come to them not I think I'll take a
pack on the column what time is it I
don't know what sanded it
speaking understand oh shit we want
plasticizer but I think did a pretty
good job even though the sucked they can
outside to cook it and even more I like
them I really don't know sigh them so I
think I'm going to have to go for some
of them like really really stupid like
tiny ankle socks that is why I do these
truly on a fun of them because they're
stupid stupid comfortable I really don't
like the fact that I have to wear socks
to them
I'm sure if I wear my boot cut jeans
I'll be sorry but yeah I really not a
fan of happening to do this or getting
or by my ankles um I thought I would
really like you stuck and I really like
what if I just start a new fashion of
wearing socks any groups they get away
with I could be called a sock booster no
no good order thank you Tom accom is in
order
got it read click onto that ship in
order that very bad shit you're now more
like it look it up yeah that bad boy on
them and a medium book why chicken
lovely fuck it all going on here yeah
what's going on
shit this is Reagan I don't know if it's
rainy or if the fountains making the
noise and here we see John McCallum
walking away in a while as a drain pipes
on and they're slowly escaping I
legitimately don't or apart macaca did
you prepare to die there is a time to
quickly drop off the merchandise got the
booze as well as the shirts right nearly
trappings I guess there's too much there
I'm leaving I'm going to quickly go on
feed Steven and then I'm going watching
then what I know I don't want to say I'm
going watching the moment how I feel
about it just because it's not Tom
Cruise and it's not Tom Cruise then you
lose I mean because it's Tom Cruise
anything if it is Tom Cruise then you
lose could it's the mummy if you guys
kill the original mummies like come on
scorpion kids look you know they will
shit movies but it's old G as hell so
you have to have whoever the original
act tours I don't sit Wow
I came down to feed Steve I don't think
you need feeding
you're not hungry because there's not
just one there and he's looking not
enabling you there's one two there's
three have you been friend well two
thumbs up to it you're fast even know
yeah yeah but the other you tell why you
making friends isn't he supposed to
eating is sausage don't do that well put
some this back over it we got some stuff
to scratch I don't come fresh all right
my naked friends even they are food not
friends what the hell man is cricket
have been to it what are you killing
okay mate these crickets have been and
locusts sorry I've been crawling up the
wall to the point where they've been
pooping on the ceiling it's not much
Steven you've got to start eating them
it's good to see the intellectus good
boy good boy
and this day gets even better because
the winner takes courses actually looks
beautiful when death comes round the
house just get nuked it in the sense of
everything is dirty
everything's out place and the bed comes
round and she's like Kabam looks like
new again
if he steps clean a step cleaner carpet
look at it not a single footprint can be
seen on here and was the bedroom well
look at that clean as a whistle
alright who'da Audrey that guy I don't
know series but he met in movie theater
soon on the line I'm going to tell his
black town car
I'm just messing with you probably my
neighbor yeah I just went for that event
or completely missed all right later
John
well yeah song has been out for ages to
mine
apparently I'm watching it in IMAX so I
know I'll take it I totally didn't
really just fell over and skull match it
I tell you right now I'm going in IMAX
on my decided screen which is a saline
ok the movie it was a really good film
shot beautifully the visually incredible
but it all just seems like it's a huge
set up which obviously is for like a
universe of monsters demons and evil
shit so I like it book I don't know
I don't know how attend about seven oh I
just scrape the underneath in my car
I've added it oh nasty
thank God you can't sit on the edge but
as a nasty scream home sweet home
and have I got a surprise for you beef
ramen
never Adam before let's see how this
goes yet it is like quarter to midnight
book I'm hungry
oh the hell oh why you then how am I put
it in this thing I don't know a lot of
these boys I don't I'll be about that's
all end result looks pretty good but
okay doesn't smell like super noodles
anymore
but it just doesn't make me think daddy
ramen it makes me think and look super
noodles fucking out a lot burst of
attempt Darlie ramen be forever
not bad but they're not as good shaking
the plasma fire London go up as a bad
idea
stop it's time go away no fire I don't
even know I did that pushes statistic to
but I sewed it at home stupid
and on that bombshell ladies and
gentleman I'm going to end the vlog do
not do that at home it was really stupid
and it should happen that the two
combinations of things worse at right in
front of me so I always musta left it
behind
and the lighter either from one of my
friends smoking off all my candles
because I do not smoke so I don't know
what I was doing in my house anyway I'm
going to end today's vlog facially
likely to subscribe and ding dong that
Bell dong I don't know what that means
but see little subscribe buttons or bell
next to it click it and you get out a
notification to put a post the video
yeah apparently it's helpful so goodbye
if you have a wonderful day
and if you're watching this vlog right
now tomorrow being the 23rd of June is
going to be my 24th birthday so I'm
really excited for it I need to trim
this random bit of hair off here because
it's not mustache just maybe it just
looks weird and yeah start over there
really excited to see what the day holds
tomorrow I'm really really excited
actually and yeah 24 years of being on
this earth madness if we can hit 23,000
like reins on this vlog the day before I
turned 24 and then tomorrow hit 24,000
like race on a ball that would be
amazing it's always us adios
