I'm in bed right now and that's not
supposed to be where I am I've missed
out two appointments of what I'm
supposed to do today and it's two
o'clock in the afternoon I should
probably get out of bed push the gate
God you look nice where were you the
other day oh I don't I think I was out
of the office or something like are you
come around
yeah I went in you coming in you've got
some cream in your eyes I'm gonna say
you can't keep your eyes open mate wash
your eyes out your tissue or what's the
tissue does across the water stay
hydrated I'll get your tissue right I
usually only wear black why not because
I think I'm like some coffee man Vampire
Killer and it's not just because I
particularly like it but in this weather
that's probably not there the smartest
of options also neither is standing here
bollock naked at my sheep morning chip
so today's choice of syndicate original
is going to be the 1337 in white just
look at it it looks all creased because
I just pulled it out of that cupboard
right there
banana should the hell is going on here
it looks like I had some weird sort of
odd you my bed last night what I think
my gun that has an agenda today are you
doing go on then let's see him let's see
him there you swimmy trunk I'll go and
take a little suppose he can get in it
as you tell algae cells to swim I'll
show you how it all works women all
right yeah shortage why on earth are you
SAP like that that's one of the weirdest
ways of everything you're looking you're
Kimberly what's not I think he actually
may be spooked by this fun cuz it's
constantly moving and moving and moving
and it's catching in well off-guard
don't worry look the look was just a fun
it's my biggest fan okay now is like nah
man screw this 10 yeah you see that but
we've got on there right once you're in
if you press it it'll push water right
yet now it'll be a little bit cool at
first but if you push it again it will
be even stronger okay you can swim
against it you in breaststroke or
whatever you want okay yeah I want to
play with some toys
it's dolphin I mean it's a whale no no
weapons a dolphin I think that nice
leads to it if you press this one it
turns on the
all yeah and if you press this one it
turns on the farming around the side
third this one away
hey yo yet come on jump in trust me
you'll be absolutely fine
go online draw on that quick spot you'll
be fine
you don't jump in in who says used to
melt and go online did night beautiful
it
a statistic this is your first time in
my living room yeah when was the last
time you went swimming the ages ago
right yeah soldier a perfect I know if
you swim old age depressive all right no
this is adorable
you look so happy ha ha ha you got oh no
it's going team in a second there yeah
I'm glad you like it
hey when I get back you better still
have your swim shorts on if you're
skinny dip it in here you're bad I ought
to be like that without faze me your bad
I do my granddad's enjoying being naked
my dad needs a pop Delta brand new
syndicate original office so let's
quickly go and do that and hope that by
the time I get back
there's no worth naked gun deaths hmm oh
my god the weather is stupid hot once
again but there's such a nice breeze out
today
mmm and yes I did forget hair job Oh
twenty-six point five degrees but in
this carrot build about 40 let's end it
on get these windows down and get this
AC cranking oh it's pushing out ha ha ha
this can't see but where is he we still
doing more building no way
oh wait I mean that's next door not here
and then we go Wow looking well nice and
white for snack it's like a blank canvas
whoo
yeah kids sorry the labor was later
misbehavior listen I woke up at 7 a.m.
was ready to start then fell back asleep
this is the latest update to SIDS
original office I think to fight oh I
think 3po first we used to run out my
mum's out then we got an actual office
and now we'll go in here so this is like
3.0 and there was a bit of delay because
whatever I think join us our
electricians or something I don't wanna
be Knight attrition
I think someone put a nail through a
wire in the wall
yeah mistakes and Jonah did a clustering
but faster than a cluster screw to screw
straight through very clear plastic
capping move and into before we should
put my hand on Daddy's water do you get
a lunch here
no there's no problem to it huh not very
safe but then it falls apart as expect
we know only local
well that was idolizing the kitchen unit
installed with whoo thanks Lou we
appreciate it and glad you weren't the
corporate we put the body now through
the electorate's electrics Oh
otherwise you'll be gone back section
afternoon I don't know if we're getting
a whole new bathroom or whatever is
going on but we're getting slight loss
this is an old precept tell you what man
my dad looks after me got me a nice tuna
pasta salad and it was bloody love with
and to go back up and see my granddad is
a naked and by the way I'm not joking
the whole nakedness thing I very highly
think my granddad would be
skinny-dipping right now for some reason
every time I said he say it's like a
joke he giggles in this kind of giggle
that's like a I'm going to do it and I'm
like better bloody not let's have a vote
right here in a comment section down
below whose power is nicer my dad's BMW
with pasta salad on my Audi TT no pasta
salad if we take the pasta side of the
equation that's BMW on my Audi TT let's
have a conversation in the comments down
below moment of truth
is he still in it reverses see I still
in it you join yourself you've been on
it yeah no way oh yeah
hahaha now see how much cool is that
when it's wide open
get a nice summer breathing beautiful
I'm so glad you're in the pool I can't
believe you've never been in it but at
the same time I'm very distracted
because there's a crow in one of these
trees the other crow that never got
assassinated is in one of these trees
like squawking at me I need to find out
where I do that's it's not there it is
there it is there it is home at me bro
you know what happens come around here
enjoy yourself how many years has it
been since you got in this room 407
great years really yeah hey well one of
you want to come round and get in it
you're more than welcome you know that
right okay thank you hey try to get some
after stood on that some some bird faith
of yours otherwise you will up nearly
got that on camera laughs you've been
drinking whilst I was good have you been
drinking
you bloody fish said daily guilt I've
cleaned the house that means I deserve a
pro pass someone granddad's gone and
I've managed to get my vlog edited but
I've just completely Falls DUP today I
was supposed to leave ago and what Shaun
get a tattoo down in Manchester which
would have been dope I suppose about my
dinner with my sister on mum which would
have been built but I didn't do that
it's Oliver and I were supposed to be
helping without my dad down as a job
form fortunately I missed that as well
so I'm going to get today's vlog
uploaded I just try and make the most of
the rest of this day today's words are
like 60 minutes long and it's gonna take
50 minutes to upload I cry same time
ever naturally so don't really care uh
well I was blowing the wad but I think
my internet shit died in my house so up
let me know we're back
yes step mine and that is completely
goof right now I have no idea what's
going on and that number for a burden is
only going up vlogs uploading in the
office as we speak so I'm Jeremy Steve
onside kicking back this is a wife shut
out we Steven a day
kenning speedos you've definitely got
the right idea that is it like one more
more oh is it
but is warm good in the heat to shake
you stay at you oh you know in England
joining oh my god that is nice hat man
they've done nothing all day and then
continuing to do nothing he's probably
just the way I need to do it
I still have an odd like a chill out day
today today today however I am having
Chinese food tonight so it makes my day
that he was there and now is it slowly
and neatly just crawling away clear
Boise City because that sideways and
he's seen summer that is slowly
approaching a me my dad can't work out
what is it try to approach like that is
a really really timid walk he's living
yeah that's a stealth or that even think
something's looking at him always trying
to get something and we haven't yet
worked out what he's doing is just
random stuff all the way there it's so
on all of it he never usually move we're
only going to leave
I know usually a fictive a looper more
where is he going
that dark spot to hide inside there
whoa what are you doing Steven oh I'm
trying to just get in I'll give them a
minute and then see what it does that is
quite possibly the cutest I've ever seen
speed it just puts himself away now that
Wilco behold is just hiding so cute
okay this is a last moment right now and
we're going to play a guessing game
I was the three golden bowls I've got
right here links which one is the most
reminiscent smell from a changing room
it likes football locker room anything
leave leave a comment down below if
you're like a guy and you can remember
being back at high school and done it
because I just put that smell on I'm not
too proud myself if you get links black
you're wrong
if you get links excite your own but if
you get links
Africa oh my dog he was so right I smell
like a 13 year old who just finished a
PE class and now absolutely stinks it's
not good but I just I don't know it
doesn't quite fit anymore
what you doing Steve hasn't done that in
a long time scratching at the edge of
his vivere and I can't tell whether or
not because I had him out yeah so much
fun out there's like a little kid like
let me ask them me out let me out let me
out or it's just like I hate it in here
let me out cuz I've never seen him done
that before if anyone knows Billy
dragons really well I'm sure another
answer since already my head but you can
let me know some advice in the comments
I'd really appreciate I'm now chilled
out in the shade lovely lovely hydrating
glass of water and ice waiting to get
picked up to go for some of the best
salt and pepper chicken food money can
buy so I'm waiting for my taxi and when
I get there we don't get said an awkward
moment when the taxi driver runs out of
petrol nonetheless I go to W :
I've just been thinking about how stoked
I am to go to insomnia Scotland I want
you to go last year missed out on it but
I'm going this year and my Scottish
funds though they're the best to the
point where I might never miss and
insomnia scholars I don't know no joke
I've been waiting over at like two three
weeks like nearly three weeks to go back
to this place
so I've solved our chicken
if you're in Macclesfield and you pass
them out dolls you're going straight
down this road admitted where I'm going
it's on the corner right there with my
name on it what I don't know no man if
it was spring garden get your asses to
that place right now I am so hoping it
yep
those are open e feed me all of it all
of it all of it all of us Dave
I'm already going can you serve me the
best type of chicken pieces cool
now obviously I can't film behind the
scenes in the kitchen cause of special
recipes and stuff on so you won't see
anything in there apart from the end
product so I'm going to now enjoy a
really good food and if you can get your
eyes to market field get there at ear
this place I'm talking about well when I
eat here are you in style by the way not
everybody eat behind the scenes it's
just because I came here film and then
steal the food mm-hmm well worth the
wait
maybe this food is absolutely destroying
that I've got like sweat coming down my
forehead it's not too spicy it's just
really hot and in England it's really
hot and look at the size of my ball so
that just just super understand it this
is so much food we've still got more to
go mate this is the true benefit of
having a friend who owns a Chinese
restaurant I can just help myself to
anything from the fridge so I'm going to
go for a dandelion and burdock Lord do I
want a road-legal quad bike I need to
find out how to get one even though in
the last clip you just saw it looked
like it was like 7 o'clock at night it
was actually like half-past ten oh now
that it was half-past nine I talked
about that but and then just went inside
went to bed watch Netflix and chill out
for the rest night so that's the end of
the vlog for today so Alice no either
good very grounded actually
skinny-dipping in the pool you
I think he I think he was gonna get in
the door anyway we're going to do in
today's outro so thank you very much for
watching
I'm too tired to do a gallery don't do
damage do it proper thanks very much for
watching
know there's a whole outro segment to do
okay thank you very much for watching
thank you very much for watching click
the subscribe button leave a like rating
leader subscribe leave a comment leave a
comment about this anymore
Alec did not like really she's okay sure
about asked are you showing up pregnant
what work that is welcome over your eyes
oh yeah how do us what Sonya when did it
unit what time to the tune or not though
thanks dad see tomorrow it's exam for
another daily blog 100 good god yes know
the time with time and sakura i
believing it 18 in geez I wish you hey
Lena it should be six o'clock but
sometimes it's seven whoa whoa hold it
nice Oh time tomorrow night I stick the
bitlocker
study off dude
