oh it's a beautiful day in paradise the
Sheep look tasty my legs look thirsty
what focus focus focus
ouch my shirt of chastity is going to be
the origin for Cara it's half England
has America and quarter light that mass
doesn't make sense but what the Lions
lamb that's our star in this day off
ladies and gentleman I just dream for a
two-hour session and you know what we
hit 41 thousand subscribers but you know
what we did here we hit what the hell is
he under buzz kick the hell out of here
what are you doing we're here
ten million forty one thousand 420 blaze
it subscribers crazy think about that
only just hit kemberly subscribers book
hitting 10 million for me is like
starting a fresh you might be like what
it's like the perfect number it's 1 and
the 0 rather than being like a 7 or an 8
or a 9 or something so if I to me
hitting 10 million is like starting
again fresh and new
so the way I'm doing my youtube channel
now my gaming channel is I've got 40,000
subscribers and I'm stoked about this
challenge crazy they've all got 2.5
billion on hey boy I feel like it's a
fresh start from of my gaming channel
and I'm really enjoying it and I'm
looking forward to the content that I
put out and I'm really enjoying
streaming and I told you guys that's how
I want to do my gaming channel when I
feel I'm making concert I made concert
and you know what people seem to be
enjoying it so if you've ever watch any
videos thank you
oh my god I had no intention of
yesterday's vlog being late but it's
5:19 right now the vlog is uploading but
holy crap it's a 36 minute vlog so it's
gonna take a while to load with my
rotator lifted to care for my new client
out my own film and gel right there some
careful this didn't know my music was
playing outside groups and before my
neighbor complains again but oh the
gorgeous day I hope the weather stays
good if it does were a rock and roll
and tell them see what we're doing doing
what we work the way we want and how we
do it right first of all we need the
weather's good so you better know I'm in
my flippy floppies come doesn't like
them
yeah entire encased off its rocker go in
a straight line
no that thing is done we've got mixes
we've got lady drinks there caressed a
call that's really life I like it and
then well do any you know notes lift
your like over the guild life I want you
to take it easy tonight here have a cup
of Bud Light good sesh Tom good sesh
okay great fresh all the drinks
everything you needed in the morning
every single kind of breakfast you want
I like how you walking up now the bill
comes well done mate make that is crazy
those ginger guys down there I've bumped
since them about two years ago and they
were up to here on me like that high now
the light off the hair on me it crazy
our community just grows with not only
time but with age and it's beautiful who
wears tight pants you wear tight pants
hello little cat well you know label
your fat how's your hand okay hold on
please exit premises exit exit princess
aut jars are breaking your phone
he was already cracked the other than a
gallon fingerprint Wow
this Apple camera but that's really
gonna hold up it cook so we were
supposed to come watch Cal play cricket
laugh and come well I'm pretty sure we
missed the game yeah that's great hey
Puli
nice hat my friend congratulations on
the win sorry sorry I wasn't here to see
it
awkward yeah it away no your arm is in
the way t-shirt oh okay now here's the
annoying child again I'm joking already
keep going I'm really good at football
you won't believe he nearly fell over
you won't believe how I'm gonna kick
this ball Wow look at the distance so
accurate oh god okay you can take back
away and with an exit aunt bunny oh
don't worry I'll mass is nothing
hi guys
okay I am sorry but according to the
critical we missed the entire game
tomorrow SWAT team a big way this is
beautiful the parking spot where the
barking so yes
watch out like a pretty good-looking
myself that's what I'm bloody saying
there's your beer because let me quickly
yes my pen oh yes thank you
can I see that drink - cunt - honey
please don't
I still got the two bones 18 right put
this in here and then what I'm two pound
eight feet of coupon 20 I'll get a five
man Yogi's there's chief on to a change
but thank God yeah I know new government
everything yeah I think we got a lot of
it no no no no you need to talk about me
I'm not no I'm never gonna bribe oh wow
you're thinking it's criminal change
climate reversible to our darling little
baby house is it just really I don't
welcome strings on Twitter you do that
song alright hey everybody
oh now you see anybody on the term rape
elbows oh oh oh gee ma I was a star you
it would not be on my dancing career on
my bed the executive fish you made it
worse are you drunk
you actually made to be oh whoa Oh
ginger shows up and shows leave Amory
but once that was just a bad part about
who you talk to is nothing she'll open
please don't have to face this myself
one golden heart
I feel really bad I just said I just
said I'll give a 5 at the anybody that I
get that
give me a rifle hey I think wait what
did you what are you what is that what
is going why are you hitting me with a
flag why Thomas my attention to detail
all right check the pie Billy Piper
oh you'll have a guillotine
you can lick all right are you ready no
no what oh come on listen are you okay
maybe on the bar baby raising the bar
with the ticket speaker well and you
know is it down
I doubt the first time everybody sake
2015 15 yeah they said I can do it oh no
Michael wait come back come on already
98 syndicate 20 to 40 and we may have
missed the entire game of cricket today
but you know what we're the last one -
yeah hey you look after that holy all
right that's my hoodie and I gave it to
him I know I gave it away of it what's
up boys I basically gave away the limit
edition hood it basically so you know
what I could give away what I work
always it's a clothing line that belongs
to the farm there you go look after that
man they don't they don't get made
anymore
I love owning the clothing line I can do
what I want
oh by the way you may say but Tommy you
own the company ours is completely I
just do bullshit manoeuvres to piss her
off to better you guys though let's get
brother oh look up yourself man sixth
entrance to this house is there boy al
where's Baldy locks in the sediment has
ha ha I mean brother
why you guys come to them are you going
get it high you're going to eat drugs
Anya up
are you not mateys hey you been shaving
up your servant and this shag but where
are you going
I even lied oliday what shooter what
this glad Don talk there's a bottle of
Lube alright then what oh is this your
room yeah well I hope I found something
that shouldn't go
well you but no wonder you're URI boy
dad's going to and the downer when you
join the military boy as well
what's that true in my damn review just
man sit down oh no wonder your dad knows
where to go and yeah
you better eat edibles launcher there
uncle Colin oh there you are yeah I've
gotta shoot this barb head works right
why are you doing lady bombs or my
sister
why are you doing the egg home Somali a
couple one
baby baby baby wait when did Jesus Bible
will captain place sits form Oh
I've noticed it before any pudding are
you right okay cookie boy of adorable
am i high enough
oh no kid wait I'll see one quick kids
cuz DOM is alright I'm everybody saw me
take you down it hey hey hey wait
Martino is still here the record I do
not encourage people to drink alcohol we
like every Rebecca week exactly as I am
are we really back easy takes down an
eight 700 Chris will even go through got
a hello hello topic Allen it's like half
past 11:00 at night I'm dying my legs
broken a car walk I don't know if I can
make it home can you carry me please
absolutely boxes want what on earth is
going on I don't know my granddad so how
are we with the move are we Rhino rhino
oh thank you you drop the heart now you
drop the Hat why would you drop that huh
why would you drop the heart why would
you guys want I know what the fuck are
you doing
I can't be glancing out the book yeah
I'm sorry oh it you might want to take
off it cup we're not lost
that's a shit hash tell you know your
fiancee she's on the floor here I'll get
that Alice you died unrolled good
behavior Shh just died / - because shit
goes on their name where did the trick
oh my god
look at the finger but I regret put my
finger in his mouth
logic I'm plugging Hey wow you're
vlogging touch I'm vlogging wait I just
make sure you're vlogging well how long
you been blogging for oh no no you
lololol are to admit this is a really
easy fuck out Nate this is a really
better way of getting around at night
I'm gonna need to a good answer if you
would like to seem to get rid of I'm
good - citric original calm by your hat
now
you know what the thing is the best
thing about what we do okay
who da fuck yeah I think this is why
people love us the back
like seriously up for money my community
is like soldiers foot because it's just
family in it you know what I'm not many
your friends are doing the more and more
I do YouTube the more and more I follow
other youtubers and I know this sounds
weird but it's like people don't like I
look around I love numbers of girls and
shit
oh I don't like that the social game a
bit of know this person because of this
another this bit of it like I like good
people
I'd like Jo Jo so Saeng shocking ledge I
like people like ali-a the fucking top
bloke Dalek kitty because he's a top
what I like good people and all I'm
going you know what I hate people who
say KS Isaac on and you know what is
actually not I cannot wait for JJ to
come back just because he is a top books
in real life and he does not like the
fact JJ does not like the fact that
people think is a dick
he's not I've known him for a long time
and he knows man only covers reference
to the one they realize yeah but I I
want to definitely think I'm the same
person he look like uh whatever or your
tie now you little fuck
don't step in my ass okay I'm gonna find
out to be working on it but no you
should let them tell me why you're on
okay they're in to follow kind of you
panel here smell blog Oh God sigh you
know what guys
what glide this video to the live one
yes all right run over she vanishes army
I where we realize there's a fence post
no she's got a light
July like the most actually about my
vlogs is it's genuine like true life my
sister is it our fucking fake I say no
more yes yeah no one's ever gonna hire
us how about you I was in the middle of
something right then why were you in the
middle of you liked the video why are
you pointing the camera why you going
okay subscribe and go to syndicate as
I've come for your merch baby cuz you're
look give you a job are looking out ah
it's not out rather nice but even start
I could be your own joke oh yeah so
thank you I don't care whether you're
not racial or ginger or Asian or rhino
wasted white dosage do whatever you need
to do to get outside my house okay
no it's not a place for socialism all
right oh no I can't I can fucking good
so why why you've also really trans love
funny one wha-what is the most important
person in my life
there's no right doodle okay I'm not
talking it back King that's the knee
Becky what Wow is that your full name we
shout friends my childhood ah
what are you pregnant are you having a
baby yeah that's what I do not know
maybe 1 o'clock in the morning and I'm
trying to shave off this that's not bald
pot and that is my run bitches no shame
often which you are laughing about five
seconds
good night my Zen exercise burn you know
the bottle patch that's just my hair not
being able to grow because look I've got
a straight line down across ball
I don't I don't get it however the hair
has been trimmed we clean it away we
feel fresh leave your trims for the blog
for the blog some where did you come
from
take this okay now say something
bloody hell how brings up second
milkshake oh my god what everyone global
you know what you did
yeah that's right get down on the ground
maybe but from here man
why you're holding it for the visa and
yeah you know you don't buy the jet you
call or chat respected Ali ramen noodles
all right it's working super noodle I
don't see another where this last look
the grass lock reopen all of it today
you're just somebody's unhappy in
following my transaction to the Indian I
guess what you don't get one but let me
clean up this mess now where's brewing
an inside pocket of Samuel oven ah yeah
what my hand ready for you
what on earth are you doing I don't know
I like trains ok by now we should note
in open I wonder if I am living jamison
down here oh no they found the biggest
bottle of my life this is just hard work
and the struggle but you know what
consumed just please clean that wall he
says Oh to me sort of earth and sea for
the devil sends the beast was rough
because he knows the time he shall let
me hit let me him who has Lundy standing
Legion the number of the beast is 666
ok great Asli website
I'm a I'm a cookie
you're not picking
goddamnit
do you steal more of my noodles I will
actually put you in the face you are my
sister I have the right to do that
stop stealing my noodle oh no it's
almost like I'm fully Cookie Monster's
oh no I don't know it sounds like I have
closed eyes oh my oh I was some boom oh
my server somewhere I feel like crying
today oh my god
oh and I'm good now I'm good I'm good
look who's naked you're naked in your
neck are you naked tonight I got a
comment on the one guy who is a naked
that's nice honey summer I was not
expecting not to find out like that
turned out to be an awesome night Alice
have you enjoyed yourself it's been good
we means been good cow it's been I've
been good
yeah but wensley be it said I've been
good oh yeah boy well sure I'm sticking
it all got a bit weird just said on my
penis
did I just hear I was done with your
penis
yep okay now I'm gonna get out now her
on that alright alright not point I'm
going to get out now so thank you very
much George it makes you a little like
rain subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. today give all that
done I start by saying but I need we say
oh why do you sound like the most
reasonable good I actually was looking
awesome okay oh oh my god it's like wait
look at this was with a lot people
struggle but chicken summer rubber i
bicycle to better cope gather rubble
could we just we just take a second to
look up it's a library fucking daylight
beautiful beautiful you know what it's
pure it good job' fucking light blue
it's a Darby lovebird right bro we don't
do this often
it's amazing we we look like we have no
necks
we don't just we don't say I tread the
red today I'm like yeah soldered
hahahahaha or two heads with floats in
here this is like a good time to end of
load them is this amazing beautiful Sun
what is it Tom I saw every second ml I
put a little net and you guys watch it
my name's worth and I'll see you soon
beautiful then we have fun time we have
other like prunes I don't have any um
look at that oh wait I got pretty hungry
so thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a light-gray
subscribe are as always oh I wish I
could give you enough time but I looked
my hands in the world face was there
sorry Austin I wish I could put the gum
laughs and I don't wet it by the way but
not always right another hot and worked
out the Mamas I've learned if it's
alright great so I'm fucking in it
Oh
