we find this in here and we leave the
apartment turns out my Bloods now three
hours late so I'm going to quickly go to
the business and upload you is my laptop
and things of course the room the colors
doesn't crucify me to my office for the
next four minutes they say four minutes
hoping that the internet in this place
is still fat as all hell so if I didn't
find this business line this wouldn't be
demeaning that my blog was three hours
late anyway and then another three hours
to upload it moments oh my gosh and even
at the same moment of truth download is
very very impressive but we don't care
about that we only care about that
upload so please please paw again for
reference on the first day I got here it
took me three hours took Lord walk I'm
now starting to upload the vlog and
except it's only going to take three
minutes look at that look at that going
look how fast that is going up Wow
John how fast one then what's going on
should have it up three and a half hours
ago I'm a joke oh this is a convenient
train gosh what a way to try and start
the day
God get him uploaded hotel room got a
size two o'clock in the afternoon now
I'm not done anything I wouldn't lay by
the pool and chill out but I'm really
tired so I'm going to be a grown man and
take a nap I took them up it's now 5:00
p.m. at night and it's still something
so I don't feel like I've wasted a day
and thank God that cabinet is there in
the mirror reflection otherwise you
would see me bollock naked right now it
is actually crazy the response for this
gentleman right here you like
you're the pinnacle of what men want to
be about 36 he's 36 years old
everyone's always asking for even your
own audience to watch some my vlogs
couldn't believe you're 36 years old
deeper with a heckler
ah shit this is what I call poolside
chilling spins out like that
like obviously it was only a matter of
seconds before my lord got involved
mr. water uncle what a great guy I think
I just threw up a little bit Angelo
mid-conversation bothers me when I
needed them so basically like what my
most hated car is the piece shit BMW i3
and Angelo got into a car accident and
you have the pride of driving around in
it I have to get in it I think I'd
rather it but this is officially the
first food I've eaten all day
why does it always come with a call I
don't get it this is probably not gonna
be the proudest moment of my life he's
retrieving the vehicle I don't know how
to like a fish
get it together we are going out where
is it where is it was around 2:00 super
don't want to get in it would you be
offended if I am she ordered an uber
instead okay tell me a positive about
this car
what's a good thing about it very fast
after one and then what one is it what
is it cut out I like 55 of them at about
this well we're saying it's about a mile
across
I like to count okay anything else do
you like the look of it do you like the
look of it very much reminds me of its
rim this
oh yeah okay okay okay and what color is
it that way whoa not like a tie this is
happening nice color but Kelly I'm gonna
have it on again this vehicle that's
right you hang your head in shame I was
walking for that traffic Oh No look how
ugly this garrison is like someone to
convey him to be one one regardless but
it's spacious using your going to power
the car okay this car just got respect
for me I never thought I'd say that but
like look at the door look how you open
the back door where is it whoa cool okay
that's pretty dope man it's got growing
on me where are we going
Andrey answer me on high Korea what call
roll what is it with you
you guys chose a really good five to go
to
oh yeah oh oh yes okay so that bar we
were just in right then yeah we thought
it was an actual bar bar like a called
violet high bar
no it was a private venue for a singer
tonight but she had us tight baby oh
it's a Bentley with yellow trim around
the bottom and convertible Bentley under
yeah you're joking me the next bar we've
gone to a different F type book silver
made I like I like the f-type but if it
hasn't got four exhaust this may be the
most depressing thing other the film
this poor climb has wondered in some
water and we just trying to get out how
do I help this go go I'd only get water
on these wings gone they're gone you
just keep pushing a wall forward I can
save you go on you dry yeah no I'm gonna
stake it right I'm gonna go go over them
trust me you'll be a made all the water
gets sucked up which is so good right
and yet this is still attached
Oh what what one woman dumb yes all
right
I've got you buddy I've got you just so
saved right now oh they trying to fly
away all right you need to be put
somewhere where you can dry off
put your wing is soaked up try it by the
way can we just get a thumbs up on this
video prahalad amazing the quality the
Cameron look at that okay so yeah I'm in
this club I'm a little like a weirdo so
I'm going to save the fly who's still on
it I'm going to put it there okay in
your own time try yourself and far away
okay I believe in the body
okay we are power hopping in style right
now we're going to I think the most
bumpy club in LA where I know we're
going out for like right now we're
borrowing your style we're going to war
nope which is apparently all the club
where Justin Bieber and everyone goes so
give me a good nap which can be
expensive
oh my god there's no way I keep getting
that and you've also mine look at
yourself buddy oh I'm going to call you
Alexander
look at justified and Ursula I believe
in you my friend not speed along next up
the most expensive per plastic Club in
Los Angeles one of them was Justin
Bieber everyone goes oh my god not only
that big but the guy even put your
Twitter handle on it I'm sorry well not
exactly good toss
everyone am i talk anyone in the world
like a bump into right now in one oak
and it just just happened - speedy
motherfucker
hey girl we know that throw jalapeno
charlie hesitate feels to be it's going
to be emotional
the thing is I'm totally I'm hearing
like going right to the flames I try
calling the balls are named in the shop
you get you get scored an alcohol
swiping no bullet on the world we all
know your little drew that Joe you're
watching this right now and then we
watching these videos go fuck yourself
right now
yo UCAN a drink with me tonight head to
the fucking sky what now
this is the most expensive place or the
most hip type class go to because the
minimum table because you're a thousand
pounds
kind of fucked up but they're being a
good night and I cannot believe that I
bumped into jack corner and Mikey Joe
don't fuck yourself it's amazing it's
very quite good go fuck yourself he was
it this video you've never been here
before you walk downstairs and you look
up please tell me that does not compute
the fuck out in you there's me the
mirror but this is just like an obelisk
of wars mirrors more Murray and spikey -
applause tearaway for the record this
place that we're right now is one oak
and this is really like Leonardo
DiCaprio comes every weekend would be
helped so we were sat on that table
there I think that cause the people who
owned it about five run for your back
table because of two hundred and fifty
thousand pounds to say they have denied
relief running apparently the owner of
my Chester City say why why don't know
that because Tim Zeke like TMZ just
turned off instead
apparently he's here and as I have he's
never going on Monday decisions because
I don't get however the power just
pushed me away said that's why we only
wanted to say get the fuck away
all under 50 living hearts
Jaguar FA oh my god I cannot believe how
popular jaggery in America this is the
whole problem of life right now take a
cup of music under the car goes yes and
then hunt me this what the fuck is this
yeah tada thank you but all it's an
adapter it's totally fun okay
Craig good to see you brother
we're just like yourself you may be the
best uber driver ever because nobody has
an adapted for that so thank you very
much sir
and now we have to work out we're going
well to the ground bar and you may be
like oh my god
it's a grunts I wear you get robbed you
leave a strike oh you guys are going the
wrong way to the spa man a penny before
keeps you honest Brit
this is an existing England then no no
really been yeah this is thank you Karen
oh the fucking odd mix online and this
is our home for the night you will not
see any more video from this table why
cuz we're in I feel like saying Korean
karaoke so I'll catch you guys in three
hours and I'm gonna press a button vote
Oh title singular its language I tried
to type it in no fucking play one is
Ruger's eight is their British side on
the other side but now I have my don't
know where we are but apparently they on
one rule where we're going any insight
don't know street names we counts on
what we're doing and we counts on where
we're going so much love goodbye and
hotter food I tell you what it is
actually now
five o'clock in the morning no jokes
trails and this is what my life is
consisted of you member like Pokemon
were you doing so in La Paz clothes to n
but we genuinely went to an illegal
search good times with such good people
hello sober Tom here what drunk Tom is
trying to say is that in LA bars close
at 2:00 a.m. it's just like the drinking
line out here however for the first time
in my entire life of six years being in
Los Angeles we went to an after-hours
karaoke bar in the middle of nowhere so
tired I slept till 5 p.m. today and the
next time I have to wake up now
so whatever buyers and fly to the UK for
12 hours off alright it's weird I would
not share this video if it wasn't so
true but like I'm genuinely so tired you
tired now the bad way I love filming my
life I love filming this I love
everything but like I'm just tired
it's always so my hours a day I give her
English watchin sorry Gus oh my god you
can't believe it was trying to say that
basically is 1 hours drunkest vault and
- I'm probably still drunk as ball and 3
this vlog is late so I'm sorry for that
but you know what I went out till 5 a.m.
to the first time ever you might be like
what in the UK you can go out to like a
bar or some like that and you can go out
drinking till whatever that time you
want but in LA at 2:00 a.m. everything
closes down like closes John that's it
for the end of the night even if you
throw like a house panic summit most the
time the police turn up however we got
word of an underground karaoke bar where
you can drink to whatever time you want
and I've never heard of anything like
that existed in my life and we weren't
any was incredible such a good time such
good people such a laugh but I now need
to get this vlog uploaded go to bed go
back to bed I don't get available in
time I still go to bed wake up and get a
flight to the UK so
going back to England tomorrow it's
happening and that's just that and when
I take tomorrow I mean tomorrow's vlog
but I mean today in less than like four
hours I've got to be at the airport so I
should really not be naked right now
because I am and yeah this is a part of
life so thank you very much for watching
I'm sorry about being late I'll catch
you guys tomorrow
I'm sorry for the drunk mess Joe go fuck
yourself what amazing times the bump
it's a kind of Jack and Mike like just
it literally blew my mind I cannot
believe I bumped into those guys under
the record they're such good people like
I like good people through like you know
meeting feel like YouTube and stuff you
meet so many people who are just
pretentious tits but Mike Jack and
Connor such good people had such a laugh
last night and I'm actually I'm editing
the vlog I was so happy what shouldn't
looking through it such good people so I
had a really really good night last
night and yeah I need to get the hell of
so i'm swatching i love you guys faces
I'll see you tomorrow and I truly truly
apologize from long to be like the bus
two days not acceptable in the slightest
it's just really difficult when I'm
gonna like the vlog has to be up by 10
a.m. so say if I come back from a pie at
5 a.m. I have like less than 5 out like
I have exactly five hours into every
live
such as like I'm going this was a long
good to the end if you're watching this
comment down below saying potatoes and
salad us
you had me solidus and provided as well
on this unquote Harris goodbye solidus
what the hell does that mean
