there's an ambulance and a paramedic van
outside my office I'm really hoping that
it's not for the office but more
importantly I'm hoping that I'm nearby
neighbors are okay your new teacher ah
nice nice Wow Kobe Bryant's locals
looking really good really good really
it's actually quite nice actually I like
it with you on the back Oh signature
edition oh my Karl senses are tingling
my car says this who are you are you
doing all right mate chill oh go for
someone's boogie back baby back we're
going on an adventure
you know it's Dalton she did still know
hey rich why should we say mummy
barkings terrible oh yeah better
that's a good point your pocket you had
one job yeah
don't describe your wheels don't excrete
you oh it's okay I know one change I'm
changing where are we going what is this
ohyou is cafe oh then you're going to
coffee house and delicacies delicacy no
how do you say it
delicate delicate sins delicatessen yeah
do that
the fungi dish the something that once
you've got smoking smoking and I got the
bacon with mustard oh you know what
number it's right now roughly how some
delicacies coming I tried but did you do
that ah hey yellow tape yellow tape oh
she already knows oh you got a ticket ha
ha ha you clearly set a trend of bad
parking someone was like oh well she's
got a wheel all their must-haves a
parking attendant I could to be your
lives don't worry about me this is a
pretty intimidating sign thoughtless dog
owners we're watching you now not attend
dog owners clean up after that dog uh
you're the one who doesn't it's not new
it's happening give me a call I look
like a potato thanks mate oh when feel a
little bit of a different trim this time
I usually get my very very short cut but
instead I kind of went for a bit longer
on the top and a fade on the side so
hopefully looking less like a potato now
feel it a bit fresh you're feeling good
with that haircut but I'm getting sad
because as people know when once you
find your barber it's your barber he's
not my barber for the longest point does
a good job of cutting my hair but sadly
he's moving off to France suits so I'm
gonna need to find a new barber okay
alright look much younger nice and
trimmed and clean I think nice how old
did I look
Hey new haircut new me the sun's proper
come out oh my gosh you can actually see
green you can actually see green for
once in this lovely country it makes me
so much happier I kick truly truly makes
me happy to see the Sun I was here
walking my dog really should use this
thing more often to be honest when I
edit in the vlog I used to play
runescape at the same time but now when
I edit the vlog I just watched ninja but
you know what I love this guy I love his
energy I love everything about him and I
have nothing but respect for this guy
however this pump on pond dance or
whatever it is confuses me but I still
love it watching the weekly Q&A from old
school runescape and have a friend he
made okay made hey listen the click
excuse me Bev has just clean this house
okay okay she's just going this house
and she said it's very very messy with
all your body hair everywhere I keep
combing you but I think I'm about to
tell you to like a professional grim
posters watch this ridiculous don't get
comfy mate I'm trying to prove a point
quick jump down a second look at how
much hairs on me now that you just stood
off me
what is that about I've got this camera
that I bought microphone for remember
that I can't complain about because I
want to I want to have like it sounds
weird and what a little filming corner
over here where I sit on the floor and
just have this camera over here but I
need a microphone for the top of it now
I bought one what I do what you doing
what do you want to do I don't clue
where it is my dad moved it I don't know
whether Bev moved it like not a goddamn
clue so also my way I don't know my
other Chi is like I actually think about
lost it a key one guess
is it in here or forgotten here you got
tissues glass we've got an Xbox got a
camera no I don't know how we ended up
in my Santa sack there it is this Canon
mic that I've been trying to set up this
so long apparently I got so excited I'm
having what oh that's that problem soft
so let's try and see if we can set this
up and get this camera to finally work
him you figured audio because all the
time it just sounds like it's in a like
you're in a bath bath
it just sounds so echoey so let's have a
look at this introducing the canon
dm-100 with a fluffy attachment which
these are yeah yeah yeah I knew this was
gonna be a thing what could it was that
because this is toy for me just talk to
me it's not to stay away okay so not a
tight no we've got the instructions
probably enough to read them to never
say anything up front way and here is
the microphone it's quite heavy feels
like I like it when things are heavy I
know it sounds weird but it makes it
feel like it's a proper piece of kit now
it's pretty cool to be honest so does it
need batteries or anything like that I
don't believe so maybe just power on the
top of it I do is slide in it
you think you just slides it in slots in
but I genuinely don't think it does
great yeah yeah another microphone I've
tried to get for this camera that
doesn't work or maybe it maybe maybe
cook mainly wait maybe it maybe it maybe
it supposed to go here yeah I think it
was nice alright screw it down yes oh my
god I have a microphone this is the
microphone that I've got set up on it
now so I would do now is a little bit
the top view like hi guys nice to meet
you all this is the camera that I want
to kind of have so I can sit down here
for what to do a video I can just sit
back I'm a little backdrop of life my
paintings and my t-shirts and my
drawings that you guys sent in and stuff
like that but what else need to do is
now quickly test by unplugging this
microphone and see if it makes
difference so hopefully this sounded
beautiful and I look beautiful
not trying to be like weird there but
hopefully it looks good and sounds good
now this is the sound back to its normal
way of doing it with the microphone in
my hand and hopefully it still sounds
terrible and with this it sounded ten
times better I don't know if there's any
settings I need to change or anything
like that but it is what it is I haven't
really messed around with the settings
or anything like that so let's just hope
it was successful so okay yeah and now
again with the microphone back on so
hopefully it makes a difference if you
guys can tell if you can let me know in
the comments below and yeah I want to
start making sure I get a weekly video
uploaded onto the main gaming channel
using this camera I just love the way it
looks I think it's amazing hopefully
it'll sound amazing and we can get some
really cool shot so there you go I
happened to find my old fall but which
is just me photoshopped into things like
me photoshopped is the Queen Morgan
Freeman a monkey Garland
things are just terrifying yeah that one
basically and I really want some new
ones cuz these ones are from let me
check the dates when did you guys like
make these because this was back in the
days when I was playing like Daisy yeah
this is from this is from 2014 so this
is four years ago so I think I'll get a
bunch of followers I'll take something
like a clear background and then give
them to you guys like so my facebook
page and then the best Photoshop
versions that people do I'll give away
some free syndicate swag too so if that
sounds a pipe like a plan if you're good
at Photoshop or you know someone who is
get in touch of them and tell them to
get ready here we go we got streaming we
got there and the first subscriber of
the night a little twitch that your
subscribe mate for eight months in a row
legend say hello to the vlog so
everyone's going absolutely bombarded
Lee crazy saying hello to the board
alright and we're about to roll it so
this is this is how I do you know like
the subscriber giveaway for the woman
five five
alright so I click the Thunderbirds
theme to music which hopefully know what
are you ready two one boom and the
winner is grand pop but no wait good
grandpa
previous you I almost feel like he's won
a giveaway before in the past is that
true has he actually won one in the past
cuz he may have won two shirts now why
you looking suspicious no quit right
come on come on come on why are you
closed out come on
oh my god how much hairs on my my
clothes oh my god oh my goodness me I
don't know how I've got l7 left a bloody
house I don't know how I've got it I've
literally not left these walls so
unfortunately I've got like a flu coming
on so I'm gonna trip through it because
the worst thing you can do when you feel
ill is be like oh I'm just gonna stay in
bed all day you just got fine March
through it so I'm gonna try and be
better by tomorrow and if I'm not then I
will be in that bed going oh okay hold
on the last guys I have to enter this
vlog if you guys could tell the
difference between the audio I really
appreciate the feedback because you
might edit in software like when I'm
editing it the sound Pete's in that
software ridiculous it makes everything
sound like ten times louder than it
actually is so to me it's like someone
was going yeah shout in the entire time
when I was editing both sections so if
tell the difference it sounded good
can't wait to hear your feedback and
yeah leave some suggestions is what I
can do I've got the I've got the Chinese
candy video to do I'm gonna film using
that camera and then just some some
other suggestions of you guys so leave
none below and I will see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day of
log I think I will be streaming tonight
but I don't think I'm gonna be starting
at 7 p.m. because I've got some videos -
a little bit I am if you guys want to
check out whether or not I'm streaming
or not twitch our TV for just Anika
might be playing some pop G tonight bit
far night bit pop G and who knows maybe
some on that stuff so thank you very
much for watching love you guys ah see
us tomorrow 6 p.m. the next day vlog
said yes
