1:33 in the afternoon I should be eating
my breakfast or lunch right now but no
I'm addicted to ice lollies you know
what's worse than eating an isolate for
your breakfast off your lunch it's
eating an ice lolly alone hmm I have the
weird feeling as a presence in my house
this morning wonder what it could be
poor kid ice valet for the I didn't mess
around this garden did you get him right
on to it and it is today
nice you ain't got them yesterday yeah
off you killed this one no no no just
rip in yesterday's like I told my
granddaddy could have this little patch
here in my garden to do some flowers and
stuff next day you do it just pop it out
where's this one going yeah
fair enough straight line straight line
straight low work straight line okay
here I like it it made it very happy
already
the log is uploaded I can now head it
and I believe my grind I wants to take
you some looking very summery in that
thing mate
ja some sunglasses he got some fat fair
enough let's rock and roll sure how this
is happen but there's a bunch of junk
laid out here and it looks like a car as
smash around the corner and taking out
the sign it was part of the front of the
car here and the underskirt or whatever
is for god sake
bunch of tire marks on the road as well
so I don't know someone would be doing
like trying to riff around corners it's
a map there's all time max everywhere I
rang up the non-emergency policeman of
that you're doing later ones crashed
into it yet non-emergency you bring what
999 for emergencies and 101 for
non-emergencies to light report stuff so
I just Franklin was like yo Marcus true
signs missing and they were like oh yeah
we've had the report of it a woman did
see someone crashed into it and drive
off and so now helping out the police by
looking at my CCTV on the road to try
and find a license plates if we have the
person hit it and drove straight away so
traffic instance on collision whatever
you call it at least we know to be
taking out you have made it to certain
home I'm gonna been talking about this
for a long-ass time I should laugh
eautiful so a good job will go out was
also again and center
it's my front tire they're happy where
we want to be going so good haul right
swing the right kinda swing that right
Wow being a sheep in those field for the
alcohol with Lana
nothing and we've made it so sure what
that's about but we've made it to Sutton
Hall hopefully my gun dad says to do
incredible food I'm stopping well we've
made it into the hall
photo Big John dad could grab that we
bury some Oconee well this is a well
read layout all this is it just smells
rustic kind of you know happens if you
don't pay for your draining squat we
take them guns off the wall to shoot you
ordered yeah come on we're rounding
being serious
I'll go you're bloody like your sausage
so that's perfect that's a nice golden
bear that welcome to sign AHA laughs you
hinted a few hints on how things work
first off life revolves around the bar
that's all I need to read this is like a
golden ale and that is so damn smooth
what's that fabulous tree that is a
fabulous looking Trix
it's no fight on it keep them on fire
yeah hopefully the buildings in vertigo
how could it beautiful actor Jeff ooh oh
my gosh sound like a library room
it's a massive it's a restaurant for bar
buddies absolutely must like this room
outside for go through it all this room
all that room Oh muttering pretty huge
actually borrow a book to read it what
kind of finding interesting but what's
this one
skipper Gilbert Watson I think actually
readable books are adding just the show
oh yeah
brilliant now this building looks like
it's haunted and it has secret doorway
so all I have to do is leave no this one
this one this one if I actually pulled
what a door secretly open that would
make my wife that's going to be too when
you roast ham served cold interesting
with eggs and chips and off he goes is a
question Matt do you believe in ghosts
yeah do you think this place is haunted
could be
could be or is well I don't know
she was area should we stay here
overnight and see if any ghost catches
this house is already yeah we did
now that is what you call speed in it
yeah well it did say it come cold so
there you go
come ah I'm not like that about cold ham
but we've got eggs chips
well ski you can complain my yeah buddy
I'll make that starts coming up fast
I'm glad I've been spotted by the crows
who clown me up they you're gonna get
the army Oh me I didn't even see that
one course that's a crow we're gonna
side of it but though don't don't look
at that one look at that one or that one
Oh - there's body - what did that one
just go ah me this one's about something
else look at it all I look so evil
that's well gonna murder me I'm trying
to tempt it closer to mirror and put a
chip on the floor and as soon as it
comes close enough
I'm having it with a sonic one guess I'm
holding oh-oh oh-whoa-oh angina
that one's got gray hair wait is that
the same as a crow though same family
same that one oh look at them throw job
the car wasn't cursed maple D all rig
under thank you very much name really
even though it's just happen like cold
ham it was not just any ham putting
roasted ham so I've acted that meal out
of a rating I probably about 19 we just
hit the right spot in it super tasty
super nice even that rocket salad
whatever it is it's good even though
they finish ad I don't like salad but
really really good this is some way ah
toilet ah but it what is that this what
is this slave thing going on here is
gonna whisk
dude with a holy head with the heck that
Tom thought man that's great
and then good oh yeah they're like a
heart on the picture of a dog fitting on
the street okay
love is freely right shaving soap and
then whatever the hell is going on here
a father hmm
reload oh my works
come on that's a working gun I'm sure
it's hype firing and removed however
that's pretty cool ooh this is where we
hang on Google Maps
absolutely beautiful after how we
entered to building oh yeah no we
entered through here and then that's
where we just ate outside look at the
battle balloon sorted a beautiful place
oh look at him go
he said what what football team you
sport United I'm gonna just kicked it
away because he just City suppor oh well
I'm have to give a grand a grandkids one
day because look at this this is
absolutely adorable I imagine I have to
tell you some of my hay fever I didn't
know I really had hay fever so here I'm
sunburned it's literally my little
little loss this house of building was
the bay to me look I'm stood as tall as
I can go and I just make it uh-oh little
bit you don't yeah you do not need the
dog comes walk through you load the roof
back no back that way yeah you don't do
it by adding tomato Bobby he managed to
find a icecream power as you believe ice
cream parlor ante room
I like to cut like dirt very nice very
nice
taki baat topic Tommy bought more coffee
malt ball oh thanks no parallel this
place has been open v if bro why is it a
wild peacock just chip holy crap I got
ice cream upon an ice cream farm under
found peacocks me spread your wings oh
my god you are beautiful just ice cream
hello mr. peacock nice cream that's okay
cream of ice hello
Wow look at the color on that one
I'd love to see it's that this pop-up
boy I think it only does it when it's
like making a tomorrow
why are you here seriously why is it
wild peacocks walk around I'm so
confused
from gorgeous birds to extremely fat
cats holy crap you need to be part of
diet you you you anyway look at this
place that I'm at please respect no
picnic policy oh hell you look at this
please
absolutely all back but I kept like oh I
can't chase them birds the two sister
too fast which is beautiful oh look how
cute they are
hahahahaha how that's a day old yes
you keep me look at it today all yeah
well not even a day old oh they got some
pigs hello hello baby
hello hello hello oh look I'm really
happy that is it less than 24 hours old
that is adorable it's not seven real a
person born ah that's right Wow
did you start walking straight away yes
more or less not like this looking down
your go forgetful yeah thank you say so
yeah hahaha I suspect you can help me
get there in the wide let it open all
the videos no please yeah oh sure it all
little tail from peacocks to a cat to
some baby car I know it's okay thanks to
you guys I have ice cream so thank you
very much for that you guys are amazing
there's nothing inside this one I don't
think all that one we just got a little
baby head hello hello hello a little
baby it's not that lessons pay for our
going I got it
hello which is having a baby tomorrow
apparently and I'm going to screen it
big hello nothing else why you little
squeal out that's such a weird noise
hello Oh big you're talking to you to
gradually okay what a great place it's
not so amazing and the entire time unit
you have ice cream that's not a horse
that's a midget horse and you yep
you're bloody huge I'm gonna call you
Jeffrey hello Jeffrey
oh my god Jeff pickle bit Oh looks good
oh my gosh like donkey from Shrek good
it is like this soft it is in the world
would tell you what has got really soft
nose hey I could stroke your nose all
day look at it no my goddesses Smith is
a baby's bottom nah he's gorgeous oh
right
yeah well this means oh I like how that
peacock was walking around now it's on
top of this guy's roof this is this is
the guy who owns this place
and he's been here to 77 years Oh dogs
hey this place is amazing Wow oh we made
it that sweet express and look at this
is the upstairs
this is so sick got all the sweets
marshmallow table over here they got a
projector over here and no way their own
custom pool table I didn't know it
existed pharmacies so like respectful
for Ramadan you've got a prayer area
over here the people come and pray this
place is so busy because everyone's fast
in a moment like most restaurants closes
to put this place is open till 11:00
this place is packed absolutely packed
with people all eating out something
about this place so damn cool they have
like FIFA tournament pool tournament and
there's like milkshakes and all sparkly
I love it
it was so cool got my milkshakes music I
love it millionaire bubblegum milkshake
if you're ever in Denton go to sweet
diner really I'm so glad it was over
having our babies absolutely gigantic on
Bond Street and the owner was awesome
what the hell is going on with this
sandwich refrigerator I survived Monster
Energy ultra sunrise okay just lay some
flowers down
another slit state-created manchester
absolutely insane I cannot believe I'm
logging out so incredible so so
incredible I just cannot believe how
much there is it just goes and goes and
goes and goes
he's got many files on the edge that
it's time to rise and build a wall and
what kind of fix a lot of fathers over
there
absolutely crazy just I look so thick
just so amazing absolutely incredible
that place is sold to the bridge alone
so from ours over here like that I think
this is the one time in my life I'll be
happy about seeing these because I'm
allergic to me so I'm usually terrified
of them that is absolutely incredible
bouquet of flowers to represent
Manchester be so overwhelming so I
cannot comprehend it honestly the
architecture this Pope is absolutely
amazing and it is but they're not is
just absolutely terrifying he finally
got so much syndicate fan out back look
at this stuff oh good that is however it
just says say Syndic eight look you know
what I love it nonetheless is incredible
incredible piece of art from a leak
thank you very much
I just might a place you guys put it as
well as this stuff I look at this and
this is from quick quit this is also a
very dope piece of that check that out
it's so sick no sink
all right ladies I'm gonna be wrapped up
up walk there I was so like emotionally
upset yesterday from going teen all the
Manchester I didn't really want to blog
and talked about it there and then
because it was just it it was so
touching and so heartwarming but the
amount of like look of but please come
summer I am I am I am I'm not like
thinking about it but the amount of
pride I felt from going seeing the
flowers entertainment respects was
unreal the amount of love and respect of
people being quite like some people
didn't even know like the fire was where
were there enough about the memorial
place people walking on the corner like
drum car shower and screaming them
walked on the car and they saw the
flowers have been instantly quiet so it
just you know respects or out bought
thoughts are always with the victims of
it and all that and it's just imagine I
can't wait to see how how much money
gets raised from there like the the
found like the what is it the charity
concert that they're doing like
apparently Justin Bieber's going there
or sure I own a gun
ariana grande grande tapes because I'm
like a latte but it's going to be
amazing to see how that all pans out and
hope for everything goes okay and
smoothly and nothing bad happens but you
know can give it given to the
most of people like that scaring you
from doing things in life you know life
is too short make the most of it and if
it's going to happen you know it's just
going to happens one of those services
are in place to stop it from happening
so hopefully it never happens again
but yeah I'm gonna wrap up my vlog here
never felt so much pride to be part of a
community and thank you to all my own
sushi like so much love and support like
I saw it on my timeline of people saying
like you know what for Manchester and
stuff so thank you for all your support
of the community of Manchester I'm sure
we'll appreciate it I'll see you guys
tomorrow for my next day vlog you should
leave a like rating subscribe I catch
you guys later
adios
