a jato mode engaged and I have a letter
from the taxman let's read what this guy
says all right I don't even know what
that means
there was another letter I understand
this means the tax company asked me if I
had any offshore accounts never have
never will
yo deck are those fucking things time to
start this day and remove this cotton
bud from my ear hey my new internet
isn't a computer's not on date is
supposed to be the day my new Internet's
installed now it's not any faster it's
just that it switched to a business nah
I don't really know that means yeah
today the day welcome to VG business get
online with smart setup brilliant I've
been waiting for this new internet to be
installed like two three weeks now just
never got around to doing it but it's
done I think ah this one my day is going
to go to absolute plot now I've got
starboard food and drink delivered and
now I'm going straight because I'm going
to be streaming all damn day
I have no idea what I'm going to do full
of work so well then it's part of my
life of hey if I did you video dude all
day that means I basically do nothing
but at the same time like I want to get
out and do things but the weather's cang
a crap right now so there's not much I
can do from rock climbing and bullying
in one day to doing absolutely nothing
and playing video games life of Tom so
like how I said this my day just goes to
nothing well this is what I'm doing all
day sign for this computer playing
zombies I won't try gets around a
hundred currently on a whopping round
eight and about get sacked but here's
all the stream going hype hype hype and
let's hope everything goes okay that is
some hype right now look at that look at
all that height god damn I'm assuming
you saw someone say send nudes in the
chat there please don't send nudes I
appreciate them it's a thought that
counts alright then I've been live
streaming for a whopping you know what
only 2 hours and 4 minutes I am on round
69 on zombies I mean it only got thirty
one more rounds to go to get 200 a lot
more to get to round one one five I
don't know if I could do it all on five
four still stream it absolutely sweat my
tits off in my office but you know what
it is what it is and my grandpa just did
call ground so you have to ring him and
be like god I can't talk now killing
zombies boom round 80 secured right
there
got my stream stopped I've just tweeted
out that it's 613 and I need to get this
blog look loaded as you guys say that's
late so I just read others best gift
ever
I'm stepping away from the stream
uploading my vlog and work out why
through music blaring in my house
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa wrong
it helps fun music in my house let's
turn this off now this is the
predicament I'm in the Internet in my
house I've got the BT internetworking BT
Internet and it's a business line but
that doesn't mean I get any faster
speeds this house love it but I only get
thirty one downloads
pushing four or five upload so what I'm
doing is my vlog is processing right now
as we speak on my phone and I'm going to
drive around in my car and up world
using 4G because it's faster to do that
then it is upload in my own house
I know crazy
Tom McCallum gather has you swag I'm
picking Tom NC up during my stream break
to go and get Matt gold
he'd eaten bully bored and he's cooler
want to ride this is what I do he lives
just down the road from me now so cool
he's always here I love it but he better
hurry up actually no of my vlogs on it
my my vlogs start loading it doesn't
even matter porgy we're wondering why
yesterday's vlog was late is because I'm
sad a car park it's all McCallum with my
chicken sandwich I'm a lap I've
custom-made it with some fries and
aren't they the best fries you've ever
after my dogs well I still have it Oh
looks like we're back to max money okay
we're out to start up this room again
look over here did you enjoy you said
tomatoes oh alright well let's say I am
round 80 what's interesting what runs
you think I'm gonna go down and you
won't come up too windy bully so are you
saying you hope my playstation turned
off what's happened to you this is like
instant camera since we've been back my
game is paused on round 8 see before I
start streaming again somewhat different
things you onto a well there was
dangerous work
I look at guys if you watch yesterday's
vlog you know oh no way
I'm vlogging this cards alright some are
my console still connected but if I
switch to display for my PC is
disconnected from the internet so I
can't stream right now look I can't
stream don't know why don't one's going
on but oh no this is not good my round
101 my end cuz if I get this make
different PlayStation oh oh that can't
be reached
mmm give up you've done this cover this
is my caliber job hello
it's actually really not good I might to
get this connect different position
libraries for me and you fucking serious
Lowell what do you say cannot connect
your server so network features for this
application available but I think not my
devastated to be honest but gave all
that to an app I was worth the effort
into this
it gets around hundred and I go down
without for fuck's sake
well you guys saw effort stop assume I
got disconnected from the internet and I
don't know how god Danny watch it back
up now looks really nope still down fuck
that took me two and a half hours to
gets around eighty to one two and a half
hours gets around eighty and I
disconnected from the PlayStation
Network it's all where that's gone
womp-womp
action alright so an ice cream for two
ups bless me ice cream for two and a
half hours now three hours straight
there
I know have to restart streaming for a
fresh two and a half hours to then push
I forget 200 cuz I'll get to 100 tonight
but it means all my hard work gone okay
every time Tom account comes to my house
he gets nothing but the best
that's fresh gossip isset that right tom
look at the color of that we like
surgery brutal cuz job they never may
after the manchester saying you're not
talking to me your thanks be able to
support man appreciate it
with that could do nothing without you
love you if you want if you want to chat
shit a problem run down when you you
know getting your walking decided i was
going to go screw it I'm going to stream
again been streaming for two hours and
36 seconds and long with all internet
went down in my house again I look at
that error you've been disconnected from
fuck ups to servers five hours combined
of streaming to try and gets around 100
and this happens
not good well if I can't play zombies I
guess I'm gonna have to watch Dalek
Daleks try get Turan bloody 50 I'm war
Chinon I'm watching him the gap will
make you been streaming for two hours
when it gets it way I want to be able to
distribute if you get to that two hour
for email I drop my fucking phone if you
get to that two hour and 40 minute miles
let's have a look
you stream they crash right we'll see
often in 24 minutes ma ha ha I don't
know I it is 2 hours and 40 minutes is
now my most hated time number in the
existence of man twice twice hi
I have to say this right now these
cheese nachos are supposed to be warm
but a freezing cold and oh my god
they're amazing cold are you even
serious surpassed you day to be like my
house stinks it stinks something what
the hell is in this bin for it to smell
what is it about it oh my god it stinks
alright ok I'll close this and open it
look at this is been in it like a week
ah disgusting
Oh No there's there's mold on mold on is
disgust yeah oh no now my problem is
that I really still want to make a hot
chocolate but it smells of fish because
of the prom so I'm gonna hope this hot
chocolate doesn't come out smelling like
prawn chocolate
you know what is awesome I just went to
my channel and just realize this that
I've uploaded so many videos you know
yeah you know a random amount of views
but you could say between two hundred
fifty two hundred thousand views each
video but you know for satisfying is to
look and see 344 331 3 to 3 1 303 206
and now this is on track to be another
300,000 video is crazy to think 300
thousand people a day tune in to watch
when I get upset today I don't nothing
but no mad you want to put it into
perspective of how mad that is adium can
hold 90,000 people 90,000 imagine three
times this three something no nothing
three times this completely film and me
basically just stood there with my day
how insane is that you guys like the
most amazing audience ever and I've got
some cool stuff in the plot in the third
one and it works stuff I want to do for
the vlogs and you know I better travel
because I've been like I've been you
gave like a month and a half
yeah everyone else Paris but a boy Joe
so you took suck so hit me up with a
message I really like the idea of the
message if it can be done it'd be sick
if it doesn't today it's okay but I may
still be going to Canada and I got some
cool ass shit going down now eleven
o'clock in the afternoon the next day
you better know I'm chilling out in the
Sun with my nipples out go to get those
turns
snip nips but nonetheless you guys saw a
day what happens when I decide to do
gaming videos or livestream the stuff it
literally dominates my day I love being
out I love doing stuff I love being
active but he's trying to find that
happy balance or just you know doing
Gaming or streaming every now and again
starting so nonetheless I hope you
enjoyed the behind the scenes
shenanigans of me failing failing and
continue to fail but I will be given
another goal at the round 101 later on
this week not to say if you're watching
this all around not today just because
my mind when I was when I was trying to
go to sleep last night all I could think
about that when I close my eyes is I was
in the zombie game training zombies and
it's probably just not healthy idea so
I'm going to catch the sunset instead
I'm going to chill out I'm probably go
to syndicate regional offices and I've
been to the doctors so find out in
tomorrow's vlog what happened there be
sure to click that like great and
subscribe and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog and as always adios and the massive
shout to everyone keeps writing
subscribed to life of Tom everywhere I
don't appreciate vandalism or graffiti
but if you're creative with it I like to
style my friend I like it
