oh my lord I do not remember going to
bed last night I just simply don't and
you you certainly don't help at all
you've been set up said my door whine
like little dog for like 20 minutes
shut your mouth alright shut your bloody
mouth Tom stroking that with Nina babe
he's cooking that but he's a bit I feel
I want America's fine everyone's still
in my house from the part that had last
night but I need to go now so yeah long
innama tacky here we go door one
terminal to Grandma's and you better
know and got wrong to watch didn't
forget it's time
alright I have a ticket going in the
country I have a ticket go and how the
country there's no reason they shouldn't
let me in but we'll see how things go
last time this didn't go so well
oh yeah the stuff they were absolutely
awesome I've got my aster I can get in
the country I've got my ticket and I
hope Grady to business class
pictographic made to secure it superfast
another try and find the business lounge
and get this one by invitation own
alright San Francisco and things about
11:20 waiting lounge
ok I am panicking like a mullet right
now I've not edit my vlog I've not
uploaded it and this five to twelve
hours basically so if I don't get it
done uploading now I'm gonna miss a day
afforded working for Joe's book joke
joke joke joke joke joke joke observer
we're easy I want to put it in first
place yes Joe that I'm probably standing
right now I just can't see it
Joe if you're watching this that's right
Virgin holiday rooms no was it you know
on I'm in a place called the escape
lounge
me this is a knife half language gonna
get a drink and continue my edit i've
got about 45 minutes to get it done I
got this idiom of the first day I'm
going to mix up an upload of the vlog
it's now five minutes to 11 slides
boarding I edited my video went to load
it and found out that the deal was
corrupted I got my I get on the plane in
my sin 10 minutes and I'm on the plane
for 11 hours of for 40 minutes just you
know my first day without an upload here
I back you can't make this or hide chill
out in the lounge editing my blog
together so it was ready to go and it
corrupted or what oh my god so I had to
take both the clips on the blog and take
out for like a 10-minute Oreos
yesterday's vlog shows so like the
loading on time made of 720p video not a
1080p just so I could upload it
thank goodness the upload speed was so
fast on my phone that put it up there as
I was saying on on the actual runway so
thank God I think yesterday's vlog
loaded it did
we
I like it if given a wet towels with
yellow stains of it
hang on available mario donger drill
kappa actually makes the probable boobs
if I talk I'm definitely you're not I'm
really good juice I know what it is you
can't get it yourself personally for
they put it there for the crew because
this is a 1000 of why it goes along and
it's a custom part of the plane that's
worth touch my all the courage to so the
crew can get sleep and like a breaks are
they lived another life before I press
hello you the bitter direct lift the
garage started Parma public service yet
for me still it'll be Kundera name of
the savviest examined cloud was a lot a
lot smarter at once
I'm actually liking the down on the
bottle what it was we have a molten
chocolate sponge pudding and Internet I
look at the sponge put in Aragon pretty
damn good
and what I'll supply Wells we got half
of our okay got collective dreams keen
involved and some extra bikes gourmet
port old burger paella with chicken
abroad and Mike Romanow milk and then
enjoy urgency sandwiches make noise
because there's you go through Armas
fear sort of heads that pops out usually
think that drink all of the critical
look screams building here sucks up here
is my USB
I love it meaning
don't see somebody really care about
cheer about
I'm sure brother
later on I have different psyches
laughter what's up because I know
they're bringing out that new Blade
Runner and so I'm gonna watch that I
understand the new one I haven't seen to
see that I really wanna watch yourself
the two films at least I can watch and
it fleet the rest of life and I was 38
years ago absolute the wider than our
mouth look there's not here we go let's
do flavor and they got some Russians or
two American ships
hey we go the national drink are visible
from my table it looks a little sort of
effort oh thank you very much this film
is so weird so damn weird however I must
answer look it up Tama just walk walk
power alright now we told you I got
risotto I click on for a beef or steak
or whatever was born as men except
sorcerer rule here we go
little bit of salt a little bit of
pepper
pretty good chair so much prefer a
climate virgin is absolutely incredible
I cannot believe how good the stock the
services the chair by the screen
selection of movie just look at this one
really hot I look at a nice comfy
chocolate cake
not us
Wow this film is so creepy either way
and I still until Chi in store on 3rd my
cooking I was offered a claw support but
I don't report it and I don't know it is
watching Blade Runner and it was a
beautiful beautiful performance with
that story drugs and is very weird
storytelling to that you have soap and
sanitizer and pressure queen
three-one-seven
some fun I will into the fact of bosom
to things well watch the end of little
sashay back I'll get it
got a broken I think you go ahead soap
I'm cream
a stream so next if we have the obvious
pair of socks and put them on now a
leave us which is actually really cool
thing
that's a reciprocal it where am i I'm
sold out night
I was exhausted too bad
country
these times though just messin yard to
buy three hours ahead of England and
then I had one clinic but now I'm going
eight hours behind in LA just actually a
little bit there's a problem is if leap
on this plane now when I want it will be
like nine o'clock at night so that I
won't be able to sleep I don't mess my
next Dale potato Buddha gave me behind
my reverence around a drink and it is
chuckling I'm not Regina can watch it a
little film called cool it's really come
good and tragically she did know that's
good not absolute compact I didn't like
just much there so so bad with one eye
open it - no to recommend and closed it
halfway through and watching college is
absolutely incredible this film
another why I did skip the first time in
its original waking it straight into
action
Google again only watch the gimbal
waffles at my camera I didn't pick up
with us mr. linarcos is or Mod Podge
schematic so this sympathy to tie ender
that I got a failure bag also extras
I'm like genuinely sad I just watched
the film
that's all rich like a true story she
really was iPhone
really all right let's hide over there
our health we were just up in the cloud
and they did the barn of all these guys
of its that I've been there is one guy
drinking and for like six hours straight
I got to pass the hell out right now
I'll kill with that
three chairs there for like a the
bastard asunder got a nun sat there so
just make all the noise so it turns out
that that bastard I was like so we'll be
drinking that but like to say tell
straight staff had to cool him off
because it's drinking that much so far
my god we can't serve alcohol if you've
got your own alcohol on the plane that
you are doing that so he was doing was
picking up more people drink and
drinking them and they thought you've
said Norman from sapped out so I just go
to all the satellite we caught him off
when we trying to get rid of it tells us
everything
it's before under here sit down sight
which is not as evil said policy of all
time to get rid of it and make it 2,000
sat down to get the on Empire fell
asleep time to take care of business
freshman
I'll go low two more hours together so
this monkey had a drink of water
much inaudible chopper between tactical
relaxed and preyed on my guy not like an
alarmist
hua cough I just get a quick scratch and
up peeling from sunburn alga what actual
leg you serious
you actually serious look helped dusty
Chris cute
got to put my phone on airplane mode and
when a full Greenland from T on to the
US it connected to doing all about the
Charlie Maine how much next slide take a
look for you maybe other plane under
destination LA so I've got yes - it's
about how we push perfect whoa and that
right there is why I do not check back
so I squeeze it everything is my
backpack and a carry-on because I never
went out to get back from this place I
do a thing to catch my connecting flight
to Los Angeles Los Angeles merging gate
44 that's a police officer on a pedal
bike in an air for the beats walk and I
have been walking for you aha this is
watching good gates 40:59 I'm day 44 and
security checkpoint so I think I'm gonna
get some liquid taking off me
gate 40 for Los Angeles that's my flight
and we still have got it I really forgot
a higher than America absolutely
sweating my tits off I feel like it's
warmer okay here then it is in Dubai
which is obviously false book bloody ell
it is warm in San Francisco I wish I was
wearing my flippy floppies and my shot
like how I just went to get on the plane
get my boarding ticket to walk on and it
pops up things not on the flight I look
straight at the dude and he was like
okay and just let walk on the awkward
silence I'm a senior that doesn't in the
michael degrees i really going to check
my bag
um I made it too long actually
you can see you see all people getting
on it we might as well take you right
this is how we do it
thank you very much sir you nearly ran
me over cells like hey give me a lift
it literally drove me like three people
I love all married busy an airport
Sunday and everybody's coming home 2030
minutes and I'll be home relaxing just
got like my part in LA and oh my gosh
some who was in my apartment has gotten
in main ug4 we mated wrangler and we've
got a custom light bar on the top at
night and oh I have left my a/c on
yep on permanently on for a month
straight that's gonna cost me a lot of
money anyway my plan of action is simple
grab my jacket
grab my black Chelsea boots daily you're
going to need to grab myself
mmm two shirts from here so if I got
offered to all faint shirts perfect I've
showered and now I think it's time to
head downtown and meet up okay Noah rip
the code n me up with a boy
 sweet is catching up with me so
bad right now booked gonna go check into
my hotel room drop off the stuff and
meet the team elevator is something else
okey-dokey let's go get comfortable
let's check out this room this is what
we're dealing with all right this is the
culver wine hotel nice big bed in the
middle of the room I would put the bed
like that open and that big I was half
expecting a mirror on the ceiling trust
me that sometimes happens interesting
style um I want to say they went for the
whole oh let's make it look cool but I
having like no paint on the walls and
everything but in my eyes I just was
like you run out of money and then this
sculpture over here
interesting I feel like if I was drunk
and came into the room and fell into
that I probably touching died what
that's like I'm like a convenient little
button on the wall there to lift up the
curtains all right get them cracked have
a look at my view and we're staring at
some 80 units some a/c unit oh I got you
know what I'm not just staring at
nothing
I've got like natural sunset in the
distance
some building and whoever works in the
office is definitely see my book crack
in the morning very interesting style in
this hotel like modern hipster
I mean well modern construction hipster
Grandma's house no idea
Czech buttermilk whoo what we got okay
okay um oh so what I understand that
okay so someone brought the grandma
curtains in here some brought my and
Annie's mirror but I'm not the way I was
actually nice
well we need style hotel la it always
wait you better know the most important
pair of shoes that brought ain't those
they those there are these okay
cor said to bring them well they were
already in my suitcase to be honest so
as problem I don't know what went wrong
with me this trip I'm wearing a pair of
Chelsea boots right now I then bought my
Brown Chelsea boots with me from the UK
flip-flops and Jordans have never ever
taken so many shoes on a trip I / I
don't even know if the light at this
hotel continues to confuse me so I'm
gonna go but what a potato sack to hold
blankets all right anyway look how pink
that one piece go home look a drunk even
the corridors weird okay it's like we
could say no it's fashionable because it
looks cool but not when the carpet looks
like it fell out my grandma's attic and
the walls look like you just ran out of
money I mean a proper reviewer here I
usually my bra no contemporary some
other half now this time no why hello
well first of all I love John Zoidberg
the second one my life brother I
literally didn't even really die here hi
guys miserable awful - like how I get
here with my pubes glued to my face
most magnificent beard ever why's that
Oh keep scrub right here it's good to be
Joe he came over to you when a nice to
meet you I was like alright yeah we've
met I don't recall when we last met to
do is go drum but we did because it's on
my Instagram so if it actually though
I'll show you I don't think I'm quite
ready for tonight because you were all
so damn drunk already and I'm sober to
go I don't know go to sober this is
definitely it
you guys ready for Korean barbecue
really before man that works well in
Germany oh come on nothing just good
joke evenings bum off uh sleep
deprivation update quarter nine one why
I'm dying
I forgot how annoying III is because you
turn up with a group of people like
eight of us to go out for food and
drinks and you can just never get a
table
he just stop being so tall none
of this nightmare I've become right now
haha this arm so yeah I don't know what
I thought you getting out maybe remember
who we've been walking around for ages
looking similar to me and we literally
found a place called Korean BBQ so I
walk here to the door and I'm leaning
leaning on the edge and I say to you
cousin like is it any good and they're
like actually good so we come in a
little bit old of anywhere we could run
them to go I like he'll be obviously did
that but doing it I'm leaving now I'm
not even here by oh wait now I've got an
hour-and-a-half way otherwise but they
watch so many videos so they know all of
us wrong crazy yeah you're in the volge
so Dom this is technically the place
that I first walked past and said that
we should go too
yeah we ended up returning to it then
angel ordering the food and the drink
yes
but you'll give it a share Tristan's
know don't just dismiss it as for what
he's not going to do not a clue
what I got you the kids baby well yeah
but just korean-style Dom - I believe in
it I love you so fun thank you follow
you know like if you guys don't look so
cool so you're a kid if we all get food
poisoning we blame out Dom break
yep consider this we can see them sink
in ee3 2017 this is the squatters water
are you missing out because you're
eating leaves offensive on another let's
do it hangover is you're going solar
eclipse body battery yeah I'm proposing
for Activision me some he robbed
you guys finally strengthen in the food
here here examine Samantha dolls dude
always a bitter out the right in there
show me large intestine on you many me
Monday night
what oh no I am so full that Noah's
literally wreaking over in eating off my
plane to the texas pipes is next level
the attention you gotta be ready the
desert Redick subdued I go to the foyer
I don't know why attended to smoke yoy
it's what I said look good never sizes
spicy memes rum most good
the chicken chicken Zoey who cooked it
did you cook it all on the eldership you
could it open did you could it open
Jezebel would be its muscle we're all
gonna die Thank You Brendan to believe
or do it don't marry my love when you
been on the streets of LA my time
between so LA sister hello hey thanks
mumbling thank you happy birthday happy
birthday song happy birthday song happy
birthday to you I'm Angie birthday
present of the stockroom and you can see
the Howard but I look like a wise guy
like you are getting a pound of all the
bubble over for me I was wrong
oh how long's that been going on for 26
seconds is it good
you like that okay so this is me trying
to take a cool Instagram photo yeah
introducing the Gazelle beer look with
beer on it I love it I almost feel like
my load by the stomach on with a brown
but you don't know who Tom McCollum is
but he's a legend so it says spicy mean
drove by this week for the way I said
mean me but hold the
phone yo we need it really the ladies in
my leadership I was like a mouse you
like to drink Kemal I was like I'll take
the whole bottles off when you
do it again come on boy no no it's do
another Cheers
now that we've got Milo join with us
finally what else so happiness okay okay
and to e3 2015
you have to pick and then between 1:00
and 3:00 you for your the last four
remaining we already played it alright
I'm going to take the number one two
three we fingers under the table and I
may go I need yeah yeah if you pick it
you're out so you you don't you don't
have to pay all right your ring oh I
like I like exam like knowing you're the
adjudicator you get there around Mario's
Georgia so how many fingers from up in
the air
if you chose three you think it's that
oh all right area voice so they said now
it comes from a 50/50 right so we're
gonna go down to evil one
okay you ready
so who's going for which well again
twenty stuff with his tooth and
your and your total Billy 468
I just like to say this right now so I'm
I was just eating food and making videos
but there so I'm gonna do is me this
phone and take photos you might like
take the risk watch I'm just going to
keep pressing the boy again and again
and again until the zone filled with
photos of me Oh what is this I plan this
is your pocket okay and I got to watch
the fishbowl library how much where is
it where is it where's it going oho dude
it doesn't stop some of these are burst
photos - oh I must know how many I have
a so for so weird you're gonna keep
scrolling and then music but AHA I got
now I sound really really quick before
people ir tom them glasses you put right
on top of each other fellow but no no no
they got moved and then Noah tried doing
it an optimal over and I just have to
catch it on camera so don't think that
was my fault
that was all Noah super successful fine
but greenback you point out career bump
you are ten we know what thank at a time
no oh no oh yeah I'm you can't download
and Todd I don't know how are you 45 it
was this country yeah yeah three I'll
attend the restaurant one more five
11.15 that's harsh
oh it says I'll give you a name I trim
eight yeah well done okay seven point
three six bull judge in the morning off
the hoop I'm gonna go for a 5.1 105
hydrogen oh yeah reverse your that
is it Easter Egg buy or quick Tabasco
rules code okay one one zero zero one
one one zero zero ones are on the rolls
or
that's not boss my god great that's
binary line or else one can be fun yeah
I thought I got everything up really no
one wants a computer table he's just
been a freak job beautiful yeah once
there ones are always ready why do you
want to compute aa minor minor it yeah I
know
talak was right I was far along are you
he's a very strict solver Milo Wow
or Noah definitely not me I mean if you
don't me son I'm going to even sailor
nation right there are like hid the
Easter eggs for charity I'm like you
want a loose you playing I'll be
able to raise the most money but we'll
lose the fastest so let's go
there's no way
so our hotel we're saying that he's down
there but I just realized where I am
right now dad if you're watching this
I've already had one I was a long time
dad yeah well look that's my last name
kiss spelt correctly gizelle
what fools one qualifier you saying it
so fine you are the one who knows about
it why are you arguing to keep more line
nine three five all right get out behind
the scenes in one time in film film take
me out you're putting a radicular way
Wow
the savagery I just walked into bathroom
when to go to the spoiler Jesus
Oh John right it was a joke the first
time for Dom's birthday ever we paid for
the beers in the lock plate but we
jokingly just sang happy birthday see
you boy Byron I'll be back tomorrow I
need to a hotel napkin Alvin
I'll jump without warning go on then go
on getting it open and nip at the hairy
belly button but villainous it was real
quick buddy thank you so much for the
birthday man because that was
 great of you and seriously you
know this is the moment that is gonna go
down forever coming as a moment okay
come over here one moment this is the
moment this can be remembered as the
zombies trilogy forever
the zombies trilogy trilogy that means
you have to make a fist from the second
film edited so I'm down Thank You first
episode of mine but we're here for five
days together so how do we do a five
ology psychology a pentalogy we should
just call it five all in the quickly
hand oh my god full cap are you the
Pentagon thief Oh Holly you know my guy
hey hey Milo there we have it a new dog
new day I'm fresh I'm actually not too
well I'm actually tired but not hungover
or anything which I thought I might be
so thank God for that but it is the next
a little so I've got to get up and get a
shower start my day and hang out with
the team against I'm gonna be with over
the next five days so this should be a
fun III I'm looking forward to seeing
anyone every anyone anyone everyone but
let's get this day started so I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog make sure you
leave a like crane really helps out
subscribe share with your friends let
them know if they want to like watch the
life of Tom you can do by just searching
life of table pretty simple as that to
be honest and maybe this hotel we will
grow on me it's definitely probably like
the comfies bed up maybe stayed in all
year so if I did have to give the hotel
room a rating out of 10 the for like the
aesthetics of it will probably about 5
but for the comfort of the bed it'll
probably be a 10 so 6.2 maybe overall I
need to go because it's now currently
920 in the morning and I need to upload
this vlog before it's late because I'm
so stoked still but yesterday's vlog
actually uploaded on time while I was in
a rush I'm so sorry it will upload it in
720p but I just had to do it like that
getting up on time so they Joe
continuing the daily vlog streak and yet
expect late vlogs las américas rigs
I'll be drinking going out late and when
I get back in the UK I use the edit my
vlog and get it done and uploaded it
doesn't have to go out till 6 p.m. but
when I'm here in LA I got drinking and
hanging out and stuff like that and they
need to edit the vlog when I get back to
get it up at 10 a.m. in the morning so
it's kind of stressful the time
difference but we'll see how things go
much love your faces make sure you
follow me on instagram whilst i'm here
at this event just search your syndicate
and we'll see how things go oh hello
