- stuffed full no yes Oh sausage okay
next step by yellow right this door does
not fit look look I can put my finger
between this this door is not fit
alright next step of the night cleanup
of the day of the morning
clean up the nap around the hot tub oh
yeah
it is a moist wet day in methods of
rubbish oops I've got to say I saw this
from a distance and actually thought it
was beaucoup yay smashed glass great a
pair of boxer shorts a sock these other
suckers are the thong not that's
definitely a sock a receipt but outs
what else have I got three beer bottles
I like it the collection grows the
collection grows a Prosecco the metallic
leg four bottle caps five and a smash
glass okay
black okay leaving this box outside not
a problem
what the hell is this it's a bra the
fuck how does a woman's bra this is not
even a swimming costume this is actually
that's my bedroom
sure shit didn't throw that shit outside
my room
unless it goes in lost property of which
that pile is growing whether the
moisture in the air is very dense this
mine and I need to check in case there's
any bottles off the back of the hot tub
I'm assuming the will be you know what
we will find out two together right now
Oh only one only two now that lots of
moisture on this early Sunday morning
the house looked extremely my there so
basically what you're watching right now
is the recovery from an after pie we're
just going to go ahead and pause by
cleaning up job because I know
investigating something yes jazz table
chair chair chair one chair there's
usually two what I have no idea where
it's gone I think the crows may have
stealing stealing stolen a chair
unless sir excuse me boyo how do you see
the chair mm-hmm the chair don't lie to
me Ralph you know your name you'll know
you're snail or don't hide for me
oh here we emerge Oh
do you know that rose do you know that
truth yourself
so this not to me you know the truth
you're hiding everything you know about
me oh this is so weird and aged I don't
ever want to see this ever again this is
so goddamn weird I'm just going to go
ahead and put you back down and enjoy
your day now okay
oh no you look so drunk let me just help
you with that there you go you got you
look so drunk okay you got your drink
you get grip you're good be cool
team were by far my favorite thing is a
kid to do with snails apart from not
standing them didn't appreciate that you
ready
OOP oh look at that
how really that ready
OOP mmm
that is so weird ooh okay I'm good with
you alone now enjoy your day bye-bye
I'm gonna go to bed now as soon as I was
6 M so I'll catch you guys chuckle
e-wrap in the morning you tell me I'm
not a good pie host it's currently for
the record six oh six o'clock on the dot
and I've cleaned the house I've taken
away all the trash and look at this I've
stacked everybody shoes nicely together
so will you wake up in the morning they
don't fucking wake me up and ask me when
yeah geez I'm gonna who just works my
out so who's my boss oh I was fuckin
difficult to work up on it miss alcohol
fairy you're the reason why everyone got
crazy drunk right
alcohol fairy Alice I think everyone use
a loss naturally I know
so the story of the bikinis that you
threw Molly's bikini on foot and foster
to stage begins brush oh she took her
wet the QUT offers getting Gretchen
abroad yeah I said no you haven't told
me a trip tomorrow
open your door through a briar out the
window shots go that's why I found a
pair okay then
Alencon that side man Park making you
probably mad for okay ah really getting
out is that what the hell ah that's the
Brier I found outside
all right I want to say and I feel
they're proud of how much I clean my
kitchen last night I've come back
downstairs this morning and yes don't
really daddy Oh feeling a tad bit
fresher now but my taxi has arrived
hello got a minute so as they said this
is a tune and I'm like even though I
wanted only bloody Joe Weller come on
lad
I learned this before so cheated a
little listen right now these bananas
like you celebrate homicide nice
MacNeill and one three select me lovely
vodka her lovely diet coke on one of
them and cold on the other look okay
even ask what sorry one look at the size
your chickens lack okay look at the size
of my chickens are you choking but girls
up might as well have gotten no good if
a representative of my goal is watching
this not bringing travesty all started
remember when I used to serve you
this is choose to get a medium chicken
legend with plain plain little right
then eggs for food catch you later
brother
oh yeah I owe you money alright my debt
with you groans consistency level is
probably the single most unsatisfying
point of the next day is this noise what
tingle on the ears and also people want
to see me do that and vlog this in the
UK is a bin then a bin in a bin but that
one's paper that one's normal trash like
dog poop or whatever that's gratins to
find that and then this one's bottles
and plastics you know you might be like
why share this information to come as a
half fell over some of the comments was
like to put it in the wrong bin no no we
just do things weirdly in my area look
you I found look at my friend you that I
think that's actually the Sims mail as
well as if you made it so they're all
the way from right let me show you where
he was this morning all the way from on
top of that wall even I fed you this
mine and you were supposed to eat the
crickets you didn't
instead ones over there there in the
tree and instead of eating them the last
three of them drowned bloody hell
what's going on this is now my next task
of the day which is washing and drying
all the towels so they're ready for the
next house party and twelve attics
Stephens obviously being extremely
helpful and this is my lost property to
go swimming wear socks jeans pumps see
if what she would do that I'll sell it
maybe I'd love to say that all the
washing taking care of what I need to
wash it all of this great just going to
pause a minute and point something
interesting out on Steve when you know
is that you'll kind of be a bit like
we're watching and Steve it's going on
with your toe mate it's going supposed
to look like that look I'm just gonna go
ahead and fix utopia
there you go I think I'm a scared of
Steve
why does my pool look like the devil's
raising from it and I've got the number
six six six written on it as well and
I'm talking about the Beast rising oh my
god I guess I love the multi-cut lights
on let's go in is it messy no it's not
the loading Alex spookiness their beast
has risen let's change that whoa this
change it to whatever call you guys like
raise a chroma
Ray's a chroma sponsored pool let's do
raise a green I actually really like
blue that looks hella cool are you just
just do this looks like a blue there you
go oh wait to baby blue when the bride
is done
- up holy crap that looks blue jeez I
like that that's good
I've got to admit I'm really really
impressed with my friends but nobody
picked up this inside shooting things
all people side no gosh tables girly
because they're easy to clean but oh my
God look at this this is where we have
the looping the we drinking game
you can see the outline of it but this
is all sticky
okay from the shots oh I'll do that
tomorrow
oh my gosh today do I feel so much more
fresh but I have to end this vlog right
now it was a recovery day yesterday she
saw me cleaning the house babysitting
see
his little toe and just chilling out for
the day so I'm actually going to go get
some Chinese food right now cuz I'm
absolutely starving and I'll catch go
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next air bug
so make sure you leave a like room
subscribe
