oh my goodness me look at this day it's
absolutely beautiful you know what's
even more beautiful i61 the gaming event
is coming up in August on a bank holiday
weekend and I am going to be there if
you guys attended Isaac cou didn't you
know it was absolute mad event I spent
basically four days in a row doing
nothing but meeting you guys
and I want to do that again because they
were you know there were some people who
did manage to make it to the event or I
didn't manage to see them at the event
because we were all busy but you know
what I'm going to be at this event I'm
looking forward to seeing your faces so
if you want to come to a gaming event do
loads of cool stuff and do a meet and
greet and see my face for whatever
reason you'd want to do that but make
sure you get yourself a ticket the link
will be down in description and if you
use the code I 61 syndicate you can get
yourself ten percent off the tickets you
get thank me later I hope to see your
faces there if I don't I will refined
you and hopefully the crows the crows
are still attacking my house beautiful
day in paradise so my t-shirt of choice
today is the 1337 syndicate original
beast feeling fresh feeling good ready
for the day with no pants on
ah ah people day in paradise paradise
paradise and I have washed it ready
another day my dad is back washing off
the windows because the crows came and
attacked yet again I got that mate I can
get it ready for a war like it's if it's
personal because it's my house but it's
even more personal because my dad hates
all my dad hates them with a passion we
sing which in here man oh look at this
little butterfly where'd you go oh oh
was this really nice outside so my dad's
abandoning me and I'm chewing on the
deck chair with the pool doors open
that's what yes that is what I'm talking
about summertime it's such a nice day
come to the pool cover the Sun when I'm
in a bit of thermite I feel like I've
been in a holiday in like the Caribbean
islands in the past two weeks
that's how sunny is all right now I'm
going to join with this to try and find
about you I guess it's time to do some
target practice forgot the Scarecrow
Steve cover target do this
the aim right for the middle of these
big nostril well we middle of his nose
so wish me luck I don't have a stand or
anything to my phone so I'm gonna fire
and then review um oh I did shoot for
his nose where it looks like a got in
these classes there instead you see it
right there
damn it off target man I said what was
your eight the plan of action is to
knock off Steve peat snores this is a
really thick place it's about it all
right get ready safety off
let's go take a look you ready we think
God I ain't afraid no last time I got
you blasted hold it knows that I don't
have all it knows yet
well yeah no wait no wait I got that was
my first shot and that was my second
shot still not his nose Bob Boise out
maybe show me then look at my dad
rocking you all Cleese Chris take oh
well nice Joe sideways let's present
yeah that proper sick I like them Joe
danced it all of the stunt dad's turn
can go for stick middle big nose dad
that on the tip of his nose like lead
off all feeling confident is pose what
good composure even better take a look
let's take a look let's take a look
you can't believe it must be off done
yeah mate right next to mine bang bang
bang that's mad it's sure yeah - hi got
tweaked that shit man if this was that
this would be impressive to the grouping
is out of this world
Dada's tweet oh he knows he did that
adjusted the gun and going bang on the
nose nice good job hi or more for the
book
Oh sounded pretty good straight
yeah debris damn straight I don't know
how I don't know how you keep determine
if something sounds straight but is it
only knows oh no not only knows sounds
your first shot I don't know the last
ones went on in area through there are
you feeling good again daddy I do love
it dad I'm telling you so much
if Jack if granddad's got a Jaguar I'm
hopefully getting a Jaguar you need this
in Y looks just like that but oh my god
South 100 dice so freakin sexy
god damn that's nice
oh hell yeah only at the earth as the
wide spoiler pop up grabbin a little
square interesting get in it see if it
rotates with you inside ain't run for
sweatbox May yeah this is like a cumin
green today it meant to rotation the
air-conditioning on me this is nice
Julie a shield it is cool it looks nice
before we not do an elbow thing eight
grand
worthy how so we made it to John Lewis
to look for barbecues at a hard one I
chose this bad boy so it's not one
wheeled it stays stationary and it's an
absolute beast or shock absorber you got
all this and you've got a little grill
on the side I liked it Hey look at this
my dad could take a roof of his car
whilst he's walking towards it dope I
love it fucking traffic a the entire way
home this gradually we're gonna give you
some tips you can use to tip I'm here to
be able to tonight without looking Sal
yeah what what I do
what are those brick
I forgot the food Oh always she's
actually a squid he was asleep things go
is that I got house where is it anyone
right now
I did I used 20 20 20 okay have you
noticed when she cooks she does this hey
you are a little a little it but that is
a plane or a conversion that is the
biggest plane I think in the existence
of human beings that shit it build oh
it's what on earth are you doing yeah I
got welcoming for the hell is why is the
cheese on the burgers already whoa I
like your style man another love him I
like you stabbed okay maybe a little bit
too much get up bar way too much
pleasure else could you everyone in life
then kicking back with cow after cooking
a beautiful barbecue its watching the
sunset slowly creep away look at it just
a red little dot
it's so crazy it's like an evil eye
hiding in the Trib Mordor I do
thundershowers in Chima okay like oh
it's almost gone Kyle it's almost gone
oh I love you Colly know I can still see
it
alright no I think it's right I'm Greta
would be a red light it's gon be trying
to tell me Stephen Joyce's yeah why what
do what gives Alice the thought
processes like beyond like photon breath
Steve is going on breast you're on key
the joke young god hahaha daddy why
you'd ever nice to me I don't know you
mean calm happy oh you are you always
think of me because of your little
brother just bit me okay by now
still you boxes okay I don't know is
that weird or should you be sharing that
oh like okay okay great
cop too legit too legit to quit
oh oh oh wha goodbye avi detain hello oh
well oh that is good started started
started good stuff is good stuff and
starts and starts is good
come on now way past your bedtime you
need to go to bed there you go
come on here you go go on what make me
tail sticking out was very fun sleep
well
love you oh I don't even want to go past
this boundary line of my window up see
if I stand in this one I feel like a
ginger I'm just going to burn it's so
hot out in the UK right now is like 27
degrees or something I think maybe 28
today I'm dying my scarecrow is dying
and by the way that thing did nothing to
stop the clothes because I found them
again this morning look at all that
fresh bird - I don't understand
leave me alone I'm gonna have to wrap up
today's vlog ladies and gentleman now
the fact that I've got a barbecue means
we probably have a few more parties and
when my new big barbecue comes I've
ordered
we now have an even bigger family I
invite all my cousins and uncles and all
them Brown cookie balls
you've all got like little baby that it
would bring good show and you look at
him it's cute and then it shit Sonya
you're like oh that's not cute but yeah
I'm following ourselves some Ganapati
live so it should be pretty sweet so
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like and subscribe and
don't forget in Somme near 61
I'm going to be at that event so I
expected to your faces get your ticket
links down description I know it's far
away cuz it's in all good where'd you
get your tickets now your set your saw
it and we get to do some type of hike
hike nurse as to what that is I don't
know but we'll find out at the event
there and then I could shake your hand
and say thank you very much for watching
my videos I love your face and as always
stay awesome honest audios good and do
that and other dudette to that yeah
