starting this day properly by getting
this bird to ask my window what they've
just washed the car and he's still bird
poo all over the window but there was
even better is there's where's we be I
made you do I said put you into that
wait put it back don't let see the
streaks very very mother all right
I've got to go okay I love you and I'll
leave your skin beautiful then guys is a
really good job anyway you know what I'm
doing it's a stab looks I'm often of
Aramis hey got the good stuff just
everywhere we go everyone's just talking
about what's going on in Manchester lie
rightly so bought and the consensus of
it actually it comes to fucking cowards
absolutely cowards learn that I got your
letter
I got you only Tom can open up am always
tom can record our open okay we have a
letter I read that look are you ready to
receive the most random things at the
heights I'll be watching your vlogs and
my Charles for a while but Alex times
any sense of things remember in your
vlogs you said Steve your spell Steve
I'm I'm just saying ste ii ve and i was
weird but i just do it we're scared of
your phone case so i thought why not get
you a new one and a better one here he
says he's thrown in a screen protector
for me come on palace and my graph
enhancement brilliant okay if I can help
out your charity livestream I'll make
sure to retweet or post on my facebook
as Mark said give me your adoration
around the time I can help you out with
that my friend also by the way this may
seem really random and I'm not trying to
mean hip I don't really support GoFundMe
pages like just giving and stuff like
that absolutely for the GoFundMe pages
anyone could just set up and say like oh
hi I lost the way give me money and then
they could still actually have their leg
so they never actually check the thing I
know that was a weird so I think what
people people do that sort of stuff all
the time like saying have cancer and I
have cancer and just take money off
people and so I always try and support
like the official one Zach and like
confer Marie or so sorry about that Eric
also known as Erica Borg
thank you very much this life package
let's take a look what we got inside so
we have a glass screen I like it we then
have a pink bubble gum
yes case I think I'd like to protect put
your phone into something I like it an
iPhone 7 plus air cushion military great
bloody hell it seems it's pretty intense
but well with a kickstand feature I love
they just saying there's one thing I
want to release it you know then pop
sockets that you put on the back of
phones and stuff that make them stick
out like nearly everyone who does much
as them but I would do like some of one
of them put like a syndicate look line
on the back of them because I'd like a
circle make sense because then like I
put my phone down it just borrows when
if I have the socket thing I couldn't
leave Oh people like that doctor worried
about having a sound so that's
absolutely wicked thank you very much
thing what is this glass screen
protector for so is that TV format how
did you read that it's a big package in
it
wow there's a lot of scream sects in
there I think thank you very much then
what is this a bunch of stickers for
this little wall that is absolutely for
like look at that move on the background
soap and then Oh what is this a scream
aha this is for the iPod mini for from I
kinda iPod iPad Mini 4 I don't know
thank you very much and then we've got
what was that was that and then we've
got a tempered glass pro another screen
protector awesome and then a compact car
charger USB but not just one USB 2 USBS
that fax we're gonna replace the one
I've got now thank you oh thank you very
much for the swag I say what is your
return address on this if you've got
returned yes you do alright I'm gonna
send your side poster thank you very
much sir I appreciate that a lot
what you're only from Ashton underlined
that's conveniently closed hmm well so
that do you has been pretty this no harm
no hung row using the cage I love it
kitty
ah didn't even need to look yeah but any
mug this is all boom
where's the love what's your name so
it's not called a kitty mode it's
actually called a food box
mom what are you doing
you Center the nipples what for
so this video doesn't get do monetized
well I appreciate the human body okay
it's built just breath makes a feeding
baby then pressing them why are you
shaking your head a bit everyone's been
asking me Tom have you read my letter
Tommy remember that assent to the Bo box
because in every single vlog in the
description if you open it and click
show more there's an address which is my
pure bak and I've been like I guess
people send me packages or something but
no letters and I'm sort of mess to be
saying Thomas take your letter like
three months ago have you got it Alex
where is it because you accept them all
and I think we may have just found some
of them so I'm going to take them home
and read a frickin
read them all call them on camera
swearing oh you did a naughty
you did a naughty you tell me off the
swear it Oh in this box was it thank you
look you know what is that I don't know
think that your problem is a smile on
the side are you all right exactly I
figure I see you've got penguin and then
I've got a lion
Osprey cool it's all misty you're surely
moved them no I understand with money
I'm gonna let read before moving it
other paper please the other paper
Oh Philippe thank you very much today hi
I'm watching your vlogs well now and I
enjoy the mental this way I take me with
gift don't remove the paper yet and one
of your vlog he said if you send you
some sense I feel box wise I got you
something too ok now remove the paper
what paper on my room it
apparently Alice's audio opening I was
already open this so I've already seen
what it is so by night lines I've got so
yeah lines you have one on almost all
your shirts I know your take your gift
of Lion nesting dolls the penguin on
your desk and gave the idea if your gift
that's right penguin nesting dolls they
have a family theme well not you so cool
thanks 300 no fat liars hahaha that is
adorable a little fat lion Wow nesting
dolls I think in Russia to call these
matreshka dolls
Inessa Matuschka Hills honestly no a
colleague zombies taught me something
that's wicked a thankfully full of
latter's no joke actually full of light
as I'm taking home and reading so thank
you to everybody sentries and if you do
them within linked in the description
you can send me like a pathway for some
reason one to something awesome I think
this hits for Alice again I'm not
actually asking for anything it's just
the people who feel like they want to
send some sit-in and you never know if
it's really cool and whatever and I bang
it in the vlog it'll be in the vlog so
got myself a nice amount of letters to
read now so hopefully if I get back to
them all I'll even give you a tweet and
then say thanks for that so appreciate
it whoever sent in this adventure time
doll I appreciate it tal pop bigger
thank you very much it's going to go in
the collection I've still got in my boob
all the pop figures for the Shogun's but
I've not put money I need to do it today
haha yes mum my drinking heart mum
cheese as a boob ugh Cheers
that's a good mod you take it all thank
you hey Karen get on it this is my
drinking horn I'm gonna put this in the
washing machine when I get home you got
don't ever give away anything I get
given all right I'm gonna do oh my gosh
this is nearly a liter drinks on earth
oh my god room I can actually fill this
up with my wasn't God
pipe pouring machine what's a coal will
you bother weather and the bear comes
out
Paul tow I can pull their book I can
bear from there into it and it's like a
leader being it's like a oh that's a
nice day out here I've been stuck in
this office for ages I just want to sit
in a sudden Sun Caronia oh you should
have known you did what you didn't don't
go back in that toilet I broke it Alex I
bloody broke that toilet what
so become well to be honest tomorrow
tomorrow the hell is this lets-a-go oh
man I said well I feel like I'm losing a
fighting battle nope
said that wrong what I did actually try
to say that is I'm losing the fighting
but so again shit is that I'm fighting a
losing battle my knee was pretty much
okay this morning for driving a car that
the manual requires your left leg to
always be on the clutch and always
stretching muscle in my leg is just
straining mister I've done much so oh my
god so a dog a jump swims really damn it
Gil terrifies it nope turns out I wasn't
getting jumped the girl just went past
me because her friends said she wanted
to be in the vlog so they're yeah
they're both in the vlog anyway yeah I
didn't I'm glad I didn't go into a
hospital today because of a you know
like I'd rather doctors be with people
who need it rather than swimmers just
limping like an idiot so I think
tomorrow I'm gonna go into the doctors
to see what the hell is going on because
when you swallowed all tits
you guys have sizes use small medium
extra-large geez that must be so slow to
riding I just don't get it you have to
be joking me look where these birds
applied against my window this is
ridiculous
so yesterday's vlog I was going to show
you this but whilst I've been in Paris
that we oh my god there's a fox oh my
gosh wouldn't run whoa
oh so whilst I've been in Paradiso my
dad sent me a picture which I'll show
you upstairs in a minute and it looks
like someone was murdered at my house
and my dad is cleaned off the board from
the main majority of it thought I just
come back to my house now from upstairs
walk down and the crows were here and he
just looked but look at the amount of
blood and attack that the crows are back
and they're attacking my window this was
fully covered in blood but look at this
you can see all the wing marks where
they didn't smacking against my windows
like look at this this is blood look
this is actual blood from where the
crows have been smashing their faces
into my wing look it looks like
someone's been murdered fresh shit blood
board shit bird poop everywhere what I
don't get I just like going wrong they
see another crow in the window so
they're like yours
I called max if I'm gonna have to kill
him so they head-butted the window by
sitting on this handle
head boy head button head button until
the nose and beak was bleeding up the
nose the beak was bleeding and then
because they could try to kill the
cruelty were looking at in the window we
kept head but it back even harder and
even harder and then kept flying into
the window and look at the amount of
boredom a window it was everywhere and
so my dad quit off and I just can't hear
again doing it it's absolutely unreal
we've got these windows here which are
mirrored they don't attack them got
these windows that emerge here and you
don't attack them they just attack the
living look you can see the prints they
just attack the living shit out my house
no I grow a bro where is it oh the side
of that fucker head Lily Lily Lily Lily
blue I heard I heard an engine revving
that fast and I looked to my left and I
saw the blue streak of Tom McCallum's
look at this bird
it flies and then it just floats as if
it's being held from the string look at
it it's going nowhere I'm pretty sure
that's a sparrow hawk could be wrong
that if you're watching this and I go
wrong I'm sorry but just appreciate what
you're looking at not my prize well
pissed off it can't do shit but it just
they like sake you should be able to do
that those weird ID recitation and that
means an interpretation but we'll just
go that I just sense the Mauresmo no
doing work and more and shit so I let's
talk about the boring stuff that I've
been working on soon but just not yet
but and yeah that's why I didn't even
the rest of my day and that's why I did
you McDonald's because it's the first is
through demos we get it is a new dawn it
is a new day and today is the day I'm
going to be going to the doctor so you
guys will find out what the hell is
happening with money hopefully tomorrow
so thank you very much watching
basically like rate subscribe I'll see
your faces at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog and as always asshole oh by the way
the home a journalism major will be
picking the winner from the giveaway
that we did of a brand new pair of razor
blue tooth hammerhead ok leaves another
moment okay what can smelly Adam you say
while it's like that wireless
layout wireless because you don't have
to put them into your phone so Bluetooth
wireless there you go those guys are on
a trip right now they should be getting
back in the next few days as soon as the
back wall
announcing the winner I'll be announcing
the end the vlog and on Twitter social
media and a lots of stuff so fingers
crossed you all I hope the lucky winner
is happy with their win and don't worry
I have another giveaway coming up soon
in this time it's pretty you
