I as much fun as it was so many 4k for
yesterday's vlog I'm about to click
render which is going to make me cry
very salty tears welcome to a new dawn a
new day
it is currently 248 in the morning I've
only just finished importing sorting
everything out and bout to export
yesterday's vlog i'm gonna click render
and this time you're seeing right here
is going to rock it to the moon I know
yesterday's blog featured nothing but me
talking about the details of the vlog
about Wawa and yes I know it was
annoying but it was a bit of a thing for
you guys to see you behind the scenes of
why the vlogs late sometimes like how
long it took me to earn it how the
process works and when I usually render
a video on my computer and this is
filmed in 1080p 60fps but the back kind
of 60 60 FPS when it's filmed just in
1080p in general it usually takes me
about 25 minutes in total to render the
video fully before I couldn't load it
but as this box is about to show you
this is a 4k 60fps video which is uh
only on 2% and it's so far taken three
minutes with one hour and 21 remaining
which is still going up and going up and
going up and going up so I have no hour
no idea how long this is gonna take to
render let alone how long this is gonna
take to upload so if this vlog came out
on time and worked perfectly oh my
goodness me GG's all round oh stop is it
stop counting up it has to focus 2 hours
1 minute and 40 seconds now sometimes
jump so up but I've gotta wait two hours
for this video to render out when it
usually takes 25 minutes to do my videos
oh my god I'm glad I've tried it but my
lord I don't I don't think I'm gonna be
doing this again
Oh what the hell's going on in the
background unless it's for a very very
special reason alright it is now the
next day it's time to see if the video
one even rendered out and to how long it
took us fingers crossed please finish
please finish oh oh oh oh screaming
block okay
he says elapsed time one hour and 11
minutes that makes no sense whatsoever
so I'm gonna open it it's probably gonna
be glitched
but it plays the clip seem like they're
there they could
see mother they're eclipsing right there
there there there yeah you know what I'm
gonna risk it for a biscuit upload it to
my youtube channel and hope it works
okay Jen so I'm managing smooth file
from my computer on 1204 layer burn
which is a Sun this 128 gig file it
wouldn't send it over to like is it it
won't send it over across one of these
even though this is 16 gigabyte won't
send it across to it so I had to use
something else let's hope this works
it's a beautiful boring I am NOT doing
this in 4k can I wish I was I really
kinda wish I was just because today is
gonna consist of actually getting about
and doing stuff whereas I decided to
throw yesterday's vlog a 4k vlog well
all I was doing was sat at home showing
you how I edit my video yeah kind of a
backwards video but you know at the same
time I still did it so I need to get get
the shop get it uploaded I got this day
good secret password knock let's go and
try this one today Canon e yeah I'm
actually pretty sure this is a 4k screen
so I can actually test the footage
playing back on this and see if it looks
good and oh my god yes it does oh it's
so smooth oh look at that
I'm shot oh yeah okay this is good
alright now time to tell long this is
gonna upload you ready and drag it over
Brenda I mean upload okay the initial
times at 30 minutes oh my god that makes
me so if I wish to start uploading a
normal quality avoid like 1080p vlog at
my house it would take an hour but for
me to put a 4k video at the office 30
minutes there's a call that out today
and I'm just wearing myself a t-shirt
but village bought a virus here I come
dingy air fresh mother true okay
but no fresher that over took a look at
that cook nice clean maybe should have
taken a little bit off the carpet but
you know what
oh they swap King guy that's Chris is
that what you look it up y'all God knew
your guard it's the good stuff where is
this vacation chicken ie that's the good
sandwiches acquired then I've only
gotten left me bloody lights on shit bad
Tony we've both got one this time we
both got one that's on sale and you get
a shit plane ham sandwich because I
don't know what you're wanting should
have asked you because you're a healthy
eater you need your nutrients wrong why
don't you two just leave him alone
I don't understand why you keep staring
in like this scare them
yeah leave Steven alone a little shit
a whole month wait you finally taking
that tree
a month later what what what did I pay
you for May if you took a lighter to
that what it just explode wait until I
get a flamethrower predicaments with Tom
I just realized after not all the keys
to that car I just had the realization
that oh yeah that's what I'm suppose
we're doing to him like I forgot my
defender forgot my defender just realize
that I'm going on this trip tomorrow at
7 a.m. but I'm not supposed to be going
on this trip because the new DLC for
card comes out tomorrow and the fact
that the DLC comes out I won't be able
to Streamyx I'm in the air and this is
the one zombie map that drops every
three months and I've booked a trip on
that date instead so I'm in a bit of
predicament right now so I got trying to
find out what the fuck I'm gonna do
about it we'll work out what we're doing
with the whole card situation soon but
here is the 4k video as you can see it
is actually in 4k but what yeah
everything's fine there but when I go
over to this the YouTube video that's
actually you up I click this button open
it up and it doesn't show a 4k option
what what is going on
I understand you see but it's even still
processing to go into 4k which it may
take a while to do it well as it right
now it's not in 4k so I'm gonna cry
we've been busy over weekend this so
many of your artists pouring out all
over the fucking floor have you done
them all already you let me start and by
the way I'm gonna make your life even
worse because when I get back you've got
loads of twitch giveaways to win to get
how to puck like a professional not to
pack like a professional how to pack for
a trip when your own a clothing line
alright so you get one one ready to go
then another then another then another
then another then another then another
I'm ready so yeah if we're going on any
romantic dates
about an inventor
right now slow down
defender life while we're going boosted
oh my god oh my god UPS I like how he
realized he realized that was another
defender that he was truly made me steal
off to see him at the fender of the boat
I told you I got the defender by he's
just such a thing - pride driving that
vehicle I'm so proud to be British
that's what he said so proud to be
British it's so bright and like even
when I pulled the bullet guy he didn't
see me first then it realizes a lot
later I'd say buddy the smile that
appeared on his face was just been so
yeah burn me up he smoked me I will try
race I'll just try ride on side I'm like
a convoy it wasn't me I proposed it
wasn't me have you seen what that
mannequins doing a little bit of titty
out that mannequin gets gets a 10 out of
10 we got a new winner we've got a new
contender a one-armed TD hanging out
mannequin who's had because it's it just
right but it's not like seasonal for
swimming costumes and stuff to be in in
stores and if there is there's like just
shit once right just opens what hey no
you're not Oakley I know what you're
trying to do that no you're gorgeous and
I love you oh yeah yeah so I buy some
turkey giblets
some doctor but we can make some salt
pepper chicory this is her need go down
and then bend and then down what her ass
holy shit I thought that was like
because I only saw it from that
perspective or then I was like is that I
thought that was one leg and that was
the other leg
sounds like what anyway booty shots
booty shots booty shots booty shots
booty shots
wait a minute you know how you don't
know your left and right maybe you
should start wearing these trainings
trip training spots the videos as guys
why don't we get this much selection
there's an entire wall dedicated to
socks we don't get this I go in it's Eva
you want black socks repechage that's it
2018 I demand equal amounts of socks
selection as shops like even underwear
like I just wear like Calvin Klein black
and yeah you know we can get a bit
variation place like an entire building
just for underwear and was that women
wearing I'm gonna start yeah
I'm gonna start with me wearing women
what don't start wearing women's 20
million light gray I'll wear this yeah
tell it if you want Livia's fella oh I
wouldn't want this is an entire rack
just fell off I know you
they have CCTV in it they will search
things you easily get my haircut here
but everyone here looks fresh as hell
and the more important thing is is
called mr. beard more I think need a bit
to get away after these guys don't
beards
I'm what quit well let's go to the
Trafford Centre for swimming costume she
said well we found one we found some
other stuff socks
I found socks I found boxes but we're
gonna get stuck in traffic going home so
we thought puts that we're gonna go to
the cinemas watch the final major
Norwich I don't want to do because I
hate this the series is shit it just got
salmon in it because the traffic's bad
we're gonna go to the sea major owner
come out go to Wagga Mama's for food and
then head home to be no traffic
just like the perfect bloody plan as
long as there's nothing I'm supposed to
be doing in between then Richard this
current rate there probably is I wonder
which engagement ring I should get the
Lydia hmm such a classy woman changing
her shoes in the middle of the mall yeah
look at those
I need Oh get your foot out loud don't
made it to Odeon this place has got like
a fully-fledged bar well I'm driving I
won't have a drink take it steady
another hot dog
yo this screen this screen is absolutely
massive well it's safe to say this
cinemas is absolutely rammed oh well
that was a lovely film and what you
completely missed because I wasn't going
in time all right so it turns out my
dramatic conundrum of not being on
stream the new DLC rather than fucking
things up I just said you know what fuck
this I want to travel I want to do cool
shit so we'll go in out to the trip to
do what we're supposed to be doing it
and I'm not gonna cook it up with no
stupid streaming messing around us if I
can stream awesome out there and it's
how it works then I waited for in the
back ground there that was a pole bar in
the background I was like we're what the
hell
there's sort of random third face there
so is this like you know if I can stream
whilst them out that I will do but I'm
not gonna delay the trip to be able to
just do it self decision has been made
I know us if they're that expensive why
was yours not on display in a glass
cabinet and oh it's no bus Cameron I
thought that was actually a glass
cabinet hey Cal Z's man's not our man
can't fucking breathe Jesus so this if I
could get if I got a mine clear and I
could match Lydia
you know this section in Selfridges
chocolates and it is like the heat thing
the high V section of it but there's one
piece of clothing that I just love them
one run that I love and it's off-white
I'm really really intense I know I fell
in this clip two seconds ago but it
broke but I love this jumper here is the
Mona Lisa taped to a jumper and it's got
this on the back it's the off-white like
van logo and I really really like it the
quality feels amazing but the one thing
that doesn't feel amazing is where the
price whoa
what the hell who comes with all this
attachment it's like I don't know other
goddamn prices where is the price it's
just a jumper and it's 370 pounds but I
really like it like I said it I'm not
about all that like pain crazy amounts
of money first something like that like
trainers I don't really mind cuz like
the comfort level but jumper that you're
not gonna wear all the time like ya know
like I'm down to spend a lot more in
your like your bed like a walk critical
like yeah you know like I'm Canada Goose
cokes gonna weigh it quite a lot and
stuff like that but like a jump but you
know I'm gonna wear that every day I
yeah like if you do we're over there's
like you know up the bed your shoes like
them somewhere all the time yeah like
you spend a lot of money on a bet
because you're gonna spend a lot of time
using it she literally had my pants down
there boy does this make sense see you
guys while she's in the changing room
cuz it does that make sense I can't
justify spending quite like not a lot of
money on something if you're gonna use
it a lot you spend a lot more in the car
because you're gonna use a lot you spend
a lot minute bone she's gonna use it a
lot you're gonna spend a lot of money on
bedding and your bed so you have a comp
you night sleep to better yours like
your day and that like that experience
whereas buying like a like a one-off
piece of clothing you're like like a
girl or that really nice I'm like she
didn't use it all the time but someone
could say that to me about a Breitling
watch however I usually wear that
everyday
I don't usually buy like one off
occasional stuff I use something that I
can use all the time that way I can
justify the price of it I can just a bit
so I think that's a fair comment to say
yeah alright go on take a guess how much
is it gonna cost me to fill it up
completely and I'm nearly empty sixty
okay you're right I didn't actually I
didn't actually take a guess before like
before the start but when it was going
in I was like 65 for well done I heard
it going mmm like a glass of water
filling up 60 pounds of fifty pence Dean
okay next up syndicate original is this
the right one nope
there we go it's like Nanticoke at night
and I'm doing this because I left my
laptop here and all my clothes for the
trip tomorrow so
hopefully there's a lab doesn't go up by
the time I get in and I can get my stuff
go and get the cats drop off at Lydia's
mommed and then actually one drop off
the keys off of my mom's house mom's
boyfriend's house I don't know why that
is so rude this better not be the part
where I find out syndicate regional is
haunted
no thank you no ghosts no none of that
nope nope nope nope nope nope no no no
getting one step closer to being ready
for this trip and look at these to talk
about assembling the kittens in the
defender oh my god that's terrifying
hello this is like an animal compound
vehicle they're just here in the back
hello look at this you've got your own
eye that small verse that it could both
fit in one but now they need one each
your little sassy bastards you okay you
okay we'll be home soon you go and stay
at your end he's okay I love you too the
kennels or something okay no no balloon
she's so confused off to the kennels
evil-eyed cats off to the kennels
how we doing did we enjoy the trip oh my
god that was one hell of a ride for them
the car was so cool Hey okay okay okay
okay all right kitty cat home setup is
ready to be used
cats are you ready for freedom please
let's see how fast each one of them runs
out okay God's beans brand-new hamper
suits you sir go on my friend be free
use like I love this place Oh Kate a
balloon a balloon in her very used
humper and you're a tease and don't I'll
help you she's this isn't where I got in
the car look how big her tail is her
little Ricky's tail is massive no I
always hate leaving the kitty cats but
let's see it let's see if I can see them
I'm not in the room let's see what they
get up to I got stuck on the bush
look oh no no no the fuck she's ruining
it Valley oh you caught me
hello hello no as if he found me but
it's Luna if you're here where's your
sister
oh she's there oh no oh that is so that
might be the cutest video I haven't the
cats on my phone oh my god the persons
taking a long time to open the door okay
yeah let's take a while maybe in it mean
15 hours late what you mean Pig look in
the duel I look so attractive right I
think I'm packed
I got no pants on Lydia's embedded how
much did we win how much did we win how
much it cost it's all ten pounds and
we're broke even don't mean just oh wait
I was gonna throw them away them but
then I realized need to cash it in so
I'm just gonna put them right there but
because we're flying somewhere Newton
tomorrow we'll find somewhere new what
are we taking runs watch it's a new
fight I've never been on before I don't
take it on the LA fights anymore because
I should the same fly and the whole
point of me having runs watch is to fly
it to new destinations so you know what
runs watch adventures I try I try and
trouble as light as possible so I like
my day-to-day life
I honestly usually just pair wet curb I
usually just try and I usually only wear
one pair of jeans it's pretty simple I
usually like one or two pair of the same
jeans because I know I like them they
fit me and that's perfect so I've got
these diesel jeans which I'm just
wearing and I'm going to take with me on
the entire trip so one pair of jeans one
pair of socks and boxes for every single
day now the trip that went on at first
it's three days but we may be extended
it's like 10 days so I've got enough for
10 days socks and boxers absolutely set
obviously then I got myself the simple
things of maybe some shorts in case it's
hot and a nice going out shirt also my
dress shoes also in there is my Cintiq
original clothes that you saw today but
what I'm taking with me is this stuff
now you saw me complain about oh I might
not be able to stream the DLC well what
I'm trying to do and why I'm organizing
is I'm asking one of the guys whilst I'm
out in LA to get their Playstations
ready
download the new DLC for world war two
bring it up to the mountains with them
and if there is the possibility that the
Internet where we are is good I'm gonna
hopefully be able to stream the DL State
won't be like that you know like the
minute it comes out with some other but
I might have the possibility of
streaming it just in case vacuum up my
razor laptop and my razor bag with all
my gear for my mobile so if you don't
remember what this is this is a little
audio interface to make my audio sound
beautiful got my microphone with a
little stand here so usually I've done
like a big like mount sort of thing but
this is just so I can as like a little
desktop now it worked perfectly
massive shout out to object X for
lending me this or letting get me like
two years ago but this is a problem
we've got pretty sure it's not supposed
to make that sound which has led me to
believe it's broken I do have to admit
and grassle at the last person to use
this microphone was actually terrorized
at my house here I haven't used it since
I think I was in like maybe the Cayman
Islands or something like that asks
somewhere another bought I realized that
it's making this noise like as if
there's a ball loose or something which
I don't think it's supposed to make so
I'm taking mine instead doesn't make
that noise that's pilots out so this is
audio taken care of this yeah you're
definitely part of Salib this is a very
important piece of equipment for any
like person really like a laptop most
laptops don't come with an ethernet
cable so if you buy this and curved plug
in USB three to three extensions of a
USB three it comes with an Ethernet port
in it which is really really good and
that can go up to like 10 gigabytes 10
gigabytes per second sort of thing so
it's a really really really good cable
definite recommend it and then got my
Logitech Brio which can do like I think
4k or 1080p 60fps so that's really
important obviously universal plug
socket thing the light with USB is on
top for charging but most importantly to
transfer on the laptop power and stuff
good for that so I go with that and this
is pretty much what I take with me oh
not forgetting I'm gonna be taking my
razor ripsaw so this is just hate you my
HDMI in HDMI out and that that way I can
get the footage from the PlayStation
into my laptop and then stream I don't
think I need any big sort of PC just a
streaming game play on OBS so I think I
should be alright with this so as long
as the team somehow managed to bring a
PlayStation with the cod DLC installed
on it I should be able to stream it as
to when that's happening if you're
watching this video right now maybe
check out my twitch I may be live I may
not be just follow me on to a person
indicate I'll let you guys know when I'm
gonna first ever play it so if I can get
it done I can get it doing but at least
you know I really really tried to make
it happen so and yeah let's see if it's
a success that is what you need for a
mobile gaming cell isis paranoia got a
bowl of pirates
thanks to the wife love you baby got
myself a hot chocolate passport wallet
watch watch batteries spare headphones
ticket a keys I'm not even taking ticket
Jackie's bags packed these two are the
only things I need I think and I didn't
even knew that glue like that that's
awesome just completely realized I need
to I will try the vlog right now so it's
currently like 6 o'clock in the morning
this hat is one-of-a-kind before you
start asking where you buy you buy this
hats indication calm but to get it
customized you're gonna need one Lydia
to be able to do that's just a rarity
that you'll never combine your life
which is a legend she belongs to me ok I
got go thank you very much for watching
make your leave a like rain thank you
for all the support on the 4k video by
the way
it was very stressful to get done and
they were a few of you have 4k or
internet capable of viewing 4k but it
just is were there so thanks for
watching hopefully this traffic isn't
too bad and do we don't miss up like
because if we do we've basically fucked
everything up so much love you're all
awesome
dominant at pro syndicate I'll let you
know what's going on with a whole life
to everything I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next daily vlog so
deep Haas
