all right so before today's video starts
guys I'm sure you've seen on the news
right now but there's been a terrorist
attack in Manchester the m en arena
ariana grande ray was doing a concert
finished and a bomb went off and I think
now it's done 22 people were killed
it's fucking awful it should never
happen the world we live in is
completely so messed up but there's so
much good in this world that stuff like
this tries to ruin it but we can never
let it get us down my thoughts and
prayers was a friend and the families of
people were like you were injured or
killed but the one thing I ever want to
bring from this is if you ever know of
anyone who's been hexed by extremists or
is planning on doing something I was
thinking of doing something even if
you're just a little bit suspicious of
it I think anything might be out the
ordinary tell someone if you don't tell
someone
it can never be stopped they save all of
you all and yesterday's walk now this is
what I'm talking about pastry the law
mmm lovely mundane paddy I said it so
much that Hotel is amazing I just for
okay you know get you guys sat down a
night
I'm taking my breakfast on the go to
plan the shelter that's really good act
Oh Alice Carl oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god look at that absolutely
perfecto mondo shit our the trees in da
ha ha wait wait wait wait wait man look
at this it's so nice
absolutely Georgie how we were earlier
goes up and even walk around another
layer may take you all the way to the
top beautiful
boogie for booking couple common all
guys we've made it in didn't just take
us 45 minutes or anything but we're in
and if you look straight up the Eiffel
Towers bottom this is nice like body
what you should look you so happy of
yourself
fuck you that what we're looking at
where you go about it everywhere you
commuter for me absolutely look at that
absolutely gorgeous Gorge it was a liver
not believe he but people he drunk I'm
pretty sure that's called monument
listen I'm probably wrong it's
definitely welcome to France where we
have maximum donut was that maple it
looks like me well yeah what were
izybelle okay Kieran mmm stop the Eiffel
Tower well halfway up the Eiffel Tower
and a macaron that is good things not to
do with dry foam and don't think I
really want to hold my phone off the
edge a pigeons gonna swoop by knockout
round and some good I it got to stay at
the bar I'm seeing my hours why you
taking photos other people flip zooming
of their faces well we were then I like
beautiful city by the way the big
doesn't rhyme saying that that is where
we were yesterday we'll kind of all
those stairs do
what's up - guess what we ran into each
other on top of the world
Oh what are the Jets Isabella McClure
where the Irish guy well the Irish is up
there
aha they make over how did men get so
high oh okay we made it we made it - sup
great trip to Paris blue blue skidoo' in
Paris for a bit longer than we are I
passed along the way and then maybe you
coming over to the UK it's love fingers
crossed
now in half dude I'm gonna make it
happen get it you're gonna make it
happen brother really want it and you
can fire at my house because and Steve
have you bet leave I bet I hope you
survive there it is again
if i zoom in you can see them like long
metal cages there that's not Haddix for
the formula erase no no way absolutely
beautiful scene look at it look at that
that's what we were taking up this
big-ass building gorgeous hey Carl
a sordid ass harder us hey it is a
solder a sort of down we go
sev'ral found me shit with probably know
maybe that twinsies down we go
several hundred feet reduce spending why
we came early so we're not inside this
how where it was amazing I loved it I
put eyes thank you miss super cool
brilliant mmm at least I love you you
might see tell you every age we lucky
guy's too short make the most of it I'm
saying this right now to stop the hype I
can't tell you what it is but we have
summit six coming out at cynic original
that is gonna be limited edition and
once they're gone they're gone in that
right yeah damn right like you guys know
what this soon I love Paris but I hate
these dudes walking around with a
goddamn pirate little Paris thing Thank
You Paris things Apple towers like like
you described him the like the like the
walkers from walking dead oh my god they
just crawl toward you and I go sinking
eating during bang bang bang Thanks
yeah they're just coins what you just
added jingling of the towers car world
our five by five or one that's overnight
out on all these years of abuse hating
me you're the one messing with and let
go look okay we're good when I routes
our Charles smile Kyle Miami trying to
take a picture of God I'm sorry I'm
sorry
oh you want me that was never the car
but you wouldn't move it's a break broke
its record down losing Luke
oops going going to a brewery which is a
really cool thing well he's going and
we've all got a flight to catch it five
o'clock so hopefully see you nearly
hopeless I'm good in England see my
screws how are you doing oh look at them
doing a little photo shoot so adorably
cute I'm not taking a bit I think is
that Vicki oh hey look at them buns
can I get in that there you go there's
your folks me professional
oh of course them to get sexual Castle
to stand there not be able to do
anything and smile oh wow
how you feel about that Karl that
literally just stood there therapist a
stereo moogly God Alice has just
finished her photo shoots we got some
photos of me and car and I'll sure
because he's got a sick camera the 70d
is not contain yet I'm not sure how much
doesn't go father
this cost me one and a half thousand one
half thousand then we need to spend a
lot of two grand on a good land ah nope
nope nope stick - it's going to go for
the shredded Parmesan but instead I'm
going to get the Parma ham pizza for
fresh start and catechol and that's the
way oh ha ha I like it ha ha ha ha
that's the way I like it
we better get sales because the kitchen
is LF busy and you know what I don't
care because I got egg and ham play
again play again but exam we on made it
to the hotel all we need to do is
collect our bags and we're going brand
of it off all right look Bonjour sorry
right which is nice guy bike and we're
good
how come is this hotel oh wait I didn't
give it a review but if I have to I give
this like an iPhone 5 out then I feel
older don't you all really map up on the
water the cane yeah among that they told
me I am going to miss this place so much
I was actually really apprehensive about
coming to Paris and for the sixth grade
the dangers gone and you know what the
people do not care I absolutely care
that is a beautiful car we're going to
turn it off massive fan of us tomorrow's
James Bond er
I like my hair is there with him
because I'm such a happy little fun one
yeah yeah try you get kind I don't know
if you guys know but this is a three-way
relationship we would that said Brian if
you do get the opportunity whilst we're
all back in the UK to come over to
England and hang out we do it with love
something you can stamp my out so we can
share cool thanks Brian
love you look at your sea layer
I'd be the same to Terminal one take
care of my boy do you soon babe I just
got you babe well we made it to the yeah
put with time to spare we not late don't
hate we'd like to take like great but
rank you know you're not a rhymer
all right oh it's rhyme your sublime
behind like Joe so you're a mug come to
me I'll squash you like a bug
that right Sarge a destination for us is
going to be Manchester p69 okay Ally
yeah okay I mean is all good
are you go a lot of good I think are
they gonna be good
I'm just going to put that needle back
in your bow and yes okay God oh yeah
yeah oh it's a pen
I mean you caught them I know right
there are about two nailed it actually
don't like Oh what I don't get raising
them apart on the Moulin Rouge did you
mmm 9y well longer you asked for the
French funds listen to this and if you
can translate in the comments
bonza annoys your belly more she Alabama
cocks test now I'm going to tell top of
that means we'll find out in the
comments down below okay
and there's mine all right we got
watching the vlog from here today yes
just like that we are thorough security
heading to our gate with the rain fog
plenty of time to spare and trying to
get my blog title thumbnails in all done
and dusted
a back strong so relax the date of my
vlogging on time
I'd like the David's was nice and
relaxing because really neat chairs that
lean back bought my parents thought it
was an amazing idea to let the kid just
go ham Baroni
I don't three kid go ham brownie on the
piano once everyone here has to suffer a
grinder dying people run we stood there
in light and all students Cree comes
over and says that you just watching one
a month long shot that what I'm
uploading my blog right now but you want
to talk path yeah I was gonna kill me
but I don't care
I'm talking at home brand new I don't
think I'll even warning thank you
that trade I syndicate hat for it is it
Chicago ball yeah deal there you go
that's what you call a deal thanks
brother moving the hat by the way
good man appreciate that right we
resorted because we're waiting that long
for it and the balls of him so are you
ready 60 seconds starting now wow it's
already got one oh I only got three by
the way in 60 seconds 10 seconds down
I told you man when you're under
pressure it stops if you second shelf
15 seconds go pressure 10 second Cal 9 8
stop the clock
I hate ya I hate you with passion oh
don't your daddy baby there's the heart
in a wild yeah nice umbrella those those
were also a bit of a story I just edit
and upload my vlog earlier today and as
I was just doing the pilot learned from
now on the airport I looked in this
video was fully corrupted like it's
fully corrupted he just throws it like
20 minute mark so like shit so I reacted
it together process they upload it and
because the flight was due I manage to
get it uploaded on time for your guys so
paces so if you watched yesterday's vlog
at 6 o'clock I managed to do it
the video that someone is doing even in
this very welcome
tomorrow Carl does it sound easy Kisame
here we go and Alex type a shit about
the legroom calling it Henry Waggaman
look we're never objective you got more
legroom
they take this everyone and take photos
with it because they're really cute
couple so we're - we met na VI technique
ok
we don't slug in the heart you just
always beauty or old baby I think you
just got run over
Wow no no no nobody no no you no no no
my god Jimmy stop we're going live to a
playback and play-by-play to see what
happened in the incident where the
elephant got dropped on the floor
digital took a journey
oh that's cause what I'm saying is that
the whole buck now Maggie exactly that I
hit and run to have to go and arrest
that guy or is it he made it I drop it
it wrong look at it roll hello when we
look over I think you missed it
knows if you kicked it in the next year
okay okay okay
looks like people in the plane of what
they're a drop on I'm going to a drop in
this picture we need to look for
someone's reaction when this goes
through
is waiting get accepted to yet -
councilman clue in the pocket will show
the line of heavens
this is the best thing ever when you
ever in public turn on your ad long as
you can see you've got it open and set
to everyone and you can send them
something when you send them something
it pops what's a big image on the phone
you have to accept or decline it and
this is what I'm sending some roll is
actually three people exempt of it but
your heroes are thought today I show you
how to make event noodles which are
might have another Sikandar instant hot
water in decline we speed up the process
it's not my partner
but I have cost you but if your friend
why do you Chinese noodles oh hold on
you see I don't know what I don't even
know how to tell no no I'm not messing
with you I think don't doubt it did not
return on that ok Bonjour ok first of
all we need time run for this we need
other three minutes 20 ok good
all right it's simple as this we have
boiling boiling you take out the noodles
and we always do this like efficiently
like ok we open up this a me Robin the
best today we have to go home ramen
getting the chicken and the little of
the day being with stick choose or not
and really not use your a single drug
not sure what we're on specific anyway
boiling broth the EMP immunity interest
into degree clock and yes we pick out
such a one as such it is such a one as a
I do and we do the same what to wait for
this to boil you want to toss really
want
gusto and they see the gusto
oh good hola well man I didn't know so
much good stuff now we have sent in one
video friends we bled on marathon thank
you sir
Wow okay we know the history but then we
have to do the theme we try to wait for
them to serve to absorb fully only a
hundred mils of water that could be
wrong with agent 500 milliwatts without
science track of itself okay but as you
can see come close come close move my
private documents okay
hey you can see that we have the Dalai
Lama noodles in here absorbing look we
look we make sure they absorb they
observe seem a little soggy it's no
longer hard it's like a floppy ready for
another coming
Kairos turn it will come back to you now
three minute you come back in three
minutes about me we have module what are
you putting in there okay so we emptied
sachet one especially to into the pan as
you see I turned the heat off you can
leave it on the title and you stir stir
stir stir stir with only momentum amount
of water you keep it in there so that
you she's nice together look at that
okay I record and all that that's good
this is actually shit that was a bad one
so this one's a good one okay so we've
got not a lot of much water in that
watch
so we drained the water I guess it's a
little bit so this implies chilly
moisture moisture
okay we then go first such as number one
okay like this we until the sachet in
right like this that I put all that
ghosts of all you scribble scribble
scribble then you go for the oil I think
and then you still yes on earth what the
deputy chief can see and then look oh
look at the flavor look at the color
yeah this is good this is good you mix
it mix it mix it mix it mix you could
deduce you keep the just going it tastes
flavorful it just beautiful
yeah ladies you have weekend you can't
go to the castle the main man has locked
into the bilang we we we get ready oh oh
look at the anything anything give me a
call please
we made you a sister yeah can we fuck
off no I thought yes I did with no
reason to thank for this I should I'm
good
I say I'm going to go 40 songs I think
Santa okay Ali yeah okay
I mean you got good how'd it go I'll be
good I think it is he good to be good
I'm just going to put that you go back
in your boat and yes okay Carl oh yeah
yeah out of ten I mean you caught them
no right there I've actually nailed it
actually don't like Oh what I don't get
many done our part on the Moulin Rouge
did you mmm nein yo
well longer you are for the French
thumbs listen to this and if you can
translate in the comments bonza enjoy
Japan but Lily Marshall Bowman cocks
chest now I'm going to tell someone that
means we'll find out in the comments
down below okay
and there's mine alright we don't want
you to vlog from yesterday now like the
weird stage of the day where we go back
and watch my ball because when I'm with
these guys they want to watch the ball
because they're all obviously in it's
like a film their day and we're gonna go
back and just just chill laundromats it
so first of all I'm by limit itself
having to pressure I appreciate you
being here I love you
but you know what you can do you can
take that cap you can take your shit
stains and you can both piss off they've
been arguing about
Ubud in the toilet for the past 15
minutes get my mom out house mammals got
curlier
and Russia dirty did you believe she's
psycho she's gonna murder you literally
you literally just walked out the door
and you turn around just go why do we
out friend
why would open the drunkenness it equal
a rug
I don't put the alcohol in your system
you're grown up ooom who actually did
she kept pouring on the fro no I do like
a liqu I did actually several times
again you can log-in okay and I didn't
put the clips in
whose clips where you threw up all over
yourself okay II tell the truth I have
the clip ok then I'll put it in today's
vlog don't kill me
bring Starbucks tomorrow ok will do love
you bye now goodbye
why oh my god I'll see you later kid
goodbye now did you enjoy your trip to
Paris you're more than welcome I'm glad
I could fill you guys in an adventure
all right say goodbye to the kitty cat
we didn't cap prison right now
I ain't never part our way hello gadget
in kept the while he looks mad I'm gonna
let you off see you tomorrow
see tomorrow okay sounds like a bunch
mr. Lupo bye
there we go ladies and gentleman I have
finally edited my log two o'clock in the
afternoon it's time to start my day I
was actually going to go to the doctor's
today regarding my knee as you all know
it's denied bus stop for my life now 9
months and it's been really bad other
than a parasite not be able to walk for
because of the terrorist attacks happen
in Manchester all the hospitals are
filled like with everyone who's been
involved in it and so I'm not going to
bother going to the hospitals and just
because I'm going to turn over the knee
like or give me attention when it's like
no there's more important people that
need to be seen and you know attended to
so I'm not going to bother with that
until maybe like later and I'm the
weakest ones in my book again a false
impression with everyone and I'd really
stress what I mean about like if you
know it sort it's like goes to let
people in America if you ever get like
like any inkling that you know there's
ever going to be a school shoot no you
know and he's doing something that they
shouldn't be doing or something like
that tell someone the best thing you can
always do is tell someone otherwise how
is it
to get stopped and it you know it's just
a really difficult situation to ever be
in I understand book it's really really
messed up but Manchester strong we
always have been we're sticking together
and we will continue to do so I was
hoping to go and donate blood today
with my mom and Alice but it turns out
that the blood bank is actually full
it's like the lion goes around the
corner for people trying to donate so I
feel free tomorrow they're going down
donating blood for that cause as well
not too sure how that's going to grow by
the way because I've had blood draws
before but only three little vials in
our bag and yeah I know it passed the
hell out so tomorrow's vlog might
consist of me like passing out so there
you go but thank you very much for
watching I'll catch you guys tomorrow
make sure to LIKE rate and subscribe and
just send your prayers to everyone
involved in this scenario and catch you
guys next time
