it's a new dawn a new day should that
Lily Lily Lily Lily Little Italy let's
go leading Lee who Nietzsche I mean
green Kim honey daddy throw up last
night Alice Alice wait wait you point
did I always throw up last night we're
nervous oh oh oh beautiful topper this
smells like ass God that smells like ass
uh take a guess oh my gosh
I never saw the s5s VI available looks
so sexy
Oh oh my god they're all backing them up
that's what I want that's my baby that's
my baby he's driving it oh my gosh
look at that thing look at that thing I
want that one I want that one I want
that one
top number one of the day we are quickly
going to get coffee in his a douche bye
dad
I'm - chocolate bunny sure glad shut up
watch isn't it sheesh okay
you just gotta love this we basically
got given the driver for the day the Jag
you could like he's got nothing else to
do so he's driving his around to
everywhere we want to go in Paris and
our next stop our first stop of the day
after coffee either
the French catacombs who the fuck is
that guy
Wendy bit really watch going to the
catacombs
but there's no tickets available
okay this is what we need coolers you
have look at this and oh my lord
unfortunately we could go to cons
absolute joy but we have forget and we
have the car Wow look at this remember
like that's just a river well that's the
not road am look at the size of it
Allyson cow being tourists be as all
hell I'm actually been here before
completely forgot bike when I am isn't
do daily vlogging I came here without my
ex-girlfriend and we went all inside it
looks well good although I just statues
and stuff on the outside I'll show you
in a minute like gargoyles like
incredible oh my God look at all the
nice statues look good detail holy crap
it's amazing man in it mad oh now you
join us look at the detail in them crazy
I'm gonna I'm kind of wondering why this
dragon thing you've looking at guys stop
look we won't talk like yes it is where
the remote shine came from also that
guy's star doing
it is real
I've got a lot of guys here
we love to get the most or a more
intelligent one if you couldn't end up
in a video game
me
yes
we bust on the boss fight engage look at
this oh my gosh so much detail in each
window right it's what have you go with
your life what you do your I don't look
at that imagine if you made what did you
find
what's that how did you yes my hands
we're hands well he did it would exceed
oh yeah but you make for you yeah
everything
idiot for this is what not to come
started hunt anyone all the way what it
is today
up there I'm pretty big upgrade okay
absolutely not
funky Munky hours she didn't make this
didn't make anything with you like
you're still failure at the tender care
is not a good oh look at that we put
like a pocket watch in the papers at
some of my time
would you run out much you dinner
incredible absolutely
I have to ask what is the story behind
the nipple twist I've always had a
nipple quickly explore such that when he
looks down is going to go into anything
I loved actually loves know it's or
knows in the comment the story behind it
I've been being nipple twisted and the
fact that wise people's why are people
watching they look frankly important
because Ben's going to get in a glove I
couldn't feel good Oh what do you think
of this place like it gonna come again
this place is that beautiful pocket
could you remind me that the big room
from Harry Potter of a few candles or
time before I mean Kendall resides at
one fling Wow
are you crying screaming oh we need to
be or not this is not the bridge trust
me I've been here with an ex-girlfriend
and put one on and what you put a lock
and you put your names on it from there
however I think they may have moved the
bridge because it was falling down
remove the bridge and now they've
created this space for people to put a
locked on here there's a look at these
blocks Wow
Oh all these relationship you know what
I'm interested in how many of these
people have two broke up like because
the thing is they're supposed to come
back and take the lock off if you break
up with them but I never took my
ex-girlfriends off so know who the
bridge down that I'm telling you there's
another bridge down there that'll bring
on a pretty good why would I just come
to a random corner and put a lock on a
corner that's dumb it's which brought on
the log bridge a bridge of love it's the
oldest hustle in history like three-card
Monte my brother Sammy doing for the
ball and selling look this decides to
Jesus for how he keeps losing because
it's rigged as all tip Alice are you
gonna buy a lock and put it on there's
seven locks how you're not going to buy
a locker for all of your ribbons go all
the present kill yourself all right mate
calm down
instead you buy her an expensive ring to
tell you over and one is commercialize
it all right if you know what role I'm
going to buy my girlfriend in a college
or a fucking show well you got it alone
pie well my future girlfriend I'm not
gonna buy a ring I'm gonna buy a padlock
pocket in a bloody wall you're an idiot
thanks for looking for tomato paste so
good thank you very much sir have a nice
day we've already texted
remove them so cool a 1 1 a 1 1 Cal
don't fall
holy crap we just pulled off to this
restaurant and just get drain discharged
a refreshing drink and then you lied to
a small leave me to my last coat so we
said oh go for garages all piles got
live jokes you can say what you want but
that was a lot Ridge
I always how was it babies I agree they
took it away because I'm stuck you guys
that took it away because the bridge was
gonna fall down wait so all the warmth
is all the lowly on the bridge you were
right in your glasses I told it and now
they're going to the loo oh ha ha ha ha
look at that absolutely beautiful it's a
blurry in Egypt we made it to the
triangle what subbulu if is that the
absolute was the whole thing the whole
thing the whole thing is the whole thing
with the louver de louvre did you
hey guys like to come to Paris
appreciate you know if you want one for
unum Iowa City original come you show
you do come close now that I'm excited
over Boogaloo jutsu here we see a world
alrededor loose walking along doing that
thing whilst this person is trying to
work out how to a selfie with a GoPro I
mean they'll put the way you move
anything that you stay still I can't get
out there you're gonna look beautiful
going coral no way please unroll escape
that's actually genius why the hell not
I love it right wait hours hmm
please I'm still here even though we've
wall well far away
you've heard of Robocop you've heard of
super cop good cop bad cop but have you
ever heard of rolla cop
there's three of them so wrong
throw a rule blade this is the best
thing I've ever seen
no way the fittest nay these guys do not
mess around Brian they got some asses
man so they got red dots oh yeah they
got holographic sights body armor
pistols Jesus no no no no I could
understand Webster's eight photos would
like doves or something but putting
jeans on you I don't know about that I
saw everyone over and scare them off
that would be like a dream come true for
me just whoa that guy's multitasking
bird holy crap guys got skills
this guy's like legit the chicken tamer
I mean chicken set bird tamer look look
it's a pigeon tamer what is this what is
happening what getting slapped in the
face by pigeons the hell is a pigeon
juggler what am I even witnessing right
now
king of the pigeons oh hell no stay away
from me flying wrap these guys I scream
I scream high five thank you very much
appreciated for me in the fucking
description okie cry I didn't ask him to
do it for the vlog I just did it I don't
know why did it is a monavie no Jason
Statham was a brother a girlfriend to me
this is mine is my friend this is Brian
Brian this is Jason Statham
all these people on top of it go on how
strange
that's a mate body thing is massive CDC
has flippin heck that is one big ah
roundabout house does not mess around
absolutely gorgeous
how long was I taking the blue yes Brian
shake that ass to me beautiful night
beautiful someone's biggest it thank you
thank you sir Wow not even it Wow I
don't know is something Rosie when it
Wow game
hey Brian I'm quite a wild blogger
coffee he's vlogging ha ha ha ha no way
spectacles on a dress I'm vlogging of
water look at the detail in this thing
just so impressive so impressive oh look
two penises do notice them which still
winking like a sausage and now they want
me to walk a bit ai ai oh we made it
some big-ass church on the hill and look
at this view
bloody have you big jerks and a guy up a
lamppost doing football skills
oh no he's coming down hundred set and
Diddy is bothered by those he pretty
much sets the realize comes with you
know keep walking babe say ah no no more
no way
Wow lost it Wow nice absolutely
incredible
travellers gonna shut up laughs this you
ding dong Mai Bing bong ahh
oh my god you could actually like walk
into someone's light window or is it all
that's in it that's so sick
how do you guys try keeping the same
place remove oh this is a difficult
touch my friend time so do you enjoy the
view because guess what that's Paris and
that right back again I will go a little
wide it's not focusing right Oh Alec do
you thing on uh-huh we we just we we you
know I'm so sorry
French for ha ha she's pretty natural
look at my desk always got the arse mate
listen I have to do this because I can't
just say I can't do normal what what are
you doing why are you show it off
showing off today
oh why yes this is a Syrian street
taking place this is this park all me
you want to go down look want to go
storage above the Rheumatology we bored
horse calling everyone off there's 50
people behind us
all right yeah oh yeah oh oh
explode everyone's out all the most at
okay how many people will behind this oh
that old woman's just gone she just left
printables
oh my god
Wow acquire Samara this is incredible
absolutely Oh
don't have a bassinet I'm going to get
baptized gone don't you have you know
don't
that is absolutely incredible photos
must be mine
that's where we will talk of water
mounted on our site absolutely amazing
prepared detail lovely not a see a bill
wrote that modified fish you think the
Google that meniscus today
people rub these for what I've created
only a white van nuys well that was a
really good recommendation Brian thank
you for your time and patience grace do
it and how is much look normally swollen
knee look how swollen it will happen
here
that's very very yeah when I'm in parish
the vlog didn't have to be loaded until
7 p.m.
Paris Cod or French and France and
function and French time for which a
total and to get a quick pizza and
played show me the pizza off show me
show me a pizza
oh haha alright we think we're saying
goodbye to Adam bye bye also notice
Jason stage of growth for the entire
trip with a Holly I'm Natalia ed Italian
oh you know yeah oh sorry
oh yeah I'm upset goodbye Jason I'm
antsy for everything thank you for
coming up oh thanks ever since I have
you guys seats look incredible hey we're
looking good we were in the same shit oh
no proof mean Cal got a Bevan obsession
with Robert wearing the same stuff you
pop yeah I did that is the most amazing
sat-nav I've ever seen that's incredible
wow this is them dismantling the entire
section of the race wow we're much warm
track yeah there's a product Wow amazing
if you go from k stop new Philemon today
also goes up ah maybe oh no all the
sickening down I've been cool how did
you find this place
you know like how amazing we picked this
place The Syndicate obviously baby cat
Wow instead because I'm called syndicate
in the syndicate bar I've got a drink a
syndicate crystal which is it is kinky
so you have to lick the glass I leave my
power bank now for one second of all I
need to question the Nicholas what
weight is placed
okay look at this listen d hahaha this
dinner yes
oh you know what if we drove past this I
never would have gone in it why there's
no sign on the front not a single sign
just that wall absolutely with me this
drink I got you've got to lick the glass
clean apparently that I know I'm just
gonna lick lick lick I didn't know it
was sour
I would like to say that this is my
drink by the way my nigga I like can't
just say that we've all just been like
you my drink now so I'm licking all yes
this way there was the fakest caustic
Joe and Daniel in Cappadocia Patti we're
looking for some night girl and from pop
action baby Kiku and and sightings over
tonight is like that's the owner of the
actual bar and in deccan age interested
if it was like I believe you're looking
for the owner of what yeah yeah so it's
just what I did and I showed in my
Instagram because I've got the handle a
syndicate my YouTube is forward for
cynic yourself wow how cool the where
the name comes from is an organization
as like the bar by other people who own
it they own here they only use French
liqueur nothing else just French stuff
only in spirit and they defend the fact
that they always use principle so garden
using English jail America any potential
always got so sick
bloody hell that open it boss I was in
Paris the city of food and flavor and
McDonald we don't have time for wearing
me out so there's a wait what is
absolutely what's the picture look like
wait what it's supposed to look like
that
it looks like they may take that back
so well Megan but show the picture and
show that Brian are you excited yeah
we're at the Muller Rouge meaning wall
kid maad dad ha ha
pushing weight right round oh oh wait
there actually was about going okay what
oh my god there's a place called quick
okay fair enough
it's dealing who's excited for some
boom-boom you scream if you like
boondock yeah we made it to the Moulin
Rouge
oh you excited yeah Alex used to be
really really into dancing she's really
good at it
what do you have a spot oh yeah
we get married yeah forgot about that
that is pretty damn good
the only thing I'm gonna be upset with
is if someone who played basketball sit
there is like 7.5 then I'm not good wow
wow wow oh my god
what the actual
oh that was amazing right because we go
in available if you are ever in Paris
make sure you come to Moulin Rouge
absolutely amazing out of ten ten cities
at a time ten tears out of ten Kitty
yeah yeah if the god absolutely
incredible show it was so phenomenal
Alex our attempted attack Emma tonight
engine oh yeah a lot of tittie it look
like that was a problem
no wasn't a problem it was just a shock
he went right there in your face
straight away Kate
yep glad success that's right I did I am
exactly
I love this because I'm pretty sure this
is like a unit for a metro as an Ohana
last time I went yep like people like
like doing circus acts in Java and stuff
in my head skaters are just one guy left
it up another guy it shook his hand and
when that handshake looking up in the
air too far out how amazing was that
wait which one was the best the skater
the hook' all to you guys the skater cuz
it was he saved yeah everyone know I
hardly thought she was in a head if she
would've come up short of just crushed
like 15 people here I think pretty well
he has the morning he came under we have
until the end of another vlog of happy
person in saying this is our last day
tomorrow's vlog is actually really good
so you see a little bit of Paris before
we fly home boards finger we cow cow
huge on trip yeah ours you just trip
random engine trip and clearly look at
the burn sometimes of all kids were
amazing amazing trip and this is the end
of yesterday folks were still in Paris
tomorrow like temple our catch guys then
make you leave light rain subscribe to
catch you on the flip side and as always
thanks for watching on
