you see doesn't look right there imagine
me starting this day by spending money
yes now how much you think it'll be if
you guessed it correctly you get a free
pass on the back from yourself it'll
price war didn't lulu lululu 45-pound
olympus i just jump up my car I'm going
to Ashton Moss bowling and I bump into
these two over here and yeah okay what
did you do at all 1 4 so what and it's a
new names on the board yeah what did you
ball I haven't even made the bird
alright so me and Cal got to be 114 yeah
good luck without some damn fuck
absolutely miserable last day in England
right now I've got a target of 142 to be
a Hollywood Bowl let's make this happen
this is a good way to Saturday got a
coffee why is everyone coming after a
ball influence looks like everyone now
because the bowling is by gunning for us
we've got the 143 I did what did you
score today hundred thirty one and yeah
and you like now - well alright I got
331 142 not only did we bump into
bowling
it got any map the bowling where we go
cons the chippy that we at the other day
in our food review and the grapes
restaurant well where's work you're
gonna have to salt and pepper chicken
for secrets at all right do so sick what
is this sounds bumping into fans over
there taking photos with them say hello
to the vlog and this will sue cows take
a ball we wait hey they wat practice
your cricket at sins whistle to be on
the team and then we can drink do frigid
night and hang out very nice Jesus my
top of our life feelings Russia everyone
we bump into just keeps going you've got
a bowl
George you've got Bolger like what if I
do a bad game so do bad game now I'm
just good look what's going on in
first of all you look amazingly good no
no no what's going on with the name I
have to know jisu a buckler commanded
all over the place
ha ha ha the normal name all right Joey
congregate
I'm legit Bolin the worst game I've ever
bowled in my life period
I even put my braids on my knee so I'd
be ok for if I feel it in for real quick
whether I think for 6 frames in all
right wait for it
6 frames in I'm on 29 that is so bad
we're not even broke we're bowling Mikey
this over usually I'm like nearly a
hundred who got the money money who got
it who got it guys who got it got it you
got it I got the strike it's just up to
me state I'm going really but I got
strike oh no wait you're gonna fall over
the strike ah got it
please put you together I don't know
no way there's one ball between us and
we basically got 375
we need strikes inside time oh he's got
it
it's Johnny
we need to fix this is our first game in
like maybe a week so we've got three
goals left to try it look at them at all
54 53 strike strike this is our like
focusing on Turkey in it they say what
you're a bitch
you're me I know the prices are fix we
do
now I need this bad
now you know what his name you know what
this means dimension hello today the
worst game with its life gone great
Vicky did you dig it you actually did it
wait wait wait wait wait you did it
no you did it your worst game ever turn
it with us and gun Turkey oh right
Bowlings gun turkey help Russia but if
you can get four in a row you're goddamn
sexual deviance said Alice oh god
there's no way there's no way no way
how do you see how do you say any
wheelchair there's no way it gets to try
and get one more go
there's no way it's honest oh my four in
a row
no only did you put wonder if I'm able
to get a would three what was close I
just bowled my worst game in my life
which is 88 even though I got to strike
and cow did a turkey then 4 and score
139 all right girl just an absolute
beast but I watched you complete you so
many fans here at Boeing my absolute
crazy
you just right-click all in one tune
okay
so many of you a problem about dirty boy
B for since I've been a and the thing is
they don't just opposing me to get ball
to Cal as well
it's a head you know what for striking
Rose call off either a four-bagger or a
hambone hamboning your humble oh oh no
you did not just do that you did not
just do that
you did not you see that how did it
matter alright but Calvin I'm strike I'm
on spare I'm going to strike for a
brilliant strike
what's all that I don't know a bulb that
way there's no way to spin on the ball
don't care how is beyond destroying
don't know 137 with one more go left and
I look you see the scores you see that
frame there that white white white speck
does that mean I like ready one foot to
flip these footballs book five quits
that's right holy crap
oh there we go how long for takes me
13350 I'm nearly at eternity
look strike strike nine alright I find
that we picked up today eight we've gone
55 cows 146 143 133 I can replace this
guy hello can replace this guy I mean so
quick I want to talk about it once when
he took me for 136 that was a good end
game but that should have been a such a
better game I got way too many non
d'affaires
you gotta be honest that does look like
we're doing it go maybe some cookies
okay let's go see no saw some chickens
doctor ticket
I thought we were doing his way to the
grave right yep definitely never seen
someone so badly look like wet man I am
so good so good I'm at the I bowled 133
callable the higher game because it's a
better bowler we should have had it we
needed one more game in us I tell you
what we could have had it we should be
on that we should have been 116 that and
on the top of leaderboards for the
weekend and that is the early phase is
dead
module well one time I don't care you
can't you get scared
I bring you coffee come on to bring you
I feel a lot after sex it is bad Wow
why did you create the door as a perfect
should you step back the doors off all
right shit well that scare tactic didn't
work Oh this t-shirt is kind of relevant
today in Ellis are we going to start
teaching it yet what we're doing should
we tell them yet why so many stuff is
complete that ain't much with not
English they don't get a lot of people
been saying it a lot of something good
okay let's lot of stuff in the bag and
like get a lot all this come from
America recognize that can said United
States Postal Service on it really what
is this all the fires going out and it
all should I do some run things then oh
do we know who this guy's on the front
next to me we should find out who that
is intent hokey mob if he's going
another Flyers whoever this person is to
someone in the comments let me know few
days what his name is and where he's
from because what I'll do is I'll get in
touch of them or sending like one of
everything because because he's on every
some one of these leaflets also Alice
we're going to do what we did fries 60
I'm going to sign like 10 10 no 20 20
I mean I'm the sign 1337 no 300 extra
that's what does it dream drew down I'm
gonna sign 33.7 no I'm going to sign 33
of these 33 and I'm going to write one
hashtag 233 hashtag and and if you buy
anything from cynic original you get the
chance to get one of these signs if you
care about it by the way I'm just going
to say I probably don't care but damn
know you're gonna win something you
don't win it's silent oh yeah I don't
know yeah just had some of it some
people liked it and when we do it for
Isaac Lee someone's gonna do it again
most people they don't gamble on
whatever this I don't think it has a
proper name but someone who's really
high up in the sport called a scene
called a fallback for bagger
Oh hambone so it's a turkey Oh Matthew
ah I don't mean by that we may keep this
year in the UK better much useful
information agencies wish me I haven't
seen somebody though then if you can box
in film could you replace me my bill
she's going to enjoy any time together
since she came back over 40 available
detail the second to him as a real
economist chemically oh I know you do
this in numbers oh we did a lot of
swipes and it Pro fitness yeah I think
this is a nanny bracelet inside a tent
yeah oh you said it means inside it one
thing I'm not to shout out to the homie
to Tom here's a little something to help
with the knee pain hope it's feeling
good soon love to all that says
something B 30 au is that username what
does it say on the back of it says
something pain what it was that same um
not that um unbe 38 and be thoroughly
and thank you what the heck is all this
looks so cute
for the most important unanswered
question i look like what's that isn't
it all this offer Emily thank you so
much wait Supt his eyes Mellie
okay Emily Emily I like that and what do
you want from me
where is my night season 3 2 V
contingent
are you fucking kidding me little bit oh
thank you so much for putting me in your
vlog and my phone in the vlog for the
second time as you can tell I'm
surprised and bloody grateful thank you
- that is so cute yo I actually release
an official comic I want a life of some
comic definitely do it all just like my
random adventures and stuff and I might
let people make them off no no I mean
like let people make your life of some
adventures like stuff like this as what
my dream is to have my own comic and you
know I get ya galactic Raptor in theory
I want easier to do it it's so you
to musicality in my eyes yeah life is
coming to napkin story thanks exactly
oh wow someone sent me something
gift-wrapped what is this happy birthday
don't but okay well folks close thanks
Greg looks like someone's trying to
flirt with me too Tom John your face
what is it wait is this two penguins
all right cut out for ya I think jumping
with kissing it's you and cow ah where
does this whole scenario yeah
lobsters only on one date and the whole
dangerous cause of the time this is the
best thing so once every 20 bucks is a
biscuit as a dough bad line that's it
20 bucks each holy no no no no no no
that's not my IRA I actually run before
me to try and find out you know what
they wow did they say why have been an
important biscuit sales in the seconds
you yo me with blue so table Emily thank
you very much for that and don't forget
you Mellie anywhere I love you the first
note said so it may melt Nelly and then
the next one says I'm the one who does
these Ricky Casas that you seem to love
all of them keep sending with you even
serious are you even what the hell no
hell no why are you surrounded by crows
I just farted instance died yeah you're
better than man really does know hahaha
go donphan Drock I kept no from camera
night
just another crow in your life to keep
up the great odds that PS I want another
go if you want to go in the jug your SBI
hit me Oh PS the more business on the
ways you to share camera be faster no PS
much more oh is it may be dissin you got
criminal your face I have the best
audience in the world beginner's guide
to German that is Nick got a game is
about hey this book oh it says sold I
thought someone took this out the
library
son taken eating and drinking rest as
meal fans
okay does it live a letter well let me
just find a random word as we say well
it's like actual - keno cinema kick kick
judge get kidney plate pop-pop let go to
the die no die
nippy can I can appear died can I be
canopy pub right was another good one
that's a wrap house Tom Hall who Castle
- lush Oh shush - glass oh wait no
Dursley eliminate snack bar
who said with it okay up here isn't it
you always like Yale Bowen you got the
man hello Oh Bonjour happens E I'm that
dimmer Oh
ah try again dammit this is a guy who
come in a book I'm reading offer of a
private line so it doesn't see the
number but I'm ten feet Jim Jim I think
you'll I aim was clear you want this one
it does function Ingleby hello it's
tough brookster imple Giffen hello just
leave it what you're watching in the
water realize no one more time say my
name is 52 injured
I'm going to get you have a syndicate no
no I uh say I am wait I need find it
quickly do it football no that's a
cynical
no thought that means nothing
Jennifer I am future Oh equation because
I believe your end guys that is number
down it didn't occur
I'm gonna go to Morgan oh good morning
good day although um that's it sigit um
but thanks for the book I really really
appreciate the but I did hope you add
support i can assume why that sounded
like it was a prank call it wasn't thank
you nonetheless i love your face and
also my name is spelt Cassell he's
probably wrong he puts CAS oh she a SS
eat alone hmm thanks Dale I do hate you
Dawson
she said dotted Cal is the bowling Queen
and Alice is the wig King drag your man
thank you very much that Casey I
appreciate I like sociology you're
watching the world on a flat so say look
you said you two bowling KITT Queen
Queen queen no why do instead to be
parts of groans the hell is about you've
got be kidding me it's sealed with wax
and a cruel stump the head of the crows
imagine this is like the Wyndham against
Santa Rosa so what all this from Canada
right so this is a storyboard oh my god
what oh it is it's a custom it's a
custom stamp there's not my logo but
it's a lion's dump for feeling like I
actually might do was to fund with the
yeah it's my dream to do you are busted
you are Jon Snow busted you are a troll
bastard oh this is sick look we've got
wax for melting that you use sealing wax
that you pour into that you melt it into
this I think I'm just giving up and just
open I guess it and then you stumped it
this is go thank you so much
yeah I appreciate is Allah wax seal
stump I have left an envelope for the
short letter ever written for your
granddad Oh wrote she rolled up from
again death as well
look tell me splendid G ear with me
thank you Oh was I one Whitney mom is
that you pronounced that's work handle
nylon die on nylon that John so did your
collection for you I think he's from
Stalin for some reason I keep doing what
you did makes once at work a little more
available Pierce and love from Jacob
Jacob thanks brother I've never got a
great there are respected writers amid
glasses to go on we let so complete the
collection I only need one one more
which is Hermione Granger in normal
clothes and I am done oh hey look at
this we went rock climbing what so now
they want to go a little champ I've got
another left you by rock climbing shoes
I'm not white alright okay and what is
it 100 a so custom syndicate button
oh that's pretty nice hot let me find
out all this whole paper just for that
small matter where Liam thank you very
much Liam Joe yo I was wondering who
this was off I absolutely love it your
been Russell I think that's a mouthful
thank you so much for the Oakley
snapback brother I am a bit big fan of
that really really I'm not put that on
properly book thank you so much - oh
yeah nah yeah well I look so done with
this hat on that I don't know why that
made a difference but then then thank
you so much that I'm appreciating this
letter and it says open me careful so
I'm okay but then it says on the
opposite end it's he's not Steve thank
you everyone spell I can understand what
people spell speed like that but it's st
ieve and the story behind why I called
Steve Steve is because in Minecraft
right the character you play as is Steve
and everyone looks like Steve but my
Steve is special so he's not just Steve
is ste e ve because I'll bid runs pretty
much all the same so it's a bit bit bit
unique
comrade shadow thank you very much for
the light and said PS tell Alice Steve
and Cal I said hi say hi come on my
shadow say hi come on Chan of hydrometer
there you go whoa
oh don't I like your way of starting
this sup mister Cindy Kitty I'm Sophie
oh wait completely instantly
howdy crippled a nice and crazy effect
you put on that picture but thank you
very much for the line just reading what
you put where oh please say hi to your
family friends a call and then Oh
Brackett Alec look and your grandad
yours truly Harry Copeland are 12 some
five times and 5,000 open PS a sarios
encore that is dope a big thank you very
much filler I think I could get drawing
I've stopped dropped it drawing to
Stephen here off-key Drago
the one a normal healthy thanks brother
outfit if you're watching this mate I
don't even plan a date in advance of my
life so we know the point a year in
advance is pretty intense course dude if
we ever get the opportunity however wolf
- it was a pleasure hanging out with you
insomnia oh you're on the back here
Starbucks said they'd sponsored me if I
hit 50,000 subscribers or more could you
help me out I'd love that right with a
YouTube channel the best thing to always
do is to grow your own subscriber base I
know it sounds like weird like until
you're like well established because
having your own core fan base is the
greatest thing I like people sending me
letters and stuff is outstanding so I'm
just like hustle yourself like your
first like 100,000 and just see where it
goes from there I got to admit that is a
dope-ass logo and a dope-ass business
can we working on that syndicate
regional limited stuff dude that looks
British tiny me man if we embark on what
this next limited-edition thing is going
to be one I think it's the most
meaningful limit edition product we've
ever done - it's going to take a long
time in essence like a long time but
once dirt once the time is up for
selling them they're never coming back
now before I go for the weekend I'm
going to do something pretty damn cool
if you place an order syndicate regional
get yourself t-shirt merchandise
whatever it is I'm going to sign 10 of
the proper posters that we've got like
the big big posters and we're gonna pick
on Monday out of the weekends orders 10
random people to win a signed poster so
if you fancy it place your orders right
now until you get regional calm and
we'll be down in the description and one
of these two will pick okay you don't
know if you're gonna do it you gonna do
it right now this game jack I was going
to pick some random people
so I'm gonna sign them right now there
you go they're all signed all telegrams
if you're the chance between Friday and
Sunday at midnight you've got the
opportunity to place an order for a Rick
fun or woody aha anything right Alice
yeah anything and I also took some of
these two randomly going with your order
sir if you find a weather tube we have a
tube if you receive your order and it
comes with one of these and you didn't
actually I don't poster you know you've
won so congratulations do your pasted
have a nice weekend
love you provide now oh wait one second
forgot blue hydrogen and that's lesser
me look at the size of that bird on top
of my house I'm pretty sure that's a
magpie but that is massive me you need
to lose some weight you are fat you are
fat but L might I don't even think I'd
even have to speak about this thought my
video went up from yesterday about me
going down visiting Manchester Memorial
because I liked that was a plan that
sort of did and that's what I did in my
vlog so rather than the video being
titled something like eating at a
restaurant or something it was
Manchester Memorial with a lot ah and in
the description but I just bought the
phone as it was killed an injured in the
Manchester
Rena attack just give him a donation
page where people can officially donate
to help support by the families and
victims and stuff like that but oh my
lord
like I know the Internet is just stupid
sometimes but the amount of people
jumping on the bandwagon of how dare you
use Manchester Memorial in the title for
views subscribers of money and I'm just
like okay first of all every video I
upload on my channel is actually
monetized okay he just thought my claims
that's just a setting on my channel so
take that back a step but this is my
town I'm from Manchester and I work to
show in my life going down tomorrow so
that's exactly what I did but even more
so and already donated more than what
this video could ever make to the cause
which is a thousand pounds for the
actual fund but the comments in the
video are awful everyone's like oh
you're just the worst person ever
you're scumbag like how could you do
this I'm just like oh my god I want to
change the title I want to chat change
the thumbnail so someone completely
different but oh my god the amount of
people jumping on this bandwagon blows
my mind because it's like this is my
city this is where I've grown up this is
what I want to share with all because
this is my life and that's why I did for
the day and the
mount of people just being so
self-righteous and one in there god damn
it an argument blows my mind please
don't ever be one of those people jump
into a conclusion unless you've seen the
full picture of something like sorry for
that bit of a run I just thought it was
necessary because so far this you know
it's my life of trauma despite some of
the happens in my life so just just
stupid goddamn people opening them out
when they're not necessarily needed to
be open so there you go you want to hear
a really bad idea how about having a
really bad knee that's been more painful
than it's ever been for the past like
weekend going rock climbing tablets
decided that rock climbing last time
didn't actually hit money any more than
usual
so I'm going to take it easy take some
tablets and paracetamol or ibuprofen as
you like to call it it so everyone else
in the US would be Carla the u.s. called
it personal aha
advil no look at you going a little
smash each other they killed oh I like
that
but there's one of things it can scape
over there did he see I don't have you
seen it oh very selfie I'm gonna get it
you can't escape the Steve Steve getting
good get him get him get him get him
nope okay oh no not another double kill
Go Go Go game make a late game eight
this guy's like a siren drop to hide
behind Steve thank you sound nothing
bitch not me you missed it
I could tell min regret they're so dumb
moist I'm gonna win it
I thought I got invited rock climbing so
it's not funny
no Alice can't handle cows way because
she needs a sandbag climb here to do cow
not so much oh girl in his bum bygone
okay I have got involved so tight it's
gonna apply a charred back is sausage
nice ass Carl say hey look at in-car
solder ball bestows mine your moon
you're swinging in my demise are you
what
well you go girl okay let me know sure
about nice and where is that cliche oh I
don't know go about there you're gonna
get okay
whoo she's already go over one you got
what color are you doing any Alex don't
forget don't cause always so comical to
one it makes it makes you don't cause
about someone
yeah get lots of classes you can't go
well sorry by the team guys guys we've
got you February you can do it or go
online you read catch me football life
or death I don't fall go it's that
simple
do online she's made of titanium go left
if you need go how Alex you got this you
have there you go see keep your hips
tucked into the wall
nice touch the top ah good job alright
I'm done the Rope I get a drunk person
down the mountain spider-man cider man
that's a big ass no that's not my grand
it's not it yes it is look at that ass
that's fantastic
what child it's a spider
bye bye be fine yeah you knew who you
knew these walls are fun but this wall
is for now we're gonna go for this room
and what color we're gonna paint hmm
think it's easiest but let's take it
easy for now you've got a great day by
the way turkey ham bones and now you're
doomed clam in under some rocks oh you
do you fancy and to explain why you have
a bag of drugs in your hand
no comment Tomica here oh come again we
got the good stuff this is just a
disclaimer Comic Con does not do drugs
he just gets drunk enough to the point
where he looks like he does do drugs
oh well problem bloody hell daddy love
mom tells me off Wow what color did you
do none hey Louie how close to the big
volume on one drop you have a new
haircut you feel impressions my you have
a stock nut button now you go both of
you
command line of all your phone okay and
then I thought that strongly guide those
are broken every major click on it's
cold
Hama no I told you get you bunk buddy
Howard oh it's good no it's not exactly
difficult it's alright you've already
broke the rules you're supposed to do
pink color while I'm green and black
I'll just just the pink ones okay count
let it fall better fall gals got East um
if the rain shower mmm
watching you little little pretty dumb
I've done it
I believed in you hours I believe you
see what a life
if you don't sincerely look like
climbing Mount Everest you're not going
to summer final picture sailing far off
into the not got the not grab the knock
down she goes down jebal all right
that's not a slightly from no busted all
that way Oh what cow was coming down and
I was got a hand stuck in the be white
okay oh that is nasty
getting Princeton come on Jordan there
were not under that ten minutes even
though Springs of shit in here look how
yeah we ought to somebody's holding here
moody L we do not like I think whatever
it man city hahaha man peace one ki a
room it says you did that on purpose
oh no we didn't know I know should be
fair I'm say this right now is your
fault he's not deserve your on that
close to the year I think it's it gotta
be like oh I know it's got be lame
Cameron what the metal things called
some of the comes off at me I'm sure but
lo and behold she got a hand too close
to it like you're not supposed to do and
kill that's writing time at the zoo
looks absolutely amazing and there is
that injured soldier oh poor things see
you like Nando's thought
I'm sorry Nando's Ashton I don't have to
cheat on you but after cheat on you
could you do far away
anyway causing time do have to get
seduced is to cure say first one is
Nando's to check on his eyes was ever
look
all right looking better but that
clothesline project
open it boo dad that's me I'm nanny oxy
when the outfall now mundo we don't need
it so we can get rid that immediately
and I'm going to go ahead and click a
murdered surgeon for a patch in murder
that's what I like to see the last
people leave in and knows about the
squarely people in their dead employees
a closed-up us 10 everything now 1037
we're so bad well this is your hand
falling off yet that looks like the
phone up man
our almighty store oh you know you have
to do drown your sorrows
I'm not will be about that I'm right
handed a mind opinel to hold a Prosecco
block oh shit
maybe we could have put him in there how
much coming you with moles per second on
either side you don't think hey I'm on
telly mom I know every
Deborah I'm on cellar Deb's Duchess mom
I'm gay I know you know I did though I
did make it four strikes in a row if
that doesn't deserve a like great I
don't know what does well need comment
in the comment section
yeah that's why oh that one that's what
you do you back Oh congratulate yourself
without OTG - oh sweet home it is now I
think like 11 o'clock at night but I
really wanna play college exam B's and I
really wanna live shrimp so you know
what I'm going to do play ecology
zombies or nice truth
Tuesday 6 of climbing Mount Everest by
the way if you don't know I called my dr
Mount Everest because look I've got
dance keepers of it it kills I think it
Street dying by the way this tree I
actually loved it everyone else hates it
because it's just there and I could have
done like a butch better Drive and all
that sauce it off in front of the house
because of this tree being here it's got
a preservation order on it so if I touch
it like if I decided got warm and remove
it I'd get 22,000 pound fine and maybe
jail time most likely definitely German
like don't get me wrong it would give me
so many favors if it was gone but do I
really want to send 22,000 pounds and
removing a tree
no do I really want to do jail time for
removing
truth know so you know what I like the
fucking drink and there we have it
legend when my date is over and look
who's joining this is tomorrow's vlog
hey Tom alright so unfortunate the
weather is raining now but I will see
you guys tomorrow for the next day but
make sure leave a like rating subscribe
I'm actually wondering this is my
longest vlog I've ever done 130 nearly
seven minutes of someone that is crazy
so it is where it is thank you for
watching I hope you did enjoy it and
appreciate everyone who chose to be
stuck to the PIO box like I said if you
do want to send anything like a letter
or anything like that in every single
description of my vlog is the P o box
address so if you want to send something
there you go I don't ask you to or you
don't have to reckon but there you go so
I've got to go now because I need to get
this uploaded because it's five o'clock
and it's probably gonna be late so if it
was late shout me in the comments
subscribe and selects
