okay how to rush egg day what I want
guys have just woke up thank you very
much for tuning this video and I need to
get to a place called action because my
college shooter Paul is opening a new
college and I'm supposed to helping him
open that new college let's go at less
than four minutes later and show and
change
I am limping and I'm trying to get to
Ashton to this College alright next step
I got a nice jumper on I got some nice
shoes on come to it oh god no I would
pay on him I am I am in and routing does
not help but if I can make it in fact
this college opening this be still sick
so I've made it to the college and this
is actually where I came and studied to
do electrical engineering so fingers
crossed I can find Paul in time I did
not know if I was ever going to be back
in this college again it is going to
long as the velocity when I started the
college course here this is where I was
drawing machine Miller was in my
paperwork fingers like fingers crossed
hoping that they would sign me up as a
YouTube partner and now I'm here
well I made it Paul I'm so proud of you
look at your new room is this your room
this this is one of your room how come
Chris is more people walked in so I'm
going to hide in the corner and just
smile away but this is always new ITT
ribbon alright what this guy is doing
right now is playing my whack-a-mole
with fruits why they got wise use of the
fruit and every time he presses it you
watch them all just show you it's simple
you press the fruit flash mode isn't the
light bulb what did you do today kids I
touched fruit hey Paul hooks you up body
style thank you roller look at this that
is a good-looking breakfast from the
catering stuff monkey oh let's try and
see if I can walk onto the system so I
can't remember how you do it you log in
is it but was just six digits now 60gr I
got my cat remember what my name was on
my even my password you naughty very
Kiki a zero
I wouldn't have a clue what my password
is I've looked at unassisted because
when I did the course with Tom here he
has to write down stuff like that no
Tommy near the room our future
yes I'm really on the sister is I
documented my process and growth on
YouTube like I was like today I put his
album subscribers and then like if you
excited I remember being like today I've
hit 5,000 subscribers so if I get on the
system and get a work bus kind of all
this old-school stuff can you please do
it defines like my porn collection of
you know I've been in island doing a
meal before and I bumped into the mayor
of Ireland I like wherever I was at the
time which was crazy while I was like
outside the Titanic Bay then in Los
Angeles I met the mayor of Los Angeles
now and the mayor of tableside what is
this about I just want to throw in the
model query was actually born in Dublin
I was my father we were both born in
Dublin in my dad was the man 30 years
ago 30 years next week when I finish so
that runs in the family so I'm a Dublin
by myself I'm here to set a low to the
Mayor of Dublin the way I feel I feel of
it I did a whole wood approving the vlog
so I just want to do it as well but I
feel a bit under directed because you
look so smart and you've got here the
swagger though so very nice to meet you
my friend is a grating that is very
random looking over to you relaxing the
kids why the chances of this I was
almost not going to make it to be here
because I was ghost Enoch parish the
NACA council and we're gonna go to
Africa then that got pushed back and I'm
going to Paris I should be a parish
right now but instead I'm not doing all
the wires remove the zombies and now
because I do not license long as I
couldn't walk up at 12:25 and Paul says
this starts at 12:30 can you come I
raced got change got read in Calgary and
I just unload the people I've met the
mayor is like what the hell today when
we are mostly good okay you this is the
brand new college made out of cupcakes
that is sick good job hey if you go to
All Saints I just don't know so if any
your kids watch it dad's mr. Cassell I
mean I'll get career more than me
literally
what are you big you think women fuckin
really
what what cat at least some comments and
suggestions what I can do to annoy mr.
Cassell and I'll happily do it hey this
is girls right now I got the teachers
head award and I'm fat and oh wait Oh
teacher sit wait oh they had to read
that one back but thank you look at this
okay and I was as a kid I always worked
when to the head teachers office now I'm
there what do I do what I do
you're telling me this can't be done
what about dirty bounce bounce
bus but oh that's great you all put the
table make make on I'm trying to again
I'm tagging I ready oh oh I got an offer
go on all three of them
Thanks oh oh sorry I finally go you
ready mr. Cassell oh oh I hope you talk
to me when I think of that ball now you
fail hey this is what this is what we do
after school that don't give the ball to
keep your mouth on but not then I'll
make you just know is that this guy i
stashed today behind the first is
wearing the silicates always comes a
lying on his shoulder
wait you come to school no wait no way
ha ha that's blooming in addition sure
as well it's mr. Cassell was just like
there's a guy wearing one of your shows
are like no what's your name what what
did it feel like to be the best-looking
teacher apparently the girls are saying
you the best-looking teacher
Oh mr. Cassell you still fancy I'll drop
it you oh you might be like what the
hell you just there I just because I
just been to college my cousin
I'm Cassell also known as mystic self
everyone and he just had a baby
Oh his mom she's got a baby and I'm
Athenian so free I really really really
want to see you so just nip into scope
we say hi and now I can get on with my
day I need you're going to edit the vlog
Oh No I got the day butter on my
windscreen and it's not coming off
I'm just spreading it ah I thought it
was only a little bit of poo I'm a
windscreen are you even serious me how
did the bird poo inside that what no way
the crows are fat holy thoughts is two
of them or they have come back to attack
my house as well I shat on my house oh
my days
oh boy it's war look you can actually
see no joke look see these marks here
all these scratch marks this is not from
any other reason then them crows the
crews have been purposely it sat in my
window again and also look at that
sunset
oh no I forgot to move the dead bird
bollocks
everyone if you are squeamish in any
regard skip the next 10 seconds of the
vlog if you're watching this on computer
press L or something else get 10 seconds
because wait about to see not gonna be
good
you saw it was ok but it's been
absolutely ravaged by something oh no my
black why don't you just share it I
don't know I should talk my wife just
happened in it and I come every day my
fault well that was exactly 10 seconds
on the double recording poor little
tesha
I still don't know how it died in the
first place ah oh my god oh my god oh
they're coming holy crap I just about
stopped vlogging and sit down on a chair
to start screaming oh my god minimal
Scrooge invade I just fell right there
drunk I feel like my kneecap just fell
off oh my god I went to sit down and I
accidentally sat down with my leg
crossed like that on it I thought
honestly God thought my kneecap popped
out my leg her blog is fine live and
it's supposed to go for 6 p.m. and as
you can tell that says 919 3 hours and
19 minutes late not acceptable
oh my livestream has now been
interrupted by Carl and Alex be like oh
my God look at all the way wait the
wrongdoing in my eyes look at everyone
in the car in the car send news
no it's good I would say that much or
nothing look at everyone everyone knew
gonna come yeah that day ever fall for
Sanders on pepper chicken field is just
saying that is amazing but emitters to
give my place on stream Carl I have been
streaming for two hours straight and
then cows come along with oh okay look
at them oh you got to kill Jack I've got
work for oh yes we're going to try ever
in the chase
hi Bella are you coming good answers you
only got to round two how the hell do
your 18 guards and people on your
watching oh you're gonna drop this time
try I know I know you all I know you
travel the world okay but you know I'm
so sorry I apologize to China Baba
Oh trouble the road you everywhere in
the world no wow shows all the well with
it Oh change machine everywhere to to
got gonna if you don't stop do to
colleges okay oh well key um okay well
even a once boy yeah
no it's not put it on so that's an out
Reese you're in the working right yummy
yeah ah
you know why are you big poopy dog
we took a picture to clip addicted to do
do you you why do you got like sticky to
find it well we're gonna do boss Wow
we're all shocked you yeah why don't you
may gather that right now I'm actually
on a plane and look around join with it
there you go answered you need
references like I finally edit a got it
together I'm going to try and award you
when I land in college so thank you very
much for watching today's vlog - just
make sure the library oh my god I'll
catch you guys tomorrow
for young time even though I'm now in
our head performance work across there
yesterday the third day wherever I'm up
to offer me money so that you do meet up
we are okay what assurance if I'm gonna
let you guys know along the way but
there's always thank you for being up
again and I'll catch you guys next time
