you see that's my bed it's like seven
foot wide you can roll around in any
direction and pretty much be comfy in
all directions however I didn't wake up
in that bed I will cook on the floor
with a pillow where's my duvet over me
and I have no idea how I got there
that you do man up there do not break my
internet otherwise I will end you okay
guitar Thompson breakfast I'm still
limping and I need to try and find one
of those like braces that you put around
your legs or your knees or someone that
because man I got to start doing
everything my power to fix this leg yeah
yeah I trying to get the new vlog
uploaded but I have to update action to
be able to remove the file off the third
with this cable at the same time no one
said nothing about me not being on
splicing zombies so doing a little bit
me know to Tilda he knew that sucks
this kids is why you don't eat food in
your car ever and you don't do it late
at night so you can't see it and now
it's crusted into the sea of you care of
bloody hell thank goodness for wet wipes
though also high grab comb goes in the
vlog frames just come collect in one of
the ebike not my bike my bike fine
that's okay but if you come collecting
the bike that Coral used so we're gonna
try and go on a ride boy I'm saying we
was trying to go on a ride but my dad
did the amazing task of leaving it with
no pedals so me and Kyle could have used
it so thanks that diagram oh oh oh my
plan of action is canoe briefs go with
the hours at the office and then come
back and probably start live stream some
zombies and decide whether or not I'm
even going to Paris tonight today feels
way and you know why is because I'm not
wearing one forever comics wait why do
you want to be in the vlog I just
walking into like you and I might mean
just like the edge you're like your
youtube I what's with it
syndicate yeah also known as Club what's
your name man as Mia and welcome here I
might as well get you cook you call him
cardboard Kyle and that's what I called
himself
alright Caprica hello I went in to get
one coffee
one coffee what happened
also them stuff was so nice so nice I
walked in and honestly I just heard you
and I was like me I thought I was gonna
get in trouble for vlogging in there
like the past few times I've been there
but uh nope oh brother
you can't make this up I was just
traveling to drop something off and as I
pulled my car into this kappa got my car
stuck in between that Karen discounts
off a foot peg managed to turn it round
up about ten minutes of turning and as I
looked I notice three lads up here
carrying like power tools dryer all
sorts of tools with the hoods up and
looking dead suspicious now this thing's
no reason to be rounded so I was like
this looks too suspicious so I shouted I
we dropped all the power tools on the
ground and jumped over a fence so as far
as I'm aware they didn't actually manage
to steal anything a hole but they
scrambled with all forks over this over
this fence and into this garden and then
out the other side hmm interesting not
too sure whose power tools they were
because they came walking from that
direction and these are the tools we
tried Nick in and all these power drills
in this bag what a what a save mat this
is gotta be worth some money like
they've dropped this there you go one
good deed for the day also what the heck
is this it's like a random Manchester
United strikes strike shrine in a
cupboard hey all right
oh you saw shoot what are the pack of
the face are you do you what well smart
look at me you woke well smart there
mate oh like we're about to be well
where we going to food what into got one
wait you don't know this either right so
I was dropping some stuff off right at
school and as I was dropping it off and
look to my left and I saw three lads
with the hood sort I don't think
economics I'm in a school you know
whatever but then it obviously Gladwell
behind the fence in all right the hell
is going on me dad be on the fence all
the sort of I know if that these lads
dad a leaf blower which fair enough we
could have been you know working us or
over but when I looked to the right I
know it's just like what looked like a
shed and I was like these lads are
robbing from like the school shared
limelight Oh
you know so unlike other around they so
I could just you know no quite my way so
I was like I'm gonna do the one thing to
Tempe petite and that was do that
alright and they shit themselves drops
all the gear and panic to try and rule
or dispense I jumped out my car to chase
after him and my need run that is so bad
but I jumped out to chase after him and
it jumped out I took the first step of
my right foot and then when I went to
move to run I was like this is the
deciding factor whether or not I'm going
to catch these guys or not and I stood
on that leg and the moment I've stood on
it I nearly collapsed from the ground
it's that bad and I stopped and I
literally had to get up so I like hosel
lots of them on one leg and he jumped
over the fence if I didn't have a bad
leg I could have chased after at least
grabbed one of them because we're panic
if to climb over this fence on photo
because my bad leg I didn't - to catch
and bought we think we dropped all the
tools that they nicked it did turn now
that someone round the corner got nicked
from him so I saved the day
I think hello there you okay you
enjoying staying here at the house this
is my dad's car if you all don't know
dad in Gales class she she sat a meowing
and meowing meowing cuz she doesn't like
ours and Karl cups
I'm sure awful for sure for sure I'm
just mad you yelled pretty well Kitty
bird good one
okay a new week pulling what you're
hiding
okay cool hey she's looking good run dad
but you definitely get a minus three out
of ten to parking all these races are
these spaces that he had the choice of
and he was like them too don't be you
put the book just snap cherry limpet
something have a soul what emojis
McGregor whips out is like crappy or
fall and try to take photos on it sketch
were looking okay sorry I hope just like
being back at the Cheesecake Factory all
over again company company company cuz
okay all right that's bread I need to
check if I go hey this is this is my
tree this yeah because you bought the
last two dinners out yeah I made them
there's my turn
if you've ever been to Cheesecake
Factory in America you know what kind of
bread I was expecting this is a bread
made for rabbit season rocket session
well well well that's looking kinda
fancy the suppose we Lobster in here
book our crab so book don't kind of see
anyway I started eating this and the
crowd was actually nylon but honest God
and convinces coriander in it and that's
why I'm allergic to cilantro
so the into it not like right it takes
I'm doing that more that's what people
say allergic to kpop burning mouth going
why if there is that inside because they
actually had to spell my food doesn't
want to do I just put it in loving but
apparently it was no Korea under any
whatsoever so I'm not sure what freaked
me out however that isn't push it I
don't really know that cousin Bush but
Robert it's really watering a shrubbery
and I feel fucking agonizing for the
scenario we were eligible responsible
for water fire what fire burning down no
restaurants many times it right under
how long can you hold your hand over the
candle pot 3 2 1 go okay look that's her
you're sorry
one the dealership does it anymore
expect you to do it Alice your turn I
know the kind of go to deliver this is a
little bit
wow you're fast
learn yourself would you reduce the gags
good diet account for me when we want
efficient shit
yeah okay don't come and then and then
they spoke about this guy brings out
your friend and say yo it's real tunnel
but don't you throw in with the parents
upon drive it we just give me the
patient PCC Christmas lights but my
finger was looking pretty good mmm that
might look like a good idea but the fact
that is a player for it like fresh
seaweed every time you lean in to eat
your food could just look good a
distance from a place it's now would you
like a glass of water than a piece of
sea where he did it was it was stuck to
the bottom of cardboard I took off the
see replay lifted it up and it felt
inside sorry so Mike rendered I think
the picking on me look at this calc nap
chat just consists of me walk-in the
homeboys necks on oh then I struggle
getting into the car next to our
existence best one I gave you the finger
go to the next on much come on to go
about it look I you should open it and
then you catch me about the start
vlogging you get that wait what I just
interrupted in it giving it an eight and
then a nine hour ten hours how exam
honestly all your wife or your why the
way up the path of look at the waiter
right
yeah they said we said it with shell
shell Facebook no summer doing no shell
which is all white saman proper man
although four four five eight nine
I had seaweed for some bizarre reason
everywhere mean in the volatile drink
because it's just everywhere and for oh
hey well the most important thing is
that you liked it and you did Phil all
good if you gave at nine mate then
that's a good rating so you could make
you good great
is this me vlogging yeah let's do get
all get up shoulders get the moment
captured Lopez we will get what you're
doing why you kill me because if we
found out that there was actually
coriander in my star I knew I could
taste it that was going crazy I told you
is coriander in it it has to be alright
there's only one reason this thing
tastes like burning not only because of
coriander another important playing with
a candle and alternative cuz the wind
comes from nowhere and gonna blow it out
from a distance so you get injured to my
god be gated restrictions I would go
like this over the candles and then I
paused for a second and it disappeared
and I looked am I gonna just start my
like dinner dodo do you voted when
grungy kind of high five hours do it
wait what was unfortunately my phone
died without my granted so this will
hopefully make up fruit wall of send
nudes look at all these nudes beans in
it if you're watching the stream right
now so if you're watching this vlog of
the streaming you in here you may
actually just find yourself saying send
nudes and it flies by hey your what the
heck this chat in wall that is so creepy
that job responded so fast
haha look at that that is the creepiest
thing I've got 17,500 people saying
saying fucking you I want people doing
the eye emoji as well I'm here now it
like 3 o'clock in the morning try to get
my livestream video ready to rock and
roll
and I'm like whoa my board from
yesterday or two days ago is on the
trending page look Steve you're famous
at 3 o'clock in the morning
do I even decide to have ramen noodles
I'll keep it simple a bowl of soup and
here goes my sleep schedule is currently
focused 3:20 in the morning and I've got
three more episodes gave a firm to watch
yeah really just don't help myself just
kind of an idiot to be honest I know I
know I know today's vlog is late but
I've been very busy you'll find out
tomorrow I was up to but I'm going to
give you a bit of footage for tomorrow's
vlog to make up for being late because
it's very bad dere's no way the Crozier
back holy fuck this two of them yep in
that vlog you did indeed see that the
crows are but I don't know how I don't
know why the crow must have lived on its
own like I'm never going to find to make
and then was like I found a bay or it
came back from the dead because we
totally didn't kill one of the other
crows book no comment on that statement
because you guys know they cost
thousands of pounds with the damage to
my house so the crows had to go however
they're back and they've been banging on
my windows the shadow of my cat no joke
is actually crow poo oh my cat I'll show
that tomorrow my boy but there is no
acceptable excuse enough for this vlog
being this late I should have got up
should edit it bought it was a really
busy day and again you'll find out
tomorrow why but I will be streaming
right now if you're watching this on the
19th of May I'm streaming colleges on
these all night long I need to do go to
my main channel youtube.com forward
slash syndicate and you check check it
all over there cups
check it out happening live at
youtube-dot-com forward-slash syndicate
and they yell I could say that without
any cups in dirt yeah we'll see what we
can do in some zombies don't was always
thank you for watching and yeah Sona
spin let's do it let's do it let's do it
let's do it what are we gonna get what
are we gonna get what are we gonna get
God dang it
