okay so this is almost like a spoiler
for today's vlog but if you guys want to
receive 10% off everything from
syndicate original calm
all you have to use is the code diamond
because I hit 1000 subscribers and
diamond is the diamond play button but
you get 10 million and Alice who runs
syndicate regional clothing line my
syndicate original clothing and decided
to give you guys some discounts if you
use code diamond they go
ten percent off whether today will be
hmm seems okay and Masha a choice today
will be insignia rickety role in here
and rock rock rolling but what role in
my flip my brothers yes
alright freshly mowed for the day vlog
is uploading we're ready I've cleaned
off my desk is looking looking tight it
come check on Steve give me some
breakfast ahead and Auntie my crash and
I can start the sting Danny day
Oh poco holla I'm just doing some
optional talk I'm just quickly before
starting my day opening up some of these
liquid Davidians
so vegetable is pretty good so when I
start some be late tonight I've got some
perks to go along with it
some gobble gums to go along with it and
at the same time I what I keep dropping
think you have truly divided this nation
of people and if you're wondering why
the hell did you manage that let me show
you right if I go to my profile I post
out a tweet for a poll asking whether or
not you put or is it whether or not you
put ketchup in the fridge or in the
cupboard where as it were as it were as
it were as it were as it were as it
where is it where is it where is it
where is it is do you put ketchup in the
fridge yes no eighty-seven thousand
votes oh my god and it seems like
everyone's saying yes however I don't
agree put it in the fridge
eg we made what can that that's good to
see you name I think you're preferring
over a bit more room than edges a bit
claustrophobic on it now once that
feature you've got three byung-eun we've
got through dad you've not
and you've got me a wound in the leg no
you know okay so I'll pick you up
something like this not iceberg because
promise bad you and I'm back of it okay
you wants to come back in the car don't
you yeah you do yeah you do
most people sit inside Starbucks and
have their meetings I'm going to sit
inside my car because I have Spotify in
here I don't have to upset anyone
because I don't have my headphones and
also I really enjoyed live streaming on
YouTube last night you should get and
all the guys you've run YouTube gaming
like YouTube live and they've been
trying to develop that for ages and back
in the day I only used to stream on
YouTube and that's probably quite why my
YouTube John was so successful because I
I was pulling like 74 plus thousand
viewers on YouTube which is like wow
that's trigger ly crazy but obviously
you know I then moved to twitch because
YouTube's largest was so terrible and so
bad but now they're really doing some
improvements for a really really really
liked it and people might be like on
Twitter nope but what about twitch like
you got your the new moon was fallin out
it's like I do love twitch but as a am
just run I'm gonna stream this game cool
yeah well sweet did it and for like half
an hour whereas on YouTube it's like you
stream to make a video it's like a high
quality production show that you're
almost putting on it's my birthday
here fickle we did it do we expect that
hey we do this AZ now we did it we did
it the Red Planet know tonight didn't
work you should watch Jimmy livestream
rough night hit 10 million yeah did you
see it yeah sorry
later Octavia I like it mom I watched
between watching live I was stuck in the
back any Tech treated I don't think you
hit it dog lies outside the bar and
while we're watching you make a million
subscribers and can told me I know my
hair in a bottle I set my hair on fire
is everywhere
I don't know what it is my head say hot
tell me honey I am okay I'm glad
really you guys don't know how much it
means to me to hit million don't know
how much it means to me dick 10 million
but these guys who followed me the
entire way now Lulu that's a fact I hit
1000 on the father without the hole
right I'm not even bothered if it's all
I would be both I'm not even that upset
now if I go below 10 million again
because I hate it but YouTube Stefan
email saying ascending with your world
like it's confirmed ascendant me I've
got the flat and we're good we're good
like that's it still can't we did it hey
what the hell happened we went up the
paper Nando's and we got thoughts that
up from the manager whose name bill
renamed yeah it was it was a ninja
discount imaginative card
discuss all of the by now isn't thank
you shake you down to appreciate this is
why this Nando's intestine mark is the
best bowling after this ye a I think oh
no I just realized I'm in my flipping
office I might not be able to Bowl good
oh wait I've got socks on this time are
we good % I love that when I take off my
hoodie I've got the t-shirt underneath
I'm wearing it was your name do you
remember someone change shady skeptical
when car was going to the bathroom
because he saw him wear a syndicate
share and Astra photo with him people
crazy my name is Darrin days 9 there you
go brother not awesome what the fuck I
hope I caught that on camera
alright I was just trying to feed me
feed you I did okay
oh nice to find the guys good right
there and thank them you just apparently
just walked over with the car and give a
sports and this guy on TV thank you love
you I've got gonna be Carla bowling okay
do you believe I can do it
hey check them out just object and a
hairy trophy your oh my arm are you
doing
thank you know Dustin bye-bye what are
you doing there oh yeah oh wait so you
want to announce it here in the vlog
go on celebrate Thomas gave ten million
subscribers bonus judge instead you can
get ten percent off everything Aston
coverage no the rest of the way in cow
called syndicate ten
oh no using code Dimond okay
I hate you code diamond diamond diamond
they go you heard it there first ten
percent off
syndicate regional calm ordered is if
you use the code diamond diamond
I'll put it in the description in case
you don't know how to spell it for some
reason or some stupid I'm sorry ia M o n
d diamond I'm fine ok I don't hate you
if you don't like bowling skip to 17
minutes and 45 seconds yet between the
time on the video right now to then is
all bowling if you're a bullet it's sick
the video is a telltale story of just
amazingness and pride and joy and I
suggest you watch it is really good but
it not don't worry skip to that time
1745 Oh Carl is on the board with 153
all right I'm still in fourth place so
I've got trying at least to kill third
you got me Freddie pond mates ready
what's he going under so you want get
out of here
daddy my boy is getting so used to us
being here we're almost there every damn
day but we're great we're in VIP let's
do this get rocking and rolling these
are the regular Bowl involves like that
yeah you can say but these are the VIP
balls it come with loads of extra holes
it's a lot millions and larges such as
sure why this is number so I or instead
of having X at a larger this I made it
which is one yeah I guess it's just
convenient the speed of something an
efficiency board
yeah so this is what means are going to
be using that
ten and watch how offensive names in bow
and today are I so fucking bad cop worst
thing about this is I have to always
bowl with the offensive name so when
someone comes over and looked I just
like I'm lucky ding can we just stay as
well as anyone does get offended we
don't mean events like yeah I witnessed
the bat fight um first strike ten time
for a win
got it oh wait don't I throw you money
from our game I owe you 20 quid Dora I
think
yeah we're working out okay oh yeah
let's let's focus on this one is to
always paint it that that that that
dance right there means he just got the
first strike right
hey machine give us our ball back come
on Peters wait for that yeah good right
look spinning you see me boooring
boooring boooring right right we're
rolling should be one more one more come
on now
thank you yeah look at all them balls
hey that's blue balls right time no no
no lens broke
oh oh oh my god Carla's in the Haunted
doll already I'm on I'm on seventeen and
this is my last go so I need to get into
that hundred zone in the past probably
ten games we've had it was only one game
that would not reach 200 and that was
you last time in 99 and I am struggling
here like this my last brain balance or
the pressure about other love stage
day--maybe lightweight what were then
last two video clips they were pals
filming skills where he missed me
getting a strike I believe so go
you did good there mate work on your
skills thank you
no back but you still beat me so I owe
Cal 15 quid because you got the first
right and one you got 128 yeah dude oh
you'd be really readable 105 108 once
you ate I had such a terrible style
because it weren't three strikes in a
row it was three spares in a row I
chicken and I don't got a gobble gobble
such a good that ah no he's be in a book
date great
I need a strike now it's we've been
trying right good well good job well
done good job well done
I had such a good start ignore the seven
first fair fair and then just foot
picture out he's got a bit of a dodgy
game brought it back and then strike Wow
great I need at least 700
that 101-101 so path almost made it only
way I can win this game I taught you how
to fucking go above it what's gonna get
there
what are you totally out yeah I'm sure
wait I'm just moving one now wait if we
go it doesn't leave invite you all
supported us bet you still be me up it'd
still be meetup bye-bye
oh you've been by seven bitch so you in
front of your I owe you another kind of
animal violence we got the first bag
with a kid down
I scored five of my first goal cargo
strike I'm called ten milk the hit
Kendall sub is on 14 K collars good
vibrations for bad nations good go
through the plantation Oh babies instead
a fairy or a pepperoni sorry or tapara
lexapro Neto pharaonic overall me
oh just pissed about and threw a ball
like an idiot for jokes and then realize
that I'm nowhere on track to hit a bitch
of the game marlax Calvin track I now
need to spare spare strike or strike to
expand or something and it this might be
the first game in probably like 20 games
out of here not here hundreds 571 and I
actually need spare strike strikes bat
strikes may try to win to get over 100
not to win I'm doing shit as the word
gamer boredom forever chasm fuck you
fire though cows on fire
missed that jump seven up Kells on fire
I need bestbear or strikes fair awesome
wallahi hominy
syrustey this is the word game over the
ball so I think I need it to yourself
let's try various try I think I'll get
one ball may be fine I just hold an 85 I
can't give you a strike and as much that
is awful worst game ever bowled it was
cows turn to pay for the next plane is
rolling but Danny the absolute ball has
just given us a game each you have
indeed had a stroke but oh my god 45
could I owe you
double or nothing laney no palainian
want to be left right in that case I'm
going to take you to pose I think that's
why I'm sort of on Cal's creative names
fourth day ah call and something we're
playing a game on this one a game on
this one I just strike Cal that was one
of the most amazing balls ever but left
wanting and that ting is the sex in the
very back pin second in from the left
you don't get that you're bad sex for a
week in other ways because come on let's
see I know it's weird unconscious went
mad we're waiting for them to reset and
be big but because my pin fell down I
just managed to convince Chow select
Danny delete my last dream to give me
another chance because the pin fell
we're much convincing we are me it took
like at least a minute of saying please
come on cow please come on guys
so yeah forget one up I actually ended
up doing worse I got four and 476 and
two so didn't pay off
nine spare strike fare holy shit strike
you've run away with this I need any
formality job having a laugh I managed
to just get a strike and tell the strike
hasn't cow it literally broke the game
you broke the game you're that good
the game was like what is going on but
now they can remove stores with the car
ads course we're gonna have to go down
there and kick them over oh it screams
on green the bowling gods are in a bit
Oh giving it you nice and Danny Danny
where is it you're the man you're the
man all right
okay take a review you're on 122 space
right you can you can if you triple
turkey now you're beating on score me to
beat my high score of 1 1 5 I need a
strike there on a one three seven one
one three one no I no no no no I'm
telling we Freddie no Kyle we said it's
real don't bullshit Lucas age 14
appalling that was so like that poison
85 you should see me for the record
these guys decided that Freddie's going
on the left hand side and then I'm going
over here like that call call call Tom
ham ham
all right give up Freddie's now in a
different order
oh by the way on this one I wrote
hashtag 10 million answer okay because I
hit 131 I've got an extra game I'm going
to concentrate my tips up to try and be
ready 131 is all gotta be all of these
it's one city falls my highest or ID
alright starting strong Calgon so toilet
strikes my first one
sorry having a game of his life no Joe
go into the last thing it doesn't matter
guess what you've got a higher score
after my walk you just beat one Peter
bring you got 195 what 155 no I didn't
know how far the yes but you won't be
people I just managed to be can taste go
wait for it wait for it Cal 153 get them
down from there
Laura miles lorem all oh my god if I
just beat Cal high school at this place
there but I'm talking about
that's very belonging that where it
belongs
oh my god my new personal best
alright lupus but if I would have got a
sparing that last one pretty rare
extreme out east mastic claiming I
wasn't playing I come back and you're
all like one I wasn't want to sell any
so folks and I was like I also it was
like saying don't film but I do for I
was caring best score and a big car dies
there in Cal tight is 163 or for the
other bowling lane but we're convinced
that the other bowling lane will shore
up so Rob honestly
may I'm literally beating beating Reese
where oh my Oh fresher and I just that
liquid floppies country that is so
satisfying geez man we've been in there
for quite a while but you know what that
was know that I was actually last night
way in bed at like 4 o'clock in morning
like man I wish I could go bowling and
the fact I've just done that but I want
to just I could stay there for hours
bowling oh absolutely
whatever ball again it will never
compare oh yeah there's no way I'm gonna
be 155 again George I owe you 60 quid in
games just from today that was not Eva
that's legit because you got strike and
everything one and beat me every single
one and I'm a man like and there's still
games I owe you from the last time we
race I think I owe you Andrew Quinn no
night it name is sure you want we all
work through about a fiver from the last
one on a 65 officer I'm like a Lannister
I always pay my debt but honestly you
pay for a game on there oh oh boy oh
it's almost like it's payday
Thanks so time you're gonna go in if
they ask up on my screaming anyone I go
to toilet as well be white I'll take a
while now and it will do it I'll just
you dum-dum
gasps gasps Tyler Ulis I was going to
think I've taken up a boyfriend did you
to pay the man tell us very much you
sent for Bolin my name is Wesley work oh
good thing you said that because he made
60 quid off me
d make extreme games back to back I'm
not late on my plate on my own I played
on my own and then I hit them or
feedback like I always do sat there
working but with one hand it's just
fingering slide like it you addicted I
am NOT moon gate what is recovery cold
okay no Shiv Shiv the skyline Eunice
Caroline ended this cut down sponge go
cried
so anyway stop fingering this line and
get what work done faster could see me
Bopha not yeah because you use your buns
she's fingering shitting with nice
having dinner with you get that off me
right she I got nothing against you it's
just
alex is weird when it comes to stuff mom
I'll see you later I'll be seeing you I
like you to be sure to be salty t-shirts
that's a tweet of the day
alright so we have these in stock put
here everyone John Mac well it's a
difficult but think about this year
promoting it hold it do the camera you
don't even a minute funshine comedy hook
out maneja oh the doctors why don't you
crimp it off
how that likely oh I got nice and wet a
normal and hit my mom car why the hell
is there a tree inside lager what that
Steve dinner and look at this we got
some new be the communion or through so
gorgeous I would actually do a lot to be
as Abba communion but I just can't also
look after a chameleon at the same time
as having feed I technically toward but
my dad and Gayle would have to say yes
to having a chameleon Bavarian at their
house so that is extra work for what I'm
not in the country you know like I go
away to America for them they'd have to
feed speed and a chameleon but how good
would it be Kevin Kevin the chameleon I
want one look at this guy or is simply
super spooky is anything that I don't
see anything in here
I think someone either empty as far as
he said X I can't see McNair Eva as
owner can't see anything there either
and then just this guy look the
brilliant that absolutely brilliant Wow
bumblebee dart frog gee do they have to
be poisonous right sure look at then Wow
absolutely alright
odd-eyes emerald swift on old boy in yet
you still here 25 quick as well this one
should come in by this guy ah I've been
giving you guys false information about
the dart frog so what I found out is the
only reason that frogs are poisonous is
because the stuff to eat in the
reinforcements off the floor or it's a
mushroom or whatever that is what makes
and poisonous so then ones in they're
not poisonous whatsoever so good good I
guess yes you can buy one if you want
one but at the same time I probably too
scared to even buy one or hold on I
don't think you can hold them ones is
because this looks mind you just
questioned by streaming supplies are
ready let's go and check on my little
boys by the way I am genuinely in so
much pain as this me I feel like what am
i attended this is I've got one of my
tendons was trapped in a funny way and
then I jumped and then fixed it but it
hurt by fits in it because it's like I
isn't hurt advanced users look still
hurts but Steve where are you you were
to measure
and you've got what I don't understand
you your back country I'm looking like a
potato when you put your hands off what
is one two three four fuck there's
actually six locusts in there right so
in case you eat one or three or four
that's good but leave they're not wait
one two three four five six
there's six in there okay so now you can
eat and what I've done is I've got rid
of this because I know he doesn't go
inside this it was just for me to sit on
in Basking so it's nice and warm but for
now you can still eat emphatic on top of
that without touching the lump and now
it lets him walk through to get to food
and water and and sit under there so
we'll see what goes down oh whoa whoa
what the heck what what has happened
down there oh it looks like a pigeon has
been absolutely slaughtered by something
I'd say a fox but I'm sure a fox would
eat it maybe I have to check on my CCTV
to see what the frig in hell happened
bought whoa nothing but savaged I hope
it wasn't like shot with an arrow or
something because I don't know how that
even happen it makes no sense all it was
just killed by a cat book as to why it's
there what I don't know rip out of a
Ferrari and this is where my blog just
kind of almost ends probably not but so
on my stream is now starting a beginning
we've got 10,000 people in the chat is
going crazy
I must have shout out to Lee Wallace
thank you very much being sponsored them
guys over there start the stream and
we're about to play for the first time
ever a solo game on the one and only
moon by popular demand of my live stream
they want to see Steve so because we hit
round 30 on moon I'm going to take them
upstairs to say hello to the stream but
first of all I need a glass of water
come on I need yep come on power
so as you can see I literally put Steve
on a pedestal behind me on a goal on a
red subscribe button introducing steam
so he's now in the background of my
webcam awesome streaming it is later
Bowl and that being quarter to 1:00 in
the morning
this is how I have to walk by the way
I'm like limping like an idiot so it's
now kind of late for a caveat of a
noodle even though the noodles yesterday
were bloodied and I'm actually going on
yeah bad decisions are being made
ladies and gentlemen dinner is served
the life of playing video games and
streaming a quick equates to this
country yes my name is Tom Seneca and
I'm now about to take test bikes the
nacho cheese wedges all right let's go
with one without any sauces oh it's red
I'm sorry Joe
mmm there's a little bit of spice to it
and you know what no about if any of you
guys study physical education at school
you understand what I'm doing here let
me show you a bit of leg ladies and
gents this is called rest ice
compression elevation and right now I've
got my leg elevated
I got no ice I've got no compression but
rest I rest eat are any rest in
elevation so I'm hoping to kind of help
somebody a little bit okay all right
well yeah interesting that to say the
least that you'll find out in tomorrow's
vlog where I will cook and so the record
it wasn't in my own bed I don't know how
happen I don't know why it happened
let's just blame it on the cheesy nachos
but yeah I didn't flick I did not wake
up on the toilet day did looking kind of
gray and that's okay
if you did enjoy today's vlog I really
appreciate if you guys leave a like
Korean subscribe if you're new around
here post new videos of the day at 6
p.m. that was an awesome day of bowling
I know what I know it's like one of the
things where it's just like this is my
day last I'm just gonna put it in book
I'm actually really addicted to bowling
right now like really addicted I
absolutely love it I think it's so much
goddamn fun it I would go every single
day and ball for like 6 hours a day if I
could all I want to do is keep beat must
go on beat my school and Pete Muskoka
like a gamer so I'm just like getting
better and better and better and to say
I scored my best ever game
day is not so I will go back but you
know I do see positive stuff about the
bowling and I don't really read that
much negativity about it just for my
thing if I went to go and watch a daily
vlog of someone and all they did was bow
or there I'd enjoy but I can see the
most people who don't be bullying not
enjoying it so I'm just trying to find
that level playing field so I think even
though I just put like 15 minutes of the
bullying into those blogs because I have
a special person but nonetheless if you
do enjoy all I really appreciate that I
catch you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the XL a blog and as always thank you
for watching subscribe to my gaming
channel cuz the large human rights day
youtube.com folks I syndicate and I'll
see you guys there adios
