good morning good morning Carl so you
know I do go to work oh let me call it a
pole position this was surprisingly good
nicely with the fuck is that
did the cat just walk fast isn't the cat
that's fucked up oh that's the cat
Carl thank you very much breakfast even
though it really is though though it's
good to cook yeah yep it's ready to you
oh you know Twinings here and we go in
for a bit of a review on this bed
you know what actuate it actually was
pretty damn comfy it was comfy using
timing oh why is that is that the good
stuff oh yeah it's a good school okay
motivate started a shower change fresh
clothes all right all in my Bible isn't
it but took my sleeping area Collins
thank you for having me and is now at
three o'clock in the afternoon
I gotta get a gal this house I gotta
start this day by going down to the
syndicate original office then I gotta
go and check the deal so you downloaded
then make sure my live stream sells good
to go and start this day be nice to see
Alice my mom this morning
and I'll tell you something I am hungry
Wow
Ghana if we really sold out of the
hoodies already got smaller small eyes
house kids oh yeah look how many bags
they said our please two weeks were back
at our back in stock again all right
guys
sounds good if you order a poster of
Seneca original one of these bad boys
you might actually get it saying so I
just had about 25 hours on them also we
got some pretty special coming with us
too don't we you know signed posters and
all that hey guys it's crazy Russian
hacker here and dead dude number one put
out it actually gets ticked off ah a
cupcake stuffed my head I'm gonna need
this spoon yeah this spoon and I'm gonna
open a tin of tuna with with a spoon
obviously our hours later how's it going
tom - Hopeton teaching this clitoris
negative all right crazy Russian hacker
yep not in pain what are you you're in
No 12 hours later really that base no
this is like five seconds like that
i drained the juice out what city phase
every time he does it oh you have to
concentrate concentrate face something
extra see you don't cut yourself what
how to get in a sin thank God you were
here that's good well I'm sorry guys but
this is the worst fucking you know side
of you and I had to open up with a
goddamn spoon as well like what is this
me that raised open you okay
this is a mr. bean style this is a
mister be still
are you guys not really impressed that I
made to open in gender they're sort of
looking like I'm going to do kids is I'm
gonna livestream today livestream
tomorrow livestream Friday
fly to Paris Saturday maybe with you
go watch the Formula e race buybacks
Sunday and then continue shooting from
there on out and then Monday maybe your
counter thoughts/opinions
exactly hi hi okay so maybe kinda next
Monday huh sound like a good fun I've
collected part one of supplies which
means I now need to get home
upload the vlog which is like a 30
minute vlog from yesterday if you saw
that vlog 30 minute vlog that's getting
like an hour to upload I've got an hour
and a half before it needs to be live
and then hopefully the DLCs downloaded
cause he hasn't downloaded I'm simply
not streaming today I'm recording this
clip now because this may be the
millisecond before I arrange and punch
this screen if the zombie Chronicle DLC
isn't downloaded on that PLA station I'm
going to be so mad my blogs uploading
and it should be open an hour which
should be perfect time to get this up
and then start streaming because the DLC
should be downloaded it said I have
purchased it and I've got it it says if
you have Brett right redeem the gobble
gums yay free gobble gum thank you
alright successful okay so if I go now
to private game and choose a map wait
you're joking okay why why why the same
zombies Chronicle Pike required I have
it downloaded I actually have it
downloaded why is it not downloaded
you've got to be fucking with me why the
hell is it downloading a theme that
great just great my plan today was to
fucking down look at that speed
download speed four point nine megabytes
I'm not gonna be extreme today I don't
sleep I need to find out if one of my
friends has stupid fast internet take my
playstation to the house whilst this is
uploading and download the DLC because
this is not cool
tell member silja Maria I'm just going
to cheat why ah
I'm real what what internet speed you
got your house
damnit now I thought I had a download
downloading overnight 15 gig and it was
supposed to be done today and it's not
and I need it in an hour I just wondered
if you had like 60 or 70 downloaded some
other bollocks
alright no worries then please I put
like 35 download this should say 35 say
35 sick day 5 6 85 say 35 what oh my god
now if you watch yesterday's like you
will see I filmed out my window because
my hot chocolate door does not open my
hot tub cover came flying off in the
wind because I didn't lock it down
you know I stayed at Alton Towers last
night and what didn't you see me doing
the wall but some cover is a spare my
boxer shorts or their glasses are still
outside and I'm hoping there's not a
million in 25,000 leave inside lots of
now oh you go nope there we go and then
I'll have to do oh I forgot my sister's
friends broken you two because they're
idiots and the same friends you broke
that hot so cover these are their
flip-flops that's why I'm not giving
them back because they're nomads my
brothers heading oh you're not work on
it yes nice and tight which over and
then again you go sort it ah look at the
lovely field it's got blue bells in it
got but but cool but they back up I'm
pretty I'm pretty sure the book club
look at that nettles Omaha tube leaking
that up not just just moisture moisture
dripping off I actually thought I've got
my hot tub them you know right when I
went bang bang I thought no I don't talk
about it dad it's not broken if you're
watching this it's okay okay fine I'll
be an adult and clean up after myself
even though it wasn't me who left it a
time to go and see my son Cod steve-o
the exact for using the tool me he's
okay
your eyes look a little back you look
healthier than fat but are you okay
you definitely in some of those hope you
drink some water needs getting some
greens to table and we do a little bit
of change around the bed alright Syria
so you sit on top of like the Basque and
you're happy with that you set on top of
this now which you're happy and you
surrender it I don't think you need this
one anymore now I know it's your
favorite vlog I know that but you're a
big dragon now look at it you twice the
size this goddamn thing so I think your
baby little chilling spot is it needed
anymore if you get upset giving you back
all right okay okay
this PlayStation is set up to not
download downloads after it
automatically turns off I'm actually
going to cry because I've been gone now
for another half an hour
we just change the HT mind I've been
gone for another half an hour now and
this PlayStation was switched off I'm
I'm going to be cooking furious yeah I
do of itself
select the features you want to use in
rest mode so when it powers itself off
and goes into rest mode then it says
state elected to be in that yes enable
turning on ps4 from Network yes but I
don't care about that so yeah these
things say yeah why write about ps4 can
download update files and can connect
from latavia yeah so we should still be
downloading it when it turns off all
right as far as I can tell it was
actually doing it and you know what this
may have to work out good this got half
if this vlog has got half an hour to
load and this is only got 68 minutes to
download I'll be a happy bunny why did
this go up by an extra two hours all of
a sudden what is going on I don't try
and ninj this n2 rest mode yes please go
into this download download the vlog is
up everyone is absolutely loving it it's
always 638 and it was only to like it
was like 10 minutes late but I don't
have 12 minutes until zombie chronicles
have downloaded and that can start
brewing what we have a problem I have
dragged my light there I've eaten my
food I need energy a side note look at
that sunset in the distance look look
how clear the skyline is that I can see
so far I've never been able to see that
fast your if my neighbors cut down like
these trees here I could see the most
insane skyline across the city that
would look calm okay across the globe or
whatever you want across the world it
looks so beautiful
alright Steve were going on a bitter
adventure yeah I saw him sap will get
him staring up I saw him sir under his
little tunnel thing where he's supposed
to sit on it I saw under it whatever he
wants to do I saw him sat under it you
look really dark I didn't mean why so it
doesn't fall I didn't like how dark he
was so I think he needs a bit of
attention because look out light quality
is like he's a whole body we like black
but now to come out it looks really
happy so we're going to quickly drive to
Tesco together
and go get some supplies heating on I've
got a seat warmer on now so you can
chill there and you'll be absolutely
fine I promise I'll Drive nice and
slowly so you won't go anywhere ok ok
you're calling now
you were pitch-black in a second ago now
you're all nice and light ok
little baby dragon oh shit it is so hot
in here
I've got it set to 30 degrees pumping
out with AC so this little guy stays
nice and for fun looking if I have a
clue
I doubt this motion car I'm swearing
myself I don't think that anything else
we need
I got Lucas AIDS monster and a sandwich
and should be ready still I okay is he
okay
Haven scared okay oh my because you seem
cozy there and nice and chill I'm not
going to put you on the seek some nice
and warm anyway so I'm gonna let you sit
there okay hey safety at least now he's
now contained by the seatbelt wait
safety first a person safety first
stay very still Stephen okay we're
almost home
don't we have not drawn him under the
dashboard the entire way I've just
pulled into my driveway money you okay
that's why I'm filming on my phone I
don't use my phone while I'm driving
unless I'm on my wand
all right Ashley you read all right
great look Amy loves it it's like what I
not may I'm going to take you out more
often I've gotta bring like a little
heat pack tonight when you go walk in
the stuff you can break them to give off
heat I need to breathe like bring like
some of them and like a pack lunch for
him I could make you know how hamsters
have like their mini foods that the I
need to do like mini foods like that but
for Steve like a mini cake that I could
eat for obviously made of dog food and
stuff and then we could take Steven like
a date about except looking good just
like that you're back home okay look I
Robbie is ah okay
I got no stream mate you've got some
food I don't want exactly what that
crickets doing to that worm but locust
even bought a lot food over there all
that food over there you've got bunch of
it should be happy okay so I'm catching
a bit all right all right I'm
live-streaming a little bit of zombies
round 15 honor on the rooks wolven it
there's a live stream of everyone saying
what uh and there is my gaming channel
on nine million nine hundred and ninety
six thousand four hundred and seventy
six what the actual heck if we hit 10
million subscribers in this live stream
that would be no I would have been
streaming
so look we're gonna strip you fine I
would have 40 minutes day so I'm gonna
be shooting pretty much all damn night
what up everybody everyone yeah look at
that arm shutters going up as well look
at that they're going up at the same
time as the hype of the blog is talking
about sick that's the blog talking the
chat talking so that's what I meant I by
the way gay live certainly is my I'm
just open this hook day livestream this
is what it looks like what I'm vlogging
because I might where I just like I'm
talking to Mel so I'm like hey guys
because it took too much we're gonna
nearly into three thousand subscribers
roommate look at it you just going up
and oh my god II click that subscribe
button
motherfucker records as you guys you're
that camera okay
I'm not sure look at that everybody
click that subscribe button if you go
ahead and click this you subscriber you
see that number but should we watch it
see if it can go over 9 million and nine
hundred and ninety seven thousand may I
really need to add the count with don't
wanna I'm already fucking region lock
adding that to the stream I don't think
me too difficult
wait for it may we went to 60,000 sixty
they so close so close so close to being
3,000 subscribers away for all three
thousand subscribes away from 10 million
oh my god legend I'm like still
streaming stuff look at this I'm less
than a thousand scream scrubs subscribes
I thought less than a thousand
subscribers away from 10 million oh my
god holy shit bro Steven Steve Steve hey
I'm sorry to interrupt you again we're
about 10 million subscribers come on
come on
you took it I know you're about to sleep
I'm so sorry buddy but the stream us to
see here is ok it's ok we're about to
hit 10 million subscribers come on I
can't get the stairs any faster cuz imma
flip what oh no way we're so close
Steve look look look at that look at
that Steve right get it are you gonna
come see Steve oh look at it seems
holy cow Steve's like I really don't
care tongue I should have 10 million
subscribers whole are we actually going
to see this roll over to 10 million on
the stream there's no way
Steve these numbers are going up quick
by the toilet flushes foot blue
I'm actually you know Amber's do this
it's no joke like everything's I was
like sighs boy am I really ever going to
hit 10 million subscribers again and I
was just by I don't know if it's
possible like see Steve you got like
Rhett you got razor sharp claws Steven
come in you gotta wait this this wait
miss me oh my god Chuck this is the most
like insane thing ever if we hit this on
stream holy crap are we gonna do it nine
million nine hundred and twenty nine
please no way 37,000 people are watching
this live Steven Steve I'm gonna get you
in the shop mate Steven see nobody it's
about to roll aah no Steve we did it we
hate several hits Kurt it's like what is
going on right now if you were asleep we
did it we actually did it well I have to
end the game don't even care and game
I'm playing keno too and no way no way
we hit that undream
I hit 10 million subscribers about let's
nine months ago I hit 10 million
subscribers but it's when I started my
vlogging so I wasn't making game videos
as much and then YouTube delete 115,000
active subscribers deleted them and I
dropped to like 9.8 million subscribers
and it was like fuck like that sucks
and then like I don't know what to do so
I think and now streaming zombies coming
back to the og shit we hit it no way to
chart much little much heart you guys
know what we've got to do I've got to
play keno too :
I have to play it I'm not going to get
to round 1 1 5 that's fuck but I've
definitely have to play it I just went
down on Kyoto and we're at 110 million
2000 subscribers and I'm like where the
hell is Steve where's you gone wouldn't
it's hid under one in the corner of a
room you're still awake it's past your
bedtime look mom I don't think to bed
come on don't worry that's why finding
yourself like a pancake I'm not
predictable I'm flippin Eck tell you
something thank God I got that promptly
in a sandwich because that's kept me
alive isn't ice cream and then Luca days
but right now it is really oh it's 249
in a model and 250 in the morning my
youtube channel is just I can't believe
it
10 million subscribers it says there but
if we go to this website it shows you
how many you're on is a live number 10
million 9350 subscribe is absolutely
ridiculous the fact that I hit 10
million subscribers on this channel
might seem crazy I just never thought it
is going to be possible again I just
didn't think it would happen I'm so glad
that I came back and been streaming and
I love zombies and it's been so much fun
and I'm definitely streaming over the
next few days or making videos like EV
daily at the children so far so good you
have to see how everything pans out what
man I'm really tired now I need to get
some food in me I need to get some more
or me and if you worry for this guy
thank you so much for the love and
support hitting 10 million subscribers
again I don't matter like Evans over the
book it's just like it's just so it's
just stupidly crazy but an absolute
blast and it really showed me so much
love for this community so thank you
seeing as though it's so late there's
only one food that can suffice at this
time and that guys and that is oh my
gosh
Danny Adamic I can definitely see this
being your health and safety hazard so I
should publish stuff it might be
traveling off to Paris I'm supposed to
be going
Thursday but I might be going Saturday
but now into there might be one Friday
so what do you guys think should in a
meet-up in Paris I don't even from Paris
who watches my videos are you guys in
Paris vlog by the way if you ever get
the chance to cook noodles cook them the
exact way I just did and don't use the
noodles that I had because these are the
best soup noodles I've ever eaten in my
life no joke flavor in this I am the
fire with the vodka we're having trouble
playing this title right now please
forgive my sweat two different title
great I probably was the bed
around 4:00 5:00 p.m. it's now 11:00
a.m. the next day
you can tell video games is taking his
torment for the record that's when I had
that nosebleed two days ago my vlog I
will cut with a nosebleed sneezed and
yeah looks like I got shotgun to the
face and I'd like to go back to bed I
really should get up start the day get
motivated I rock about a garlic so the
fact that today was even a possibility
by hitting Theriot subscribers was just
stupid so I think I'm going to play
through the rest of the colleges on Matt
so if you're watching this vlog right
now and be live stream it youtube.com
folks are syndicate around 6 7 p.m. so
if you watching this vlog immediately it
goes up then I'll be like popping live
stream around the same time so go
restream in forgot left the moon zombies
map as well as origins map as well so
I'll probably play with Noah Dalek or
waffles as Mike's I want to try and get
the Easter eggs and the staffs and stuff
so then guys are like beasts it so
hopefully we can play with them get it
all done and dusted so if you want to
tune in I'm sure I'll see you guys there
as well and don't forget there's only
like five days remaining to be able to
win the razer headphones in the giveaway
so if you want if you didn't know about
that click down description is a razer
headphone giveaway and you can enter
right now simply if you subscribe to the
channel so thank oh this just reminded
me as well this artwork was done by my
college tutor Paul way back in the day
when I bought my first of a gaming PC
and he drew that same Tom's like gaming
big gaming PC massive showers everyone
in the stream last night who did
actually make fun ah i retweeted a bunch
of them and I'm going to pick my
favorite ones and we're going to send
you guys some swag from syndicate Ridge
and I like Alice and my mom pick which
ones to give away like prizes too so I
really really appreciate people who do
fun out in this community and I really
want to give back whether it's a poster
that I send to you guys in return or
t-shirt or whatever it is but there you
go so if you do get some someone from
Sadiki original hit you up asking for
your details make sure it's the right
twitter account so they get regional
syndicate og on twitter and communicate
with them and you'll get some swag sent
to your face but let's add this day I'm
hoping to do a little bit of bowling
with Cal I'm hoping to eat healthy
lunches
maybe possibly and I should look good
from here so basically the like rain
subscribe thank you very much for
watching I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m.
fun of my next daily vlog madness adios
nice
