yeah before today's launch that Alex
tell us about something
Oh what is it no get your pose be an
actress whoa she's going to over to the
ready for the video I'm not even
recording these are the fucking blooper
outtakes we try and do four fucking
promo videos wait
laughing cell phone are you say what and
where can they click the link this
treacherous never get there eventually
but in non-crazy terms that if you guys
did want to get one of the insignia
hoodies it is now available cynic
original comm the backing stock get
yours now
lights on oh no one's - Eve morning
Steve I do me you okay
so if you hum today what you broke will
be pushed over what you destroyed well
why can't see is food not even have you
been eating or not oh there's that
football team that's really really bad
in that right term macadam that's just
me being a total dick toward summer
Congress is a huge City and we if
everyone's between like I'm just going
to call the football wall here I don't
care about football for if you want to
cause a wall tweet at some McCallum
telling him City silks just because I
feel like it's a new dawn it's a new day
and then going to a place called
glamorous to some food okay that just
seemed really racy at all of a sudden he
falls got noodles wrapped rice with
what's in it mushrooms and soaked
restrooms and pork and stocks and Wow
duck feet
okay so excited not a fun a duck feet by
even Robert about it what is that it's
the happiest thing I've ever seen in my
life
absolutely Oh wholesale time my god am I
in my element here flippin heck that's
exactly what I've come for
shaking down me Romano this place is
like heaven to me and if I don't go to
China soon I'm gonna hate my look at it
I have no idea what any of this shit is
that's great that's the same guy just
wearing the Chinese restaurant what is
it
lookie Buddha bit Oh someone's ordered a
hell of a lot of stuff and then three
bowls of rapeseed please thanks I
thought I bought enough noodle 30 packs
for oh my gosh look at the collection
heaven in it oh my guy
there are severe waving cap oh wow
that's that guy again but what kind of
store would it be without some knives oh
yeah I didn't realize that the entire
time I was walking around that
wholesaler place I was going no my guy
no my guy and then I found out that
means I was shouting sticky rice
okay that's great Thank You wing yep I
will be back for more noodles well that
was convenient I turned up to get
something from a PC world they're
closing in a week okay first of all that
is a nice ass how'd it did it a good job
with that what's good
second of all PC world Curry's got
myself some more anal beads got myself
the job amount so I can obviously not
produce a lie or anything for levity
it's not for a camera for my iPhone and
then got the mount as well and then I'm
gonna get an ice cream I think so much
selection but keep things simple with
this bad boy I'm just going to replay
this clip because listen carefully when
that guy shouts out from the ice cream
van you have to follow them Facebook it
just probably so much charlie so much
selection but keep things simple with
this bad boy hands-down the best moment
of the ice cream cone where you get just
to the edge and it's nice and crispy oh
and by the way Richard Hammond there's
nothing wrong with grown man eating ice
cream
thank you very much I'm hoping this is
going to like a cool smooth transition
but then I could spit you all the way
around and stop damn it you were
supposed to stop here right so times get
a little bit serious and a lot of people
gonna be like why and the reason for
that is you might have exams coming up
it's several people watching this video
alike
I'm not even in school anymore I'm an
education why the hell are you talking
about exams and stuff like that and the
reason for that is everyone have been
bombarded me my comments on Twitter and
Facebook for like words of advice when
it comes to the GCSEs that they got
coming up like there are exams all the
sort of stuff and the panic that might
crazy
and it's the end of the world and if you
fail it what we're going to do with a
life how they're going to survive what
the parents good thing on the friends
going to think what that employers gonna
think what do they do when it comes to
exams now I'm not exactly the greatest
example of what doing live students
though I spend yesterday's vlog throwing
this ninja star a cutout called cut out
what a cut out cardboard figure of a
person and who's also my idol
I stole through this in his junk so if
I'm an example about my English reading
skills work and before we go any further
I think it's only fair to let you guys
know what I actually got through my
GCSEs I actually managed to secure an A
in engineering the rest of the actual
things I studied I don't know what it
was I think it was religious studies
because the school I went to you had to
do that science history didn't do
history English maths and then you know
other things but basic on physical
education as well but across all of my
GCSEs and so far it equated to I think
around 13 GCSEs and by would you believe
I passed every single one of them was at
8 all B's and 4 C's so I got pretty much
every grave necessary needed to go to
college and do what I wanted to do I
could go to pretty much any college I
wanted to and like you could say
suddenly like a sad to get in but like I
guess that's it you go into like a top
staff private one which I didn't need to
go to I was going to like a community
college to study Electrical Engineering
and as you guys know I did go into a
course to do ICT and program minister
facts I watch the big game developer but
first and we might dad being a build as
you saw he built my house with there you
go and I wanted to trade because if my
dad oh is dead like if you had a trailer
and you about his skill you've got for
life it can never be taken away from you
let's get let's do something that but it
can never be taken away from you and
there's always a need in a demand for
trade plus it help you travel the world
if you meet electrician you'd
electrician in in France in Germany and
American stuff like that and if you
learn skilled you pretty much set and
that's basically what I did I went to go
and do a year of what's congener after I
got my grades and it was fun I just
perfect until they told me that every
day of your life you're going to use
algebra and now it's like hell no I
don't like algebra and got a B in math
don't ever want to continue that and and
from that day forward I knew that the
next year after that I was going to
leave and go do gaming design
programming because fuck max
sighs I'm drunk shout out to my mum by
the way who went and did her GCSEs at
the age of like I don't know 40 or
something because she was bored and felt
like it not this donkey and this is me
gone through school did my GCSEs got a B
in math my mum decided to go to write
night schools study and went and got a
start in math at GCSE level and then
thing she ended at a university well and
past that was back
hi calls as well so shout out to you
month of being super smart at maths and
not passing that on to me but yeah
whatever okay change of scenery I'm now
in my car and it's absolute rain but I
won't just get this video like kind of
like more wrapped up and tight for you
guys now you've heard me talking about
like wow maybe okay mom if you believe
you put in the best amount of energy you
can into this time period that you've
got then you should get the result you
wanted you know there may be things
going on in your life whether you know
you're stressed out or family issues or
something like this but if you make the
time to focus knuckle down and get it
done it will pay off for the future if
you get it done now you'll never have to
go back to it I have friends you went
and did like courses of college after
the did you like high school doing GCSE
and they failed like see even math or
English and then that meant in their
next college course they have to do the
college course like revision and the
stories and exam at the same time as
resetting say their English other GCSE
exam in the space of not just to two
years they have to do the two-year GCSE
of English a math in one year and it
just stress them the hell out and it
just made things even worse now I'm not
trying to scare you but it's just a
thing of if you get it done now you
don't have to do it in the future and
trust me once it's out the way and once
it's finished you're set and it's great
like driving a car the pressure of doing
your driving test you theories like oh
I'm just as all hell on a panic in the
panic sets in and it's just crazy crazy
crazy but once you've done it it's done
and set for life you know it is always a
good example of everything even if you
fail it you can come back to it you know
yeah you say like if you don't get your
teachers ease don't know you know you
can never do it again it's like you can
resit them you can but you know you
don't want to have to do that don't
forget in life there's different paths
you can go down yes you can go off to
say hey I'm gonna do GCS is I'm gonna go
to college go to university I'm gonna
come out of it and I'm gonna be a doctor
or a lawyer or whatever the hell it is
what a big so I just let that pop up you
can you can go down that path but then
the results or the route of you know if
you want to say screw it I want to do
magic cities got like GCSE dunno they
want to become an electrician or a
laborer or something like that and then
you don't have to go to university you
can go off and like make your way in
that career you could go off like my
best friend Chris and he was an
electrician delightful engineer for two
years like he did the first year with me
and then I left to go and do a ICT
programming like
19 and Chris Dayton did that then within
these apprenticeship as electrician but
it didn't decide he liked it didn't to
continue in it and then emerged to find
himself a completely different job
working for this company can't develop
like a printing company and this huge
that multi-million dollar companies been
enough like five years now and worked
his way up the chain and it's absolutely
killing it you know is absolutely set
now and it's just a great example of
yeah
you can follow the the path that you're
supposed to take you know college
university all that sort stuff but you
can fall it part the way and then branch
off somewhere else you can just you know
completely hook it up and still find
your own way and there's an example like
me you can still follow it part way and
then branch off to say do one course
here and then one course there and
finally find out what you want to do
which my passion was video games and
wanting to create with your games which
then led me to doing my YouTube which
then led me to only my own gaming
company like path to open up a new doors
like when one door closes and those door
opens and just don't be so disheartened
if your exam results come back not with
the results that you've you've you've
wanted and for whatever reason they
didn't whether you know you didn't study
hard enough or you know whatever went
wrong there's always a plan B just
always remember that there's always a
plan B so not the end of the world and
it's not a great scenario but there's
always a plan B just believe in yourself
and whatever that next step is you do
with it along the way and as it happens
I trust you guys to put in the time and
effort I believe in you don't go giving
me no excuses of but I want to be a
youtuber solid it was my video again
that not revised no get that shit done
now another YouTube just get your shit
done now revive get it done you'll smash
it feel confident going positive it's
like a fight go in to win it you don't
go in to lose go in to fuck shit up a
walk out with best possible outcome and
you'll thank yourself in the future okay
very well a vlog has been all over the
place today
trust me about footage issues all damn
day but I tried my best to please it to
desert with the screw GG run talk
because I believe in you guys you can do
me proud and you're all going to get the
best grades possible and you know what
even if some of you do say last - I mean
become a youtuber and you do
fuck yeah you know why could you fucking
did it yeah yeah yeah but I'd like to
thank you for watching
make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe and as always
I teach in prison Oh successfully
achieve independence like outro oh sorry
oh good get back here
my mouth the mr. bean alright you go to
our deSario what else yeah close enough
