oh my gosh it is such a nice day that's
why I'm naked but I go crazy guys I'm
going to go absolutely crazy if you
wouldn't bring Tom why are you awakened
it seems quiet because it's seven
o'clock in the morning and these crows
have been back attacking my windows they
walk me up
I'm not joking look I'm bloody naked but
they smack my windows to death again
they really shut everywhere this is
fresh poopoo and reattach my windows
with fresh blood that's them
I can hear you actually might be a
magpie but I can hear you and I've got
my wind already opened and a pellet with
their name is war cruise
I wasn't even there trying to attack the
crow then I just wanted to try and get
on camera what it does it just turns up
beats up the window until we catch it it
flies off and return
that in the day probably proper probably
but probably should have said properly
but whatever the pollen is in the air
the planes are in the sky
the food is in my bowl and I like
derriere
that makes sense so that it's a sweat
patch from where I've been sat for past
20 minutes
holy crap okay put it already had a
shower this morning I feel like I need
another one it's just so hot and you
can't think like 27 degrees where I am
right now
oh it appears I had a visit to my house
approximately twelve you all we know who
is gonna be it is my god looking up what
it's not like I I don't know why you
rings a doorbell like that but he does
watched I miss him because I was in bed
right now but oh my gosh I'm assuming
that my granddad came to drop something
off for me
and threw it because this is by
marketing he's by mode or elastic tube
or support sports strains and joints
will fight you drums up that is actually
she's and smash the window
exactly all related yes there's blog was
played a little bit as ahmud
and all of a sudden I can hear banging I
don't understand it always knows I'm
watching it it's in the tree and that's
all I have to say about that lieutenant
dang no more crows it truly is a shame
because at first it was pulling that oh
my gosh these cars are attacking my
house these cars are waiting you put
that there banging on my windows there
you know squawking and attacking it and
stealing the robot like that I can
assure you on this the stealing like
this piece of rubber from around my
windows but they've done that much
damage worth of money to my house it's
just like they have to go they just had
to had to go and especially with a fuck
nut now they just bought all my windows
and stuff at first like a faceplant bird
mark was like ah haha they fumbled it
back but to find where every time I came
back from Windows and there's just
boards fly it all over it's just like no
house is on full-on summer mode right
now going into the garage she initially
bike just ignore them that was not
interested but this the house is
enforceable or you might like well why
do you got curtain this is to to get
give it to shade to the room but look
you go out here and all the Guardian
patio furniture but look I've got all
the doors open so it's just flowing in a
breeze out where these currents supposed
to cook whoops
and how the hell did I drop a towel
outside boom and oh oh my god I'm an
idiot
but yeah I keep these clothes they got a
beautiful breeze flowing throughout my
house without my house getting hot see
look at that it's just so Airy in here
as well
made it to the destination now I'll need
to do is open up this to make the house
a little bit more flowy for the summer
breeze I'm hoping is clear MOT it yes it
does time to complete this collection we
have all these pots series you have pop
figures on the other two walls they're
popping on there but I have all these
shelves ready for the new ones
anastasiya thank you once again for this
bad boy I cannot wait to add this to the
collection but you can see what's going
on here if you Ghostbusters meets
pac-man so we move all the pac-man ones
off like so and the Game of Thrones cast
as well we can turn this shelf into
ghostbusters only oh this one is newt
scamander
for it's fantastic piece and mrs. Harry
Potter book series oh it's the same
world or universe he got really I think
it's fair to say I like a mall tomorrow
we're doing good open or ever since I
think Newt Newt could go there and then
if we put him back up there you go squat
it up I need to know if there's a Hagrid
because I don't actually hugger it and I
think he should definitely be in the
collection but when you start adding the
last one no I think I feel like we've
got to add one more big pop figure from
Dan I think it's done thank you so much
Resident Evil look at this tyrant from
Resident Evil absolutely beef we can put
this up here with like sign us from
Avengers ant-man Big Bird Skyrim
doom and that other monster no you sure
I want to say that's from evolved that
one right there but again not too sure
so let's add this bye-bye - this is
where things really start getting
complicated because I have group with
green and growing back and I then have
group normal I then have the gaze of the
galaxy but I have flurry a rocket normal
rocket and now I have volume 2 floating
rocket please don't tell me there's more
than one version of rocket in this one
there is not so we could be okay oh oh I
thought this was one that I didn't have
I already had wait wait is it is it the
saint wait no it's not that's a
different one line just chip
I'm saying that different ones is see a
little device there you see how it's got
stuff on it
that one doesn't look this one just been
melted or something we however that is
definitely the same one so this one is
going to go on the duplicates pile which
is here so that whoa what the hell let
me just pause real quick this Kratos is
somehow making itself oh wait no that's
a duplicate so the duplicate pile grows
never do because and needed you because
apart from a minute this one definitely
isn't you've got Simba what where the
hell these ones what finding where the
hell are these come from these were
suggesting drops off by Alice or
something so oh yeah Hank these ones
here as well all Jupiter's as long as
they have them so we're going to auction
them off for charity
as soon as we know where the destination
of the charity is going Amy thank you
very much for Brian I don't have him
going on the wall got love to put on
I've got my custom Tom syndicate one
which I obviously can't take out the box
thank you so much of that alright we've
got the master set under media Andromeda
I can't say that we wait I've I've got
this one this other one I've just put up
there in black it is so duplicate Oh to
these guys Jake Weston Jacob blue thank
you so much for that but impossible
those do click now you might be like
wait you're just going to sell a gift
that fan gave you don't wear speak to
them and say if I've already got it is
it okay to me to auction if not keep it
don't give it to me and they say yeah so
hey go
that will get auctioned off as well
thank you very much alright next up and
this one looks like could you forget
Wonder Woman wouldn't the woman when the
woman is it all at Supercuts
to Tom from John SM Oh Jack Jordan Jack
Jay Dan Qi Dan thank you brother but I'm
sorry it is again a Jupiter cat it is oh
thank god this is a volume 2 version so
we don't actually have that one that
one's the volume one we now have volume
- how am i how am I going to fit this on
here I say what will not have to do we
might have to because there's so oh my
gosh there's so many Star Wars figures
that we may have to take like half of
these off and do main characters and
then all the characters on there you
know I'm saying so any tough little
squeeze even at that because look I've
got Game of Thrones
I got pac-man mainly the Ghostbusters as
soon as
got all of them onto here as well you
know I have this is like the main
selection odd TV movies and stuff like
that and then like one like these look
they're just all random at Pirates of
the Caribbean
Skyrim alien vs. predator that sort of
stuff so you got like the box set and
you like the beak a rounded look like
frozen meats meet up no art so this
could be the disney/pixar oh I'll have
to do is move these to DD night if I
wait minute to alleys oh this is for
Alice but I want to complete the
collection or it's not completing the
collection but I want to grow the
collection unless you watch this vlog
then alice is right there you can come
and collect it so we'd open our last big
one but I haven't I got the x-men
Wolverines motorcycle oh yeah I think
don't know if either have any of the
Wolverine ones maybe not all right x-men
one can go on this shelf over here and
look quite badasses also throw in some
one coulomb hi Tom why do I read cards
got a Jon Snow but I don't have a Jon
Snow
what any of the Nights Watch though it
is and I know he's spoiler boom but now
we've got a Night's Watch version ye
squad up I'm assuming this is all of our
abut Aaron thank you so much this he's
given me Hermione Granger Severus Snape
and Draco Malfoy
so the Harry Potter collection is
swiggity swag out so I might actually
move them down from there and put them
there so I've got a bit more room Palace
left one of these drinks in the freezer
so it's completely throw sides when you
leave it outside to drip into like a
slushy right now they're hoping in five
minutes a bit we're what is this
contraption
also Tom stole my fucking office because
I've got socks on but Tom's drip pump
your drink is just bubbling over I'm
waiting for it to just crack and it's
just gonna be a glass glass drink
however it does look rather nice well
I've done it oh shoot this no no we're
having for Steve and Pete and down there
Jim I don't where we going to aim for
Tom
it is two front teeth yeah that one on
that one so your first shot will give
you two shots and see what you can do
here
oh brother all right lad stretch on it
Steve and beaten Safety's off mmm
looking swing all the way go to date
date breast
I love done got a press room all right
oh you always top lip all right close
close at my turn
I've decided that we've got a place
where we can aim through wait a little
over oh wait yeah oh you filthy grip Tom
Oh flick
oh well inaccurate about you which one
they're yours on the way so this was
yours dead clothes nose mine well off
and you did it freestanding alright
let's see what you do with the target
holder hey so I'm getting the safety
hook this is not concealer it can you
know you can see can't you alright keep
your finger off the trigger
move your gun down edge so what I'll do
is I'm gonna go here
don't shoot I'm gonna aim in from here
around the wall all right you ready
weren't ya Oh close
you got the tip you've got the tip of
his nose did it look to the V nostril
yeah no I see like a front - no I got
the side tooth fuming dooby Moo
Tom prefers standing up and having
something to lean on alright well then
go on load it again load yourself up
I'll check the target where did he get
where did he yeah well I got the tooth
that was you that was you and that was
me not too sure where you got me not
idea also if Steve peat manages to see
this I'm sorry bro but I told you you
becoming a target practice I shot them
in the crotch rappel it's a three stars
dick ah
I actually love it means Matt is like my
hero like I look sleepy so clever that
let me come Tom dad tell me dum dum lad
woo is it even here mmm mmm
that young it was either that one or
that one not want me not what no that
was like the other one now you put a
filter thing he knows you to Danny
didn't get it I got right close to my
first shot Danny good I'm supposed to be
a trained professional I've got like 40
hours on college you two don't
understand why I miss look right there
next to your taste and grouping them but
I did hit the teeth I didn't take the
tooth out but I did chip it I take the W
here is it drinkable oh that was good
yeah no shit
well beverage is extreme in my room
boiling my tits off on a beautiful day
look at the student beating through
there but I'm just I'm just filming this
now so every time alive should be 17,000
people they're watching live stream I
need to prove to them that my screen
because it's so light in this room I can
have a teaming screen it's so dark and
here is the evidence this it's so like
the dark corners are so dark that when
it's on becomes closed I just can't see
them I just went down was playing
zombies at the same time that hexagon
208 just fun to the stream so I told
everyone to play me because I was I was
shouting out his name and look at
everyone just blame him in the chat by
the way if you're watching this actually
I don't actually blame you it's just
just a prank bro
she's prank I would extremely dumb but I
love that I just finished streaming
after saying I blame the guy hacks for
getting me down in zombies I go to my
vlogging Channel and check out the
comments I saw was from Ryan Allen's
saying just came for the stream blame
hex UMP indeed comment good job dude I
appreciate people you know what's your
gaming videos and the vlogs I know not
everyone likes gaming stuff for massive
look to everyone who watches both the
things so appreciate you guys a lot
thank you
25 degrees outside I've got two monitors
blasting here me I've got a heat lamp
box wait wait your mugs no I've got a
bottle of pumping heat at me and I've
got my lights on and my poor a/c units
got one little hole of air pushing out
at me and it certainly off cuz it's just
wasting its goddamn time but I need to
get the hell out of this room grown-ass
men we can do this looking what we look
so manly we got fire stuff we've got a
gun
let's try and get this going
I don't have to burn it for 15 minutes
so I might as well get excited now I was
going to say oh I'd read the
instructions to see if that's all you
have to do but like the sausage roll
that I am
the instructions were there Tom what
your thoughts on um these are all
supposed to be great and they're not so
we're giving us some minutes right can
we spread it's perfect shit
Tom be a professional washed it for me
just do what I was doing a minute ago
couples are all right so we're gonna
spread these out yeah yeah perfect there
you go now could see that will spread
these out all right I should champion
this right I'm gonna put another one on
all right look at this one break-in Tom
I need you to watch it oh yeah else but
look we all stop stop stop stop stop
stop got this shit all right bro
now we've got a hope that this does it
right see it's all collapsing on itself
this is good but is it going to do the
job we need it to do let's read the
instructions one more time all right
place it on open integral on it yep in a
insulite in a bag and charcoal great
yeah like the corners of the bag make
I'm not confident about how much more
you're putting on it Hannah what's that
it's gonna work I reckon then leave
another bag this pump Jenna you're on
and you know what by perfect that is
actually Oh Tom account money then
bollocks ayyy ayyy ayyy gay guy he's a a
a a guy that's working but doesn't that
mean I owe you money
yeah shit hey I'll take it off you're a
thousand pound win oh wait no I have to
add it to shit
Tom McCallum's current winnings off me
at ten thousand ten pounds yeah I left
the door on my car open so let it
Bentley in case I need 20 so on lift it
up little lid lid didn't lift the lid
lid oh my god burgers on the girl boy
like Esau good spot on it
hey you're now part of the local village
you literally need me now Yaffe you're
excited we shouted Tom near the night
because it was literally just over that
house and we shout what you're doing
with a good you Araz
beautiful sunsets look at it ah another
two hours yeah a sister for the ketchup
in the fridge or in the cupboard
I posted it in the fridge and it is a
bitch
hey yo same fresh I wish you all right
my friend I would like that one please
anger on AH stop fighting me cookie
Cooper are we doing what we did put it
on there bud on I guess move the hell is
this yep
don't even bloody melon buddy backyard
he's fucking did it but I would know any
time until I Cheers
burger Cheers that hmm it looks red
there but it's not in real life that is
cooked yeah maybe that cooked to
perfection
that is so nice Costco's burgers for a
barbecue hmm yes we say in someone's day
they cooked
um I think fingers crossed we don't get
do poison or die
look at that sunset just look at it
beautiful sausage Cheers touching tips
that's flavorful what it looks like on
the grill what it looks like when you'd
be skinned it will be should be shallots
then dip it in soy sauce all here oh
yeah so good stay safe so McCallum love
you that the key is still nice and
toasting away to guys it's so warm I
might just stay out here and weirdly
cuddle and foot lips but look at it it
is actually now five minutes to tan and
look how bright is look at it
I've actually caught some time I'm so
happy about it my gosh there we go my
screen is a I'm a gun at it by the way
tomorrow's vlog so of course you can you
talk about for those stops from doing
that but have to wrap up today's vlog
guys so I hope you enjoyed it if you did
major leave a like rating subscribe and
I'll catch you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next daily vlog don't forget I
am going to insomnia 61 so if you
haven't got your tickets yet go ahead
and get your tickets from their website
use code Isaac's you want indicate a top
10% off I know everyone's tweeting me
saying you've already got theirs but you
know what I want to see our nephew in
England the next day absolutely sucks I
should probably be bringing in my
cushions right now because they're gonna
get so wet through but ah forget about
it
check your mat and as always daddy of
Steel look
