oh yeah you expected a floor didn't ya
well guess what don't worry I actually
did something today there will be a vlog
but I need to let you guys know 7:30
p.m. tonight I'm gonna be streaming on
Twitter on TV for it's us in UK links
down in description see you guys there
be there or be square gonna stream a bit
of fauna and try and get some Victor
Royales for your face so see you then
ladies you're waking up to Dominus yeah
what is that about let me walk on
myclass bridge walk to the mirror and
take a look at myself and realize that
there's literally nothing left when it
comes to mmm self-respect you might be
like what why tell me you weren't sure
you look good yeah look at my pants look
at my buns look at my buns look look
hole in them hmm just kind of gonna go
with the hole help nobody notices
something well more importantly Tom why
are you wearing like dinner puns like
trout trousers um well today
is Gayle though basically step mum's
birthday
it's Gail's birthday and we're doing
like a afternoon lunch teen birthday
extravaganza like thingy I'm late
basically my dad said to me this morning
was like listen it's smart dressed and I
was like right smart dress ready for
that
what does that mean that I was gonna
just wear like shirt and jeans and he
was like no no no James I thought jeans
were quite smart but apparently no I
wear jeans so I'm wearing my trousers
I'm wearing my trousers so Lydia thinks
it looks strange I think it looks
strange but my dad specifically said no
jeans I don't know anything other than
jeans apart from dress pants so correct
why don't I just wear swim shorts that
show but all we have to do is walk down
the road to where we need to go because
you know the wine bar where I usually go
drinking about my dad in the Viking lads
well my dad's hired that place out and
invited all Gail's friends and stuff
together so she'll be really nice they
actually oh I'm so excited to see you
but you're just still so far away it's
been a while ha how was Iceland Seine
and say you look smart you wearing jeans
dad specifically said no jeans wines
we're going in there's a few people in
there already that's Keith and Katie
look at this after you sir closed
private party who thinks you know easier
a tea party is underway but gentle
and I just want to lose on the question
is wrong a wind-up camera is is this is
this yours are you giving them out all
right no pressure for me to start it is
birthday this is how we take a selfie
back in the nineties did you wind it go
and it this is a cover of your
generation not my generation and I know
how to use it there we go but imagined a
modern-day old-school selfie that photo
was gonna be right near his face go on
mud I'm well arrested I'm well impressed
this is min what is that slice of a pork
pie I think we've got four five pshh
follow Vaughn's he's got some cakes up
in what like in that
well the party is definitely under way
once with Buffy what do you call this
would you call this once we've got the
props out Gail's running around with the
windup camera
what good idea for fire I like right the
secret way of being able to document
something I like it a lot here we see
Ken proud of himself for organizing an
amazing party he's doing a very good job
I'm also so wondering what is the deal
with the doctor Scott Scott Scott Scott
Scott been disassembled thank you much
longer Lola Gayle is about to release
until three two one see ya oh I look at
everyone with a little photo that why
you bugging me are you doing
vlogging you vlogging me it's a bus wait
is the bus wait into something you're an
8-3 take what oh they're all just uh the
rest of brilliant thank you
you're gonna phone the Coleman happy
birthday sir
happy birthday happy birthday to you
will I always do one for good look
did you do this is this is the dog I
like they were you watching here
is this healthy shadow lady do you know
I know her that's my friend I'm gonna be
very impressed yeah I'm gonna be very
impressed if you can fit that in a smart
car go on your little magician but he's
a leprechaun
I got I got I'm doing anything I'm gonna
let you struggle there we go for your
60th birthday I get you're twice as many
dolls oh no just us two I'm going on
Twitter at the vlog I think I'm getting
a haircut tomorrow by the way I'm gonna
go for a new look very sophisticated
actually a my own aware of someone
coming pruning my trees cuz this can't
be serious
there's there's so many branches my dad
support murrs ma I'm gonna find my dad
this was his responsibility look at it
can if you're watching this you did an
absolutely magnificent job with gales
birthday congratulations it was a very
good turn up very happy for you I am
sorry I had to go it seems like a few
people will even anyway Bach yeah good
on you kid good on you mmm smells like
poo I wonder why
maybe cuz they missed the turd this is
the PlayStation that wasn't working
yesterday so I'm gonna switch it out
because it is the old old PlayStation
for my PlayStation Pro which means the
game should run smoother better faster
ish and hopefully far now twerk I'm
actually kind of sad to retire that
place
because at one first of all he's got all
my DLCs installed I've ever had from
like black ops war mmm
black ops you know black ops 3 because
it's the black ops 3 ps4 because you can
see the little three there and the
zombie symbols and especially because
track gave it to me but on with the best
stuff
onwards and upwards I think I need to
get like some sort of racking system
here like you know from a Playstation so
if anyone's got any link they can tweet
me of like a rack for you place they
should pro your xbox let your Nintendo
because like right now I don't wanna
stack on top of each other cuz if he I'd
rather they had like spaces if anyone's
got any recommendation really appreciate
it finally I got the stream working
everything's good but I need to do a
shout out to southpaw and Sivir Jack
Fraser King Rico Targa soon mister man
will appreciate alchemical with the six
months table Oh pity boy and sooo not
that's certainly what's in see Oh Cena
Mexico and packs it and nez me thank you
very much for subscribing guys the first
guys at night legends first game of the
stream the chat is going to hand brownie
and we got a victory rile we got next
giveaway rock and rollin in five four
three two one the survey says does it
deter asian black belt 18 thank you very
much for subscribing man thanks to sport
I'm a twist show you when yourselfer so
be sure and for everyone asking we're
still in the works of the the t-shirt
that can only be obtained of a syndicate
regional t-shirt that can only be the
same fruits which coming soon so me
never gonna work on a designer hopefully
getting rockin and rollin streams over
pretty good but we have a problem gaming
video that I need to render an upload to
my gaming channel before midnight now is
currently 1009 so we need to get this
video rendering ASAP boy if I don't get
this up before midnight what I've been
talking about with like consistency of
uploading it every other day I will have
missed a day well to be fair I'm still
uploading it so I'm still trying to skit
stick to that like you know regular
schedule but I would have been before
I would have been after midnight
therefore I kind of like already broke
my schedule five days into it so I've
just gotta hope that this video renders
out insane mmm half an hour and then it
takes an hour and a half to upload
however the video is a whopping 35
minutes long so I don't see what's
happening
Nerra to midnight but doesn't matter
because Lydia brought me some food back
she bought me some spicy chips with
chicken cheese peppers and cilantro
exactly happy about this lunch were part
of it but other than that it's so bad
for your buddy so we're deciding whether
or not to watch mid on the Orient
Express because we're tempted to go on
the Orient Express cause it sounds
amazing book ladies a bit slow so I
don't know but it wouldn't loads of
awards so temp dude so me trying to
upload this video is going to take an
hour and fifty minutes its 11:14 yep
that DeGale blowing on time no I'm good
I didn't get it up yesterday should have
been live should taking care of it
bought my day got taking up with Gail
and streaming so you know what I'm
really sorry about that if you're
watching today's vlog if you're watching
this right now you click link in the
description I will have already uploaded
it to the channel or it will be a bonus
if you want to go check out just go to a
main channel god
neuf on that video for your faces it's
like 30 minutes long so you're just
gonna have to get used to the ethnics
epicness thank you but nonetheless guys
are really tired today you can tell I
just didn't sleep much last night we
were stayed up watching the RN Express
and then I was up on my phone for ages
what you ninja play for that and I was
like I really need to get better at this
game but nonetheless I didn't get my
hair cut I'm gonna get that done
tomorrow instead
so until then thank you very much for
watching make sure leave a like rating
and subscribe I'll see you guys then for
the next day vlog so much love
laris adios
