all nice day outside and come to stop it
it is actually four o'clock in the
afternoon my Blake told what we talked
about you know a bit early and I'd like
to but just didn't sleep well last night
so sir by that however something's
different about my house what on earth I
can sense a presence in my basement
first of all I'm going to need my
flippin office
that's just priority number one don't
judge my socks oh I'm getting closer and
closer to the presence wait a minute oh
don't what's up brother my earrings oh
you look absolutely terrified is like
this is a new change and I'm not sure if
I like it dude there's so much stuff in
there that you need some room to play
don't you but you you fabulous in there
may you okay oh please all the way and
it's yesterday's vlog edited and you
might be like Tom you naked again and
that's right
but look I own a clothing line so I have
fresh teacher it's on demand oh I love
it when you come up run new and fresh
because my dad always shrooms my clothes
when he puts them in the driver will
look at that oh absolutely you and some
people wondered by the way we've just
got them shirts back in stock so if you
want to get yourself a large to shop
make the most of it insignia shirt then
go ahead and get one now what you doing
no I came back to check up on him and
he's jumped on his favorite favorite log
a song I don't know
unknown I'm not sure he's eaten
something or is cookie does now it
doesn't look like it damage of reading
book I mean treated to what the hell
about a runny nose Steve what didn't
look at him
he was also a fine second
- what he knows you know the family
appointment as ben gromicko himself
gonna give Steven a little clean with a
little a little a bud ding and ripened
down I think it's just write a book and
cook food all over his face when you say
so okay did you enjoy that Steve came
Austria where did it okay let's get you
back to your new home gone you go Prince
certainly point to one fat dick oh it
looks well good brick it looks so good
good yeah good bye cared
I appreciate you blocking my drive I've
got to start getting hella motivated
today you know what I absolutely love
the socks and sandals route and I know
everyone's judging me in the comments
you can all go know what I need to get
motivated I've gotta react to the new
card use on the shredder which came out
yesterday shoulda done it then that was
bike riding I've got to get going get
some food and I get a get a star book so
let's start this day oh shit got it as
long as well I thought you were going
got present for you Oh magic for me it's
more energy for you ah dad you said so
that Google activated thanks man you go
further
okay longer okay bye now okay bye now
put goodbye lasse and I haven't cheese
toast it's that they say Winston is
heading to the pub now to go and join up
with the boys and not wearing my flippy
floppies probably would not get in in
them for the record I generally have no
idea I got home on anyone ready to play
shot snap yeah I know happy birthday and
we all know you'd be activate your
Facebook account cause you hate
notifications so we created it instead
these fucking bones blown off
and whether these medicine songs have a
chicken Chris start analyzing ocean up
to this point the good ha ha ha that was
under that you saw Wes cook yesterday
dad would you how that looks good
I know this is world-famous boy ie and
if this was really good like really
really good for like ien more of it so
thick about 1514 ladies a Chilean pasta
learner Marvin oh god dogs don't you
look at ha ha ha ha ha yeah and I about
to find some weirdo guys what's going on
I have no idea who the lady if you kiss
me their first Rhino is over the wall I
just poking it the baby call it ghosting
he is not yeah yeah of the Christmas we
got in a ghost costume
all right by my friend Rosie come on
he's doing
Oh all day what is the wheel yeah yes we
go okay should we get back mm go get him
oh wait you thought for so long oh my
god Kiki busted discovering that we've
got in tracks and find my friends
he says he's deleted the app so he does
acknowledge on it so it shows show is
the the setting of outer we've got it
set to notify when you leave the area so
we know if it goes watching you I know
we're watching you
hey Zach we like they drew good good
because this is Alec and where we know
the videos deleting that look always at
to johannes beginning and it suited him
Oh your exact now space you gotta be
responsible 100 finish you the rest of
it I hope you'll actually going for it I
know I know
Colonel you liked it instant bombing
I'm trying to push it bastard oh that
was painful
RINO the record you thought you go stood
here we go
and he's on the phone oh we got someone
go round the back as well oh they're
doing the trap on someone what something
and this is where everyone just tries to
leave the fucking folks like this oh
here we go
got your waitress that spend a week and
it all increases all damages this woman
your wife my love okay Hana why save
tomorrow dr. Arya look up that crystal
Evelyn I'll do for the morning I know
it's midnight happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear I know make a
wish and drink it happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you I don't need to
wet my glasses younger team happy
birthday day
happy birthday to you
ha ha ha I mean take it down in a second
okay wait maybe I will give you 27
pounds 55 minutes in salted chicken bean
did you know chicken pieces but burn in
the wall I'll give you twenty eight
pound fifty and I will not go fuck
myself
hello accept it but some gay package
suffice and breaking bad drug money
fiber every sleeping well let's hope
there's no mess in my local area 131 at
night I be myself some super noodles and
I got this room from the noodles after
me only so they tasted pretty much like
shit and Tom McCallum is taking the
worst poo of existence of man because
he's round that corner farted taking a
poo it was that loud it lasted more than
10 seconds let's see how do you breathe
boom whoops I just cheering that little
bit in but it attacted clunk leave climb
follow it over always took a massive poo
that's a good thing
and then everything else seems fine not
what a sunny man who's not been punished
in anything and somehow that cricket is
still alive that's some sleep my boy and
if I go into this top you'd like the
lights on come on Tom listen if the area
skidmarks nuts are over you're dead
you call me being a good friend at the
two o'clock in the morning getting my
camera ready for this is what my first
ever DSLR camera I think it's a gorilla
DSLR camera bought for me to do my walls
with in Superman I realized it was
terrible BOTS really took taking part of
some charging already for Chris to go on
holiday with Chris being my goddaughters
father there you go so charging up from
now so hopefully it's going to take some
beautiful photos of him and a
goddaughter
Ariella fucking doors are you opening
you know what's on McComb I won't have
anybody judge me and my fashion Center I
think today I'm wearing the farmer's cap
I'm not usually bottle of refurbish
although what this is oh yeah uh-huh
what was in the season coming up soon II
what something Dubai of my video I'll
just say thank you very much for
watching make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe I got you guys tomorrow
and then you have to go I'm sorry oh I
know but I want you to say it
come on service adios go on dad yeah dad
yeah or was that said ladies and
gentlemen I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog
hope you enjoyed it it was just a it was
a chilled night I didn't have any crazy
funds or anything it was just we were
going to get together for rhinos birth
they have a few drinks in the problem
that's just what we do didn't take out a
backer CAD so we didn't get intensely
like really really fun it was just a
chill night which is nice and I'm
actually awake at like 11:00 a.m. which
is great and my vlog is edited and gonna
be uploaded hopefully on time and what a
motivated god damn day so like I said
thanks for watching make sure the like
rate and subscribe I'll catch you
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog and there's always a tomboy Asda
