oh hello that just let you guys know I'm
running a Razer competition if you
wonder what the hell is a knife
competition screw to competition no a
Razer competition if you don't know
what's going on I'm giving away a pair
of what you guys told me in here
earphones I'm giving away some earphones
the Chancellor and I have to do is go to
the description of the video
click this link here to enter and it
will show you all the possible ways that
you can join this competition so you
want to wear some pretty thick razor
wireless headphone then end it now when
I check down this will really bad for
your neck yes I look like I got murdered
someone was ringing my doorbell I had a
nosebleed and as I went to go down to
the door the blood ran down my face they
looked like a vampire hologram start on
counter oh no ye fully charged GoPro
fully charged drone fully charge
controller that's how we roll I have the
right of claim is here GAO's it-dasu in
the back and how much try and work out
how a transport around my drone whilst
I'm riding because this is like a man
bag not a backpack
freak please I'm did yeah I don't like
this G cos bakery I'm calling you out
mate I've never had a Piper Brown
forever
I've ordered this but look out soggy
this pie is looking up but it's a
travesty a travesty to meat and potato
pies eyes there's bloody lips following
off never ever in your life ever order
to medium potato pie cuz your ass ha to
be in it with a fork you have to do it
from the packet G cos bakery I'm
disappointed in you is this them what is
this you giving them all electric bikes
you run one is on one girl oh cool other
is look at this this is your first squad
ride with us well make chance right now
squad ride squadron I can't from you
forgot your team Jersey I forgot my team
jersey and yeah I'll be like your gram
are you ready for it
nice helmet and that get y'all out from
a
my main goal on the back and the war
yeah the time you have to thank him for
the law are you pretty much sausage
thank you actually look like you're
biking all the time but oK we've got
questions but good good
hey where you doing oh wait and yes he
forgot zoom already I'm going to the
woods oh hell yeah making this
adventurous ride it's one talking about
oh my god it's a bird and a lot to
Seneca Oh memory lane go into school
memory veins go
oh shit kid cameras off okay Hill we
meet again please don't let me fall off
that would not be fun thank you very
much hi I conquered it the tilde bitch
oh my god I'm covered in a wheelie in
ditch day so that's crash number one -
Graham I no longer hold the idiocy crash
oh shit as well my little ducks have a
home alright so where we going now is
there's a trig right we're going doing
the trick I need to change these camera
angles your super bikes okay okay it's
pretty windy not too bad for I could try
and chase the drone too much of just
riding up a hill I want to throw
downhill sections in front itself get
this this drone rocking and a-rolling I
found them I found them
I'll burn your daddy I found you now get
on your bikes man I'll follow you guys I
think I think if he's Ryan doing till
you guys bike now what's he doing wait
Kyle give me the finger
hey here's to hoping that this track
them right I'm riding my bike like six
goddamn hours away from them and I've
got my bike set to haul them I hope it
doesn't questions the mountain which I
think it's about to do
Oh God we just don't do it
sure it has no idea that's ready thanks
Judy oh the side of it hang up I know
it's windy his balls will that he's so
sick
I think this way it freaks out watch it
might crash into the bush see how it's
not raising itself that's me having to
do that
I have to do that then otherwise it's
going to crash into the ground now my
problem is I'm all the way at the back I
think that's up there about 15 minutes
now but I know where they're going so
let's do this I really feel like
someone's watching me
here you weep Oh a jacket oh yeah oh
yeah fine is more sonic boom ah say
that's the way back
ah all right yeah again left on my own
not because they've abandoned me because
I tried to fire the drone to follow me
in this super open area nothing in the
way no high wind but you've got to carry
the controller so I'll put it in my bag
so you know I gotta track follow me says
it's follow me and then I go off riding
so now the drones go in a different
direction I'm like why the hell isn't
going in a different direction so I need
to work out what the hell's going on
because I just cannot get the drone to
successfully follow me in an open field
on a bike at speed I know and the bike
can only do like 22 miles per hour the
drone sauce built Friday so trip scared
everybody goes comes Kurt Angle where
disastrous don't know that here it is
they're done it's not like yeah
whoa looking out I'm Barry miasto on my
own tire fuck you know knock it Enzo on
it I know you saw wall it's gorgeous
oh wow I'll go play in it
waiting Papapa I think my dad's writing
slow to say be naturally bike as you can
see I have three bad left probably won't
get me all the way from Port me is
really so like really really so some
kind of rest amen
yeah
look at it there it would be brilliantly
gorgeous I love it
the ball there dictature ah look at
tranquil Oh
we believe in gray and gray and we
believe in oh just perfection sexy when
will I see you again oh fucking shit
that's um Steve death
target
wait for me papa for me a grave on
Superman you see I mean shit okay oh god
it's okay my daughter
yeah yeah we were like fuck you call
okay guys I have a question right there
wild chicken thank you why why is there
chicken
oh you know that a horse over there some
grass and trees I'll use a boat I'm
going have a look
boat whoa
what on earth are you doing here oh god
damn it
another style come here I'll just break
them down and let the sheep from bring
our doing there's a hole in the fence
watch out for my boy I'm all for taking
routes but Stan acted that's that's just
a homemade one right there oh here we go
we're actually going down memory lane
out way ah ah
going Cal let's see if you can make up
this one good Carl
good call I'm coming people I come back
over hey oh oh oh my gosh
he may be the best always you've got a
person in your back he might be the best
looking house I've ever seen in my life
but he'll you're breathing well heavy
okay not having the way of your eyeballs
now just save your life
okay oh my god I just want to feel your
lip but that's a weird lip
you guys are guided they'll call you
Derek and Sandra no andrewanderica yes
attention up again just a little lip to
do the lip look it's actually the most
magical road in the world I just saw
them amazing horses hi
okay what she's doing yeah no yes look
look not even a sorrow we need speed
when it asked you look at the wobbles
and three two one go
go all right flap I'm free I'm free
don't look now you get to try and be in
on a new world record Graham
are you ready again are you ready we got
to try and beat forty seven point five
miles per hour oh my thoughts us
together today all right moment of truth
he ready we did I look sick you to your
success economy because yeah
I'm gonna say we did not beat 47.5 we
only hit thirty forty three point five I
saw would you see at the shop ashamed by
gonna be at this time so it ass ride my
GoPro die so come film that then Cal are
you doing enjoying it good fun in it
might kilometers that's still up for
them by myself all right Ken good ride
good ride you're right true he you might
be like how the hell you've even tired
that's an electric bike on the last leg
of the ride I told everyone I rode by
them like turn up your batteries in the
bikes and for it and we did can one say
back superb and I'm just exhausted
ah bullshit man preciate you bringing
the optimum an absolute legend cynical
herpes herpes yes Debbie I still got
happy dried up now now so smoke free
Monica wait why are you going we usually
spend Thursday's together rather looking
together isn't it it's going to Google
drug I cry yeah Boise I see a fast car
that means one thing
yeah yeah what what why would you even
say that what you know what I want you
know welcome what do I want what do I
want you won't forget how many yeah my
friend
exactly
got fringe haha come around it for
dinner tomorrow and we're all loving
lasagna oh now that that looks pretty
good
trust me my dad's ordered the wrong food
I'm going to eat the wrong foods that
feels good
that vlog is edited uploading it is a
tempest six right now so before we might
yesterday I'm sorry about that boss
again blame drones and also this is a
friend of mine oh how about it does not
fit ha ha ha ha
what's this about what oh hell yeah
are you staying for food I'm starving
hey Kinnear can the Becky can the girl
he wants a Golden Slipper come out and
retain this lead fucking hurts the
midget
she was at my house hey where's if she
asks where it is if yes where it is keep
peeling just keep peeling
trust me it's ok it's the magician I
want to see at least 20 potato fields in
there yeah sure we miss Becky that was
not me that for the record that was all
him bought oh ok be nice one day and
just like that Tom McCallum encrypted
what the hell was that loud what the
hell was that linking I'm not sure what
that was about but just like that the
boys just ride away on the road oh well
thanks Tom again for the middle finger
little shit you're gonna paint didn't
get you drinks and a good oh shit what
happen is you know I loving your fee
what is that about
you stealing my phone sure I need that
for the vlog when people say why did you
blog late why have you got no budget you
know why I'm gonna say because it Tony
Smith Julian oh my name is Jodi Jodi
Jodi is my name I my name again
one sec Lydia we want to hear the rest
of the story first of all
what he did it on file cover
they once did nothing that's all I have
to say about that what's it brother good
it'll eat knit lead little piddly little
ed right tomorrow your Asha fight yes
I'm your chef I mean the boys I could
play and ask you how nice
then I are nice Venice what's a flash
honest can sell food interrogation nice
venom Japanese Chinese very nice African
polyhedra how wait what is polish nail
polish the Debbie nice very nice
shout out to get me the fried game bow
chika oh oh excuse me I had a phone call
the drone is in the garden it hit the
tree let's do an assess the damage
oh my god how's it doing oh that looks
like a propeller
oh wait that actually propeller holy
shit I'm a Pokemon always upside down oh
my god no
tall it's okay shut down oh the palawan
took a lot of damage
propeller 2 is fine but all propeller 4
oh shit tree what the fuck did you do oh
my god
drone you okay look so good a few
scratch marks a tree actually a view
scratch marks let's check it out is it
okay I'm gonna say I have no idea how
the hell I crashed that drama fat I
don't remember crashing I just woke up
this mind to my desk and like why the
hell is my drone in pieces the drawing
define the blades are cracked and more
crap smash destroyed whatever you want
to say but look like I have sped so
that's that's a good thing but yeah
honestly I just don't remember doing it
how is that well you know what if you
enjoyed this vlog with the brownie
brownie footage which I still don't
understand how some fans like the
recorded footage ends up looking really
really crap I need to work my head
around do we not get any better because
I download it and save it and just look
like potato so I'm sure what's going on
boy if you like the drone footage you
like and GoPro voice I know that swaggy
swaggy fuckin you know like we're in is
awesome it just lets me know about the
people watching this enjoy because it's
like over 200,000 people average like
two in 50,000 people every single day
yeah you you who watch this vlog so mad
my dream on YouTube would it to be
imagine getting every single person who
ever watched a video like if you liked
it they click like you know if they
didn't like it click this like it be
still awesome to see that sort of like
two hundred thousand hundred thousand
plus sort of a like dis Irish or
something but that just be amazing so
you know what if you have an account
click that button and subscribe if
you're new around here I'm brain farting
right now because I'm like just
realizing how long it's going to take me
to clogs and make it like this is like a
mini clip I never do clips in a vlog
long about a minute ah super weird time
and I raged was like ah end the clip and
I'm I ended the clip the moment I click
cancel the phone rang so the clip would
have ended anyway I'm gonna watching a
video about bonsai trees I don't know
why but I really like this guy is really
cool I'm like his videos if you ever
Warren just go and look at him first
video I've ever watched I don't want
he's like the person anything right but
it's got cool got gonna continuum a day
and tomorrow's vlog is gonna be awesome
we have a guest and I cannot wait to
share it with you so until tomorrow
thanks watching Isaiah under though it's
hot puddle good
