cat you're not allowed to eat seed I
suggest you set off the varying and away
from the things of the crime and a
peasant pigeon has been moved time to
decide whether or not the pigeon has
been fully eaten or it has been
decimated today is ah I actually said I
don't know how that pigeon died think I
may have worked out how the pigeon died
when I found the pigeon it was dead like
there and then you obviously got thrown
around and played with and that exploded
I think the reason it dad is because it
looks like it flew into the wall
mmm that's a pretty prime giveaway of
that's a pigeon splat okay bye Steve
guys say goodbye to the cat say goodbye
you know come on man I got by now by
terminal 3
we meet again stop for me is re going to
body I'm going to body we're going to
body photo your body
we're goin goin goin goin goin goin goin
goin goin goin goin goin to body or the
giant traveling with other people taking
familiar part of CVG 59 which is visit
Oh cow shit make nice thermate suit
shoes where's alison why she not wearing
one dotty yeah what a nice half-day I'm
thinking that our plane on that no and
obviously we're waiting for Alex don't
know what she's doing
ooh goo goo goo goo goo goo Carol what's
it like traveling with hours around the
world absolutely absolutely what Alex
what do you have to retaliate about life
she knows I'm organized and well prepped
and everything goes smooth and then she
please lipstick mascara nail polish in
her suitcases budget search something
like is your mouth
well I'm not for the record I did almost
no get on the plane because the guy was
in such a bad mood and the point where
is in such a bad mood that they had a
secure ego involved and he was like yes
and they apologized because the Cashen
of friends kicked me up
well the nervous I've never been on a
plane before my wife her touching the
outside a plane
whoa no since when did your skin becomes
lizard skin ball you want to get the
good and it's where I came the child I
can believe
oh look at that little smile Eliza come
on get on the plane five million
kemberly she's never flown before being
candid again the baby because I do think
how Nigeria
which Kalpana carry up sorry extended
our next stop very far the dhoti will
give out to evoke and have been on a
plane before of cuckoo cuckoo
Oh like forget the Rings when I call a
rock by the way if you'll notice when I
fall sometimes do when you pick up
Eugene come on
she just sits Ella up with a chin
sticking out of a cave over the nickname
code book who could be good oh I'm sorry
it's not of a girl that's like like I
was that baby to pieces the woman next
to me got a hot chocolate and put it on
my tray said check what that there and
right yeah sure I knew I should have
done it the baby please that can play a
smack hot chocolate Obama leg piping hot
like I said you can't just washing
myself down
you're upon chuckles Oh Malay called um
bye
I got one pair of jeans and one jockey
but with an upgraded to business class
so that's when there's the bloody
culprit sneak in a way after stirring a
hot chocolate on me little ninja and we
may be the yellow chalk was still onion
I'd be offering okay you prepare a holla
holla yeah yeah ratted it and then
mortgage call this is the efficiently
what Oh Joanne oh my god you can be the
light here the wall tenderloin
chancellor on the dizzy Wow thank Rico
HN delighted too many people to learn at
the end of dr. Patrick we all love
brilliant energy obviously neither up
nor down our brilliant Wow the
architecture here it's a beautiful so
beautiful
Oh mylar marinade Wow and that's this
place we've made it the partial finally
out the car but just look how nice
displaces we're going into here right
now this is like the formula you like
chilling cool you can see the Eiffel
Tower there and then this big thing with
a spike on the top of it
culture oh my gosh it's like super hell
event itself
Cheers
good job my friend oh you like you're in
the zone good five good people that I
would go to rave and on that here we go
we're going checking out the grid Qatar
Airways Paris III is this a cool hookup
for a random weekend away or not work as
I look at that this is surreal we're
supposed to be in Africa doing some
charity stuff it got pushed back to
September so you know what so Paris we
came oh this is so sick it bit oh my god
I never thought in my life I'd be
walking along this checking out the
column holy crap oh yes this is what I'm
talking about oh yeah yeah
turn up we've done for Jagger is back we
go back into vlogs so it's like turn up
again and guess what they're doing now
branding me with it's a - you know what
confidence you do not look comfortable
introducing my new tattoo he didn't work
out so well did a Christmas good fungus
okay holy things apart what is this
thing Oh hella nice holy crap she's a
beauty look at that thing that the I
paid to me my dad saw in Las Vegas but
this time in red now that is a camera
rig but that right there is my kind of
camera rig she said a wireless mic if I
was I got that why was microphone hooked
up to an iPhone with adapters charges
and everything that's incredible
et scaling up easy sailing up we're
going back to the white one side about
all these passes we're going back to
this the emotion lounge so you'll get a
glass of champagne and then prepare for
the day no one else's na is worried oh
my god oh my god oh my god look at that
look at that that's the robot car that's
the electric robot car holy shit I sick
I don't answer them and we return to the
emotion formula e club Alice where is
the Shawn Bob you know where it went
leadership a big baby co-founder one
baby killed flash on in all right I'm
gonna call you Mitch a minute yep sorry
David cruel side
Wow good for iCal you like my head this
is why I look you as a man thank you
very much cause you know I look from a
plate full of Parma ham yeah that's life
thank you for the Karl where are you
about the picture there on the walk the
pit this is the grid you said around
this is cool table accessed by this but
that is cool to have access like that
they make Jim Jim I wish they were here
goodness look at okay it does even know
this is it's like you just stay
electrically well not if you don't even
know but yeah I just randomly bump into
Jim oh by the way i vlog on my iPhone
I'm one of those guys right I'm like I
might have almost I'll vlogger you've
got the big one so yeah it makes me kind
of those professional I see Jim
understand I appreciate knows and they
do know the wait around all day with it
you can't take that into a course you
can't say that into Canadian and
especially can't take that into a
different kind of mechanical now that's
a big one insert excuse okay this is
what grid access is you know iPod grid
access because it's got gridlock which
you have got it in the bag
this is the first place vehicle right
here I believe
hashtag Billy whizz oh my god so much
both of these guys I know I sound super
biased because there is two people in
the jaggery team it's Mitch and Adam I
know I sound so bias makes you split up
the field so I'm gonna be like mitch is
gonna win it you did it to win it we're
gonna go say hello to Adam
he's down a little bit better economy it
look Oh a joke come on join ours like
fun oh there he goes
giggle we've got your family on a
Donny's ready to rock it's ready the way
robots get rougher at the track bar so
put in my boy
we fucking what you do calculus I'm
sorry
gotta love him you gotta love him we
predicted I'll believe it and look at
that they used to cool down the engine
this is a good-looking car
hold position Alex being an absolute
idiot getting in their faces all the
camera guys getting ready for this shit
four four four four Mitchell being let's
look at that David Cooper and the Eiffel
Tower arriving I act this just does not
sound real variate gather it that's rich
I got me all this time so with it sounds
like sky electric cars with electric
cars bought this sound mega weird
all of it is just not
second place is mad yes oh you're sweet
like honey my dick no ball
resumes oh I didn't hit seriously I'm
not too sure what happens bitch
37 are then to change cars and we ask we
change now the end of you 17 that I'm
like forever
yes yes through you came back to me a
lot of fun instead let's just say I need
you like sorry watch what the heck
happened to go from from the the car
change because when the battery runs out
that switch cars so the switch cars and
even so father husband oh so 11 not the
best for next time we'll get it hey yeah
it's the 11 fact as our minds and that
Gabby will do them always looking
forward 100 chips whatever you got what
have we got
yeah Oreo brownies yes please
I think they try create with them well
before good decision to me thank you sir
whoa whoa Jagger rating gangster on
Bluetooth speakers what what one of them
is Prince's wonderful unique
free gift online buy champagne and oh my
gosh greatest invention ever take a
picture there you go thank you very much
like Wow alcoholic cool this treasure
sir
but what I'm doing it's my biggest fun
Joey didn't drop them ready
alejandro this video of formula a and he
is still trying to label everything
yeah but i Andrew okay so I have the
turbine business David an absolute
amazing driver I am done if you're
watching this right now I'm sorry you
couldn't be here around ten per object
so if you want the hell okay the hi Ken
Soriano here I already came to for me
you can I thought you were we had a
great day what would I do is it service
hey okay now that you got you can go on
Torito I'm gonna jump inside okay thank
you very much like oh look at this I'm
sick is that guys David : is it absolute
legend
I'm gonna freak out oh I know this place
is magical look at this we got a car
waiting outside for us and I have to
walk to the hook cab and we good like to
show minimal food oh wait don't you of
the fact that we two days ago we were
like we're under you see we don't play
and now see we spot and now look at us
no one day later great boys we're
certainly in Paris walking down the
shore looking for hotel like nobody
knows the name of the host I don't know
the name of the hotel tea rooms on the
right all we know the name of the
restaurant and that's where we inside
and I can apparently relate but
apparently we got a ticket for a
nightclub tonight so this what it would
want this ticket two cents per I'm a
tourist robbed me please take it easy
for we took you back 12 hours ago we go
nowhere are you sure look at this little
bit
are we the right direction
what no this no way this is our driver
from the solid a Joe was a brother boy
here are you going it's a hotel this way
here oh we are here is it blood no hey
Jason I've been in Paris all the time I
still not seeing Lucas don't seem right
it's time to get you I'm getting like
trigger-happy what the heck is going on
so I'm immediately greeted with a big s
gladly welcome you tonight starting from
7:30 for some food oh hell yeah okay
let's take these off and then work out
what the heck what the heck is this
hotel room about I have like straight
trippin balls right now jugu thank you
very much for hooking this up I want
that watch this I know who this is but
your mate if you are great have you got
a better you're saying I'm not gonna be
don't know yet like that fat make you
think bro what the fault maybe the TV
hanging from the ceiling make of it
what do you talk know anything oh my god
wait ah yeah
me there's a bathtub right in love it
who's about show business
oh my car what is this what is this
you saying got my god you're me this
hotel room is little it leg leg cow what
is it
alright blood right
I don't know you tell me that I'll
really go to it you walk you back yeah
yeah the bad good night George's
muttering here I won't thing I was like
a fucking joke in this room is tiny
hello but it says you know oh that's a
bathroom
Wow holy shit me I was not expecting
this there's no way this room is so sick
what's this flick this one
oh it's like magic magic magic sex magic
magic magic all wake up this room is
completely transformed
oh uh okay okay so once again right Kyle
what happened
so in her complaint in the Rhian say you
know a drunken state she tried you try
to Barbara wobbling AOL we're on Angie
she went to draw the truth oh wait not
that coding you mean look to that going
well our clothes a movie so I'll do so
hard why do good and then well a match
with you short like that do has electric
a second within and then I casually
waddle they're going ours little like
this eat the bed and then I also want
Alice they go like this
not no time not not like that did it it
did it did it did it did it it lead it
what is also good this as a normal turn
this shit Alice broke poop she thought
it was a novel kosher like to pull it on
she pulled off a lot what helps you be
even with her idiot I can see him I can
see him then you go in you go ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
wait what the hey hey quit eat it it's
like a happy reunion I thought it harder
click on the game and that you are gay
I'm going down yah yah
good work are you offering he said Jan
you he said oh thank you it
yeah sure you all because what do you
say Nike you think 19 right what about
vote no listen Nike Nike my I come to
America a nice nice oh yeah there's some
pickles you got some ham you can see
some Tama Hama Hama G oh my god
beautiful
hey you're doing heroin oh oh you know
I'm really hearing her Jenni's like wait
what they're not really good drugs
they're getting tattooed oh did she fall
she ruined it right
oh yeah
wait half it missing today Jaggu ha ha
oh okay so I would like wow you got so
add up with your meal major look at the
size of your compared to mine all right
and you try and tell me size does not
matter it does matter
this is like I think eat fuck me it's a
deeper it's a deed but Sahaj it smells
amazing so you get a steak nice little
older we'll see a midget finally things
quickly wait it is - I said okay what
first I was like a five-year-old's
response that tastes like boom it and
its beauty all right we're about to win
it
thank you very much for taking PI by a
tattoo parlor it's perfect
naughty so much butter and every other
person you need to learn for me as I'm
playing you tried three times they fail
look look never man Alice is now owned
by Jaguar based on iPod
come on
oh my gosh
Alice that are you finishing style the
cafe finished it closed it's me it's
Alice it's tile and it is loop doing the
performance we discuss just discuss the
cap discuss its of sex
oh are we oh oh look you're so fine
you're so fine you know you're fine
hallo oh oh hey oh oh oh hey look
oh so fine the fuck is this umm we go
into a drug den I'm not sure what's
going on
look I don't know I said if we go sorry
oh you know it Tommy
I know all the right system I have to
make and you know this is going to avoid
bollocks you can give my sister you have
like I don't want to enough up but this
is my life no hope and it means tell me
my life is because I just can't walk up
the steps keep going
what was that deep breath persistent
resuscitation loosen up shine it
elegantly are many who Alice literally
just got resuscitated of the fucking
detective Oh Alice money oh you want to
punch in the face
I hate you so much right now as a sister
Alice stripped over money it hurt me no
Alice a very good night ah ha ha ha okay
so somehow I ended up with the
high-heeled shoes in my hands
Alice why why have you not got no shoes
on your feet
I said I'm off yet Cowell off his dick
are you hauling I thought you'd already
signed off really well in the cup with
regards to the vlog maybe not I film
every single day my life and they polish
decides to walk home with no shoes and I
have a feet I mean if I have a shoes I
film it
those it seemed like we were like why
would you oh that is so fucking cute cow
cow throw throw on the bonnet ha ha ha
look at that I tell you what that is
gold first no no I need that like
okay oh boy
focus all that's your room right there
oh yeah sighs your roof
don't abet or bed no all right thank you
don't break any code and didn't
recognize leave Ali I mean maybe I just
got the key somebody get some wife
oh oh car although you guys okay I love
you I'll see you tomorrow
hi
new dawn new day tremendous work now so
I hope you did enjoy the drunk
shenanigans I don't know our sisters I
think she's still dying from being an
idiot but he's a massive your faces a
bit of a spoiler for tomorrow's vlog
after gonna actually like rain subscribe
and you'll see this guy in it with you
I'm down to do it but you've got to do
Matt I'm sorry I was good oh wait I
thought it no I study OHS dude Oh
hollyrock are of your honor
