haha just cannot believe how night this
morning rules drone time that does look
pretty sick hello drone
okay bye drone up you go goodbye now get
this for a panning shot look at that
don't crash don't crashed on crystal and
crystal crash look at that as a perfect
as a perfect punch shot of the house
it's a drone come to me come to me drone
hello there don't crash I'm now looking
at the drone to try and fly it wait what
oh it's freaking out that was good in
front of it okay look a bit yeah
oh my God look how nice it is around
here she's so green and beautiful oh I
love it I absolutely love it
alright kalam drone really go to
Manchester I got to go out shopping
ain't nobody got time for this right
let's see if I can land it without
crushing it like I did last time now
wish me luck
and attempting to lungs please one yeah
well that was a successful flight time
to go get my ass down to Manchester I
actually bought this drone with no idea
that it would pick up the microphone
from my phone so when I'm fine it I can
literally like help people be
motovlogging or like a vlogging someone
that I can do drone vlogging so this
this honestly is the perfect match it
was listening enjoy turn that to like
the perfect cell for me I can travel
with this charge it on the go p--'s have
got shitloads batteries I can charge my
phone with the spare batteries as well
and I can vlog commentate on it as well
so I can't wait she's going random
adventures I just want to always leave
one in my car or something and just like
throw it up and like how to follow my
car because then I can leave the
controller like on my seat in my lap but
just there like that and cuz my phone
will be there I can just commentate to
it so be so sick for care reviews and
stuff I'm not too sure what's going on
collections collections collections
shavers well I've decided to trying a
bit of a new jacket today and definitely
don't think I'd ever wear this in my
life but Logan fall if you're watching
treat yourself brother I find how much
is owed over it's only 225 pounds for a
jumper with Benedict well I was like
that's actually not a bad jacket but
then I saw this holy look at that
for a bag
it's a shark I can't see a price
tag in whoever oh my lord if I ever saw
anyone rocking that on a night out this
is all guys by the way I would
definitely buy him a drink you found a
jacket that one it's in the bag I'll
show you when I get home and you better
not judge me because I like it okay I
did some damage and I'm still going so
good to say is the Thunder it is busy
all Manchester and this chef got
a name oh that better not be the cinema
on fire because that's what I'm intended
on going Hey next up of the day is to
visit my mom which I can't remember
which house she is I'm gonna go with
this one
Vinny before bar still not convinced
that someone passes on gave of the look
never called Saul Fox Hey
not like a sausage on the hook the next
20 days Oh my mom was in such a nice
house like socialism is little in the
middle of the countryside almost a nice
little garden beautiful all of it what
am i buying you a fridge that I offered
you for your last birthday tomorrow
oh this room feels ten times cozier than
my entire house good job dr. Darin is
now driving me to the shop so I think on
get some cold sore cream thanks you for
being a great guy mine so can get some
cold sore cream because like listen the
cold sores are just annoying in general
because if you get one in you fail I see
you kissed someone like a family member
or a girl or a guy well having kissed
them they had it then you basically get
it for life it's an infection any stage
with you the width of saying is it's
basically like a type of herpes and
everyone that's where everyone goes hey
you got herpes or whatever it's like
well that's great don't feel like saying
that out loud but it's exactly what it
is like like I said you can even get out
of here like your grandma oh you're
moving to LA now so I'm going to try and
get some cream on it in fact get rid of
it ASAP
seen this on a mom cook dinner I might
as well take a dessert so I'm getting
one of everything from mr.
I walked out of there with out the
corpse or cream and still ended up
spending 16 quit I don't quite know how
fun is that I don't like you guys can
sit I couldn't proper stings this is the
smoke in the in the air is from the fire
that was filming earlier if I was a
factory five eight I tweet your default
of it right and Manchester Evening News
said can we use your fault over are our
header of the article I course you can
shout the Manchester Evening News like
boys angles got it we've got the good
stuff we're gonna be all right no more
not normal face aids alright I quote it
safe I went I'm not just getting one I'm
getting two so right now all I have to
do is apply this and I'm wait apparently
eight to ten days one by when we come
before man didn't just bring you warm
desert of mr. Kipling's angel slices I
brought you mr. Kipling
the nice world a little since it no I
then brought yes Mr Kipling ate cherry
belt world's heart I then managed to
bring gig Mr Kipling ate french fancies
and then managed to bring you six baked
quail slices and then I managed to bring
myself notice I said myself some poor
Odie ye I hope that is by the
non-alcoholic one is that the
non-alcoholic version it's love no one
should ever have the freezer on the top
the freezer always goes on the bottom it
dot Darren was in your house freezer on
the bomb always no you said it asked me
right yeah free always look you don't
use the freezer why don't you put it on
the bond with us uh convene to go down
you leave a comment right now telling me
whether or not your freeze is on the
bottom or the top
don't sit on the side it's either top or
bottom on old French phrases yeah it was
always on the top yeah raise and less
awesome by always now you'll just
the crazy was always on the top always
sure I don't have little bit right I'm
asking you a question Cal and you need
to be a witness to this I need your
answer right I know you both live
together makes complete sense okay but
on a frigid freezer like that which one
goes on top feed me feed me baby
Mick Billy's gone cold give you
something what give you some some ham
and you will have some fun
half cold nobody's listening and keep
feeding me more I love how how you have
caught the son so badly
oh yeah yeah but somehow I was photos so
sick I love this I love this this one
again do that I missed these guys so
much I had such a fun day hanging out
with us hard
this was such a fun day and I complained
to my mom that there's not enough
pictures of me alike in the house I know
that sounds really selfish but trust me
Mom does that but look she poked me on
the wall because I forgive it was wait
it didn't get was that digger didn't it
ah I mean okay why do you look like
you've just got the shower in washer oh
I must attach them so and compare it to
it is this a house for mice cuz they're
midgets little Elsie tiny glass a bottle
please three can make my mind up love
yeah thanks Mako a girl truce what am I
let's take this kid that medium not
laughs hey that's what you get to be the
bestest your best child you're the least
favorite child bow-wow sorry um have you
seen what the lemon biscuits are doing
but you might be pregnant
so maybe somebody's watching could be a
doctor and find out whether you're
pregnant you start there's no tell me
he's imagining there are usually many
lemon biscuit is it what you're gonna
call it maybe it's a girl or a boy I
would sell it
Leona level know the math but naman
Lamott ala moana lemon like Lamont Ala
Moana island chef Ivan lemon island
lemon ha ha ha ha ha come on Phil got
the time for that out of the universe
who doesn't know whether or not you're
gonna say the puns back on are also I'll
finish prepping dinner watch my vlog
that's not all good my turn
aah
bye Michael oh I want you to come back
and watch better call Saul the next
episode but it's not available until May
I love Netflix but I don't like it when
it does it when you can't binge watch no
I'm not no I'm gonna go to bed and for
the rest of every vlog for the next few
days and I have to hide my lip because
this called saw again I want to say
getting worse but it's not it's in its
prime and then it's going to get better
from there on out but if anyone had any
tips for how to deal with Cole sauce
please tell me it's one of those things
you once you get it like I said you'd
like say it's from a glass or kissing
someone and someone I want to get called
so you can never get rid of it like
called saw it just lays dormant in your
system and just like flares up whenever
it feels like it I only know is to get
them after a night out where I've been
taking like shots of drinks because
like you take the shot and it's just
like a glass that may not have been
cleaned properly so the bacteria another
scientifica makes no sense but that's
just how it's always happened to me
after and I out something maybe like
worth because you kissed someone it's
like what didn't so I don't know why
so hopefully this episode engross your
guys out a lot I'm go to bed now and I
got a bad I mean I'm going to get out of
bed because this is the next morning I'm
filming this clip so thank you very much
for watching make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow at 6 7 for the next daily vlog
because right now I'm supposed to go
meeting up with coral and I was supposed
to be there 10 minutes ago
and it's going to take me 20 minutes to
get there so Carl if you're watching
this I'm sorry guys I gotta go
Oh
