and what exactly are you doing this
morning morning my morning yes you can
see my testicles from that so uh wait
what oh that's nearly a shot that caught
me off guard my dad brought me a package
what is inside no idea here itself I'm
lying I read the package you said
sledgehammer games what whoo whoo
sledgehammer games what did you send me
what are you oh hey Tom once the
country's poor you should insist you'll
be yours
awesome just glad this is Michael that's
a guy sticker yeah what's in it
hey cool hoodie ooh a such I'm a game 2d
no I played it click my's oh god what
anyone's a nice thanks guys I didn't
have to do that with that put my name on
it
how cute and then on the side no ah what
the hell
the hood comes up the logo I like how
its said fragile on the box and my dad
threw it from there up here thanks that
I can area I just can't see you you
inside the run oh you're on the Alishan
sorry I thought you're inside the van
when you read what are you doing here
what we're doing here
yeah back up oh cool see you Oh struggle
no clearly not
like how much money's worth a pizza rods
last night chicken wings and bones and
pizzas you know I'm off my granddad some
of this oh my god like a full pizza left
man I am hella hella what the hell it's
literally like a minefield look how much
pou there is what did it weigh that
roasted also whatever the hell happened
to my shoes last night I have no idea
for oh my god does he need cleaning
oh I don't know capias either already
broke one room ah well it started like
this I might rode in the wind and it was
all fine
amount of space shake up with and land
but then when my drone came to about
here let's go meet and hear that pop
speaking over there
name a bloke it looks pretty safe and
always actually the battery missing out
of it but looks on fire looks off I'm a
lot of fire looks are oh god I don't
even know how it did it didn't even hit
it hard
it literally just flew over here and
when coupons and that was it like I
would have thought the legs would have
got hit first I broke first but nope
instead it didn't it and no I can't just
push it in so not too sure what I'm
going to do about that if anyone at DJI
knows I can fix that like it was just a
piece I can I doesn't like and you could
I can just pop it off to be honest gonna
say if I could pop it off on put
replacement on a would do but no it
still works tough wise but yeah I missed
it Zuzu no you did good killed him done
yeah Bloody Marys why oh yeah no because
he could put on pants and rocky Nozomi
are you that man did you kill your
nothing oh I got so confused right then
I thought all these people will hold it
on the car because it's run them like
one ski take the hand off it wind it
like malcolm in the middle' to remember
that we can be friends no way I did not
know they opened a Breitling store here
yes they're just all so nice types of
weird-looking watch me run oh my god
this is so got a bar in the back I'm in
that the game store in the traffic
center and check this out this is a
screen with all the stations of PCs let
me go up there and check this out
they've got all these stations that you
can use and you can rent it out for the
full day for 20 quid that is a nice
avoid nice to meet you I'm putting your
the vlog you got this is so sick so sick
so I could for all day and you can now
use the cool spot and you kidding me
this sound glasses of wine to go for all
you better know there's something else
that we need to unbox now I'm hoping
this is what is as to why it has battery
cells and stuff like that make it like
it's going to explode at any given point
not too sure friday sisters mate and
leave with neighbor or in a safe place
thank God I was in the cast it to me and
it is from laser yeah also no no yeah I
like getting instead I because this
might be something not just for me but
for you guys as well and if it is what I
think it is then I'm going to be able to
say what I'm going to say next because
everyone always tease me do these
giveaways you know and we get really
just - no - pixel at random to do it
sort thing and say on those children's
again this part Rena I laugh but from
now on we're going to start using a
system called gleam gleam is like I've
used it before for other things but it's
a really easy way to be able to pick
winners for giveaways and stuff and it
really gives back to the people who are
a true support a fan because it's like
if you subscribed on YouTube then it
gives you an entry point in being able
to like win the giveaway if you follow
me on Twitter again entrepot to win so a
pilot would razor with green to do this
giveaway so if you could link down the
description you can like subscribe to me
subscribe to raise in my gaming channel
and that counts like three entries to
try and win what's inside this box so
you continue to say Tom what is actually
in this box now I've missed this
delivery like four times at my house
poor are you ready for this I'm not even
sure I think they're a kind about or
maybe not even out into the public so if
you guys want a chance to win one
to get that link in the description box
yes it is the Razer hammerhead Bluetooth
wireless headphones element do I use the
same word of Bluetooth from Wireless in
the same sentence I think I think we do
bought these are the hammerhead beating
the sake beat this is bTW on them and I
think I mean the Blues bought wireless
headphones oh they look so good right
it's getting selling take a look I'm
open by the way if you can guess what
films put in the background you get
bonus points for me as a person where
are you going what why you slowly
sliding away yeah yeah that's what I'm
talking about
yep okay absolutely perfect and the
reason why I like these ones because you
know the ones that I've been wearing
recently we go over the air so when I'm
mountain biking I've got my sunglasses
on and like my helmet on so it's always
like prepping this like plastic bar
around there you could say yeah it's
good see it holds them in but I don't
think I've ever had the problems of
earphones falling out in the past but
just just a personal thing I don't know
what kind of exercise you need to be
doing for that maybe like back flips and
 bought now we're a mountain biking
I got these on my glasses on I my helmet
on at the same time so for burns there
you go the wireless kit I also think
this here see this wood it's like a
magnet with rubber and you can open it
up and I think it so you can wrap them
together and then fold it up so it keeps
them nice and neatly I may be completely
trampled okay and it might be completely
wrong you know this actually is it said
it's a magnetic shirt clip at the same
time I think my idea of wrapping up is
actually a feasible idea it was very
that's why I read the instruction guys
and that's why I probably should read
the instructions might not crash my drum
book whatever now testing the microphone
on these devices you can hear me then
that's when I managed to connect them
successfully if not then I totally broke
them but to everyone over the past
couple weeks you've been like Tom what
other volumes through headphones you've
been using they've not been raised ones
and that's why I just simply not talked
about because I didn't want to wear them
I just had to wear them because the
iPhone 7 comes with the no headphone
jack so my radio headphones I had a time
would simply not work with them and I
was like booger you could say use that
lightning bolt adapter you know it's a
headphone jack but like everyone who
ever got that cable once when they
bought the phone I lost it but I was
told by Razer all I have to do is wait a
little while longer and they'll be
releasing these bad boys and then I
never have to use those old headphones
again and I can use
bye-bye and we're set and we're good and
I could travel in style and void and
never have to worry about not being able
to say I proudly wear Raisa headphones
for life and now basically yeah you guys
get the chance to win it as well so
don't get links down in the description
massive thank you to raise it to this as
well obviously you guys know I'm
sponsored by Ruiz and I give away little
 anyway but this time it's a very
organised giveaway if you follow me on
Instagram it's an entry fee for raised
on Instagram it's an entry form on
Twitter's and then tree falls and
YouTube is an entry so it's just like a
really really organized way of doing it
and I think this is probably the best
way to do it from now on
and don't worry if you already like but
wait what if I'm already following you I
think if it you tick the box it like
confirms it goes yep you're already
following and then act as an entry so
yeah take up on time no see boy when did
you get last amazing and she's asleep
right now George on Tia this is where
the boys are saving my life I'm so like
like just ruined from yesterday
shenanigans with Tom and see what Tommy
comes in here chris is it
and Chris is it right now so um pepper
chicken pieces sweet chicken corn soup
what chicken and sweet corn soup and
then egg fried rice yum yum yum yum
I had no idea that unfolded you can
actually rip out a drone wait show the
shadow again yeah no way this is sick
okay Falls the horizon isn't quality
isn't it how are you driving it was it
you know absolute someone driving my
eyes out ai do you know how Xbox
words don't mean there's other people in
the game and oh here we go
oh we got the F face Jaguar and type are
at the coop
pres I see our choice on there oh this
is the project 7 place don't you oh oh
you called it out that looks so nice
oh good job yeah blue like mine I won't
want oh I just don't I would
have said yeah become I would absolutely
accent I would actually have the project
seven because I like there like the back
end section that it's got you go on what
should I write Pokemon
3140 who are not bad but lovely
oh my forever won't say you want looking
out what sighs boy yeah gee I don't know
well I explained it like everyone else
who are you
you're wrecking your bed Pokemon go play
than LA just go enjoy it mmm no get
boring hmm so just I'll take over all
gyms oh hi Jim I lost water flow before
Oh late night cruise with the bleed and
you're gonna just drop me off at home
I'm so tired
all I want to do I just cannot believe
how nice is you know what this means
more drone flying I got to wrap up
today's vlog guys I hope you did enjoy
the video if you did make sure leave a
like rating subscribe I'll catch you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
daily vlog and don't forget if you do
want a chance to win some headphones
let's just click down below as simple as
that and if you want to share it with
anyone else like your friends your
family whoever to try and enter fall you
as well to increase your chances then
get doing it toes always
