by the hexa Foley what I meant to say
for the folks of Holi but uh okay yeah
sure
it is amazing journey I genuinely could
get to the UK no I could get used to the
UK being like this it's just gorgeous
it's just so damn nice but I'm awake I'm
ready to start my day at least you I'm
really running late today because if I
were to go to Pattaya court like I did
wake up of the Arts and I said then fall
back asleep I would grab it into my now
but nope
2:44 in the afternoon I need to go to
map please collect my drone charge the
drone get ready for a bike ride at 4
o'clock and so much to edit my blog by
them
your boy car did ring me and asked me if
I want to go bowling but I just don't
think I have the time to be able to do
it
Carl if you're watching this I'm sorry
man but I have things that I needed to
do my granddad also wait to go out for
dinner book obviously couldn't do that
because I'm not organized so moral the
stories get out of that early Assam you
idiot I just like not I have collected
myself a new drone this bad boy probably
comes with an in car charger so if I
open it pop legs
shit this is going to be a bit more
difficult to get into okay it's way too
hot in this car AC
onload blasts that shit around my car
immediately how do I do it I press that
it wasn't me go come on air oh my
bollocks right now that's not like I'm
in hurricane threat there it is
the Mavic pro DGI perfect the Mundell
protects the mondobot I now need this to
be my car tragic it is it was the sex
fly more combo holy crap this comes with
a lot of stuff in it why is that I need
a batteries one is this no no oh no
propeller folding propellers nice nice I
like it
battery charging hope I like it in car
charging kit I like it that's what I
need and I'm assuming this is one of the
batteries so yes it it's damn that is a
sleek and looking battery for the drone
so now I should only have to once that
put you there plug this in like so like
that and then put the other end in my
lighter hole we're for it like this
and then that should be charging
charging Oh
charging balinese all right so now I've
got these sleeves on the shade and we
should be good
I don't know how long it's going to take
to charge but there are no innocence
they might mean oh can you take a look
hmm
doesn't exactly say so I'm just going to
charge it and put a little bit juice in
it and when we get home it comes with a
big charge you help this so I should
just be able to slam like four batteries
on this in charge mile or so grad
success walk it over John Marvin Pro
check blades jet blaze check battery
check battery charging hook check and
then what's it lasting battery to power
bank adapter no idea but check all right
and then this might be the trouble case
so let's get this open let's get
everything charging and let's get
today's blog editor here we go
baboom oh my god that is so small haha
oh my lord that is tiny or the
controller looks good that plastic oh it
feels good as well feels like an actual
quality product oh hell yeah
charge it I believe yep I'll just pull
the power charger nice and I wanted this
maybe spread on a instruction and then
the next part of the charger I mean
coming in next part charge alright
welcome ah oh my god alright this is
just for my mind so I'm like oh this is
maybe to improve your boat room for
whatever but what this is is you night
safe you're using your phone to use your
phone is like the controller for actual
flying stuff well I've got three these
batteries now one comes with the drone
and then two extra spare one so that's
great that the package I got but what
you can do is this plugged in to a
battery but it has two USB slots on the
bottom so you can charge your phone
are you tablet with what you're using
how amazing is that
I don't know dick what a smart idea
I wonder how millions is this battery
got because this might actually be a
really really big lithium battery one
right so that says 3,800 that's not
actually that much well brilliant oh
I've got it plugged in and they're
charging this one no this one keeps deep
in like this I get detected
this one doesn't hunt you sure why if I
click it shows me how much carrots start
but doesn't work it's charging I wonder
if it has to charge all of them in like
succession really feels like a drone of
the future look at it a little like
condom it has onyx I come on now if you
get wha me am I supposed to take 2
seconds into reading the instructions it
shows me that it doesn't have it on so
I've taken off so up without the
concision alright then messing around
with us like mmm 30 minutes now and let
me go through the complicated issues of
trying to read a manual to actually set
one of these things off you know I read
this manual how to set it up there's
been enough old it every single step of
the way and it gets to the point where
it talks about connecting you controller
at your phone and on the drone all
together so get to this point and it's
like okay you know put it all in and I
put my phone and I might cool now on
preview strong you see this USB slot
here you would connect your iPhone my
apple cable you would connect this from
there to your phone and use it on the
app simple enough it's even got these
like little handles where you can plug
in the actual phone and it just fits in
perfectly I try and try and try it all
right why is this thing just not
connecting I don't get it after the
cable not working and reading this again
like 6 goddamn times and you're going to
YouTube and on YouTube it shows which
doesn't show in any example here
whatsoever I'll see it but if you look
here there's actually a hidden lighting
bolt port that you've got connect to so
lo and behold I then pulled that in and
I was like three connected it's or the
camera on my drone working always good
it then said it needed an update and
because I spent that long pissing about
trying to get this connected to this to
that that it needs to be at 50% to be
able to do an update so now I'm charging
it off by disconnecting this cable to
connect that cable to charge it to get
it working so gotta wait for this to get
to 50% before I can even try and fly it
and it supposed to be going on a ride a
14 minutes oh hey guys
like a fucking ninja and Raja I am I am
actually riding along there anything
yesterday's walk good soft as possible
because we need to go in 17 minutes I'm
still not inside uploading it though
hopefully I'll get it on time
ish this is brought you fuck holy shit
Oh
oh my god Tony you get it you are
I see what you mean come on back up to
do it no no wait
yeah nothing leave me again the hill
that had me off and check out some kids
front teeth oh my oh my G Bradley father
two people said it's not that C book
underselling same but it got it got yeah
it's got some depth to it true but at
the same time that big branch day is
what keeps grabbing people so should
really move it you going for gram gone
gram great wine gone gram
yeah scram bye gram vodka
yes can good door yes cool alright my
turn
hunger fucking crush it I tell you
see it is doable
all right let's have a look to this kids
teeth he smashed it smashed around about
here is a table thank you very much for
the ice cream appreciate it is a nice
look at all these guys you all just
turned up out of nowhere
bloody up I became thank you but where
it's done hey Ethan thank you very much
for asking Kim brought me with an ice
cream imagine how much bro use on the
block look at this just one of what you
just run on the turnabout I'm a trying
to get drunk than you guys turnover chip
legend thank you very much ashamed
version and use it over a ha ha ha
oh yes what oh it manually down the road
what a beast Becky I love you the person
you're an alcoholic so I have got you
thoughts that they're all for you
all right I'm trying to play snapshot
but all of a sudden Jack and great Jack
you're the guys grasses hi so you're
here to playing your free helmet yeah
which you're like four hours late but
I'd rather help me with it
so we all get but at least a brave
around him and Carly I'm doing three key
one I'm Athena file
he's single lady he's all yours
Don McCallum over there in the car Mme
oh that's going to vlog confessed in
1050 you send one barely can bet citizen
from the calendar
you didn't yeah I know you didn't do it
summit na na did he do it perfect you
soon come up with a line before you
write you did it here where are the best
friend who did it you fucking know we
did one who did ah you need that you
grow up God on me
Ivan up Tom save me where this looking
short good you just nearly flew into the
problem yeah we can see ya see ya
I do summer and I can tell you what
you're doing yeah we can see your screen
me freeze motherfucker and please please
just get it right please just get it
right 21 boneless for Tom and then 21
rings for me please please just get
right just get right please go
yeah somehow me and summer car on the
engine up in months
ended up in Manchester Aldo people I'm
pretty sure all the bars are closed
right now but it is what it is though
we're gonna try and go into place called
hula oh yeah
i4m these birds won't shut the fuck up
Alger Hiss walked up woody a lot was one
health and I also by the way Matthew
thank you very much for these screening
an absolute legend needed them this
morning so bad nonetheless thanks very
much what you guys make sure leave a
like rate and subscribe and I'll catch
you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. for the next
daily vlog as to how I got home I'm not
too sure I'm gonna work that out now but
it
