it looks like aliens are invading from
the outside it's that bright Wow
oh wow whoa well it's watching anyway
okay so today I'm deciding whether or
not I'm gonna go get the GoPro camera or
the DGI maverick everything inside me is
going for the DJI maverick prodrome
because everyone says this is the shit
however it's like a thousand dollars
which is which is great but I don't know
I just love my GoPros and the fact that
you can take the GoPro off the other
drone and then use it you know
separately is great look how small it is
so cute what cuteness isn't everything
because also I put a tweet out on the
Twitter's and check it all out or what
did Jessica say the product is only
available on pain collect option there's
a product is not physically in stock
god damn it Jessica you're just not
helpful I'm downloading the ecology
infinite loss I feel sick everyone's
telling me to play the civil often
shuffle whatever it is some we download
it and I'm going to give it a go I was a
really good swim session and this GoPro
has been great to me apart from the past
few days it's kind of like being a bit
weird and flickering I didn't think of
anything you see that that means what
somehow got in behind the waterproof
casing which don't get wrong I check
every time before I take it in water to
make sure all like the doors I said
let's just push open push and slide and
I've taken the other door off to let
water drain out because I don't like
that what I just seeped the hell out of
it so I'm trying to get the footage from
swimming off it but basically a my GoPro
leaked holy crap what a nice ah okay
beautiful you know anything I said Tom
where's sauce I did by my usual just
humble there spice things that we're
gonna go we're gonna go crazy from just
hum to just ham with smoky bacon crisps
on it not smoky breaking crisps in that
way what when a pay packet is there cash
inside
I don't fucking think so I've stuffed
that motherfucker up now all we got to
do is push it together and then you know
but the most favorite will curious thing
in the British history brush it down oh
look at that oh it's great can't wait to
eat them and put that there and then eat
the rest of my other one the way we'll
picnic I've just done this like mr. bean
style if you never not seen episode of
mr. bean at the park making supper
sandwich never list but and I am whoa
the Steve Holmes two new variants for
Steven audit one for my dad's house one
for my house so that's all good in the
hood
and they're actually doing this place up
so okay then I think it just relocated
mostly a the animals bought I'm excited
to see well people in Nam a poison dart
frogs you can only no no no no you can
get the hell out come on take a sec
little ginger Tate if you're turning
blue stuff phantasmal down for a guy oh
those sick I don't know if you're
poisonous so I'm just gonna let go away
from you but check this one yeah casaya
this one's black hello oh my god is
breathing so fast
oh shit my bell what are you doing
when you're all in here I got some
friends oh my gosh bloody hell your
expense a Blue Tongue skink or the Gulf
is your name Jennifer can Oh Mike oh
wait oh that is so weird
hello you are definitely just a snake
with legs that is hold it about oh
really
how big did again four more inches
bigger than that oh my god that is so
beautiful
oh just see the dragon only got three
arms Oh legs Oh almost someone please
come in games or what an adorable dragon
chickens donkey and I'm not trying to be
harsh they're anything but like he's got
three arms poor thing
what are these ones this one is possibly
going to be a leatherback sea air
different to the rest it's like we said
just a scale with lizard whoo
strange and then you got like did you
bring them with a picnic or something so
it a red one
hypo translucent look at that pop out of
that they're so beautiful they're so
small what the hell y'all doing
you're crazy remain well the hell is
this chameleon there's a cool hello
there oh oh my god that's like a horror
film he's just backing up then what's it
here where is it where is it where is it
a water dragon
oh she flew and then in here oh this a
lot
are you terrifying not to sell but
basilisk Oh nope and stop hopefully it
thrown into dock introducing my
brand-new receipt firm drone guy know it
super cool I've met him twice now and he
watches videos really nice guy but and
they didn't have the one I wanted in
stock I was going to get like I think
the normal and you had that in stock for
what they didn't have is one where it
comes up like three extra batteries a
carry bag a phone chat sorry phone
charging kit a cigarette charging kit so
I can like tragic while I'm on the go
driving should be perfect for me and you
can get it delivered for me tomorrow so
I'm just gonna wait a day
I don't need it tonight I'm going
mountain biking tomorrow so if I get it
in time before I go riding tomorrow
should be good also we missed you care
sigh every time I see chaos either
licensed by I always think to do much
love do you think this is a game do you
think this is a game
alright I'll be back you don't want to
make an enemy I'm already I'm already
gonna call you come on Don there's a
little bit here you feel off you go on
the road you're so dead to me
this is double-wall and by the way for
people asking when I'm going to get Carl
back I'm not saying anything because him
and my sister watch the blogs book are
you so fucked they on the shop we're
doing a this is a skeleton rack right
now to see how many tubes we can fit in
because at the store right now at the
other office right now we have like 130
at these boxes containing merchandise
and we need to be able to fit in 130 of
these boxes for merchandise so I like
Christians in Judy's wiring I would say
I could do it but uh no don't want to
kill my Thomas but I was intrigued this
house smells and looks like new there's
been around with cleaner she's a cock
imagined and the house is looking like
new look at it all clean no smudges when
you get older you'll realize it's the
most satisfying thing you're having a
clean house oh crap check this out you
click this now it's obviously so much
better all just mentioned you like got
all YouTube my channel creator you go
switch account that theme on yes
we look like when you're on a channel
Sigler oh whoa edit layout creator
studio oh this is sick all this is safe
if ik you should thank you so much for
doing this I'm the update on my GoPro is
the screen still got moisture behind it
but does it turn on I'm holding the
power button looking at the screen
holding the power button I'm looking at
the screen nope it's broke great I think
it was starting tomorrow I'm making a
full like shelf cabinet section where
all my cameras are fully charged ready
to go all SD cards and everything you
gave me like 10,000 batteries for gold
pros all that sort of shit because now
that GoPro was broken I did have a spare
one that I could use I didn't where it
was now I've just found it so that's a
lot of relief but I don't know if it's
charged because I'm pretty sure this is
an unofficial cable and didn't have such
as GoPro so tomorrow we are working on a
camera charging docking station
I remember the charges go program it's
about to fucking ah you're such a dick
right look at me a natural concern so no
no he has a flat side maybe I can help
or maybe I can convince Graham to do it
yes thank you for that he's a well
matched by the way I mean like a wine
gum right now that's what is it like a
loads full of sugar and energy so
excited for second energy to I'm not
Tony you ready so are you ready so let
other downloaded an app called Strava
which Graham uses which apparently all
the mountain bikers used to like tractor
riding by GPS and everything so I'm
gonna give this a go so short that yup
get me over this
alright I continued I'm sweet but this
will track the bride I've done and give
me a time and a place unreadable okay
I'm a trying to ride and use my GoPro
and I keep trying to use my phone using
the capture app to control it take
videos and stuff like that and I'm like
why is your not working
turns out the entire time I've been
connected to my dad's GoPro instead
because mine was switched off absolutely
my dad's camera from my phone
am i setting that now we should be good
to go and I'm all the way up the back on
my own get over break it up didn't look
to do it
it sucks all right yes I'm gonna lie
down out of the wind
Woody Allen never bit of day before hot
oh shit
what is this whoa how they're doing rock
climbing
so guys Wow oh that's pretty steep you
know people can try to rock climb
think of the rocks off the rocks off the
rocks
come on George it is that this is the
life for me yard oh look at it it's
beautiful good kids believe in you
come on Tony come on Graham can you
imagine it out your pocket
rub those dicks on that seat get those
testicles frisket come on was that like
good ami talk so damn young oh shit
yeah what you just look get up here hi
normally this poor Kingdom let's go boys
let's go I'm fucking Sophie
collateral
Oh a few dots despairing of none but I
got speed records via 41.3 if the winds
behind us know miles per hour yeah we
through it
this is where we got try and be 40 1.3
miles per hour boy and I've got straw on
in my pockets I'm thinking my ultimate
pain right thrown it is it all pedals oh
now mate this is it let's hope the wind
behind us
new high score bikes
45 miles per hour
I would agree to list either going to
Scotland sauna
y'all guys pretty much like Bart oh my
gosh I'm proper away from the wind right
now it's gorgeous
nothing behind me carries one Superman
styie we all right wherever let's go now
is the road called Jolin another very
steep road in my area we did 45 miles
per hour back then and you try and beat
45 miles per hour down this hill I think
it might be steeper so we might actually
do it but you look helmet check road
click check roadway at this car we are
oh all right Joel Lane 20 god
if I might again yeah okay yeah no it's
me another book now this is the Raja and
okay coming a common me writing fuck you
know what wo fuck your fucking legend
hello here we're yes you just a new high
school forty seven point five point
seven point five nah come on a Tony's
gone God
I've already brought one GoPro today
what was the question you just asked me
Barbara you're not recording buddy
bedroom Ricky only wait I don't I guess
there's only one way to find out wait
wait now you gonna come join us
alright I think he's letting you go okay
bye summer column last time a column why
are you not coming joining us tom move
it have you moved in yet come again them
oh shit well I'm stuck in the middle of
fucking Road stop it well I would think
vulgar foul look around
come on keep going where'd you park in
no-parking Oh II went bro is this you
work with what he's doing it all for
this summer come just so fast no all
right some jumper come just drop by or
do this critical majority sure isn't you
guys on date you there on a date on you
I could smell the aftershave just run
the licks outside the pub after I come
back from riders see someone's walk over
but looking back wearing t-shirt well
thank you very much mr. Foyle I'm gonna
show this to Alison if I ever see you
around we'll try and hook it with some
stuff and because you asked I'll throw
you in the vodkas largest cuz you're
like I said gingers well laughs but I
have to be nice so he said hey up Jack
hope your healing Cicely comes back no
teeth whatsoever and we have a present
do you come to grates on Friday and this
will be for you so Jack if you're
watching this the great Friday light
time is 5:30 for but yeah ich ich will
tweet you when we're here in sweet women
it
he's get free Hellmouth grim sign so the
video we watched last camera when the
kid fell off his bike and just like Bush
stood out through front teeth or Graham
because he got a lot of guns back in a
lot of swag he's gonna give him I kept
showing it alright helmet hey tell me as
always well you help me yeah kid a
lesson in life says me that half the
time I never wear my bought when I show
you is proof listen boy you're trippin
might be good but my bet no one's
Academy and not verify why are you
traveling to get your chips I've got
about 50 miles left on my bikes or 50
map are you going on the bike toward
alaria no I'm why do you think I'm going
to whittle it fossil reach if you're
going to plan your fucking business
okay so here we go oh this can be a
company here I'll give you totally cube
you Benson
I'll tell you once you tasted it I'll
know where you've been now you don't
know anything you know anything
Sam calm down on a knows that today I'll
know he's right it'll my to my ships are
from the village chipper their orders
I'm gonna get them exactly nine me I'm
gonna question that ran up commit to the
vlog
where's the best chippy local best grade
in shit right con all where what a song
named dollar all comes definitely how
far from him is gums
not last a little shit me today well ah
it's not about locality wrong help that
could be freezing cold by the time you
was not prepared to this competition
okay I am on the way there
I've ordered I rang the chippy it got
through them finally I have ordered the
food that I need
I'm hoping it's ready I don't have cash
and they don't have a CAD machine some
hoping hoping no tropic we're good I'm
hoping and praying that I find a cash
machine along the way otherwise he'll
theme for the fucking food all right I
mean it's my chippy of choice golden
Phoenix oh I don't I made it I made it
now I'm gonna win mate you have no idea
how fast that they'll be even with the
electric mower well I hope the overs
walk got read again you trippin Oh bro
Oh max you wanna cop action Mikey's
gonna win mah mahp in the circle okay I
got a better I got a special playing
card I got a special playing cat oh look
at that view oh hey random tech I'm
confiscating your chips hey come on stop
it you know you guys it wasn't too good
you know
not the point man we supposed to I would
I wouldn't like three miles away to go
and get fish chips craving curry yeah
Alice did and sorry cap but that's even
fucking half of this well I guess he
thinks is back involved because Ken just
turned up and brought its a raven
I've got video to reply to your video
come on what everybody video I will be
replaced with what my video of the very
shipping service quality yeah but you're
just don't like it it's not your review
you're keeping versus our chippy you can
tell you we realities Oh what is it Matt
Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt
it just drops the solid take it okay oh
my god visit we shut the food is being
presented David we shut the food is
being presented there you go thank you
Cal Cal victim ones all she's gonna I
don't know it isn't too crunchy filter
to go to who I know it's the best bit
watch it no idea what what hours what
does that all the main voice one person
I like then one okay my cigarettes only
really hot right okay and it'll say
those varies croupier you know we mapped
on those chips
my favorite McDonald shit to the song
you wanna start probably oh yeah come on
nah I'm gonna go for a third star chip
or display but that's a pretty soggy
chip Paul this little target for that's
a crispy yeah yeah of course it doesn't
know a crispy chip servicemen hmm and I
was a dream that you know I know I'm not
tasted so far coming for me on any of
them not something up solving it is none
of that the nephron I asked Laurie oh
yes is for your support right letting
your thought we don't
cops earlier so watch to as much speed
that you know what I like the crispness
of them but there's not a lot of flavor
to sabe there's all month right nobody
can reveal to the end you know that all
that I can tell what I go without is
already my thinking on a computer
oh do I go further all right with this
gravy taste test one I'm going for it
I'm tasting the gravy
I don't I know that like I know what
that going to be is that will famous
gravy okay
gravy gravy number two I'll go gravy
gravy number two Alice spilled my drink
up all that great is really good
just food runs no one final gravy well
that's pretty good you know I'm not so
gonna have to go for that one
this one just a sec the second one I
tried I just remember at that point I've
got a second right okay okay
you smell tasty they do no way stop it
what what oh good
why don't you just say you hear both no
same with your chest and we just go on
to try it on do you think anybody knows
which ones is no sir all right come on
by storm
that's what's your opinion on that one
so far if I go by you today oh are you
buy it oh he could become true you
better let the roof air but justice
Wow Oh does this manga why are you
fucking balls whatever dot oh well your
turn
Twiggy number one no good ice cream I'll
order some of that cream I really think
of those really I'll not be neither
obvious okay gravy number got 1k we go
we go because machine Oh jackknives
water it oh right okay a bit water but
even though you know who's this one it
is coming back
all right keep going guys long highway
just let me out clean Marlys clear left
three the first and last one just
because they are both really good time
no no luck hit one with one one that's a
bit sick two or three I might not
exactly get in it Oh Alice decide for it
Colin yeah come on which one did you
just taste I've got that's a bit thick
I was just tasting number one and what
was your reaction a bit thick okay
number two I'm gonna or number three for
gradient some people I'm gonna go I'm
gonna go number three should read it
oh yeah stop you're rushing though so
call chose three with the big College
was obviously I chose that I chose that
nice teeth I don't have the texture it's
too thick that's just got a weird taste
about it but stop yeah and this he does
look great huh she got reaction touch
effect again she doubled up in well no
well that was that's what I was going
high I like this one detection yep and
that one to play that okay okay
six-time James Fisher okay she's a cool
fish number one that's why we live in
with Dave well nice country public in
Japan for this dish number what a lot
right wait to me fish number one
phenomenal is just fish number two yeah
alright fish number one amazing yeah
Judy's brother palutena fish number one
really good fish number two law guys
walks back through it oh no that's
terrible
that's businesses this number two's
terrible waiting back way to battery
number one is internal you say mom tip
number one mmm smells well look after a
little bit
I got an accident looking like a ruling
judge how much to the bad teacher so
again the flavors very battery to rule
number one
hello I'm Jonathan getting a job history
of culinary of fucking sake we getting
up from this dream no God give me give
me a good face because I baked it off
come on then tell no no they need you
but I'm trying to be hiragana makes
ready oh you make tasty this page how
are you I want to move up the more
number 1 into that one so we both agreed
number 1 - yes we all right I wish you
turn fish number two problem yeah dish
number two models tomorrow oh oh
she actually what you've got to go very
fast okay Alice baby fish we're all
agreeing fish number water all right
pretty good night sorry I'll fuck you
now
Wow yeah where do I get to try dad wow
that just does not taste like rubbery
called shit nice break Thanks
so everybody's in agreement obviously we
don't do that one yeah so that's
included so this one has ever been
favourite yeah this with pink for yours
buddy that was common oh my god you're
the best singer fish graving what we end
up decided the best one was hot it was
in particular that was number table
number series yours
ah what are you said I said military our
village that I had said the columns one
with the texture of your so this is a
big one the chip right so so you want to
comes what comes with it yeah I one
gravy yeah I mean how was it it I went
to this one what this comes down um so
that's the winner fat carbs
best on Oh
I I thought it was really then all then
you actually wrote in sharpie on my
place Wow oh wow
good which ones up which ones that one
will they not please tell me there with
my chips
ah there's been a disruption
oh this is a Jay could you drop G cross
cotton G cross oh I guess my own jacket
you are done haha what do you want so
when it comes down to ordering the best
chippy dinner
it goes read it comes it comes fish my
gravy what Mario - Mario story all best
no vision tongs
punggil if you're a hit hi Dan you get
your dose of culture to be - of
computing
yeah Kong's wind / also Kong's is the
best shipping yeah how it go long visit
us should be over all right what I know
we're doing next Thursday told you next
Thursday we're comparing a composition
of views got the best song chicken
pieces oh my god marker there ah that
wind it just winds I know that's mine
cuz I'm the other person aborted it boy
can't catch it what is way another
really hahahaha oh that's what they in
literacy has my name on it I'm gonna
stick it to the cluttered a burrito stop
put it back now take it off take it off
take it off not the ones in the heart
that my heart you know that's my hat you
shit you shit ah where did you get that
heart where did you get that heart where
did you get me what awesome shit yo you
down listen to it
minions eyeliner that is a general
reaction
Hollister so trigger - why does he want
what do you want yeah
oh you want what okay go right all right
okay one sink there we are that's like
state of yours oh that was known as
Santos Padukone's I buy I need to thank
you guys for watching I hope you enjoyed
the vlog makes me like great subscribe
I'm sorry that the GoPro footage and
everything just kinky just a bit of a
stressful tech day as I even said in
yesterday's vlog the tech thing
continued today so I'm going up now for
the pull of another bike ride I can't
wait you guys want for the next daily
vlog hopefully it's a little bit better
because I've got a certain something
that I'm looking forward to playing with
if I can get it working nice but
nonetheless thank you very much for
watching tuning at 6 o'clock the next
day vlog click that ding dong bell so
you know you get notifications every
time you subscribe and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
