hey would you still love me about a
middle mouse not to de Paul or no Marty
- your face is my name's Tom I make
videos that film everything they realize
and put it on YouTube and for some
reason people watch it and how we doing
today Steve wow you're looking flat as a
pancake each inning I don't see any
cricket in there I'm assuming it has an
all good job good job with it
oh what'd I just say oh okay you're
gonna eat that one machine okay this one
that and then wait something we want all
right
you doing okay you seem fine incomplete
you make yourself a little Chili's but I
haven't yet
yes yab I remember you were hungry I
just don't think he knows that his food
bowls over there so what I might do is
put that rock over there and Google over
here I know you sauce up to set aside
two of that but it could be all right
but whoa this it just flipped the world
up a capital oh my god you are going for
it all right mate well you enjoy all
right hopefully your pasta to meet you
nice and salt for the day and this guy
is swimming in battles you better hurry
of an even I feel like this is the first
time I've been out the house about my
flippy floppies this thing done flippy
floppies what I'm about to go on a date
today guys so that's why I'm trying to
dress the pulse mat and look nice so I
hope you're excited to meet them like to
introduce you all to my date for the day
oh thank you I do make all the people
better know that our date existent one
thing and one thing only
I don't know what's going on here but
we're gonna play and oh forgot my mouse
I was gonna put like my camera down
there so I can get really good shot sort
of getting bold also I know I do a lot
of forward in my vlogs but please let me
know if you like it being in the vlog or
not I love it personally I think it's
great plus with Calvin in it like all
the family book just let me know what
you think breakfast is served
oh my gosh Starbucks look at a cheese
toastie but not cheese just in the
middle cheese on top of it
so good because I love you done this
time I can't read it
Adam is victim
I don't know injunctive Islam all over
God's saying same rules I'm talking to
you with a toasty all right you know
listener you know listen good and try
beating our meeting you using your car
rack first strike ten or five and five
five win the game Senate right let's see
we're going to get any first go mate you
got the strike we're absolutely whoo
close but no cigar
better no I got the stock better no I
got the strike we play the rules okay
that's how it goes first person's get a
strike winter five if you win the game
you get pennant win all of it in quit
what's happening good nervous going live
with a commentary from Carl explain what
happens give them distance in real life
today but Tom got a spare time
downstairs
all right count to make this happen but
if I get strike now unmade possibly
windy small numbers not maybe not not
going
I used to you a different red ball it
was a ten medium I was graded large
sense already gone big ball
Oh No
I know I get one we'll go I was I gonna
smoke cigars right oh no you can you can
either be one of well be me
you beat me already ha ha you've
actually beat me already yeah you've
smashed it you're on 103 great just
great
yeah well guess you got to strike though
guess you go to strike though only one
comes don't technically I'm a fiver oh
fuck what no game ha ha ok yeah hi this
is cows revealing phone yeah Tom owes me
money still pay up now thanks bitch what
you does your fucking phone I could buy
you three a time phone for the price of
one of me today alright I got spare
charges not strike good you have my punk
down that's the stuff already said this
will fit with an ex again and then
fucking go home but it ain't no no no
are you in on this
are you enough Nicolas I tell you
alright ah card game pretty fucking good
valtor's now my world izombie whenever
one more
Mellon fellow 700 the disappointment I
saw in you buddy it's okay you win
you're willing willing like actual
falling way to gentleman this now it's
get to
time push like what bad right
- giggle hmm
I need a six and eight people guys right
now
a great YouTube oh no no Bible stories 1
1 5 all right girl Oh out on that night
game yeah all right mate we spoke to
friends
come on Cal 140 gay make it happen Oh
strike no I didn't know he didn't cow
cow turkey time yeah yep
oh well yet which final straw you're
going to be 51 it's going to be your
second hi James yeah second-highest game
of all time
betting on striker oh nice power Oni Oh
Jennifer you know this is the next frame
143 that's my high score in it no mine
one three six six smart
yeah um town hey break him in a little
got the balls yeah he's got a board it
wants to make sure before we have a next
game that he goes on the board the
latest person scored 131 with ease come
on get up here Freddie
you know with a Buddha hellooo guy damn
it whoa wait what was mine one one five
well he goes second and you know I'm
gonna put my name on the next one all
right I'm in third place uh but we've
got a bowl again I think we got one more
game to come second you can do this okay
so how much money do I owe you now yeah
I ain't right quit yeah the game yeah to
block with hennifer strike played for
game
hey no more number Alex will fucking
don't cry don't cry don't cry
I get like I get strikes right away
don't cry I've got to try and be a ones
and 31b tiger
if you guessed right now they said next
person gets right when you're winning or
not
oh shit that no oh my god well I'll
strike again
don't say anything don't say the word
just do it did it was makeup yeah your
card will do it exactly four attempts
against
you can't give now I think you've
overtaken me now in Carl Carl Carl oh
all right I say enough pussy just fuckin
useless bugger strong me write anything
you could do active Eva data since night
study what are you doing stop doing this
to me I had him at the start of the game
oh my god not again
right right thank you try right
Thanks you're going on the board again
you going on the board does it have that
donkey cows got biasted
oh yeah you have to have you have to be
the last door it was for me get this get
this fair get this fair and you neither
be it what is it what is it all 153 get
to the board get to look mate he's at me
right off come on get the board oh come
on
153 153 you're a demon I had that game
in the Vigo girl and then I fucked it up
and you came back with him strike aah
Carl Carl I could actually put my name
there but I'm just not even gonna bother
unless I get a third place now I've
gotta get a food pleased to meet you won
more games like even if you spare strike
it now still one I think
I wish you all the best car I wish you
all the best Carl Carl Carl Carl 153 car
143 Freddie 131 Tom 123 and Tom woman 5
okay hey at least you can proudly walk
away knowing that you've got the best
spot in the house makes the best spot in
the house
my my my my rankings that we've taken a
day to go bowling
all damn day you're going to get Allison
mum a coffee your doable in fire games
and you beat me in three of them how
much money do I owe you weather update
in England still raining and it still
shit consider
more mothers here well we shut the door
I wish I wish you had sleep in Iran that
would have come fucking everywhere
taehwa odd yeah all right mom people got
their exams going on this week the GCSE
with us stop fingering giving from the
mitten home that's for the real time mom
would advise you upper kids or teenagers
people do no exam this week number one
yeah don't honey don't panic
- the hard register the question oh my
god in the in the order of the ones that
you know how to answer best yeah
welcome timings work out how much time
you spend on each real question and
Emily jumped up certificate pieces you
can be in also you want don't worry
about what I'll do it and don't spend
each I'm looking about seeing whether
others finish dollar what about if you
fall asleep in your English exam only
right through quality / still gotta be
gotta be in another job what not be what
falling asleep during an exam is too
perfect I was tying up all day playing
gotta get if I tell me I don't have no
very fair preparing to fail yeah move it
oh no no I'll tell you what I know right
I saw something on snapchat or something
on Facebook the other day you thinking
about it yes you can can't reach any
questions that are being asked on gjp
pillows protectors inaudible Manju do
know it mom I don't know it's not young
so I'm home bubble wrap to not want our
algebra why be so often do you use
algebra or fractions in your day-to-day
operations anything you don't where do
you not work for this job so Jesse he
have to give it practical applications
you just got to think the broke that's
very well when you're asking me how do
give me a t-shirt equals y over bed ha
ha ha now some big original come by this
part oh wait I think it's mobile on the
bottom side of it let's not film it dear
whoever sent me this box I'm opening it
open and then get it like down okay Tom
any time now available silica original
calm like the trauma Bay another
retailer guess what ok thank you to
mother 7 8 I don't think resistance not
might be inside them no no a touch to it
why didn't I I don't know to be all for
this first yeah do it
look it up some manly I would get
anything will give me all day response
of what you open it who ordered it I
only took one visit it it's a scrap
tough travel map trouble maka and I'll
scratch up where you go and then it's
like a yes give me a small version this
is personal don't think it's like as big
as a girl big is absolutely wicked Thank
You laughter that Italian if everybody
wait yeah it'll be a latter-day keep up
slightly this is no good excuses good
Alice what why don't you okay all right
day 65
get in the box all right first item Oh
YouTube subscribe would please come to
my game channel nearly ten billion or
about ten million and go back into ten
million million six taking it home okay
I'm up right next up we have the piece
of glass we have to get this to dad know
a by stylish Couture yeah sick turn it
on this is sick that Christmas sexy
dress dress
Oh what
next up Oh beach football white box you
can write on it this anyhow ok ok next
up is drinking tumble tower drinking
into meet on Macallan I thought already
to stop me genuine drinking version dr.
Thomas reblocking so making sure one
destruction to face done keep moving
second box to positive and they take a
shot all weekly say certain things will
be ball reset go again or everyone
drinks one digs the dough package what
is this here you are
that's for me Packers misfortunate
cookies account ended don't record these
day by but looky-looky bad look Brian
yes boy like random boxes stop is
looking very delicious crunchy I mean it
went to my birthday comes mine alright
next up next up wait what
the big that won't have a follow look
it's was a moat a to put it into the
fall oh yeah
smart technology for my birthday vanilla
don't do it all I've got sodas enough me
oh I really hope I don't find a note
saying line no don't open it to birthday
Jean 20 said cat zapper bottle of me oh
my god you open the ball and then shoots
the building this response with my red
energy no way is it actually what I
think it is yeah
this is better go what do you got a big
family finger oh this is yo this is the
speaker talk about boy so in chrome and
that's your cartridge that looks like
soap sick with this survival watch I'm
sure this is for wrong here who's a
viable Raj why the outdoors
yeah
Oh Donna Wow hey Tom - always good
magining shot yes but I'm assuming up
against a rock perfect son I have to see
this is off I'm gonna wait oh wait
dang Tom nice to see you all over the
way before you got chocolate with what
we got was a chocolate idea and it is
not permitted at buffets and you drink
your dog jake Smith shit yo Natsu shout
out to the gifts away Jalen the social
beautiful yeah shit nuts what Jake your
mother like I do have to give a
shout-out to get away so that was a
pretty good cut down your package dude
thank you so much it's a the war is for
you to add to Ron's question a lot watch
it thank you so much and the sex tape
could be used for a prank if it takes me
in time for me he's at st. Matthews I
need to get Cal back what a cake thank
you so much that looks like a my
godmothers cause does nephew friends you
got love this Scott never thank you
who's a really good family friend about
to take a bedroom with her that was like
the sickest unboxing you might look so
good yeah Jake you outdid yourself Mac
you aggression love you guys right I'll
see you
maybe tomorrow if you healthy comes
outside my physic stop breaking things
oh my what it is we ought to get well
one of the lovely were out there the
label actually because I always leave
the couple's awesome I have now found my
newest location to upload my blogs
because my end of my house is terrible
it's faster for me to sit outside on the
road just like this and upload my vlog
because I have like 20 of boat speed
here whereas my house have three so yep
yesterday's vlog was late but this is
what I did to try and get at one time so
there you go and also that magic sound I
got in the box
I've just been saturated mindless listen
to music just poking at my holes into
this she is so magical I'll show you
when I get home but I did so many knocks
I'm going absolutely balls at us Jesus
England your weather sucks not a fan of
this stop now someone's having me off it
or I've left my son with it in a shop I
need to go back and get it
what is it pressing journey I have to
travel five minutes back outdoors in
Macao put my shoes on because I left a
99 piece up that about it yes how much
Stephen and benefit in all that food if
I come down and it's crickets on your
face it can be hell to pay where you're
still the same please I promise you're
alert in the tent no that's pretty good
and you ate all the worms down good job
right you bastard you know I think we
need to get rid of some of this clutter
in this variant because this is new it's
nice but it's new but I think we should
keep this remove this because it's not
sitting on this anymore
and then block that table so I'm looking
get it fed and move these green fern now
because I think it's obstacles stopping
the boys even from being able to catch
your food but go on and then ring two
out and have a bit chill upstairs okay
because you this is your house now you
need to play around in it it's like
walking around with a parrot on your
shoulder that unfortunately doesn't talk
honestly if I could have three wishes
from a genius the first wish would be
wish for infinite wishes if you've ever
seen Tom's guards video it's amazing boy
if I had a genie
I'd probably wish that I could speak to
animals honestly that would be such a
valuable thing like if there was a shark
coming to attack you in the sea I'd be
like can you not be like go and do it
I'm like can you just not blow on won't
do its job if you could have three
wishes up a genie what to be listen mate
we've been sat a reading the YouTube
comments from yesterday's vlog for a
good like Alan our absolution
good God get motivated mate God do
summer it might actually going to uncle
cow analysis for dinner so I'm gonna put
you back in your bed are you going to
chart for the night no give you some
more foods at learning I'll see you on
alright teamwork play college exam is
all day yeah name of the days
Steve I was trying to a photo shoot with
you on the subscribe button but standing
on the back of the chair does not help
yeah spook how about that chair rotate
you didn't you all right right this is
the kitchen look that way you refuses to
have a look at the kitchen
that's the kitchen oh that's a big line
don't worry it's not really won't talk
yet this is me
you know there's your freedom over there
and then that's Batman versus Superman
okay and alright Batman so much bad but
Superman guys could cut me in half of
these guys trying to install the black
ops yeah your black ops 3 zombies DLC
that comes out tomorrow or if you're
watching this today make sure you're
watching the live streams because I'm
going to try and feel the live streaming
even though I've got nothing self yeah I
downloaded are working bought I somehow
have lost black ops 3 and I found it
sorry false alarm
my mentor seems like an empty cage okay
sweetness where resist to this every
PlayStation 4 PlayStation 4 ports play
with lens online wait you're not of a
free code or the chicken past driver
free season pass against assuming nope
do I not get anything for free to get
people there yo if you guys want a new
town download it oh wait
expires good six 1000 2017 hey if you
want it down if you want to download
this map then your choice if you're like
oh it started in recovery time you've
already got it no I didn't actually
I never recover any codes like that so
someone just beat you to it
sorry about that this is what we want
this is what we need let's preorder this
bitch
mmm there is a 2.5 gigabytes and update
to the game hoping assuming the DLC for
the actual map pack will download
straight after it so I'm gonna go ahead
and tell my screens off and hope they
finish a cool-ass pillow you know you've
got to go back to bed well not then you
got to go home God that was dead
yeah David don't make me grab you you
you're gonna go buy your own free will
come come on
oh you go come on come on don't go that
way you know where you're going come on
come on go on go on go on
thank you you know how I was talking
about the weather and how it affects my
shoe choice not today weather because
I'm rocking it out I'm off Larry Thomas
feel like um forgetting something from
the shop what was I supposed to get
Allison car requested milk ginger
biscuits are ginger beer so I got the
milk ginger biscuits and ginger beer but
I'm sure
something else I'm missing a coat for
one a coat would cut would be great
right now all right I'm going to Wallace
and cows but I don't trust whatever
going to coach me so I picked up some
pepper she competed for the road not
going to be on the road just picking up
to take on the road to them so Allison
Cal if you're wondering why I'm late for
food much so having dinner at their
house
you now know why I was bringing backup
got no hands-free got no hands-free
gonna hunt with wait what I got going on
it's locked
let me in let me in let me in the
password is Cal's the best glowing okay
no thank you
he's eating supplies I had to brought
himself chickpeas - oh I didn't eat yet
well I spoke I felt I was actually on
stage wanted to bring by a Chinese and
bring it but it was so far away that I
just felt on top she can be nice great
semester
I knew I forgot something forgot custard
creams what do you mean where I'm going
I'm gonna get you custard cream I'm
going getting you costed trip hey sure
you sure
Barton ginger biscuits but not as much
as custard cream oh that was this
what a baby yeah it's ringing I've let
me rub it on whatever they are goodbye I
got two portions because I won't want
myself in you guys to share oh my god
this looks good by the way never eaten
from here before so I don't know if I
could I don't want to think Nia Martin's
in hi mmm actually yeah yeah time to be
a connoisseur mmm good but not quite as
good as the one in red brick no never
Carol oh can you call yourself a woman
of the household when you make card
you'll that looks as pitch wet as Laura
yeah Nate colleagues what is that is it
no one makes you think well you're one
of those people who tries to make the
cordial last longer
you
is the right amount no that's what you
used it was like a special Brun oh my
they let me just pass where I was and
you joking me thank you me I don't know
how you survive in this outline I make
my own coffee which it also short it oh
it's sand hate Sun you'll love this Sun
this is the will that play with it I
grab a piece out you can mold it I'll
get other party oh you don't look at the
girl I hate sand
you actually did yeah okay I say that
wonderful girl
I am should get its water play agent
okay man tell here the cat squealing
early where is it yeah yeah but but
she's always crying
look yeah come on the old link hey dog
what I don't think a cat gonna
competence into this kit no I just think
highly unlikely
oh my god okay you're messed up man
you're messed up you know the rules
Louis back to wins charge of privileges
hand it over I've got one big house rule
your weight over your CD I don't think
they're always play about always always
in the house rule but if you've got the
lowest bunch of scented you get to use
charger I was just again oh you
justified your washer will you will redo
one point mmm correct
oh why bother you actually see so many
watching times under these guys with
more I know it's killing me
wait I rewind it just playing so without
it like in the moment I go does that no
a likely yes
you see I just got killed I no joke I'd
like to know about the extreme but wait
me they want whatever settle up so weird
okay Cena's no I'm stuffing over you
know what this means right no it doesn't
mean about the cat as a scarf what the
heck you do that's kind of company hello
cat what are you doing did you're gonna
read me a bedtime story cuz that's what
I'm waiting for you guys today yes
always he uses that to wipe your ass
with yeah
read me bedtime story
hallways dreamy bedtime story make what
up 30 seconds go there once was a cat in
a half my shoulder name was not named
was not in the cat huh
and once was a cat in a half then my
name was Matt he was very back I like
this story
Oh did Matt lose weight and get really
healthier like like become a king goner
and I oh come on what do you miss do
simply spent money yeah you guys are the
sole reason alex is it gonna be
MC one day everyone will look at the bug
him like what Jesus you want us to get
your hit for it yes about Monica from
prayer she won't be able to get that dip
through that doorway so is there
anything else to the story once was a
girl called Alice like lemon biscuit ah
this just arrived as good as last one
the one through the heart
what's with the man cause he's really
nothing you ha and he had a pet cat
called Pat did you like to play with a
bat and sit on a map please can someone
animate this shit yeah and he got like
big fat rap the big fur up my knees when
I rap rough little bigger runs a lot the
big fat rat call cold front because he
was a frog
then flap okay bye now Wow can't wait
just to sleep because this is that guy
called pop you just lie traps oh look at
my table oh wow sorry sorry I didn't pay
attention to this story completely okay
look at what times cog up for work
that's my life what five to ten all
right can ever goes wrong please and the
desk for one but I'm not drinking out
fucking fuck desperate sighs okay thanks
Alice can i cow can go away no that's it
in from the cat took me in from the cow
so I can get attacked by the cat don't
you eat what about the right who knows
Pat any spot do you spar okay no I don't
Alice I'm not like you I don't eat food
at midnight is like 'fuck sky Alice
Canales hi Tommy
good night Carl okay can I go can I do
what this a glass of water
it's a fucking raindrop collection from
a week would you see really separate all
in all that why you guys you're fucking
liar or Falls much the cat looks so oh
boy gonna go on the internet say nothing
that came out that tonight Alice can I
Carl good coral oh my god but cat looks
like it cementing God direct formal
I'll tell you what that was an eventful
II long day after now avoid what is that
about if you enjoy long voyage that
makes you leave a like rating subscribe
it is now actually three o'clock in the
afternoon because I got up at 7 then I
go up at 10 and I got to put one and
then edit in my vlog and now it's done
so I'm gonna get up start my day get
more
they go to the office see if that DLC is
downloaded and hopefully if you're
watching this right now I'd be
live-streaming on my gaming channel
youtube.com/ posar syndicate so if you
wanna watch some live streams you
playing some zombies then uh check it
out though we'll see how things go but
thanks for watching I'll see you guys
tomorrow for the next daily vlog at 6
p.m. and until then hope you guys faces
and/or sarios good luck with your exams
