day two have insomnia it's not raining
so that's a good stuff but I don't feel
hungover I'm hungry but I'm not hungover
I was wondering why it's so busy disney
on ice date to a pond that's going down
some get it in there there's apparently
the most ridiculous queue in the world
for the movie hmm would you look at that
Fraser showcasing their booths oh shit
oh my god watch it goes around the
corner if this blind goes all the way
around the corner hello thank you for
waiting the vlog is edited I'm gonna try
my best to get through everyone as fast
as possible okay I know the whelming
amount of you all right
oh my god all these people have been
waiting to have ageist City - yeah I
knew I knew him and knew I knew him nice
to shop make the most of it people if a
bomb drops and I need to survive and
ration food I'm gonna be able to survive
on on this you know how many of your
noodles I've got in my house I'm going
to start I'll put the booty in your mail
foodie injuries how's it going today are
you arguing
I was liable to show this guy double
security
Jacqueline Q of the day Tama girl Tomica
more totally buy a six-pack talk about
individually four fingers did go up for
individual user Wow Phil thanks for
sending me a card made that said
syndicate who it basically just insults
me every time what do you copy last time
I saw him
yep call me white girl
Phil you can politely go fuck yourself
men this is for you this is pizza and
this is his razor blade laptop and you
better know I'm gonna draw my name all
over it so it belongs to me now my like
Aaron 3d printed logo how long did that
take
oh my god nice don't play innocent man
check now he's made a syndicate Easter
Egg are you kidding me dude nice so
don't thank you very much Wow something
that I do here when I'm at the events is
when I see people wearing
limited-edition shirts like this easy
here I'll come up with a free poster
this one whether you like it or not for
me Carl I've been here all day and this
is about it is about there's a last
person in the second queue that we've
done so that's for you
not even a chance to film what they
Neil's been here all day what right what
do you think is crazy is not I it's been
six years yet like yes six seven years
I've seen Sydney's since it's a first
name and here and we went to our first
event and like nobody that no one turned
up to it like we didn't do meet in
Greece or anything like that it was just
so although he was popular then and we
had to get security for him and he had
to fight in the press room and it's
still the same it's mad this is the bit
I think this has been the busiest day
we've ever had at Seneca original boom
I've met so many people as saying this
now again one of me loads of you very
stressful trying to see everyone that
would like parents of people stressing
but you know and try my best I love you
all if I did miss you I'm so sorry hope
I'll meet you in the future but yeah it
was an amazing day
and I love this man I'm gonna love him I
really had not had the chance to know
the chance to look around the stands yet
so I'm really upset about that but I'm
not I'm not logged anything all day not
because that was doing anything I've
just no not because I was meeting funds
all day I just got the time to do
anything else over there meet people
this hub hub bus six now go into orbit
go ahead we're having pizza drug um I've
now been ditched with the posters really
know what's in him but I got carrying
box the hotel fruit is a reason so I did
I left the laptop on charge on charge
flicks on plugged in everything why did
it turn off when you take the fucking
card out it turns off not just the
lights but a plug sockets so never hate
when a vlogs live I hate it I spent all
morning editing that vlog to get on time
the battery died the vault a lot dog was
actually uploaded it would've been
uploaded and on time it's son of a bitch
I'm so mad and it's gonna take an hour
and 34 30 40 50 minutes to upload and
it's 7 o'clock at night not negotiable
long story short I spoke someone at the
front of desk was that are can we get
the box input on it here in the in the
like hall and to everyone else they were
like no there's no box Internet no but
today they've turned the box down here
and a private see inception just for
others so watch the box so can I
introduce you to this area is reserved
for tom cassell and we've got all these
chairs and tables to ourselves
watching the boxing with the bar right
by our side this is a pretty good
situation if I could say oh my god
tality you know we literally lock down
the entire bill that there's like no
sound because the speakers are playing
like radio music for the entire like
model so we can't change that however we
have this TV with the quietest music
coming out bought me the bar in there
but it's literally overflowing with
people you cannot get in the casino
stairs is crammed and then we're just a
like this fight just rip oh yeah oh my
god he's coming out with a
well this is Dallas he's down in his
granddad having a great time
what an absolute gangster oh shit is a
cool motherfucker we're still watching
the fight but apparently my dad can't
watch it where he is so alice is
currently faced timing my dad the fight
are you not entertained
everybody's so into this fire right now
apart from Molly thanks Molly
we're glad you came to the fire she well
loves there's no email attention
whatever but this this big this is
become a really good fighter path on
this music New Zealand guy loves to go
under and sniff AJ's armpit because he
thinks it's great
Oh step round it's getting dirty
roadhead books and shit yeah this is it
this is it
two minutes left to go of the 10th round
this is about to go off okay
I swear to God I believe in AJ and I
think he can make this happen we all
were even aged he's dead really still in
the phone
hey that's called piracy okay so stop
that right now
AJ stuff oh look at that it just
miraculously came loose once again haha
McMahon's taking on three million
dollars it's like safe I'll take it
if AJ knocks him out this round if I
were to put a bet on
I wouldn't want 250 grand but didn't
Cosmo mom said don't do it
I cannot believe one minute 40 on the
clock
AJ doesn't even need to knock him out
anything with it but if he does is a
legend AJ definitely took that I'm so
sad there wasn't and I would have lost
my money though just saying my bet ten
grand twelve round knockout with a lost
my money so hey AJ's won it and I kept
my money nice
regardless of anyone winning I'd like to
point out that my dad is still watching
the fight through my sister's mobile
phone here we go decision time
look at him what a cool what AJ for you
somehow see this for no reason at your
core busted okay yes sir
Antony Joshua Naxos better wait I want
to see these guys walking in the ground
onto the Joshua now owns 420 what do you
want to know I don't even know how would
feel about being want to know let alone
twenty one of them regardless I'm super
good I'm tired I'm going to the bedroom
I'm showering I'm getting ready no this
isn't real
no it's what are the chances honestly
this is the face of pure joy where are
you going right now I'm going to bed we
just got done I'm literally going up to
the casino to meet you right now I can't
believe I bumped it to Merc honestly the
whole reason why I was like oh that's
pretty good nice we could go near I was
gonna say I'm gonna get changed
going up to the casino and go meet up
with Mohammed really hey fucking want to
paint so I go to having a drink in the
casino with them I'm now gonna have a
drink at the casino with just me and Tim
so if there's anyone still awake up
there I'll see them maybe we'll bump
into Bowie I need to fix his hair and
just an FYI to everyone
never ever use style sexy hair control
maniac because that's why I put it today
that's why I look like a motherfucking
haier haier heart attack hope to say I
look smart and by far
a slimmer fitting t-shirt okay
yeah really something works on Tibet I
get he's got a job he's got to work I'm
sorry magical teleport to bed
haha that was a good transition wasn't
it well yep ended up going to consider
all that I was away till five I have
basically lost like dude you're 50 quit
but you know what add a nice now we boat
we play background all night and I am so
it was really really awesome to meet so
do you guys yesterday like really really
good so it's Sunday two more days left
to the event I've got one more day
tomorrow
quick months with Tom as per usual thank
you so much to every turn you've
traveled all from so many like different
destinations it's been incredible it is
truly so humbling to me so many of you
like I think that someone from Norway
yesterday not guys a beast but thank you
for taking your time out your day to
like watch these videos to watch my live
streams to watch my gaming videos and
more importantly like come out to an
event to come and say hi cuz at least I
can get to thank you for watching my
videos even if it was only once in your
lifetime so you are amazing people I
hope to make you happy by making content
and if I do then awesome in light every
day probably doesn't help that so none
of us guys thank you for watching I'm
gonna go back to sleep now for a couple
of minutes and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day of
luck so until then much love oh sorry
Sandhya
