that's a good thing
thank you for the service of driving be
mother appreciate you so it's a door
service and I like it that's what
troubles my boy it's only been a sweet
week since I've been able to collect it
it's time to get it however I'm supposed
to be waiting for someone in this room
there's no one there so I might just
have to buy this in the mean time I was
really hoping this was gonna be a pop in
pop out sort of thing but it's not so
when I get myself a drink - well I'm
talking about love it absolutely love it
I'm gonna need something to wake me up
simply because they had about two and a
half hours sleep we have a dinner date
with Lydia's aunty which means so -
pepper chicken don't my defender back
looking all nice we've got in the garage
today is that which is a project seven
which is there's only 250 of them in the
world the guy bought it for 130 grand
it's now for sale 450 so he's making
money on it and it's an f-type SVR or a
project 7 edition so you see that like a
scoop thing on the back that's what's on
it and it's got a wig dot on the side as
well not keen on the dark but oh my god
it's delicious supplied and fitted
induction hose to replace EML and limp
mode even to school what that means but
I've had it replaced hopefully should be
working and there we go defenders bug
moment I get my keys back from my
defender this is going on it I've
refused to put it on it until I get my
defender back finally absolute legend
for himself uh picker over here I've got
her back my baby is back all right I've
got a bike let's get a drive and let's
go get some salt and pepper chicken
she's looking good I'm just making sure
there's no like dents or scratches that
are unnecessarily been added onto it but
she's looking good she's looking good oh
god it's so nice to be out on my little
go-kart and into something beefier
let's go defender service but I thought
they would have cleaned the glitter off
my seat and most amazing ever
my bag of what's it's it's still here I
know they're not supposed to throw
anything away that's yours bought a bag
of wallets it's been there for two weeks
they'd only just set off and one nearly
 died panel as it drove away fell
down on me and blocked my leg from being
able to switch between
my coach to my break so like no joke
look I couldn't move my leg from my
clutch it's my break when it fell down
on me I was trying to put it open he
wouldn't sure I've looked at my light
and there's water dripping out of my
light which has never done that before
so I turn back round to Land Rover and
I'm hopefully gonna try and show him
this immediately so okay Sean
well drips aside she drives like a beast
she drives great the the noise isn't
there and you want it's gone they fixed
yeah I'm super happy with it I am good
about that drip and I don't know at the
time it might not have seemed it well I
was proper make it scary when that panel
fell on my leg so I was pressed down my
coach the panel felt it wouldn't let me
I couldn't I couldn't disc it they'd
like disengage in my clutch to move my
for so my foot was to talk down so I
couldn't accelerate to move out the way
for anything and I genuinely thought was
no questions are carrying front of me it
full-on pinned my legs
they apologized for and you know that's
all they could really do right
happens I guess but I'm scary man anyway
next stop fish and chip Chinese takeaway
Spring Garden also known as oh my god
parking and a half right there and keeps
it your star your absolute star thank
you so much and help that salt and
pepper chicken was so good by the way
you can tell how awkward it gets me
vlogging around the family not that they
don't get it they've seen you vlogging
in they're cool with it but it's just
like there's a room full of people and
was that like no no they're having their
own conversation but I want to vlog a
moment it's just that all could it be my
brother brother all I kind of go by and
look at me like what do you do it but
this is the luxury of coming to Lydia's
aunt is whole
I get to help myself to any drink on one
and you better know leave a comment
right now done Lana burdock or fizzy
them till you know wall I know I walk
down the line in burdock I'm gonna do it
doing it today's the day
fizzy don't imagine that owning my own
Chinese rest I want to want my own spot
I want people I what a spa a paintball
arena go care arena and a Chinese
restaurant
I'll take away that's all it's exploding
is that just bottled water the bed
looks like a new irad let's get Rocking
let's go is now officially on the
keychain II if it wasn't more obvious
who's the Land Rover Defender coulda
said Land Rover I've now got a defender
on it but I'm gonna have to spray-paint
his black I'll customize it myself or
something because that is not my
defender
look out halfway I'm like seriously
that's how much joy this defender brings
me like driving this vehicle is it it's
like carrying the British flag I know
it's weird but it's like carrying pride
on your shoulders and I am so proud to
drive that thing like it it's a
beast and the more and more driving I
love this one don't gamer I love this I
love it
but dude I love that defender the more
and more I'm thinking about that you
know that 7th you find a bursary when
they're released if you don't know what
I'm talking about I'll show you in a
second
this right here is the 400 brake
horsepower v8 7 yes
edition which I believe is a hundred and
fifty thousand pounds but they're only
making a hundred and fifty of them so
it's a very rare selection I think you
have to like send them a lot being like
hey I'd like to buy one and then they
have to like look into who you are if
they approve and then if you pass like
kind of the test then they'll let you do
it but as far as I'm aware for
transcripts through its like the
interior
I think it's automatic yeah look it's an
art mic it's got white a bit not
complete but bit of a modern - added to
it a lot of plastic you stuff like the
old defenders same old like small
steering wheel and Mike's like standard
like old-school - rather than on digital
imagine only one of these because I
truly think it could on this vehicle
could only do one thing and that is go
up in value now as a side tangent you
might be like wait a minute Tommy we
just saw you outside in daytime getting
out your cat yeah came in the house sat
down with Lydia
fell asleep is now 10 11 p.m. at night
and I decided to continue this clip 5
hours after Lydia also fell asleep but
woke Oh awesome ah
we don't take spice did you put that
chair there to look up there in case
he's in damning ramen
oh she woke up at like 10 o'clock and
she was like I want to go to Tesco to
see if like the re-enter Lisle that's
probably not what it's called
if the aisle has any damn ramen in it
whose like what you're taking away I've
just woke up to the point where I
thought Tyler couldn't even clench like
a fist oh ya know so I said no so she
went with a mom she went all the way to
Tesco she was gone for ages I was like
she must have got me she must be even at
Mom's that was something she came back
and she didn't get on them when did you
resort to well first of all what is it
called what is it what is it we should
throw a blackout that's nice is this
when you bought it but this is the first
one this is the first one it's coca
chicken okay if I really like it the
survey says
it's no good well at first it tastes
bland but then he tastes chickeny and
then they taste like straw after ask
what are you doing why you just sat
there you are sometimes I swear to god
you are a human reincarnated because
most the time the stuff you do just
doesn't make sense
this is always this is how is a this how
it is hmm I'm gonna stuff you and to all
your playback do you want to do it
yeah I did suggest it play runescape
because she's playing runescape
it's got four yeah but it's only got a
six point four and imbd I only watch I
only watched films at seven okay okay
listen I was very entertained I've heard
all the music before because my mom used
to listen to it when I was younger and
stuff like that
unskilled does is to everybody disco you
ever go to I'm gonna give it
entertainment value and over at a music
I'm gonna give it a 9 out of 10 I know
they're all some sort of a fun like the
way the story came to give up what the
story was really good so no no it said
blood
it's a good one to watch with your
girlfriend that's all I'm saying yeah I
was like loading runescape I was like
move to the side Lydia's Embarq is it
this is Lilly's character oh wait no no
no you didn't but you're running after
him you found him you found you found me
funny is an MP can teleport yeah are you
asking me what's going on
nice so you killed him let's see what
drops he dropped a red bead now the
professor from that point onward we
played runescape for about an hour
Lydia got herself to a whopping 15
woodcutting 17 fire-making she made
herself a first ever set of bronze
arrows she mind the oars she smelled in
them
she then Smith them into arrowheads and
flight if the arrows of salvation she
she's like a professional runescape
player now but she was playing at his
chaps I said she can see why the game is
so addictive because what she wants to
do is just keep killing enemies and then
get to a higher level so she can kill
him quicker so she's getting there she's
got that like
mindset of a gamer once keep playing and
playing a play and that's where the
addiction of video games come so I
always want to reach that next goal and
when you hit it then you're like oh god
now what it's a very weird thing to
compare it with life but nonetheless
we're transitioning Lydia from getting
to learn basic gaming on runescape that
I'm one thinking is putting her on to a
bit of Minecraft in my block whoa what
happens for now now for now you know
it's a lot of aiming it's a lot you know
picking your axe at certain direction
and I think that if you play Minecraft
together like on a server I like our
Xbox together something
it'll be a really good way to give her a
sense of again sense a direction
sense of wherever she looks she'll here
be able to fight like combat with other
people and stuff like that bow and arrow
so she can like get used to like range
and drop off and stuff and eventually
we'll get Liddy to be the most talented
gamer out there may take me like six
years but we'll still try and achieve it
but nonetheless guys I have to go now so
yeah the grind continued I was dead
proud last night honestly she was
getting really tired but she really
really got into playing runescape last
night and it was really fun to watch
because she was like oh
killing things and killing things and
kill things and I was like the addiction
begins my go this is me currently
editing today's vlog this is the program
I use it's called Sony Vegas edit them
together and while stop editing all
together
you better know I can still play
runescape on a side but with this all
set lazy gentle money for now add these
clips into video get it edit get
uploaded and if you did notice yes
yesterday's vlog was on time I said I
want you to bombard it with dislikes if
it was late and it wasn't late I managed
to make it six o'clock on the dot hell
god damn yeah
so yeah you know when you stick your
mind to something guys it's taking my to
it when you put your mind to something
you can complete it and look at this wow
wow guys thank you very much watching
make sure you leave a like coin like I
said Tuesday me and Lydia should be
going on an adventure so you'll see the
actual to Tuesday adventure beginning on
Wednesday and yeah bit of trouble ins
gonna be going down so much look at your
faces leave a like rating subscribe did
don't know of case you Belle leave a
comment saying something about potatoes
and comparing it with jack-o'-lanterns I
have no idea what you can do with that
but get crave and I'll see you guys
tomorrow 60 of the next EDS look is that
he cost
