I'm okay
I slept in my mum's house the first-ever
time since I was like a little kid and
you know what it was a great night's
sleep except the fucking blogs are so
bright and I woke up to a lovely cup of
pee that's person freezing because she
gave it me six hours ago I've been in
bed
back in Nam day 15 I'm stuck in the
middle of nowhere I look like a potato
this guy's reversing his BMW or to help
tell a camper
mum is such a nice area apart from the
fact that I'm living on barbed wire
another really hurts
day 12 I'm still walking no water or
food in sight let's hope this house on
refuge Ronnie times again desperate
I'm inevitably gonna have to drink my
own piss I've made it but a prison for
caught
so shit hope I wasn't attacking the cat
best present ever
that's the first time I've probably ever
on camera got you crying a lot crying
meow and you want food don't you
do you like some food no we're speaking
to each other you want food yeah what
kind of food good food about three that
was just a penny one oh that's a stretch
does it keep you get hello Kate right
okay cute I can't feed you you're
nothing like that pink but oh the cat
went why i la I washed and changed by
showering my hair not my buddy so I
haven't I've just pushed my hair
all right wash my hair why you look at
me like I don't wash on my head on your
head but you still are last night body
swelling inside you found on houses and
you got your Hobbit flour I got ya okay
stay there
you now have a sheet on your on your
chair ah completely forgot there's my
bucks a pop pop that titles like yeah I
wasn't too sure where I was going that
either
I'll do the butterfly above your head
that's so cute I don't my box of pop
vinyls from the show that I need to put
on my shelves that I'd need to do it why
it's so heavy I'm gone
thank you man I'm so glad I'm feeling
better than I did this morning I woke up
in my mom's house and it with that
bright and I was that hungover that I
was like I'm dying on the inside but now
it's sunny I'm about to go get me in
color lucky he's paying for bowling and
you better know I'm in my flavour
promise to come back to my face not sure
what time it actually is but I know what
time it is
bowling couch whose ched Evans do I have
to get her to google it oh please
it's an any ball any size
my move as well win okay cool cool cool
right so same rules first strike fiver
you win the game Tanner you're on like
knockout all you gotta do is beat 163
you saying
stavos the cheese on ham toast these are
amazing
Hey second down out at that said you're
gonna get strike
yeah the legend little thing is not even
side Gordon this actually may work in
your favor I got a big disadvantage but
you're not made that middle of it corpse
come on no no I believe in you come on
it's better have my money
oh what'd I just do what I just using
when they gave up image you know that
true got myself a try
what you guys tri-county well except
that's the way that spot having muhfucka
oh I was peeking some funds that he
realized what was going on behind me
we're on the last frame and I'll go
strike
that means he's beating me right now Oh
what's your final score gonna be 109 see
I need to get I need to get that fair or
strike shut down portables boom
nothing so far
oh stop it you hold it
that's not what you want
what are those are awful I know I go to
stay with not good or an evidence don't
put it in the good of town Oh No
let's not realization that just paint in
filling it doing it
what does a spare car guy and I already
put on them after turning it but then it
goes up I was gonna give you that one
don't you know because you only wait hey
Freddie hurt my cousin cakey flavor the
other brother loved it so much bread as
long as a bonus you'll be safe
all right great Karl's officially warmed
up
you just got to strike from the first
ball on the next game great no oh no oh
no stop it whatever it is you're doing
stop it stop it Carl you don't you on
track you better yet me what you want
about strikes Barry what little it gamer
boy I have to buy and I keep it close
you down yeah we you feel overdressed oh
god where's football it's all genes on
summary Oh Graham tear your eyes with me
I'm going I just want this all right I
don't work okay we'll get through this
pretty quick also Kyle is on fire
so I am going to it's all on the team
we're going to see if you can make it
we've got you take oh oh right right
right right right
my god calm you can the system yeah if
you if you get the strike now I'm gonna
be pissed
and if it's trying catch oh hey you took
sick dude out
now flippy-floppy dude got so close
watch watch watch
obviously cala beat me but he fucked up
but then I got strike six eight set
right now that's a really good game
between me encounter I spell your name
like car with all the AIDS like Kenny's
and then the score is 144 and Kyle's
going on the top boys I'm not yeah a
proud of yourself you will ever get
bored you're not good oh don't damn
Master shout out to Hollywood Bowl these
guys in their absolutely incredible we
go all the time but we were playing so
much then and Graham turned up like that
to give the free game so thanks and
again every time I go there I bump in
just so many of you guys so many of you
guys so once again very nice we go Oh
Graham you're too fine you're so fine
you're so fine you're so fine it seems
you have to adore oh yeah oh it's
pitarrio god nice wait you have to have
that there just in case you forget let's
go get ready for it
wait where the hell is that very bit I
popped out oh not quite sure how I feel
about doing this with flip-flops on but
you know what I'll take it
I'm gonna put my phone away now so I can
get some speed but I actually really
like row bikes just can go faster foot
Bri yeah
you guys
you look at all the ladies yeah
something like that
thank you like that will the toes now
not stop following me no topic you to
push it away yeah ha ha ha ha
how much do I owe you a sweaty phone
quick jacket from the window oh ha ha
hey dude yo that's a true he got a primo
dance always paid him 20 quid
thanks man anytime I next time you come
gram you get to enter so then first
strike 15 quid yeah fuck that she later
hi so wha hey see more faster hey hey it
is 16 16 by Graham Santa head Roman and
having dinner at my grandma's house
another nice day in England month so
right I'm here and I actually know what
there's one place I wish I could be
right now it would definitely be Canada
Lords my home is roping kind of doing
cool shit with the Jeff photographer
Jeff and I'm going Jeff Lombardo so I
want to see him also on my dad's car
head that means even my dad in my house
work know is in my pool so let's find
out I think he's in the school because
from what I can see there who knows fuck
it's much more fun not a girl pool cover
them back could he be hello giant murder
of me anyway let's find out with Kenneth
the hell we can do in here oh hell yeah
I know what this is
hey man sees home not actually home but
Steve's home homey Budi le games what
again isn't it oh hell yeah hell yeah
let's give you some planet service tats
and weaves and still you son for him by
the way every says sound phat um this
this stuff is good to baby dragon soap
don't worry
don't panic yeah okay we need all the
gear and all the idea veggies are nice
and tidy fresh better than Allah that's
Bev lot of cleaners coming made it all
look stick and fun and this is what
happens when you keep some letters on
your forehead for too long banging nice
I've got such a good opportunity to get
my dad don't make any noise and now I
could do it now
oh one big ball this is gonna let this
is really heavy with one hand
oh my god I hope our self is under at
the same time
that was the perfect fall it hardly got
your phone and cuts of hot daddy
hahahaha well okay then I was it wasn't
kind of expecting to see this the next
minute but sure
ah god I'm such a bad person okay you
kill that suitcase now and go to my
granddad for dinner your bike I'm
currently breaking the number one rule
in existence of fashion never ever enter
me wear socks and sandals I don't care
looking people
where's Michael um be told you and what
I can't be and you didn't cook this Alex
did no yeah yes you did didn't you
look at this mess seriously that's good
good job on your first day I've been in
26 name did you sauce yeah yeah that's
our soup it's count outside that's where
I'm going is way too hot cool
hey cool bathe in it is this your body
liar I love my granddad and yet eerie
turf the garden himself what
yeah no shit growing room that's right
put it there
oh my god Oh I think I need to do snow
see Donald or gross together wanna see
how is he doing this patch though I can
understand him doing it in squares but
then there's a diamond formation you got
that is it under there fish like the
yours I've got four more there for
Walter but you know that's alcohol-free
bit right you're not drunk right now
this is a
analysis attempt at little dumplings and
stews I only do my grandma used to make
me this as a kid and it made me cry it
was that good not judging your granddad
thank you babe that's a really good
Alice thank you for your assistance with
the don't pointless Janeiro's it
fantastic me or mine - chin chin chin
chin chin which may as well eat it well
if you don't eat you don't have any
sweet
yeah no pudding no put in if you don't
hit listen is like Mars William are you
Jordan I mean okay look at baggage oh
yeah wondering if you don't open that
door I'm gonna push you off your chest
got windows open up why are you refusing
to open the door
there's no rank Jack a jackal I made a
compromise though he let me open the two
windows over here as I was talking about
Alice at a foot mouth for a drink and
decided middle in you kinda did you see
it did you see I wish I would do you
testify against Alice spit in my face
yeah Gordon the grasp span all he's a
rat right smell a rat
I mean bull the game we're playing is to
trade one life you got jagged cool
legend all the names of caramel with it
yeah exactly exactly
again no idea oh no idea
Chara whoa because if you find I'm the
rat yeah why'd you leave the breakout
two lies one truth go okay i watch every
single daily vlog
I mean s and I I hung up that clock
really event electric all Emily I pay
rise I'm no in fact I'm watching from an
earlier flourish am I booked in for my
learning operation next week Mr are you
are am i which is which is the truth
yeah you hung like lock up normal sister
lyrically jolted with the clock golden
my granddad it was a good effort
it needs more gravy and corned beef and
because of that you're only getting a
seven-foot alright yeah practice makes
perfect
I need a bigger fun it was tasted really
tasty but it needs more juice juice
uncommon hey it will follow juice and
then when she pull that dog wasn't it
dragging John off you're trying to blame
Alice so I need to get a bigger star
bias gosh only 60 times quiz I'll buy
you one oh yeah yeah stop got you 55
feet bad face and shit the beverage town
from gallows I'm gonna get you one then
yes granddad lag Joe I come yeah should
we see if Oakley I'll send you some yeah
what called you on calcium yours oh yeah
you wear many you jag you may go through
this shit you look like Jessica in the
old clothes they're gonna do look like
mr. Anderson from the matrix mr.
Anderson Noba Smith sorry
welcome to the Nebuchadnezzar grandad
get ready for liftoff you ready
ah make some noise ah
my granddad swears by this
Tanya what the weather's going to be you
tap it and it goes in the direction of
what it's going to be so says tomorrow
it's gonna be full said rain okay
compensate precision Barama okay and
this is what the weather looks like
right now I'm going to be impressed if
this rain mark my words tomorrow someone
remind me if it rains that my granddad's
weather telling Clark is wizardry not
going well thank you again I thank you
very much for take it's a seven but it's
a high seven it was very tasty baby
gravy gravy and Tom beef corned beef I'm
telling you I Cal you know lovey Dukan
got some bowling today okay but also
time to fill up the day so she's ready
for tomorrow I'm gonna let you take a
guess as to how much it is gonna be in
total I'm thinking 39 pounds 60 P that's
a pretty good guess I think um is there
a reason it isn't work it is that a sigh
on Windows 10 to be back in three
minutes or something ah that was a sign
saying to be back in three minutes
right that's what again okay how does it
work yeah there we go
I was wrong Jesus way up all right
forty-two pounds seventeen
what the thing is just drinking here ODL
nearly fifty quid
they can finish no okay
these the varium isn't quite finished
yet but soon he'll have a brand new home
and forever lasting where he's going to
live not much once the Sun let's turn
that off wasting energy he's actually
going to live here under my stairs but
it might be a bit of a tight fit so we
might have to do is just put them what
an own stone also means is that if you'd
be living down here when I throw pies
and stuff I'm gonna have to get
installed on his Bavaria walk just so
I'm having a party not everyone going
just do blog and get him out and giving
him shots and shit doesn't then go on to
drunk a bearded dragon in my hands
I don't really know what to expect about
that but I'm tired I'm very sad a long
day of mountain biking we can not Tony
he did join us but with a special guest
and Graham Graham is no longer our
special guest and kind of lost that
privilege right now but and yeah this
blog was like I'm sorry about that sure
it would have been on time but they mess
around with a drone mountain-biking
trying to get to work and don't get your
hopes up I tried but it's just a bag of
shit the only way I could summarize it
really basking in the Sun like feed the
bearded dragons and I'm chewing on this
seat right here eating some food going
to be with Kenneth and Tony you know
what actually I hope you guys have a
very nice
chill out say hello to your family tell
them I love them I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next 8
o'clock until then I hope you enjoyed
this vlog and usual as always
