we're having a slow start today for
added engine sound effects to make it
seem faster here my bad boy in the
background
she's a warming up she's a warming up
come on
you can you oh wait he's already the one
day I turn up at syndicate original and
don't scare Alice I walk in just like
side she stood at Sarah and screamed at
a full volume I don't say my chest hurts
maybe we had a busy day today really
busy day I could see all these blue
things everywhere most committed busy
day the fuck spit it out
oh oh oh nice well that why you had no
life Oh Alice today hours today who did
you receive a fucking job Casey Casey
thank you very much for all of it Justin
oh oh I saw some video I'm thought I'd
buy you some update I hope that I feel
hopeful Wow world over on your fake one
I am this is how I survive it syndicate
original well I'm not going to drink
this because some gave me the show but
it it's amazing so I'm gonna keep up
forever look at the shows and one just
brings you so many Luka Xenia just
finding mrs. bridges is just ready to go
if people wrote their name don't live at
the show but every time I came here and
drank when I could be like thank you Jim
Bob five-o you know any hibiscus I am
having your biscuit oh you're not yeah
hope you're proud of yourself
oh you quit diet
you quit you know I'm taking a bit ah oh
you can copies of you oh yeah yeah are
you on it no the company no they belong
the biscuits along a little place the
biscuits belong in the position to the
pump company Sophie you got a cat okay
they may have got the light I like you
psycho I feel so like a girl money I
will fight you
he took my biscuit I don't have anything
I'm not even more like how - Cartman -
bitch a bucket
very much fun / well no one told me that
the massage parlor cadavers for me
how is those did you tell you all give
me a smoke you know everything so
fucking great - leave it oh my god help
slime died which animal about six now
give me that you're not having any
biscuits you're bad nobody waste and
running biscuits ever again ever again
Tom you thought sharknado is bad get
together with friends and watch this
masterpiece food fight when food when
good food goes bad
this should be interesting that side you
very much Liam as well as a watch for
Ron but then it's also got a letter to
go with the watch which we said
definitely do and then got pocket watch
for run as well which is sick so there's
a story of your homeless watch so
hopefully Ron's gonna get it and give it
a nice read and moved it not something
okay
listen all right that's fine that's just
a dick move
what what so the style off of me drawing
a smiley face in a while and then one
was like you can't do that well is your
deposit another lash it was a deposit so
then I always pissed me off so I find
your side to get what the carried away
and I drove this weird-looking fish I
was supposed to be a fish thanks nice in
the Columbia learn draw a stickman
shooting another stickman then I draw a
stickman with the penis launcher firing
something and then I drew this guy on a
custom like a TV with a machine gun on
the back firing backwards and out pretty
much were in the desk sponsible mom how
did you let me do this
you stopped me what what you should know
that mom it started with a stick man
with a shield or a fish and now I put
seven centimetres was a fuck your
biscuit Alex looks fat syndicate OG for
life and then I just put a lot of 20
minutes from this and I'm sure what it
is okay look do you think watch day
that's a meteor that's gonna run into
our entire time China what's getting
married in 2020 well the main key 2021
to make it twenty twenty nine eight next
year
well I'll give you eight you so you ever
have kids that's the yeah you have kids
yeah what if I make it 28 26 28 and then
I know seven centimeter Luther cynic oh
gee Prague Ali took class and then open
you draw hope it's a cloud with Sun
Alice Alice your wizards don't mean
again you get it means you get a new
desk for the office
fires on because it says here our
success so yesterday Alex why you not
appreciating the fact that I made your
secret drive with a ballsack one could
there's a penis it Clara has done Volta
there's the penis the balsa all day
every day in The New Yorker yeah
our exciting is that I just said I'm
Amish with the lovers you tell you just
you just did you in one I'm a delinquent
also massive shout out to read the note
so you gave this people must've shout
out to the person who gave me the bar
pop ticker thank you thanks I get what
I'm bad that's Paul I'm on than one's
laughing daughter what I'm not paying if
I'm bad I'm not paying nothing what how
could I baby bug you appreciated Athena
don't they fit last time as well
she's been dating West for five years
it's been longer five years when I was
blow well I was going to be like I was
going to go with this that's dope you
can fill five years she's like paid
every moment of attack harder than the
bustle you will find the ginger of
gingers bigger Oh Hallie has loads of
notes I love notes like this next there
will be a watch that has gone from New
York New York to Malaga back to New York
or back full York so I read New York
that time I was just sending on and then
to York so Minster bitches bitches
bitches ball skin all skin moles kiss
cheers here is it this is what it was
asking on your shoes what we were just
talking about balls also this is like
one of my favorite ways of anyone right
you know it's in small formats because
when I got big letters it's just
intimidating in it and I saw it from the
northeast corner and Tom what does it
say Oh
i phone blog it that's great well Jared
okay some lovely tweet us
Oh gimme Connor all right I'll tell you
hi Twitter but if your name on the
syndicate regional desk
make sure you tweet at syndicate
original and me and I'll write your name
on it so go for it yeah fucking well a
massive shout out to that Davis in Kappa
thon and you Kappa fun
Kappa food what see a E are n a Fon can
Aspen of that man also shout-out to
Joshua Smith from Lincoln did it dude
today I'm doing this with a few months
if you've ordered from Cindy original
King on Charles Amanda Clarke from
Sheffield can cross from bald said James
whoa
Fitzgerald from Burnley nailed on them
pretty good others mark Gao from London
nails London
rep Josh Davis from Bridgewater that's I
like that name
Helen Tunis from up Abingdon Abingdon
engine I tried I tried shooting that son
to see you all is for silicon
oh I'll smash this all this kit she saw
mine done stole this gift Alice's Madrid
it's on deck actually mad at me
wait a useful mood because it's all a
biscuit John back don't keep them it's
my sister upset cursor reason you're not
having a child
oh there you go you happy now
ok no crucial moment Roma but I gave you
the biscuits back I did nothing be I'm
about sat down that I need yeah I need
to go to up no I haven't got everything
I'm gonna dude just watching him screw
sheer or in fact I got your phones one
phone back to the biscuit and we've got
a biscuit
I don't face I mean you backed around
totally what's that there nothing
and it's akin to me look at me I can
make it in a listing I didn't I yes well
right 100 times more in fact
I'm just go to the toilet tsa searches
yes
come on the bike I will ground while
you've got your life
mummy did you find them by with a
blankie Oh have you got my Viking the
difference between a selfish and a fight
a fucking looking good she did it all
along
mum we've been looking for last 20
minutes and my keys and she had them all
about now she's dead
I'm a fucking murderer I put my keys
down on the bin and as we continued
looking Mikey disappeared again hmm
do you three give me many of a good back
and I won't tell you this it there's not
in there you took a packet I took
nothing for me five I do have to say
Tony thank you way back how do you run
by companies a dream ah nice give me
give me I need to go and hook the ride
and yes just what does what's evicted
Moxie my god really yeah movie mom
yeah another good job goodbye you showed
that
this is a terrible idea
this is an absolute oh boy there
don't touch anything oh oh oh
but this was back on the bike but I
think it's moving up now okay okay
please don't knock it over always I've
got a feeling that when you're all the
unicel your acid and move into my driver
this is the office we've gotten we were
rubbish all did he just put like a layer
of projects like along the edges here
it's like a rubber roof 25 years
guarantee on it yeah yeah yeah exactly I
was in the middle relatively far is it
oh my god tourists with their selfie
stick
anyway I'm rushing now to UM get a
massage in Manchester pull the parts out
the place to get my massage
so remember putting my money in the
machine and things and then the blah
blah
atmosphere spy was great
I'm going back to the spa oh no looks
like she only been knocked over by a
bike or something I don't think there's
an ambulances need to be there but the
police just turned up the second fiber
gay dude oh that's the world's biggest
plane emirate a tree a two-story one
that Katy did the video on as like a
shower and stuff time to try some salt
and pepper chicken from Spring Garden
okay so usually I'm of this area the cow
up or I've been given behind the scenes
to basically do whatever I were in a
chip shop so and I'm gonna get some
chips with some curry sausage look at
this menu I'm gonna ask for fried rice
and I've got some songs had chicken
coming so we all right where's the curry
yeah we're doing oh this is the best
thing ever I did not know my day we're
going to consist of a massager now this
thanks guys oh my god that's so good
this was it that was probably one of the
best recommendations for Chinese I've
ever ever ever had thank you so much
better appreciate it oh my god
and just like that it's midnight and
I've come to sending Rob to watch the
launch of guarding the gallant you do
know there's everywhere at the midnight
launch of a film oh my god
guardians of the galaxy - was why not
like a god bald patch on my bed taking
it - take it
I got a ball touching my bed I really
like see number friends that are ever
available to go to the movies so I was
like screw it I'm not waiting for
spoilers on Twitter or in my comment I'm
going watching it at midnight and you
know what it was well worth day I give
it a nine point five out of ten super
funny it throughout and all I know that
I want in life now is a baby group that
exists because that thing is amazing
also not spoiler alert but teenage group
not so much baby group and today's vlog
was late sorry about that but thank you
very much for watching if you did enjoy
make sure to leave a like rating
subscribe Graham Tamar
it's going to be showing you some it
pretty cool but you have to wait until
see that right gram tomorrow's blogger
when is it the clock tomorrow and what
do you need to do sit like subscribe and
leave a comment as and about why ken is
someone make up a story about Kenan and
it's really creative I'll read it up in
tomorrow's vlog you know what I don't
like let's do it be way out for you
ready thank you very much for watching
and I'll see you dudes
