new John it is a new day and it is
beautiful in England
I haven't even yet had my breakfast but
I'm going get in an ice cream because
it's an ice cream Canada
we're visiting 10 but I'm going to try
and sneak up on him because he's left
his large door open I don't want to try
and
exceed from from the window let's see if
I can count hearing it I don't work I've
got to somehow open this without
disturbed
okay
I got you free glasses hahahaha
it was so it was so full of your little
whole thing over him but I don't think
you'd be impressed by that oh my god I
love these thought process going on his
brain walk out tall choice about look at
him Lord look at him it's so cute and so
cool stuff hiding in a circle shell top
cloud well boy
smart boy oh yeah ken's albion 6262
tomorrow
it's 62 tomorrow Oh a pretty good
breakfast I started with an ice cream
and now a Seminole well I've made it to
my destination but do i realistically
want to go indoors on a day like today
no obviously I can't show you what the
gift is cause when my bottle fee in the
vlog but I think I found in the perfect
card nice standard bottle champagne
bigger bottle champagne even make it
even but oh my god six thousand seven
hundred pounds what's going on
oh so I was corrected not six thousand
seven hundred sixty seven thousand
pounds
I'm trying to find a ground not a gift
because hitted it on Wednesday and I may
have found a perfect book Hollywood cap
I don't know I don't know if you like
our pretty successful shop but
absolutely everything you needed it's
time to rock and roll I'm literally in
and out within 20 minutes so obviously I
have to show a bit of love see where is
it he's John in the back but mark
he worked at Nando's just gave me my
meal for free it is an absolute legend
so I took a detailed I'm gonna send him
a free syndicate check the second time
he's done the town oh my gosh England is
beautiful right now look isn't you just
look at it it's beautiful
now that is the number one thing I want
to see when I walk into my house persona
beaming through because look at it ah it
just lights up the entire back of the
house the fields look green everything
looks great I'm now going to show you
guys my poor fashion choice from
shopping because listen if women can do
style holes I can do a psycho college
style I can do a fail hall then two are
for my gun runnin up for my dad and my
granddad code is my dad's birthday on
April 24th and then two days later 26
he's my granddad so I've got them sorted
out but when did a bit of shopping at
All Saints Day we you'll get used to my
sort of clothing fashion akiva syndicate
original are all set or our All Saints
then thrown in a little bit of DC
trainers a pair of Jordans and I only
ever wear the same pair of jeans which
are diesel whatever these are
trust me that the best welcomes the sons
turntable on unsteady babies a gentleman
right so ladies you can do boxes and be
like oh you're the ladies like wow you
look so good I'm so happy for you right
now but I'm basically doing that myself
so ladies jump welcome to my home from
all things what I got is a buddy from a
jet am I supposed to like zoom in on the
logos and stuff because I'm not doing
but oh my gosh they a mega come face
rocket a nice gray hood it looking good
hmm cousin said was not the point hood
which is nice and it feels honestly like
absolute heaven which means one thing
syndicate original needs to release a
zip up Hoodie I look my over like the
overthrow hood is like the jumper
hoodies I love them love them greatly
but we need to do is little one do you
agree Mexico where you have just a
simple plain black jumper for looking
sleek looking like no you're just just
nice and you know presentable on a night
out or something like that I could go
into a quote you're going out for meal
and you just want to be like playing
okay okay Plain Jane then this is is the
jump read shows also for the record I
thought I was like a pretty normal sized
dude but I went into all things trying
to jumper a medium way too big I tried
on a jump it in small way too big I had
to wear an extra small I'm basically
wearing children's clothes right now I
shit you not
extra oh oh oh what are you doing focus
extra small Oh what what is that I then
decided hey what if I end up going to
like a or woman's house and want to try
and flirt with her or something I need
something that's going to make us feel
comfortable so that's my description of
this junker so I decided to get this
nice I want to take cottony weaving
style jumper and you know it's it's not
too thick it's not too heavy it can
lightweight and looks like I'm putting a
parachute on god this is what I ended up
getting so it's just like a nice nice
little jumper looks kind of neat looks
kinda nice and yeah then you'll know if
that was the clothes that I wear
everything pretty much monotone I don't
really like cause if it wasn't very
obvious that I don't like color take a
look at my house grey grey grey grey
black white silver chrome that's it Oh
another example go up dark table black
chairs grey carpet silver grey sofa I
don't know why that's the case it just
is and wait
even though outside patio slates great
bricks and then
more great violife great hot tub cover
great windows i really should add color
to tomorrow actually the only one
colorful thing in my house is you could
say this but that's kind of monotone in
my in my regards but the only colorful
thing in my house is this painting or
canvas from Ikea which I've had for
about five years my Robinson fruit juice
which is kind of running low so taller
been inside my house for a whole five
minutes I'm bored and I'm going on my
bike for a bit by the way I would
totally be GoPro and get but I don't
know where any of my charges are so I'm
having to order a charger off Amazon so
I can record because otherwise right now
I'd go out and mow over what about the
vlogs I friggin can critic Roger is why
I love riding a motorbike and then also
where I live look at it look at that for
a sunset view holy crap I need a go
process oh yes salt and pepper chicken
pieces and the mechanic resurrection
thank God Jackie baby back my way oh
yeah oh yeah okay I'm not too sure what
the thumbs up to because I don't talk to
my Chinese guns but Harry and is it as
good as it usually is nope well after
passing out what should movie last night
it wasn't actually a nice day this mine
but it's turned absolutely miserable it
looks like it's about to rain and that
means I guess I'm not going on a
motorbike and logging today going to the
prom where's a day of miserable I'm
going to go to The Syndicate region
office take them a drink come back to
the house and play video games does that
mean I'm gonna record video games not so
much I'm just gonna play it kick back
and enjoy
and as weird as it is I'm really tempted
to do minecraft
I know people might be like but I hear
me out I really want to get the
Minecraft Project original season minus
1 mod where they were like big trolls
and ogres that would just rip up the
ground everywhere I want to get that
installed and
and then get planted that minecraft and
maybe your micro project season 4 just
because I'm really really thinking about
playing minecraft so I'm not no I'm
gonna go because now 9 o'clock in the
morning I know I'm actually up that a
reasonable time but I'm gonna go now so
thank you very much for watching
visually leave a like rating subscribe
and I'll catch you guys tomorrow for
next daily vlog where it is going to be
my dad's birthday today if you're
watching this right now it is my dad's
birthday so if you want to tweet and
tweet him up GX d o DD that's a who's
Twitter name at G cross Dodd so I got to
go tomorrow for the echo box until then
