it's the morning hello wow it's actually
some evil ones like oMG Becky my morning
ritual is like that up I shower and I'm
in the shower I a smile I tried to brush
from Brad I brush my teeth for two
minutes sorry
then I get out and I got my hair and
then I spiked it using dad style to my
beauty routine every morning is going to
be the number seven my stranger gradual
tan I'm a pale basic bitch and I need
some goddamn color in my skin every
mornin is to cover myself in cat hair
because it makes me look truly lovely
day in England if it was like this all
the time I'd be okay
it's just the grayness that just
depresses me for real when it's not
sunny I like a little bit of Sun in the
slightest
it brings down my soul I feel my soul on
the inside just be crushed
oh well you know what Oh steiermark a
beer last time actually
last time I parked there I had my
defender which reminds me
mmm yes I have a defender that's fixed
ready to drive I just need to go and get
it also that's a terrible parking job
you try me failed you did really failed
it's time to check Lydia is going to be
healthy to fly we're going up to maybe
boon chores so we just need to find out
if Lily is able to fly if she is then
she can fly obviously she can't ski or
snowboard or she can so come and join us
Barnum this hospital smells like burnt
toast oh I wonder where Lydia could be
hello you did a good deed little bubble
Lily boo that's Jackson yeah well it
turns out when me and Lydia are here
together
what was it what we can fell prey on
your pre-op sorry
I met this lovely lady here what's your
name again sorry captain that cap I'm
not filming you cap don't worry if
they're with me
but yeah bet apparently you saw the
video and saw that I was in her ward so
I'm saying they're two-faced there you
go last year's yeah we're going bowling
ball call the pivots on then wait wha no
my I'm not a long before I experienced
how this are you gonna be feeling the
pressure is pretty high to be honest
yeah but go cat in my arms are all I'm
stressed about it came to second place
okay tight yeah it's that work it out
muscles but it's tying it tightened
looking at your actually
was it well doctor was absolutely
amazing absolutely sort this out oh yeah
but like we got the all-clear
good to fly good to trouble no have
lived in six six to twelve weeks
recovering so next up mum oh I'm fine
I could travel she got the phone too
long I could explore acrid lecture mum
mum wrong I might be as well but what
could I go mmm-hmm miss Hewitt Lee is
back yo look at all the kids all say
hello to it she's getting bombarded
sandwiches acquired from the hot and
cold food bakery what a name they've got
for that all right let me cross without
getting run over here and let's go what
of my cajun chicken Oh incredible
I made the mistake downstairs of
cuddling up next Libya under the blanket
and that was it like say 140 we then
woke up at half past four
yeah that means that I hadn't edited the
vlog which I'm doing right now so I'm
getting this edited as fast as damn
possible but it all together I got some
music on it so if you're watching
today's vlog I'm hoping you've already
seen yesterday's if you haven't I went
go cotton and it was awesome but this is
not a knock on effect sadly every
Tuesday and Friday I go riding my bike
and I do that at five o'clock it's now
546 I've missed the ride I've
disappointed all the guys of this point
but Dad and the video still not edited
rendered or uploaded come on in all mr.
Brown opened it is now a few very but
come in mr. Peter Lonard right well
I am sorry I didn't join your ball I'm
still trying to get my vlog uploaded of
a go cow footage yeah we've been
cheating on you you've been replaced it
works at bar Denis Alex Mercer bar so
there you go so sorry we've every
process making sure you paid the debt
let's get it all day he knows he knows
hey he's here where is she what she's
gone no no no she's literally drew
Marino I love you huzzah it's a cat a
little bit of duck for the boy he's like
what is this what is it what is it
you're at it always east-west ace if you
ever I took before the cat approaches
they took on the floor that's nice
Gracie he's having a nibble he's had a
lick he does not know what to think of
it and he's reversing I know him too
well he's just a fat boy he wants some
food
oh god it's gone oh my god it's all
right last orders out you get how you
get lost daughters I mean we know it's
already been told me get out you
going we've got an odd Rob you are mate
oh my my ride my ride was so hard
wait Tony go already these is
perfect excuse me can you drive please
my friend no deliveries no thank you no
thank you
no no deliveries tonight goodbye now
goodbye now oh yeah cheese my appreciate
up by your razor bags now cats love them
oh no wait don't do it by acidic
original risk fun because look how much
cats love it Wow the cats are having so
much fun
combine your razor back with your
syndicate original wristband and you
have the the cat Guinea home ultimate
cat kitty complexion yeah once again
making the most of us cinema can't go on
thank you
mother Lydia that because I'm a
gentleman oh yeah no lifting thing she's
right god damn it she's not allowed to
lift things
oh I'll push she's not allowed to push
up hold on lift I wonder if our boys
here ki sit there is he's there there's
AB the I'm the guy with the beard and
the glasses behind in the bed do you
mind being on the water
come believe it so you know we always
see better we always catch up with in
rows I always engage in a lot I don't
know that's his bully fiancee I'm so
proud of you guys
and boo-boom kachou we've just seen the
slowest my neck time I offer this lowest
door ever just saw the commuter with
Liam Neeson I thought it was good film I
did it was definitely action-packed book
it felt like there was more build-up to
the first half of the film and it was
like the second out I know it's that
make sense bought it was like it was and
then seven seven I think that's very
swayed by like I am BD and she liked
that for that book I give it a 7 it was
a good story it was fun I don't like to
seen a bit more of the you know the
ending I'm not gonna spoil it obviously
but the way the end of the story got
wrapped up was a bit like haha but it
was a bit like there was a bit of a pork
loin missing that's all I'm saying
there's a bit missing
yeah and actually fell but nonetheless
good you can't see so by oh you
know just watching some twitch you know
chilling out and I have got the
sleepiest little kitten in my lap oh my
god look at this cat Gadsby you are
adorable I've got this cat looking at me
like it's spooked what's the matter
okay Lulu do you big fat tuna me I am
not even sure where I ended yesterday so
I don't even think I don't know what the
last cook was I'm about to potentially
livestream me editing the vlog I don't
know if I'm going to do that we'll say I
need a haircut and more importantly
we've just got confirmation that mean
Lydia cuz we can fly are going on an
adventure on Tuesday so I'm really
really excited to do that and more
importantly to take with you on a new
and a new adventure around the world so
we'll find out what that is with for
confirmation and details soon but it is
now 351 if you see this vlog uploaded at
6 p.m. I want you guys to smash that
like right you see that they see that
thumbs up on right this one right there
someone I don't you just snuck this one
because you're like wow trouble you
actually got the video uploaded at 6
p.m. on the door now don't be like oh I
don't go live it shipped to go and see
like I if I made the video live at 6
o'clock right you'll see me tweet about
it but if it pushes you'll see could I
start mr. bucks at stake so forth
still means the push out six o'clock
just delays a little bit but most
importantly if you see this upward it at
6:00 p.m. on the dot leave that like
right if I didn't I want you to bombard
this video with dislikes
I want you to bomb bad not every video
when it's like that be like everyday but
I want you to bombard this video with
the thumbs down we are not happy with
late videos I think you change your
matter you like the video you know but
yeah I've got one in this video no gunk
oh so much love leave a like rating if
it's on time and I'll see you guys
tomorrow 6 p.m. the next la vogue so
until then much love oh my god defenders
well that's amber
