those things first I realized that I
need to write this on the desk sub to
will n be run yeah I have a counting
friend it sees new dance new day feeling
fresh feeling clean but extremely tired
up that's run in the afternoon that's
that this day Oh bollocks there's a big
metal rod in there well my entire week
is messed up right now because of the
Bank Holiday Monday I thought it was
Sunday and then today I thought was one
day but now it's Tuesday so it's now a
Tuesday into the week I'm getting up way
out of bed don't really have any plans
of action today so we're just gonna wing
it
oh I was just about to start my day and
target to my dad here being like I'm
gonna start doing you understand which
get a copy see if like a booking for a
massage down there at some another blah
and then whatever where's your car ah
my car's in Oldham yeah war the goddamn
world what's happening is a big ass
machine or something just crumpling
stone anyway that is my left to go and
collect my car also I'm very overdue a
haircut it's too fluffy
alright shop up day are you doing though
okay cause I know state I've come
checking up on the shop alright oh I've
got a wall pain I went I don't pay does
it open the radiator very nice yes sorry
walking a walk able to see that's a nice
car but then look about my dad you spike
who ready
I think that's 350 then if I'm Ryan
saying sir I thought to fuck me that I
can't go your sup boss don't come up
left my car at car analysis house and
cow has done something to my car and
just not sure what is I hate him I
absolutely hate him I hate him with a
passion
what the fuck cow I fucking hate him I
absolutely hate him okay in so much this
is why this is so badly wrong do you
know what you started
you you know no you started it kind of a
down you know you started I don't know
what would happen if I tried driving it
actually tied it together efficiently
you did a good job you did a pretty no
dad that's not a handshake moment I'm
assuming this might be easy survives
doing this it's still going you know
have a job
get up see that yeah yeah my dad goodbye
now hahahaha I ain't coming off did she
wait this car will never look the same
again once I buy my way with it
Jessie wait not to feel right now
this is wrong
you don't know how long I'll be waiting
to try method me you saw Joe sugg talk
for his roommate stuff in ice
oh hello Cal handful you have no idea
yeah no idea what you got coming when
she talked mum doesn't give me the spare
key to your house a few old spy kids are
that really yeah I've got a chrome
spoiler okay I'll see how far I can
drive it that one it's just drive
possibly like terraria somewhere and
just like look at in my breath so you
wrap familiar no flinch
oh I think you're gonna get in more
trouble about tinfoil you used to bet
she was in on it and she's more she was
more than happy for me to use every city
my house fire oh terminal like this
don't try putting it down
got to play spoiler error take that up
I'll do the fucking back wow I cleaned
it all up off my car and he threw it in
my car
come on absolute dick leave your
comments below as for what I can do to
call that fun turn it granting deck just
my 12 windows wall how far is your
response for it to be the call you have
a job I don't I am sir are you mean
working away and after Cal shenanigans I
was like you know what the guy looks
filthy I gonna get a wash look at that
look at that oh oh well they did a good
job I'm a happy I'm a I'm a happy
capping I locked my car shit I'm in on
it with you in on it will ya you fucking
know
are you having fun with it out not
really it's what people think how many
cushions I don't know anything
oh is this like testing cook she's
wasted Oh dad you I would think having
life and that slime yeah I'm going that
way my man
Jemma you know you know this kid I know
that's a rattle I can't explain money on
the floor you just trip over the box I
would help you up for the CD with the
Daniel did you cut yourself
do you mind not lying on people all
right we all not really clear what you
get like inspiring me to the top don't
have a bowl of we chose today so bad
decisions are being made going on a bike
ride so I'm supposed to like it's got
now going well yeah I've got a ray so
now I've got ray so now upload the vlog
and then I've got going to buy ground so
fingers crossed I'm an elf oh I know
someone named Oh first me but let me
zoom that's one thank you very much
nice one we share a lot dick today's
just one of those days I got up late
shouldn't have done I probably click the
snooze button about 20 times on my phone
come up at 7 o'clock in the morning
I then snoozed all the way and saw one
that means I pressed it every eight
minutes from 7:00 till 1:00 it's
ridiculous now fat outside the pub we're
in no mountain biking year we've Grahame
is wearing all mine biking gear
I missed the bike ride that was at 5
o'clock
on the bike which is perfectly clean but
I didn't get to go on a bike ride so
crap somebody tweeted me a video right
when we're mountain biking I fell off my
bike
some kids went and did repeal the vibe
down the road and crashed fell off it
and that's how he broke open front seat
no no Lou tell us I'll show you who fell
off the my watch all the way you are you
in the book she fell in oh yeah yeah
look yes thank you
what knows the him oh no why you do not
first wait no ailment nodding I said no
helmet
it was much a mistake not impressed
again oh no
okay I'll cancel it now you don't need
to talk I already canceled it what what
this is his face yeah I like it
shit you're right there for me girl I
hope you're okay I'm like I'm sure I can
hear like heavy metal that music can
also do stands arrives in record the
number of the beast this was written on
my wall after the house fire at the
enemy Joshua fighting off I get really I
know it's like and I was like is real
like the devil and stuff like that on my
house well it could it have been
and it Shawn and then I realized it I am
made and I wrote on the wall alright
guys I don't listen to heavy metal or
any old rock writing himself no I did
listen Joe I am ladies young she
listened to when I'm with you next
morning I am Maiden at the end of a life
I probably fucking high hey listen
syndicate original team I'm sorry I
didn't manage to ride with you tonight I
was stuck in traffic
well yeah happen I'm sorry it won't
happen again
I'll see you guys I'll see you guys
Friday okay yeah yeah oh good riding
riding on mine I needed that little
chill out session my uncle and it just
I'm not stressed out it's just my day
didn't go as planned and
you know what that just happens in life
but it was just nice to just chill out
and relax because all day realistically
that's all of what to do just chill out
fucking relax just chat to someone you
know just um just have it Ruth newish
question to a girl just have a bit you
know of a chill-out
moment I've done exactly that and that's
why Sean Murray the greatest Godfather
you can ever wish oh well I feel like
Ethan from a straight you sorry but god
damn it is cold but it is beautiful I
tell you what has been a really really
nice night I bumped into so many like
people outside the pub last hour just
chilling with Sean and I just look my
local area I love like local people and
the fact that they watch my videos is
just fucking sweet so I'm cold as fuck
I'm going in that monster energy in a
tense album in a glass and with ice book
holy crap DLC again more DLC for ecology
remastered that shit is crazy
finally uploaded a gaming video that
video you saw me make probably like four
or five days ago I finally got a
thumbnail made for it Thank You Evan a
cat I appreciate them my buddy got this
up and it's actually doing really really
well so I'm really really glad people
enjoy me posting on channel that said
there is my work week at two o'clock
right now if not because I'm playing my
wife remastered it's cuz I've already
played it and that is a shit ton of
editing that I've just done a mad like
no Tom all you've done is split files if
you know something biggest works each
one of these lines is a cut one of quit
but I had to go in by hand and edit
every single audio file because the
internet why no audio was however I have
got a brand new video but if you gave us
for the main channel again so yeah I
should probably stop banging because
it's doing something so everyone being
like Tom gave me videos I'm kind of
posting a few at the moment so we'll
yell up a bit pigeon I know it sort of
are you can't see a message in either
way guys is a new dawn is a new day I'm
actually here at my computer uploading
another gaming with I made an extra one
that you'll see in today's vlog so I
posted one yeah
today I made one last night and I've
uploaded another one today so if you
guys want to go over to my main channel
youtube.com/ forced by syndicate I say
main channel this is my main channel
nowadays if you want to go and check out
my gaming channel opposed to the new
gaming video over there hopefully that's
gonna live before this ad and talk about
ecology zombies and the new DLC in
supplies so I'm pretty stoked for that
map bar to go up well it is now 641 so
if you're watching it I'm so sorry this
vlog was like and I've been running
around like crazy and I'm going out for
dinner with my granddad so it was like a
bit hectic hectic hectic so really
started for that book and feeling
feeling the rhythm of making content I
was up till 7 o'clock in the morning
last night so I'm bit exhausted right
now but nonetheless going to get this
book up going to go out to dinner my
granddad I'm gonna have nice chilled out
night so don't forget guys make sure you
subscribe to the channel and if you want
to be absolutely amazing oh well I can
actually do it online as an example
right now if you're on your youtube
channel right now click this little bell
it allows you to receive notification
channel send me all notifications click
Save and send me a screenshot of you
having your notification bell on and
I'll make sure I favorite some of your
guys tweets I'm really tired by the way
so I keep sensing things children at 6
o'clock the next day vlog that's the
punch in a wall I'm gonna go now because
my back's killing me you'll find out in
tomorrow's like hey that's me my eye
