Oh oh boy oh boy I have a little houses
mess everything's a mess
and though the gums and chicken on the
floor and so in here it's not that bad
no Fairburn Alice what he looks like
that I won't go oh why don't can come
it's my toe for fuck sake I'll fucking
tell me how you don't know biscuits
you'll never know how that biscuits
Alice how much always adding score so
you're the biscuit sort of it's too late
I'll texture I got a biscuit Alice what
is that on the for what's that on your
foot Buchan what is it what it's a stick
edible rhythm a nice toasty is it is a
girl
no it's wrong but bull is just growing
shit oh my god it's a gross how do you
like anyone give you my give me one can
eat whatever
Oh God give me one give me one good one
so rare you get to biscuit for you it's
America I don't know how to Russian I
know he knows where they are no one
cares about what you're saying yeah they
thought when you put you over skater
throw me out 18 box oil is it is it
really when they come look how easy is
to conspire against you all right behind
out you won't find them do you have a
good idea do you have a key wow that's
it so long to button yeah I know they're
mine put them back put them back I
actually don't know I don't know what
you're sucking the shit no no jeez
thanks to the said bitch dead to me
maybe
everybody keeps on bodies they put your
name on that's the only way anybody
needs you go to my - do all these
there was three more slowly ringing more
why these clearly said Cindy here in
your permit I need to solve it you've
got two three times and this would limit
she's good on this oh wait forget all of
that
well what am I do know I never ever what
am i risking not one like we just tell
me hearing which don't I send darling
biscuit okay now should surely change
Roger Oh God well no that's more there's
a little hell it's actually a great
sister and feeding me bacon and eggs and
we did me and he looks still glean my
buddies it dollars and she'll get a
trailer but bloody how my new cook these
on that yeah but that's what's gonna
happen tell Troy go bad Mike you can't
cook spit in it you know three fucking
stupid
oh my gosh at the put down that was hard
oh it says oh cool I can exercise it
bacon
so like any chef would do I have to put
it on there's always show Thank You Shan
literally put it on the table somewhere
it's good devours it
why are you just watching this videos of
slime well Alice it sounds disgusting so
satisfying for you what what what are
you what started watching
that's disgusting right right right
don't find it really satisfies I don't
know and I don't just stop much a
shout-out love you
ooh okay that sighs my lash is Wyatt
well what's the riddle to knit no no no
no this is like ear for what the size is
what do you get out of it you were
nothing out of it just fine is that I
kind of bagel Alice always it green
I don't eat bagels oh so why would it be
in the house seriously that I never
bought bagels without ever now
introducing Tom's hand which is as you
can see completely swollen up because
like an idiot last night I thought I
wasn't any Joshua and punch the wall not
sure how I did it or wide it but that is
actually a punch mark with my blood
joint that way and it goes all the way
from here down and stops their idea so
relaxing Sunday in England very peaceful
very nice Alice is still here obviously
and I've always got to go get some food
in a minute and then go to the cinemas
and watch Beauty and the Beast hmm I've
not checked if anyone's really coming
along
well the answer is oh my god what is
this Tom's cock is life Oh what you
rubbed out the only key polluted Ag
custard age Oh Tom sixty as what 11th
that's our little girl
Matt's pedophile
Cal Cal play cricket at all and major
virgins Billy needs that stabilizes what
because it weighs state Tom talking live
Joshua I am read he wrote six six six
the devil normal and what does it say Oh
to me on earth and see for the whole son
the beast with what before someone like
cursed my house what the fuck okay I
love kids
61 and Tracy within the story so not
even fixing only doesn't look too bad
actually
alright to the cinema sorry you're just
like how childish is right in warrior
and you dragged on it is their right
that is the people stood up waiting for
nanos indoors that is that's not so good
not good good the film is at 8 o'clock
okay so I give you about 50 minutes 8:50
in the films on however Nando's wait 35
minutes
no and a risk of five guys this is a
good decision I'm gonna risk it and so
for a bacon cheese omelet
I've got high hopes and four
hey cheese dog with bacon
ketchup and hot ginger yeah like it's
alright for not just a flight now but
need yeah if I don't know it it just
doesn't taste like anything I just tried
to sausage arizonans my identity kind of
like me hi oh no you're paying for it to
be paid for dinner I favored in the
artist Robert no what no I didn't call
you I would never call you sasquatch I
set the fast me whenever I don't want a
story
okay Kyle give me I want em over like
them
you're really heavy honey 21 right so
who has to pay where you doing the food
away I just need a dot we were getting
close this number through it what the
service number away Lou this 61 it
sticks on it I went for 50 this guy's
like tennis okay sure
Calabar dinner 28 pounds I bought the
cinema ticket 33 pounds very apparent
all right and then I don't have to pay
for that yes you pay for it that's that
you said you ever lose it and I face
extreme
I ain't the cinema they make me fucking
oh so not somewhere else
what is your hell and sway to you that
it is all okay I just fucking walked
into the wrong screen oh I Roman okay
screen - okay we're in the rivals time
that was so funny room like why is it so
sweaty
everyone is just air you know if you
were in that cinema screen and I'm so
sorry for the inconvenience
see this is more like it it's green my
tiny oh that's true absolutely awesome
been who we just met their work to the
cinema and you've got these cups that
are guiding you to the galaxy there's a
bean groove like figure on top of the
cup is if next time I come in you can
try and get one and like I'm just giving
what ascended me sorry like we're
watching for what do we think of that
film ten out of ten for recreation of
the original story and it's viewing to
be so it has to be a ten hours enter it
is ready for you think - it starts slow
so it is it that's great I want to kill
myself
well then I'm going to dare kill me now
by calvo camera now not three we get the
graphics and just to see how far
qualities come a film absolutely
incredible and Carl because you're
beautiful there's a hot chocolate for
your face God be careful make me shine
with ya now even better can be biscuit
oh no no joke are the best King you do
so I'll Isis watching a vlog
obviously everything excited together I
mean Kalpana but Jack for quids off wait
quit in put in I've got six so hit me Oh
dick seventeen show them to you thinking
on seventeen god damn it you me take my
quit bitch love you LS it what you think
of it yeah yeah whole show is gonna give
it
hey guys just sleep while I'm not that
okay I know it's comfy it creaks a lot
so you know yeah so we've got a day off
tomorrow I'll call it in one day we'll
have some fun together yeah brilliant
high five hours high five cow you guys
can trust me now
now can we follow you guys can trust me
I'll remember that cow I'll remember
that
dude or dudette can start this day so
yeah make sure leave a like rating on
this video subscribe shooted tomorrow at
6 p.m. for the next day everyone because
I film every single day of my life and
put it on the internet people to watch
and I appreciate you while watching so
by coding Monday if you watching this
right now hope you have a great great
day for not from the UK and don't have a
bank holiday then Monday let I know it
I'll catch you guys tomorrow so ah so
good
