ah-ha-ha-ha-ha I didn't test it when you
run right try again take ten steps back
and I'll press it and you can run up to
it a three - what don't you okay she
doesn't run it to this one ah yeah I
didn't I didn't like that one sorry okay
what no I just think the postal is to
collect the stuff for the Pyong box and
what I've intercepted by the way your I
don't know if I can put this in the book
somehow I have to make sure all these
doors are locked and no one can get out
because would you be worried yeah and
then just pull them come on to your
freedom to litter oh that's s yeah
does it assess yes okay I'm going now
don't don't escape out the house again
three update oh yeah Hey
well where'd you say you got the kitchen
you've got the dining room and you have
the lounge don't break anything okay Oh
Alice that is not just a book that's not
just a bird I'm pretty sure that's like
a fuck yeah well got it your father's
Falcon did you hit it with a cat back
out person okay do it no clear yeah no
let it rep what what happened to it
no it didn't catch it you brought it in
by hand what did you into it I've gone
on it well then go to it and you won't
believe what it's done
you won't believe what he's done look at
your face
I can't leave hasn't any blood on him
you put your junk in pigeon
sure it's a little fucking AA yeah holy
was
oh that's so so it's a whole killing it
- no limits just sleeping and letting us
hold it here allow no he didn't I was
just found at the bomb the gallon right
wait
but he found it in Theo's mouth Alice
when to find it stop with a wise thank
you
okay back up fi like that fine Mike and
Joe just what it's like to be in the
back of an Audi TT it's all for Ali this
guy we're going watching Adam perform in
Charlie in the Chocolate Factory and
he's playing Charlie and he's big matt
is my godmothers son what you don't know
is I've got a partner he's my godson
your godson you're a good mother I
forgive God for my lost brother
what whereabouts in Scotland me you from
Rosco I've got an uncle George an actual
uncle named George who is from Scotland
and his son Adam like he's family to me
basically it's performing as charlatan
Charlie the top factor today and they've
decided to invite me so I can be like do
we cheer them all week last time and
then I'm a standing ovation of you and
you have him a present no we like it
because like women get flowers don't Lee
be sure to do so we do later on tonight
got it okay I'm saying this right now
this smells and feels like a hospital
this is actually where I was going to
come to college I was going to come in
oh yeah Scott College this is where I
was going to call to do my what protein
see like put my ICT course but I found I
have to do it hyper did it happiness I
want to do it in high it might not stand
by integer I'm so excited I just can't
find it
I know I'm gonna kill each other and
we've been always got like the tropical
under the theme music I like it Joey's a
nice boy
this dog was being passed around in a
huge REO and we passed it and reside
around people there all around every see
and everyone honestly that was one of
the footage I was holding by those
trying not to laugh I was joking around
and if it's the old guy beyond Joey
Votto problems we actually got our
receipt from there all the way to talk
and then the woman started reeling it oh
my god I you know when you're not
supposed to laugh that was a moment you
know it was a laugh and I was dying I
think I walked upstairs to see what was
up here and I found a huge hall for
basketball all I need to do now is find
a ball play basketball I think
everything's a lot though I have no idea
where I am aware this girl's the
bathroom okay thank God I didn't say
women's honors while battling with I am
I put a snapchat out saying I'm lost my
sister rang me is like where I am I'm
lost I'm not gonna get chased this one
caught me snooping on America the
Candyman that is that's what happens
when a bird get diarrhea down those
brutal yeah I might yeah it's a really
took game so I'm thinking maybe 10 grand
a draw no all right fine I'll put 10
grand on Joshua then about 10 grand
uncle Scott yes give it
mom why are you rolling
I just can't understand how much bird
shit there is everywhere what are you
what do you guys eat like unlock shit oh
there is hey cat and it weird when the
switz class isn't on it like does it go
overboard or fact can't we do it where's
the captain
Cat Cat
what is this I have no idea who or how
it's playing music in my house right now
that's definitely not much if we doing
activate your home say what what if I
say your dar cells aim on and your mum
pants cancel you know one enquiry Adam
was very proud of you mate maybe your
dad having a quick bevy your mom's
actually going to watch your other one
so I need 1/8 get a good job bye mum god
save love you bye mum
all right we made it um cat you really
think the really thing I'm gonna let you
up he was tennis game Alex good look
organised everything I'm vacuuming I'm
going to in summer comes new house see
what what oh my god oh my god whatever
where are you hello holy shit it is a
nice back entrance
yeah it's so little wall the kitchen
well nice nice my friend I like the
light the convenience of Tomic on living
here that I can just ride my pedal bike
down the road and get to his house but
you know what Tom needs a bigger wall
because Bram knows his neighbor's house
got it so close there's a weird story
about this like this land here and all
that was part the same house and the
person you on this house cut the land in
half and built a new house on the other
half and then built this tiny Oswald's
defied it
like this is Tom's house that's that
house this is Tom's house this is their
house not very divided by this tiny ass
wall but right um rhinoceros II factory
Thomas stuff is ready for a very messy
night yes it's nice
this time all right I'm going drink it
Tom's new house exciting very happy that
he lives down the road literally Tom
lives a roll down the road for me now
which is perfect the mundo and I just
can use this so I can roll down the road
at like 30 to 36 miles per hour 38 maybe
we can get up speed and then watch do 17
miles back up the road no effort
whatsoever which would usually be like
on a 5-minute walk is like a 45 second
pedal but now go back up to mine and
just hopefully killing the fuck out
sweeteners Mike you bowl this is how to
watch the boxing 101 off into the
kitchen and it's been here we then go
downstairs into the basement walk into
the bar and it's on in here you got the
bar ready to rock and roll
and then you walk inside here and it's
on the projector I saw so all night ever
since my my sister animated minute
you're going in the vlog I'm sorry to
stylize every sense of any this is right
playing Lego together but with not
enough pieces we do it she's sweet
Melissa have to be a different piece
jump a game of snap hey Josh come on
you're my dearest Oh fine
now just joking I was very slow love
snow yeah good can I can employ this gay
male getting picked over
Lucky's Oh Isaac gig I don't believe
that
no part of your the empty welcome hello
we're booking this walk
thanks Ronald
Tommy is that needed a second got to get
people drunk in it this is the final day
gram gram Oh
welcome to simple drinking with some in
my party
hi des jours just regretting I'm already
drinking 51 now it is one I get to make
a shot he already offer it out what do
you it was deal come awkward so you're
going to double that shot okay so what's
the best the record and for the record
the shot you drinking contain this this
this and this Lloyd card loses three two
one custody steward evil so McCollum
you'll die spit ball quickly no but
you're dying I'm totally coming are
these do chocolate strip what your dry
haha quick no no three of the equal
player bean three of these the loser has
to do through Dean yeah you understand
right well okay three two one yeah oh
it's okay Tom oh gosh I hope you stop
Captain Morgan a bit of Serrano Ave
Jagermeister yeah and then another buck
think we need a third time Iran because
we all do was we like a dreamy stark and
commies of it where we really Bobby nah
nah no more money for you my friend
no rights on this is the last words
before you die like literally in an hour
we're gonna guide anything you want to
say this now you watch boxing many
Joshua make this happen
go for the 99 oh my friend you can do it
you can look at this at what the no fear
in this guy died the peace the big can
do this one you can did this is your
moment Adina
hey I
hollering I'm gonna kick bag yeah okay
wait I thought I told it is salty no
wait he's calling joking
I wonder if I go totally cold ah you
have to go cause you know call back if
you want
I thought he wouldn't I ran down said
that I saw a genuine thought one he's
joking to a jacket full mark just all
God crying oh no oh clicking oh no since
I can set by God not this one
it's just next one let's run next round
next round please oh shit
come to me come to me because you reign
again it gave him a chance
Oh Tuffy now look if your girlfriend
it's gonna go friend is gonna go friend
that I'm telling you I said 11 round
knockout 11 cows milk oh hey no sit his
down boy way to go I said
11th round knockout I say anything
Yoshi stay down stay down down
fuck yeah yeah I told you
fucking hold it hold it there is thunder
I'm not fucking bite yes I hope that was
nothing I can't do this and do that what
I think this is what it is I love it if
you never take part you're going to fail
but the similar goals and you never know
the outcome
London Ukraine nobody's back what a
fucking legend Oh
the mob woman wait you're not a single
single complaint from my last night you
know why I need just your woman and I'm
sorry I literally asked for Domino's
Pizza
and I'm not even charming
it's a good stuff is it actually even
warm in there yeah now oh yeah it goes
it live in hope
any night night it's so wall I love the
fact that the hot tub cover is now broke
off the edge and slam down the side
cheers Arthur stone good job I'd love to
get in bed right now like it would
actually bring me so much joy
but don't know it's okay my sister
decided that hey I'll bring a cat into
your bedroom Tom but nothing she just
did as you said I'll invade your entire
bed and from uncut shitbox in your
bedroom cat Rises the thing like explain
like seriously like good like seriously
friend while you walk away okay that's
fine if not my dog absolutely awesome
friend cleaning up as well as Alice
being an absolute legend cleaning up
don't worry about nice it's been broke
for a while Alex where are your biscuits
come from where did I get your beloved
biscuits from our Oh No where did I find
your biscuit on the night lights and
height disc Alice
we love you what'd you get them frog
you'll never find out what look at it is
say rook get right back
Jason fucking oh hold on dude a feeling
fresh feeling good get in this vlog now
so thank you very much for watching make
sure you like rate and subscribe and
I'll catch you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next daily vlog now yo you
didn't expect to see me in this state
did you tomorrow oh no no no you're
expecting me to be dead kind of um as
always thank you very much for watching
I've got some cleaning up to do and I'll
catch you guys later Oh Katya
