but it's a new dawn it's a new day and
it's the end of our chef can you truly
I'm not feeling too tired I'm not from
Google I'm pretty chilly at me so just
talking to my phone and I'm ready to
rock and roll
no okay Jay cover ID for of the event
and it's Darren early May I'm sponsored
by raised and try to give me a raise of
controller actually all right now min
just for the record I love you as a CEO
of razer for when my fans tried to give
me your product something's going on May
4 of the event and it's Darren you know
eBay
I'm sponsored by Razer and try to give
me a raise of controller actually if now
min just for the record I love you as a
CEO of razer for when my fans tried to
give me your products
something's going on me on the first day
here but there's one thing I wait to do
in a way don't get a Viking on now this
is Viking Adam he's made and they've got
to got me a Viking horn it is for me
yeah
yes I'm going to get Tom McCullar
drinking after day with advice on how to
do yes you see one onion food this is
where people are trouble absolute
legends now on
thank you very much very oh hell yeah
it's just for my collection
yes Josh thank you so much for an
awesome nice t-shirt I like this valve
that you absolutely with you what does
it mean grease for aging I'm using just
panic posters and phones but then you
all would get longer like a wrinkled up
one
ah
an aluminum map
yeah
yeah they're talking about people I want
to walk around the event and check it
out and this is a helmet that I chose to
put this on and sneaked around it
let's do we look like a are almost
hidden Amy love
we've had a break from being at the
stand every stage to walk around the
show with him and we picked up some of
the little things where you drop the
marble and if you don't oh you've got to
take the plaster to another top yeah and
you got push a map what's that your
first marveling ah I mean user speaker
placement on that and then you force it
in it makes so refreshing
well nice I'm on cabinets often I had no
idea this section existence I only knew
that existed and then here switched it
away from my stand and I'm here playing
double and it's my new condo nice thank
you
why am I so bright stop that immediate
what what what well it's going on time
for some context but basically you get a
circle and you circle you get like six
images and the other person gets like
six images but then you pull a new card
in the middle and if you see something
on that card on your card gets claimed
the card as fast as you can so you got
claim for the other person and that
place it caught this game is so it's
like playing snap but with images
I dunno
McCollum
Marcus
I
like what are you
Oh half
Terra
thousands of them
plain
okay nice
a bride I'm such a big fan Brian Brian
Brian of the babies of my babies Brian
run hey I'm now having a little bit of a
break watching something on stage
apparently networking sources of
informants and harmful or
regionalization between us we did that
we think we've got about 20 years of
doing land agreement which repeat it
does look like I'm an international drug
dealer when people give you this when he
watches well check this out where are
you going all these watches wrong I'm so
computer okay so thank you very much and
you as well thank you very much
these guys have got a bunch of watches
Quran even muscle these pair of you
thank you very much and then whip but
either roll orders watch you there oh my
gosh so get what
oh my gosh on top do that's so sick
the run is going to love that and our
graffiti on there is evil I never said
mr. Harper's got people to keep wrinkled
on top and I'm another fact about you to
tell
Oh let's move out the way I totally
didn't just done an on razor keyboard
but holy crap like yeah
have you decided not to mess around with
we've also done
that's amazing Oh stick the run is going
to lose mine this is the progression of
Luke's artwork from we first-ever dreamy
to Mars we stayed up to it in Spain and
now I'm going to sign it
oh my gosh wait let's give him one of
every pose done okay so I know one Nick
here's a chef and he's a dick Nick today
and this is a is also Nick right he's
now also a dick why would you bring this
there's nothing anything you're dead to
me
I I'd love to say thank you very much
for the pop finger but I think you might
be broken because it had it backwards
and then you could give one up yourself
if the bubble head wasn't good enough a
bag of Doritos that I completely crushed
to a complete thank you this was a Lucca
day that I cracked open ologist the
second place I would away it Jack
literally just brought me a fresh one
I want warm there's nothing going thank
Roscher
hi my name's dawn welcome to the blog
rounded garlic
this ball to check we keep our move
once we locked eyes
a liar
this is what we do with me but as I did
it well ginger midget check the sights
you made a custom guitar for Razer
bought scro in the dark so stop me from
something now but when you did white
watch hold on it absorbed it so check
the Razer logo I just let it absorb the
light real quick no so thick makes it so
get free reading all the body bag
electric train ah it's a holy fucking
shit
I was wondering right now like someone
gave me these knives but they're shot
with all filum how did he get these
through security
actually yeah two monsters the monsters
feel nice one sir my granddad
oh is it yeah one for me one for my
granddad you can badass anyway bitch
it's musket or not again finished it
will be sort of speaks upon me and asked
for another person a lot Apple the prize
goes gentleman absolutely stellar
stellar job thank you so much well thank
you so much really appreciate these guys
well not as dominant if you go crazy
about me vlogging something but that's
it everywhere is absolutely wrapping up
everything is shutting down and I 50 no
I 60 yeah lose my mind I fixed it it's a
wrap aww of a bubble security guards are
walking away with bags and syndicate
swag over the shoulder it's so adorable
these are the holidays that help out
with ice and we're wrapping out the
people going to just
they don't went oh my god look at how
many people it take to get the snow off
your uncle good job get up on stage do
you think I'll get a second Isis whoa
this guy's our camera
come here I'm very proud I get a great
job with this company you can a very
great job with this coming I'm very
proud of you
you've made a lot of people happy and a
lot people honor because you sold out of
everything cuz you're scum so fucking
good look what you remember what you
started with yeah we had pictures you
started intimate life from here
July little weights to light there that
was it and now she's got dick all of
these I'm so I'm so proud of you okay so
you guys saw me leave the hotel and that
was it I was done I was going home
tonight after the event however at my
house my swimming pool is broken so swim
pool the hotel isn't so what me and
Brian are doing cause he's here till
tomorrow is I've got an extra night on
my hotel we would just check it out
really so I'm going to the hotel one
more night we're gonna go watch custom
Furious tonight
and then spider as they were actually
going to have a spa de espana hot store
I'm like Ryan what the hell are you
doing here I looked over here boo boo
new Robin oh oh come on I literally did
the same volume thing two seconds on you
is still there now they just run up but
I blade I'm going to start you in to
vlog because your name is bladestorm
that is incredible you got a set of
Oakley syndicate I'm syndicate high five
and I will not leave your hangar legend
okay I'm max fast and furious
ten to nine or as inferiors normal 25/8
all right there we go
just finished watching fate of this area
I give a nine point five out of ten
absolutely ridiculously funny awesome
films but I loved it I thought the
storyline was solid actually really
really enjoyed it it was one plot tip
twist there's one plot thing in it
including Jason Statham and his brother
that made me kind of a bit like hmm
that's why I kind of dropped it down
from a 10 but really good film really
recommend it oh yeah he joking you've
not even got any of your food if this is
all mine this is are you great alright
so me and Brian decided to go watching
festive years absolutely mean that's
what we did afterwards we went got some
food TGIF that was great then we Greeks
ever announced was blown up to Cocina
we'll go enjoy it but we weren't going
to play much we started playing baccarat
which is something I played a long time
ago with Bowie and when we played it
mean boat we both from like 3,000 light
pounds and we never played it before
but as I was playing if you won enough
you went it into a raffle and we've won
a lot so in it into a raffle and this is
about a year ago now the year went by
and after a year I came back and he said
membership numbers I was playing and
they said you've won the raffle
now the ruffle was a win of a thousand
pounds this is this right but that's not
where the story fully goes Brian do you
want to tell the story of what went down
so the town was adamant of getting a
thing pretty much meaning a type of
where you put money down on this little
part of the board where if you got the
exact same numbers on both sides of the
two parts of the table you win a lot of
money
hello Emily and we spent I'd say about a
good three yes three hours three hours
running away one number is one number
one number 55 and we finally after three
hours we here to fight and we won right
everyone after the first time we won so
this is the winning every one but then
but then
look at they who happen the turkey this
is this is insomnia you're insane yeah
let me get this shit all because this
guy we spent three hours trying to hit
the number and we didn't hit the number
until then it was like you have to turn
this card over when you turns got over
it's a face
you win 500 pound fan so I put it over
we then redid the bat as a triple bet so
three times you mad money could be won
and in three games later we've spent
three I was trying to hit three hours
running here three games like within
four games week and then eventually we
hit us we hit it after three errors you
told we'd say great we finally did it
let's go to bed
insane yep this guy here was so nuts to
actually say here let me take more money
put it on that one spot and the odds of
getting it twice is that quick of a time
frame rule and we spent three hours to
get at once and it took him three
minutes to hear it twice and turned it
from let's say 500 I'm doing two and
we'll read that one one of thousands in
a raffle in the night this is your
thumbnail right there this is written L
holiday exhaustive but under rubble to
the logo so thank you very much for
watching and I just want to address like
um like money envelopes because
obviously like it was almost lunch and
stuff and some people like no why are
you showing off money sort of doing w
dick and never in my life have I ever
ever ever ever intended at the purpose
to show of money no any regards
whatsoever I just don't do that I never
have never been I don't really talk
about money when it comes to YouTube
earnings my heart but like what I go to
casino with other people you know tell
you if we did win off we didn't look
like we're in that sort of thing but
just how crazy that story was for about
honest me and Brian with that for three
I was straight trying to just hit it was
like throwing four hundred darts a
dartboard try and get a bull's-eye and
after three hours we finally hit the
bull's eye and then three minutes later
we hit it again but at three times the
value so just absolutely not so don't
want anyone to think that we were trying
to be rude or anything like that we were
just explaining the story and all that
book absolutely madness but I've had an
insane insane in some nice take day it
was so good to meet so many people I try
my best to me
single person I went above and beyond
like with the security and their help to
make sure I saw as many people as
possible so if I'm mister I'm really I'm
sorry because I know there was people
who had like trains to catch and
couldn't stay there until the very end
II work so I couldn't see them but I
really really really had an absolute
blast meanwhile and it was a true honor
to go to shake some of your hand and say
thank you for watching my videos so it
is now like five fifteen so I need to
get this vlog edited and uploaded so
yeah I've got no pants on
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
and I'll catch you guys throughout for
the next day at 6 p.m. so as always ah
God feels good
