it's 12 o'clock enough name I should
really get out of bed I am Bob overall
hopefully you didn't see me naked ah
I've got again haha P birthday to you
happy birthday to you we do this really
all right
I think that's right how old are you
today I'm Gerry 78 years old well you're
not me present yeah I know what you come
round for you're not a van as yours wait
yeah it's your birthday why are you
giving me a present
could you want me to join you because I
bought you a jugular oh okay nice one uh
what is it oh whoa where do this from
thank you you got this from Joshua yeah
make that well done it is like an
official jugular Jackie yeah and it cost
for Tommy but I can tell you that oh
it's it's perfectly Hollywood gun does
that's well nice to wit holy videos ha
who is it oh yeah Jagger years it's only
now is a car to go with it thank you
mate look at in what empty oh yeah how's
it going with it now we drained it we
drain it out because we smashed some
glasses in it so we have to ask you out
and now we're waiting to refill and I
think it's been serving up for an entire
day so far an entire day and it's still
not even anywhere near when you bring
you to the drugs up you've got ready
feet short skinny get forgetting hey one
thing I don't need to see give you naked
I would say in yesterday's vlog that my
granddad's got me something I didn't
have a clue in the slightest what it's
going to be easy
ah I am proper up through this made
proper ethics we could hear from ginger
yeah well different coming this is the
this is the shop extension extension
stood on the back
I'm getting all wracking putting air for
all the coordinates and screens on the
walls for the processing the orders and
everything got a bathroom in here
brick a swimmer got this women got a
bathroom what
rip it out the kitchen so we can do this
up nice and nice and modern and stuff
and then we gotta decide on a force to
go down and nearly floor
that's upon one go through that haunted
as a ghost that won't gun does rather
you know I'm very funny
okay on the roof which I treat and roof
and then this is explains how the back
okay yeah so that it's just like another
storage room for instance so you can put
like all closed down in it you can all
down and yeah I don't in fact vans on
the back vlog is edited and has 15
minutes till it's uploaded who is that
it's Steve in a suit how amazing is that
Gordon it Amy made it Nick and Amy they
gave it to me at the shell that I went
to you know down at Birmingham yeah we
had Lee brought this to me so I'm gonna
put up a mouth this one year ago today
we got the card did you did you finally
watch the video me giving it yeah what
you think
look it's been seen by live through half
a million people and we should you get
for each one I my body's going yeah well
baby bear born bollocks
from that than yeah did it make care who
think you think three million views
makes more money to buy buy a car and
what's with it
nowhere knit let me say this if three
million views pay for that bat I would
have bought you another caffee birthday
today not not so much five o'clock we're
going to the game of food food right
we're going for food but until then I've
given my grandad some money to get your
car washed then we're going to meet back
up our and tell me don't get some store
and we're gonna take a photo with the
car a year later and your yearly miles
if you don't know sure though show me
now so so now I have my Aldi two years
in other words I'm six more than how
many fights in your license of you guys
finish about the cardigan ready now oh
so you're gonna say freely so this is
gonna sound really really red but my
kind had got me this jacket right and I
wanted to reach out to jag you and me
like it's my grandad birthday is there
any chance we gamer swag Packingtown but
I never got around to speak into the
I didn't know his sizes or anything like
that so it was just kind of like a over
my head not going to happen but then
because my granddad yesterday went and
bought me this jacket from the Jaguar
showroom I'm like I had no idea they had
a shop at the Jaguar showroom so I'm
going to Jack your showroom now
absolutely swag him out for his but I've
already gotten like a little present
which yeah I'm assuming he will really
like and bought and then go to the
Jagger showroom now and just get like
everything everything - a car he only
got one of them Russia and of it again
thanks to you guys like you heard him he
bought me this jacket he said you know
this is thank you for you buying a tip
the carry year ago and I was just like
nah I love my grandeur to pieces so er
that's going to try and find the right
size jacket for him it's gonna be tough
this is the new 400 oh look at these bad
boys so obviously there's a Jaguar
f-type s VR which is 575 brake
horsepower but then they brought out 400
brake horsepower version of it and it is
just just a beautiful machine in
it Oh
brand new 2017 guys excited look they're
just so mean-looking ah
I'm tingling oh my God look at that in
white or the f8 SVR Jesus this is
exactly what I'm looking for alright
time to see what they've got my goodness
she's a beauty I feel like I've nicked
half the shop they sadly didn't have any
more jackets in and this jacket that my
granddad got me yesterday the guy said
he remembers my grandma coming in and it
was the last one they've had and they've
discontinued this range so I can get in
one next stop McQueen's the corner comes
I think it's these they look like the
same size yeah okay yeah okay
sweet yeah something I think it through
the same one but they do the same job
your job
click just the RTC Anstey kashi puke on
five areas my grand up there and we're
gonna do a photo shoot we gotta clean
these out a clearly scratching their
scratches what is he here
he's clearly bumped into something
looking good though wrestle it looks
very nice and clean very nice and clean
I paid for him to go on a bit wash but
got going to the photo shoot is it
treated you well the car alright it
treated you well yeah yeah I love it's
beautiful in it still looks like me
apart from what did you what did you hit
you want your own waterfront house
there's a step you hit the steps don't
stop it there's rust of concrete mark on
it yeah I got to get that what ticket
jogging just get it polished and they
don't yeah yeah boy up granddad would ya
give it a bump
alright I've got enough time to wrap the
present so good I couldn't get him a
jacket if I could have got by the way do
you I love that the relationship I want
to have with Jaguar is perfect it's like
like we like the kings of the jungle
because it's got the Jaguar which is the
cat and then it's the line which is the
car which is you know like we need three
one loss but you don't want it gotta
work it kind of worked out right so I'm
gonna wrap up my granddad's I got him a
Jaguar was it got a Jaguar umbrella
which you'll probably need this rain so
I'm going to take that drag your
umbrella I then got him a little
keychain through this there you go look
how beautiful that is
absolutely sweet natural it's the lion I
love that I wish there was still an
option to get on the front of the f-type
s yeah
and then I got a mug well then the guy
said it is birthday so they gave him an
extra month so that was really really
nicely go right got these are do is wrap
them up and you know how I'm gonna do
that with nothing more than tinfoil and
if you wonder what I actually got in I
got in this really really nice book from
Selfridges which is like you know all
the pictures of like all the fancy cars
and all that sort of stuff and prints to
just look at could be well well into his
vehicle so I'm pretty sure this book I
truly can't wait to see what his
reaction of
thing this is going to be this is this
is the best way I can think of wrapping
this up as a price on it no stuff but
it's going to be like oh what this
what's this
I think maybe if it opens up like the
Jaguar keychain then he may get straight
away that this is going to be on the
umbrella but you know I would look not
to have gotten the just cramping down
like that I would've loved to have
gotten the matching jacket right nine
book he said like I said they've sold
out and I think they've actually
discontinued that kind of jacket self
and I've try to speak to my peeps of jag
want it got any you know any stock of it
left around the country book there we go
what is going on I've told them to sign
a card and you're all surrounding my car
yeah guys yeah no I'm just filming
random children outside where I live for
the record I know these guys that sounds
really weird cool ball mud come on
are you hungry not really
that's not it that's not the answer I
was expecting I'm freaking starving
I've been waiting for you all day happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
you 78 years old happy birthday to you
we've made a gun dad time to pick up
Alice but we're inspecting our car
because I mean once you are crushed into
is seen as a dumb person it takes
looks like ass I don't see no damage
debt collectors go knock on the door
she'll be less perilous we've come for
the cat we want the cat don't we yeah we
want the cat back hi
well that's just looking stressed we've
come to collect the cat hey hang on I'm
gone
grant give you a check oh wait we did
come to collect money off your buddy's
gonna give you money instead and do you
get your cards have you read it what did
it say birthday no what is it down the
front read out
your chauffeur your chauffeured King
awesome get it in you get it no you
don't you know get in here Oh
do it fast sit fast you're so
awesome right now get it
Dickens okay bingo you get it
hey pops again source overcame your kind
of let me read it to you you're so
 awesome
oh good Oh show me why is it sitting
around a Shelley camera shake it
Wow I love that you I think my dad would
go soon
yeah grandad take the coat off your
present Saraya and we go please don't
fall sorry yeah okay
xxx country devil
oh yeah Jagger exhales go cook don't
cook your own car on it no look a cup on
a canvas cook you get that contact
attractive table ever come on each other
I got that that's nice about it we might
actually the practice is to get English
not joking it's it's a puzzle rendered
can you get in
no okay yeah then she have enough
it's twit this dog in January and that
one's a gift from Jaguar like that
Jaguar themselves gave you that visitor
yeah thanks very much thank you
I owe you one daily ball one of them for
each oh man well I don't I don't own a
Jackie with you I you do hey I'm not won
yet
uh-huh show us heylia logos the jugular
cousin Bob you know you like it huh yeah
and now my thankful I'm not letting your
gun then I'm not letting you unwrap this
one yeah but can you guess what it is
he guess what eyes does it all it can't
touch it take a guess yeah I got it
what a good guess what but please go
away
oh no no yeah open this one up you
sausage I think of jag do a thing gift
or something hmm this is social blinded
by the light reflects nothing or again
tofu soup
Oh Supercat all the car it's all the
supercars I exist much enough don't know
a book a body right I knew you wanted
I'm really going kid
ever looking for the right one for you
so I was gonna grunt it I was gonna get
you one just of jugulars but you've
pretty much seen all the judges like
this sounds like super combos thank
alright and then what you getting this
is how could you hit you it's just put
like it puts so much simpler London
start the countdown do it is that goalie
it's abroad I actually really want to
get one of the use of myself but I don't
want to jag you it well it's somewhere
you wanna go exactly
well uh when am I going to get my
jugular yeah I tell you what Grenda when
I get a jugular
you're allowed to buy me rallies all
right you wanted to buy me one of these
I don't want to judge you so he didn't
look Starsky gonna put on at earrings in
charge now Haeju grandad Dom like it
looks neat that done it well proper
shiny
Alice Alice is in the middle of a
restaurant and she's using a mirror
which is on the wall over there to do a
makeup will see but a little rock Alice
after dying but in capital city but oh
my god mixed grill this looks amazing
you really not ain't what you told my
mom I would because you choking on this
looks man I'm sorry but when was the
last time I went to the cinemas because
I just found the piece of popcorn in my
wallet we can give it another tip what
gun dad's off and get restaurant thank
you for the food but I'm sorry for
leaving you with my tinfoil we're
totally not relate to the game is that
they no way Daniel I'm throwing you know
what what slightly to give you a
birthday card Daniel thank you so much
wasn't expecting like more than three
people but luckily I'm in solitary alene
I saw a lot of people thank you so much
and you got yours even better
you're all dead to me hey what's
happening and people giving you a
birthday coming you go producers that
you sell gifts yes happy birthday to you
happy birthday King Jordan
happy birthday to you hit one for good
luck I'll be vertebrae it's almost like
I recognize this clothing like you guys
were surrounded say hello okay
hey people brought signs and they
brought signs in style co coral hey
thank you very much - bring it read my
side there's my thanks go coral go you
can do it you can bring you back oh
nothing
everyone is not logging everyone tries
to be my camera my economic policy
survivin George oh yeah oh yeah nice and
cold look at your gun dad please okay we
gotta see oh my god first anyone know
calm down
who else is gonna roll it all down good
open that's it wrap the drone over al
counts trying to get a penalty on this
already but but it still need three more
yeah and there you go that is what how
could have one but unfortunately it's
good after the live show final score and
I decide we cry every time yeah serious
well I'm not going down good luck oh we
dig that trophy yeah I got totally yeah
hold on line no we aren't still love you
mate
I'll smile
did you enjoy cheering you all game we
love you mate
everyone in come shake need undertake
you've all written it absolutely love it
look at him getting these photos this is
so nice
calendar you are like a flogging a soda
real good you go it was so many people
look at they the love and support for
girl everybody hey guys thank you very
much for coming to boy cow
I'm gonna go to bed now okay bye let's
see you got a guitar that's yeah hey oh
nice you got so many people to it up to
see Enya just really again all those
let's go to Bose because you got right
in your life well in your life maybe
maybe you're looking crazy all right
well let's go of it absolutely she did
oh my god gets good time he'd see on so
you saying I got some nice buns yeah
that was me that that he brought your
card no thoughtful in it
absolutely brilliant by coral fireless
by alright time to my granddad oh all
right time to drop you off at home yeah
you had a good birthday mate alright
let's get you home hey there's your
cards right okay you know I got oh I
don't I didn't buy you a Kardashian well
I think one was enough right yeah we all
right to me laughs um so um thank you
okay thank you for that jacket really
welcome like I said don't forget there's
one more present for your birthday but
when it arrives it arrives for didn't
have it okay so we're waiting for it to
get delivered I'm so damn tired today
hot chocolate it is but that said I have
like a cloud I'm like a comfortable pod
but either relatives will go so thank
you very much for watching honestly
thank you to ever and turned up to the
football game and if you like what
football game you missed it I did a
random
secret shout-out to like the event
saying if you're here and you're free on
this day turn up this Football Club and
a bunch of people did and it's really
nice because we send em happy birthday
boo rotten cards I took photos you
people some people travel from like for
our way I was a way to come and say hi
and it was really nice pleasure hanging
out with you guys so I didn't get more
time with you but you know I did go
there to watch the football game in
support Cal so I couldn't just sit
around the entire time and talk to
everyone students construct game but
nonetheless it was a really really tough
event so thank you very much for turning
up that side lot of errands for us with
nature a little address and subscribe at
our sedan tomorrow for the Ducks day
live like at 16 and as always haha don't
