eight o'clock in the morning
why am i wake what is with my hair I am
now and which ever bird is up there you
you little crap stop taking shits
everywhere it's just aggressively unfair
I have met junk junk coke chunk chunk
chunk okay Tom McCallum is a little shit
he has brought back the money the money
the money that I gave him and through
his house he brought it back so I need a
suggestion of what we can spend a
thousand pounds on and don't say for
charity because I done wanted to stop
the charity this isn't the charity this
is for the man the myth the legend Tom
account so give us some suggestions of
what we could spend a thousand pounds on
Pitamber column that would be meaningful
not a waste of money and he will truly
appreciate as a gift comment below now
oh and by the way if everyone in the
government is like 100 zero some 1000
pounds good concern in the comments
please explain why I'll just pin your
comment thank you I has to be said rudy
mancuso
Mancuso Mancuso good you can tell I
don't usually say his channel name often
it's probably one of the most talented
youtubers I've ever seen and if you
haven't checked our stuff there's a lot
of musical stuff amazingly amazingly
good also I'm waiting for this to
download oh my god the variety map pack
for college ue modern warfare remastered
so hopefully it doesn't take too long
and I can play a little bit of it before
I need to go on bomber several times
before need to go buy my sister a coffee
at 10 a.m. I still got it when it comes
to the duty of Carly to this if you play
called you you'll know this is an
impressive score 40 and 16 that's pretty
good survive 10 to 8 in the morning and
I've got a video mate I have got my vlog
uploaded don't worry that's not the
title and that's not the thumbnail you
to kind of edit this together but there
is a successful win I'm tempted to just
crack out you know doing tons of videos
in the mood for it bought I'm going to
set this to render and go I get a coffee
drop it off for hours and maybe if I
come back and I feel like it we'll get
it done because today but adds that day
so I mean Brett paper up
nothing paper in before this render
takes like five damn hours oh you know
what not too bad that's alright for a
I'm like 16 minute video got damn now my
problem is to work out I'll have to get
a thumbnail for this video cuz that's my
one thing of YouTube after six years
YouTube hey Ally age you'll make fun out
of it I knew you took 12 pounds a year
to make some good for me no really I
please have you ever needed to wrap a
birthday present and not had a rug paper
scissors or tape then all you need a tin
foil wrap perfectly okay I've got that
one more thing as well and then we can
go to not Ken to Papa in the bag or you
cleanse as he laps let's take them known
have arrived at pumpkins with the proper
presence here we go here we go here we
go here we go here we go where is he at
oh the quickness I lose you morning
morning happy birthday good job you feel
old you feel old me yeah no never for
your to only peace never feel to all
what you get actual high-five okay yeah
good hello oh hello Eric Eric nope wow
you sound right but I did not bring
right you open this this one first
official to us is it
yeah yeah oh oh look at this new office
ain't you know they would read my body I
could do it yes or no you yours no no
big money that is the power cable okay
I'm okay love it well yay humming it
literally reasonable I'm joking I'm
joking bring anything but I told you
like idiot make open up once you go hey
yo England
seriously what it it's even raining on
hailing right now it's just really
played great dad what is going on it was
supposed to be sunny for your birthday
to go down to stop it again what
happened maybe it's just could be a
light sprinkle for the morning the tart
ice is chilling in the rain God's Spirit
taught us Godspeed
when we doing source I'm Meg next stop
stop oops
third poke third to massive massive
fresh bird poopy I need to cut down that
tree outside my house honestly I
would've done I honestly would have cut
down that tree but the tree had the
preservation order on it which means you
can't touch it if you want to trim it or
something you have to get especially
still coming be like with a person it's
like so when the birds just sit in that
tree and just go screw you mate
and then alright listen it PC will
Carissa whether you think you are a bit
of a USBC cable because that's what I
found out I need my GoPro that's the one
3.13 cable
sweet no hang on a second that actually
isn't the right is it no that's the
night this is micro USB that's the wrong
one cable okay next thing we'll try and
get is I'm pretty sure I need to buy a
Philips hue hope remember that like that
ball I realize I can't control it well
yes because I need a whole ball
I don't know we look from I take it back
it wasn't a hope it's a bridge
I need a bridge and this door doesn't
have a bridge e that I swear cuz this
place never has anything I mean they
very nice Jack your holy crap oh fuck XS
max J down nothing looks like some of
the Queen would ride around it wait a
minute I just I think I think I'm just a
brain fart
I think I've just bought that cable that
was the right cable but please don't be
please don't be a quick that's entire
time I'm not filming bike rides or mall
bike rides or anything simple because I
don't recall and my cable this judge has
beam up fucking yeah is there nothing
that I should know about
there's anything else oh wait a minute
temple scratched out that one at least I
have a spare one but oh my god I got in
the car then I was like wait a minute
didn't I always used to keep a GoPro
charged on here just in case the answer
is yes and you know let's go to
Starbucks I am expecting this to be very
very busy
oh wait a minute is empty I was
expecting a place to be round it's 12
o'clock lunch time so I was like
everyone's gonna get on the work Greg
rush to Starbucks get a bit of exercise
in at the gym and then because elated
off the fucking tip that's not stay stay
stay
I'm just she'll just did it last time I
forgot the bumpiest road in the world to
get someone's out as well so let's get
to syndicate Reginald because apparently
there's a disaster happening great they
survived
they actually survived oh let's go and
find out what's going on so you normally
go in and broke the bloody off the cunt
shit
put your window down what you done what
you done have you done yeah have you
broke everything
why did you break here five to our
powers inside in the cappuccino phone I
bring you coffee
I bring you fuel
big problem solve I sit I get a nice it
there's a new office
oh this is this is the unveiling of the
lucien to this office
Wow all right yep okay so loads of
storage space
yeah Wow oh it's grab a couple the
police no one else there is
oh wow both Cougars well so what exactly
went on today one day that's what was
wrong and will happen on the moon I came
to work as well yeah there was two men
dead gasps no electricity go into the
world and then you all place all of your
orders on Friday so I'm not I see not
that I know of
yeah well they were so excited when I
came this morning they were there two
guys Brian and whatever the other guy is
and they said did so what'd you do to me
what you did can't all for me at least
at least I can sunbathe in the office
knowledge is great what are you doing I
didn't know you're videoing me again
I'm always video brother back Andy Jimmy
Crocker hmm it wasn't like hard time it
was like when he literally run all down
my saw Aldama jeans all in my hair Al's
on my shoes I even attached but I'm
gonna give him no context to that clip
and just leave it up areas what a large
iron beef it was like it was that and
then I just saw the little finger the
entire way was like yes hi everybody
good to see what I do
I'm so for you're about to go clear
editor no I can't find out for that kid
me if you want to speak to us
you have to scheduled hello oh yeah Ken
oh I needed to tell you something
tightly oh no joke happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
happy birthday to you happy birthday
happy birthday to you uncle I guess
every day I've read they can always done
it dad the crash the car in exactly we
loved it in this it original office
I've got no electricity no one is going
like oh my god this is like smiled out
last this is spooky
tip she locked it oh wait I can see my
son today I might be reflection yeah
oh my god so spooky Oh Pookie oh my god
make the head away um look at the hands
aware update myself god it's hot in so
on I'm gonna get you so good you have no
idea how on it so on the property we
spike scary
do you know it's so on that you have to
generally watch yourself I'm gonna go
above and beyond to get you back now you
have to signal what shows up the new
office is fully operational just
accepted our first delivery standing for
what was it sample bubble wrap
for cases I think thank you every Drive
appreciate it
written by toybox that one thing that's
another way you saw 519 in Jaffa
Lily broke down labor the cases then you
bring them down labels and then you
print them out they'll bring a label
down to the other feedback on the kumite
be buffered again in buying picked out
that let go
that was really good well then what we
volume would like are you fucking
Facebook so offended but if it last
night well smelled okay oh I do go
better got workout Melba game LG this
this is the shit have to deal with what
I thought that was more you okay you
know easy are you so cute ohh oh look at
uh she got all shy ladies Ellie gather
it do it this is sophisticated
do you guys actually have jobs or not
why are you even here well you know it
work no matter what you in my office
I know so I'm really going around right
there's a nice girl York sauce ended
with light always stopped me dismal but
look there's not yet praise your gal got
another expression area face but
whatever yeah somewhat it up
love you bye oh are you doing to me
leaving you actually know what would you
really please what is wrong with these
Mary's everything I love it don't think
like oh we're gonna be three minutes
every day you win oh why you bite why
you might oh don't go into Larry a
friend won't be long till I see you
again you still doing it you're doing it
okay
I'm um
no music this is the last the lab father
Richard knows and look at with children
and we got this another I'm somebody
that at work mom oh you do
this is someone who would mirror our
office really this is legitimately the
office for the day
professionally our Molly frail yeah
you're always going our way that's also
do I think I'll go get some girl risco
also cake for the cap today we're using
the bones as torches to go and get the
cook like items then bring outside
package to send up a syndicate original
is the most dense wave on section is the
most dedicated teaming we came down to
it this morning
anyone would have gone home we have
still worked between a house and a car
and an office have no electricity to try
and get your orders dear mother I think
for people to understand what we do we
need to do a tutorial of one run of
inada okay let me get out cap if you
want an iPhone 7 okay
yeah she wants an iPhone 7 case boom
extra large of seniors Park is the
venison heart all right
this is what we do within the regional
alright sticker oh casually dress a
dress a touch phone case waiting I
already got one and that goes in and
then I fulfill it on the app but well as
let's go up I can put it in the back
sure we bring the back no no not like
this oh wait and I wonder we walk it all
the way fucking
I've got natural light an autumn and
then we press the back but that would be
more efficient so bring the back outside
unit and we throw all the phone cases to
us there's no light in back now yeah and
then we go back to the car back me up me
back to the office to get another label
let me get another label and put the
audit number in here I think put the
auto number nerve yeah and then a table
what would it is what do you need mom
for Brad Thomas and Brad so much like a
small men's insignia on an iPhone 7 plus
cake we go again repeat fine yeah we
don't you to do dishes because all the
power's out in there so this is the only
place in natural light so we have to do
it the whole way but what you thought
well the wait wait for the record how
many orders did we got dude right since
this is not efficient that's wrong yeah
no props to you for doing it but it's
just not efficient now I rolled my car
off so I could sit here plug my phone in
and play music because whilst they're
working there I could just play children
children Karen jazz move on perfect look
at them walking out with retard Truffaut
yeah like it literally is full pitch
black in the actual full offer so I'm
still being the DJ I've been the DJ for
the party up in the DJ protect me if you
have received your order for put Auto
Cox shipping company female today you
don't know look you are
I'm so tired all right my office has
been improved I've been given some
chocolate a custom syndicate egg thank
you very much I appreciate that then one
of my mum as well so I've got this
opened up with a meat in it I'm actually
helping now I'm putting the phone cases
into bugs so now my job is to take a bag
and take a phone case and put it I then
remove the blue sticky thing you mean
Giggy yep like that and then hold unseal
there we go whoever this is I sniffed it
now it's time to do this 100 more times
how do help hard you try it's simple you
grab the case you pulled the lid you put
it in and then again and then you get
the blue top toilet pull it off and then
good I could do this I could
legitimately do this as a job this is
customary having a real job I've bagged
all of them in like five minutes I was
so fast I find an efficient way to do it
and Alice
trying to start engine turns right
running
the Baxter gone flat she didn't she
didn't enter engine and she just at the
music on idiot and just like that I've
done all the Samsung s5 look how many of
these blue things are strapped to my
crotch
y'all stacking stuff no I'm not ready
for the next what I've done my job for
the day I've done like 200-300 phone
cases or somewhere it's all going up now
yeah like my mum's back the electricity
I did Alex me about the supercar can
work Oh Alex you were supposed to turn
it off you idiot you keep it running
just keep all of those that revving oh
not the rubber gloves and everything
I'll tell you myself
okay sorry just leave it just leave it
just just leave it just yet leave it
yeah leave it it's now charging your
battery yeah just leave it that's it let
go of everything
just leave it let it charge hey yo
perfect cheers boys
I've been stuck there all day looking at
my car being Phil fear of the road
little bit of the road is it god damn
car wash so I'm get my car washed and I
think I'm going to go for a super wash
pre spray traffic film traffic the heli
traffic film Oh traffic film remover
sponge wash and wax window screens
inside door cream dry-weather tyres
China window cleaners outside social
call detector standard five pounds
fucking screwed looking like new she is
looking like new nice and shiny
I think the bird poo poo has down god
damn I got to get these tires Tannen
look look at the scratches I've been on
these wheels
what about learning the like my
stabilizers my first ever care about my
first data set wheels about stuff the
next pair I'll always take care of what
all the blue is gone there's a good
hammer it into believe there's an
electrician in here somewhere taking
care of that situation so I'm going to
rock and roll
I'm gonna go home make sure my
walk and everything is done even I've
uploaded it and stuff I want to make
sure everything goes smoothly my mom has
to wait here for the electrician to give
it the all-clear and it's working and
fingers crossed
tomorrow everything should be fine with
the office ball it's just the scenery
the sooner we move into the new office
the better oh this is why I love the
life of Tom Paige because everyone's
been asking what you do reduce word this
is the the syndicate project one this is
still here but I use this kind of like
for my gaming like what I say my game
and I posted the picture Pete okay then
but this is like I kind of treat this
like my personal Facebook page like I
try to like read all the comments
everything I read it a lot to comment
just I just like go through and just
drop a like everyone so honestly to
everly wish my dad a very happy birthday
I really really appreciate you guys are
absolutely awesome why the hell is there
an Amazon package here that has been
there for I don't know how long because
I don't know what it is I don't know
where it came from and it is a no from -
Tom I thought this may come in handy
when you cook from your grinder from
joepie huh the the beginners cookbook oh
thank you Joe
appreciate that cheesy beef burgers when
I do that might decree me fish fry like
that crunchy crunchy cheese on work well
stuffed pancake hell yes oh my gosh I
like this book I'm so tired but I've
made it to my destination I just know
I'm not my area of destination this is
where I need to go near the BBC I'm
looking for a restaurant called Cowell
and I don't know why that requires a
thumbs up tall cowl but it's not felt
like cowards oh stop show you however if
you like to take a second to enjoy this
architectural
can beauty beauty I think that's a
national national history volume of
something not too sure what that is
oh that the wiry center and then over
here is that the BBC and stuff college
can run it and we risk it
I know y'all made it cross I don't know
why I don't know why I ran that I wasn't
that dangerous but we're going okay is
that going I'm going count c8u I
personally would pronounce that calm I
am easily the first one here and this is
our table and I think we're gonna leave
while I ten minutes or so because it
gets all draft intercept about Bob
Decker I don't have the glass now
because otherwise I'm gonna fall
okay okay this is what I'm talking about
let's see status to main some beats some
bunch since I just and Sunday roast but
I know I'm a mean place but I really
want seafood so off seafood stew with
all of mussels from all its forms full
of beans okay that let's can go serve
with coal Oh Cole baked flatbread I like
this I like this a lot
you weren't supposed to see it why did
you watch it
so three or four people say give it was
given an explanation well three or four
people click you like ow you've got the
rise of anything thanks guys oh no about
we're going whispering chemistry usually
predictions over the hour so I watch the
ball and then Alan came over there it
available Wednesday 7 o'clock today
funnel you know I know we have a good
effect if you put the cookie challenge
I'll watch me fuck you ducky town in it
steak steak seafood because that's what
I do all right
I want the good luck hey what wily old
fuck
oh did you think on that summit way
differences why is there a chain on the
door and why is there a mirror over here
that looks really small and really spot
them really small I know I'm really
small and really hot but really small
really five like me
big guy what exactly are you watching
mrs. Brown's boys you give me too much
everybody's heart broken losses from
your dog like a loving man is very
averse economy you can plug in lucky you
want now that's why I'm vlogging bye
hey I'll tie this on on video for the
record I promise for a zero and safety
pay now I'm nothing--nothing legend
chamomile tea no I made these videos as
memories results but nothing he wants or
gonna watch you ever want to hit oh my
god I hope you are right I tell you what
I know somebody who isn't watching it me
cuz I'm on it Oh way to make me feel bad
something Cal are going I have no idea
ken where we going ken we're going duck
bar
dick bar this spot money's not raining
someone's coming down right there and
you check out this dog is this where you
sit here and go wow wow this is the
moment what are you saying
what'd he say JWoww the bar no no he
said yo I go where the fuck he saw
Miguel right now just go shout out what
the first angle I go just look at this
view Wow Oh Tom McCallum this is why you
are part of us having me you're the
absolute raver of the boys can know it
to see him again be two-on-two baby see
me you here we go tried to take your
photos and I get the fuck off me I think
camera like a small child
see what are you doing just go home
already
what high-five
I mean oh I thought you couldn't do the
who you waving up I thought you're going
to have me off eventually after all that
I usually cook myself super noodles but
I've got sense these dummy ramen okay
what I cook them and whole we shit I
might throw all of these out and order
10,000 packets of this because if you've
never had this in your life
it looks wave if you cook it the right
way look at it like perfectly plain
noodles but for the most flavor some
noodles I've had in my life and I'm
having like a moment right now ah the
noodle something straight to sleep my
Amex is that exhausted but you know what
to do daughter today so I need to get
out of this bed even though it's
extremely comfortable it sounds like
there's a Harrier Jump yeah triangle my
house oh I need to see what the hell is
going outside apparently like a storm or
something happening which is like great
news to wake up to but thank you very
much what you guys make sure leave a
like crane thank you for the love you've
been sending my dad over the over the
over the last like 24 hours for his
birthday but after imagine guys when
this vlog goes up tomorrow on the 26
it's my granddad's birthday so I'm not
too sure what we're doing about that but
it isn't the my grandma's birthday so
I'm looking forward to go and seeing him
and celebrating with him so until that
Oh got to go tomorrow this is the oldest
trip to your oh gosh lekha sorry
