so it is
Wow the perfect way to start a day right
Tom MC we mean it's not like Family Guy
it's ten times better bond again promise
you and then we're going to a cricket
match okay okay well don't seem too
excited that I just find out that
cricket matches last about four hours to
not know that before sponsoring a team
he ready yeah you are you coming on I'm
gonna give up you come on you've never
done it before
no tell me some you've never done it
before I'll place it down the road and
back I promise no a father they can even
pay me two four six eight ten thousand
pounds ego the comments section can
leave me alone now thousand pound bear
paid in full - Tom McCallum agree deal
there you go not happy about it because
I don't think he was good if you're
wondering why to give him a thousand
pound he drank this like which was the
concoction of the most horrible alcohol
in the world and I said if I give this
one a thousand pounds if we can do it
and Tom neck the whole thing so slow
that oh my gosh what a nice day what why
I'm even wearing a hoodie Tom's refusing
to take this and take it
now take it you just shook hands and
accepted take it off me take the money I
said that if he doesn't take the money
off me I'm gonna drive around 2000 for
his lap box is having this morning I
couldn't convince Tom maqams got my bike
so I've taken it to my dog instead and
you're painting your face for
some reason right that's for that and
he's refusing to take it off me
I don't know why stupid but it is what
it is I mean I don't a ship in these
lads know me I'm assuming you're waving
at me guy buddy sugar dome is like
alright let's see what I get here I get
and no faintly aunty cash
oh she don't need Mayfair's other one
when medium-soft ring yes i watch this
video some guys often in a thousand
sound a new human nothing but I get what
I get sense Church but with three five
two hundred five pound experience
this it's on account of how s-- sides
this area has random air show but it
don't care could you move it out okay
Tom's will live down the road from you
no joke is moving down the road miss if
you want by zelgius to sale hi guys
welcome to Tom's house it's really nice
house it comes to pictures of old ladies
it look how nice this house is it's such
a really nice house by the way like
really bad second place of mine
I've been naked rap you'll have some
source of it all by but you picked off
but then at least least you're honest
with yourself calendars but I'm gonna do
it properly quiet so you gotta get your
chicken somewhere you got to put money
for first of all many look at farm bit
of moisture param is this time they
really just spread it every yo oh that's
nice alright there you go so what you
bond up your partner's first map and you
probably have good very nice be fried by
Fantastico never server important
stackable check them get most tak√°cs
they got full voiceover for biblical in
the other corner its okie a and then the
oh boy should come with it
yeah really more foldable yes but like a
proper wrap Becky we're looking for
company me I don't see what you guys so
fold it up like a brisket brisket
it's that good my phone fell over that's
pretty good
come on I'm sorry to do this but to
ensure that you actually keep this money
it's staying here we're going to accept
it I'm going to keep throwing it in
parts of your house you dad's gonna
think you're a drug dealer
I'm gonna I'm going to put in your car
exhaust when Jen yeah hahahahaha cool
prick
there's the culprit that keeps pooping
outside my house I'm on to you
I'm going to tell Brian where the hell
it is lot come from it's a horse convoy
sick oh my god also over because when
that tail I will bosses I don't have
anything wrong with horses but when
horses take dogs outside my house in a
huge amount they should pick it up if a
dog who is you have to pick you up
so why the holes on the road again
alright I'm probably like a third of the
way beginnings where I need to be hope
they don't get hit by a car that would
just not be a be convenient in any
thought away but I've got a ride all the
way from Hadley to tint whistles some
Google how far actually I don't know I'm
not sure whether about go to or penis oh
no that definitely pays otherwise that
is a lot of dirt but I made it anyway so
this do I need to go I'm going to be
polite and go round rather than ride on
this stuff
I made it so that's a win and look like
as a pedal bike over a cabbage ring look
cows already played and I think that's
count there with a green hat yeah yeah
ah okay that song
I've got admit card you watching as well
you look pretty fine that outfit
cheering you know favors that go on
looking it's so proud of it so proud of
sponsoring the team
wait one of you guys actually does have
the syndicate logo on this but not all
of them what feels like clearly
you look amazing mate
this is my cousin Christopher stood over
there looking like an absolute like I
can't count on me Christopher's good to
see you buddy hey
whoa come on oh there's this what you
want our job you couldn't place it
Ellis completely baby look so you
like including your mum hello Oh what do
you think awesome it's been in it it's
so good it's like literally like
cheating
wait Christian nice hoodie by the way
like stuff
let's Christian Christian what do you
think of the bike in it sing be waiving
all right I didn't want to do that to
him but I decided this you're
dead to be a break this is my cooking
and then this is my uncle come here
uncle are you doing uncle wah you can't
even really know they only alopecia
you've got an hour piece just about that
crawls on his head like a caterpillar
and then that one day's got half a half
an eyebrow one day's got a half an
eyebrow and then the other days got no
hair but is you're so involved Colin
wait that wasn't it yeah it's a win
yeah it's a win I think it is it is hey
hey I don't know no she's excited come
on
regeneration yeah okay you come on I
really like your shirt man let me see it
looking good night first game of the
season plus win
Steph guarantee defense will indicate
regional quick how is it I mean no good
anyway we thought working on it
I feel like a bit witchy that's what I
say right jeez makes you just hold on it
can enjoy going downhill you got to
struggle going up make sure you press
that Pablo and set it off I've got to
get home on up I'll explain the fine
John right so the first point were
igniting the right if you're in the
right kit so for example with a new
sponsor ready you had to pay 25 P to
this year and 25 years of pump which you
weren't matching all the other players
ossified who are in the old technique
50/50 and then the players who are in
the old kit because they didn't have a
new we're mapping over do they have
to do the same
I mean if you make double can be made
today so far we've got two 11 pound 20
NFL about frequent and then what would
you do with the money at the end we all
will recording about energy in roll
paper last year 220 quick small holy
whole kingdom how do you feel your first
victory watch come on yeah when you
clean a table eight talk to adults
Jonathan play cricket think you could
dentures are critical
oh if you're alright you want to come
out oh yeah the good old age of 18 you
all just come drinking I'll be as many
Saturdays I can just a drink so fake
cheese guys
Kleinfeld this is tint whistle criticals
so this is the visiting team i let me
take you in here this is the home team
this smells like sweat and this time i'm
behind
I've never been in here yeah yeah yeah
I'm leaving you in Assoc birthday I got
you a special shot oh my father all of
the above
lastly we need each other again I read
your book it's got its got Smirnoff jab
a famous grass Bacardi I'm like they're
drinking right cuz I did are they I will
repay me by
why you some clothes don't you got a
small child about your mother so stop
dr. Gerstein captain hey hey sex-bomb
sex-bomb your deck fall you can give it
to me when I need to come a long thick
pump is exactly what I need in my house
watch you push this in and then what
close it and then don't be lost for a
minute this is going to save me so much
time enough
holy as a grandpa and then you
slide it out and it's it I think Eddie
please Eddie Christina holy she's
amazing that took literally like a
minute and I meant no holy even
right I have to put mine on for a 30
minute washing my own great what
was the best part of the night well I'm
sorry I don't just have my phone filming
in the dark I didn't expect it to fall
over yeah you're gonna you get a tattoo
someone's driving why are you filming
her in case she falls over some light
you know bitch have you had a good night
great for a gamer
why are you blind either Wow let me hold
it look at the ha yeah gay
professionalism so good for good first
yeah creepy very what it was really good
that's a common trick I'll get back when
you get home
don't be your car car they don't tell me
didn't mean to accept Google image
tiller giggling nice boobs you have real
boobs
what off Google Images anyways Jamie's
fault games live well hey James James
your fault
James would hide everything would have
been 500 CC's phone but she died so the
light right out oh hell is going on
there yeah just looking that is like Oh
Bella is like these are balls of
them oh oh wait this guy's been pinned
on the ground good I'm watching with a
kebab yeah ha ha ha I hope you know he's
like nah got someone doing some
iteration did it bounce it on top of it
Karl
I feel like Alice you're not staying at
my house okay Oh what is it the doll
it's a new day I've been setting my
castle last 30 minutes editing today's
vlog because I want to get on my day and
I don't want to have to wait until six
o'clock hoping that my vlog Google lives
so I've said it I'm gonna get it
uploaded I'm gonna quickly go see my dad
and then hopefully going to the to
follow that centaur but I hope you
enjoyed this vlog it was a bit all over
the place because cricket is a six-hour
game and it had to kind of document it
because after time I just wasn't paying
attention like I'm supporting how any
team I I don't actually know how cricket
plays but I can't be cheeping that
difficult anyways so I'm gonna go now
make sure leave a like rating subscribe
I'll catch you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next daily vlog and as always
honey oh good
