help shit walks good morning
kitty go to see the people with their
sledges okay okay well you know what the
weather is up so you know okay this is
flickering light you ready no more snow
seemed to come down so that's kind of
this point I was really hoping for like
an extra snowstorm started like go out
in the defender and stuff but I hope we
drive I don't know what's up and that
may be because of the wind or something
but we drive started to clear out as
buddy awesome well the defender is
probably staying there for now
no more snow has fallen which is a bit
sad because it's all just gonna get cold
and just become just ice instead of
snowy so I cry but it is what it is and
the other bike collides a lot your
riding today
they would want a snow walk and like
March over to like a pub that's like on
the other side of a hill somewhere and
I'm just like okay so what cereal would
you like my lady Coco Pops okay the lady
ones Coco Pops so she gets Coco Pops
mm-hmm we chose it is mmm yeah you know
what it's for nighttime first game of
the day first game of the day you're not
warmed up in the slightest I'm gonna
play for at night and I'm gonna try and
get w that's who happens thank you very
much Lydia the world's thickest bacon
boy oh is it I got it I wasn't actually
expecting that what a nice surprise
thanks baby
nearly six o'clock I managed to get a W
and oh my god was it in style
but I'm rendering out tomorrow's video
so once that's done I can't to upload it
gets me proud but nobody taught us win
for my face you know is it's Friday
alright so Friday you should go a biking
but we're not going biking we're gonna
want a snow walk now there's no walk I
don't know what happened to the snow
walk we were supposed to go but it
didn't happen I don't know why
everyone's bailed we were all supposed
to like go out like warmed up and like
cruising through the snow and like big
snow drifts and stuff bought instead
Rogers got me another pub for an hour so
that's one there's just something so
satisfying about once which snow in it
like being the first to put your prints
in it
Oh trouble yellow snow yes please look
at this
oh yeah fresh look at how many cars are
crashing but if you skip one minute
ahead look at me watch this bun come in
a second this van can absolutely crazy
and ruin everything
wait for it this this guy is like yeah I
managed to get in front of someone and
you ready to go into this car wait for
this trolley that is absolutely chaos
absolutely chaos Hey
I've probably got about 30 hours in too
far I'm waiting for come I'm not waiting
for myself by the way
by the way do it behalf of a pom pom
that was a real life I have a pom pom
huh but uh yeah wait to Tom
he said he was gonna come pick me up in
his Jeep and take me home but he not
arrived yet who is this Tom Tom just Tom
Tom Tom
nope you actually can't be so you know
like keep saying his mischievous bear
while listening to the fender you show
it respect like you respect the vehicle
I'm stood outside there for like ten
minutes my where the fuck is he so I
ring him and his ignitions broken he's
fucking big haha
I had to last I probably shouldn't say
that camera I'm running home literally
in the cool got home a whopping thirty
five minutes late but a shout-out to
monkey man one two nine five eight two
months subscription it wouldn't it
acquired with the one month subscription
Michael Rosen three three T with its
primal and SX Omega
Widow
smuntz very nice I just managed to get
myself a twin but the hype is so fucking
real now boys thank you
eternal dexterity Icarus Charlie mod pay
earned Jack mayhem thank you all for
subscribing guys you're all legends
every 115 I give away a free t-shirt so
shout out to all these legends right now
three two one the survey says Dean
Roberts 7 congratulations male began
that's what you even give you a free
t-shirt literally just got twitch loved
you Tom Hale Dean thank you very much
for the support my you just want a free
t-shirt three two what the server oh no
way no way by the way this is nothing to
do with like simply original is not a
twitch account or anything five indicate
of zero regional so syndicate original
the the chances of you winning a t-shirt
Ahmad so congratulations you weren't
yourself a shirt syndicate original what
a fuckin name three two one oh no and
the winner is April 1814 much love to
your face three two one survey says the
winner is Alex rich congratulations mate
destroy myself free t-shirt so like when
I stream and stuff like that you can
subscribe on youtube videos for like
absolutely free and when you stream on
Twitch like it's a completely free
service but a way to support stream is
by subscribing and in one sitting my
high subscriber like amount was 724 and
we've just passed it the hype in the
chart Israel it is now 241 in the
morning the chart is still bearing with
me and mercenary gaming 0 on Twitch just
became my 900 subscriber in a row oh my
god thank you very much Z skins like
subscribing adults at welcome board a
thousand subscribers holy shit Edward
conics thank you so much for being a
thousand subscriber chase T thank you
very much subscribing 1001 and to Sofia
gifted a subscription to Holly in a row
I've been streaming for like ain't god
damn hours holy shit Oh bro now
is little better titty the number
doesn't even fit inside the box oh my
god the hype is real easy look closely
that says 553 in the morning having
myself a bowl of cereal that's not what
I needed
having myself a bowl of cereal because
that was a long-ass dream and I need
some breakfast awesome dinner I actually
didn't have any Maine dinner last night
I just stream throughout the night and
just kept going and going and going it's
now 6 a.m. how its message your sleep
schedule water one for the same time I
had so much fun streaming that I real
feel really feel back into it however I
was gonna stream tomorrow but because I
put in 8 hours today I think it's fair
to say I won't do that
I'll spend the day with Lydia or instead
so yeah man good vibes book my kitty cat
wasn't here take move under the bed
oh yeah it did where is it you know what
I didn't actually expect to be this
fresh this morning I woke up at like
1:00 p.m. in the afternoon which is it
was pretty pretty late there's
definitely a snowy fog coming in but as
far as I've checked on the weather
forecast no fresh snow is coming down
yeah honestly thank you to everyone with
like all the support like game back into
gaming I'm trying to post every other
day in the gaming channel and I know
like when I post on the gaming channel
some people then don't watch the vlog
and some people watch the vlog like go
and watch it like don't watch the gaming
video and stuff like that and I totally
get it but I'm trying to post every
other day to the channel so far it's
going good don't get me wrong every time
you upload a video like lose subscribers
but the people subscribe to me for like
called you eat minecraft zombies and
that sort of stuff and I'm just there
posting for night which is what I enjoy
and I was a bit of an odd thing to bring
up but my passion for YouTube was lost
because every time I uploaded a video
while I was losing subscribers and
YouTube for me was always like a game of
like gaining subscribers and growing the
channel and and seeing it grow and like
that's my passion and and just and
having fun with it and rather than like
having that like control my posting
schedule I was like you know what I
started YouTube because I just love
YouTube and I love uploading videos and
stuff like that and I love like any
response from it like even one person
like one comment as saying they enjoyed
the video so I just thought rather than
like letting the the kind of system
control me I was just like you know what
I feel I posted I'm gonna post and
that's why I'm back to posting so really
really into it
every other day and we're trying post I
do not want to miss and every other day
upload this Mumford yeah thank you to
everyone you like yes no really trying
to get back into it I'm trying to find a
happy balance between you know like four
I can get an getting out in the day and
doing stuff doing a little bit of gaming
and then streaming like at night so it
gives me stuff to do in the day stuff
for the vlog and then I can still
streamed in my game is so if you guys
bear with me like the whole balancing
thing like yesterday I was room for
eight hours which I shouldn't have done
it was only supposed to be two hours but
it is where it is if you guys have any
suggestions of what I'm doing the UK
because I'm trying not to travel too far
afield if anyone's got any suggestions
as to what I can get up to you know
leaving below I actually hit up Joe sugg
the other day I was like yo dude how and
this this is a bit strange because I hit
up Jonah's like Joe let's just go out
let's buy like really cheap cars and
let's just like doing what almost like a
Top Gear challenge but it's always
something that I've always wanted to do
from like a kid like get a car like even
paint it with like wallpaper paint or
something like that and then put
spoilers on it embody kids you just have
a challenge and then at the end of it
Destruction Derby the cars together like
me versus him Destruction Derby now the
reason I bring this up is Joe is like
that's funny idea and everything but I
saw a milliner well I'm a so Wyatt
I saw a miniman got a new smart car now
I don't know why I got it I did watch a
bit the video but I didn't listen to it
just because I was like I was editing at
the same time but he got a smart car and
I like I think they're like doing it up
what was weird is it like I think what
they're doing this kind of like
upgrading it and pimping out and
everything la is exactly what I was
planning to do so I'm like tempted to
get in touch with them and be like yo
are you doing like an upgrade challenge
thing to your character if you are I
want to do it and the car I want to do
it too is a Mini Cooper so he has a
small smart guy I was a small like Mini
Cooper like like one of the old school
in school Mini so if he's doing that and
like having a bit of fun with it I'd
love to I'd love to do that but at the
same time I don't know what his goal and
angle and like plan is for it so we'll
just have to wait if I don't know is let
me know know down in the comments and
any minute if you up and see this let me
know if you want to have a Destruction
Derby Mini Cooper versus smart guys
thank you very much watching make sure
you leave a like rate subscribe I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for next
daily vlog just hot EOS whoo don't
forget I will be streaming tomorrow from
7 p.m. until 9 p.m. on twitch.tv focus
indicus or
see you guys there okay I will not be
late
