divisive a launch Duchin let you guys
know that I have a brand new Facebook
page not that I don't use my old one but
that's for gaming and stuff this one is
called the life of Tom or actually it's
just life of Tom go and follow it linked
down in description or just search like
a Tom and Facebook and drop a follow
what are you doing here yeah giving him
a buncha care have you moved in or
something are you coming here for the
weekend sounds like a few things I need
this morning that one includes a book
but the problem is across my charging
cable so I don't know where to bloody
catch it yeah where is he my baby she
ready
she rocking she rollin fire up
become what you cost me five pound 81
beautiful since she's a beauty beauty
now I've made it to PC world need a
GoPro charging cable I can't get one I
can't film yeah and keep a shopping at
PC will courage didn't even put the
other did and go try a goes look at that
having short hair whilst riding with a
helmet he's actually okay you don't look
so tail even though I look tough potato
looks like it's gonna rain
don't rain won the bike that's not fair
oh my god we get angry
I think it it was happy today
today six o'clock we thought the new
insignia no I'm about you know boom
she's alright I can play I'll show it
all in a second but first of all let me
just see through I can't guess what I
feel difficult
good job all right mom introduce what
all this is and hello everyone these are
all the gifts that Tom acquired from i60
at Artman once already
oh my goodness me all the artwork all
the top figures are the letters to
everything it's insane you know yeah a
lot of it this is what I'm trying to
show off the i60 track you nee talk
about phone cases
look how professionals you try to put a
piece of paper with a bouquet Claude
city's original og shuffle doctor I
really have the most caring funds now I
can't believe all this stuff it's being
real it's absolutely real thank you so
much chocolate which one when I was in
Italy well after all everything anything
best thing out of all this is my first
DVD coming out named s we haven't told
me guess
do some father giveaway loses now give
it to charity mom please your small skin
I okay and they tell you which ones I do
and don't have all ever we have to the
same so that one get ruffled up a cherry
I have a monkey bump I have a toasted
monkey bomb what the hell I'm on my way
give me that boy
I've got Harry Potter I've already had
that one Wonder Woman I think I've
already got that one the rest of them
gone I bought the way my favorite yeah
that's so cool the Wolverine one oh shit
I didn't see that
that's the tyrant that someone gave you
I can't find it when they told me about
it that's sick I got even more of the
big ones I love them
oh but I need to open the YouTube box
for the record at these events I don't
ask anyone to bring me anything even the
watches I don't ask people try to do we
love eating shit alright so I'm gonna
open this which says Tom onyx so let's
get ice very hot down there maybe a bad
woman oh okay
alright I'm opening it what's in it what
is it what is it what is it oh it's a
photo frame it's three photo frames
hmm Oh first one is Oh
me and my dad I'm sure she knows what I
actually look like Oh a picture me and
work so I got it did next one is not of
me 11 personally to death ah the last
your parents know me I would go home oh
thank you so much was her note with it
there's no no oh whoever did this for me
thank you so much that is so so nice of
you guys
I'm gonna I'm gonna cherish this forever
I'm so much I table awake up to not
that's my bedside table thank you dear
and Alice is gonna collect the next
fucking show me doable thank you so get
me all right sorry Jesus
I'm gonna chop up some blunders sure I
know what it is I know what the change
wha it's that goosal shit makes it on
Instagram frame three please open camera
funny funny reaction video come on oh
yeah giving you Jenna skies of sky them
sky this is it oh it just isn't right
don't do this thank you thank you thank
you thank you
alright oh my gosh she stinks yeah so
this is you guys were explained with all
that slime she made me tons in the face
like something I think she has an
Instagram why she spelled it that's
right I hate what she fucking it
duplicate what do you think is not a all
right I'm red
okay bagging multi thanks Thank You down
Azhar
we got the latter this Superman I don't
can be sick
oh my gosh candy sticks a lot of them as
a kid Oh gold and glittery dude what is
it it's that you don't see me play with
that glue still black sticky stop oh my
god good pink gluey stop moonin
skyline's on a thank you
yes no it's a glitter glue goose of our
kids are visiting us and then this stuff
Alex place here it's okay
and then somebody's and candy and stuff
but know what it is despite my I'm sorry
almost on the compilers ago was it did
you better row it down at moons and
skylines if you go and find her
Instagram and when she makes them sell
this toy store so like we're giving a
commis big yeah moon and skyline did you
guys on Twitter and Instagram if she
sells it oh my god
oh wow weird it's two-minute clip any
plug it let's play out pull out ah
the success that's actually it's so
satisfying no one's not that sure thanks
once again uh an arrest oh oh why did
she throw me off I feel weird
Oh Oh Amy oh shit oh he's being shipped
you called true exact sizes millions
gallons
I just asked their Instagram name when
she told it yeah no oh but I'm getting
out of here this swag is amazing I have
to come back to my Karen pick it out so
I can take it home I'm gonna put all
these pop bottles on my walls
I can't wait to do that but I need to
rock and roll because the blog needs to
be uploaded in an hour
and I've not loaded it how are you
standing up why are you doing
oh she's a beauty
I can't believe I'm about to go out on a
bike ride and because my phone's got 70s
in battery I have to take this look at
the side of this thing I've got no other
small portable chargers ready to rock
and roll and my GoPro battery's dead so
I won't be able to film a bike ride
unless I use this so I have taken with
me so let's go oh my god where is d-a-d
BAE's all dirty I did not clean it she's
not clean I'm scream again
I've ha ha my horses ready for night I
tried I totally can't film because my
GoPros not on my head to the vanilla and
then charge it like a sausage but you
know clever whilst we're riding of the
hills because I'm going to let your bike
I can just do it with ease so I'm sorry
riding 100 uploading yesterday's vlog
hoping at yet upon sandwich the chances
are not going to happen for yeah yeah
well you think you're getting out Mimi's
calm the hell down look at you you was a
well fat little pony well not well not
as fat as that one over there I'm at the
Shetland pony over there are you looking
at have you seen Brian my mate yeah this
mission this donkey cuz cuz him in this
donkey does not look at using me
whatsoever who's gonna go now and action
doing that doing that fashion was brief
are you glad we go hit the bench oh I
count four hello there hello are you
going look at it you know I don't got
any bread but shoot and I've got bread
oh my gosh the mums like worried all in
May that is so adorable
oh the mums like what are you what they
get away from my dog oh I'm not saying
like so annoyed with myself today that
like I've been on a motorbike which
would have been sick
GoPro voyage and I'm out my bike which
would have been sick go pro footage
brought nope three GoPros X batteries
not single charger to charge them great
I remember just decided that seniors are
I'm basically cheating riding an
electric bike
why the hell should my dad after carry
his backpack I could carry a spare tire
for him so I'm carrying the backpack he
said he's perfectly capable doing it I
just figured let him enjoy the ride and
ride free basically feel like if naked
on a bike and I could carry it all team
father and son teamwork
I don't know this happened he swindled
me of my electric bike this is so much
what do we have to get up this hill I
can't be that if it's all Mike oh my god
I only make through what I got it I got
it I want it back I only made it like
three feet no no this is the hell Amani
channel I'm on it a lot yeah
and don't get run over by this bun to my
right in three two one
we stopped to the air now for a quick
Desiree and it was like Jesus quite a
single single fuck yeah literally but no
daylian here
the aliens have arrived faster you're
gonna watch my bug for me I'll let you
come to my house and use my water to
wash my bloody bike I mean your bike you
don't even do my bike you know what get
out of here you're bad Lana don't you
fight dog first off don't fucking get it
no is me hey hey Ken you're welcome
you're welcome Ken you're welcome dad
yeah I got get off my drive never never
come here again love you love you say
you love me oh how to clean your bike
like an unprofessional oh yeah good fun
it not even gonna sprinkle it down with
an again literally Oh anything like this
I'm literally just going to spray water
at it in small amount the places and
hope that it gets cleaned okay he'll
know what makes you think that at least
at least one person turned out Cheers
good good to hang out with you once that
let me just film the DJ its popping in
there
we've got a DJ in the corner you didn't
spin in ball and the light from the
feeling we're about to get fucking turds
boys I have to neck my entire drink if
this is what you said higher you saw in
there
you both cook you see you feel like we
should be congratulating summer calm on
a new job some welcoming your new job
yeah that's a mine oh fuck someone who
can drink a Jager Bomb fuck I appreciate
that
Oh what are you going keep going come up
with by the scrap net I will we're
playing snap on a night out but it's
aggressive snap the loser had to take a
shot of Jager Bomb oh my god one two
three four five six seven cards down
going down gasps what the hell seven now
the rule is if you great if you please
snap you have to put the amount are down
and the deck not under slicing sorry
also cook you know all right you guys
are going to God come on right yeah all
right light it like a bike the voyage
God and object the card go down
ah this is looking going fly this
cockeyed approach from video was it go
on technology that would indeed that way
it was not good
kill me now now monkey now five Cisco
and he was that without my plane against
me
you darn it uh groans evil guru done
gone down if I come back look back how
do you say oh my gosh you guys I love it
come on man open Oh
hold this on the absorbance no that's
what I do
seven six five four day one we regress
Christians I come
good night our or not it's dating here
I'm bloody freezing I can read this
thing this thing smells so refreshing
I like I've got a tampered on my nose oh
shit we're not at some point where it is
actually hide that scar wait should I do
a photo shoot with it it's hard Assad
but something you're about to live down
the road from me yeah we're about to be
neighbors you know excited yeah because
sleepovers and watch us kids what why
not is consisted of so men's days about
it look but when you take a wet cloth to
a chalk wall holy shit look at it
what she disappeared I'm gonna leave
fuck you just absorbed it what could it
go
that's insane no but it all disappeared
we go look tada so are we ruining the
wall what I don't
it's mother oh yeah separate drive you
got children is that when it's drive is
the morning after the night before
goodnight have you ever done yeah I'm
dying that was a very successful night
of drunks nap it kind of escalated
didn't it someone ended up not olives
but someone ended up fighting outside
the pub someone nearly got a tooth out
with a smashed glass and I was like I
just always run of that so we rock to
roll home and it was a great that so oh
yeah now by the way we're not at my
house retama comes out and then i'm
going to a great games day so it's might
as well you'll see me a cricket game in
tint whistle so which is odd to you guys
faces makes you leave a like rating
subscribe i'll see you guys tomorrow for
the next day look at 6:00 p.m. use my
uncle no smiling no sorry Elsa what you
know I hardly say it say it you did the
movement no not John Cena in it do do it
and I just and I just say I was our own
good on all else look
