today's customers from new Hoodie those
if you wanna go get it go get edited you
will get focus to the or I thought it
already for not even it's another
description good girl it's the vision
that basically translate to the new
hoodies available on the website if you
wanna go get it go get it and also the
new phone case is available to extend
the scripture group can't go on like
this any longer I just cannot do it I
woke up with no circulation in my arm
whatsoever I must remove the respect
yeah this isn't gonna work
mm-hmm wait there don't fall there we go
this is more like it this is more like
it in 3 2 1
but Wow holy crapola focus yes that was
efficient however hot thumbs
I'm so sorry guys I completely forgot to
take off my monster cock thing and it
got snapped and I kept blush haha
yeah well forget about it fuck forget
about it okay I guess I'll take any
money listen here what a tea for two now
oh my goodness let's find out having fun
down there yeah little bit let's go you
scuffle in the right all right all right
let's do them okay we've got build this
up so we can put a lock up on this to
make it look a little bit darker yep
but uh teamwork we did it yeah yeah yeah
don't go pretty listen you pop a hole in
that feeling the whole thing that's the
smile because it's one it's a piece of
plastic that came from the side of my
coat and then the used hair drives and
he is to stretch it and stretch it and
stretch it stretch it and stretch it and
long it's just one big reflective
surface kind of cool name is Tom and I
own a farm because that's really I'm one
of my puppy okay but let's take a look
at my new trees and you might be like
Tom Wade you got no trace well as you
see here need please right now a big-ass
trees and the growing and growing and
growing look at that the succulents of
the tree now however you'll notice that
these trees are a little bit shorter and
a little bit different visa varieties
it's really that well here died once so
I put in more trees marker this house
look at it from the front it looks small
and nimble from the buckets like a swirl
and biking there this is my little farm
next to me well it's obviously not my
father but what the work is this but
what is that I have no idea what the
fuck that is would nonetheless this is a
farmer and that's what ricky hatton
lives
the boxing legend of the village and
this is my Christmas tree and I actually
bought this house this tree was in the
bottom of this garden it was robably
like this big off the ground and ever
since I've been here it's growing like
that on one day it will be magnificent
later and I will chop it down in Ruby
your Christmas tree even though it's
colorful not pine syrup but not a
Christmas tree but whatever what
actually keeps asking me for kind of
like a house tour still and I'm like you
guys have seen self so much around this
house do you really what high if you
really want a house tour leave a like
rating and I'll do the GoPro on the
forehead but like the super wide view
and I'll give you all look around it
okay so leave the like rate in now
no suicide note to everyone who's
amazing at designing you did such a good
job coming with the plans to the front
of my house you know the garage
extension that I want to get but welcome
to my garden I've got all this space of
a garden I'll measure out so you guys
know exactly how much space there is but
this is my garden right and I want to do
something with it it looks nice being
all grass but I want to make it like a
featured garden like with like a water
fountains in it are a little
oh no come on trees whatever I just want
to do something with it Kyle this looks
really nice and nice and then this looks
just perfect but I want to do some new
it because I don't play football a lot
of kids you need a big open grass
section to play football or anything so
I want to make like a really really nice
tranquil garden so if you have
suggestions suggest Ken what are you
wearing me around to the round Ken oh
you're wearing glasses
so you're wearing like protective
goggles no sir mmm we're good sir
making my data fresh coffee wasn't
working on my house my pool needs
cleaning so he's gonna get done all
right
my vlog is uploaded I can leave let's do
this I need to get my ass to the store
and get myself some boots buy boots I
mean shoes buy boots buy shoes I mean
shelters by child abuse I mean dress
boots that go I must marry Chelsea thank
you I don't even know if they're
actually conscious yeah chose to do the
trial instead then and we're trying some
like very woman I don't know about them
probably not fortunately did all of them
in stock in my thigh so I have to take
that puppy boots obtained seem to get
home and get changed and brush down to
my dad's house to then travel up the
funeral look I'll explain the situation
to you guys I think after I get back you
see when I think of an Audi TT
that's the Audi TT I think of which
looks absolutely sickening but then I
see my Audi TT and this thing will be
did such a good job turning it from like
this bubbly looking nice cars or
something just mean and aggressive that
I have literally six minutes to get
changed into my suit and get out this
house otherwise and be absolutely and
you do not relate to a funeral ever
alright I think you've got everything
think I'm ready to rock and roll let's
go pick up my dad and that's okay want
to say I did my best to look as
respectful as possible my my shirt that
I usually work for funerals and stuff
end up being like too small for me now
it's grown out of it so I go in whole
thing share and try make it work very
smart like you
I'm driving obviously I won't be
vlogging now guys we're going to be
meeting up with Calchas cows there at
the funeral as well and I'll catch you
guys afterwards so okay we've just
finished it was so goddamn emotional
every funeral I hate them I just
absolutely hated I got my dad with that
give me a tissue you've got to make it
before it closes are you doing you're so
boring
you're so boring what's the boring man
you definitely have smiling you can
definitely outsmart me shoes pants
jacket you've even got a dog feather in
there out of Hope or something
I think and hair that looks like a
potato oh the extensions beneath on
buckets yacht room one room - you got
any lights in again I'll fucking darkest
ticks here does the room in here none of
them work glad we've got lights who like
it
looking good Buster board up deal I mean
looking after neat spacious I like it
Ken I like it nice little space for the
desks and shit they're not I came to ask
for a baguette not to get my hair styled
that's what you did to my hair it was
bad on our you artists
what are you doing hi Lydia hi where's
you cook it you're cooking for us
tonight was it's Debbie's Carl's mum's
birthday today
where's my what unless we you sweat yeah
well are you doing to decide fuck it
I'll take your measurements but no it's
a slice enough for me
Oh Oh just had an admitted it one went
right here this is the preferential
treatment we get here yeah you're good
master so they mean the Nats of thank
you joke I'm so annoyed with how long my
hair is I'm going to my village barbers
while serving drinks at the bar I'm
going to even get a haircut I wasn't
messing around i finishes getting a pint
in and I'm getting a haircut so please
don't make me bald try my best man you
boy oh we've all it goes blue neat
they're all just going down the corner
we didn't even get to see them they just
they just run off from it didn't love it
I'm gonna try and leave oh my god
there's so many the wind took every
single one of them balloons and went
with it
lesbian air but now we've got cow eating
my hair cut smart you did it Shawn about
Shawn did it yeah Jason Oh mate now I
tell you what it was changed shit about
you Oh mate your overall runs that can
to get that thing fucking washed there
you are I'm not doing with it but I feel
like I've used the wrong gel because I
use a powder stat aura so I'm not used
to like a wet ex look Jay look Cal you
dumped a look like you well now I'm
choosing you
Oh keep your hands on the fucking sewer
I don't ever do that again
I guarantee dick meals be ready for 55
minutes and it's way over could you stay
for an hour because apparently it's very
unstable and you at least come in at a
low tone well now you've Walsh even dogs
late ha ha ha will you stop waste up
something stuffing something
love it ok but I gotta fall you might
give you pain no just don't drive it's
fine
I didn't find it my vlog where I
like to apologize for yesterday's vlog
having the title of image 118 dot what
the fuck
mean car were driving here and I forgot
my vlog with schedules at 6 with one and
it's not six minutes plastic strap I
community an alternate no I'm going to
come to see the supply I'll be back at
the I'll meet you there
it's cars mom's birthday so I'll meet
you in an hour right okay plug in a 1
said let me just get my pint back huh
I like such an alcoholic there's nothing
we're going to douse how many bits come
in Tommy
God you looking smart oh I brought your
barrack ok cheers mate I brought it away
from the pub did ya did movie no what
are we having oh is it hot I kept buying
absolutely buying them they're my
fingers you bought dumplings yeah you're
gonna make grandma's dumpling yeah well
to me they better taste as good as got
my dumplings otherwise I'm gonna peel up
they will I believe in your granddad I'm
glad I caught ya I can tell the lot of
vegetables going on a go and then
where's the meat all those meat Merson
me Oh what is it so long so I'm saying
what will the alley open-cockpit
incident gripper trying it on grilling
it or whatever
mmm I good at bar tongs about the pull
not with - now there's a steak that's
pretty good
get sexy you can walk was gravy there
that's the gravy yeah okay there I shall
serve you grandpa bottom really yeah you
go on top it's all gravy you can spoon
out I'll serve you agree that that's the
gravy
that's not my way all the way oh let me
cleitus me all right hmm
it's me good okay got it
I went for steak last night yeah and I
gave that a six out of ten
yeah this is easily an a pause this is
so much better is that good
and Don slaught too - I was to do it to
me this is so tasty you've done a good
job in me probably too cool to cook no
boiling cat he is too hot is that
yeah when I don't you been cooking if I
do well with Claudia Alice bombs the
flavor in this cauliflower you have put
punches Holton doesn't taste it
god that's good what do we say the
highest I've ever given you food is a
seven are you ready for this you getting
an eight point nine right dude after
nine close to nine 185 time all right
that was that got higher then a
restaurant I ate last night that my
daddy gave in tenting with look at it
London look at my plate I cleaned my
plate I cleaned it small I'm gonna do
through what and that was so good
could I know back to health and
happiness are you wobbly in sideways if
you had a pint yeah but you've not
brought the glass with you we're
supposed to take it back to the pub no
do keep in the by glass
you bloody swindled also cool story that
used to be where my mom walk that was my
mom's old house that room up there was
my bedroom from being about twelve years
old
they've got Marquis exactly how do you
know they've got a mark in their garden
from our rice bloody spy let's drag him
out for a bit
I just can't catch a break I carry my
granddad from a house to the pub i down
with Sean ah the absolute legend and I'm
doing ashati with him so yeah you can
bugger off you I asked you for a lift
from the great and you said you were
going to Tesco I'm going and I said if I
see you again I'm going to push out that
wheelchair that I wasn't you for watch
yourself boy Debbie just what we had
your bait so this is Tom my my arseholes
frozen well I'm your language i things
like good for you this is very good
oh it's all good
nice man high five love you nothing yes
good that's the airplane very much hey
come to the most open it open open wait
you only open the alcohol show the
goodness why they so promotion model
yeah why what were you talking like
Waianae high bar
Oh peel over there open the hook goes my
breast hey Ali
I brought underneath right got it look
if you got brown me move oh no no come
on
that's mine oh hey Duke you sir sooo
cute
I actually feel really bad about my gun
now because I just went and went this is
for you anyway only comes you chuckle
and I took the chocolate off him and
then he look really sad yummy you can
either buy another unit is - Wow
oh fuck outdoor happy Easter to you what
I need to spend on it we're going for
you you grab the fucking toy what was it
it smells okay what yeah yeah I'm sick
yes never acting with you again Jesus
sir
okay what was it a butterfly right what
always funny other blade yourself that
you tell Cal why you and me all we have
dinner together now telling my high ORAC
use it to only keep the to know what I'm
doing that's written Savi bomb now this
is the speech so I'd like to take a
second it's said right here and how I
became the Debbie Legend of bel-air
Debbie we love you happy birthday and to
health and happiness and the many years
ago soon wrong is
gentleman thank you very much for
watching we're using the reflection of
the screen to the other did what are you
doing what but I want to thank you very
much for watching make sure to leave a
like rating subscribe and I'll catch you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day
Levon and until then I'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you before I go don't
forget the hoodies the brand new
syndicate went live today for your face
is Cindy original dull link in
description and if you want to get a
phone trade show via kTVK if you want to
get the Insignia phone case which is
available now now now now now now now
now now now now now
link in description now as I see on done
no mom your turn yes find it now mom as
I George Egon hey mom
let's working on
