oh man I'm not bad I'm not real tired
despite air this morning no no dust in
Harry's you know why cuz it's obviously
I can't really so much in the spa my
blood Bridget did we go smoothly put
that because we're in the hot tub
outside and it's just as that if I
started walking naked dudes walking
around me I don't think that would be a
cool idea but goodbye hotel room you
were great yet again look after yourself
good bye nice checking about this nice
chocolate brown it's almost like I had
one on Mossi Brian yeah nobody back and
unless our neighbor
oh the bar danger time to come back well
that's great we came here to get a
massage at the spa and the book till 5
o'clock we then thought suck it anyway
this is accusing or community the
jacuzzi proportion jacuzzis out of order
oh hey Brian come here
hey Brian come here Brian Brian come
here latex where did you see that no
right a bit right a good right of it
right of it back a bit
that's come by Kate oh yeah the hot tub
is working not not not hot but it's nice
huh
jump in Brian jump in or it's guys but
it's not violent
because what's warming in the pool swam
in the pool but it could be hotter right
yeah then that well alright so as you
guys know I have no problem like kissing
a dude any more lightweight that is the
way to thing ever but like it I'll kiss
anyone just simple because it's like
it's just a kiss it means nothing but
we're star in the hot tub with champagne
looking all romantic for his vlog but
then there's a woman to the side and
Ryan went in for like the kiss and I was
like yeah sure why not
kiss and I looked right another human
woman just look stared at me in a
judgement so I studied I saw awesome I
love my hair tutorial what oh wow the
power means wear a hat oh there goes oh
well Brian you really fix my hair
situation
if the microphones working the next time
they'll feel but I'm not going to kiss
you this ever get out of here Brian miss
cow this is exactly the sonogram food
was good
they've now time to head to the train
station and see which trains are
available for me to get myself back to
my chest our exit change it's now time
to hope that my train ticket actually
works to get me home at any time in the
day it's an open return ticket so I'm
feeling positive someone
it is currently 280 and my next
treatment of today was going to be what
form one to fill yeah okay I can make
this bag where do you think you're going
home network how is she doing
was she good nice she's MOT now is she
and you cleaned it yeah look at her
she's coming back spic and span
nice to see you don't oh hi mum hi
Thomas have you oh my god she's
beautiful I do not care what answers I'm
going full comfort mode hoodies on
should really wearing jogging bottoms
but I'm wearing the easiest and got is
and another thing we do quick is how you
get around in style if you see my bike
is built in to clean this thing I mean I
missed the bike ride sorry boys could
have joined you with it but I was too
busy in a hot tub all morning and I'd be
rather stuff in the hospital you rather
have inside a hot tub well if you
weren't going through ellebra you could
have used mine today book no no you go
forward yes Alex bro wearing the good
care why not wear into the commercial
hoodie
Gail why you're not wearing a cynical
oh my gosh there's a hole in my downtown
look Josie he's ripped out all the units
everything looks different
oh it's putting up market everything
fucking smells amazing
whoa my office has changed
oh yeah but the blue tack from when I
first made YouTube is still on these
walls for some freaky hell but oh my god
this looks so fat
look at you you fat little booger I want
to go get happy for you
hello hi Steve any Rhea I think yet so
you just smiled I feve it's me you Tom
do you remember me you look like you're
sat there emotionless and depressed
because you're fat
can you name Steve Walker there's a
little bit here a little grip is so cute
is like the most adorable is in the
world just a really healthy dragon
relative really you just going to be
like that I'll give you a compliment
even doesn't make I brought you out so
we can save okay you're so fat
look at the site coming up you don't
don't defy me come on he's doing a sort
and cuddle you all right okay fine
whatever come back from i60 we're met
loads of people doing fan out the
union's before that and I come back and
all you're going to do is be a little
rascal and try run away from me
it's not my fault you got fat steep see
but it's not my fault you got fat you've
got Facebook facts that your fat little
lizard now right you go walks you
exercise so when I say you should say we
should probably wait on it cause it got
you know oh oh do you actually ask you
to super healthy dragon really
good-looking bearded skin looks really
good one thing we do need to do though
you know what about say Dona me to trim
your nails you've never ever ever
trimmed it now so when you what I've
kind of read about and listen to is that
when you remember that time when Steve
just keeps scratching and scratching and
scratching scratching or what it could
mean is that is trying to actually get
his nails sharp because they're so long
as so sharp so
we could actually work to trim them book
and rather take him to a vet and get it
done professionally so I don't end up
hurting a little like nerve endings that
can like ours and so much pain isn't
that much to even he said yes am I going
to get the right shoes to rhombus no
girl you got the point of the watches is
to send the watches to run because run
fixes them and plays with them oh how am
I going to get them to run oh yeah so
you heard this is none of you I have no
idea
well wing it we might have about 100
plus watch it I'm thinking the way we're
going to get them to him is post them in
sets of five and just pray that a few of
them get there I'm similar to the most
interesting of the females so the the
came house has got implants acts so I
don't know Steve why you looking so
suspicious male I'm trying to make my
dinner my bhaiyyaji my dad's really not
have you guys I'll just leave but my dad
doesn't like animals being at the table
so the rocking star now not only tonight
you would get a nice cooked meal off
Gail botanical cooks is lazy suma that
can just chicken dishes all satisfied we
also got an Easter egg which is probably
the only Easter egg I'm gonna be able to
eat because the amount of people who
brought me strings at the event was
amazing but the amount that I'm going to
eat is zero because Alice took them all
back to our house so and only brought me
an easter egg I appreciate it but I was
definitely angry Jay well mark can spend
up to two hours a day eliminating just
in his living room
Patrick's going deep she got really
shall close babe I'm sorry care we were
just talking about privacy was on my
head they just slowly falling and coring
into my face can you even adjust or do
something but this does not feel
comfortable in the slightest forms thank
you
we okay there are we good there we do it
Steve
we're good Steve here is your Easter Egg
hey there we go thoughts and opinions
Steve what you think about no I get you
it you want to give it one eat it save
it
what the hell you dropped it even it's
been fun hanging out with you but you
get a little bit chilly now so I'm gonna
put you to bed all right it's your
bedtime it about an hour anyway so get
some while so you get some sleep okay
alright time for the ride home look no
hands
that look be proud I'm saying that
before I fall off my bike and cry a
painful that book on the bike on the way
home I am honestly doing a whopping 14
miles per hour on the bike if I crash
right now this would be some hella hella
road rash
oh but we got a stop sign coming up
though or a giveaway fan so oh thank god
I look Jesus I would be nasty point it's
a new day it's a new dawn so I'm going
to have to end this vlog now ladies and
gentlemen I hope you had a nice day of
me chillin with Steve it was a very
relaxed but it's do-nothing day exactly
what I wanted to do and that's exactly
what I did as always thank you very much
for watching make sure leave a like for
in what the hell happened here
oh my trainers my charger my passport
everything is every so basically like
reading subscribe catch again tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next game until then
we're simply faces and
