is Kleenex and come again this she's
fully bore my thought and all my blocks
is yours what the hell I know too many
this may seem like a simple thing but to
me this is a this is this is like an
angel has entered my life my mission for
today is get some more shirts from all
things but right now have to go me open
up lectures because we're all getting
ready mean a bunch of people like
30-plus to go down the black ops versus
LA Kings garish kitty I got my Jersey
ready rock and roll and hopefully the
Kings beat the black ops because if they
do cover a little extra space but I spy
with my little eye something beginning
with loser so we know of a pretty thick
Greek restaurant yeah oh yeah so I
haven't had any breakfast yet some
shaking li hungry and you feeling a bit
nervous about today no not really
sure after that 0 & 4 terrible wash you
took against the duck okay it was pretty
bad but I'm confident shouldn't be oh he
busted a moon farmers market I think I
think I think so I think I can vouch for
this place it is pretty damn good I know
as soon as I speak
the food's about to arrive I play that
right now but I'd like this place is
great but we've been waiting half an
hour for even a starter mmm you're on a
date with me because we're a small table
and everyone in my comment is always
like they would be there's no God
Lex what were you dating no oh great
okay we can put that to rest now thanks
guys I appreciate on being savages in
the comments what on earth is this
cilantro no I'm sure it's all you know
I'm allergic to cilantro and water
I am allergy it isn't doing that mmm
to choose this aisle by the way weird
thing goes right through me like what
the gulps kind of active we just taste
i'm sorry i'm sharing this information
well not very intimate smooth tip to all
of them little bit right there be
chicken not dead too sure what the hell
that is in peter and this and it took
over half an hour to get the food it's
like a nine out of ten this place it
true it's like a nine out of ten yeah so
fucking good I am so food covered it did
take half an hour to get the food and I
wasn't happy but what's all good
whoa what is that oh no no I said it
this is not my camera playing tricks are
we being hacked
now I represent Ellie seem to take off
this one here right oh he looks like fun
where's your shook yours your hidden fun
right I am black - okay that what the e
buddies but suppose goes gone you he's
gonna win today he's gonna win he's
gonna win he's gonna win
yeah he's gonna win sing-sing doin yo
happy yeah yeah yeah whoever whoever
puts in a hole with wait look I was
sexual it was that dated that make
coffee violet I guess I actually saw my
first ever fight in hockey two days ago
yeah and it was disappointing I want to
see like a fuckin tooth come out the pit
all right we made it we made it let's
all be pickax work and gluten fuckin up
it truly is a beautiful day oh my gosh
it is magnificent refuse me sir you're
not allowed in with those guns
haha see what I did that you see it oh
my god
my very own here Alan I don't know I
page on it
I was really worried that this box that
we got was giving like dead crumbs and
so on you see me go to a few like around
here but this one is not like certain
feet the big open air we've got a bar
you're totally not in the way right now
or anything out of here it's like a but
look up Judy Ruth stop it there's like a
bar over here yet like pretty sure
whoever the hell you Bob
thank bomb all right going down it's
going down
I reckon for big yeah four - four -
clicking quote me
look at that travel water or the junk
oh my
that's right it's not happening I'm
telling you for to wisdom it we're going
to score four and then you're going to
score two carignan
we didn't know
I want John to a I want someone to
animate that I want up your animation of
what you come after the entire stadium
just went dead silent because a black
finish
haha if the announcer that la king Thank
You bub oh sorry I guess I miss the high
look on the back of here yeah obviously
very much except for the decision Karen
thank you for making 44 years o volka 19
maybe are actually really I hope you re
fired for nothing because the black ops
George everyone whatever whatever
what happened Karen no no Walter oh yeah
we got another fight Allegro no you're
not look oh man look how red I am
Kabaddi Ava I know you got makeup on
touch my forehead
wow the pain
are you leaving already and let that boy
there are you going getting drunk
background get the rat just hey I'm
ready don't worry
whoa whoa whoa nobody told me we had a
cheese puff
if he is I take the ham and the grape
Barney thank you
ah there you have it theory to over and
it's still we wanna go into the Montauk
okay elected second Barry I really I
really wanted revenge so I can tell you
how bad you are a source it's good but
you're real good James you pretty much
organized this right so I see it those
days name five-year look
wouldn't stop makes me me actually like
verbal her up I'm going to I'm going to
I'm going to speak to
my favorite gravy dear boy I hear mother
oh dude I know there's like why you even
hear about the ground signal I say I
change in you little bear
wait you need to drink my beer everyone
you're here to drink my alcohol we are
all kings
Oh everyone is just rushing towards the
desserts right clarity where is it oh
that is captured yeah oh my god yeah
yeah good
phony
okay anyway they're throwing out free
shirts and I'm building my face oh I
have rainbow cake
no not the fighting about why don't you
stop we're waiting to find out what the
bloody hell did happen to draw it now
have a blue lot of weight with the game
that's going on you got it Oh God
there's just no height when they don't
have a moving quote me like wow
Kumbi right right so thank you guys syed
the owner of elegance good how often
that they always make sure the camera
what is absolute
ah
thank you
why you cried I'm not lying on not
saying why you guys all right thanks
thank for your enjoyment and ever ladies
literally
ah
we're still in the file
why look at 50
I tried something I am sure you guys
have seen that Hey you can look at my
books like video and it did guy here now
this is the original drawing of that
inspired you go to a book because it was
inside Ken okay Adam Freeman savings
Europe and here says yeah took a photo
of it in section I animates there and
then that's where this came from
here's all the decisions I inspire
greatness in everyone greatness yeah you
can look up Otto you can look up a bit
wow this place is completely empty
flippin heck look at all this stuff like
got live behind drink sweet crisp
t-shirts caught food
what are you doing it like to take this
second to say thank you Bob I appreciate
you did for the King it's been great I
got to cook it out the door Oh Bob
finished for the last time ever and then
they handed out this a pretty big query
thanks Bob
it's a Bob that keeps on giving wait
who's that it's a very famous hockey
player occupation kinesiology catch flr
now LOL that is the most terrifying oh
my god have you seen the ronaldo statue
your new version superb thank you for
letting me use your phone for this
oh my gosh yeah I hate that is
absolutely terrifying
you want to make aim when I want to play
game oh it's a spectacle case from
stature and obviously these respects
awesome such up I have to do is press
this button on the side
oh there you go you press that and now
that's recording for ten seconds yeah
ten seconds ten seconds and if you're
going directly to its coming baby is
going directly to your phone right your
phone is going to vibrate now and let
you know get yourself I thought this is
a normal game or it's the charging thing
the I don't if you plug it in like that
good job but I keep those perfect and
just close it and now it's charging
whatnot no lectures how much practice in
it that's pretty sick charging how much
battery life is down right now yeah this
is what you do tap it
you cut the boxes full charge ultra and
how much charged is a cater three bars
and how many how many hours is up
I mean I've never ran out of the batter
really yeah haiku latergators yeah
oh yes I think so that's already got
mine no no I have to hit this you can't
do it and then I can write I want to
write it I think okay suppose it
Wow oxygen and that's it that's it
they're cool I just don't think I'd ever
get that just like it's fun it's fun but
kind of like a good shot and the things
to clean the glasses is a little ghost
cleaner oh yeah okay that is yeah good I
like it
that's because you could out you're
selfish this is our cue potato fries and
a whiskey milkshake okay Duke what you
get is no change get it kid salted
caramel whiskey milkshake yeah really
really good
I ordered a bacon-wrapped hot dog
decided for the girl idea until it came
with vegetable and if anything I would
either no no no no no
this guy ended up being amazing for a
really really slow double when I used to
be partnered by machinima this is
everyone I ever used to know as
machinima well I presume is nothing now
but like this is everyone I ever used to
know of work with overpass pictures here
and it is amazing hey are you drunk you
guys cool retro double life are you
drunk right now wow you're so fucking
drunk got it
okay you need to go now okay bye
no don't please thank you did not
Christmas I had a really good night
tonight these are my bills I have to pay
but great night I'm absolutely exhausted
I could really feel much of that from
the cops so somebody could really fill
much of that light machine but I think
that was not because it wanted to to
doctors book what it is I had a great
time using everyone I've known for like
that I've done YouTube to six years and
when I was 18 and first came out here
everyone that I met for the first time
ever in Los Angeles was there tonight so
I had a really good time hanging out
with them a really good time that I'd be
the king so the Kings be the Blackhawks
and it just ended up being the greatest
trip ever self I'm going to get the fuck
sleep and you know what's more
impressive is the fact that I come back
and my apartment is absolutely clean as
anything I think I might I think I might
marry that cleaner like seriously I'm
impressed
that's about on it I totally did not
fall through my sofa because I'm a
potato so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did make sure leave a like
rating subscribe i'ma catch you guys
tomorrow for the back David like at 6
p.m. so until then hey George oh and
also if you made it to the very end of
this I made a brand new Facebook page
for the life of Tom so if you go into
the description you'll find a Facebook
page link click it or search for life of
Tom and make sure you click it a fold
because I'm posting more of like
personal lifestyle stuff on there so
hope you guys enjoy it
