I only just get back to the UK and I'm
having Chinese food I unwrap the Kiwi to
reveal one in this world oh my god yep
counselor I got a try remember how to
drive a car I don't know how successful
this is gonna be reunited renewed up
mate who's got the best you still got a
better time in it will crush you
something how have I just spend so long
in the Sun throughout a time this press
and you still that way show me around
show your arm it's just don't go there
you see I think I may have I'm back the
other arms but you've still got that
suit under me in the face how did you
manage this it England good to see you
again pudding is this where all people
come to spend all the money oh my god is
this here dad we've got introduced if
you've got yeah there is oh my god the
youth the UK's number one power wheel
this is this is what mu is red terrible
and so tacky oh my god dad I'm so turned
on right now is this the new hydraulic
brake system for the caravan excellent
sighs don't touch it or charger I come
out and you've built one onto my other
teachers
listen I've not been driving for two
weeks and I'm a little bit tired but
nothing justifies that parking I thought
I was in the life I'm not quite maybe I
got it maybe I can help you what is that
what is that it doesn't monitor at the
toilet
let's go fix it welcome to the danger
John 10 all right if you lose this game
you have to buy the round if you win the
game i buy the round got one thing to
say to you
get to the bottle ah okay so this is
your first card you then get to pick a
card and got decide whether it's gonna
be higher than a three or lower than a
three time I know you don't that that
you do but you've got to make it fun you
don't forget this one so you've got to
pick a path you ever go there that one
or that one
and then you've got three chances next
one then two then one so higher than
lower a free this card of that card
right hiya King okay
higher or lower than a king which one no
this one be three lower nine high or
lower than a nine this one is one that
won't be higher this one player okay
again get to the bar get to the bar I
know yeah
me my dad right now they're like look us
we're both like this trying to get into
system because reciting side of an
affair so I think we're going to go
outside I get a little bit of sanitizer
skin right well we come outside the Sun
box off I always wait you called on
either jacket all right
can come back first person holy birth to
hit bullseye these are Shh
it's better the music you said the name
on the case I think you're in the wrong
profession I think you should play darts
with women that's a pretty good group in
me let's get a live oh stop it can stop
it
he's getting better bad I don't know the
fresh man I've got two horrible
that's definitely if you were to wait
one second to me to start filming that
is your best one yeah you're getting
closer you're getting close that way oh
that's right I forgot Sean I can at
least play yeah I just lately in LA I
mean you know no one on your we oh my
god when I go away did I wait
you know we said seven pound back if I
can get into balls I did I not here's a
good all right going I'll film this will
go on cam stepping up to the plate
Kenneth Kenneth spoon Hannah oh no oh oh
my angle it will like you got it bully
out over the way it stopping that one
that one was mine look how close it golf
would yell yeah the white stuff I did it
oh I really wonder how long it will take
us to get it done the group is getting
work good folks got in the white wall
it's on the wrong side
are you sure I am yeah you're right back
but if I'm back I got down on the wrong
John we'll go ahead for a closer
inspection oh okay okay
honestly we've probably thrown about 100
dark beat together and he got it fair
enough
GG the mono mystery - the woman I got
450 the book no no me come on open I
could get bullseye you get out any yeah
sweet yeah free dive it'll get bizarre
yeah old people
not to be in the board chorus hey so
cool so you're like I only know one guy
who spit the bone in my face he who
killed it
well Stephen and I asked him to make me
songs have a chicken thing as though on
the menu he's got so on at the squid
so I said phantom kitchen individual you
need it manageable system okay and see
where it is so hoping this is good if
it's not I'm gonna be so sad
bloody hell
that's good
have you actually tried one these try it
where it's amazing how good is that that
needs to go on the menu
Wesley needs to go and remind you why
are you wearing why is that what is it
where is it did it Wow well to sell the
brand Ellis amazing Oh Oh Alice Alice
killing it with a swag she brings me not
only a hoodie I think she brings me a
question iPhone 7 plus case oh ooh who
kill them
oh wait well that's it but as a buckle
cuz I do know which one 647 oh great
that's absolutely fine I like these V
women edition respond only on sale at
the shell yeah well show them you get
out of mine Oh nah look at this it is
official Limited Edition showing respond
if you guys go into i6e these are only
obtainable at the show if you want to
grab one make sure you get to stand as
fast as possible and order one oh yeah
look at that
so it's so sick it's good bye during my
Apple case hello insignia design whole
week rubber like you do another three
all right I got you the packet of crisps
quick crisps biscuit of the plane while
you're not looking fresh the cheek that
the disrespect if you guys want to bring
ours these biscuits to the show please
do official appreciate thank you for
damn Alice got a rental Alice got a
rental any others broken I just want a
game yeah let's see wait why would they
give you a fool she did let us see Latin
alone reversing cameras your birthday hi
mom sorry I'm almost have been like all
my songs good to say hello and there's
just ignore mix you didn't recognize the
car how come a kiss me love me ello
guys okay why did you close the door are
you stealing me
are you excited five six tips I am today
but on Saturday I might not be awesome
daleman now choose a stress way which is
dad what it is I want to try to do
something new and special I would say
the biscuits now I will try and make
them the mean Greek fun I love you
I can what do you guys think of the
dishes stroke moleskin Mahna Mahna Mahna
Mahna minute what mola mola it's called
mola skin on your book I don't think
this is moleskin these are they called
more skin on you but you can call it
what you want boy it's new book almost
finished soon thank you very much shit
see you tomorrow
oh do what are you exclusive at the
event only until then afterwards it goes
on sale stop dabbing no review to look
at yeah
how am I related to that moment and is
my food on the table it is okay Wesley I
went for the sweet cheese chicken spring
onion and mozzarella
Gail judgemental pretty good oh when
Gail does the sky run nod what screen is
not favored usually during this video
bless you well I realized your face you
see you in this video that you God is
now the next day I decided to try and
stay up too late as I could which was
like around about like 11 o'clock passed
out woke up at 2 a.m. Walker put 3 and
woke up at 4 a.m. woke up at 7 air and
then I've been awake since 7 so the jet
like hopefully is going written down my
body by tomorrow because tomorrow is the
start of I 16 I am glad to be home I
would like a few days home of rest and
like relaxation like in my house sort of
thing and like catch up with all the
family malama want my granddad and stuff
because I've landed literally just at
the airport and as I was leaving my
granddad rang
so my Grandad's are they like Tommy when
commence inking oh my god fucking landed
but I feel like I have a really good
sometime because I've got such a white
background behind me so I'm like all
right like I said guys that you guys
going to I 60 I'll see all your faces
there I'm really looking forward to the
event I really want to make light of me
and grease light you know fun because
when I say like one make them fun and
exciting it's because I'm literally
stood there like meeting people because
I love bump Lin's people that I meet but
the meat and grease the line to meet me
sometimes can be ridiculous like three
four hours long and it's like what the
hell and some people go three days or
four days of the entire event don't get
to meet me and it's like it's bullshit I
won't be able to meet everyone but at
the same time if I end up spending 20
minutes talking to each person that I
don't get through everyone but then if I
spend like like ten seconds talking to
each person I just get through it's PC
and speaking to everyone but then I feel
like I've rushed meeting and I don't I
don't like that so I think so it's like
a double-edged sword but I can have to
like mess around with so if if we if we
are events that anything ever seems
rushed like you guys know that it's not
the case it's just efficiency its kind
of its kind of annoying realize like
okay I get shouted at bio scaritage
taking too long meeting my viewers in my
videos but I'm like piss off all around
the less it's going to be a good event
anyway I'm really looking forward so I'm
actually really really stoked and
hopefully we'll see a bunch of you there
so I don't know if there's any tickets
available less because like by the time
this vlog goes up tomorrow will be the
event so if you want to try and get
tickets I'll put the link down
description for the tickets if you use a
code I 60 syndicate you get yourself ten
percent off the tickets anyway so if you
want to try and convince anyone to go
with you now the time to do it and yeah
I'll see you guys at the event so I am
actually going to get up from maybe go
on a bike ride so we'll see how that
goes in tomorrow's vlog thanks for
watching
I'll catch you guys later leave a like
rate and subscribe ah hello good
