Kate washing the drop washing madrier
washing madrier oh you dry are you
perfect jeans dried up and the lyrics of
rock and anandam hair okay Harry spike
now to add the talcum powder ass stuff
to my hat pack it just makes your hair
or just thick but it makes it spike up
like an absolutely mother trucker it's
like you literally style you don't even
need gel in your hair just put this
powder stuff and it spikes up like crazy
if you ever get the chance to use this
stuff try it in the right spot and now
I'm getting the copper came here
yesterday and this place is completely
empty as completely fall is almost
becoming my most favorite thing to do
with coffee look look look look look
and
blend morning water fighting naked bitch
you know one day I hope to be able to
get a keep I own office book I'm not
holding my breath we'll just we'll just
pray five minutes later darlin mine Luke
talk about Luke I'm not playing video
games lost sat in the office
Wow June why are you even in keep me
back I wanna start work with me no
clearly working people like wonder like
what I actually do is a subjective Luc
he plays golf and shit but like I expect
him but I do actually do do jobs
sometimes hey how do you stop yourself
go on I want to see you right on the
board Cassell we'll see if the company
knows thank you appreciate that one
person in this entire company who's got
me saving their email chain thumbs Samba
Samba this is one person in this company
who's got my name saved as Thomas kazoo
with one out
one here we could be Hillary if you can
bottle put that in here $20 I knows a
lot water Oh what is that why have you
got this this for me
we'll just commit Christopher Gallo why
you walking in with a package come
straight over to me you made me think I
got fly that Bible
Thank You Luke we gonna keep whisking
hands down the most well list after and
I think I've ever walked into it's
beautiful it's so good to this co-op oh
my gosh oh my gosh it's not exactly the
most amazing view but oh I can see why
this window wasn't no
some staples if it was small because
some spacious Wow hell that is a lot of
wires I don't know if this clusters
being organized
are not organized but for the net with
all the guarantee you can make like 16
gaming's helps and you can have a pug
pushing good its rooftops so I can't do
a photo shoot with my little dude I
stomach okay there's a guy doing your
whole week crap it's okay I'm actually
thinking of like buying a table and
chairs a pole pair like me of beanbags
or a big like carpet or something just
like chill out on because look there
it's just a Sony Haven all damn day from
the moment it rises to the moment it's
that so alright guys trying to find a
cool place take it forward this little
dude thinking maybe on the wall over the
graffiti behind it because that ways
like it's not exactly a good view
anywhere buildings skyscrapers books are
being covered yeah I'm over it
also if you guys want to see the photo I
actually take it this because the iPhone
7 plus has an insane camera setting that
makes everything look epic so go follow
me on Instagram to search for syndicate
for any for now I'll click link in
description to go check it out you bet
see my little photo I took of this guy
oh look dope all right I think I got the
shot let's go and see I don't really
have a lot of faith in this route I'm
probably going to step on it and fall
straight through it so I'm gonna leave
now that I'm absolutely boiling my tit
stuff up there every day this week I've
been out in shorts and the shots has
always been like a hole but I can't go
to a certain bar or Candida sometimes
that sort of started to wear jeans and
it's the hottest day it's been in LA
since I've been in it so I am like quit
if you drive you see mean crackers what
salty challenge everybody felt like
everybody party
in your mouth oh sorry I completely
forgot everyone's putting crackers in
the mouth nowadays the new phase right
so this is the theory that Rick it is
more in the future right but if that's
the case then more is mum is Rick's
daughter
so it's his his mum is his dog if you
know Rekha my right so if I think that
more a is Rick but as a young version so
when he grows up it becomes Rick but
like and as you got older it's like the
roof is him
but then how did it work out that his
mum is technically door reddit all right
I'm showing you here is the timeline all
right so we've got Rick you can
represent with an ass all right Rick
obviously has a child and the child is
more Bmore so you've got my mom right
the month then convert to mommy okay
well as Molly get older you become Rick
whether or not it's group time summer or
for whatever I just literally fold it so
it kind of makes no sense but it does
make sense because it is literally an
infinite loop and as you know in
reporting that sort of shit happens all
the time and infinity loop so wives and
nothing said that Rick is Marty in an
infinite loop and that's why it's that I
mean bloom brie way it'll be so long for
the third and it god dude it's not a
rise Boop
this buzzer amazing so he did Omega the
right stuff always much there's not to
take a skillet
I'm dying on inside it like you guys
know with passion what car I think it's
much discussed in candle I'm sorry for
ripping into you but this is the most
disgusting guy in the world who buys
this car okay you buy this car and then
I find out I'm doing what oh my oh my
god wait wait the color way it just
looks like - there it is that is
horrible that's the color I know you I'm
fucking oh my god oh my god bizarre is
how it's done I was simply playing on
the laptops with like a 14 inch screen
and I was like wait a minute there's a
huge ass monitor in front of me
I don't playing runescape on this thing
Chris what the hell is that glue that
good really smell a head again why are
you trying to get me high units around
five minutes that people have like
normal
oh my number I know you want the more
and more I spent on me the more and more
I need to get rid of it and the more and
more when you take time if it's what you
do when I'm not here you walk on getting
the employees high triggered ninja thing
ever I was like I was I was trying to
pick up the ladders but then how do I
get rid of these darts I just want to uh
oh I didn't even get it on camera so
Chris where's the Sirdar oh where you
put it well yeah where well hold my hand
okay there Christopher I am NOT a hobby
I did so fucking close you get a bender
then you jump and get it and land back
on this that I got bad knee and look I
would love to write you get up there
that I hope it fucking falls in your
head while you're climbing down would it
be bold on you are you guys reaching to
death right here
oh it's not a platform and then I just
don't want to stand underneath the thing
all right God I believe in you Chris
great unknown yay thanks dad appreciate
it
Eric record no no I'm not tasting the
pipes it's absolute fuck that up
Wow oh shit I can ease up
oh my god that was what you call you
fail
oh fuck all the dots okay sighs again oh
pretty please dark we prefer how's the
camera next these darts are replaced in
a deadly position won't even look
oh that I think your body hit it when
you threw it here it goes I'm the safe
together I'm gonna try to really good
Hey Girl how you can do this
whoo
Oh Chris I don't care about your phone
calls you know I brought your pair kill
me ya know yeah yeah that was it that
was actually the answer yeah I'm not
gonna do it now Caesar you get seem to
be uncomfortable with the situation
you're in the drop zone
I know Chris I didn't drop my pants I
took my pants off on purpose because
it's hot and I don't know where jeans
and get you know sweaty bollocks
no once way bollocks from so I'm going
to sit here as close to you as possible
bollock naked guys are you what the
garlic
golly I'm nervous its original nervous
it's a great thrill of Oh golly oh okay
with no panic and then the other ones I
met the owners of the Lumina founder and
he said I'm sure there's a reasonable
explanation for and I said there isn't a
clock to remind time to stop being a
little bit
I've got Luke into using Siri from
everything now people go to your
remaining Oh
Jaguar F hey where you know I believe
you only chose here is for food right
right right
not for any other reason it's did you
Luke what other reason would it be what
you gonna hear us
yeah for their exceptional surgeon
personality and beer Advent is the most
magnificent amount of chicken chicken
meat onion rings are kidding I try to
catch up guys talking about basketball
I have no idea what triple point you do
know this might have a basketball game I
will employ ever watched Robinson really
it's not that interesting
great thanks for totally - Oh Hank oh
you better know you hadn't know who's
giving their daughter
super sexual give us me right
oh we are inside this one so I bought
your gift
you can't cook a big man makes a mess
this is what I'm talking about
Thank You Verizon once again because
those other like no no not like you -
thank you Joe this is not a sponsor
thing at all
Joe's just a really good friend of Luca
Hanks and online the divided jock out
there athlete or a basketball game Oh
thing we got some cheesy nachos or
actually and then we have like this oh
we have six hours old
it costs $39 zero quick through the
stick Stella Artois comes accosting I
know which is 35 rich Punk
okay iPhone 7 evil you you're capable of
and you already cannot see their favor
okay so wait griffin examiner brown
right now on as you guys i had laser eye
surgery so i should be able to see for
my laser eye surgery ward off so right
now I can kind of thing what I kind of
gone so I'm actually in the Boxee
watching it on the television so I can
actually see what the hell is going on
oh hell yeah oh my god oh my god I
started to the opal is amazing I have
velvet cupcakes a bit another bo2
basketball I approved I just like my
favorite thing
you're done
shots come inside a that bigger but what
the heck is Whooper nevermind oh wow you
know like just because Americans kinda
you know they've got rainbow cake rocks
live brownie bar top secret blonde bar
candy apples ding oh yeah look some mm
to my ice cream with melted chocolate
yeah Joe you're the greatest uncle I
never had for Egypt thank you brother
oh yeah tell me you don't want one of
those this is mine
take a look at cbiit rims a country for
packages
oh it is not the girl top smoke show
that I told it what to go are you today
right dumpling do you like that pretty
little above YouTube video right I'm
sure on that night it is a beauty that
oh yeah another speck boys never like
anyone make previous nothing but all the
guys will come out again all ago about
those guys absolutely fill their killed
it well in practice
life is a big and what you doing waiting
to be
Oh
oh me oh my god what a runner challenge
on some eyewitnesses is that Gatling gun
in sure
I need to see this market you know you
know Chloe did that's amazing oh my god
that's so cool there you have it must
have a basketball game in my life
yeah the place actually in psychology
for the game before is between like
empty nonetheless amazing I Joe is such
a legend so again it's not come to think
of it just because Hank and moved it
like really good friends of them so I
met em at the LA Kings game that was
amazing and you can I do this ready I
can do this he'll look like
wait yeah not that such a bad idea why
would you even do that
I think the pick it oh really
things of pick oh good thing I hope it's
not because you just rub your crotch all
over these boat well I have made it home
sweet home unless my door open but thank
God it's warming Los Angeles because my
room is now nice and full of pressure
and by fresh air I mean pollution
because the high of my apartment is the
exact same height as the nearby freeway
on my way so I literally get nothing but
pollution through my doors so the sooner
I moved to the beach that
