all right along with all helps I'm
trying in your style I'm trying to tell
it all today so we'll see how things go
I never use a hairdryer I'm driving my
hair so it's all like fluff it flop it
and I'm going to spoil it like this and
that I'm just going to throw some
turning guys dialing put in the guys
what two different like told you
basically do like one of them get ready
with me or something and the answer is
possibly what is this notices possibly
yet because I don't know how honest are
but I do try and roll the wax in
everywhere I've got way too much but I
just try and put it everywhere monster
and now it should just be a messy look
which no one me one extra thing that I
like to do is like scrub a towel to buy
all the jellies ever in my sinks in my
hair so to get our glow and it's all
like proper flippy and then you can just
tie it down in which I'm directing you
wanna know what I like that oh you're on
my hair is way still too long for the
size of my actual pea head but you know
what do I just feel like growing it give
a key a key right did I see let's find
it what neither sent me right what on
earth could they have actually given me
right so it's obviously clothing bought
they hooked me up a Croma Black Widow ye
OB DTM I say that because it comes with
this like wrestling for your arm which
this on its own is worth its weight in
gold but this is where we go we don't
care about the keyboard all we care
about is this you ready sight that this
comes now when you buy a keyboard like
this is incredible just pull that tab
out and you can test it I think it's
like when it's in the shops you know for
people to build the presses so you feel
what the actual keyboard you like so far
back but then you actually if you hold
it you can see the chord change pretty
cool right it's a gearing okay so first
t-shirt is going to be hopefully
something that condors the adware
overcome this bag like I said yes they
feel so so satisfied oh I've got this is
this a for gamers by gamers t-shirt it
is a far game with my gaming t-shirts
peel gotta go as great as this is it's
such a satisfying feeling to touch this
like I almost lose my breasts
I don't understand what is that that
thing when you feel something you kind
of like lose your breath okay next is
going to be I'm just this into the fall
game is by gamma t-shirt okay oh yes I
like that like um I don't know how to
describe it like a bold sticky-out razer
logo Oh
again amazingly feel feeling t-shirt is
it got like a name for this just as
Razer t-shirt oh yeah it's got like and
but a bold and button is what you call
that where it's sticking up but not
least probably the thing I'm most
excited for a razer Jackie okay okay oh
I like it I like it
not going to hold it nice and clean
simple swim pool I just made up a would
take a look all right let's hope let's
hope we've got the siding right I can't
even get it wrong but I kind of like
this style jacket anyway so you know
what ah ah ah it is perfect
girls er oh yeah I'm a fun that they
something I would definitely wear it's
one men like you know company thing
you're like called and a support I mean
you just like but this yeah definitely
also Luke you can go yourself when
my dad came and stayed out here in Los
Angeles at my apartment with Gail he
brought his dog round to my apartment
and I was just like that's a rat but now
my suede sofa is completely covered in
dog hairs everywhere so yeah thanks mate
I like the t-shirt I like the jacket I
love the keyboard absolutely a little
bit but by far the best thing Razer has
ever sent me without a doubt is a Razer
portion just look at it it's adorable
responsible adult in taken care of
disinfecting wipes for your kitchen
surfaces hey man if it can clean a
kitchen surface it can clean a screw you
know what doesn't do such a bad job I'm
doing a random adventure today because I
was going like eat at the same places in
my local area but the more and more
export
chair finds that were we're just gonna
wander and try to find a restaurant some
breakfast even though it is one o'clock
afternoon reason I didn't put sunglasses
or Sun cream on a yo this is a pretty
cool spot super fancy I have no idea
what kind of food they serve I just said
sir II recommend with who might be in
the area ever over here I got a juice
drink which is called the Californian
orange grapefruit pomegranate Cecilia
and tangerine au pair first try
nice kind of bit interest in functions
to be quite honest I'm going to go for
anything right now anything can either
chicken wing all chicken gone wrong this
we have definitely not was expecting but
you know what kind of like a 32 brought
so so we're not exactly a fun of finding
9 sides up there's nothing quite like a
few of in your soup on death penalty and
that is engineering a lot of the way
it's experience of my life I just at
that pizza knees and Peaks that came out
my nose
yeah oh you know what what amount if
I've got enough time I may actually rent
a bike like that also shop you guys
gonna have to wish me the best cool
because if the attack goes wrong we're
gonna be safe
Oh looks like yet something there oh
look at that heck I've finished hey hey
nice get my sympathy
I don't know again social media is
feeling your what was tagging this
is giving it everywhere I'm like I'm
like an hour away from the last place I
thought I know let's see if we've got a
ticket here you eat some food I'm gonna
bring you back a gift I'm going to find
instance are in the 98 cent discount
what so I got you a hat oh my god take
it love it take it Bella really like
Safari man love it Luke Luke this is
this is why I'm an idiot
nice there's mobs on the highway in
 like chinos and a t-shirt this
guy is crazy and he's caught in the
white light this guy give zero
what do you mean what do you mean you're
not going to meet with your how what
what do you mean you're not going to the
meeting with your hon you know yeah
hmm
spaceship share I like it
oh I prize in the translation of this
musician Pharrell Williams okay okay
okay okay maybe I should sign up
sorry Pharrell move over holy oh okay
okay you know what do not you I'll put
it well it's gonna have to go with
someone sorry oh it moves booty yeah
there you go
I played adventure experience well I'm
working on some really really really
awesome stuff XPrize Foundation space
water Africa kids
I must stainable so I think maybe it was
a good idea to take that thing you were
reaching to yours as well this is why I
love Luke like I can't tell you guys
what we were just in there talking about
just yet okay can you do what everyone
now we'll leave it leaving mother
everyone Tom the dick Berggren yeah it's
a secret we're living on the edge of
suspense until we know more information
but something really really cool could
be happening so feet crossed toes
crossed fingers crossed
get it yeah
Wow $40 $20 making something that's
crazy that was so funny
Luke pay for the drinks and as I walked
I was like thanks mister
I appreciate you buying me alcohol and
rain and then a guy in there like looked
like the most judging there in the world
like what I just loved I just love doing
shenanigans great its greatest I know
but I'm really liking the settle of
being in the water so I would so love to
live in one of these because I got to do
is cross over the bridge and one Road
down that way oh this is where I want to
be look look at this is actually the
perfect picture you looking mighty fine
and look that sailboat in the background
EULA you like we're back in a Cayman
Islands my gosh I'm very much
considering moving into a place like
this or something so that I'm on the
beach because I even love being near the
ocean or somewhere else just not happy
with where I'm at in my apartment it's
like it's a great apartment it does
everything it needs to do it serves the
purpose but you know it's close to
everything but I think I just prefer to
be near this every day and open my door
and being in the big middle of a city
yeah that's what we should be doing
right now
a few brewskies on a helicopter that'll
be quick I feel like this is the best
huh in searches we found Nicki again
hello and obviously had a good flight
over yeah why he's got you guys with
each other look at this
where the sunset we've got a brewski
we're chillin I don't know I look so
homeless without half actually look so
homeless with it look I'm Cunningham I
miss you do good to see you
we're now doing a photo shoot heroin
crew is this you didn't move over all
right boys without here in the world
today's sunset behind me we've got
lucrative split spectacle snapchat
glasses and all need a piss so we're
going back to their apartment for that
piece you look like the most bandit
ratchet-ass people ever you have a beer
bottle in your hand a bag full bottles
no shoes and you haven't Luke
wearing that hat
hey yo Bello what the heck is this why
is it it's like wait it's what the
one we like to move this happy yeah oh
my gosh that is weird
oh sorry what did it do
oh wait have you that is so satisfying
oh my gosh
is absolute like do that again this is
blowing mind this is what kids play with
nowadays I'm very impressed
what oh I did put a hole in it not thin
layer this just isn't right I have very
mixed feelings about making I'm sorry I
am now doing the science experiment of
my phone versus this stuff it's alive
what are you doing with you
start on bubbles one okay does it more
text and what's this gotten it just
glitter yeah wait what's this why are
you you had one day and you sat there
hiccupping how old are you this is
absolutely this good thing that this
this is like not a big 41 bought in a
slimy aversion oh why did why do kids
play with this ah why is this a fit
mother am i trapped now yeah how do I
get this off don't giggle that's not it
I think you're gonna do like oh yeah mad
skill skills skills skills skills skills
skills skills
ah why why but it's so satisfying I've
never so much pleasure out of like such
an annoying thing but to get it off is
bypassing all of it yep select yes I
like not okay and we main okay because
it's minor work yeah you laughter knows
with all the mistakes we're making and
you're the mom so you have to clear it
up rekt yeah yeah yeah things escalate
and then then that I got it oh all right
that's a little girl okay guys we got
your create your uh Ricky time and I
like if I walk on the street to please
my recipe to do drugs to take that a few
minutes ago I had lied would be my hair
I think that's right now guess I'm going
to a son C club for dinner I'm actually
meeting up with a you know syndicate
original so the wristbands we sell the
company that makes noise out of called
the other day as people came up to me
like told I was like rhino you guys and
they're like no but we make your
response if you're closing but no
 way and they were like let's go
out for dinner so we're going out the
dinner I probably logged much there's
gonna be like business you talk but
nonetheless a nice elevator oh my gosh
that's absolutely wicked it projects the
image down on the ground
open to the door public oh dude okay
yeah - home time that ended up being a
really really awesome night great food
awesome to meet drew from electric
family but where was one problem the
place that we went to is called Soho
House is something that's heard of it's
like a private membership club that's
like 400 500 pounds some of my year but
you get to go to all their exclusives
for bars around the world like Tokyo
Miami
Hollywood London that sort of stuff and
you know I went in and as I was on the
floor as like what about Simon I was
like I'm not really supposed to be on
your phone or meeting in stairs and I
was kind of waiting like you know
whatever it's kind of it confused by why
said and then
as we went to these like a buffet really
nice buffet which you saw a tiny clip of
and as I was at the book day I went to
film the book they and the guy was like
we might want to be quick with that
you're not supposed to be on your phone
I was like you're not going to scoop
what's going on so I was like we not
supposed to um phoned it was like no
it's like a private member club with
like really famous people in these clubs
and stuff like that so they don't want
people on their phones and I was like
hmm so unfortunately that is why make
sure I don't leave my keys in the door
that is why you didn't see me film which
was there it was a business talk anyway
the entire time so it was like really
cool
Drew's an awesome guy we've work with
and I think like meals nearly three
years with Cindy coverage you know you
know the wrist buns we do they're the
company that actually produced the
response so really really cool to see an
awesome guy like really really top guy
so that was great but now I need to get
my washing out of the washing machine
and put it in the dryer so he's aren't
going to be soggy and wet and about to
be drying crispy no how is this edits
only just turned 11 o'clock at night and
I'm in bed I've like had such a
productive day since super fun I really
enjoyed it and yeah I'm happily in bed
so I'm gonna get this vlog edited
uploaded ready for tomorrow because I'll
be up to 8 o'clock for an important
phone call found it through VD so I'll
cut you guys tomorrow for my next day
look if you've enjoyed this make sure
you leave a like rating subscribe if
you're watching this you haven't made a
YouTube channel you really should make
one there you can comment and stuff I
only like grains and I could see your
face ok completely the way I will catch
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for next day
vlog so thanks for watching hope you've
enjoyed it I'll catch you guys been
hotter good
