introducing the world's most powerful
hairdryer
Remy you're in your outdid yourself are
you ready for a blast wave whoa whoa oh
no the breeze just rung
I want to say it's no more overnight but
it actually looks like kind of the same
amount of thickness snow there but you
know no what could have melted a little
bit
are you ready for a snow day in London
but it's no afternoon in London yeah
plan of the day so far is go meet up
with Jenny India's best friend who'll
meet up with a handsome dinner and then
unfortunately the bad news is is you
guys know I was down here to do to make
it wishes yesterday we were gonna head
over to Cambridge today it's do another
make a wish
unfortunately it's been cancelled
because uh I probably get the invasion
wrong it was posted up an operation and
didn't yeah he's post up in operation
didn't some things so we would be able
to see him is that wrong
apologize he had the operation but now
when he came out of it he's not well so
the light holding art to another time
which is totally cool I'd rather you
know I'd want have been good like a good
State for to see knows each other we
kept like a fun day with each other but
fortunately that's the situation so
we're not going to Cambridge and I know
what are you guys are like what do you
go to Cambridge like dying to try me or
what me and stuff I saw all the tweets
everything but yeah not going to
Cambridge so gonna get some dinner and
then heading back up to Manchester and
go get some streaming some videos and
all that start it so next stop The
Ivy Tower Bridge copies you got wrong
you're this person who's got it's a
portable sledge oh my god did you ever
have a personal sledge ah portable
sledge yeah that was like a standing
Snowbird think it was Joe I need one I
want one
I'm gonna go an Amazon right on by it
within ten seconds of me filming that
clip of the kid with the portable sledge
found on Amazon it's got two month wait
to buy it
No
we missed the Train it seems there are
no Viet that bloody magical that's no it
won't look at that body
battleship destroy whatever you want to
kill it look at it the power rating
we're going to the Tower of London the
bridge Tower Bridge bridge we're going
to the ivy just next door so let's get
our key I'm I've been there with the
wind breaker
we got photo you just know oh we've made
it to the ivy buzz whoa I've never been
on this side before this is beautiful
very smartly dressed gentleman very nice
wait wait Jenny I thought I was prepared
with the power pack that make sure yours
Wow puts me to shame it's a freezing
cold day outside so Lydia's ordered a
wan ditch J's also are today a one dish
I've ordered shrimp cocktail absolutely
freezing cold
if grit spreader I said well I guess is
it broke well that's exactly what I'm
talking about
Oh straight away oh wait yours got ready
the magic is
oh yeah very very nice oh well that was
a very lovely lunch wind storm outside
joking Capulet just no time to brave the
storm and head home
Jenny was nice to see you again but
what's going on there there was my
assistant
however introducing Jenny winter it is
Belle in you in can you breathe right
okay if you fall over you're pretty much
stuck look at this our break oh I don't
want to do it go on right go go go go
thank you very much get out first y'all
first go go go yep that's called that's
just called it's just just called go on
give us a tour of London Jenny nice you
know the first time what's that the
walkie-talkie what's that in front of us
there there drink know that hey Jenny
the big old castle over there Ireland
yeah it's just testing you
and it's pretty damn busy oh my okay the
plan of action is to try and get the 322
Manchester is it gonna be delayed is it
gonna cancel who knows they'll try and
buy a ticket running to that gate has
bag on it next chart
Manchester we managed to get tickets 169
pounds each
not even like first class or anything
like that it was a very nice day but
unfortunately can't do the second Make A
Wish make a wish
well we could get a taxi Oh Tom could
pick us up with you twenty four five
four it's not quite offender is it it's
not it's not quite I will get a taxi all
right this this is why we brought Tom
out thank you brother
so we're gonna get to the house tape
right yeah yeah this is nothing just a
little bit of snow bought like drifted
away from funny I love it absolutely I'd
my tree oh that's snow
it's really snow yeah let's put up some
foot all right love you brother
my dad's got sledges we'll go get some
in the morning y'all girls legend look
at you you're like let's go let's go
let's go thank you the weather outside
Oh falling over no this is awesome over
there oh my goodness me I've got to get
this door open just to show you guys now
look how much snow came down I'll hope
it snows again I hope it snows again
what would you call this what's the
recipe for this lips videos videos
videos smashed potatoes vegetables we
got the spilt sauce everywhere
we got the mash up in there and then
more importantly we got chopped in here
time for a weather update okay it's
pretty damn cold
yes snowing a little bit but I actually
don't you know I don't think it's
snowing I think it's just the winds blow
in the snow office off the roof but yeah
all I know
no more snows come down can't despite
intensive point where you were drinking
on the job
that's either we've actually marinate
marinated soaked what's what's cooked it
in but she cooked the pork chop in
standby original' cider so you can eat
and get drunk at the same time
impressive it is a pretty full like
fooling looking meal
baby corn Kara's smashed potato green
beans and bacon nice and then a pork
chop with cider and mushrooms Wow
where's he going
escapee cat music we're back in have you
lost that car oh you must know that's
what I mean our day's travel una I
actually don't even know where I left
off yesterday but I have to end today's
vlog now because it's still a winter
wonderland Oni get the vlog uploaded so
thank you very much for watching but if
you're watching this now I'm gonna be
streaming on twitch twitch TV for such
syndicate
at 7:00 p.m. till 9:00 p.m. a good plan
for tonight we could have playing some
whatever so if you want you to watch
link down description twitch.tv I will
see you guys there
all right you guys have a nice winter
wonderland if you've even got snow where
you're at
it's a point now it's like not even snow
it's kind of just like cold wind blowing
the the leftover snow it's just nasty so
we're let's pray for even more snow or
I'll just pisses off in total so much
love I'm sorry us
