it's time to start my day has to stop it
is out of control and it must be removed
oh damn it I nearly got olive oil off at
once so close yeah
like a snake I just shredded my party
buns it feels nice I feeling tired from
the night before by the way look at my
hair
look how fabulously soft it is I'm gonna
make this down this was that in the
straw
I have a arrow at no 20 minutes I've
been sat here doing this oh my gosh
why did no one tell me using a comb is
so satisfying then your hair looks like
this and that's that's not cool
it's so nice to have a collection of
oakley back I promise I'll take care of
you look up you okay and hopefully not
lose you that is the most painful thing
ever where that little piece of skin of
Turin birthday thank you guys are being
super cool like and that using iPhone
and everyone was like okay okay we
understand this I've every wanna use it
rather be like no stick to the camera
stick to the camera so I appreciate you
yet I'm back in my apartment my London
Lele finally gave me my fob so I can get
in and out of the apartment and don't
have to break in each time right
gentlemen never done down nice and also
check this out harmless coconut water
that's all fair an understandable but
it's pink I know coconut water content
varying amounts of antioxidants make its
own thing
get your smog check today okay what the
hell is going on there food yes I'm
going to sit outside the Starbucks just
so I can sit in the Sun no one in my
apartment and it just enjoy he's not
back oh hell yeah that is safe good
looking for meaning yep this what I just
couldn't bring myself to drink all that
coconut what I had like maybe an eighth
of it but I had to get rid of it and I
thought you know what I'll compromise
I'll have a banana instead it would have
been a smart idea for me to buy some
cream before I set outside for like two
hours because now I'm a good free weight
extremely sunburned started by aloe vera
as well because I'm gonna be in pain
tonight okay
so how is this about dining queen 90
Crandall own funeral minute-by-minute
will happen now we've got actually today
I try to organize a cleaner to come in
like deep cleanse my entire apartment
because in the year of living there I've
not once mopped it hoovered it or
anything so it's just sickly they've
just everywhere fill up today's a day
and go around and clean your apartment
and stuff like 30 goals it's not like ya
doing it I just got an email saying oh
there's no one available today mom it's
just such a nice day I don't want to go
inside but at the same time I've got my
Nintendo switch that I need to set up so
I'm going home starting out under yeah
kind of a bunch of the day really nobody
told me that coconut water is a natural
laxative
12:04 thank you come on come on but I
don't know we haven't doctor to be
almost you crazy for others are girls
and now waiting for a knock at my door
is a delivery inbound BAM in the US
there's like lots of delivery companies
that you know you can go out to shop and
pick you something up Lola but Amazon
have now introduces themselves where you
can get like a large selection of like
anything from a shop really within one
hour so I just used that right a second
your next question question so that was
a really tight hat why are you so lazy
why don't you go to the shop and get it
yourself well look how much that is to
carry and the shop isn't like driving
distance away so I couldn't got like an
over there anything but yeah that that
would have been impossible for me to
carry this much stuff home so I got
delivered for instead holy I'm a
great god oh my gosh
I completely forgot that I bought two
cats do ramens last night oh my god oh
my god oh my god wait what the
happened when I went to food last night
I actually bought two portions of it so
I could like warm some up the next day
completely forgot I put it in the fridge
and I've got food for tonight
ramen three nights in a row there we go
fridge is looking a little bit better I
like some time to apply the good stuff
and does it work does it work does it
work what does work good what does it
work does work come on come on ah God
all right
look how red my arm is ah I've already
feel satisfying just going to now sit
around like a slob with this amount of
it and hopefully it will reduce sunburn
I think so I'm pretty much an idiot
because I've not been wanting to play
the Nintendo switch because of my caveat
staring like a small screen to play
video games with because in my head the
switch was like in the new Nintendo DSi
thing but I completely forgot you can
connect it to a TV so in this but should
a hat have the dock to it which almost
God isn't broken playing God boy you
just put this here plug it in and you
can use it from the get-go so let's set
this bitch up
we even have to do to this an 8
to a USB and HDMI okay I'm almost
confident that's it like I plugged it in
power cable on Noah and now I just have
to slide this into here like so and whoa
oh uh right time to witness the
Magnificent moment I try out the
Nintendo switch for the first ever time
this is the controller disgusting
disgusting lacrosse aha
it is Oh what it's already telling me to
take it out got to put these on it first
all right so slide this one on this side
and then oh whoa the sound effect it
made was beautiful it get a little I
think and then I'll share up it on the
runway right now this is right hey
you're right we're in
whoo look at me in the reflection whoo
well no this is cool all right
okay so I'll set it all up quick yep the
Americas okay so back in akio's again
and now we should be onto the next step
oh hell yeah so like you're an icon a
nickname okay okay okay oh this feels
cool look I'm like holding the
controller my computer fans like this it
feels so so cool I'm gonna have to go
with Mario of course who the hell
wouldn't pick Mario pick a nickname you
know what I usually do like Tim you're
cute with your on don't you Tom I don't
care we're playing it with plain it's
simple we're on the life of Tom channel
so we're doing this okay I like that
this next stage is like insert game and
I'm pretty sure this is the only game
that actually exists for the switch
there's nothing else apart from like the
free one that comes with it would you
like that minigame one but that's the
only thing they have for this game on
story actually never ever properly
played a Zelda game I have tried while
those at Lexi's once played like one of
the twin wake of like five minutes but I
fell off a mountain and with life now
I'm about to breath of the well you will
be my first one ever and I actually
think I really want to complete the
whole thing because like for traveling
and flying and stuff I can just use this
portable and I condition like chill out
with the hand like with the controllers
and like you can attach into this which
is great but you can hold them in game
like this you can just be deadly you
would like your hands by your side just
gaming so I'm multiplying I could just
like stand this little console walk and
just relax Oh
it's not good the perfect thing for me
every second I completely forgot the the
cartridges are supposed to taste funny
because like what is it like to stop
kids from swallowing them or something
so I am going to be doing a taste test
review of a Nintendo cartridge now I
don't think I know what this is going to
taste like because when I was younger my
sister was just about nails so she still
does cause she's a tool but I'm sort of
I actually well anyway my mum and dad
bought my sister this stuff where she'd
put her nails in like this gooey like
sponge and it would leave like a taste
on her nails so like when she went to
bite her nails she would forget that
that stuff was on its when she would do
bite it but like a really salary tape I
think that's what this is coated in so
I'm gonna go for a look of it and yes
you'll see what goes down I don't want
to like lick the front of it on the back
of it so I'm gonna look just there
ah
uh-uh-uh-uh
oh you can't get rid of it yeah that is
how I knew the hell licked it in the
first place to discover that I don't
understand
I get the health and safety of it but
that Wow
also side note by the way how the hell
does the entire game of breath of the
wild this entire game which like a big
open world games fit into this that's
incredible oh boy here we go
the end of my life is upon me because
this is just this is gonna ruin the
vlogs because all I'm going to want to
do is sit down and play this kind of
trippy not too sure what's good
partially I was really good looking at a
naked dude flow and in what right now so
I don't know if he'll about us also side
note this guy has no nipples what the
hell oh man this game is absolutely
beautiful
listen I just kind of hope that it was
in like the whole game in that tiny
little cottage by there
why the hell did this just happen I was
just playing and they all the students
had software closed wait what
right just later later
can I play it please don't tell me I
just lost all my progress please don't
tell them just our summer program what I
can't do it okay
are you joking I'll touch I can't get
past this point my games crush I think
I've got what it like the default in aha
I can't play the game what the oh
great now it says insert the game card
it's in I haven't haven't touched it try
and take it out and despair no guys put
it in and I was writing it Tom
okay okay promising promising oh you're
kidding
you're kidding I have to start from the
beginning
are you taking the place oh I don't like
that anymore so I'm going to go with
it's probably not a good idea to reheat
a early boiled egg and that is what the
fat look like in that like soupy stuff
that was in the fridge and I melted it
down in the microwave and it looked like
this so I'm guessing that it's mixed up
you know like I've stirred it I think it
should be edible like by just not stir
up something so then you look at that
absolutely perfect
I'm gonna probably get like Salmonella
off this or something I would like not
to do that so probably gonna happen but
I always pull this in okay okay okay and
then let's put this in here now for I
don't know can you reheat pork probably
not let's put this in here for like
three minutes now oh my gosh so I uh
mama truth
and smells really good with a cut-off
really good looks
I'm suit ly fine to take this okay end
before I die this probably chefs out
there when watching this and my mom and
my dad being like Tom you are an idiot I
can't believe you from skydiving you
cover the world you did all this crazy
 and this is how you're gonna die
okay that's way too much this is a joke
it's 2017 and to play a video game you
have to install it this damn slow oh my
gosh I need a break so I decided I was
going to play some proper modern warfare
remastered art around half past eight it
is now quarter to midnight and the game
still hasn't finished it installing so
I'm just going to give up on it for the
night
I'm so glad sunday is over it might be
like what is wrong with you man man
you're happy that the weekend went by
quickly for you and the answer is kind
of yes I actually kind of hate Sundays
because fraps Friday Saturday you know
everything works as normal clockwork is
clockwork is a-tickin however Sunday's
shops closed early people are doing a
thing it's a lazy day I don't like
Sundays on Mondays for example are a
great day people people pretty depressed
because of a quirk but everyone is back
at work all the stores are open
everything's available to do nothing
closes early so it's a great gam game
just they are going off down through BD
so if you guys want to find out what I'm
doing down there because we've got some
cool stuff to go over
make sure you tune in and subscribe
because tomorrow I post a new video like
I do every single day at 6 p.m. UK time
mmm yeah both of the vessel thunders
malaise a day that needs to go away so
be sure to tune in tomorrow as cuddles
