hmm morning little weed morning what a
nice day to think I'm abandoning all
this to go to New York really well thank
God for that
apparently it's oh my god have you seen
the film The Grinch my hair looks like
the mountain from the Grinch what on
earth is that
ha ha all right
absolutely amazing I'm yoga routine I'll
make you one drop one sugar please okay
that's amazing that's all you're on a
set of ladders not today here not today
go down to the new office haven't seen
how its progressed over the past week so
fingers crossed it's looking pretty good
I believe what the hell's my chair doing
Mac I believe that everything is
progressed as normal on time and we've
had all the planning permission for
proved I think I press this button and
it says lots of pressure please check
all tired I'm pretty sure everyone has
left the building Sykes I'm saying I'm
obviously quite late in the day but we
shall see I'm still here
how's it looking what do you guys do not
mess it around here Coolio oh this
extension will be done in no time
I like Tony should we go on a ride I'll
have to check if I batteries charged I
like how I decide to attack a building
site in my white training again that is
this a good idea this is a gang turf it
health and safety wait wait a minute
where are your boot where you work Vince
Reynolds if a nail goes through the hat
in there in all day long side all right
all right wish I could just throw this
from here anything all right
everyone keeps asking me about this hat
like why cat about on the website
because it sold out boy if you really
really want one and you don't care about
an extortion at shipping shipping
shipping so the hair stuck on the top of
my hat shipping cost then I think we
have some in the u.s. so if you go to
syndicate regional just got us website
you can find them there but again
shipping cost extortion so you might
want to just wait until we get back in
stock in the UK Tony says this is
something I need
my house what is that results made then
it's the nut what's really later Oh like
a metallic comes on food colors play no
but it almost looks like shitty pebbled
like on the floor here but then when you
get in the right like it looks nice and
shiny you're going walls okay before
this is the syndicate original shop
well no no wait this is not a shop for
people to turn up to people keep getting
confused in the comments this is an
office a syndicate original there we go
it's looking it's looking much better
now is all getting cleaned out and the
Y's are getting tired up someone clearly
brushed the floor I'm like kid I'm
liking it good job Ken I think we're
definitely not keeping the purple water
I don't know not when we're you know
more than anyone where do you do yours
also analysis outside Alice's fucking
shit show and that's me more boys Ken's
laid out the cushions look at it looking
a cup well I say it laid out all the
cushions Ken got lazy only laid out half
of them because we don't know it got
into my table so today is ultimately
becoming a lazy chill-out day and I am
okay done are you having a shower in my
sink like I'm totally fine with it and
all that but haha okay okay yeah Tony
has a nice head on that there was way
too much gas in it nice clothes never
know about me baby
nice taxon and ensuring other sorts to
put like the chains dead the battery's
dead
and the mum's boyfriend does wire it
coming around and is going to sort out
if I omitted Wiimote bikes so we stream
around starting out that book we've got
a clash of fun I need that's starting
out on the but not like taking out the
house because he's going to go and do
something you know you're going to fix
it up but then I'm supposed to going out
anneal for Alice and cow but I might not
be able to do both management's fingers
crossed I can if not I don't think we'll
see Allison cow again before I cross to
New York this is not acceptable the
voyages and our way it's got eight
minutes to upload and then it'll
probably take 30 minutes to process into
a YouTube video for yesterday's vlog I'm
so white
I'm like actually really stressing out
right now I look like a really good week
of like no stress calm everything's fine
but for some reason like today
everything just kind of like stressing
me out if I were to go our bed at a
reasonable time I've been fine but
instead I walked but like two o'clock
and wake up at two o'clock the entire
day don't you all like pals up at once
so that's why you should go our bed
early start your fucking day okay that's
it I'm being proactive about today I'm
waiting from a visa I've gotta wait
until the email comes through to tell me
whether or not I can actually go to the
US tomorrow if it doesn't come through
we do welcome to the Thunderdome look at
you are you okay well tricked out hey
Darrin I got a new jacket Burroughs
going I've been what Frank Thomas yeah
nice what much that was stuff like if I
put my flashlight on when you just like
do reflective okay all that sun's out
low loads always been talked about on
this channel for the past I don't know
maybe like 12 months is cars cars cars
gotta show them love and that Darren's
the one to show them was he's he's a
bike me yes that that bikes dead it went
to mud Mecca and back but what happens
I'm back oh well with all the would heal
me heal me to play okay these are all
most difficult things to ever get off
you want absolutely oh wait no you wanna
five pounds off Prezi voxcom hey you can
be a billionaire no millionaire go on
starter off have you wrote this before
oh yeah
all right oh yeah don't stall it mate
don't the pressure the pressure
no way goodbye my lover goodbye my
friend and you trap them and open the
gate do you really have a good day
yesterday although it's great just I
just must get the vlog up like an hour
and a half right now so hey I'll see you
when I'm back from Eric okay gugus mr w
drive safe kids Coco Coco Coco Coco Coco
as you be crusty now the light floor by
my Mari goodbye my mother alright just
sold the bike from Joe get inside get it
tax and MOT didn't shit Darren can do it
all because he's like a god damn bike we
heard and now I'm now racing against
time to travel somewhere that's 30
minutes away in five minutes hmm well
the sky looks like it's burning down
again and I'm wearing shorts oh I'm cold
now opening the world's slowest gates
wait for it wait for it wait for it wait
for a how we top up the baby by the way
I know not suppose be on your phone at
the petrol station but I worked in best
Mythbusters and they prove that you know
extra loading hell she was sitting at
the wagon in I was maybe supposed to be
here at turn 7:45 it's now 8:30 I'm
sorry I'm late I think whether this was
a goodbye goodbye Tom meal free for us
might be obvious is what it is Mike real
28 days for Mother's Day weekend was
over it we're still alive all right yes
life Gayle Japan is a tree in your
dinner no yeah also guys thanks for
waiting for me to a GMO foods appreciate
it look pretty pretty little nut by that
oh yeah
look at the very very plain dinner
it looks so good I'm not actually too
short it it looks like a piece of ham
from like a cartoons now look up the
gift
oh you're whoa it looks like The
Tortoise has been sighted I might even
what happened do not explain myself oh
maybe they're just a little bring to
each other or something I'm sure sure
what's going on here Ken it is not
aftershave it's not have to Rangoon it
don't make him smell better
oh ah watch it wouldn't that much be
kind of cool
ah I'm gonna own a pirate take over the
console oh we're all being weighed over
by you do a little shape show so we're
going dad I can't take you seriously
I can't believe it a supervisor to pilot
this when you play it so I'm just having
a dump though a wagon in wait you can't
see the time wait break football very
nice wait you're on it guys consensus
out of 10 wagon in what unit yeah I'm
gonna go get 9 point yeah there it is so
give it a chance
no hold rate high free things I don't
bro mm you guys are really really that
high god I miss the stars really good
slow music Yahoo what about the way I
thought I thought it went the dessert
came late Oh
arrested for being drunk fit well I'll
see you guys like two three weeks how
far away is it I think she's about to
nothing's away yes two three okay okay
goodbye
oh it is cold for shorts right now
am I being clumped not quite for you
know what let's move to dick come out of
here
you know what timing is it is not yes it
is not 1109 all my clocks are backwards
Oh Charlotte calm down oh thank god we
don't have a fluffy hot enough at this
time or they're looking move for the
quirian cadburys hot chocolate the the
hot choc of god's and you must add three
feet while either heap heat spoonfuls of
hot chocolate mix for it to melt on top
all that looks pretty good melt my
pretty melt sink into the abyss which is
the milky Mountain oh it's sinking it's
melting it's like lava this is actually
this is actually insanely satisfying to
look up holy crap what look at this
whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh song get some David
anchor on the ship moment of truth has
my us Viva Viva near a river has my u.s.
visa been approved
oh your authorization approve expires
March 2019
I'm going to New York
hmm I was the natural well with that
role as well is your lungs gummy more
also thank you very much what you to
judge deadlock we did make sleep like
Prince Carlos you guys were black day
look Bo buddies
so what Oh No
