are you proud of it I said are you proud
of me
uh hi hi you're dead to me
goodbye dog new day I feel like you're
shy or did you cuz okay this is it we
are going to try and see how this sounds
because I don't know if it can be any
good but all my gosh was it expensive I
have no idea if I have to use a certain
app to use this or whether or not I can
just plug it into the phone and it
starts to work so let's just do this
sort of like case-knife that cell and
just plug it in and try and work it out
okay that looks a bit funky as you said
that doesn't exactly look like what the
box looks like I'm sure it's just
underneath this so if I slip it off
you'll be wondered a ha ha this it is
okay that looks a little bit under looks
exactly like it yeah okay ladies and
gentlemen it's on I don't like this
sounds a different I don't know if I
need to press the button or anything
laughs but apparently it should be
working and I should sound fabulous I'm
not convinced it made a difference
whatsoever but you know judgement day is
free and fiber hmm a lot of people say
Tom you eat from fiber that's like an
old man's cereal and you are right my
dad used to eat this when I was younger
and then I tasted except raisins in it
and oh my gosh if you've never had fruit
and fiber go and buy some try it thank
me later also have another package
what is this we have a gift note from
thief how sick I ruined that name I'm
sorry I Ron thanks for your amazing
blogs to keep me going throughout the
day I worked in a life insurance broker
do you have any life insurance if you
don't want to say I understand I
appreciate you calling me mr. t on
camera well mr. t I indeed do have life
insurance thank you very much but if
ever need it I'll somehow get in touch
with you but what the heck did you said
what is this what is this oh it's a
watchful Rhonda ha ha wait a minute I
get it now I'm not lost at the fact that
except you watch I'm laughing at the
fact that report for our on for a run or
run no way we have our foot well our
21st but our first ever what from the
audience to censor Ron yes exactly happy
to see thank you so much for that dude
he's going to absolutely love it as the
other bag of watching so you guys don't
know we're sending one not one we're
sending Ron who I met in the Cayman
Islands a massive massive package of
watches old no bullshit bro could work
in anything just because Ron loves
watches can he like salvage them it goes
them all up and as you guys don't he
gave me or what
so this watch is now going into the
collection of all the other random
watches like what is this one we've got
here we don't know but you know what
we're going to send it to run gotta be
messing with me another delivery
did someone send me a painting and the
box what what it ends our box
ah I think it might be a foundry funnel
wait for it
ah there's a starfruit tunnel oh wow
those good as well damn I like God ooh
that's cool-looking something that was
supposed to come probably about a week
ago
who decides whether I wanted this or the
stuff that I've already put up in my
office but we could potentially do all
the walls in this so you know the wall
doesn't get too dark and support Helga
he looks so satisfying to the eyeball
turns out I have a guess oh the cup runs
the freezing oh let's just count the
shower make Ally sort of part year with
a mates over the weekend
who is she trying to kid I found a piece
of glass on the floor she smashed on
Blanchett where the this is a billion
before i go i actually did remove all
the evidence yes you like it i did a
good job to none
hey check out with you did a nice I used
the shot I used my knife down lookout
one look at how good I did the courts
there thanks you liked it a lie but I
need to do the other walls I need to do
this wall and then this wall because
they act the sound still echoes a little
bit but no are you proud of it yeah wait
what did you just say come on Eddie
stop going to pull off yes ah come on I
use this glue in conduct I use this look
at you - nice day outside general
sunbathing
well okay you could have said maybe or
something give me a little bit of hope
nope just a straight-up no fine anyway
apparently my uncle might be stranded in
his house so we have to go and see if we
can rescue him I'm gonna have to get a
haircut eventually granddad it's getting
pretty long now innit
it's getting to a stage race ridiculous
all right close the road you have to
just a vlog is uploading I can relax all
need to do is get some nails for it and
we're good
ready right like said how's it going to
Jason oh I really can't the after the
hair we're going hot mode today I don't
know I look like an ass well alright
let's start this big I was today
actually supposed to help syndicate
original packed the orders that being
all the brand new shirts that came out
and I'm pretty sure by the way we sold
out of the brand new t-shirt design in
the UK so if you want to get one of the
new designs the only available in the US
well don't fear we will be restocking
them as soon as possible so just to let
people know and also the one phase right
now we're working on a sick sick hoodie
that may be only released at I sixty of
that design so if you want a sick Cody
make sure you're going to add sixty so
right now we're doing a search and
rescue mission for my uncle you guys
don't see him just because I just don't
see my uncle that often to be honest
bought my granddad's lives on the corner
from him I see some all the time and
apparently is not going to work for like
the past week like he hasn't got time
off or anything my eyes just not turning
to work my granddad did announced his
house to see his in and make sure he's
okay he's not on through his door so I'm
going to do a search around the side of
the house hoping I get shot because he
owned the guns and see if he's okay I
really hope he is because this was
fucking suck are you saying I was going
out in your car alright so at least we
know he's alive then all right
teamwork what do you think there's a
carabiner something hey you think
there's a cache will be dead jumped at
your skin
that was a I would say a successful
mission as we know is at least outhouse
so yeah jag with a two-piece Jack unless
someone's murdered
the Jag chingaari okay tomorrow your aus
dinner our five I'll bring a cake
dresser
and one looks away not in what you call
upon gaining with granddad booked I'm
not exactly a coffee drinker religion
like that but the reason just craving a
latte yeah probably cuz no you get
addicted to the caffeine book so let's
have an elastic got one for Alex come
did want one's got a toasty and now I'm
probably going to get driven insane by
hours as usual packing t-shirts right so
wish me luck now delivery for a
legendary company to so that all the new
shirts oh oh it's called Queenie will
talk to yourself okay yeah no it's no I
look at em today
oh well there was a cover-up job then
give me a dress after day I don't know
doesn't Adam I got you buddy I got right
this is somewhat that's pretty damn cool
quite a while ago from said Tom would
you like some custom mugs and plates
make you forget I was like what and lo
and behold and the Bailey has hooked it
up mugs with initials why can you get
mugs with your initial room you're
pretty sure this was supposed to come
for Christmas
Oh PS don't put a plate / mods in the
dishwasher it's real gold war world whoa
okay time to see these plates and most
guys what did you buy oh I just thought
about this I can't invite you to dinner
all the time and you don't brand-new
today sorry Jiraiya and you want to come
for hot bar I went still in Dublin all
right wait
my granddad run you askin me for invite
god that is a savage okay
so mom's off the phone now so we can
look at this mock first most kids but
the baboom
wait it says more I'm Nydia I thought
you said I thought you felt more but
it's just backwards in the camera so
got the reason why I acknowledge motd my
name is a kid I used to ride MOT like on
my pieces of paper at school tonight but
anyhow there you go and this is some
fancy Tom I love it oh my gosh
Emma we need one that there's life off
an atomic I can keep them right at my
kitchen sighs well good
hopefully these stars rise up and put a
small place so little plate please
teamwork anyone he's real gold what the
heck kind of word that I can't use these
plates because they may be decorative
purposes but look how awesome that is
such that she sent a few all right next
one all this is looking like a good one
white and black oh that is sick black
with gold outline I like it I like it
see I thought she said I thought that's
it and available that I spoke common
sense minutes it's a signature eBay list
oh look I didn't know what that thing
meant at the bottom underneath it but
it's one of one so it's like yeah oh yes
very limited one of one all right long
blossom become an idiot all right let's
get into this one actor and last but not
least we well you can use it to put
sandwiches of the material Wow Emma all
that hard work done for a funeral cause
so this is pretty damn sick you guys are
so talented
Emma thank you so much for this she
actual real gold on this like expensive
well I'm not used to having cups of tea
of food on a gold plate ever thank you
so much for these incredible now that is
how to do a birthday card to hurry
you're a wizard happy birthday thank you
all right yeah all right Tim works I'd
like to point out the fact I was
intended on coming here today to help
you pack all this water all footway yeah
take that back what kind of waiting for
you to take back do you want a present
if you felt like sending the presence of
Alice
poor to Alice on the thing and then the
peel box the seal boxes down below
I sent a delivery for you but you have a
weekend as well I'm that one cave and
everyone fell in a room you can you
point one out yeah thick told us
yourself it's double O and you say it
can sell lot castle because we don't
clean it also happens don't risk a can
you see me trying to walk can roll a
gift note from kit Henderson Heights
I'll be watching your channel for a very
long time just want to give a little
back there's a headphone hold up your
headphones so that you don't get the
black rims on your monitor okay thank
you very much my man you did not do that
at all hope they're enough okay that's a
weird-looking head stand there we go
also if people order any syndicate
original shirt in the next two days or
so and you have a chance to get assigned
a little thing if you care about it
inside you copy them but if you do I've
signed like a bunch of these and Alice
is going to put me in random order so if
you order like a wristband or a t-shirt
or hold it or anything then you can you
can get with them if you're interested
in a someone's public in order and don't
doesn't want it whatsoever and the like
who'd it helps crippled on it all right
I'm going dropping this off to the kid
Mozilla home to love absolutely right
yeah okay love me lovely once again hmm
wrong again Logan all right nah yeah
tomorrow I'll be here to pack all right
hi Alice bye mum all right no Clara I
think I've made it to the right area of
where Logan limps for what I don't know
you don't want fine shit house number me
your son : good yeah did you write an
email all right there you go
I did find the right place fight so I
did make it to the right house I look so
sketchy walking up and down driveways
because I got like that I thought I was
like going up to the door scripted at
the numbers but this is Logan you
absolutely champion a because you like
the shirt yeah yeah I'm liking as well
and this is your brother what's your
name
Owen here is like six foot five and it's
what the font is what he did 14 it's
just not even funny but we managed to
hook him up with a shirt honestly mommy
watching this thank you for letting me
know to like drop this offering and gave
you three responses alright yeah and
also because I found out now we wear
cool hats you need a better hat than
that one
yes just saying so we'll send you a
brand new city original on games all
right there you go make quite absolutely
brilliant Loganlea some way I so amazing
and so inspiring like I can't express
how amazing you guys are as an audience
because Logan be leukemia one and then
he said it will never come back and five
years later it came back and he's
battling it again now and he seems so
positive and he's so stoked and he's
like you know you're going to be it and
even if it comes a third time he'll beat
it again but fingers crossed that we
know it's not going to not going to come
back and it's going to be it anything to
be happy so it can get playing back
football Logan if you're watching this
right now mr. Logie bear I know your
YouTube channel you and your brother are
awesome and just keep your chin oh man
we're careful self if you ever need me
you know how to get in touch we have
made it home at I only just got home and
I'm already going back out it's a dinner
date night and my date is Tom McCullar
hey Tom and you started a new job yet if
I hear this song anymore I'm going to
die Amana said I don't ever want to hear
that song again and then Tom account
start playing storm Z I like toms the
guy would have rolled Imogen I'm just
not into that kind of music that was
storms it you said oh great now we're
listening to Drake and even visit the
Drake
then we'll please give me my sunglasses
back for either wait Nando's with the
boy Tom Tom let's go bowling
come on let's go bowling why not
why'd you make me sad fun my daddy's
been doing playing fucking Drizzy and
Johnse and shitty
with the 15-20 minute wait so hopefully
if bowling is it busy and we're going to
go do one lane of Bowl and we're going
to do a 1v1 I'll place your bets
come on picture of it Koscheck I thought
you got a LAN line that you don't
anything about a fight like a bull yeah
oh my god is all you guys as well
well I will be with my maid I'm just
kidding yeah yeah Oh edgy just change
oh really all right because I bumped
into these last and you watch the vlogs
what I'm going to do is sick
first person to get strike will do a
fool but first person to get strike we
all give them a fiver yeah perfect
every girl Tommy's not impressed
Tommy's not happy 360 and that's how you
would look so that's I'm sitting no way
no oh yeah we go ahead and we have it
some got 74 I got 104 good game jumps
again
are you ready knows feel pretty bad give
me the drink you give it back
yeah give him all right you go get the
table meet you in there so go slow
between so alright but was going to buy
marine and oh well that was well done
yeah I was just waiting to pay it Nando
and but it came with the souls and I
want to say wireless contact with and
then it randomly pops up on the bill
saying random acts of kindness and then
always yank it where enjoy a finger at
what did you give me an under-23 what
Holly is there got an answering wedge in
here
so god damn good to halloumi cheese
before you complain about now well it's
the last result I'm obviously going to
say yes I'm not gonna be like no you're
dead to me
sure I can't drive just not very well
you see this dead guy oh trying to play
go on press it feel good do that
otherwise no any pension as me all the
time so what I'm planning is you this
because this just looks like it just
sticks straight to it like a peel and
stick sort of thing so maybe this yeah
so you see what I'm saying I can just
cut it drop the crumb again okay all
right yeah that's what I'm thinking what
I could either do it like this but then
it looks like a different phone oh I can
get white versions of that what do you
think I funky them too bad too funky
I don't mind at me and it comes in
bigger pieces you know so it can I'm not
going to take me forever to do so we can
do all that wall and all this wall in
that sort of stuff so then it doesn't
make it too dark to room otherwise
pressing this house well my other some
white versions that see what they look
like but if you look crap can go without
I just drink a cup of tea out of the
tamil rather than the dick mug just
saying this looks like exactly what I
want my office check the towel that dick
I want to and add the basket thank you
it is 1217 a.m. and I'm absolutely
exhausted so what I'm going to do is
just say good night but before I do I
posted probably the most amazing picture
of me and Joe whilst we're on our
holiday to Ireland on Instagram by
someone called excuse my friendship but
his name is shitty watercolours you ever
heard of him absolutely incredible
I'll put a link to my Instagram right in
the top of the description right here go
check it out it's absolute amazing if
you look at the rest of the guy's phone
is amazing as why did you lock me it
does a lot of stuff with Dan and Phil
and like other youtubers so like an
honor for him to draw me so I hope you
guys really liked it
Plus at the same time I did post the
dirtiest assholes conch turtle wait what
lizard turtle turtle lizard and Nemo
from Sam Hughes incredible portable
South onions you're looking like idiots
so make sure you drop your file now I'll
just search for syndicate in your famous
tray away but I'm gonna go now so thank
you very much for watching make sure you
leave a like rating subscribe and I will
catch you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. oh
shit ok it's ok once you could join me
at 6 p.m. for the daily books with
children's likes watching I'll catch you
guys tomorrow
deels that was a really slow outro
because the desk was not moving five
laps
