hey boss what we can't go that I'm going
to burn you to the ground so why's there
a slice of bacon X on my face anything
so it's P speed sir jeez why is this
here biggest and then not wrong Tom your
lady shit with this leader
oh why don't you mix it up
I don't we're supposed to leave here an
hour ago
I check out I'm packed ready to go
Andrey leave you look at you who make
your own bet in your piece of things bed
shoulder together and car ah he's like
the worst fucking alarm clock in the
world oh shut up
under the worst headache ever I'm not
joking Joe mate not really oh god we
hear that song one more time I actually
might fight somebody
good night I listen to this how it is
that if you like a minute deprivation
chamber the stuff in your ears
ah nah I'm pretty sure I'm ice to
convince some guy that I didn't like my
coat so we swapped coats last night no
joke we actually traded yeah we're now
gained a guest a guest Jackie which I'm
pretty sure is the thing with my dad's
today is gonna be a long day
we're just visiting it's like just like
Joseph I'm struggling but I'm struggling
cuz like my head still feels pressurized
like a hat I think I'm so my head so
pressure I feel like someone's got
fingers in my ears
I'm never gonna hear sounds like echoes
like I'm underwater it's annoying I
don't know why just like this I don't
say now I'm sure you guys know if Joe
but this has been the greatest two-day
trip probably my life is really simple
swimming hey we were probably just doing
it and we couldn't in style live by the
life speed shot made them always we do
go out get shit done and have fun we'll
do better
absolute pleasure we completed Dublin
and if we go to the inspection then we
concluded earlier if not that we have to
come back either we every don't get
redundant which is cool drunk Christmas
yeah and the vlogs approver yeah I think
I may have found the cure for handover
so for our five minutes straight I'm
having fun with I noticing taking photos
of me as a selfie again and again again
and again and again again and again
coming it on again oh yeah
daddy not is what you get this is where
you hang out with her not folder - thing
when I was in pajamas you do the no
sweat that's not a PhD the credibility
lose when your purse gonna be on Union
go for it okay but I'm finally in home I
look like you thought the law like
you're sorry me then you then you and
you concentrate it my god roles go over
now but well it's nice we found out on a
change a lot in defensive mode on
extremely well guys you're like a human
pufferfish like a friend of him oh so
potent upon now
yes what Dean I can't believe you were
that close to the guinea sputtering no
way how do we not go make another one
who keeps dealing yeah yeah tours a lot
of crap the toes a little crop yeah
you're Irish you're supposed to tell it
to it half go what the hell happened
absolutely no chicken our
the station is Manchester for tonight
Roger yeah I'm doing this now I'm gonna
say goodbye to you now just so I can
keep my phone in my pocket and stay
focused on getting home on back Joe it's
been a pleasure
honestly I've had fun I can't wait till
next time and hey we'll see what the
future holds all right
all right buddy mr. neck yeah hopefully
no alcohol because me and Joe are in a
bad spot right now Oh creepiest Oh huh I
thought you wanted to go home earlier
that's pretty late but my point is not
feel like 80 oh yeah why did you come
it's three o'clock see each end up with
the airport this late
I feel like this early we can't function
right now no we can't no we can't but
should it's like that's like just a
slight pause wait where doesn't you can
be like I know I did this way finally
just like pile the fact that I have no
idea who's kotas is I'm pretty sure i
traded my coat
I am gonna be stuff like you have a clue
so yeah whatever you do enjoy an email
it sits in the water like fine a
youtuber book is you thought of what he
had actually told me she's got her own
book club yeah ha look up you do you
sisters on like every book here hey what
are you doing you're such a bad poori
firstly I'm not anywhere near you sick
as always I've got you there yo first
nice thing about you shyness intrusion
wait Joe look this your book that's the
first time I've ever seen your book
Joe oh yeah yeah
sorry zoella Joe's better than you yeah
I have acquired my ticket and Joe's
flight is not at 8 o'clock it's at 8:45
just waiting here for 4 hours and if I
watching Titanic you could watch two
movies in that man it's ridiculous this
is a really good idea keep going with it
just randomly while throughout the
airport fighting play sort of people go
back to Sisko we can't do that's
something we could do that crazy I'd
rather do that when I'm not hungover
though people think I'm bad when it
comes to drinking you're terrible no
dude I've got shake like my I'm like try
my best not to shake good thing slightly
I don't actually drink I don't drink in
a week I Spit on weekend and that's good
to know you're not an alcoholic save
them out and about with me yeah I've
never been from the motor home yeah no I
never really sat down and going you want
I want a bit on my own and a social
thing yeah okay this is really
uncomfortable because I'm gonna tell ya
that's what we did that's the only
reason why we drunk because we're in
Dublin yeah it really is drinking you
are we people who are ways people if you
watch Joe's vlog all right I'll put
Joe's channel leak so the blog there all
right
he watches the blog so he knows I forget
everything but jokes together this
morning and I can disclose wherever I'll
even in college no you haven't
I look never
this guy dying I mean watch it on the
plane I'm the last of them for good
Apple you see you are got another four
hours here it'll be waitresses like the
Vice in that boy
you could you can fly anywhere I'm going
to limit it it goes to came out and
touch me and again I'm only limit in
whistle what's the tin whistle tonight
you've got a family to invent it I
possibly can get the left again
definitely well they're right you're
going to do all right
go ha ha - it - aircraft and that's it
the Geo has been separated a fucking
lock oh my gosh the journey home begin
honey
good luck boys
look all right medic to Manchester and
it is miserable weather absolutely
miserable look who I need in my life
farmer I am struggling so hard right now
to one not be hungover to stop getting
on the toilet because Guinea no one
warned me of this fact you stood on a
toilet for at least five hours I have
been fighting non-stop since I touched
that first guinea side drunken Island
but anyway how is the wall holding up Oh
none of them have fallen up so that is
good news okay and I know for a fact my
sister and friends have drawn on the
wall you know the chalk wall let's see
what they've done moment of truth Oh No
would be right okay that was Joe was
amazing creation that was kneeled and
that was the goal this wouldn't here
what time there wasn't it she's a happy
little person that looks nice in there
Sean thank you for welcoming us into
your home much appreciate great weekend
yeah Cheers there is no oh that's really
nice of them yeah perfect oh by the way
I got Joe to sign it does really and I
definitely need to do what I said I was
going to do which is the whole you know
open tomorrow you get a Polaroid camera
so I can take photos of like even really
good individual drawings or like the
whole wall together as mother and then
put this as like a cork wall sort of
thing like a black car pole or a white
car cause and Rama and then I can pin
all the part with to it so that wall
will just be flooded with polarizer
that's like a really really cool idea 26
minutes past 12:00 in the morning
you better know I'm making some soup
noodles and trying to eat healthy just
went straight down the drain kind of
like took the back got the vlog or it
went up really late yesterday so if
you're watching today's vlog I apologize
that I really really did not intend on
that happening and HS because when I go
out pine and get really drunk the next
day I wake up in a hungover might I
really don't edit that's why I honestly
want to stop drinking because I had a
great time last night and I do not hate
it whatsoever but it's just not worth
the downside of the hangover
so that won't being late the next day
you know I had fun it's just not worth
it
so either way even though I got
distracted with the vlog and all that
sort of stuff I then started watching
airplane simulator videos from video
games for like two three hours
so unfortunately I've got because men1
bet really got damn late and now it's
252 in the afternoon and I'm pretty much
all just I'm a day and I wonder if my
guest is good okay wait for it wait for
it where it is
alright guys but I'm going to go now so
thank you very much for watching make
sure leave a like rating subscribe I
will appreciate all the brand new
probably never joining the family my
granddad's break and everything but I'll
entertain this geezer for the day now so
we're I'm gonna get the blog up right
now and I will see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for the next daily vlog what I
need you to do now is to go is to say
this sarios adios bet you don't know
perfect
