it's a new dawn it's a new day Rick I
got breakfast and it's not this is
exactly what I want to see what is that
that is your homemade cocktail homemade
cocktail pizza wings and wedges reading
this is the first time I'm gonna try it
I'm gonna give you a ring out and ready
oh that's not good it's not sweet and
it's not sour a big way to go trouble -
that's the name it's complicated yeah
hey guys thanks for full night
I'm glad that I have a four-bedroom
house and we all slept on this sofa ten
o'clock in the morning ten o'clock in
the mornin look who I found
what how does this work
all right kids thank you for coming I'm
going to sit outside the front of my
house and capture some time for the next
two hours possibly possibly a bicycle
ride hey I might show you that wonders
well I have a yes I recommend I can't
believe how nice it is I love up in
these doors open
it's just beautiful I need a barbecue
here immediately so I'm going to go off
to America for about two weeks
we're going to a my gonna cook when I
get back are you not sure with me hey
Mario homie come here yeah and I can
create him a car cam do hey whilst I'm
in America trying to pick up some
cooking lessons with someone right
do you like super noodles yeah good
because I thought okay okay good I'll
buy one of those like ready meals and
antennae cooked it well I don't really
intend on falling off but I look like
Peter Pan appear if a gust of wind comes
it'll blow this dressing-gown opening
you'll see my bollocks why are you
walking when I said that oh man it's
like 3:45 and I've not even started
yesterday's vlog which is going to take
me forever to do so I really
to get my shit together say goodbye to
my granddad under get it's died because
otherwise it's gonna be late
get out get out take the bird poo with
you take the birthday with you and get
out I'll see you before you go yeah I
might not see you before couple we yeah
like two weeks all right okay hey high
five now okay that that works I've got
my keys you me I I said a facebook jug
is right in your arms of steel table
yeah go and get your beat clean look at
her she needs it needs a good wash nice
and wash all right mate I feel a boy
you've just got a lovely run this is so
great
got it they'd like to that make you like
England every other today you just like
oh I don't do at home do I don't do it I
want to do it okay well hey got a
package from Amazon again haven't
ordered anything recently haha I think
as always it's not for me that I checked
in case says before me hand on it I sort
of like that but yeah not for razor so
who could it be
or what creepy let's open up our eyes oh
well is this strobing big one oh my god
what okay hello once again one my name
is pronounced safety topic don't ask why
I just start with like two I was
supposed to say wrong but I spell Erin
for some reason and three I've corrected
your name enjoy dude
safe safe safe throwing thank you for
the yeah the strobing vague I say you
better know you better know that next I
having some McCallum's here he's gonna
be drinking out that thing without a
doubt sweetness - to get the vlog is it
worked money to get the vlog edit it is
525 it's it's going to take 45 minutes
to upload you may know is that I am now
changed back into my mountain bike
equipment because I am going another way
oh I hope she's charged filled hopefully
my dad and everyone should be at the top
of the hill so it's gone fine GoPro is
jazz Oh
my shoes are gonna be wet and soggy
something you probably never want to
hear come on shore up what God my ass is
sore from yesterday
Oh this seat is like rock solid self oh
this is going to take summer Oh woody
help so we should ride they said it'll
be fun later
I'm so healthy ah let's go Tony let's go
- bike ride they said no let's start
with dude bikes were valid for a photo
all right don't talk oh cool yeah I'm
not doing that with this thing on it
fine we're going on a bike ride but this
clearly looks like there's been much
hangings here which is terrifying so I'm
gonna leave now before I get murdered
tough right oh this is nice it's nice
and muddy hmm delicious oh here we go to
the factory such an ambulance Tony go
ahead so don't get tricky be our uncie
down on deck
whoa whoa whoa Rumble rocks right now
yeah fucking work look at it I will spin
so so like you want to go on four studs
in their eyes this disabled story you
just dip your life
and it's a long way to go from
something-something karaoke machine
starting I don't dream fuck is it with
those instead I'm pretty sure I'm
gaining a fuck I hear we're just bring
this down yeah I think you did Ricky
going to make everything all right yeah
she's launched the writing trees in it
okay I vote on the trees okay so not
going your front brake okay
seat post down yep yes yeah
it's drifting sideways oh hell yeah
yeah that was fun month Oh got it I was
amazing Wow play oh man down man down
I keep getting shit in my eye of my
wheels why did no one tell me to bring
some boxes book date God hey Ron I'm
right boy hello hello hey man hope Tony
is a kilobyte I know thanks okay cut
some grass This Is It this is the good
stuff
oh well you took the whole thing You
cheeky bastard
you guys still my bike I can tell hello
Oh Alice point is beautiful
so nice I found a friend
Wow look at it you oh my god look at the
Sun freaky hell what a house location
well done
who is that yeah what a weird house
what how random is not nice but not my
take that's for sure
good you can't to get really cold yummy
I will do a neck you so much so much
mood dad this is ridiculous pretty soon
he went early right oh no no no I don't
know this electric mower of ever
grumbles
this
well I get one fire
come on little sidetrack so wild garlic
fucking stink oh it's a beautiful char
beautiful hold water you're going down
to the football to this book right with
it before you taking a panoramic no
pressure okay no pressure don't fuck
this up Khan Richard Oh Richard ah okay
like tips is that yeah not trying to die
today we've already seen a car crash
yesterday so classic thing - this week
he'll the next two minute clip we're
gonna watch it was riding down a hill
and it's really really audio intense
like it's like ah so if you want to turn
your volume down turn it down now the
next few minutes thank you yeah let's go
meet your heart oh no idea I mean I got
a little spotlight on Jan you have done
that nope a lot like the police you're
online you're not mean I'd love to be
able to do that Thanks so think oh dude
you can eat one for did you do it honest
oh no way
oh my god with the same don't cry
right
knock five hey got the core 38 like
minute right uncle sorry told you am i
doing it professor princes well you know
yeah hi save our everything alright
oh my go broad happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Wesley happy birthday to you
geography job did you get it look good
after the next day after we were strong
offensive it was good continue your room
yeah because a suggested as why we can't
I think it build it I can't life of Tom
into the shop floors cement so hopefully
yeah that's only so hopefully like
forever
in the future I'll just say life of Tom
oh there's a piece of sh and everything
it's a wedges birthday today so I got
and a happy white card and hopefully
appreciate it also ever what I'm giving
you a rose a girl got it Oh Ricky's 20
years
oh and I hope it's worth it I think it's
the best one oh my god I know I don't
have a ring no but then a birthday today
it is a pot way let's do it my wonderful
life will then open it it goes into
mother's day
not what we be my wife thank you good
Steven hell oh you be my wife I did
kidding here
you ruined it you really lit my god it's
so cool my dad come so prepared with
like a coal and the jumper meanwhile me
not so much get emotionally well you
know louder than my goodbyes there yeah
I'll run them good today I woke up I had
no idea what we're gonna do today
and then you arrived in the way of it
reunited we back together again soon I
get that one yeah if I get that one
coming you have to get back over here
see it won the track and then we'll
smash alright that's only half a state
at night and I'm already laying in bed
absolutely exhausted and tired and I am
cozy so I'm gonna stay quite well thank
you okay right now it is 11 o'clock at
night and I was just laying bed chilled
out watching youtube videos not socks if
I was actually what she saw sled last
ever livestream right side way I just
got some cash up the cash machine
because what kind of food can you get 11
o'clock at night one which is my
favorite simply Chinese salt I'm savage
akin sweet corn and chicken soup said
that backwards but whatever I'm thrown
fuckers I just don't want to look I just
don't want to look how is it possible to
make more mess having a party with only
two people to me great Ricky great to
get how are you possible to make more
mess with them they did the entire
cocktail party I had the other weekend
that's where my vlog ended I ate Chinese
food right in bed and watched marbled
Iron Fist which after like seven
episodes actually gets really good so I
kind of do recommend it just skip the
first seven there's just no worth it but
I want to thank you guys for watching I
hope you enjoyed today's WOD you did
make sure leave a like crane lets me
know you guys are enjoying it subscribe
and I want you to comment let me know
what your favorite food is from a
Chinese restaurant or if you do i do not
like honey dad I need you to do my outro
for me again as always
that'll do that guys let's do it
