oh that's one way to starting the snow
has come down even stronger overnight it
was a blizzard about an hour ago and the
defender no I know I know everyone will
see videos of Tom rhodanese defender of
the snow yeah toy people oh well that
would be the case but I'm actually gonna
get a train to London with you and we're
going doing another Make A Wish but not
just that we're going to doing two more
maker wishes down in London
so hopefully the trains are still
running won't be delayed won't be
canceled
and we can go and meet these very nice
lovely gentlemen so let's do this okay
yep this is a oh my God look how deep it
is going up with his boobs oh this is
ridiculous absolutely doesn't even look
like one vehicles but open down this
road in the slightest it's completely
still snowed over but we're not walking
down to the other Street trying grab a
taxi to get to the train station on time
so all the snow being blown off the
houses riding a mountain Viking this was
one thing left I walk along my roads
like a winter wonderland I suppose
before I enough to like I think Iceland
tomorrow but if the weather still stays
bad then she might not actually be able
to vote fingers crossed you will but
mate you need to go to Iceland Iceland
for snow you can just call me a fish I'm
hoping that that sucks that's not about
to drive away cause he's already drove
away once I did bloody wait for us he
just left
we're stuck in a bloody blizzard mate
wait I think he might be reversing
actually yes neck stop stop poor train
station that's not gradually Hey that
taxi driver was it absolutely even when
even took a right on a no right turn
turn and we were like but hey we made it
hope that the Train isn't cancelled
English Christa roof because I've seen a
lot of cancelled
made the train we're being basic with
the table we thought we had to know
where we were from you kidding me oh
that's rude
pretty intense I'm going and going and
going
we use good Oh God what's good
commit to the cause train keeps what
blue music I don't move
the train is you have a bit too happy
about doing this like a bit too happy
about doing this how am I gonna look
really agressive like I'm evilly staring
at people though Jimmy doesn't said no
did you put him in it what are you
putting it in just a sock in it just
come here I can tell the difference
current situation current situation
ducking in my eyebrows difference yeah
oh yeah you can't rush it
you can Oh like we've got a really thick
eyebrow really poignant angry eyebrow
well never want to experience that again
all disappeared from down here for
further we get into London the more it
should reappear number where you stood I
don't know the words I'm not even gonna
try it in other words the canopy and
then we're gonna hop off the train which
is very cold in London and head to our
next destination
an underground and an underground burrow
until underground
she's got about a 33 minute destination
trend should get you ready to go
hopefully I don't know where we go to
what we do but we're doing it what's
everyone staying here everyone seems to
believe in the train platform we need to
be getting off him but whatever all part
of my plan I wasn't doing to make a wish
I was coming to the famous cook when in
doubt XP Baha open o XP XP playtime I
don't know I just heard a noise coming
from inside there but I finally know
what this is I could could have googled
this hours ago but it's basically like a
gaming place for video games board games
like Warhammer all sorts of stuff pretty
cool location as well near the side of a
canal slippy slippy XP Cantina exp XP
here we go right I guess is how we get
inside so don't make a wish you usually
meet people like you've never met before
and it could do anything they want in
life but this guy I've already met your
insomnia so let's try and get you out to
the next one organize that I've already
make you there but then you chose to do
a wish to come here and meet me now
which is crazy but look at these little
this is them this is the ER what was it
now the proto this is proton therapy
really I just can't quite wrap my head
around this because this legend over his
from weeds this guy is from Manchester
and I'm like why you want in London so
the make of wish people tried to
organizers all doing it together
and apparently London was the best spot
to do it but either way likes to shove
it mostly and it's now time to kick your
ass on do this right
listen don't you start flirt with my
girlfriend alright trying to let her win
but how's it going you're in sixth place
second and third alright okay she can
hold their own I say all set obviously
about to get an Xbox one their book will
still class that as alt as well and
we're over here I'll sell ready to play
some overwatch so these guys are jumping
in some game you chose that character
yeah you chose the woman who freezes
things rather than the guy with shotguns
or like eight arms that's personal
choice well you see this guy chose one
of the cool characters yeah that's what
I'm talking about
says he's better over the control of
what he's going absolutely am Baroni
gone geezer yet go on lad oh well maybe
I maybe I started filming how many time
the elimination sitting ah
20 22 now he definitely got play of the
game
alright the weather outside is getting
pretty intense this guy rocking and
rolling on his cell we got these two
ready on there so and I'm ready our
minds are about to join some overwatch
and
it wasn't my choice to be let's go let's
go boys you mess with the best
Oh boys I'm on the payload there's a guy
up top there's a guy up top on the right
yeah I'm just gonna go ya ass you up
about the scheme wrong
think of your back yeah they got my back
this is proper team workers property
concentration in the Truman I can call
the tension with a knife
yes nobody wants to let this team down
oh yeah all right well what I found out
is this guy has all the tips and advice
of how to be a good overwatch player
that these lads they gave me some advice
I was running around as an as a woman
like fire and I saw people and it didn't
work but this guy told me to your bus
you absolutely stopped it this guy got
like wipes out pretty much the entire or
the enemy team and once again thank you
so much for my randomly picking me as
you wish you could have done anything
you wanted you could have gone anywhere
you want it for you chose to spend time
based on
and once again thank you for my first
ever make a wish star never ever those
before so I appreciate me thank you he
knows exactly what he's doing he's like
I don't even need to look but a wing
mirrors on this thing hey you guys
brother hey I know you strung but that
was I just lifted him over this step oh
my goodness me we need to work with a
disability run for this may you've got
to start doing some drift in the carpark
god I start doing some spends a day
watch well I see and slippy yeah you be
careful me yeah it's all coming down now
we should so what's the fun then are you
going are you going back home tonight or
tomorrow do you have anything planned
well sure in London not really a the
Harry Potter will devote it's pretty
cool just me say that right now me and
Lydia might try and go over to it so if
you go there tomorrow I might see you
it's like three two one push okay we got
some wheel spin here may you know that's
one thing I've never thought about a
wheelchair in the snow he needs some
winter tires on that thing
he needs some spikes yeah you're gonna
have to upgrade it me you need spikes
and when it tires on that thing you
proper got some wheel spin there like
that was mine but I'd say from
make-a-wish thank you so much for
organizing would say it's like a magical
winter wonderland but to be honest all
the transports just gone to absolute
crap so nonetheless it's been amazing
time with these guys apart from your
nearly buddy breaking your neck getting
in here I'll see you next time all right
scene is that you're only from Leeds hey
Joe help me on my outro well thank you
very much for watching make sure you
leave a like krei and subscribe well
we've gone from drifting in his
wheelchair
so now drifting a wheelchair inside a
van in london so let's hope this goes
smoothly we have all the faith in the
world in you drivers thank you so much
he really has rested as the snow is
proper proper coming down now so kind of
magical in it light really is
roads are getting pretty gnarly to be
honest like I don't know whether being
in a vehicle that's heavier I think I
was gonna say it's a good thing and it's
got more grip of you yeah may that's the
one thing like this man he's so died
thank you so much brother what a nice
guy we just tried the entire way home
then about like getting cinoman stuff
like I said I've never done a
make-a-wish where this too so it's kinda
difficult I split my time between him
and then the other guy just like quite a
lot so we just we were in the tax then
for half an hour driving together we got
to speak to and get get to know him
quite a lot so really nice like hotel
located any nice and warm now as you
said this I know this is like weirdly
going just start deep but you know what
just walking from across the road to
here is maybe I think about homeless
people like I couldn't imagine
yes minus 3 it was minus 7 in some
places what I'm wearing jeans a top or
hoody a co gloves
thick socks and shoes and I'm still
freezing
imagine being homeless oh my god right
so we're gonna meet know we have Caliban
he's family now for dinner but I had to
ring the restaurant it was like hi yeah
it's this is Callum there and he was
like what's his mum collars like I
forgot the name
and I was like forgot my brother's name
so I was like I get is there a 15 year
old boy in your restaurant with his mom
and brother sounded super weird thing I
was like I don't know what you're
talking about give me your phone number
and I'll pass it on I was like sure
luckily Callan just rang me from the
restaurant so the guy passed on the
message and we're gonna go meet up with
him now but I also despite this the
furniture inside this hotel anything
that could spot there's a roll the
defender up there oh my goodness me what
are the chances of that I just
remembered I forgot not exactly to
extact about that but it's time to come
brave the storm out inland and so let's
go meet Callum is so cold too sure what
is right in there Ville I was just
saying I hope he's gonna stay nice and
warm I bring you to Z Slough can do to
Sookie look at that there's the London
Eye how absolutely gorgeous is that
it's so magical oh let's take a selfie
totally not taking the mick out of those
people okay so all I gotta do is get
around the corner walk a little bit I'm
not too bloody sat now but if I had to
guess one minute 30 seconds but then we
got walk on the corner 2077 any more
questions we sat down I've got no more
GPS signal sorry I think he's just down
in possibly along this row of
restaurants not 100% sure to be honest
that it was actually not sure isn't it
pretty
London in the snow
Oh drifted knives go on just slide your
skidder go on skidded noise hey go let's
try you to the left to the left we made
it to the restaurant on to the left
we're only 30 minutes late but we've got
stuck in the snow are you doing sorry we
took so long together not gonna lie I
was expecting like a a mixed grill you
know like an english mix grilled back
sort of look not a mixed grill about
what sure you immediate got the same
opinion on this and we it looks like
it's warm and it's in a pot that's
supposed to be warmed it looks like it's
been heated on the top ball it's
freezing it's ice-cold this entire day
to work out it's mums Scottish what
where's your accent I can't go flavour
that that's pretty good well for
slightly disappointing I have to say
mate look he'll wrap to play him look
what he's wearing
yeah that's totally fine I feel like
filming them so I feel like one of
them's gonna fall a well I tell you what
that restaurant really good pick I don't
remember you took a long time to decide
it or it was just because it was across
the road unit out of ten what you're
giving it out turn the food I'm gonna go
nine point nine because the rice pudding
was cold but yo really good restaurant I
think we should go let him inside now
because we've been stood outside but
even though it's like yeah your hotels
over there we've been spilled out same
fridge as well some volume up dude it's
very very nice to see you again already
very insomnia and then it used to make a
wish to see me again very nice to meet
you guys as well thank you very much for
your time and hopefully get home safe
I'll see you again soon because you live
round the corner for me yeah
we ain't getting the train and we're
go in get an uber let's hope the
weather's not gonna get too bad we'll
look at the state of the floor this fall
is usually like white oh he got it
it almost looks like an art display or
something looks like a it looks like
after I'd finished hydral difficult he s
more information on incased coming soon
but nonetheless hey remember that
building do you remember it we have what
what did we go there for god what did we
go there for the Bladerunner 2049 this
place is just such a gorgeous City at
night absolutely I used to not be keen
on London at all but it is growing I
thought we'd drive into a hole on the
ground well I didn't know this was here
on my garden
not ready for that one that was quite
okay so we're doing a guessing game of
what does a hotel room how that why am I
gonna be impressed by it not impressed
sixty Seconds I've got 60 seconds if you
can remind me or something we're doing a
timer I've got 60 seconds is it inside
the main room I missed it
hairdryer is a AC unit it's in here it's
got the water it's got the one one in
one in the one in more use shower gel
harren body shower gel are in one well
as you can tell it's an insanely cold
day right now in London but we're
getting trained to continue on traveling
but I'm pretty sure I said this in
yesterday's vlog I might not I didn't
but in tomorrow's vlog we're supposed to
be going off to do the next maker was in
Cambridge bomb fortunately it's not
gonna be happening so to find out more
about that in tomorrow's vlog but
nonetheless I do have to go now so hope
you enjoyed it it was a pleasure to meet
the families and the guys who I met at
the make-a-wish I had a really good time
it was awesome that we get to get like
the the car journey home with the first
family and then the second family we
managed to get through this well which
was like really nice so we might as just
be nice a little bit extra time with
them which was that cool so you know a
bit one-on-one time because the
make-a-wish was with both of them at
once so it was hard to kind of like you
know split my time but anyway
nonetheless I had a really nice time
meeting those guys thank you for making
me here wish you your absolute legends I
know a lot like a potato but I have to
go now so thank you very much for
watching leave a like rating subscribe
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next day
let's see how this weather pans out I
don't even know if we're getting home
yet
