4:20 in the morning and I'm wide awake
for some reason I'm awake again I have
been awake for about an hour I just
cannot get back to sleep there's always
what I was doing hot chocolate and
there's no better hot chocolate than
Cadbury's drinking hot chocolate oh dear
oh dear
never no wait the new daily vlog is
uploaded and it's going to take a
one-point hour well that time just
represent the fact that it is all hell
or light as all hell so I'm gonna go to
bed now for probably like 3 or 4 hours
and then get up and stomach yeah can you
get back to sleep not really successful
to what extremes are you guys going to
let it get before you say get a haircut
because this this this is not control is
it cool is it rainy can you tell can you
tell as it's called is it rainy can you
tell hmm it's kind of cold I'm kind of
ready bones of the Baskervilles what the
hell is going on like wacky goddamn
races however we're about to put the
dress on et off my phone and I now have
a dinner date and now we sit and wait
for Kyle to appear from somewhere the
one day I don't offer to run my sister
and mum a coffee they ring me and
Blackcomb he goes coffee and I'm like
I'm gonna do it but first of all
laughter wait because I need some food
in me so I'm having Nando's for
breakfast going to try something
different off the menu forms I always
get meaningful for chickens parry chips
Connor called odds will perish parry
chips and salumi cheese and Perrin a
sauce so this time we're gonna try
something different me and Cal are gonna
be adventurous and exciting
he says well everything that man knows
is just chicken it's not a nine bottles
of beer on the wall is not a nine
bottles of it there's not I started
solving that character I was convinced
to this house chosen car lady there's
nine eyeballs is bear on the wall is
that balls it where's the good that
wasn't Carl either that was someone else
is completely different car and because
I was tying my car filming the copper
I wasn't driving my car my engine was
turned off but I'm just not even gonna
risk that meet this self Ashton Nando's
I just got here like this guy over here
came in and I'm like wait in the car and
he was like drink cold why I'll get up
and get one it was either I'll get you
like the staff service here is a salt
good it's like that is God saying my not
that has never happened to me before
if you're wondering as to why I'm so
shocked Americans or anyone else in it
from not from the UK and doesn't want to
know what Nando's is Nando's you go on
we will buy a drink and you give you a
glass and then go get your glass and
pour it over there and I want to dispel
any said do you want to drink it anyway
so it's like this is a reoccurring year
very specific you took your sweet time
well then again I'm late to everything
nothing we can let him off being late we
ready now I'm sorry you guys heard me
saying I'm going to try something new
today
and he'll wait until you see what I've
got and we get me involved five chickens
so I got me you bought my chickens on
bread Oh God with will so good man
different world in it Cecilia for
biggest mouth dont i dont consider don't
do dodo do dodo do it what do you do
like most natural how weak likewise
don't see my first thing of it by the
way I went out on a night Oh an Iowan
dry and I had my black coat with me
waterproof coat and I came back with
this but yeah you know you know the
guests made yeah so good I came back
with a really good show okay I don't
know how pussy lips and banjo string
thanks God that guy just left so we
didn't have to stare at that while we
were playing wait wait
it was pussy like yeah yeah oh oh thank
God I'm not banjo string we can keep oh
you can keep the high five in five yep
don't you palm it you really high five
it okay I have a shot at redemption
because I'll got a double try understand
recently get to Phase II is cold I need
a strike I need another strike to catch
up and then it's bad go on
no pressure count alright Dino home
adventure
ok I'll do it no no he's on fire he can
fight look at him well yeah but you
haven't got swimming
what ya did oh my God he's on fire
survey said hundred thirty am make mash
me by 32 Wow hey CJ like time for us
Starbucks I didn't think of the
logistics one cup holder 2 cup holder
pour drink
don't fall I think it's fair to consider
I'm a good CEO for syndicate original
like I'm making copies every day and cow
cut Carlos or what a coffee so we're
gonna have to hire him again
alright first of all he fine is fucking
king and second of all
oh no the official coffee stock news
absorb I need everyone's leave a light
green if you remember a blobby song but
it's too good
right so the brand new Facebook page
that made is for life of tons like
anything that do blogging sound not so
much gaming and I made my mum my mum and
my sister but admits thank you admins on
the channel and I did it like
immediately so when I then posted up
everyone follow page they got every
notification of someone following
everyone commenting which was like
thousand four comments on the first time
opposed messages in life like in like
the actual direct message thing so I'd
like to take this minute to say I do not
write I do not regret what send my
mother knows right you started turn this
dongle why are you listening to crazy
frog remixes we don't win ma you taking
my dignity I don't know why we felt like
that today
but forget about it it were family okay
so what are we looking at babies it will
art so everywhere you look so like
because I can feel your penis in the
bacchanal Mangano whoa how it goes he
was dying with a cherub thank you and
baby daddy was like not in the back
because liking
yeah I sort of sign 20 probably signed
about m4a so 40 people if you fund to
get in a post well it's not post up you
can't see it then you know if you punch
see you're doing something a crumpet
Alice Alice Alice and where are we going
I think that when in the region what day
yes good job
Wade only 3 Davis and one day it seems
ik oh right ok ok yes so we're going to
insomnia sector he's gonna be there me
Karen no why yay me
India toys yeah what where'd you say
what that's what mommy are you gonna run
the company oh Allah quit what do you
wander
what are you wanna say goodbye oh sorry
I'll get it co-op with on the back ok
right Oh what mister I was I'm gonna be
a cool goodbye now ok Drive go away
hello back in Oldham cow I probably not
been back here for any other reasons
being in the town centre over than when
I used to go to Blue Coat school here
got you into Bluto yeah I went to Blue
Coat in Oldham so honey you go there
Bible bashes yeah that was our instantly
nameless people you've got your Bible
last year was like but we don't read
Bible that Bible Locker
yo this is nice I like that popcorn is
insane Oh what is wrong in this world
we're just now air news came up like
don't panic about west minutes to wait
for more news and then like a lot and it
looks like someone's been stabbed and
then might watch it with the Ruger
oxidant fires aah
why we just all get along in the world
this cinema is man know what is it nice
what were you what yes now this is what
you call the best seats in house yeah
because we have every seat in the house
that we could possibly sit in if we
wanted to
yes ma'am I know exactly I'm so hoping
you fell okay keep going you got you a
lot
oh boy
I'm faster the beep set bit
hey buster but I hope I can see your
darkest fuck and this is my future
brother-in-law ladies and gentlemen
introducing legend child oh by the way I
forgot to take Logan I went and saw your
today said you're a legend you wanted me
to pass that autograph Logan isn't funny
I won't enjoy it today thank you
again every time not presents right but
what you don't like oh yes did it you
missed it that's not lots of them it's
almost to our little organs asleep
seriously does not consent its rape sex
without consent is rape always be sure
just finish get out I'm saying this
right now I'm giving it a ten out of ten
like no Joe
it was super spooky super creepy
hilarious with one of the hilariously
funny I was proper laughing out loud and
the plots with I felt great ten out and
you have to do it what do you give up
film I'll attend school I didn't give
anything to tangible wonderful nine not
yeah nine ah basil so cue much looks
great how old are you gonna be you're
gonna be 27 27 no yeah I know
thank you yeah but no no no that's when
another nine years ago that was that
would a bit about five years ago did
that slender video yeah I won't give you
date Molly
no no oh that cows been such a big part
I'm Eliza crazy what my dad is been
dating like my step I called y'all my
stepmom
my stepmom they've been dating them them
for 10 years Kyle and Alice have been
together for nine and they're engaged
which is just fucking bonkers but what
should I get kinda present like what
what's a good present to get Cal please
leave some ideas in the comments where
I'm gonna take a read room my god
look after yourself I look at that six
o'clock time to make a vlog live
I wasn't my way home after seeing
callable that my sister and me was like
Trafford Centre so we'll all get some
food
and I'm thinking yo sushi so look at all
this you're in and look at that state of
a human being
I know what I've seen look visiting me
help me in my life it's Calvin your
boyfriend your boyfriend prefers me than
you because you're basically just me
with a wig ViSalus is adamant to have a
chicken massaman curry classic slow
cooked chicken curry cut with fragrant
spices Salem Pina voiceover direct wrote
our sauces of this is looking pretty
damn random with that wait what the hell
wise remembrance in it but really that
good you can suck a book really good
really good if independent sources show
I just want to make sure I thought oh
really okay if it's my sauce and your
reaction your eyeball came out ahead
no but it's not I'm overhead now you
understand that you are actually quite a
weird child like an odd but you're I
think you have problem I've no idea it's
not enough
yeah what are you doing to me this why I
love my sister oh you nearly fell there
and start y-yeah
who are you what's your name where you
from we name remember Joe you want to
have a man not a fellow not feel like we
have to what the hell are they
they look nothing like when it's
bollocks I feel like we have to get a
cone of this each because it's called
ice cream of the dots no pressure
ice cream off the gun all right I got a
funny in it as well
you ready Ali ice cream is what place do
Swiss and Hotel chocolate okay for one
you're not a chocolate hotel because
you're not a hotel made out chocolate
what - we need look - like honestly I
thought this was so much nicer
you should not don't I'm gonna miss you
Mike oh fuck it I'm troubled around
America with it from Chicago like I was
out there
yeah pretty weird right what you
actually going now okay bye
get off of me bye
why are you going that way over the back
I'll give you a couple of bag
by but how you kind of go pop what are
you doing
thank you not well I actually found it
straight away okay hundred dollars the
next day where I've got my dad Richie
and Graham join with me and my tries to
go through enjoy it tomorrow you have to
wait in sequel in that next door I
well done total all thank you very much
for watching make sure you drop down
below and leave a like crane on the new
Facebook page I got I'm still using my
old one for like gaming stuff but
lighter Thomas got it's like it's on
Facebook now and stuff so it gives a
more of a personal touch it's almost
like I use it like my own actual
Facebook so make sure you drop that
Apollo aura like what do we what the
state will call it down it and these
guys in the next day Lee blog so as
always make sure leave a like rating
subscribe catch you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. if this vlog was late by the way I
want you to leave a comment being like
but it's not little Gore shovel I need
you to tell me my outro I want you to
just say and it's totally off good it's
happy ass good so sorry I wasn't funny
it's funny bacon I'm jolly hot
