move well it's a new dawn it's a new day
and I am taking there we do have no
paralyzed well I am in London Heathrow
Airport and I'm getting a plane to a
mansion approximately 40 minutes so if
I'm missing slice that's going to be
great that whole thing could be needing
to catch my flight at about 40 minutes
we forgot to take my toiletries out of a
bag to carry for my flight to Manchester
is in the reading light closes 99 cents
rev mrs. M last person at the gate
because they were like we're missing one
person and see what rubbish I'm going to
be the last person of this place to
Manchester I made it great success thank
you
as weather is actually really impressive
and seven or three we meet again oh by
the way nice choice of them in this MSP
but you had the same thing
they're so good yeah well they I gave
them on the right knee I'm gonna
high-five my mom naka de yeah good see
you again did ya MA hmm four o'clock
well no no it's clearly it's clearly not
four o'clock
clearly not nearly alone I am and my
night which I was working to Kim now
knows already but I'm trying to edit my
vlog and get it up on time for 6 p.m. UK
con this is the one thing I always fail
I'm troubling your world and when I'm
like in the middle of a frigging forest
in Scotland with no signal and it's not
ah
I always somehow managed to get the vlog
up but when I get back to my house in
the UK my signal that but in my house
that my blogs always like so and you're
trying my best for it to not be like
look I am home sweet home I can't
believe how nice this weather is like I
really really can't nobody complained a
bit chilly wind but nonetheless it's
looking beautiful and you know else is
looking beautiful
oh don't don't don't don't
doesn't that not a cow a cow looks like
shit this cow is not a washing forever
and wouldn't you guys be so impressed
I'm going down to the new syndicate
original shop because well I say it's
not a shop it's an office so don't think
that we're gonna have like a retail
store it's not that it's an office so
we've got a new office and I'm gonna go
check it out we've got some building
work going on it so let's go and say
hello to personal egg Alice and the
month
who should also be a long time no see
Jesus I'm very happy to see you too now
a hydrogen fear hello Alice I'm brown
didn't you look at my freckles
oh hell but I have quite a lot as well
come on Oh No
issues that we all spots on the based on
well what have you missed me did you
wish it did you wish I came to Tyler
with you no vision
I'm glad you didn't come to came out and
accept great time without you I missed
you though solution love you love you
did you take the day off words of the
day for the women protest hey
and you bro tested dad was she worked in
you would have protested are you excited
for the doofus are you guys a little bit
hit what was that reaction yeah nobody
England
nobody well if you promise it I've only
just started to run them from a video to
upload and it is aa twenty five to six
yesterday's vlog will have been late
because I've got to upload this which
relative if you're going to take about
an hour if not more and then ever take
it down to my dad's house to Bullock's
main that here at my house just isn't
working right now so I'm sorry for the
work being late yesterday I'm so some
good Oh God I've decided to move back
home
drop my laptop I did it was like if we
do there what we know that doesn't work
my husband teach what my blog musically
yeah oh yeah Bob music system overall so
David oh it looks pastry drugs
ah no drugs yeah alright okay hey woody
it's me daddy
Oh hmm I'm not too sure I don't think it
installed properly because like it
cooked all the way in but I have to
search for words of wireless things
though
there's things are keep connecting and
disconnecting and connecting and
disconnecting and I don't know what to
think of it really
you mean you give it away all my
childhood clothes well she'll have a
notch out there like two years old but
these are all my old syndicate shirts
that don't fit me
as I've grown old over the years from
Alta to Schmoe fizzle I'd be all finding
issues or pretty much all of them yeah
and most me wow that is a rock shirt
obvious if you live in it which should
benefit all my old bike gaming shirts
and stuff oh my god I remember that
you know it's my old figural 20 lunge is
it jumping I don't know so it's a big
way it's what a big thick jumper I think
I got this much car boot sales and I
just fell in love with it yeah really
old school no way those of them it I
think my gift is pretty big the hell is
this yeah you know where to syndicate
sure Alice's okay I am
thank you sure most you shot millions of
it I don't know and now he is alright
go on I've been wearing the same shirt
about 24 hours or so let me I want to be
I went to college wasn't that quick just
fun so my blood oh my god there's no
design on the shirt well BAM getting a
Christie present stinking know that what
means well well the design is on the
back we're lacking it we got this up
first ever design that we've done on the
back it was voted by the controller box
because it's like you wear it with pride
and honor see how Jen lean on the back
so next week sometimes Jimmy not always
live in an always when that when next
week I probably probably probably
Thursday next week make sure you get
your serger this is product testing and
why are we doing this in the smallest
room in the house like I don't
understand me alright so yeah you know
actually I do
alright so oh my god you make a mini
version to Steve we can get my childhood
batter involved brown but we're right
right that's been around so this is what
we'll move so we're trying to concept
whether or not we should release this
shirt as a hoodie as well like the
design of the road try 60 this is this
problem everyone coming should release
this as a hoodie
yeh on there and then entitled me under
those doing makeup hair done my lil
afraid okay oh you can't see your face
in I get a smile oh yeah I think it
looks really good on the hoodie I think
it would be haven't killed it and then I
got like a little tyke I mean I sell
hand label put down here
No oh you mean you know I've been a
glossy Queen on it oh okay come on I
can't not vlog near you and not get you
out
I don't be spooky you can't remember me
come on bloody hell Steve but your
massive look at you you've put on some
bloody way Avenue your little fatso
are you trying are you trying to
recreate the video vine where you were a
kid and you jumped all the way and I
don't think you can make that anymore is
that to be fair we kind of like from
here do you think you can make it Steve
do you think you've got the balls of
steel you smell your like size size 15
the lizard world look at your color as
well yes feel your presence look at him
he's just such a good-looking lizard
Steve right did assault give me a geckos
no I saw I saw Wallace ten times the
size of you Steve can't on me no you
follow me I take you owe me you may have
one father four months earlier and let
me see even for environment its favor
why don't you want me Bart
and I'm doing like a family reunion
tonight we got late for the Cornell fine
silver curry and I need to share this
information with you the trucks were
calmer local bookshop with Ferris we
don't chocolate almonds coconut powder
no why did this exists introducing the
chocolate or child portion it's like
you're tellin me you know just imagine
how is this occurring
chocolate know something it's not oh
you're good
oh it don't smell like children yeah oh
well what are you tell you what are you
saying what add a number
wait the reaction my life it might take
them try it going to be bigger if I put
it should be dessert we open it okay so
it was silly this morning and now it is
freezing cold
I'm Aaron Schock okay that's it we're
calling it for night I'm gonna get Gail
in a dressing gown where is she red Gail
Lansdale
sushi sir yeah yeah oh oh she caught the
spot something I'm sorry can someone
just fit for me I just be spotty lately
just this book that's been around
section on oh no no no no do you like a
sexy spin do it now do it you a sexy
spin do a sexy spin but not the sexy
free space made on based on updated up
what are you so defy my husband you just
tell me now
not kind you ever know social gathering
me plan some social government you have
my house you was not supposed to be able
to are okay by the way from London
okay great I think the ones I know mean
yeah they're cool alright so I'm not
usually we don't we'd say okay it will
be right happened
to payment to me we can just coming
dangerously yeah haze Italy you're not
helping out right love you okay bye
go away I totally did not pass out on my
sofa like comfortable hell passed out on
my sofa for six hours and then I woke up
the next day so eh what's the wish you a
thank you what the hell are you trying
to say thank you for watching the video
I hope you guys enjoyed it if you did
make sure you click that thumbs up
button subscribe I post new videos every
single day at 6 o'clock and it is now
525 and I'm trying to post this one so
hopefully this is on time if it was
leave a comment saying Tom hell yeah and
if it was like say hell no so yeah guys
trying it up now so until tomorrow thank
you very much for watching will you guys
faces and boom oh you're good
