6:12 a.m. again and I'm uploading the
walk I think I should be asleep by now
oh you're watching this video right now
that means I'm just will cook and that
means that a brand new city courage will
show is live unready for ordering so if
you want to get your Linkedin
description now yeah I'm just gonna have
to keep ordering things off Amazon
because I was gonna get it for 1200
you're watching this video right now
that means I've just will cook and that
means that a brand new CITIC original
show is live unready for ordering so if
you want to get yours linked in
description now is 11:40 for the prices
just got delivered and oh my gosh what a
nice day on those bye bye oh yeah I
don't remember anything
Amazon I know from towel from for your
dad neoprene cable sleeves for TV home
computer management systems wait
I completely right this wrong wait what
gifts note from Thomas old Carroll for
your desk from Tom I'm why I said this
to myself okay this Thomas Oh Carol you
might be a goddamn legend I was going to
get up this morning and go to a like a
hardware store just so I could buy a
sleeving to put this in but I'm after
order one more of these no I'm not
asking you to tell me what I'm saying I
might need a few wallah it keeps them
all nice and tidy together it does look
like a bit of a shit show there but yeah
you get the you get the point but it's
pretty awesome I look luckily
semi-fitted laying around and you can
just cut this stuff up this is probably
not what you're supposed to do but
there's no way I can have this whole
thing like down it wouldn't make sense
but look at that it just makes it
already look so much neater and tinier
now I do Tom thank you so much for this
cable sleeving like no joke I was having
dreams last night of me installing like
a really crappy version of it and me
stressing out and it's just not working
and this is the best I've got to with it
probably a YouTube video or watching it
being like applied better because
certain cables you know we're really
short and tight so I can't exactly
move them over here to join up together
you know some of them down the bottom
have to go across rather than down so
I've tried my best with it and you know
what this is ten cans better than what
it was to start with so Tom thank you so
much dude I as well use it
on these even though it looks like a
snake it's better to have that there for
now I look probably flying it out to go
I was like we'll just stand in a little
bit it will probably just flatten out
over time but at least then all the time
looking without mixed up here like snake
or double snakes if I start putting too
much of it on it might just really patch
your way so they might just keep up that
for there and then try and work out how
can I apply this to the other cable and
to everything that's going on down here
wow it is so nice out today how this
sucks because like I just spent all day
yesterday starting out my gaming soap
and kind of never want to leave that
room ever again but I think we should
dish something outside today but what
from one legend today Thompson leave
that cable management stuff to this hole
Dimond thank you so much Liz if you guys
know every time I fire on another one
pointing but my sister over there from
London to Manchester who used to give
out these zip it for free and these are
my sister's favorite biscuit lemon melts
and that was the only way we used to
obtain them there was a shops or in
Manchester where you can go on Barden
but we never knew because it was just
always a free biscuit that you got on
the British show is right in there with
the best biscuit but poor devil absolute
legend who said you work from a British
Airways for the v8 group said I was
eight perfectly crispy this is why we
are the greatest family on YouTube you
guys are amazing thank you yeah let's do
this I don't know what's going on with
England but kind of nice
well my car got cut off that mom shit
the bed literally the hell these birds
in my treatise on laxatives or something
uh why did I bother picking it all up
because now I've got to read put it into
bags to be able to cash it in
George my life can see why people go to
those change machine one because the
front of selfies are probably changing
and just look and then it tells you how
much money you've got bought it takes I
think like maybe like 10 percent or
somewhere which is not acceptable you
should not be giving away money like
that to a machine that counts it when
you can count yourself and especially
when you already counted yourself put
your Nydia engine put into bugs so you
can take it into the bank Tom how on
earth is a radio station called cheesy
fm
this might be my new favorite radio
station it's time to be a good boss even
though I'm technically clear not the
boss but card five top five guys for the
fun level um I use this a thing of five
guys not speaking to any she you saying
this is an American thing oh yeah sure
for bacon in it
this sounds like a really bad decision
pushing him again later let's put
Leighton said I can mix all the
milkshakes together which is vanilla
chocolate strawberry cherry Oreo cookie
pieces peanut butter malted milk
slightly caramel banana coffee I mean
that's good and bacon why are we doing
this oh my gosh five guys why is this
the thing hi
it's not the trick that is a trick
it's the run three creases in it a
little bit this roller is a jacquard and
rotates the perfect pieces and then all
in certain like the caramel here then I
could really take the Oreo and then like
this is it what's not the caramel like I
was getting the socket is yeah Wow
I think ever in the lifetime has to try
this because it's so weird but it's nice
I play absolutely no more mom off so I
hope you are ever at five guys at Ashton
Moss I think it's got yes yep I
shouldn't let it leisure park actually
if you're ever here and you see you
later
like say hello to him from the vlog
because he's such a top bloke every time
I've gone in there you just been super
nice super friendly and he's got it
going up to like what do you think it's
going like abroad like for having like
screen in Tenerife and like a fighting
match so if you're watching this later
and good luck for your fight you're
going to absolutely smash it and I wish
you all the best this is the secret five
guys in all shape I'll stay secretly
told me so there's a secret bought us
gauge your reaction and tell me what
flavors you can take pitiable well they
did it oh well healthy caramel into the
salt we fell in love it well Valerie
there's over a thousand collagen nothing
oh my goal this laptop to turn on when I
saw their bases it's crazy right loved
ones always things describe it
they can call can run and open the gym
no it's all the every single flavor the
other five guys mixed into it oh geez
what can you do
Jenny yeah that's yes cherries in it
caramel yeah just cheese the bacon is
delicious
oh I didn't get any bacon LA and thanks
for hooking it up thankfully after
looking me up mom
I'm glad hooking me up well you know
what because Layton is going fighting
often passing tenerife going by in
tenerife I'm leaving to get a jujitsu
similar to that but anyway I'm going to
take him one of the brand new shirt
designs let me show you if you're
watching this video today just came out
this bad boy came out today so that's
the front of it looking nice and sweet
as well and then on the back ba boom
looking nice and fine so like the shot
make the most of it
Layton hope you in that fiber oh my gosh
who sent this thing whose is missing
this isn't really going in my house on
the but who did it oh it says Mary Chris
wears this vintage Christmas Abe that is
so sick especially after yesterday's
volume sorry about artwork and struck
this is oh wait I see what should we put
that as a block and then you want me a
that's the first thing that's going to
go on the wall I don't know what else we
get what else do we get oh yeah wha are
you sure if I paint that and something I
don't know
wait really nice you did not oh wait
wrinkles your favorite what Oh German
top no hey something whatever new a
video what really Jeanette you Isaac
embers from Germany really onion I
remember oh my gosh Alicia who's from
Cologne Germany who's actually Canadian
thank you Sheila I just wrote it I'm
sorry the rough time in your life but
it's good to see that life is looking
good for you right now I'm really really
happy to hear that and if I'm ever back
in Cologne which if you ever saw the
vlog where I spent like a five-hour
layover in gym I went round all the city
in checked it all out boy if I'm ever
back I will
doing me open something and we'll get
together you can give me a tool dude
shut up today
oh the body dude a shit
God you scared look how red I am I
scared of what just jumps around the
corner and scared oh that's my job
that's my job this guy would okay
how good is up by the way yeah you ever
desire a baby come on Abe hey I don't
know what he made it olive it's just so
sick yeah wood with some animatedly
what is it what is this divine what Oh
nineteen and you're going to because
you're gonna be sponsoring a Cricket
Club will be sponsoring tin whistle
critical obviously I don't play cricket
I've seen one game I played I was
younger but like I played one game I've
seen one game and play my dialogue
properly by Kyle oh I was a car what
yeah hi I'm Kyle okay gonna be sponging
these guys so you better expect me going
to Kim's whistle to watch cow win need
you and me also being very good to the
same oh I do not appreciate you throw
things your boss apologize apologize
fuckin hey yeah I'm leaving and going
actually going let's do uh I quit I
closed in the business
no sure don't get anything first swear
man you walk out that office with a high
blood pressure
looking infuriating in three hours later
and fingers crossed it's still working
hey yo this is a large if you seem like
a big yard but that's Anisha it's not
even out here
comes out tomorrow but thank you for
hooking us up thank you really much
throwing that in the vlog since
otherwise if I say I didn't ever black
no you didn't do it so I had to prove he
was autism there you go
Manimal would I told you guys I would go
and hook him up because he hooked me up
so I hooked you up face down
I like didn't even realize how cool that
was in the idea of that a shirt that's
not even out yet this comes out tomorrow
so he's the first-ever person apart from
like you know family or anyone works at
syndicate original to get one so he got
the first ever one not that don't forget
if you guys want to get one of the brand
new designs you should get yours as well
links down in description go and grab on
now wait in there for Phillips shoes
white I ended up leaving with a hard
drive then I called up from Amazon I
guess it's like one of those things that
you need to talk to and have fun with
but I've heard really good things about
it and I always try and be like catering
and she never listens to me she's got
issues with me I think we've fallen out
she's not listening to me for a fast few
days so I'm cheating on an out with a
way to my treatment with what's-her-name
Alexa II ask you the public how you
wanted this shirt to be and you voted so
we gave you front that happens as a
black print shirt we hope you'll really
like it
don't know what you guys wanted so for
example executing the og up I thought
anyway yeah that's why you get the
dubbing idiot so do you have any
response left I'm gonna run them we
throw one of them on a vent one of them
uh whoa we got orange ebook now
pretty sick I'm sorry I'm not one of
them going as one of them I want those
to go into five random packages of
people who order on the days of lease
BAM there you go uh put them in oh we
both witnessed a moment um as I said
Alison Alice why would you do I was
quiet
you evil childhood getaway you such as
savage put my gosh you down but Alice
so you know we're going sing Kong the
film starts a fuss for hmm nothing but
go what film do you want to watch
instead yeah what I was going to Logan
with any good but yeah the scene Logan I
gave it seven point nine not too good
for you you know me in films mom pretty
critical I think you would have felt the
set it was emotional but I think you
would have felt the same
lynnie world IMAX pull hold the door for
my mother because I'm a kind of son and
walks through this one instead we've
made in time I probably the period time
hell yes Oh God
p9 alright congra view ten outta ten
visual effects it was in critical
probably one of the best-looking films
as ever seen in my life
however the storyline kinda just at the
end it's good and there's a plot but it
just goes what do you think there was
action partners on the edge CPC but he
just died to just at the ending ending
like castaway here like the overall out
of ten I'd probably give it a seven
my not might have to be a seven point
five just because of the ending I was
expecting more like and there's a scene
with the woman in Kong that's a bit like
what the made of NASCAR oh yeah Samuel
Jackson that was a disappointing car
bought honestly Samuel Jackson great
actor all the actors are amazing and the
Contra comedic effect to the film was
really good as well like really enjoyed
that and I need to I don't know about my
car but yeah a visual sets ten out of
ten what I'm one of the best visual
films I've ever seen in my life
really down there don't you find your
car 101 press the lock button and OOP
there it is oh look at the floor near a
baja i owe my mom a birthday present of
getting our leis either late Laser laser
eye surgery stay go genius so i or that
as a present and now because of fridges
and say didn't you need to find the
right one I now also over a fridge is
there anything else I owe you maybe
being maybe fit is that the twenty three
years of your life actions to having me
like today I'm really sorry for
yesterday's vlog being like it should
published at the right time but it just
didn't it was 28 minutes late not
acceptable not on you guys saw me
staying up till 6 a.m. getting uploaded
so it was ready for the next day like I
was in the movies and I was like I'm
talking out the notification saying it
went live so I checked and agit Ella
done some so so sorry I like that some
of it he was actually one of you but I
vlog that you're going on I don't see
real ago that when I'm naked what used
to be Jonah it's kind of really good
good times putting it together mama if
you're watching this vlog I'd like to
apologize being on your toilet so long
to the point where you had to tech me in
your own house without asking me if I
was okay
oh god miss my grandma so much but not
too sure what's going on Morales she's
probably spilling food as usual but what
a nice photo
and there's me as a little kid with a
little penguin he's my little revived
mom mom hell is going on with my shoes
what what did you make me wear as a kid
that is awful also that lunch box came
filled with what with what it's a Capri
of silver lunch box when we bought it we
opened open it had like ten or twelve
Caprio Suns and that's why I picked it
but there's me looking like the little
boss Alice looks like a sausage but Oh
in the old house Alice when she
graduated University and then Alice
black hair my mom looking fancy I also
love the fact that you've got one two
three four pictures of Alice here and
one of me oh yeah okay scordia
know you know when I was in the cinemas
right I had a drink on my left and I had
a bag of sweets on the right and as you
saw I walked in the cinemas win and as I
was shut down I took my glasses off I
didn't want to put them fit every
without a pocket for it so I hooked them
on the arm of the chair the drinker a
hook them on it as we left I had to
sweet in the cup holder and the Oakley's
next oh and I was like should I take my
sweets now there's only like three left
I'll leave you for the cleaners to pick
up
if I was taking the bag I wouldn't
notice the old clothes but I didn't so
me trying to be healthy cost me Oakley's
but right now it is 9:48 p.m. and they
had films at 9 o'clock so that means
there still has to be people in the new
desk Illinois so we're going to get up
in the car and go and try and retrieve
the Oakley I have to succeed at this
mission because when I was in the Cayman
Islands I scratched my custom syndicate
Oakley's and now I've just lost one of
my favorite pairs of Oakleys
hi if you think I'm going to get my
Oakley back leave a comment right now I
am probably like hmm I'm sixty percent
sixty cent confident we are going to get
them back and I'm hoping they handed
them in rather than keeping them like
Katy nice that says always do the right
thing oh just do the right thing just do
the right thing someone's like I've been
here once tonight already okay if I
don't get these back I'm going to be
absolutely Jochen easily one of my
favorite pairs of oakley's do you think
I'm going to get them back because my
60% just dropped to fifty if they are
here I'll be absolutely shocked yeah
along here's what color anywhere they
were bright white my 50% has now gone to
10%
and dwindling good my 10 person goes to
1% I have one percent hope that the
staff who clean that room who when I
walk out me my mum saw them and they
like to recognize me for my doing
YouTube and stuff I hope guys if you're
watching this lad and you have to see
the sunglasses please tell me you handed
them in or you have them I'd really
appreciate it get in the back thank you
no I don't want worth losing a set of
Oakley or opening up a fridge to find it
absolutely nothing to eat except tuna
Mayo soup like no no I hope your
situation right now
thanks I'm true to my wife I'm very
hungry
but how can I eat knowing my Oakley's
are out there somewhere that's why I'm
on the floor I don't have a goddamn clue
I think I'd edit in my vlog or something
on the floor maybe like 30 minutes ago
and then just never got up I guess it's
one of them today you know you win some
you lose some
we had a win at the start of the day
because we got them cable sleeves but
then we lost at the end a night because
I lost my oh please shit happens I know
what seems like a terrible note we're
going to end it there for today guys
because it's like 2 o'clock in the
morning I never actually got around to
setting up the echo dot so tomorrow will
be said Alexis play my dad's favorite
playlist because I listened to Jenna now
apparently but nonetheless guys did you
enjoy today's vlog make sure you smash
up like rain subscribe yesterday we hit
17,000 like ratings I was like what in
like 7 hours that was insane most likes
a big hello to the thousand people in
the past 24 hours who've subscribed and
become part of the family I talked about
the next thing o'clock at 6 p.m. I will
catch you guys later
Oh
