i Goti 381 hmm
no wait no what shot wow I was not
expecting this night but yeah sure
whatever
Oh hohoho the setup came in clutch I
managed to get my GoPro footage on my
iPhone for each together 30 into a video
currently at 11:47 at night and as you
guys know I could have if it's 10
o'clock in the morning alright then that
is the sound of building work going on
across there wait 730 it's time to start
my day not a pretty good night of sleep
last night however my video from
yesterday my vlog from yesterday didn't
render out for some damn reason
so I'm waiting for it to re-render and
I'm going to TeamViewer to control it
and try and get it done on time so we're
bags are back I got what I need I got
what I want
and once that got make sure make sure I
got my GoPro stick Alicia shrine Lyla we
have got everything we need let's go
downstairs and caps at exactly
apple juice croissant red sail just like
that I've been dropped top finger you'll
notice where everywhere could he
absolutely hold it down I'm pretty sure
that person left the roof of that Jeep
so that's none of my business
laughs this is like a full-on fresh
apple juice but look the layers in it of
it being pure fresh apple juice as man
who these guys are doing yoga on the
beaches
all right oh good
thank you very much me what your new
again I'm Kristin Christmas yours day
hello quick epistle the first times that
can turned out really really fun it was
great I really enjoy it yeah well the
sub thing is though I can't actually
take my GoPro on the dive just the
safety reason I know this you oh yeah
hey guys I thought about what I do
obviously so I've got like forever now
what time is it do we know like it's
9:20 - oh I've got until 2 o'clock II
said so I'm just going to kick back in
the Sun and do but it's not close 9:30
a.m. we probably should go get some
another 9:30 a.m. I am already back of a
hotel and I've got like five dollars to
kill but this is where I like to see I
come back from diving and 9 minutes and
some logs up randomly bumped into Robert
very nice to meet you thanks becoming
say hi and look at this he chose to put
the hotel so that got done listen
skyline give it going give it a rev give
it a rev awesome
is that she's a little beauty she's a
little beauty hey well I can see they
back today hello I look like such a
tourist look at me my little free banana
boat back in my flippers look at the
size of that lizard put it is it iguana
Oh
oh my god I can't believe there's no one
here you know why is because the bars
over there so everyone's getting drunk
in that direction I've got about 10
minutes before my pick ups gonna be here
so I'm gonna get my bags ready and I'm
going snorkeling but no no no no I'm
going daddy
here we go this is many types of us this
one I explained earlier unfortunately
for the safety reasons you're not
allowed to take a GoPro with you on a
diet it's a result guys when I got like
my license and do it myself I can do it
however I was speaking to a woman who
pixi off about like no not being out the
thermistor so we're talking about in two
days going doing a ship wreck guys and
she'll take my GoPro and film me from
distance I thought I was like a pretty
cool thing what sucks that I won't be
able to so many show us lots not on yet
but diving don't think I'm gonna be able
to get it film unfortunately so sorry
about this guy's book hopefully this is
a whole like swimming around early today
made up for it yeah look at this place
absolutely beautiful space in officer I
bet I get that back as quick as possible
screws and we're gonna go through a
little bit of a guy always and hopefully
not lose this GoPro
there's actually 10 people on the ground
everyone's getting geared up about my
fashionable bow on all right looking
pretty good back on dry land well not
yet my croissant oh but it was
incredible
at an absolute blast so like three tails
was stupid how big they were
one was I thought was having sex with a
piece of coral book cause I would be in
it and then and then I went underneath
like a little rock section and I'm sorry
god damn Barracuda and no one else saw
it so I was like oh my god what's the
sign for Barracuda so I can point out
the reward yeah amazing turnout Stan
would recommend what on earth is going
on here why is there a snake and why on
earth is a bird chasing it what
no way I don't know if this is dangerous
or not but why is this discreet yeah I'm
laughter money
they said it's not poisonous so I'm
trying to pick it up but we don't know
if it's poisonous enough
Oh YUM I thought I'd get fitted for you
ah yeah okay I didn't even know his on
oh good I went for the snake and I
actually gave my camera to this guy to
film it but as a gaming the camera you
just aim straight down see didn't know
it is recording and the snake went over
the wall I grabbed it well they went
over the boss and like all these birds
know it's there because it's run Akita I
wonder what it is so if it comes back
out I'll try and grab it apparently it's
not poisonous I don't know look at this
place I'm keeping back in absolutely
stunning the sun's just about the size
just sent and taken back at bout a few
drinks hanging out with the people that
just wants into and have a great time
so on a scale of 1 to fail I'm going to
try and swim out to that yellow platform
there which is like a mini swimming
pools to watch the sunset now I've got
my wallet and I've got my phone why I
don't know but I have to keep this above
water so I've got to finish this drink a
whole bit above the water and get my
phone we're in the city this is probably
going to go very wrong okay I don't even
know this is like oh whoa whoa oh
I'm currently at this height not okay
that got chilly not convinced I can make
this without getting wet like very much
I just thank God for being an amazing
swimmer yeah I did just to my own omble
I just swam using all in my legs
well that was easily twice my dad
doesn't look far ball twice for that
over to the edge of paradise this ladies
and gentlemen good my wallet is pretty
 flat if we can I did a barrel
roll and I wasn't expecting more for
this ladies and gentlemen
ah you gotta be kidding me
I walked away from my rocks for about 20
seconds someone's nicked it really young
oh no that's it yeah that is definitely
it
seven more seconds Oh three okay you get
Jesus honestly put some cream on all day
it's done good as I am I cannot see why
I'd want to be anywhere else in life
right now look at this place um so we
gorgeous I just came with me all the way
down the beach to find in streaming Oh
playing dowon what the hell is a river
absolutely incredible the plain road one
right now that's a try yeah yeah rogue
one mm road one right out on the beach
 cool rocks after what turned out
to be a 5-mile run I've made it to my
hotel so I'm just jumping in this slow
River in the hotel it like goes all the
way around jumping in this and hoping to
me Roxy and he's Annie and her husband
over there
so who I'm exhausted I'm just cooling
down grabbing my bag scrubbing my
flippers and go meeting over them hope
further at the bar because if they are
I'm taking themself for dancing there's
67 and 68 I'm going to take them salsa
dancing if I can I don't see the homies
yet well I'm hoping we're still here if
they are we'll go out tonight
if they're not will draw out tonight
because tomorrow I'm doing nothing but
holy crap look at that somewhere so as
it happens this is where Ronnie stayin
so I'm on my way down to this all
supporting yeah actually gonna go do
salsa lessons first walls but I'm going
to go in here and knock on for Ron how
to fight him I don't know but i'ma try
and see if he's in if he's charged
outsides up if car is outside so Ron is
in is somewhere
I was like is one here she was like run
he was like yeah run I was like and she
was like yeah go get him so she looks
apparently did I have phones there so
because Rhonda that was home and so
she's going getting wrong and I'm
inviting ourselves about total beating
this cos he comes maybe not maybe yes
maybe no but the place that was always
like two blocks that way so
oh she I almost walked past this place
damn this is fancy smells good smells
really good but I don't know if I'm in
the right place or not I guess I guess
we'll find out oh my God look how
beautiful the cake I think fish are they
actually seriously that big he is
confident even shocked out here some
people this place looks absolutely
beautiful yeah I'm not too sure what
this time means but what could the size
have been safe
I'm sure that indeed about what the heck
don't touch these fish then eat them
here so this is the size of a Python
shark you feeding them yeah tape it oh
my god yes holy yes I do
the eyes are absolutely terrifying
haha
it's not wide open
yeah first time on something is it done
I almost lost the fingers okay we can
also make them run you can make them
race yeah yeah oh you throw it oh he's
doing it go on let's do it again
go ahead go again I'm gonna get this on
camera the unfortunate thing about that
is I said the fish the first time and
they literally like ten of them jumped
out like at least to eat it our hand and
they like cut my finger and they ate my
glove on my hand so unfortunately when I
like check the video of the guy it
wasn't regarding so oh yeah dude what
you want to eat tonight when you want to
eat tonight oh yeah
why not have a - excuse me eh where the
hell is it
a pan-fried turtle steak and lobster
tail combo what stuff and oh my god I
don't know how I feel mobster yet turtle
I don't know how I feel about this same
time I'll try everything like I thought
you guys I'll try everything once in
life though so yeah okay wish me look
it's my first ever time trying kershel
after seeing what's trim by today I feel
really bad for apparently they eat me
out here - came around very regularly
using
it's weird
and the reason why I say it's weird is
because we like to get religion you're
just throw me I'm sorry if you get upset
by this floor that's your tell me what
the thing is it tastes like a steak all
like a burger
so today I've always just learned how to
blend cubed R to do things on how to do
mother in my mouth now rightful is very
difficult I don't wanna do it I will hop
observe another wife I said last one to
uncle Hugo testing tomorrow the good
because certificate right Tamar add
sugar into the lamb no I didn't have
muscle
hey you're amazing oh really really nice
place unfortunately the most
disappointing of tonight okay see it's
closed Nepal it is a new dot it is a new
day
so after and this one so thank you very
much for watching oh my god my summer
again
yeah ah idiot alright so I have to get
this vlog edited uploaded for you guys
so I hope you enjoyed it if you did make
sure you leave a like great I'm really
glad I didn't get sold the scuba diving
and I'm starting to get a little bit
lucky when I had my cameras people
thanking film it's like yeah sure and
then they stopped recording and then
don't film it I'm like you guys just
told me right now so but nonetheless it
is what it is but I'll catch you guys
tomorrow 6 p.m. for the next day log if
you guys are all enjoying this and make
sure you smash that like when you guys
are so nice oh what what I'm trying to
say you guys are so it what you guys are
showing so much love awesome on this
adventure I really appreciate so make
sure you click the like button subscribe
follow me on Twitter for updates to what
is going down if I'm on they came down
to doing some cool I don't catch
guys when I take a look tomorrow howdy
