what I've decided today's just not my
week well you know Sunday was another
week but oh my god I just smashed the
glass broke my camera yesterday why is
today so that's so like I say a four
pound glass 600 pound camera I did
actually just find this fallen over
spill here but look didn't smash so
thank God my damaged bill hasn't
increased even more boy oh I've gotta
get down to the obvious I've got
downloaded some stuff onto my laptop cuz
means it here's to slow and then and I'm
hopefully gonna get on the phone with
virgin and try and sort out my business
internet finally leaving my house 3
o'clock in the afternoon this is bunny
might be a delivery for me pass me
they're still going but they packed up
outside my house so I'm not too sure
what they're doing who cares
cuz or Rickon we're rolling we're
bouncing we're trolling it right and I'm
really hoping I can get on the phone
with Virgin today the only conversation
I need to have with them is what's this
cabinet size information you need to
know about we need to know about the
size of this thing of where this units
gonna go I'm like ok and as you go in my
house at my house books over the weekend
I couldn't speak to them I'm hopefully
gonna speak to them today so let me just
get off my drive
well bounce don't worry let don't blow
don't burn and driving on private land
I'm on my Road I don't do it lost my on
the streets Melvin in common with you
really enjoy watching your vlogs this is
one of my favorite places
Oh Ben Hawkes more champagne after doing
tea at the ruling whoa wait up picture
cuz that looks real well but yeah till
he says to Tom and Lydia not anyone else
oh that's brilliant all of this I'd very
much like to do this and if Lydia is
available tomorrow as in the sense of
any plans
pushes yeah you know what if I can I'll
turn ready not tomorrow that'd be quite
nice have a nice little day out for us
at least I decided to not say anything
and just use it and I dropped to
unfallen smashed it it was in its prime
were quite 600 it's like three years old
now so probably about 200 yes he just
slid off the top of a pile and Starbucks
acquired next ups well you're gay
bargain deep ice away was just alive
what is he me where is he he look is
this him Oh everyone's been asking me
how he's doing we walk around there his
eyes open all I know they closed
directing his percentage rate is he's
got an under 50% chance I believe in you
may you can do this revitalizes beauty
oh I can see your reflection
I could see your reflection there's
glass appear oh I hope you survive he's
gorgeous he's got the moving water in
there he gets sprayed so really it's
just look to him yeah I thought you'd
you died then I was like oh god that's
awkward
I missed feeding time I was hoping to be
able to film a snake eat a mouse but
cheers mate thanks I know the chances of
this are slim is anything but that
chameleon was bought from here then it
went home with a customer the customers
looked after it now the guys it's well
I'm not trying to stare drama I just
said that there was not it the setup
wasn't like moisture ooh nor feel like
it wasn't get enough liquid into the
chameleon ah whichever way they said it
well basically the best way for that
chameleon to survive is if it can see a
vet now I know the chances of this I
like zero to none
but if there's any way of their who
deals with chameleons is watching this
vlog now could come in to swell to see
the chameleon because the customers that
want in them to pay for it and they're
like well this is your doing so you have
to pay for it so no one's like paying
for this chameleon to go and get checked
out by a vet if someone happens to watch
this vlog because you know how much I
love community I walk baby little
chameleon and what calm Kevin now if
anyone's watching this and there
bet for them sort of animals if you can
get to swell UK and come and check out
the chameleons if you can do anything
I'll help him or anything like that
please do I know this is a very random
wag grasp for help
but that little CLE million in there
it's grasping with his little weird
hands
that's my chameleon hand for help
I don't can help him please do I'm gonna
go with the fact that there's in a leak
in the ceiling then my next question is
why is there someone's hat in it that I
don't quite understand unexpected phone
call Olivia rang me and told me that her
dad he's currently at my house hmm I got
all over the guy don't see mama pumpkin
I don't think Lydia's seen him since
she's at her operation they don't see
each other that much so I'm gonna go
back to my house now
say hello and I've got some milk to a
Carla Pacino coffee even though I got
Starbucks oh you like it did I did I'll
pick you good I got you I this it's a
chocolate brownie do you want it Alice
Alice resist the temptation how is the
diet going how much weight have you lost
yeah you have you totally raised
yourself every girl that says they've
got way this is a liar you go girl high
five hey oh oh she's working out she's
got more reflexes he's got more reach
let's wait in those big no way this says
sender mrs. Burks oh hey yo got it from
it up it says hey Tom I found this and
thought you'd love it from Beth that's
corny Beth court he gave me a runescape
mug drink mug of tea use mug of tea drop
mug of tea examine mug of tea cancel
Cheers
but no one sends me stuff no one stays
me stuff well guys no sense me anything
oh that Lois any mug appreciate on that
but no one sends me anything anymore
it's awful with you look at this I'm
like a gift for you oh my god it's for
me I open it up and who's it - wait wait
wait what is this get well soon Lydia
Thomas quite a legend I've not yet read
who this is all but they gave me a
chemistry short set bloody Oh perfect
form into your drink listen mate it's
already I just liked saying buddy
phylidia do you think perfect weight is
all what Lydia's dad drives a van
I thought me oh I got deliberate it's
Lydia's dad drives I thought I'll be
well impressed well I don't know how the
impressed Bob drives it man
this the same guy use hey listen we take
care of Rick she gets fed at this
household oh my god it's a little
package of just chocolate and sweets and
stuff
wait what is that I thought it was a
wrapper I've never seen that before in
my life
no and now the proud owner of a brand
new child brand-new I don't know if
that's the word yeah there's the kitty
look you see it you use it you can just
see your taste
look at her
what I look at me oh you're so confused
that you can see yourself value yeah you
talk to it then you just run on the
responds every now and again what's that
say kitty you wanna go see it look you
like it you like it yeah I know I know
Gatsby so distracted by this little
stick that the baby's approaching the
baby didn't carry more babies well over
it bless you let's go face
give me back feeding time the zoo cat
Steve feeling chillin chillin like a
building gonna get himself a killing
right Steve you've got four to three
crickets that you go go get fuck okay
whoa what are you doing you want to go
inside as well he's being on Stu keep
trying to use food or she come on now
come on and no hello hello come on no
come down and I'll put down finger come
no that's a bike for your poo no yeah
walnut there we go yes yes I was gonna
be streaming but then I heard Chinese
food was on the table is she asleep
passed out for me I love doing but this
is going out for food with her and her
dad is kind of difficult I don't sound
sure we've got a I believe in on the
house soup or broth for starters from
seeing reactions around the table that
are rough wasn't too impressive but oh
my lord
Alton pepper chipping thank you a listen
I know you're judging me but this is
what I I live on I know you're not
Wow yo that song pep chicken is amazed
and oh my god oh my god is that is that
good
ooh tissues called min hae go it's like
fried prawn inside there's no shrimp and
oh my god absolutely gorgeous
but the other place we go to
well thanks xxx appreciate sharing the
oil doesn't I'm not gonna shit myself a
pills no most likely this is gonna go
straight through me it's chilly so it's
probably most likely gonna be spicy and
I shit myself look at it oh that smells
spicy
that was a very nice dinner with Lydia's
death now time to head home and do some
stuff dad leaving I love this restaurant
I like lights we finally found out who
these flowers were from and it turns out
get well soon
from twitch Olivia we wish you a speedy
recovery and look forward to see you
sleigh on runescape best wishes Twitter
you go do what you need to do because
these cats are waiting for your decision
you're either going to the wound of the
bedroom they don't know it to go this
way this way
Hey look who it is it's motivational
chicken now ain't no one day is nearly
over but you know what there's still
time left
she'll get will get Alvin it oh boy
we're back playing ecology zombies okay
okay we're back playing zombies about to
hit the box the first time leave a
comment down below what good I'm gonna
get from the Box on my first ever spin
in months
all right am I gonna get what am I gonna
get what am I gonna get oh oh wow
Wow I call this the crayon shooter I'm
so happy with it okay so that flashlight
produced a massive white on the screen
Joe diamond is whoa I realize it was
this late flip your neck so yeah the
reason why the chat same flush is
because Lydia decided that the voting
sorry the key word set another giveaway
was flush so that's why the chat is
currently going batshit crazy
a massive shout out to all these people
for the support throughout the stream so
had they been absolutely awesome
especially yoga yeah you all right so
all you have to do is count down and
then click this wrong button there okay
once you pick that once you click it it
will it'll all make the pick someone's
yeah
Oh real mystic thank you very much
subscribing logwood going in ten nine
one like it and the winner is
Jamie nine six well no congratulations
to your face my brain
noise okay so I'm streaming in the cap
for now house oh he's just there no you
run away
come here trying to learn back with your
walk
oh nice cats big comeback that is very
not great
mistakes as big cats be no gods be lucky
about and see what happens
I've got a feeling if we don't get back
now he's actually gonna disappear
alright to try and get attention we've
now got the laser pointer when your cat
runs out the house and you don't want
him to run away simply use a laser
pointer like going guiding straight into
the house like it's like landing your
plane come on come on come on back in
the house back in come come come
herding cats oh he got smart show him
again always found the treats that put
down trim around him
oh no no no we resell the progress or
now CD got him straight into the house
keep going keep going keep going keep
going keep going keep going keep going
I'm how to hurt a cat what a wife I'm
nice look at me is like oh shit I'm in
the house that's the Furby she's ever
invented out the house Oh fucking big to
see funny no don't fall off the edge
your parent Mahdia hmm maybe it's the
thing that I care so much
massive shout-out to doofy waters
congratulations my friend
okay he said oh my god thanks
congratulations my friend you win if you
win yourself a t-shirt GG a unless did
you know a few details I just yeah dingo
up to dead late when I help of food and
that was pretty much my day when it I
don't really do much today well I might
as well
I've been streaming right now on this
session for an hour for two hours but
I've been streaming since what time
since half past seven I've been
streaming in it's now three o'clock in
the morning this little stars been
looking up to me she brought me hot
chocolate
thank you very much that bought twitch
charge what I say hello damn say hello
here right now is the twitch chat just
going absolutely banana crazy wait
everyone say it looks sick can they see
it as the emoticon updated I don't think
it has I've added a new emoticon forum
or a emoji I don't think he's I don't
think he's added just yet no no no I
don't think so whatever where everyone
is just going absolutely batshit crazy
now saying hello to the vlog much love
guys thank you for cheering me all night
your legends have you been waiting for
us really look at this little kitty oh
nice yawn hello have you been waiting
for us to come cuddle to boo max
you know it's down so thank you very
much watching I hope you enjoyed the
video if you did I don't even know I did
today make she leave like great
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for the next day live look until
that much love ha d host own don't
forget make sure you follow me on
twitter at pro syndicate my app will be
down below make it for me follow me now
