that's a pretty boring cup of tea John
makes it better raise a Croma yeah why
are you singing in me washing machine
good morning
so I would class this 516 m as a new
dawn and a new day so let me show you
how I'm dealing with it these apparently
are all the drink bowls with drinks left
in them however this lot not so much
this know how to take gift to the bin
eyes are not simply bring the bin to
them to be honest I just seemed like the
easiest solution to make us look at that
who recycles sorted done 5:20 a.m.
sorted cleaned
I have all my bottles ready to go back
on the shelf I'll have to do is wash
down the sides put all these in the
washing machine and boom that is what it
is a successful night now all I need to
do is trail this back through my house
actually touch zero walls on the way in
so can i successfully do that on the way
out
wish me luck think I might be a good
friend and putting a glass wall in front
of each table so when you weight loss
h2o door this is not his I'm not gonna
be mean and drink it gets on a glass of
water put it in front of me so we wake
some people like my mouth is like John
is a flip-flop new John new day feeling
fresh looking petite mostly don't get
what it is that the longer my hair gets
the more lazy I get styling it I think
it's white people like you want I'm
going to take a look like Joe sugg when
it has so long they just like well I
seem like the waste out it goes and it's
done it's actually good to see he's a
fucking geez breakfast time at tenth
house oh yes you look potato cakes with
the fry up get your gas gas GameChanger
thank you I'm editing the vlog and I let
Steve out and he's walked into the wall
about twice and is attacking that that
box about three times can kind of work
out what the hell he's doing
yes I'm talking about you ah yes the
next day of collecting my clothes from
around my house nothing changes nothing
changes at all yeah
nothing changes there's still lots of
penises overall but you know what first
successful attempt at using the chart
wall when amazingly I found them figured
I love for this problem
so as my house which you can feel like
we're growing these trees and stuff they
go all the way down the sides
well the gardener puts like strings
around them with these bamboo things to
keep them straight but if I've got to
take a piece of string off hook so as
the tree grew this wire stayed like this
size and look what it did to the tree
and it got so like thin and weak they
just went in the storm song Doris killed
my tree well bat on a garden it's kind
of like a joint murder how the hell do I
just drive down a road what does like oh
look rock I'm like what okay
it's hard to see what it is he's a
rocket no fly he make a competition
there was a competition about who could
get a rocket in UK into the interspace
yeah and I think he entered his
competition it was a big money of or
chorus and I think he fueled it on sugar
solar Wow sure yeah sure
how random is that I was gonna stand on
my car but then I looked at how muddy
this wasn't decided this is probably not
a good place to take an Audi TT where I
right now is this place that my dad
songs have always been after a like a
proper eight with loads of one so I can
drive cars I can do whatever one quad
bikes motorbikes so the race track do
whatever I want and just you know have
my freedom around nobody else this place
didn't move of nowhere it went up for
auction
so we think someone might have boy we
would have to tear that down and build
from the new bought it would just been a
playground on it we could tore down a
house built a building to the store
vehicle visit somewhere and then it
could have been my playground
well Shane Wales was also a German
director next time still my super dream
is to own a big factory like a 15-story
factory okay
eight story Factory and then just make
it the ultimate like penthouse like
highway this only would have been ideal
could you go yeah out of the way not
disturbing anybody you interested no
neighbors yeah you know little you see I
got a boat yeah more like a speedboat
dad books he knows we're supposed to go
to a down a mountain bike races ever
because I ended up uploading my vlog we
ended up being late and missed it then
we went to go see that land and it's
been sold so now I'm stopping I'm
wondering what the hell is building is
I've probably drove past this building
like nineteen thousand times in my life
and I'm finally going to work out with
it it is called Newton Hall one of
Britain's oldest male Eagle Cook's frame
building Wow
what is it cook frame we need about it
if you want we are going down memory
lane right now this is where my dad
almost good work I was gonna go give you
like what the fuck is going on so lo and
behold that we pull up to this factory
my dad's like Oh guys can we come have a
look at it
this guy actually knows my videos lo and
behold that we just pull up to a random
factor and there's a funny absolutely
crazy but look at the size of this thing
this I want something like this so I
could do like Ken Block Jim Connor in it
so it's really only this place goes for
sale exactly what I was saying like
drift around here and stuff and is a
broken down quad bike but this is like
Daisy just fun extra sections got all
collectible cars like the guy who owns
this Factory these are all his cars over
the years we've got like this TV October
which my dad once owned in red with a
servo no I wanted to oh no good you know
to them it was just say and you crashed
it yeah yeah this is it doing in this
pub is what this is for sale this
defender defender oh this is where used
to work when you were a kid Joseph
Adamson's Adams in 1885 I mean 1885 when
I was oh yeah my dad's not that old but
this is where my dad used to work when
he was about 15 and the people who we
worked with used to pick him up and
that's the canals right
over there and used to throw him off the
bridge off the bridge into it okay
hahahahaha you preach from there on that
level career and why did he took you off
it it was like in induction alright yeah
yeah
I didn't apprentice you still have an
induction and I've never seen all this
before how random we just have two
security guys like a like hey can we
just drive around and look at it anyway
yeah sure why not thank you memory lane
that that is exactly what I won I would
say something bigger but I don't think
you get anything but you said you call
these little shops in the bottom it just
didn't secure so there clearly never
going to leave but if I could add
something and have that which all the
underground would be for my car parks
right back in my trousers might have
like 20 vehicles biologist whatever's
standing up go-cart track in all the
floors that would connect all the floors
together so from the first to second
it'd be like a ramp going up between and
then all the top floor would be like my
house living areas all that sort of
stuff and on the roof should be like the
sickest chill-out pile ever it's my
dream fucking place it is honestly like
my dream dream so I love my house I live
in it's absolutely incredible but look
this mill is completely run down which
is what I'm talking about this exactly
what I'm talking about guys actually
love it
do you buy all this lump all of it and
then one three three four four stories
of just whatever the hell you want like
a six garage door engines like another
one of them they're like twice as wide
so I could just drive around the side
and then if you like imagine like in
like GTA we've got like one two three
four five six children I buy cars all
laid out that's exactly what I do this
building I want this song bad it's in
the middle of absolutely bumfuck nowhere
which is per se because you're not to
worry about anything absolutely anything
I can make like a zip line coming down
like exit my bedroom in matte black Audi
RA
that is gorgeous what
now looking at size absolutely beautiful
not bad and why it's so quick you can
see that the tallest building in
Manchester
that's the hell thing you can see it
from here yeah this I feel like I've got
like a game engine rendering set to
maximum but that looks crazy
yeah they clean up from an after-party
Pete to spill everywhere sourced it and
then the best the best of it all a nice
folded up smashed bottle of Corona
Christopher the next step of the night
is empty all of these glasses huh what
what am i doing you guys so everybody
watching afford to know which he's been
talking about swamp red chicken pieces
this is the food that I could probably
survive off for the rest of my life
that's what it looks like absolutely God
this is what I tried cooking that time
and it wasn't too successful but this
took this heaven and now if you like
chicken you know Chinese food and you've
never tried this I want you to all go
out tonight it was nothing like mmm
there's nothing tastier in life and so
legit challenge it check check sergeant
Jackson bitches who says all of this and
then bites into and finds a bone oh I
might to finally get rid of all these
balls ignore the massive amount of
margarita mix and this year they don't
on doing that but look at this if you're
telling me that is not an incredibly
stock collection don't know which but
lemons down it or oranges haha if your
smell absolute why am I thinking you
guys can smell things like when are they
going to invent televisions apps like
that TV show are like a kid thinks
smellivision
for what oh my got my entire house it's
just gonna smell getting everything
organized in this house look at that
Cooper's looking fresh as hell
what are you doing this cabinet I'm not
open this in like three years maybe um
toilet roll bags and tinfoil Oh honestly
when you have this much chocolate in
your house
have an appetizer ear so I guess in a
good way if you don't want to eat bad
food well person Chinese food whatever
but if you don't to eat bad food just
simply put it in your house so when you
have it on demand all the time you just
never want it that's it he says in vlogs
which he drinks all the time and has
this much alcohol and still doesn't stop
me I don't even know so for the record
by the way I am very very tempted to do
a month of no drinking just because when
I was out in the Cayman Islands the guy
was talking on skype Sir William he
actually stopped drinking for what was
just going to be a month and then I
think it's on like 46 days or something
like 40 days of no drinking and he's
like what's the bunch way is in really
really good shape and it's just feeling
like a much healthier person save a lot
of money so I'm tempted to do it like I
think the longer that may have gone
without drinking you know over the past
few years it may be max two weeks
probably two weeks is a fair shout but
if I could do a full month I think I'm
pretty cool you know it'd be nice to see
like like if I you know work out for
that four months and that really helped
and stuff what shape I could be in so oh
no if I if I do it if I do it we all
have to do is then like one like 13 year
old watching my vlog like Tom I'm not a
lot of fucking drink idiot oh man this
place is so messy this is just not what
I want above current do it however
returning to this that's okay I'm going
to try and plug that in and you know and
you know what you know what I got this
by the way is the C 9th way which is
literally like the industry standard
sort of webcam everyone used but then
this bad boy came out because now that
it's 4k which is 1080p 60fps which kind
of a see the whole point of me having
this no joke I have this entirely rigged
up with like a mini HDMI cable at all
sort of just so I can have a 60fps like
webcam so it's kind of overkill but it
does the job and that's what it's there
for now it is but boy this is just
plugged in by USB so I can down
technically get rid of that and get rid
of that just replace it with this Allah
and so it goes into the draw of
retirement we've got an Xbox controller
or I say that I'm going to use half the
stuff in here but it goes into the draw
nonetheless with it we all webcam
and I shoot it and forget about it so
you know your Internet's bad where you
can't download an 82 megabyte file in a
few seconds instead it takes me no
matter you're supposed to be a native
yet
I realized I'm killing the rockin
windows of them because I'm an idiot and
I just prefer it and lo and behold I go
through a little sentence update drivers
all the sorts of important when using
Bree only windows secure the webcam is
limited to 1080p so yeah yeah oh my god
that's that's not good that that that is
not the answer I was looking for when
installing this so I'm going to try and
update my computer to Windows 10 but I'm
pretty sure last time I did this the
computer died on me so I need to grade
my PC to Windows 10 but in the meantime
before I do that I'm great my computer
I'll just let it all day all night and
download Windows 10 I'm gonna try h1z1
on this LG like a 32-inch ultra wide
screen mana I don't know how it's going
to play I don't know what its gonna be
like well I'll show you guys in a second
hahahahaha
this is absolutely glorious oh my gosh I
did not think it would go up as good I
think I only have a gtx titan in my
computable i didn't actually think it
would work unlike an ultra-wide might
like this but looking it you just become
immersed in it oh this is incredible I'm
getting 116 FPS whilst doing it playing
on ultra oh it should be completed also
I really want my new background it's
like a 4k something remember GE the
moment of truth to find out whether or
not upgrading to Windows 10 is going to
allow the webcam to work please
oh yes yes yes
oh my god oh my god it works we have
nice Oh doing this completely didn't
take me like three and a half hours to
get a webcam working but you know what
it was worth it because it's working I
tried playing h1z1 between
I did really bad so I think because it's
up at 12 in the morning right now I'm
gonna go to bed
ah a clash god what does this mean
game era everything breaking it says
high CPU usage because the bill cards is
based on the system what what do you
mean by video cards the step from a
system of forcing a promoter people
panicked over there was indeed and it
wasn't okay that what focus there was
indeed an update I needed to do thank
God ah try this one again we're going to
click play and hopefully everything
isn't going to crush on me he says oh
yeah it is working is it from running
we're going 200 on like 20 frames a
second this is sweet 21 and the most wit
cup of tea you'd ever seen in your life
Oxana
wait for it wait for it wait for it wait
for it wait wait foot through kill this
and then you'll see right here no oh it
design should show the two left and wait
for it wait what you survived I won a
game of h1z1
king of the kills first place two kills
what alright see not going to end my
weekends I'll hope you've enjoyed it
make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe hopefully to where I'm going
to find a murder for this wall
cuz if I don't I'm going to rip that TV
out of there put it there instead into
everyone new who's been here thank you
so much for subscribing and clicking
that one because now you're part of the
life of Tom which is a big happy family
of just pure random don't you forget
right distinct original shirt is exactly
what the brand new and comes out on
Thursdays if you want to get it it going
to be going live soon so I'll cut that
thank you for watching
