okay well I did not expect to wake up
today and see this well it is snowing in
Chicago two days ago I was sunbathing
outside and the next day was raining and
today it is snowing I hope this doesn't
mean my flight tomorrow is going to get
canceled xiaolin changed
I don't really pants on though so sorry
about that oh it is oh shit
I'm hoping this reopens thank God let's
not make the same mistake again
it is chilly as all hell outside and I
am not about that laughing but that's
not like Budi how here it is
the Logitech 4k webcam oh oh damn
download some obey them
woo is it press it away that's all this
is it in all of that glory
woo alright I'm going to say goodbye now
okay thank you very much that have
enjoyed good I'm gonna miss you wait you
know you're coming back after I'm gone
now I'm fuck you're gone I was here came
left came back I know I'm gone gone gone
gone I've got to go back okay you're
gone thanks for having me okay I'm going
to send you like a big package to say
thank you for having me so Saturday yeah
well it's gonna be a surprise so I
appreciate leave idea for what what what
why were you where you going
oh yeah no no I got bored and I'm going
to came out for 10 days I'm sick
freezing I need to go somewhere hot so I
am going to the Cayman Islands just run
them we decided that's why I bought that
suitcase and I put my flight yesterday
so we came out I'm allergic to them so
I'm glad to limb brother death and if
you watch Blackmer they're going to
bring out robot beads and then robot
bees are going to kill people because
they'll be a little micro drones and
it's going to be end of the world we're
going to we're all gonna die by bees
telling you getting the supplies I need
set boxes so boxes suck
I'm more socks this is $200 worth of
ammunition and the other but I went
around with hundred rounds like a little
cardio here old car top reason is win oh
oh my gosh oh my god found another
Breitling start over here this is my
Bible here look beautiful and I love a
silver scrapbook it gets them two prints
all over it oh you don't even have a
strap no I got the military strap yeah
like that your wood it's really nice
just watch it bye guys about two years
old right it was strong I'm gonna some
comments which which ones you guys
perform insane yeah we're like its users
like you this 43 one looks a little bit
bigger
it was nice together I'd actually go my
country yeah my watch this box by the
way I was a little bit asking I'm late
to everything but Dean's good together
okay
after many minutes of messing around I
think I've got the webcam up and running
check this out oh my god you ready
commit this is this is supposed to be
some 60 FPS you ready if I wave my hand
it should wave in time also July to
introduce yourself hi I'm Braxton
we do get I want to check out of here
for doing the most money for the Call of
Duty endowment so you don't realize if
you donate don't know you like $5,000
Charing yes sir this guy's a legend and
turns out yeah actually what you're
something else oh goodness and he wants
to see them to that if you guys want to
make you happen
semaj salt from the 60s tetanus you know
I'm gonna say that December I'm looking
for oh really oh wait it just watch your
tongue it's so kind of fine like it's so
good hey this was unreal fucking wrong
this is the fire self
we got the razor blade laptop okay which
really go for an inch pro not the
stealth not the self because I got the
pro because the self needs like a minute
I got the new one too we got the same
one out of you've got the exact same one
right this is my ultimate traveling self
I've got most of Parts I need
I got this new 4k webcam but I'm more
using it for 1080p 60fps beautiful we
then got this new device which came
today
look at this Rick you ever run out
yeah get your bio I picked it up did you
lock slot not have an Ethernet port in
it
no well look at this USB 3 acetate for
whizz through your feet on top of it on
room on on real I'm still waiting for
the link no I want the link to the
camera and I want to link the Amazon
immediately I got hook you guys up
eventually but let me let me create
thank you let me create my ultimate
travel gaming film forget about Monday
because you just don't have done that
business alright I'm a perfectionist
with great time well I'm not gonna dress
but I don't forget about the fun cocky
by said is a smaller medium ok which one
should we hook em awkward
alright know what say go is having the
Illuminati and you go dude there's a
brand new medium men's t-shirt cool
thank you for watching my videos my
mistakes you don't need so much money
carry that up here is looking pretty
good
TMI so I got my swim shot remotely I got
some t-shirts into it and then I got a
perm and smoker oh I'm going to show you
that in a minute
I bought this just for literally just
for a review one ah right hey hey I'm
trying to step up my vlogging games yes
this isn't the same sure yeah here is
the publisher that's a shore microphone
for an iPhone yeah so I'm going to test
it like everyday item over to TV is good
something again the Cayman Islands on
the beach
testing testing 1 2 3 because before you
know probably
I'm packing everything up I got some
more socks like you guys saw today but I
got myself some t-shirts I'm gonna throw
them straight I'm taking out the package
in put them straight in here and I
should be ready scripture came out what
is he doing why are you doing this
don't let don't make why what what do
you mean why why are you being
adventurous that I'm leaving oh gone
gone yeah it's not strong enough
get ready for more you don't you see
okay okay okay wait you saying you're
after it know your tastes as a dream
yeah wait picture don't open so much all
right that's the last time we're gonna
see heck now maybe tonight it was
supposed to be early today but I just
asked a lot of time we're going to see
heck and then in here we got this
motherfucker
wait I'm growing I'm growing I'm getting
there I wind up wait and you want these
listen if it takes to the Cayman Island
well so I was getting I was going to
give you a syndicate regional medium
t-shirt where you can go whoa oh you do
Alice hooked you up I remember I always
star in your video you always had my
bracelet on your microphone for such a
long time
oh we go I also hope you all enjoy this
next 15 seconds of footage of no music
and just people floating
I'm in three times as much
the habit
they're like
a captured
Oh
Oh God
we got 24,000
we can
amazing
Oh
ah so thumbs up
because how people hate to try and do
why did he call oh this guy's got back
of the healthy cows and guess what
there's no one in the kitchen then no
one in the bathroom but do you know the
one place where there is someone
Mike's asleep on my bed oh my bag is
packed my video is uploading for
tomorrow is my wallet where's my
passport
there's my sister's mate sister's makeup
palette that she's making bring all the
way holding me at bags packed
I'm gonna box that tomorrow I think
everything's ready to go and my bed for
the night interesting enough is now
hitches orderly so hitch it now moved
upstairs this company's room and I
taking this this doesn't mean I'm fully
moving into this room because if I ever
move it to the object house boy I want
the basement because I've got a
projector okay well right now I'm at the
airport you'll hear of the trials and
tribulations that I know that's right
saying what went down to get me here and
whether or not I'm even going to make my
flight because some shit has gone down
however and we're trying to avoid this
now if this went up on time all right
within an hour's time then that's great
but right now it is worries I'm trying
to upload this in 720p just so I can get
the vlog or it's not gonna be like six
hours late and that means it's not a
daily life so thank you very much for
watching I think I have to go make sure
leave like rating subscribe and I catch
you guys next time
also before I wrap this up real quick if
you guys want to check out the new
gaming video that yet approaches new
h1z1 video and the video is like gold I
really really enjoyed it so if you guys
will go check out the problem down
description for that a lot of people
have been asking like so I thought
you're gonna start posting daily I'm
trying to do like one day and then every
other day so to prove - why not
folks I'm travelling so much knowledge
it makes it difficult that's why I'm
trying to make this like ultimate gaming
stuff so I can just do it on the move
anywhere so yeah we'll see if the Cayman
Islands has good upload speeds for me to
be a believer 1 plus h 1 z 1 or 2 upload
any sort of vlog or video so until then
wish me look under interview
