oh it's a misty day in Chicago right now
and good morning to your faces I went
back to that bakery and got one of the
finest pastry money can buy
it's only a dollar 49 so I don't know
I'm gonna make a rhyme but I forgot the
other vibe in the mall oh I want to play
on it I've got one at home waiting for
me I returned to the UK I'm going to set
that up in my cinema so I'm like loads
of snakes and supply in it and yeah
should be good we try make some videos I
thought okay difficult the film VR
content book what even is this return
visit explain yourself okay don't get it
okay then 3d magic candy watch it pretty
cool what did he make incredible how am
I not God I mean I need one of these in
my life but you are good oh how much
this it should have gone this a lot
sooner but this wall the inside were
done you can see them all sucked and
what the hell thing you know they're
stuck all the way in it rocks and my
bricks and stuff so it shows whether fun
on what it is and like this or cars like
yeah my audience will really care about
this when I start this one this is a
piece of new rock Wow sorry and it's
nude doesn't right now but I'm not
trying to yell if it were out with but I
trying to kick these any British ones
but by the looks of it there is not a
British one racist it's your birthday
yeah I know
so we're going to play it like your
birthday by going to for the win and
arcade then bowling and then the hell is
that right oh um maybe a prayer I know
we should
I know it's your birthday but I'm gonna
kick your ass okay okay hey I'm not
going easy on I placed in that Illinois
state champ
it was great huh all right so I'll see
you guys when I get the first strike if
I get the first strike you have to pay
for this even though is you're going to
execute okay elect ones first and she
got eight I am probably going to do a
sort of all the first game don't tell
about okay that's professionalism keep
creating out the ball I'm not doing that
I'm not cheating I'm not cheating I'm
not cheating
how you going on here it is like
decorative or what wait is it real
but someone sex I think oh my God if I
ever on a pool table is it genius if I
ever on a pool table I'm doing that no
got a strike I have to say good job high
five who you were an idiot how did you
keep calling today I don't think we've
done it's not looking good boys I have
to get two strikes to win now is it
going to happen
Oh thankfully it's grape it it's getting
it that's right and I didn't mess up
well tell me what how many nines I got
through out
so just write my name comes vinegar
close
welcome to how to get to try for a walk
right drum drum stepdaughter for college
ready go to the middle
you feel you're gonna get oh yeah okay
okay I know you're eating I'm so sorry
okay okay - dude it's like hot on the go
why wait one was up yeah he's got a
spare
yes parent you get 113 drug your home
will go
actually my keys 143 I think it's 123
104 show me some skill election it's
your birthday
we're going to highly right-click the
birthday we're going to knock things
down like it's your birthday because we
don't give it a foot but it's your
birthday okay so she wants just film
this fish you know she's gonna fail it
might butter it right that's what
working to throw right
does that go is go that goat in the blog
yeah we're going to bother like it your
birthday because you can't Bowl on your
birthday he doubled my store I saw our
scoreboard I renamed the GGG Spence
everyone creaser conferred during June
after my amazing victory the previous
game you know I be about the 20 inside
the next game I'll do it here we got 9
simple months I just sat down to in some
wings
your second go on the next game just got
strike your life does not suck
instructor if you get started on my way
good job you'll never get this again in
your life
gradually crowd
congratulations agility strike strike
that's right my perfect game won't mind
so I quit strike wait I'll go so wrong
let it all go so wrong strike strike
first right seven six
if I can get at least one more strike I
can die a happy man
okay I'll beat you I'm gonna throw my
shoe down No
you
Kadapa 140 you want me got 105 I got a
good number for 142 Alexis order some
food and she cooked it in Montreux and I
would be sorry pirated haha that is it
coriander i everyone in my comments like
get really offended sometimes when I say
American versions of a British word
wrong so I think so like I said cilantro
because I don't eat so entremet in UK
and I always see on like tacos and stuff
like Mexican food was very very used a
lot but it's coriander
so I'm allergic coriander eighth-place
like 30 minutes all my British people
calm down I still want the country I
love the Queen she's great tea and
crumpets all that bought coriander
or cilantro
can go it
ah
okay
it's my go
he goes pasta box cries how did you I am
eating it everything wrong here so she
good that's it
she beat me so bad
you're a bubble I think I'm sorry I have
a question did high five
I was going to move it I'm actually
starting this wall right now because Lex
now my fault really what did i do again
put the 8-ball pocket where is it
three games in a row a high table she's
played five games of cool in their
entire life within three I'm for the
eight ball
 my life
yes I am at the same restaurant I was in
today's guilty
the fund is on it is that good yes I
bought the same food again however it's
your birthday
so I thought guilt is a nice place they
like it happy
good
oh you're hopeful I love this challenge
in this event also I broke them up it's
not supposed to look like that it's
supposed to look like this but I'm a
wizard
what is there's several things to be
worried about in life but the moment I
have to start worrying about falling ice
its
petrifying yeah holy Jane
you got a load in your own clothing line
online and we'll have enough teachers
the trip that I'm about to go on and
won't practice package about three times
I know what it is I am so happy one of
every single syndicate original design I
cannot wait to go on the whole day look
at that it's already packed ready to go
in my suitcase okay well I'm out through
my vlog right now as a mark I'm doing a
bit of last-minute shopping from a
holiday so you'll find out wait I'll
even tell you guys
no you guys don't know just wait till
tomorrow's one but then I'm going so
make sure you stay I will also summer
camp looks I guess guys next
