it is my last day in paradise today I am
bugs but I'm ready to go I managed to
get my voice edited till 3 a.m. in the
morning I got it a failed one I woke up
at 5 o'clock redid it it's not loading
with it allo left can't wait for this
one to go up it's a good vlog and yeah
everything packed up and we're going
season dollars
this guy this guy hey man you wanna go
swim some Gardens because humans and
dolphins okay good but and an orange
juice oh just looking inflatable rock I
know right weird sensation oh what'd I
miss memo well we look at what is going
on right I still like that
oh good good thank you very much for
sizes are Matthew we're a local run
champs endure hey we're gonna go take a
look at the phones and see our derpy I
look I'm quickly watching a room just
check it out making sure on the laptop
equipment packed away but again massive
massive love and shouts Matthew you
might be like wait what why now you guys
know I've absolutely busted up money and
I might limp in like an idiot so Matthew
I told them yesterday turned up with one
of these like it like when the knee
brace absolutely boss I can't leave it
is that so much thank you so I
appreciate it like I tried it on flat
ten seconds it was already helping and
because you thought I was sunburned aloe
vera what what a great guy think I've
got everything if you guys can see
anything applause behind let me know the
trash is left come I may flip my flippy
floppies I got my bag and then I need
not forget my watch
opposite oh it's just sad goodbye to say
goodbye to Jess equality everyone like
that everyone goodbye to everyone at the
front I've had an absolutely incredible
time here and I'm so upset I got to get
to the airport now
I just found out that my flight from
Miami to Manchester is delayed so
hopefully not by too much sport
this place has been paradise are you
watching my vlog that next I mean the
car yeah driving my brain huh can't
complain with this Matthew thank you
very much for dropping off the air made
my brother what a champion thank you say
thank you realize without it I will be
back in another six years just some you
know the Facebook message I'll be back
in six years
yeah I'm like well way back behave thank
you so much dude like I literally have
the best views in the world except for
its tiniest now and absolutely digital
so I hope I haven't put my clippers and
snorkel on the point they just said
you're only allowed on with two two bags
and it's like you have three and I was
like well I don't really know what to do
whoa
nothing totally Cayman Islands
beautiful I will be back I love this
place so next time like what you want me
to do put my put my footage of my
goggles on and then walk on the plane
because then I have two bags and then it
just died laughing let me on but anyway
next up landing Cayman Islands beautiful
I will be back
absolutely the next time
and I can feel like a might they not not
like this
when the
on my
the drink and as you're overcome
over there as well
look at that okay
and I know he made a little bit he I
would totally go on adventures of my
life I don't want to risk missing my
quiet ex I say next up London Heathrow
was the first benign Freud was delayed
till 10:30 p.m. gate pieces oh you about
to know this is going down right now
I've come to the other business lounge
to try and set up my my computer in here
and I'm like no idea it was going to be
a full-on desk so I'm going to I'm gonna
for one set up my portable gaming cells
and here for four hours I got four hours
to kill suspecting it says where was I
said limiting your time on this computer
to a maximum of 15 minutes I see how
about backing out I try and see how long
I can stay here playing hey to mt1 for
 gold we're gonna walk down there
I'm gonna have a microphone at my webcam
on absolutely everything if I can scream
from here am i so this is one empty path
looks like and if we go over here real
quick this is what myself looks like oh
he know I've got like my milk some I got
my headset I got my laptop I got like
Mike I've got this one foot for a second
but I've got this charge in I got my USB
extender got my GoPro charge of my
headphones charging my I'm gonna start
like charging these out over the space
before hours but this is the ultimate
traveling game himself
it's brilliant the one downside it most
likely going to be this but I'm not
streaming and might record but I just
wanted to set this all away I know it's
so random and point was what wait what
wait what they have
they have 20 of those be joking they
have 23.9 uploaded deaf six down pretty
terrible but 23.9 that's crazy if I
could see an Ethernet port I could
technically call you my laptop no my
blade when is that laptop does not I
repeat not have a at that poor but I
have a USB to Ethernet adapter the
dominant a cable h1z1 king of the kill
is currently under mayhem and no
institution this is painful
Oh apparently was going to be doing
scheduled maintenance set eight hours by
just are a pop up saying that and
seananners it was playing hey twenty
once all right out play within sort
of thing and then when I try to load up
the game that happened no we have to
play with loose capers on which I've now
made a security system so when I walk
away and leave my laptop here no one can
steal anything you look like what I've
got it to my webcam setup recorded and
I'm going to minimize it so if anyone
comes in in with anything I'll
catch monkey I'm not trying to capture
one doing anything because I don't think
anyone more than I'm pretty sure the
cameras in a but just for like when I go
and get a drink or go to the toilet and
then no one going to walk off unless
they walk onto the laptop and they walk
up with a security system anything that
once wrote this is my security sir it
took me a whole three minutes you will
take a poop as you can see I left at
this point here bye-bye I then
contingent tintin tintin nobody came by
absolutely no one absolutely nothing
absolutely nothing and that boom this
guy what a great idea
is it again if someone walked off with a
laptop that we just described or in
concept it worked
this line sock is that a nice little
buffet some snacks and drinks and a
fully stocked bar not bad right not bad
I like you
and the selection of fruit I shall be
back I'm listening to Beyonce by other
way and a beer and a bit of old school
runescape she's all this gaming soap for
obstacle runescape
I bought my own mind yes this is what
I'm talking about h1z1 is working up and
running I got my setup going I got some
awesome news that this is the razor lap
supply the latest on it got but I got
news that I'm getting something new
quite soon so we may be doing a giveaway
of one of those razor laptop so you'll
just have to stage you know be talk
about it for a long time like an
ultimate giveaway of like a mobile self
- the bids but I'm playing h1z1 I've
already got two kills thank you this was
a very successful lay over five hours in
Miami unfortunately not a full five I
was in hey 21 thought I'm back playing
it but drinks we're kicking back I'm
hoping to fall asleep on a plane and we
good boys we do it is definitely fun
getting the command center up and
running on a bike on the move because
this is like the ultimate like mobile
game gaming vlogging cells and it works
absolutely perfectly the only thing
alone is the fact that h1z1 was down by
the servers with armboard nonetheless
we've got working for life our are
playing a couple of skills absolutely
was really getting to somebody to watch
my volume of tri like if I can so it's
been an air for you might all think so
I give you respect positioning
nonetheless it's been a great five-hour
layover I would have liked to have gone
round Miami for the day but you know
what this kind just worked out even
better so
Gigi your mobile gaming command center
and we were here for four hours
Thank You British Airways I appreciate
let me say longer entertainment what
compressor on yeah big ass playing actor
myself
mother of God they've opened the
floodgate this is a priority boarding my
clapping stuff like that and everyone
look at me just move on to the gate me
while I just kick back on a rocking
chair but I am in a rocking chair and I
just went into that one to complain
because you know what might be going
nowhere
unlike the one time I say that they
double booked my flight and then my keys
taken both than that I look at the
fitted here so I'm just gonna like they
go even blush I'm just going to wait to
be back to punch it your own face and
fight to that and good rest money in
between Harry and Ronnie you cracked it
so like spice up there
be nice be Jennifer the journey home
should be gonna look very very well done
put on the less Khaled water and blacks
or scatter
due to the
well
bring your truck too
progressing and any example could you go
good
try the gun dishes what for well my
surprise is absolutely gorgeous in
England on out Wow with it being a new
dawn in a new day I must end this vlog
and start anyone so I hope you enjoyed
today's vlog if you did guys make sure
you leave a like rating I'm massive
thank you to Matthew for being
absolutely incredible and hooking up
that dolphin thing this morning it was
just so surreal and just so much fun and
all that sort of stuff so massive
appreciation to that bar I'm extremely
tired but I'm going to get on with the
next day now so until tomorrow at 6 p.m.
I hope you enjoy the Borg and I will see
you guys in the next adventure in
Chapter of the life of John collee oh
good
