I'll check out I just know I came back
to sleep I'm not sure if you guys can
hear that but it is the loudest
ventilation system in the world I'll
understand it the query actually put my
life but that is just a lie these
opposite guys have the weirdest sleep
schedule I heard some of them going out
to the gym at 5:00 a.m. because it's not
been to sleep yet and then some of them
got out food at like 7 a.m. because
they're all just going to bed so I'm
going to try and get like an extra hours
sleep and if that doesn't work I am
climbing that chimney and attempting as
we did there just saying I'll care about
your love life stuff thank you for the
sandwich from suburb appreciate it
except we don't want to accept we don't
need to be hurt
we're giving step relationship advice
also I'm eating a sandwich I feel fresh
up for a shoulder then closes yesterday
though mmm it's time for me to make
another self another shell this time
just give me my consult oh it's going to
be right here this is specific check
this set up already absolutely perfect
so this is going to be my chili now
games up because we've got like all
these sofas all these screens you've got
PlayStation and Xbox is that you just
don't use strongly set up a monitor here
with a Playstation and I'm on it here
with Xbox on there there's the screen
for that because it just laying around
so I'm going to play modern warfare
remastered on PlayStation and get to
level 55 so that way I can play the old
men of opposite games I can my room from
here I'll introduce for my laptop there
the internet connections in the corner
so I've just got like a cable running
over to it to do all the downloads and
update we're going to take a sweet-ass
amount of time but yeah I'll be able to
do a muddle off it remastered on post
consoles so I'm looking forward to
getting itself it should be pretty sweet
this is assertive goals I'm so happy
right now it's giving noisy because like
I do try streaming in here the the halo
guys play over there but just to like
playing casually when I'm bored this is
the setup honey mm-hmm however the
internet is quite slow here I was
expecting like 300 up through into down
sort of thing but
a test and it's when we seven down like
three oh so head today you know in a
cartoon where the light bulb will pick
up the head and like I have an idea well
hey this spacing is all open all open
and you just like no but yet you disturb
one another okay like you've got the bar
over there it's great you've got this
ribbon here by the way but this is like
it could be good but it would need like
doing up they said that we're going to
do it but it's got like all the storage
and tiles in here and paint in there and
 so I found this place and eyes are
a little tiny ass cupboard now you might
be like Tom that stupid there's no plug
sockets in there it's a waste of space
lean the ailing over luck struck is I
have an extension cable over there but
the one thing I don't have is lighted
because there's no light in here I don't
think there's no there isn't there's no
lights in here however because this one
bulb works and I don't have to weave all
these lights on I'm going to take that
one out put this one in if I turn it on
hopefully enough light may drop down
above me for me to have this door open
and have a little gaming setup in here I
could just put in like could try and
like squeeze this into the back of it
and then push it desk in it could be the
smallest cells ever but it would look
really good and really funny if I can
make it happen
oh we've already found ourselves that
little critter oh he looks like he's
dead oh it looks like this one there's
like there's so many books Seth told me
about this he said I've ever moved into
this house you realized it bugs
everywhere right well well truth will
they still fit in now I would have
measured it but I just thought your will
go for indeed it fit all right Elia
Ruger there
oh my god oh my god upsides of having
this sofa inside here is that one it's
mad comfortable because it fits
perfectly but to there's no room for a
desk so we might have to remove this and
put inside this we just have not had
much progress finding a desk this is
what it's looking out like right now I'm
thinking of just abandon this idea of
putting everything back to normal and
continuing with my setup over there then
this used to be Big Tymers car bought
setting my boy picked it up off him like
a V got a Tesla so now we're now Seth's
got this I think it's beautiful
hopefully that's as good of a driver as
Vicki just going to back up again I'll
aggressive up in here is that they ever
leaving your driving skills down there
is why I love being back in Chicago oh
god the broken bloody door all right we
have a look among food was good
Stephanie oh I was supposed to buy your
dinner but he bought was all dinner
instead
well that's fantastic now you gonna buy
me now go buy your no dinner now we're
gonna go to the movies tonight yeah
that's what I'm saying I'll buy your
ticket con we're going in a day
no we wait we validated TOEFL always
yeah and it was comments in the end
there's some example of people saying
that is like you dating they'd let me
date remember you said you were saying
like hey and it goes free on the market
this a good man oh yeah yeah oh
yeah so girls in my vlog Seth is not
actually taking bucks for you guys what
it is I'm a good guy okay just just just
just in case you know anything doesn't
work out you know my audience still love
you all right love you guys bye bye pop
con tonight okay there's a genius at
optic whoever put this here thank you
because I'm totally sitting on it and
I'm totally something cool because we're
doing Club you'd help I'm sunbathing
tonight Alec was like I can hear
something but I wasn't sure what I could
hear and this big timer and it in his
Tesla listen
wow you guys would hear that incredible
the wireless in the entire house is
still down so I can't use both of them
at the same time so I've decided to
download my opera mustard on the Xbox
I'm trying to get 10th prestige on there
still I completely forgot that rusty is
just walk cooked so I could if I wanted
to go and start streaming h1z1 in that
room but with the time that it is now
think it's a little bit too late so I
think I'm going to go to others go to go
to the movies tonight
boom Bradley is out he's out of bed I
can work on the setup and time to get
this thing back in going literally
almost set or the only thing we're
missing right now is the monitor and the
mouse now I've got the mouse in my
backpack what I am missing is the
monitor now the monitor that they've got
I think it's like a BenQ 104 filter
Hertz monitor which is really really
good to play on like when you playing on
PC sort of thing now this is an ASIS
that's an ASIS that's an ASIS and no one
has changed any of the setups here off
screen so I'm not too sure where it's
gone so I have to track it down find it
and we should be good now this is what I
call awesome is like the drop
off that I needed all day she's got this
delivered all my clothes from me last
time being out here are all washed and
cleaned in here so I don't have to wear
the same even though I love my new
syndicate t-shirt I don't have to wear
the same clothes every single
day so I should have like probably five
six different t-shirts in
look at the first one I pull out you
ready for it
I don't want or you guys did Harry
Potter
I would think I may have uttered the
wrong thing it said lobster so I was
like hell yeah but it came with the
green cake on top of it
also known as avocado um I was I will be
found soon oh she looks hella terrifying
that is not like Emma Watson that was
like Justin Bieber
yes yeah yes yes oh yeah time for a
mannequin review introducing the
greatest mannequin ever boom fab shop
you outdid yourself full use Calvin
Klein teacher or the shrunken one wall
hello oh please black t-shirt
the most emphatic into this a probably
five different orchestras Madeline why
it's just like the most comfortable
breathable sure it was good and I how it
was good daytime current up day I'm in
Chicago like a few days ago two guys
recording some videos for I'm about five
hours fly away from the Cayman Islands
which is about tropical islands and I've
always wanted to get my scuba diver
license I like when my dad I was like
dad I've got an idea
I go to Cayman Islands I get my scuba
dive scuba divers license and he messes
you back today and life's too short made
the most of it which is my motto
so I'm buying a suitcase all the gear I
need and just go and get it done like
I've got no reason to back in the UK so
I think I might do it okay there's my
suitcase five new t-shirts in it a pair
of swim short I'm good oh hell yeah the
thing gets even better
got another train so far we looking
pretty good
John wick - you better be good I've
heard good things I've even seen dog
wick - that was awesome
so Don Lemon out Joe the smoothest is
being credible tell us how they got this
in the front and it's all private and on
the desk you have TV feel into it what
how is this America it's a it's like a
five-star hotel
well movie was amazing nine point five
hours and it was one thing in the
storyline I thought was completely
stupid but nonetheless look at this
cinnamon how another pop connoisseur but
like you've got a normal feeding but you
pay like three dollars extra or
something and you get to sit in these
reclining chairs and play watch so much
you go like this get out
and these are like all requiring jazz
yet from the book on your seed and you
get a huge-ass menu of food drinks and
everything that you can already see you
see the entire way through the movie
honestly the best cinemas I've ever been
to my life like I can't believe ugly was
the screen isn't massive but like the
comfort the reclining chairs the food
the drinks the service everything is
incredible like oh by the way if you
want to write on it I pick in Chicago
and so good if we take a look extremely
hateful videos I think you just got a
kill h1z1 con sexual I believe my by
Bradley are you are you 24 hours dream
in a 24 hours dreaming you're
crazy bro set only 7 I was in alright
good look well I was going to
potentially live streets of oh no not
watching I was potentially going to
stream from hatred no we uh potentially
slice in h1z1 some highlight moments
bull but it's like nearly one o'clock in
morning so I'm gonna get a watered down
man gonna brush Mikey and then I'm going
to go the F to sleep I'm going to try
and probably edit my blog before go to
sleep so it's done for tomorrow but
tomorrow is my hate to 1v1 date I want
to play it I want to give a highlight
moments and funny like clips out so that
is my plan an action even though it is
February nearly March I want to thank
you guys for watching make sure you
leave a like cream I hope you all have a
very Merry Christmas and oh it has their
name on it this is so cute anyway make
sure you subscribe we've like rain I'll
catch you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next daily vlog how do dudes
