no it's a pretty good time stuff they
got that is an ugly-looking vid from
below yeah this is exactly what I need
in my life right now another ham and
cheese panini oh my laws Savior food
school today is proving to be a very
difficult day my leg is absolutely
killing me like playing the volleyballs
ruin my name like I've got bad knee and
it's just completely wrecked the
weather's terrible the winds too windy
so I can't I can't do anything today
today is just a day of doing nothingness
which no one a party boy
a while by I mentioned that there was a
granddad walking around the hotel
looking to me sort of thing and I missed
him and I was good I missed him well lo
and behold I was set on the beach and
someone like text me from the hotel
saying the Grandes back looking fear so
lo and behold I found him there you go
so your grandson's name grunts great
great and where is these bucket likely
area Hilliard Ohio there you go well
amazed to find your granddaddy said he's
going to buy me a drink there's an
absolute legend you didn't have to do
that so thank you for just why say mass
piccolo to your face and hopefully one
day I'll meet you in person on awesome
set of people they bought me a drink to
say thank you like don't need to but
surely they got me a drink and said that
the grunts and watched all the videos so
I was like you've got a knack for today
yep so please chimed in so if you're
watching this I think you will be and it
was very nice to speak you you're an
awesome dude and hopefully one day I'm
back out of the Cayman Islands and
you're here at the same time when your
granddad and we can hang out do some
snorkeling together yeah that's the Sun
going down
so basically done nothing with my day
all because of the wind and let the tide
if I could have got out today and
Johnson bullshit I would have done it
but the weather's been a game so I was
talking to that couple they showed us an
amazing photo of like a really big
tropical crab and it said we start
walking along the beach in this
direction so being really me I'm out
here looking for crabs which you say
that in England
it's not perfect kind of thing is what
I'm assuming a crab would look I can't
get you from there no I didn't realize
that I was gonna need two hands for this
thing that thing was fastest foot booing
actually the kind of crap I was looking
for I'm looking for one that we like the
tropical sticky out the eyes and down
seems about to find any jet how it was
not a comment this one that's try and
crab location I try this one all it's
definitely become cling to that right
the tides on the hotel on lift grab
nothing what I could find more crabs in
Blackpool what along here upstairs AB so
fab you know no clear but that's ok stag
okay Derek mr. Kirk
wait what's up this group that's just
piled a concrete here for some reason I
wasn't too sure okay okay how do I do
this with one hand
okay let's current if you can see him
first of all mr. Club yeah hello what
the hell do you visit I would have found
the crowd thought this belong to
I'm pretty sure this might be a lobster
boy if I would have found this while I
was out crabbing oh my god
oh I think I have some competition
looking for crabs maybe they're looking
Shelby fairway from a boy all right this
this right here is some crab prime real
estate so I have to find one if I don't
I'm pretty screwed
I've done nothing all day because of the
weather I've got about 15 minutes of
sunlight left and if I don't find a crab
the day has been a complete failure
ah the sun's gone down so I guess I am
out of time and found a a skips trying
to hook the crabs out of the hole but
not any holes of Minecraft so
unfortunately
no boys oh oh oh no oh yeah that's
definitely like we've got it
we'll call it we found the club all
right try and get it forward I don't get
him out so I'm going to wait with this
cell which hopefully won't take too long
trance fine and retrieving screen and
they have spoke too soon about speaking
soon because like I D jumped out and
jumped in there east audience out here
is scurried back in and he's now under
here somewhere so I got trying to dig
him out it's really difficult because
like it's now this week and not a lot
alike I'm not using my phone Podge it is
only been like 30 minutes Israel I say
but like I'm still trying to grow the
balls to put down a little stick try and
poke out the hole I'm going in just to
try and get it so I know it's in here
somewhere but I'm having to feel around
the inside of the rod to try and find it
that crab is in there somewhere I've
like fished around in there in my hand
for about no joke
30 minutes and I can't find it there's
no hold it could be hiding or anything
it's just in then just keep dodging it
I'm going to let the Sun sell I'm also
his digging I look what I found the gas
hook and somehow this isn't coming man
though I got enough I quit I actually
quit
I got defeated by a god damn crab I kid
you not I was there for an hour an hour
in between those video cuts that you saw
and we're trying to catch that crab all
the wasted time and I am back he's the
big fish that was here to try and like
film underwater but I guess it just
worked here in the daytime but
oh so you know those shells actually
find it all over the oceans our thing
and some talking about that animal
inside it well guess what is the animal
inside it these are called conch conch
whatever how you want to pronounce the
conch press and they're quite kind of
meatballs you might be just meatball
versions of it like the frizz so I don't
know if I'm looking it on the inside or
if this is it straight away but this is
their primary like a crab cake on earth
all right wish me luck
very chewy but at the same time very
tasty and it tastes just like a cupcake
and may have failed at catching that
crab today but you know what I think I
got the last laugh I ordered crab
victory never tasted so good oh yeah
check me out so damn fancy little water
bowl and the sidewalk you can't really
get a better view than this well you
probably can but it's just so relaxing
and the other water is not that blue
there's not white
okay well I get into the second night
unit beside you
all right come on up fuck up buddy
ah there's a group from the met
yesterday
happy birthday dear you
her name is maja absolutely advice
during yesterday's vlog when I was
singing happy birthday from the trunk of
some car
it was your car my car and I attended a
robot I'm sure I recognize you from
somewhere and it turns out it was
fucking her car does it everybody
Fuzzy's birthday to you happy birthday
to you happy birthday dear guy many days
ago Vega anyone else I don't know
anymore Vega I just told him the story
about how today I tried looking for crap
didn't find it so I went an air crabs
and now we show me this video that in
Jamaica you can find this beach every
single in the crowd holy fucking I spent
soon a half hour with yuca crop and this
be working both of them that's nice and
what's even more not how far away is to
make from here 45 minutes if I would
have known this today I would have got
anywhere explain how probably would have
spent five days here an apology to make
it harder
all right that's it we're going to
Jamaica we're doing it wrong imaginable
tomorrow's vlog I woke up I'm in plug in
Jamaica oh I'm not giving you much fun
so thank you very much dude I am so
happy that I stayed at Margaritaville
like honestly like yes the alarm clock
at 7:00 a.m. the first few days absolute
fucking hell like the construction is
just stupid I work like the elevator not
working like half the hotel isn't even
open bought everyone here has been so
absolutely incredible the staff are by
far the greatest people that man I'm so
thankful to be even in the fucking
presence so nonetheless I would
definitely recommend this hotel on the
note that the people who work here to
work here I'm still walking as if I am a
peg leg like my knee is just so bullshit
about when I go back to England like I
don't know if you can tell I know this
this is such a weird shoveling I don't
know if you can tell but like this knee
is so swollen up I think I think what I
look at you can tell like it's so
swollen that I'm definitely meant for
doctors when I get back right it's all
from when I had that jokey fight with
pamaj I don't know if you guys ever saw
that though I mean imagine like a joke
fight and this this is okay this is like
a mini story time Justin Bieber had a
fight with a guy who's 6 foot 5 March
it's 6 or 5 I'm the exact same height as
Justin Bieber so I was like I wouldn't
put a damper match so we agreed to do a
friendly no punching fight what UFC star
like submit or tap out fire and we did
and I took him down and we called it a
draw then because we just kept going but
he fell for hot like I took him down the
ground he fell from fully stood up with
me spider monkey around his neck on to
money I might just busted it and the
next day I couldn't walk so really weird
circumstance so now every time I do any
sort of like hardcore exercise or
anything like the volleyball yesterday
jumping around everywhere the next day
my knees just broke so I'm going to go
to doctors about it because something's
clearly not right but it is what it is
so there's the story time hopefully
tight so the thing is what I'm going to
do tomorrow it could be absolutely epic
and doesn't hopefully require too much
energy on my knees I'm not sure below
right other words thank you very much
you watch it make sure you leave a like
and subscribe and I got to go tomorrow
6:00 p.m. for the next daily vlog I have
just woke up because what can you hear
an angle grinder my
