look at this mess this is the true
ground it is 343 in the morning and I'm
just about to start rendering
yesterday's vlog I had even more
problems with iPhones and footage and
back ah no how has this happened I
uploaded a vlog overnight that needs to
go live in 58 minutes and somehow I'm
uploaded the same video from another day
so it's failed fuck have a new way of
styling my hair is called the messy look
every day and there's no sense or
coordination to it and just ruffle it it
looks messy and what stock did see I'm
having a bit of a late start right now
simply due to the fact that that video
kind of uploaded wrong I can't blame the
video it was completely my fault
I was supposed to clip the video that
said GoPro day instead I click turtle
farm that's a new dawn it's a new day
and oh my gosh there's actually people
by the pool again so I always say like
if I like something I always get like 10
10 versions of it in my every car like
t-shirt jumper or jeans well these are
these aqua t-shirts I always wear I
don't get them for any of the route like
because they're ok I get them because
they're just so comfy and it just feel
great it fit great but oh my gosh right
so Oakley glasses company they sell
t-shirts you like cool cool whatever but
check this out I just realized in the
bottom right of every one of these
t-shirts you lift it over there's a
microfiber cloth for cleaning your
Oakley glasses like that's what it
purposely made for to clean them so you
don't get fingerprints none of them's
gone so watch it example weird so this
is my old iPhone the one that broke I
just looked it this morning just to
turntable to turn it on and the rubber
seals from where the SIM card is seems
to have been forced in itself out so I'm
not too sure which one I might try and
pop out and see if I can get to the
number still not activated I tried plug
it in for power and just still not been
unfortunate this is not a bad breakfast
or you can eat
ha ha ha ha sushi for breakfast on an
island like this mmm
debatable however I have fixed my camera
on the front to be 1080p 60fps apologies
for yesterday's not be in my lab but I
have research a plan of action of today
is go to the beach have some vids and
hopefully fingers crossed see it Ronald
a man of the hour
has some parables available for rent if
he does we said run run run run run oh
they're closed
oh it's just going to be another day of
pure failure because I was going to come
here today and go and do paddle boarding
only $20 an hour holy shit
ok so come here and do that and speed to
run and hang out that on for a bit book
because need to be hit he's riding on a
punt a like a bite that it is your
ultimate dream right here hey Reagan
thank you so much holy shit I'm going to
end up smashing it's going to be
peaceful
this is called a mudslide
okay so this may be not so much so now
right now but it's like one of those
moments where you're kicking back into
through the middle of Noah showing out
and yet I'm filming with a phone in the
middle of the pool again I'm just like
wine and just like whoa insurance I got
insurance on this one so fingers fucking
truck if this one gets wet or broken or
pressurized he'll pay out for itself
I still don't risk it without with no
purpose all like that so stock up
drivers lady now it's room all the way
back and on Monday
everybody sings and there's going to be
a hurricane so
fucking motherfucking video do you feel
safe
absolutely not okay oh no wait Josie on
somehow I think you're safe don't feel
safe Ozzy fuck you dude look at me in
the in the in the true light you look
like you had a really bad fight really
good luck for this president he had a
five of the Trump league but if I want
that say it was kind of a dragon and
we're not from the fuck out where a paid
off man this guy right now it goes don't
worry about the other guys no dad
that is some good-looking amount of food
I got the chicken wings I got the cheers
of the sauce yeah yeah thank you for
coming right now this is like this is
like a real toy I just got chicken wings
I am surviving book let me show you
stuff
holy fucking I'm not one thing but I
always stick my phone gonna break my
phone no no no no no go look at the hook
of the front with the keys we're home
de-rating fucking sideways I walk two
thousand five seconds and I'm so what
through holy shit apparently through the
guys on that rather we can just beat hit
these girls gonna be the boss go say
hello I'm a fucking sudden awesome City
I cover the one for a living but the
same time a booking two people from
fucking what Agnes fucking exercises
boys yeah why she's your baby motivator
you realize that a few days ago when I
moved I thought a credit card and a
watch in a safe at Alaska there so I'm
hoping they still gets me into my own
room because no watch I'm a credit card
chuckles would be still in that room
it's not oh dear
fingers crossed
that people haven't used the safe and my
shit still in it otherwise that's not a
very good safe well I mean let's go down
to the front desk and try and sort that
one out bought it is the next day now I
ended up just doing a day of fucking
destruction yesterday which was just go
out get drunk because that's apparently
what everyone does on the island on a
Sunday it was a short vlog today
nonetheless of you guys enjoyed it if
you did make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe and I will catch you
guys tomorrow for the next daily vlog so
yeah sorry about this one being late it
just is what it is and my lip is so
busted up from a cold sore it's dying to
hurt
