totally not filming this intro right now
is oh my god maybe I'm going to need it
for later on
oh my God look there's people by the
pool I want to try and see a turtle or a
stingray today
otherwise it's been a failed mission and
they were not worried about the
occurrence of interpreter with some
pretty concise venom I'm almost at a
budge
no look of other soldiers yet Tennessee
is definitely not
okay I set myself a Concord record look
how big this one is
oh my there is an animal inside it and
this is hands-down the biggest magical
cargo never thought in my life okay
almost 99% cure it's not that there's a
British life in the restaurant where I
create the don't I spent a huge-ass
efficient it bit my finger so you know
being me I'm going to swim round and see
if I can swim with the bigger fish I
hope they don't bite me again this place
is so shallow but look how much room I
have this way
so literally just hung by my side like
this through it it's like a ninja course
because this coral down there for like
fire corals will add up they taught you
give you a like a Russian budget let's
continue mate it's the place now what
they do is they ring the bell and I
think that attracts the fish to come
here my graffiti pinup at nighttime but
I'm going to a bit close people to be
any if I can I'm going to shit myself
and then through this nope I'm fully
listen
found a microphone done and that's on
soon another cell phone and this is the
other part the karaoke guns amazing
target I need money
I'm very talkative the life trying to
cope anything up - very treasure agree
on saved on this like a big attraction
for piracy for the power they will shine
I can't make it on this one for I might
come back here on Monday I'm going to it
at the door
well I did say about going into the sea
with my phone in that watery bag and I
got obviously and looking at my phone it
is not turning on it doesn't like it
doesn't feel like I had any water in it
like when usually kind of live with you
could try and suck on the speaker's and
water come up but nothing came out so
I'm not too sure why it turned off it
may overheat it caught I think it broke
it
oh okay then so very arc that's what I
was looking for earlier on and look at
this charge of them given the server my
my phone hoping to like pop that power
in it to see if it like start the phone
up fingers crossed it does I am NOT to
Compton though so I think it may a
brother phone that's what I'm going to
do for vlogging I'm gonna have to use a
go I'm 99% sure that there's not little
faux I don't even hear there's a little
tiny boat going around the front of the
ship I'm pretty sure they're being sold
again the Kahala there
oh there they gonna get in trouble I
think they're components overheated in
exam and that's why I said enough that
sounds like my phone is broke oh hell
yes these chicken wings look good sweet
potato fries a little bit of ranch sauce
a bit of a bit of health why not I have
no way of getting in contact with anyone
unless I somehow find out there's an
Apple store in Cayman Islands and I
could just get any phone because my bank
card works I might leave the cash
machine and get twenty five ten million
dollar Caymanian Cayman and Cayman and
Cayman Bowl VI so I can hopefully catch
a boss back to Margaritaville because it
was like an hour-and-a-half swim or a 35
minute walk or a five minute bus ride
welcome to the Cayman Islands and oh my
gosh up on a pirate ship no authorized
personnel not allowed in there but can I
go and have a look no it's hip and goes
fast don't think they'll sit cell phones
but I keep promising but it's all closed
so not for today
put my iPhone in a waterproof
compartment yeah and then I got out my
phone wasn't working
oh look at it look so I'm trying to find
the place to get a new phone for the
next four days shit happens I guess yes
there is a Cayman
Mac store I don't actually know if it's
an official max go bot I'm assuming this
Li pona store closes at 6:30 so it's
really really not too fast for me to
like walk to my hotel my hotel first so
uh let's get going I just realized I've
got huge quiet on my album can you see
all like it's so swollen I don't even
know what's going on I can tell you
right now running you me shoes not the
most comfortable thing because they're
not exactly padded but they do the job
thanks Carol why did the chicken cross
the road to get any other food I can see
it came in my chops please be open
please be open yes
holy fucking shit yeah
Nani didn't forgot to fix this phone Oh
give me any one came in Maxtor absolute
legends for some reason my soul is just
like dead dead dead dead this day even
if there's no water and it was nothing
wrong with it it's just dead they think
it could have something to do with like
the humidity couldn't get it fixed
they don't what's wrong with it it is
completely just toasted and we don't
know why like it's got no moisture in it
it's not way Thank You MA
it just won't turn on so this is now a
new phone so how are you I just like a
one thing I think it's a real virus an
enzyme like Jackie just a living a
spider this is the time and we'll live
days be more expensive than my entire
empire today
I really wants to show me this world
flashing later never lonely when you
only wanted a world over the hotel where
you told me she never let you run down
for it but you trip over with me Red
Riding Hood
and if up since a boy over here you try
to mention me you let me know
so my phone was broken some so try not
don't get me thank you starve it up
please
Cyrus just fucking broke my phone the
GoPro might not be the best thing for
filming at night so I may switch back to
my iPhone you guys will find out when I
you know posted its logbook it is what
it is just wanna inconvenience like whoa
nice to shot break an iPhone look how
much better the GoPro is in low-light
like obviously it's crap camera facing
forward and I look like a pixel but this
is the exact same place oh it's told me
before and you can actually see me watch
with this bug spray shit would have been
so much helpful to say the day I got
here I can't even think about it repel
Zika virus fucking yes Matt yes maybe
thing is the Saturday night so it's like
no time well this bar is tickle-tickle
at midnight but it still win this shit
but the Cayman Islands is like a super
super light religious like I went to
town solving and so everywhere closes
rather it rather than like 1 o'clock 2
o'clock like it does every other night
elsewhere everyone goes to 12 on a
Saturday so for Sunday it's not people
being this proof and it's honest
religious day I think but unfortunately
as you can see my hotels wrong area not
cool a dia so I can't get any food so
I'm just going to go back to that place
where I got a kebab through the night
which was like very good and either get
a burger or a kebab and just go back
home edit the vlog and just cry that my
phone shenanigans
eat will small this burger shop Oh
burger because the island is completely
dead right now I am going to kick back
and watch as many large streams of the
Nintendo switch as possible because
everyone's back in the UK and Europe in
the world enjoying them but they don't
quite have Nintendo switches on the
Cayman Islands so oh my gosh this burger
if you're from America probably is as
good as a five guys so I'm going to give
it a taste right now and give it a
rating outside holy Sh I got a double
pie I think you're right you ready
everyone island says this is the best
burger place ever in a world so they
were wrong and that was some mediocre
bitch-ass burger it gets like a 3 out of
the only good thing about it was the
bread and the ketchup
not exactly a burger more of a sandwich
any right there's no one sits nice so
kicking back chillin out watching some
YouTube today is just in one of those
days which is such a random Kerrville
like curveball a curveball it just
didn't turn out the way I was expecting
to do supposed to the Stingray was
planning to do the helicopter but
unfortunately like last family took the
last helicopter tour of the day so then
my plan for Sunday's oh I'll go and do
both those things tomorrow but the
helicopter doesn't run on Sunday and the
stingray place is closed on Sunday as
well so I'm going to try and wing
whatever it is I can do for tomorrow's
vlog so we'll just have to wait and see
but it is what it is so I want to thank
you all for watching I'm sorry for
circumstances for today I hope the vlogs
from the previous days have made up for
like this this this shit shows the blog
but I'll catch guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next daily vlog so until then
make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe and let me know in the
comments down below what you thought of
a vlog e main all go pro because I did
sells me
be gonna do it for a day whilst I was
out there and I kind of nearly did so
let me know you're still down in the
comments below
acharya stood
