I can hear some Beauty guts what no good
morning good all right then bye wow
she's like I want to come in but I kind
of hate you but I don't but I do but I
don't how to have breakfast in style
Belgium waffle mmm perfect wait started
a bit Frank Sinatra Frank Sinatra cup of
tea that's good well god damn Dane
England apparently it's absolutely
snowing down in London we're okay here
the defenders ready to rock and roll
more importantly it's time to get low
get it some for tonight played and get
in this show on the road
the dream is just to have superfast
internet like be able to play video
games upload my videos to YouTube and
then still let my girlfriend sit on a
phone on snapchat all day so please make
it happen come out now what are you
doing
what you do need I didn't trap you on
air be mean he's taking these photos of
all the lines and the cables and we're
gonna have to come in through the
ceiling and drop a line all the way to
the corner of the house and the wires
gonna go down through the loft down into
the basement and then in the basement
he's gonna win it's gonna secure the new
Internet he said it can be done but it
can be majorly delayed with things like
that roadworks that they have to do like
they're gonna rip up my entire road to
get my internet installed not anyone
elses on the roads it doesn't oh great
everyone else's on the road they can't
get on the package they can't do any
that shit it's literally for me they're
gonna rip up like four roads just to get
this one Internet line to me I'm so
fucking excited for tonight over here
mate it's snowing bloody sideways oh my
god I reckon tonight this place is gonna
be a white wonderland victory I don't
even know when I said that 10 kills in
the bank and a number one victory oh
yeah
so I now look like I've got a little
plots or mustache shaved looking like
Te'o but you know what that's how it is
I tried to make it look as balanced as
possible cuz like look this one's like
this one grows longer than that one
they just don't join up see you I'm
actually thinking of shaving it off when
I get back I don't know that I'm not
happy with this but I think I might just
shave up again I'm feeling a baby-faced
look with long hair I've seen them
everywhere to say this stop you made any
more I just love them fuck mate you
gotta get them tires blacked out dude
not a fan brass key got a fan
you think I've caught that costs how
much money you fuel things like a tank
to drive another one
mate that one's got an entire roof rack
section and all sauce me that told you
defenders are assembling go out for
dinner this was a trap this with wedding
cakes this your truck this is a truck
this is a trap as a cupcake oh my
goodness me what guys first of all this
one's called Karen
yeah agile it's my mom's wallpaper it
cost 1100 a grand for a castle Purdy
1200 Star Wars cake over here you never
knew this place existed incredible happy
80th birthday
how much do these costs how much the new
cars handbags beer Frank
Adame I need to get a Steve one these
cakes oh my god my mouth is watering
like absolutely crazy look at this Oh
oh my god 1,450 pounds it's rolled of
chocolate oh my god Oh before your
Oliver wedding just to eat your cakes
arms
this place is goals a self I've said
what I want to buy yourself playing
piano for my house I
completely cautious if it wasn't enough
option that the cakes downstairs there
is an insane amount of option for the
food upstairs like oh my god even more
desserts up here as well
but what I'm thinking what I'm thinking
is a ham and cheese toastie whiz yep
because I'm a fat bastard with cheddar
cheese and bacon melt jacket for dare to
look at this jacket potato the amount of
saliva my mouth is producing right now
is unheard of I'm just fucking with you
uh-huh
reason 5,000 1728 as to why Tom's
getting fat strawberry kabobs Wow yep
healthy marshmallow on a steak I made
one side brown I knew this is that white
you know what since you filmed going to
do this
I realize how much there wasn't in it
all right really so much to watch and
then you can eat the chocolate cup mmm
well he's like wasn't exactly efficient
let me go why have you gotta be like
that with you she's really quite woman's
I know I know but everywhere what are
you making are you making I am so full
to the point where if I walk in faster
and I draw oh yes I'd love some acrylic
art for 40 pounds
thanks Liz Spencer thanks you got is it
fuck is it mm-hmm okay this place is
pretty incredible like look at this come
on come on this place is out of this
goddamn world everything here is so
freaking important looking back now
that's impressed if they make you all
here blue Wow I can say this right now
like that place is incredible it's been
around for absolutely years you've been
in for like 14 years it used to be a
port and it's just a massive family that
runs the Chocolate Company like yeah
you've got thorns you've got all these
other places like hotel chocolates to
put like a family-run business Chuck it
yeah yeah could you dad sure look at it
the building's had a massive the
restaurant upstairs it what's it called
again Slattery's so if you ever want to
go there where are we on very new road
mouse lane her edible sign yeah if
you're ever here in white area
surprising
what wifey yeah if you ever in
Whitefield I really like commemorate our
wit sorry sorry it's really good like
outstandingly good I know
I'll give at nine point five out of ten
would you my sandwich give me that half
on it give it a nice night
I don't want tom says oh wait I do begun
dad's just come down and give me a watch
oh so it's not it's not 9 o'clock at
night and he's got a 6/10 so he knows
like when we're back unless he just like
sits at the end of my road in a bush or
something and waits for us is that it
always comes into the moment
he always turns up the moment I just get
back we just oh yeah we just woken up or
I'm just about to start work or
something he always turns up at the
moment something's happening
so I said I quite see how this car does
not want to change gear but yeah it's
great to come and drop off that pocket
watch for me was clearly a little bit
bored so I'll see him later in the week
though he's dead legend uh-oh whoa hello
that you know look at you there's a
beautiful code chameleon oh I'm all
right apart from just for airing the bad
news about the chameleon dying oh these
these things are crazy it's a proper
mega the frog in it it's not gonna like
jump a minute look at the detail on it
like oh did he just wave at me despite I
don't know why you work here in the
first place but why have you got that I
don't know is it actually a birdie er
can you handle that
oh my you can have it for free why is
no-one buying it
oh my god oh my I don't even mind
spiders book will this get aggressive
like oh my God look at that oh look
who's I you see I really don't mind
spiders but that one's a freaking Jesus
what
this that's a but why have you got
birdie is do you sell them off to all me
what you doing is this gonna jump oh
yeah is this one friendly well that one
doesn't look too bad yeah what the hell
why is it shaking it bumped I'm sure
he'd kick oh yeah terrified not fun and
these ones quick ones like oh she's
quite quick do that do that does he have
a name you've had him since you've all
Putin did he's never saw the corner he's
a is a fat shell was turtle with us oh
here to talk about him
look at him go it's a pretty cool place
pretty retarded um this may look like
I'm just holding like a piece of rope
but I got a little baby snake look at
him go hello hey I'm trying to get to
focus oh what a beautiful animals oh my
lord
Wow this will grow this will grow to
five four clip in heck this size snake
can fit that any towels look at that
that's so strange
it's like a toy oh that's a
weird-looking
is it an albino yes is it right why is
it called Gordon got in the go a gopis
name
this worker evil it's actually not even
moving that much the pond right it just
feels like like a prank it looks like a
toy just another day didn't catch it
thank you and oh my gosh with issue she
got from a grandma are actually possibly
comfier still really trying to snow it's
not quite got there but it's still
trying but me streamed on my set
schedule 7:00 till 9:00 pretty happy
about that but tell you what this video
that if you didn't watch a live stream
is the biggest fail in for and I have
ever done in my life so far and oh boy
I'm still in disbelief I did it
seriously I mean absolute disbelief of
the the level and scale of the fail but
Lydia's telling me to go and look at the
cuteness so look tone quick the cuteness
all I did was walk in the room I thought
it was like four o'clock in the morning
something and me and Lydia laying head
and look I could last night and didn't
experts work up to this what kind of
white it is outside it's absolutely what
it's I don't want to do I'm supposed to
be mountain biking tonight I guess we're
going out in the cold so you may enjoy a
vlog tomorrow of me out mountain biking
in the snow probably falling probably
dying but that's just the way the cookie
crumbles but if you're watching this
vlog right now guys I'm hopefully gonna
be streaming from like 7:00 till 9:00 I
might be running a bit late because
we're riding and we'll be riding in the
bad weather so might get back a bit
later but unless still be streaming so
make sure you chew and twitch.tv process
and occur for the next the next
livestream I've gotta go so I hope you
enjoyed today's vlog if you ever go to
that Slattery's trust me it's heavenly
heavenly I would be a Hofstra 19.5
I probably wouldn't be better 10 I would
tell actually self make sure you go
there check it out
no I'm not sponsored to say that I'll
see you guys tomorrow for the next day
blog at 6 p.m. which
Rosario's
