it is windy is all book but why is there
a chicken what are you doing
you may explain yourself Sonia days
exactly what I wanted to wake up to
quiet and because I'm often screen I've
got a free bag but now though here's my
dad he would definitely buy the rodeo
flip shoes however I'm gonna say note
that and go for only oh definitely
necessary because I want to get what you
are over the rocks in stuff not wearing
flip-flops only a set of these and then
also not $30 which is cheap but I look
at this or going to see mask or goggles
but check this out it's got a GoPro
mount on the top of it oh my god it's
not exactly the best looking mask but I
think it's the most convenient mask to
me to get like if I was going to pick
one I'd probably go for something like
this like that like this getting a boots
as then got a version of that mask but
where it's all open stare like this so
this is exactly what I need then I'm
going to get like these boots because I
can strap my feet into the actual photos
I'm not buying this stuff to go do my
diving clothes because they give you all
the stuff father I'm just buying this so
I can just go mess around and have fun
for the next few days on my own and your
advice basically a t-shirt for swimming
in it I just like fall out there I just
said I wanted to buy a base layer
t-shirt to swim in and you will notice
that I forgot that you'll realize why
this is important later in the vlog I am
some creamed up zoom and the cloud
decided to come and say hello this
bigger thing is flying over that they
got a minute starting and now I'm gonna
do like a little holla but I've got to
go shopping all day long I did get
flip-flops but I love these things like
they're just like I do lookin kind of
like sandal or not so it's gonna get all
itchy
we'll use a perfect for like when you're
like walking on rocky stuff like that
and there's quite a lot of rocks like
when you walk along the 7 mile beach
soak up these bad boys could then it's
clippers slide onto your shoes so you
don't have to mess around taking like
your clips what's up and like that it
cause of in and voila they're ready to
go on
I don't know if there's a left or right
to these footballs um hopefully I don't
go round in circles
good morning sir I told javi but I told
you I'd be back
what is this thing Hey hi mama good to
see Bella this is your boat yeah
oh hell yeah perfect I've bumped into
run again obviously like if the city
light without honest like a trip oh okay
and then you just roll the business like
like a raft boat thing but basically I'm
gonna store all my gear at their shop
and so then I have to worry about my
soul I'm a wallet earning like I'll be
going out with a GoPro but then when I
come back later I'm gonna get like one
of them waterproof like cases so I can
take like my mobile phone and I got you
know walk through flags so I hit my
phone in it I'm a war and I so far then
I just don't have to worry about
anything how do you manage this I'm
raised to walk from the beach which is
there to here it looks fun that's
chewing gum wasted on my floor
raise five ah so this is the fish market
that come down first thing in the
morning you can see what if I'll call
and then well not to be too too big our
battleships in the background so we took
the car we're now going to go for a bit
of a dive so I'm gonna get rid of the
phone leave it in the car and have a
little bit of adventure oh look how good
this is
this is like of SPF view of where I am
alright so this is going to be a really
really really tricky thing for you guys
so because of it obviously I'm in the
waters it's all mumble to sound corrupt
and it just sounds dead jank is all help
so once I was out snorkelling we've run
who like our about and I'm in all
excited because probably one direction
like what are you trying to show me and
longer hope there's a mother trucking
detail just swim around minding its own
business so we did want to get too close
to it we don't want to freak it out but
obviously had the camera on my forehead
which is good if something's like
straight ahead of me but it was
difficult to film Osito get so close to
the actual surface because it is a
motley watch it was up there so almost
get some cool shots of it we do manage
to spook it too much it just like went
off into the reef and hid away but it
was absolutely incredible like I was
going to do snorkeling scuba diving
there so it's not going around the area
and just to say we were so close to the
shore and we saw like an absolutely
crazy amount of fish I saw a turtle on
my first ever ever scuba trip which
somebody was built on me like you've
been it like four or five days so I
haven't even seen a turtle out in the
reefs running laps so for me to go with
Ron and see the straightaway with
absolutely no bond I cannot thank him
enough why I bump into random people on
troubles like wherever I go around the
world but run is one of the most amazing
people I've ever made it was super cool
to drive us to the destinations we why'd
you go to I genuine this point thought I
was shocked I'm like is that a
shark to run because we've like big-ass
fish down there but there's one
particular bigger but I was like we need
to get them out of it anyways I don't
know it's just like a big ass it just
say what it was
there was a big-ass fish but Ron has
been absolutely amazing EEE at what he
went out this way just cuz you had some
free time to take me schools Northcliffe
for free and hang out was it almost like
treat him to dinner which he didn't let
me pay for Eva which I really want to
you like to return the favor but it
wouldn't even let me do that so I know
try and plan something kind of Google
say thank you for everything they've
done for me this trip but now I'm going
to pass it back to Tom to annoy your
faces so enjoy this is so awesome
just randomly in Chicago going sideways
next day in the Cayman Islands Iran is
absolute legend run away when a plane is
not cool driving
hopes no shock all right first snorkel
session was awesome how did it go good
yeah yeah we said we're sorry turtle
yeah a turtle on the boat came back yeah
all the kids go that's right incredible
absolutely incredible thank you so much
fun oh that was really really cool also
the Gobi still attached myself I don't
know how it got there but it's still on
my shoe
he says it's good look I'm just I don't
even know I am falling over the Cayman
Islands anymore I just saw two speeds
run past in front of it they were a bit
dragons do a rock wizard well I got a
huge which stopped for a quick sandwich
and a thing I should have really eaten
just like a like a like a traditional
restaurant or something but I went to
their version of a subway so hmm found
another one and oh my gosh what the hell
is going why he's just walking around
this is my living lunch
to explain to me what's happening right
now well dude one of them lizards over
there is gonna come over and eat the
chick there it is I got it I got it on
camera look at this sad nothing game
looks nice cycle such a little crocodile
made up to a little watchtower so you
can just see everything basically that's
like we were just eaten down there look
at it okay cross there like a little
work I just like really like Florida
that kind of vision over there but then
that fear that's the coast I'm staying
on looking nice and clean
okay mom just walk it through the mall
and boom only chichi and - that's my cab
another ticket not the ass version book
yeah
Oh real nice car I love it
nice wheels in it as well what are the
chances the problem is an Audi
dealership down that aisle that is one
fancy looking watch I looked at this one
like yeah that looks good this one was
like yeah wearing that shot - just have
a look around and I was looking at
watches like $30,000 start staring for
26,000 and I was like nope Ritz
Carlton's is where I kind of want to
stay when I come back here next time
check this and how's that like
restaurant got a boat dock down here
this is like the backside of hotel the
fun's over that which confronts me later
this is just inside the hotel they just
advertise things that everyone machine
this is where rich people come with look
at us just watching is and watches like
Arnold's all but then like look at this
is watching us our eyes focus see you
turn rubber boy
to be some money I was so busy near the
pool there's no one out here look at it
look your yoga going on down there we
could go and take a yoga lesson la la
this is nice all right this is a hella
nice hotel I come back here with a group
of people this is definitely where I'm
staying
check this out for a shock it's like oh
you've got the jet ski thing I mean the
floating things
oh hell yeah that's so cool
but uh check these out these are yellow
thing because we might come to these
yellow things all over there like
floating in the water so you can get
anywhere just wine like lima C okay
great I'm going to see it before these
friend his friend friend - Steve what do
you want skur
I'm sure I can touch it didn't come it I
like how we're walking through a
five-star hotel and listen to this noise
it's squelching that's the sound of my
feet filled it with water
I'm sorry with Colton found out the hard
way today that I've already got like red
shoulders so because I've been out
snarfer stuff so I decided to buy this
which ya literally said on it don't get
sunburned I am 99% sure that I left my
SD card reader back home but I was like
no I don't use a GoPro at all I can get
the footage off it but obviously the
GoPros we've got cable too so I'm gonna
look for my bag hopeful find the cable
if I don't whatever oh I was going to
show you guys my sunburn oh yeah that is
pretty bad oh why did I do this look at
it I'm a idiot man I'm an idiot
wait I'm gonna stop with my phone and
show you it's pretty damn burnt to be
honest
mm-hmm-hmm yes oh I brought it with me
so I'm just going to still leave that
anyways but just don't know I don't a
risk corrupting the files because it's
such a sick clip of the turtle on that
so I hope there was anyway because it
was difficult with that being all over
my head because like when I was like oh
I can see it sometimes the GoPro was out
of the water so it's good for like your
fun
so like tree diving going deep but if
I'm not going deep then it's kinda like
stream I might as well just use like a
go pro stick
it's end up the baggage ring and looks
like there's a band on though and they
stay for a little bit
I'm just about to walk to the beach and
realize that that's a swim-up bar oh if
my back wasn't sunburned I would be sat
there right now yeah
oh well Thursday's had their shoes on
all day my feet look like prune they
need some fresh air
some Sun before it goes down I just need
this one cloud to go I can't see PA of
five minutes before the Sun Goes them
I feel like they should be like a
countdown time or something okay ten
nine
and I just find work Scott that'd be
great because there it goes a company
much like filming the Sun fully going
down ah boom gone
good Cheers day one in the back come on
I am doing it wrong I should be
completely barbecuing up food right now
oh yeah now this is exactly what I run
right now some chicken wings
we're doing good this is Roxy and this
is running so you're basically just
saying hello to the end of that right
now because
No and it really this is the one who got
me there was an amorous and he was
working for us he driver summer it was
an orange and vodka again but
nonetheless I guess he requests are the
balancing and sit good luck music that's
awesome
those guys I'm at the bar tonight are
absolutely made I met in the first mouth
mm again tonight and they're all like
the he was Ames
well it's only 8 o'clock at night right
now if I didn't have to be up at 6:45
for a fishing trip I would totally be
going out with you and I'm like I've got
to get up with them or I'm not going
anywhere so we've agreed that tomorrow
we're gonna meet up okay we're gonna I'm
gonna take them bar hopping which they
get it these 64 years all these like I
haven't been bar bitch deserves 20 so
said I'll tell you what I'll think about
hopping and we'll see how things go so
I'm gonna walk down the beach now and
see how things go oh this is looking
kinda nice at night well today I found
out that you see like this is the hotel
but I love them and then this is our
double room but these are all villas so
this here like this bang bang bang bang
oh that is one house and so is that
absolutely but then is like four houses
in a row but they all back out onto the
beach which is super crazy and we met
one of the people who owned with them
tonight so just tell them how like
 awesome a so like live here four
months of the year and they might go
back to America and then come out here
and have like the perfect beach
experience so I'm thinking the Cayman
Islands is like life's goals right now
myself I'm just walking along the beach
in the pitch black and hoping good again
I don't know 8:47 at night I find myself
walking through the pitch blackness
which is the Cayman Islands oh wait this
is flippy oh thank god I've got my rock
shoes on what do you know CeCe wait a
minute what there's no more
rocks I just come in what on earth what
I do I shall adventure that's what time
to do some rock climbing boys my
adventure Jenny didn't leave me too far
I'm now in a parking lot other stuff I
think like condos or something because I
follow the with us all the beach the
inside way along and then it was a brick
wall so I tried to go around a brick
wall and it let's let me see the main
road so it is what it is I think I'm
about to retire for the night unless I
can find where the sound of this music
is coming from I actually love this
hotel
Babita vocals 15 slices dead everyday to
get to my room door negotiable so this
is going to rough up my like second day
in the cave mouths it's technically like
my first property that sunburn makes it
like up in here for a week but it is
what it is I now I have to struggle with
the footage because you're watching the
final product if you made it just fine
in video you made it's a final product
but I basically left to get my GoPro
footage from the computer into this
phone which I don't know how because I
can't take this this footage from the
phone to the computer and it's stressful
and I was going to commentate over the
clips and if I did I did what I did so
if you're watching it and this is live
thank you for watching make sure you
leave like grain subscribe if you want
to share this adventure your friends and
make sure you click that share button
down below I really appreciate it
I'll catch you guys the next day is live
at 6 p.m. UK time so until then thanks
for scaring much love and how do mothers
