Thank You Josie girl yo fling so can I
get all Nick if you got them video yo
come on gonna use your gaming setup
today Oh Canadians surely yo
scums are we gonna hang out today
 oh this is a one way to start my
day working shame pedicures yep this is
what I do want to what okay this seems
like a really good breakfast idea color
of nadeshot new g-wagon yeah that's
crazy I'm just playing with your
nadeshot maybe you see this I just want
to say I think your actual g-wagen looks
really nice now so the when you're gonna
change it I'm looking forward to seeing
how that's going to turn out well but if
you do go orange as hell I won't treat
you so we just walk about some funds
then and they like locum in I like right
you know cuz I'm not I don't just stop
there like wait until someone light
actually says didn't know if in your not
if I think someone like knows who from
YouTube I'm like what's up if you know
light on in case they you know it's like
an engagement for them say like hi
something but as we were walking wrong
you just kept talking and I heard he was
like pretty sure that Tom Syndicate so
we have my back I put my thumb up like
that right on my back and it was like it
is time signatures and then I was like
like I'm around and taking a photo I
heard him go like this and watched uh-oh
get emotional suspicions on flying back
to England tomorrow I decided to do it
in style and I picked up a 2d s oh yeah
shoot yes and yes AI pokemon cards
inside so you know what that mean
whoa what is going on here what is going
on here officer what are you doing uh
that's what I get some McDonald okay
okay you have a fun driver right I
rolled up to the house I'm like oh
that's hitches car driving away right
now who the is stealing hitches car
so though it's just frosty he's just
taking it for a drive to go get some
noodles I was like are you allowed to
try this he's like yeah so that is like
like my like I just randomly stopped
recording like just before I put it in
the vlog in that hitch is like back that
back but nonetheless I'm back home
everyone's gone still I fly home
tomorrow I'm looking forward to going
back yes side know whoever the hell set
this 260 fig is an idiot I've changed it
to 75 hiccups it's time to show you is
what I've got from Gamestop are you
ready are you steady okay maybe maybe
this isn't from Gamestop right okay so
I've already taken out in charge in
supplies but ladies and gentlemen
introducing probably one of the weirdest
looking console console handheld devices
ever I call it the Nintendo wedge but
when your door needs stopping you stick
it under it have seen here oh no no no
no I decided to get the Nintendo 2ds
because no joke this thing was like $75
and it came with a legal it was
important this closes it can we marry
okay seven installed on it so for $75
you and like I don't know maybe six or
the people could buy one of these set on
a plane and play the entire time on a
plane so on its own straight world like
that's worth its waiting go - yeah well
it came with a charger I then picked up
this bad by Mario Pie star which I'm not
too sure what to expect of this again I
got the to do so I really don't care for
3d it would be nice before it's printing
I do like that to be able to angle it I
think the screens a little bit bigger on
the you know just 3dsxl but I said screw
it I'm getting this and it looks like
there's some fun game modes on here I
can play feels like a good idea game
back into like Nintendo gear like games
and stuff like that
getting ready for the Nintendo switch
I'm speaking of game right
for the Nintendo switch I'm going to
switch things up oh you like that
transition and obese in Pokemon yes I
was pretty much naked throughout then
last clips because I got in got
straightened bed fell asleep woke up and
was like all right it's time so let's
put this on sleep mode efficient okay
all right now we have opened Pokemon
packs before and if you like you
you're nerd to open in Pokemon
guys listen if you've got hate towards
Pokemon you're you're dead to me in an
undying way put pokemon cards out of
jobs this is like the true being a kid
getting so hyped up trying to get like
actually trying to get like a Blastoise
a dinosaur or a goddamn Charizard I
never ever in my life pull the Charizard
I think three of my friends did but me
never quite so much look at this we've
got we've got Venus I feel like doing
like a true box that take a cable
company to in pokemon evolution
evolution say X Y Evolution X Y
put your paralyzers using the back
camera so how did it do it it's like a
proper way to actually unwrap them or
something like had it how do you have to
do this one say I'm trying to be like a
professional I told you guys I want to
be unboxing channel so it's got to be a
a professional pokemon card and box and
rapper actually go go like this okay so
see what quickly look at it I think
you're supposed to do something like
move the card from the back there you go
if you guys play pokemon online day yo
strip away we got a damn weed or look at
this bad boy looking sickest chips not
exactly impressed by that okay I am out
down here looking nice and go up we got
a we got a Weedle not to dress we got a
tan tan tan yahwah yeah looking looking
so sick as chips as well we got a we got
I call this a fire crotch also known as
a pun pop and fun pointer pointer point
ping pong here by this point you've
probably gathered that pronounced in
Pokemon names is not my you know between
forte but we're just going to keep going
but we got dojo dan nice
we got a starter you we got it all we
got a shiny energy a whoa there's a
shiny already a shiny neat little King
that looks pretty damn good
not really only my shiny a shiny
Nidoking what a piece of crap
all the way so there
so you do it so if the shiny was fall in
or push wrong one two three four five
five in I think we have to take the
fifth one and move it to the back so
I'll show you how to do in the back
network so there's our shiny
tamanna very nice a trainer now I never
cared about this a trainer a trainer and
lecture because he's swole as another
trap right so as I was saying about this
right to get the shiny on the back card
to pull do something like for always
this because that's not oh that's like
that's like tone things if anyone's
playing the game online there's a code
turn off you know giving you guys give
you guys free swag and hooking you up
now let's say the camera run along the
lines of this because this card was for
but I go one two three and then put me
behind then switch it okay so we have a
trainer a trainer at Bronx grin it what
the hell should put six of any
combination Pokemon get out of here
we've got them a chart all check need
evolution boys we are wait wait wait a
minute
admit you won between evolution we got a
growler okay then we'll get another fire
crotch over there any fire pokemon that
scowl or smile about not is that wait
what what the heck Pikachu hell happened
- Pikachu it has small electric sacs on
both its cheeks if threatened it looses
it looses a let it loses electric
charges from the facts ticket you just
got really sexual real quick can you
we got fast Pikachu we've got an energy
we've got a shot Amanda we got that you
know we got we we only need a what's it
called we only need this instead of this
so this would be a really good trade
alright so a Charmander we got what a
shiny in my shop are wait I felt it
wasn't much wrong electro dude no one
cares about him and they're shining the
Trop water pouring our cards are shiny
that's probably the most disappointing
unboxing I have ever done over pokemon
card section ever but you know what it
is what it is and if you get this room
size job I need to get all these packs
away and we need to get on the road to
England because I'm going home I'm going
visit my family I can't wait to see
Steve because he's my homie
all right ladies and over I have to wrap
up today as long as a half and go so
thank you very much for watching make
sure you like rate and subscribe and
I'll catch you guys tomorrow at 6 gems a
NetGalley blog I am flying to England so
I'm not too sure the time difference is
going to mess up you know I would have
logged in so far I can't see they're in
a problem book we're going to be flying
to England you guys love the plane vlog
so let's see how this goes
I've been there I've enjoyed my time in
the optic house but it's time to leave
