uh uh alright noise Chris dad sorry you
can't what the builders are still
working on what like no the house isn't
finished yet like they're still doing
the draft but like they're working on a
Sunday mate that's the hard work it's
building team I've ever seen my wife in
with you where I'm not Fitness grind out
way yeah yeah yeah
McDonald's looks absolutely greasy and
messy as hell and I'm all about change
well I really thought was gonna take his
time with us nope but let me just tell
you how the marriage is gonna go down so
basically what Jenny wants me to do not
what I want to do or anything like I'm
giving it away so someone else can do as
well cause it's such a good idea right
so what I wanted to do is to be some
sort of like foreign country where
they're wearing that weird jams and then
I get down on one knee
oh no sorry I give my phone to someone
like hey can you take a phone for me I
get down on one knee and then Lydia is
like oh my god this is amazing
but then it turns out when the person
takes off their job it's Jenny
Wow guards you got a wedding surprise
this some is a lie mate it the sun's
like God oh shit
this one's gorgeous but you know what is
it whether it's reason you look like
good lazy lately killer ever are you
okay life tough
he's life tough being a little kitty cat
in this house okay I think the winds I
think they've learned to be lazy relax
at your house you know cuz like when did
it when does she ever sit why last guy
thinks he's going on a little holiday
don't you okay mate but tend to get off
and go do make a wish I usually take
like a bag of syndicates wide down to
the people that I meet but unfortunately
awesome I'm busy so I can't get into the
office to get some swag for him
however Jesus just sent me this backpack
and you know what I think it might be a
pretty awesome gift cuz it's like a
one-of-a-kind syndicate backpack so you
know what brand new I think I'm gonna
give it to him instead
oh yeah there's look at that poo oh my
god it's all in the handled everything
gorgeous your cat
has been annihilated absolutely shat on
right he is running but like I always
like giving something away
thank you going in here a whole 30
minute car journey or 30 minute car
Jenny boys huggers in the chat you can
sing to this one there's a hole maybe
three words in the song if that seems a
bit suspicious three cop cars interested
interest in someone's nicked uploaded
coffee and the attack squadron came out
oh the boys are on the roll the boys are
on the roll we're going and so are we
that's a really good Manchester be logo
with scissors in it it's a very good
logo I actually never know it's there no
it's like I think it things so I never
know is that the Manchester had a B as
like a logo I never knew that it was
apparently everywhere on bins and stuff
I only heard about it after like about
the bombings and you know everyone
started getting tattoos if it's too far
but like look here it's on everything
and I just had no idea because I'm like
allergic to bees see bees everywhere
getting all up in my grill and shit yeah
oh my god honey I'm gonna say that good
ah fuck in Hong Kong we're looking for
an escape room which should just be I
think it's just here I've never done an
escape room before so this is probably
gonna go terribly have you don't God
Godspeed and good luck 60 minutes to
escape teams of two five I rat hello
how we doing need the Americans how are
you doing oh shit hey she's already
drunk she's like that insidious this
camera alright so let's go into this
let's find out your story okay so this
is a breakout room hey it sounds how you
do it so we couldn't film inside the
like the breakout room because obviously
we can't spoil anything for anyone else
bought dude what do you think of that
did we manage to break out no hell god
damn know that I didn't realize but it's
girlfriend decided Oh sister I nearly
broke Wow
nearly Wow nearly broke out
your girlfriend decided to pick the most
difficult one because well I could
challenge it so far
may 17 Scot a seventeen percent pass
rate seventeen percent we need you need
to come back to England and we're gonna
do one with a ninety percent pass rate
and then we'll be okay
I expect us to fail no no offense to you
guys but I expected to fail I couldn't
film in the room I really wanted to but
the whole point of it we had to get the
puzzle completed and if we get the
puzzle completed Zach that was in the
story weren't captures in his room he
had to break out of it but we knew we
were gonna get caught I turn around he's
lay on the bed dead sexy Zach I'm ready
for you so so I totally didn't spoon him
or anything like that so things got kind
of sexual in there but I had a good
where I I'm still saying this like I
really really appreciate that you have
the decision to be able to do anything
and you chose to spend some time with me
soon yeah it is very much an honor and
we're very much about to get run over
now so please so we've come to thank
Allah for a bloody lovely dinner hey I'm
gonna go for some Parma ham and then I'm
thinking a pizza no I'm not a pasta mood
today we get a pizza
we got Parma ham we got french fries
really you so American so America sign
they said chips first I said you can
have whatever you want you got you have
your chip oh look at that bad boy
15 plate defender very nice and this may
look random I'm just run away from the
restaurant he's put some more money on
the meter before we get 60 quid fine
alright so you know time to go back to
the restaurant so they're not just up
there without me I've got in the bag I
told them about it in Stoke to get it so
he'll have a new backpack to put his
laptop and things in to take back to
America with him yeah what a day so nice
getting to know him and to me it's just
crazy like he's telling me how odd he's
done all these chemo and all that and
was doing the chemo the spinal tucked
his back of his spine but it's happened
his spine and by doing that he put fluid
on his brain so they had to operate on
his brain by slicing open his head to
remove the liquid so he'd survive
mate you don't understand how how lucky
some of us have been in life it's
supposed to just live life not have to
deal with that shit nothing but mad
respect for him there you go
that's now for you you very much okay
yes thanks my customized razor backpack
thank you one-of-a-kind one-of-a-kind
backpack now belongs to you okay thank
you very much hopefully it's everything
but like I'll look up all these photos
of all the celebrities that I've been in
a absolutely bonkers and we were so
lucky to get a table in there tonight we
just rolled open now it's absolutely
full to the brim look at it look at all
the people who've been in it but Russell
Crowe's bidding name what I wish I was
on the wall looking like a potato what
are you gonna write dinner out at 10:00
tonight okay I give it I get a seven it
was way too much chili on my dish but
you know what still had it nice nice
nice backpack six-year goodbye
that was a really awesome day the escape
route we were so bad at this damn room
like I actually walked in from the clip
and the guy was like can you please
delete that I was like yeah but I was
like ya don't want to spoil anything I
don't think it would've do what I
literally walked
yeah you know I walked in the room and I
was like wow this looks weird I didn't
even film anything it was my face he was
like he's okay I respect it but yeah it
was really difficult I would go back and
do another one now now that I know what
sort of things you need to look for and
just so you can complete yeah it was so
truly hard like it really was it the the
math question are jaguar f-type done
that gorgeous hey Josh if you're
watching this man your family and you
are awesome it was very nice to hang out
with you for the day I will see
you in Florida so when me and Lydia come
to Florida we'll be able to kick it with
you we'll hang out and we'll go chase
Gators on hover boats or whatever the
car so thank you sir
much stuff to you in your family oh you
wouldn't be the first one to go running
to take sorry you would be the first one
to go to get that's a lot of poo in one
day man what the fuck my cats are just
pooping machines mate I've already fed
you the food there okay this cat still
here is the lazy's kind of are you
serious
are you okay baby hey you're okay you've
been here all day
Oh Dee it's okay I can't believe that
you've been in since I've left shout it
in your face said what what what an
amazing day spending all the time with
Josh in his family was like truly in
Colonel Josh as you guys liked I was
American and fought all the way from
Florida over to Manchester for like four
days one of them days of which to meet
me in dude an escape room and then he's
going down to London and like it blows
my mind and it truly is like an honour
for someone to be able to make any wish
any decision of what they want to do in
a day to spend the time with me like all
we did is like go to an escape room and
then go for a meal but you know what it
was just amazing to hear Josh's story
he's a true champion he's a fighter he's
got through it and won't anything like
his family and his girlfriend have been
by his side the entire way you know like
some people when it gets a bit tough in
relationships they can't handle it
enough to walk away but she's been by
his side since the very start since it
all went down so a lot of respect to you
so Monday so I'm gonna get motivated and
start this week right but to get myself
a victory on fortnight start a new video
get the vlog edited and hopefully get it
uploaded on time so if I can manage to
do that guys make sure you leave a like
rain subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
void and I'm gonna try and stick to its
to a stream schedule for about the next
three days I'm gonna stream every single
day between 7 p.m. and 9 p.m.
also if you guys have been in the stream
before twitch.tv floor so syndicate
links down description go and check it
out more importantly don't forget to go
and check out the brand new for that
video I posted on the gaming junk show
that's a move
and yeah I'll see you guys in livestream
today I'll see you guys tomorrow six
games the next day would much look mr.
Ellis
