good morning world it's a new dawn it's
a new day and we're all going out for
food however I've not managed to brush
my teeth or put any deodorant on because
someone's in there taking a big shit
it's also a bit of an issue right now um
hexxus cows in the way and I've been
designated to move it do we trust me at
all to do this it can't be that hard
right I've only got to move like
$100,000 yeah whatever sure fucking up
that was actually pretty easy I somehow
didn't crash it I didn't crash Sinemet
don't know how I managed to drive this
but by but we're getting the h1z1 G
check this out we've got plane falls in
h1z1 let's go very rock and roll wait
where are we going through the jet did
it get grass through the gas to the gas
the gas is coming oh sure you truly are
a man of style on there a man of style
oh yeah there's a wore the same outfit
you know well I'm wearing the same
outfit two days in a row apart from the
shoes book you're even wearing the
slippers to go I'll Drive it in oh
that's all I wear is for like too much
straight two months straight it's pretty
much mine that's the best $15 you have
in your life right oh yeah since the
house and knees and my MacBook were the
best and that's great it's licensed play
ever young more nation
he's dying you also yeah I got a cold Oh
mom oh I'm gonna get him some medicine
from Target oh I clearly didn't get the
memo about the shoes yeah Jackie knows
LM here wait Nick didn't you get those
shoes from Target yeah I'm gonna get it
bad I'm gonna get one I definitely need
to fit in there's a few different styles
you're PJ you better know you're getting
some as well you better know the closest
we're going to get to them is zippers
well they're their proper slippers but
these these look like these what kind of
what you're rocking I don't know man I
want them I want the bright colored ones
it's either them or nothing
QZ Mike's okay is this saying me any
good or is this gonna be bad as it yeah
all right sweet is anyone coming in or
y'all going to follow
how's it oh yeah show this yeah it's
really that good Nick yeah really that
good
yes well snug I went into Jersey Mike's
in we're in Algonquin yeah that guy just
hooked me up with it he was there was
the two guys in the corner over there
they're like fans and came over and said
hello and they work here and then as I
was leaving they hooked me up with some
free uh free sandwiches tokens how close
up yeah not bad a master Charles where
are where are we right now agreed so
where are we what area Hoffman Estates
half of the state's Jersey Mike thank
you very much don't know if I showed
what you would like before but do you
look fresh as hell
wicked Wanda's over there I don't want
to look at my hair till the end but I'm
trust what's your name ferrous ferric
ferrous ferric ferrous like Paris France
that's a fresh name that's fresh name
but like he's worked wonders with
everyone else's hair so I'm like I got a
pretty shitty bid and a pretty shitty
mustache just fucking go the hair is
looking fresh and trimmed it's not all
spiked top simply we could look at this
look at these lines yeah yeah
yeah Oh money feels so it feels so good
stuff like a clean shaved mustache oh my
god Papa hat I don't have no pipe hat
you stay the fuck away yeah like in it
Seth in the before you ready the before
oh oh oh this is an important thing to
me I'm streaming right now and I just
asked whether or not people prefer me
doing a full video of h1z1 because like
as you guys see me playing this game I
love it I could post full videos of me
playing like a game but I think that's
boring I don't want people in the
comments to us would you rather see a
full gameplay of this on my main channel
or would you rather see highlights so
we're doing a bit of a vote here to find
out and so far highlights his winning
but I think overall it will stick to
highlights now there's a good a lot of
people though who do want to watch a
full video all of you this week us will
subscribe the same time lifted so Q bus
really that's your name
by the way I just wanted to quickly
build and say hello to all the
subscribers in the twitch chat saying
hey what up what up so there you go you
could all say hi to the vlog he what
this this this what happens in a gaming
house we're no internet we're forced to
look at each other we're forced to look
each other in the eyes no I'm not doing
it we have to be sociable like do we
have to have real lives now is this what
this is is this where everyone like
rages at Comcast this why normalize
comcast comcast we don't like you rule
the optic houses when you're hungry make
sure you've got scraps in the fridge
because oh my god I am absolutely
shaking lis hungry and this sandwich
mazing hey guys it was nice hanging with
you for like 15 minutes Boston it was
down but I'm gonna go and yeah I'm gonna
yeah back back to the inn and I'll see
you guys I'll see you guys tomorrow or
something yeah yeah nice one I've been
playing h1z1 all day all day no joke
like since one o'clock till now nearly
one
o'clock in the morning I've been playing
at all friggin day in total of my games
I probably got about 15-20 kills this
guy in one game alone that I've only
just tuned in to watch as nearly got 10
kills not too sure well just have a
demain a net bot
this is unreal if you guys have never
heard of him I'm gonna put this guy's
link in the description of my blog is
called ninja go and give him a follow
he is absolutely on reel I've been
watching him for hours
134 in the mark yet morning it seems
like a good time to start what I'm just
breaking everything right now
12:38 in the morning I finally got my
video rendering it seems like a good day
to call it quits I'm gonna go and try
and see what foods in this house of the
optic cows I absolutely love it and I
was like okay I'm gonna I'm gonna eat
some cereal listen this is the only
thing I bought from the store to survive
because I've had no dinner today so
that's all I'm gonna eat so it's like
right I know they've got paper plates
and stuff and stuff in here and I was
like no that's bounty no no no but they
do have a place and I thought right pay
place are not useful I need a goddamn
ball I'm screwed these are all knives
close it up I was like alright maybe
they do actually have like this one
maybe they have spoons no spoons unless
I'm going to use this which isn't going
to really pick up any milk so somehow
find one Bowl in here so I've washed it
out just one ball search everywhere else
I find one ball on its own okay
now this is my ball so you my blights we
okay now what's the problem I don't have
a spoon out you thought the wooden spoon
was an interesting choice to eat the
cereal with well this is even better
this is an ice cream scoop that I'm
actually going to use as a spoon I've
washed it that was a job as this was
proved anything ladies and gentlemen
where there's a will there's a way
fuckin warning you right now your if
you're coming down here from three
floors up to take a shit in that
bathroom I'm gonna fuckin shit on you in
your sleep I have my own bathroom yeah
my room yeah you're gonna fucking use it
I came down to get PJ so we go
I didn't I know what you shit you shit
down here on purpose yeah you do fucking
get out of here
no dude you keep crop this yeah get off
our floor you don't want it down here
yeah that's what I thought I'm gonna you
know what I'm gonna check this toilet
just in case you've done it where is it
you've not even flushed you're
disgusting you're fucking dead to me boy
highlights numero 2 has finished and I'm
now rendering out my third episode right
now I can't believe it man getting
productive I'm enjoying video games I
can't wait to post them like if I could
just find the time to do cool shit
vlogging and and video games at the same
time there's a very happy medium here
ladies and gentlemen a very happy medium
I'm numb 11:53
oh my gosh I've walked but a reasonable
time ah this is way too bright but
before I could upload this vlog I need
to show you something like I'm really
really happy about you guys have seen me
making all these h1z1 videos and I've
finally been working with someone to
make new thumbnails and this person is
coming through in style look how good
this is because you know in my videos
that you'll see I talked about a triple
threat of using three pistols and I said
oh what a pistol coming out my crotch
that is amazing Galactica Raptor dude I
am so impressed and I need to saw some
text in it upload it and possibly
possibly possibly today I will be
uploading my first video of 2017 to my
channel I hope you guys like it it's
just funny highlights from h1z1 like I
want to keep posting it and I'm going to
continue to do so and hopefully with
these thumbnails they stand out and
people know it's my video and stuff in
the sub box so there you go right anyway
and I just want to show you guys that
before I uploaded this vlog and
therefore this vlog is late just because
I wanted to show you a pistol coming out
of my crotch in a thumbnail alright so
thanks watching much love live like
right and subscribe if I don't look the
video will be in the description when I
finally get it out and
