cystic came out today that England is
been currently hotter than the Bahamas
who the wrote that article Marling vain
hope you do not respond if I start my
channel I'm right my fortune has been
all over the place the past few days it
will get back on track soon I'm sorry
about it it's just a bit so mumble
jumble with everything that's going on
that it will all come together nicely
and shortly so we're going out for lunch
with my dad and Gayle so let's do it and
then later today like I said you guys
are going to see Gordon Magnum I got
that ah
we're going to eat at lucky I'm not
gonna project happiness are pronounced
at nom you bring me the food and it's
rabbit - yeah seriously guys so okay I'm
fine now healthy eating
listen the only good thing about this
place is that poster over that not too
sure who it is a one is beautiful I was
definitely not expecting that when I
ordered grill Oxford so like nothing
food then so I'm not quite not quite
rather just want it is it more yeah oh
god this looks interesting
thank you very much just want to say
that this place that's it amazing
amazing restaurant like the servitor was
incredible food was runnable probably
the best service I've ever had at a
restaurant in my life hey out 10 out
down service hey our tempered you better
know I'm here to get steed some food oh
snap slow there's some weird-ass look in
the old man what are they are you quid
I'd buy that just it's so long but it's
an animal
so you don't buy animals too old well
this is a moody eyed crocodile skin it
looks like a dragon like I've never seen
anything like for a touchback
oh so strange
wait ah you guys mean this guy just does
not care look at him giving a chill some
of them are running about whoa whoa
someone thought were you doing it was
sure now or relax in this guy's it came
first of all this is why I love coming
to swell look if I found it this
guy's an absolute beast where you going
but is this way I'm going to just like
be bent over like this in him before he
it falls off don't fall what I didn't
just watch always checking now this guy
is absolutely my crazy
yes no well what what is going over you
guys okay this is what is it called
it's a pygmy chameleon this is a pig
makes me look at the size of this thing
it's why is it vibrating I think it's
making little noises I think when you
make them yes and you kind of like anger
them all over make a little group yeah
we can't hear it yes it's literally
grown in like a little pig yes on my
finger because small is this is the
strip this will gets the best reptile
these are incredible I've seen our
shelter too thick I don't know what that
is I'll show you the closet because yes
this is all be weird this is how a
nutshell shoku snake legless lizard it's
not a snake into this Nick it's a lizard
with no legs
what me poor guy unfortunately I can't
see this one but you take a quick call
how do how do we say this look at that
tail and usually I'm not right but
anyway and this time I just chilling
Alma looking orange frog normal-looking
green frog I'm like where the hell is a
frog in here boom
don't be looking mother trucker what is
going on kitty
and Ghostman is like what is in there
and if you look at this thing it's so
tiny
what that is so cool
typically you can see like its head just
my new or than I expecting this happen
but my dad nice have went out a dog Wow
is he good at name ready okay I'm
shocked it don't know oh yeah can wow at
beating well fast can we call it Barbara
Barr bird the Dove I'm pretty original
when it comes to name you know Steve of
course only my dad will be stood there
we're going to syndicate original shirt
and a top hat bye dad see in a week
Ravana ha Wesley be presentation on
point my first H got gunda this is this
is my first meal since wes is the head
chef what do you think looking good yeah
well option pudding genius the smell
incredible
so they were good would be so well hey
you've got don't forget once you've
finished it you've got to give it a
rating out of 10 okay
studying this right now this dish and
I'm not you guys know I've given
Wednesday seven before any a TV quiz but
this chicken oh my god is a ten if you
are in the area make sure you come to
the grape seed restaurant and order this
so good
would you come back to wedgies
restaurant again yes out of ten a a what
what did you like what was the best bit
should be and what was the worst bit can
we think you ticket properly birthday
you'll see it happy birthday to you
happy birthday
good dog happy birthday to you and of
course the rest tonight at a bottle of
champagne with Tom and everyone like
that
oh wait they didn't because no one was
drinking and celebrating concert they
devastated I was hoping that we could
all get together get out book chris has
got a baby
Connor is the mom Chris as a dad you
know it was shame but nonetheless it was
good to see Tom it is birthday today the
dam will even what it is what it is he
understands I rang him a lot some
voicemails we wish him a very obviously
Merry Christmas for happy birthday
bought right now under the airport
Waggaman
I no need to go because about the catch
my flight and eat the truce so make sure
you stay tuned for tomorrow's vlog
because check this o new syndicate
original design about an hour before
month life that will definitely be
blogging again so until tomorrow thank
you for watching we'd like very obscure
um
how does
