what yeah timing I just buy all this I
think you've been wearing this fall and
give me you eight years ago really yeah
Alice would come up with something oh
yeah so just throwing you the blog don't
worry about it is this your graffiti in
as well beautiful is the syndicate
signature it is a hella nice day in
Chicago right now crispy is elbow mom me
and Hector Rodriguez are going in his
tank to go and get some breakfast so
let's start this day Jim tell the car
hacks
what is this time what sports a body
balloon that's it I'm not look what I
think you should do should grab it blow
it up and make like a animal yeah I
don't leave that Sun only lets you
calculate Joe Chicago oh my now they a
sweet potato fries accent what do you
say he's on them cinnamon yeah there's a
crossover icon sprout sugar and send us
understand at the point of that it what
weight of the cinnamon sorrows yeah what
I add like sugar - yeah right I don't
understand that either that that makes
no sense that slike a desert now I'm
gonna but look at this
taystee barely doing this again right
you can spin it this time I've run this
again this is this is not there alright
daddy hmm okay well my package isn't
here yet and there's once outside the
opposite house staring oh so so if
someone's ordered an uber or a thumbs
turned up by the way don't turn up the
optic house pretty very sure you guys
know this it's like don't turn up at my
house dome to put the optic house don't
ever turn up a youtubers house glad we
established that you guys are awesome
for not doing it thank you right now I'm
looking for a package this my own little
microphone thing me too belt off a
really nice microphone working my laptop
isn't here so I need to find it hey
what's up guys pretty sexual that's some
bad Harry Potter's in it yes look at
this this is the microphone that I
actually use back at home and heck's
just happen to have one of these draw
3-3 yes brother I like this as we talked
about it can we drinks as well as you
talk about what sex baby you can talk
about you and me
doesn't the words wait so you mean it to
the mailbox but no one brought it in
arguing for who together cards fuck's
sake alright Cheers em both it might be
here bitches baby go ahead and wear
these size 95 shoes here look at these
look at that like dad is like dad
slippers in a rock you're kidding me
there's no way my package is in that
little tiny mailbox really there it is
god dammit I love you money big yeah
yeah got it
oh never been so excited about looking
at something look at the code of this
thing that is beautiful but I got solo
version so I might actually let's carry
this around in my bag probably like this
bag is just like my laptop in small
traveling so I should have brought my
other one so I could carry this
everywhere with me
and then that microphone and if I just
take them around the world I can
literally travel and play games wherever
the hell I want which is what I really
want to do we will continue this later
I'm just connect to everything and we're
resetting up the cell to make it look
nice and sweet but for now we've got to
do the podcast boom podcast complete um
it actually turned out really good it
sparked an hour-long podcast but it was
actually
really really cool to do it I've been on
the optic podcast once before and we
were like Tom Marr sure in town let's do
it again we got all new microphones set
up and all sweet and stuff for that so
today's a successful day when it comes
to audio equipment but if you guys want
to check out the podcast I'm gonna put a
link down in the description I really do
recommend you check out we talk about a
lot like the drama controversy that kind
of like went like Gowan july of last
year the whole csgo stuff and you know
it's not something to talk about a lot
but in it was cool to have a platform to
actually discuss the matter and i think
it like open a lot of people's eyes just
to like a lot of the stuff that went
down so if you're interested in checking
it out links down in the description I
hope you enjoy it also be warned we talk
about pooping a lot throughout wait so
yeah again be warned I let's make this
happen gonna clear everything off this
desk again and we're going to reset up
this time I'm going to put my laptop to
the right rather than the left so I can
read the chat easier we're gonna get rid
of this microphone and we got to get
plugging oh no please don't sir Oh God
for that
fuck you know I was just talking about
this in the optic podcast that's how I
would break my headsets pretty good
managed to make it all set up and
rock'n'roll I'm gonna try and install
all the drivers for the microphone right
now hopefully this bad boy is rocking
and rolling and you know what look good
money this is like a really sick so I
just need to work out how to go to
travel with a laptop and carry an
additional screen to be able to play on
that isn't that big baby food challenge
I love you scum pay love you scum pay
you just got out of bed I think I say
brother is only six o'clock if I've ever
seen a storm or aimed at myself this is
it right now these guys sell swords
whoa this place is amazing these guys
are in here they came in they fought
magic the cover in packs
and now they're playing them here
they've got like Dungeons and Dragons
and stuff sick like Warhammer oh my god
what why does one of these my existing
me I would Livia okay go on give us the
best sales pitch of chicken charades
think fast act out with only a squeaky
chicken what why is this the thing also
why is it the Big Bang Theory clue a
thing as well as not play there's a halo
monopoly oh that's okay
now that is acceptable yes
oh there it is so just want to note this
I came to it was this Woodfield Mall
something this place is filled with you
guys like everyone just keeps going to
be like we love the blog so it's pretty
fucking awesome literally just talking
about funds and then this guy jumps ooh
yeah I was just talking about bumping
into people at the mall and I've bumped
into you so now you're in the vlog sorry
yeah like what are the chances of that
as soon as I start vlogging we bump into
some dough now watching me blogging
which is just crazy and what's really
really crazy is when I was in the shop
picking up this hot this jumper someone
tweeted me saying are you in the mall
and it was like kind of wigs they took a
picture the moms like are you in the
mall and I'm gonna smoke them guys I was
like did one of you guys tweet me any
were like yeah but we didn't think we
bump into yourself the chances of us
coming together is canonize PF Changs
itch I'm so hoping like the Chicago PF
Changs has what I need where is it
siliceous dump wins Oh
I ordered a drink right god what stuff
came out of it it's a mini fucking rain
forest but of it there's even more in it
I know this is probably ruining the
flavor book really I think you've got a
full lemon what it's eliza lime minute I
call that knowledge it is ridiculous
look how much drink I've just lost
because all on easily who's awake who's
awake
no one who's awake no one babe Oh
I've not seen you in like three days you
just standing there well I was I came
down I was like why the hell is he
sleeping here so the ones here ones over
there and then I've still got my room I
would have totally been absolutely cool
with the share in this room and everyone
cause he was supposed to be like me and
then like four other people sleeping in
here but I guess they're fine out there
like that
I did not say that I did not ask
anything that's just hex just simply did
it so not bad I go I get a nice nice
night's sleep to myself without anyone
snoring got me a hole it holes come on
Alan when he wakes up
if this doesn't scare the living hell
out of him when he wakes up I don't know
he's nice and absolutely everyone in the
optic house is playing h1z1 Nick right
now is still awake playing it so I'm
just going to sit here and watch him
like I refuse to touch this game anymore
because I'm so addicted but I watch
other people do it fuck I fucking blow
Joe ha nice haha damn it damn it damn it
damn it damn it damn it it's 5 o'clock
in the morning 5 o'clock in the morning
alright because I've seen maniac playing
it was Maven I'm now gonna go for it oh
yeah that's right woman on the beach you
you go running along at 6:50 in amman
you decide what I'm doing in my life but
let me show you guys an awesome cliff I
just go in Tallinn check this out this
guy right inside I was like where the
hell's yeah I was running out with a
pistol and well I said the pistol
doesn't go too well miss every single
shot and jump shot headshot with a
shotgun
whoo yeah needless to say we carried on
and then lost the game so the highest we
ranked the out of playing with me
Nick and mavin was 12 and we just got
absolutely wreck so yeah I'm going to
bed now that sounds like a great idea
I'm just gonna quickly check if the
sun's coming up and Oh would you look at
that the Sun has basically risen it is a
new dawn it is a new day
it is beautiful thank you very much I
love your gas faces don't forget to
check out the object podcast and I will
see you guys tomorrow for the next daily
vlog at 6 p.m. also again massive
apologies for today's vlog being late
not my intention whatsoever I just I
think I fell asleep
edit in my vlog and he was like oh my
face like that when I woke up so I'm
sorry about that but yeah catch you guys
tomorrow
