it's gonna seem really weird well I'm
just gonna say this right now you guys
wanted to make gaming videos well guess
what I made one I just released it today
pretty much at the same time as this
video going live I think and hope so if
you don't watch it link down the
description click and I will see if you
guys like it the comment yes okay this
room has been successful thank you I
love it I'm going ton stop a day and go
to Windsor Castle
she says this starting his day extremely
late I'm most likely not going to make
you on time but I may have a sprint how
did this Hotel go from being kind of
like modernist to many evil horror
themed and this feels like a scene from
Harry Potter these eyes that are not
stop moving I'm watching you boy freshly
squeezed apple a little bit breakfast
collection on here got some Nutella some
jams
marjorine I think of Margery I don't
know mmm animal food some cheese some
ham some salami I like it I like it I
like it
I'm sure eyes and yeah I think I kind of
like the breakfast cuz there's no one
else
yeah I don't know where I'm supposed to
be running out naked as fast as I can
okay guys we've got the wrong house
that is a British bacon breakfast what
bacon as a British back first I am
looking forward to thank you very much I
mean definitely taking pictures month
Horace hopefully this doesn't seem weird
but I'm going to put that there and dip
it sausage in it and then God god bless
us a long time
well notable owner set course however
look at this at the grinder lounge
this is my frame pretty goddamn good job
of missing trains but look like this
almost too late so I made it in time
also I made friend oh that's great
when is the unbeaten Riverside and where
we're going all day so classic the
vaping lounge you just look like mist in
there well just make it into the castle
so we're going to walk around everything
but why hey this is a world
modern-looking statue usually only see
them like old as anything dedicated for
the Irish Guards and busting presidents
whoa that's amazing yeah like I'm saying
you know you usually see like the Statue
but they're really old and don't have
modern stuff on them just guys kick it
out I wish you well angry face Tom right
now that's the castle we're trying to
get into Windsor Castle and we sell fear
we've gotten trained everything like
that it's open at like till half-past
four and it's not like quite a thought
and it closed it so we can get in this
is why don't let him Wow damage listen
American you go get your whatever key
right in America they've got t.j.maxx
but here we've got TK Maxx so she's
freaking the hell out meanwhile I'm
going check into my hotel which is
apparently totally not related to me at
all
push girl cuz my name is to sell not
catchable for the record right all right
all right okay I get a rope gets a
little no no Holly why she think it I
like it I like it
my bed looking mighty fine I like this a
lot and every sheep is a comfortable in
there nothing for the comfort test on
the bed though he's nice it no days the
castle sink Alexis I'm not trying to woo
you hear anything but that is my future
car right there oh my god absolutely
beautiful
yeah and you realize how good it looks
in great this is an f-type SVR
don't f-type like sports edition but not
an SVR nice trying to roomy it
nice car get out it you Americans you
you're Americans and you're you're jeeps
and that is a proper car that is a
manly man's car it yeah you know what
this is the kind of car you would drive
that's the kind of guy that's the kind
of car you drive that's what I imagine
to be your like favorite car oh oh we're
in the UK with this kind of car
am I wrong h-hey and CaptainSparklez
jordan drive that that's actually his
car yeah you say no oh sorry oh do i
five no high five high five no I you
mirror without me well that is a hmm
pretty crooked looking building by
coming from Harry Potter
yeah my father's like you're not going
to judge me for wanting these right no
tell the truth let go with your weak
enough I want to talk about that I'm
already regretting meeting over the
Lexus in England because oh look where
we're going glorious bread oh boy wait
this is for some English I never even
had the raw of course you need to buy
all the tours yeah I'm like a super
tourist so I won't even clump like
shortbread as English all kick-ass sharp
ideas it's good you know you definitely
need a biscuit into the Queen unlike
come on I'll take it you're gonna be
impressed by this place oh my god how
much you go that's all you're American
yeah yeah yeah I don't know what room
inside you got room America yes we do
all right so this is my America oh yeah
look at this thank you
yeah yeah the America mm-hmm what do you
feel at home
ha ha very funny here you go American no
ok let's put that down and I'm just
going to walk away this is why I don't
wanna be seen with you you go in and do
your tourist I am NOT going in
historical ok I'm going to historical
Windsor I'm going in
why did you make me do this got a
crystal I never ever do I didn't make
you do anything you chose to mm-hmm
I have them yesterday I'm having them
again you can't stop me
it's an addiction okay it's an addiction
for the castle at night looks well
spooky so the Queen actually is in there
right now in that colored flag book I
mean she's staying there which is pretty
damn sweet this is this vent house from
the other side we'll cut the door G I am
now doing the complete opposite of
window shopping and I am people watching
so yeah the next day at 4 o'clock in the
afternoon she fly and anything of this
blog upload it to YouTube and hope out
for you guys faces now as you guys saw
we didn't actually make you into the
castle yesterday but today we did it was
awesome I was amazing and I cannot wait
to share with you girls because I'm just
like British as all
so in tomorrow's box you be able to
check that out till then the tourist is
going to continue doing those touristy
things and yeah just be American is
so until tomorrow thank you very much
for watching I'm sorry to make it to the
castle euros obsessed we are bought it
will be worth it for tomorrow instead so
that will be like rate and subscribe and
I think today I've got a brand new h1z1
video going out for your face it's a
link in description go check out my new
gaming video and let me know if you
enjoy it oh and as always
Shumpert off dude I guess that works
