or she better answer she better bloody
answer boy let me in
we'll play some hitch was a Warner
 comic time it is all Laettner
like usual to catch a train that leaves
in okay team in it just looking at the
menu on the train and all the sudden
what the hell is a cheeky pistol
I'm confused I will appreciate some
damage on the train please bacon no
reason please get seem to get pleased to
get bacon oh that is some good thank you
not bad oh what a pleasure it is to be
back in busy old London and Raqqah
settle punished that's a song by the way
I don't watch the Mina pursued it wrong
all my life are you referring to
Facebook 17 viewers and yeah feed a
gerbil or hamster
yeah I'm done but a lot of things this
is the hotel I'm staying at oh hell yeah
this is what I'm talking about
oh the potions machines what what the
hell
or what whoa whoa whoa all right that's
where we're staying for the night
looking pretty nice this is a very last
bit I'm very happy without obviously
going to test it but this is like this
is a five-star hotel online it was
rating 4.9 but it's technically a
five-star hotel so it does we got some
champagne straight on the entrance that
is pretty good down to it thank you very
much hotel I appreciate that
we go straight into the bathroom and all
Margaret this is the interesting decor
it's got lambs and butterflies and
or whatever this is a three-piece Burrow
for you know getting that clean shave
this is where any parish the hairdresser
or wherever you this is just like a door
little I'm going to over this okay
 the light I think it was like a
door that opens inside of it another
bathroom pretty good I'm liking it nice
and smart do what do we have a view I
don't know any other view let's have a
look which is the entrance oh that's
nice it's a very very grandiose Hotel
look at it fancy for the main test so
the main result oh my god yeah this is
this is a this is definitely a 9 9 out
of 10 hotel so far I saw this and was
like wait a minute it's like a Chinese
like noodle kidding
no it's shiny teeth yet like I want to
say chopstick was definitely not
chopstick is it it's a chop stir stick
we'll check this out whoa
oh wait with the help let's apply to the
sweet brown sugar and classic with Gino
the divinity of tea experience English
breakfast rich and robust tea okay oh
crap my next stop is going from over
something
three we go into a cap I have made it to
the Tower of London and look at a strike
at its peak I got an hour free in
between jobs so I'm going to go inside
from a bit of stuff and show you guys
some history also you do that pointy
thing over there that's called the shock
London shot it's the tallest building in
Europe I think I have my ticket for the
tower it closes in an hour and a half so
I've only got an hour and a half to rub
the Queen's crown okay that's doable
pigeon pose no way I've got feeling yes
it's got salt we walked in this
direction I'm not going to mess with
hippos is it going on where you going
so this is where everyone was beheaded
while Hastings Queen Anne Boleyn like a
pole Geoffrey Catherine Howard Jane
Bowen
oh my hey lady James this is crazy I was
preparing more of like an anvil block
instead of a collapsed pillow so Leslie
cool Oh age is a modern day water tower
in her history cool oh look at it so
this is this is the church or the chapel
whatever you want to call it that's
where the Queen Jules held like your
crown and all that sort of stuff inside
there is where it's like all museums
like where they went from like swords
the muskets and all that sort of stuff
and then pressure one of these houses
maybe today is the Queen's house so oh
whoa whoa whoa that's a guy what are you
doing what to do is what my watches what
what you doing like what a job I know it
they have a real role of like protection
because they have real guns and stuff
like that real swords and they can
attack and if you tell people to move
and might get aggressive if they need to
like I think I was a che a changing of
the guard but like part of me wants to
say like are they actors not in an
insulting way because see anyone really
messing with them here at the same time
you never know you never know you'll
know them or you're gonna follow guys
and like what happens I hope it'll get
in trouble because you know guns you
know that says the foot that's found
inside out
I'm almost 9 not essential this is the
changing of the guards not the
queensguard the changing of the guards
or find out ok
maybe they didn't change the god they
left him behind
he currently has no eyes or eyebrows oh
oh this is great time image oh my god
Oh we'll read that in a minute
oh we're gonna find him if I am gonna
fight him help me me no
strange buddy
definitely you're real good though yeah
hmm you know I was gonna knock about
your knocking about all right I meant if
you guys want to read it hello if you
guys gonna read it and pause the video
now and read and then pause video now
Andy so it's very smart sir it was very
dangerous in this place looks very
intriguing
oh well hmm I have been stumped
whomp-whomp well there you go
I saw the Queen's tap pretty good it
okay to film it go ahead
- steal it stop I've got some reason
there's monkeys in here
shush now not peace dangerous our oh oh
no no no no the Ravens of the Tower of
London y'all can go yourselves with
that thought I'm saying if there's no
look at the size of thing that thing is
carrying a small child in itself and
it's stupid
and then that pitching comes in a lack
of it that is a cool piece of artwork
very very cool
I told you guy look you've come the hell
down boy I will hit you with this
umbrella
anyway Ravens have often been team has
bad omens and symbols of death told you
and this is the story but they flee the
Ravens ever leave the white color the
white color would crumble and the
kingdom was fall so that's why they kept
to keep them here I'm well aware it's
just a bridge but having a
beautiful-looking bridge I'm just going
to go and get quick those with it so
they wear it in the daytime and overflow
the cloud but then as soon as they come
back at night it will look like a good
surprise
Nando's yet again medium for Pachuca
meals carry
the cheese though it's got a medium
sauce what the hell there's a bank
called Cassini shebang ha ha ha whoa
whoa whoa whoa look they're big ass then
over here
looking good my friend looking good long
time no see
I love to tell you all the diamonds from
here but we can't forget the folk
summertime I can't make you feel yellow
dot oh and that's one nice ya know could
you guys do nobody fuzz okay ha ha ha no
my day got interesting real quick I'm
now inside a cage where I don't know you
can see but that is actually a vert
going to say hello to me so I'm gonna
die cut you guys later well I've had a
good day so far I can't show you guys
everything that beat up to bought I did
intend on going on the I however there's
a problem the eyes closed I think it was
open to like 10 o'clock at night
that's much thick-cut as you can tell
the Downing Street and if we go around
here just over here I believe that right
there is number 10 Downing Street I'll
be pretty sick if I can get a video ever
coming out like a clue and I'd be like
septum I like your channel I subscribed
this is going to seem super random but
this if you ever come to London it's
just near Big Ben it's like a sign in
front of like all the houses of us this
sign is where my dad brought me when I
was a little kid and he came down with
me and my sister when I was about 8
years old my sis was about 10 and I
stood at that sign and I wasn't even
taller than this size if I go close to
it I'm not even that much bigger than it
now but I came up about here on the side
and if you go to my dad's house please
don't go to my dad's house offices but
when I go to that house I'll make a
video and show you guys where about them
understand so every time I've ever come
down I always take a photo of this and
it shows how I've changed over the years
so yeah cool little fun we think dad if
you're watching this I got a fall over
the side I hope she left me in for a cup
of tea because my hands are bloody
freezing and I'm not too sure on or not
I can say under the guards are there
well it looks like the boxes are empty
we've got a little bit too late but
nonetheless we may say Harry was he
called Harry Prince Harry we may see
Prince Harry raving naked like he
occasionally does
yeah but my song get complicated look
how all the train is oh my god busy
you're like sardine my hotel keeps it
retro as hell it's still got the
old-school gas one I don't know what
he's like gas bombs from like olden
times but yeah that's good right okay
straight away I've got my complete
undivided attention
oh my life yes yes yes yes hey we're
very bored
definitely this is Hama Homs I want it
we are not messing around there we will
certainly see good decision right here
truffle fries and mac and cheese
the hotel on thing that has a custom
Range Rover check this out rosewood
London blue I'm like pretty sure you can
ask that to like drive you every light
like a private car but I'm pretty sure
probably cost about thousand pounds a
day right ladies and gentlemen it is the
next day I'm absolutely exhausted but I
had to wrap in this video so make sure
you like rate and subscribe and I get to
go tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog where there is a surprise in store
for you guys so till then we can see
