oh my gosh it is way too early for the
ship I'm most likely gonna miss my
flight
well I'm pushing this as close as you
can get it to us oh I have 25 minutes to
get to my gate otherwise I'm going to
miss my flight duty line is looking
mighty busy well I just managed to get
through security pretty damn fast
actually I just happened to find the
person at the front you know like when
you speak secured what there's nothing I
can do but she dropped a pen and I
passed her up and I was like there you
go I'm running really late and she was
like I got yours like so many people on
a Monday morning a new dawn a new day a
new monster to try monster juice no no
this kid's got with little hands a book
needless to say I just dropped the
living shit out of this thing so there's
probably no Xplode plus-one to the gate
first one on the plane oh maybe not
perfect goodbye nice weather
for Rosie's baby but survival this woman
is absolutely terrifying
goodbye California next up we will see
soon this is not about breakfast
here's a crazy fucker here you might
think that that right there
it's not it's a lake this is magical oh
man I did not come prepared for this
it's snowing ha well somehow I ended up
in a Chicago
hey flame sod what's out there buddy hey
be much I mean how did you end up here I
don't know you have you have one set of
clothes yeah I did not come prepared now
that is a sick photo that's dope that
I'm not one to complain with Christmas
decorations but I'm pretty sure these
still shouldn't be up oh my gosh that is
amazing
whoa it's made up of controllers oh
that's sick that is so sick oh my god
the fucking dumb things jeez that's
incredible
have to say optic is killing it right
now look at all these trophies oh wow
that is beautiful I out that your gloves
for driving are on point dude but it's a
readiness one I thought it was shocked
when I saw you moving them fucking
midgets I'm giving you a finger in ages
oh really I just love America this food
looks incredible
hmm this all looks really good but you
know what sounds even better for the
Winx no oh wow rookies I'm so so tired I
can't believe I got on this fly it was
just so random I was like I'm going to
the optic cowson there you go I London
I'm here rah all right so this next clip
is gonna seem really really random
throughout my day of just being like ok
Tom's going travelling and now what the
heck is this but a while back I ended up
buying a well for a small village in
Swaziland and the people who organized
building the well send me this
you
you
Casey nice that eat your hat check this
out
Oh hex can I stay at the house for a few
days yes if you won my car you can have
my car too
so wait all right well this used to be
scum pees room but instead it's not
anymore so this is now mine I'm gonna
drag a bed in here because this is
literally what we're doing I just turn
to put the optic house randomly
unannounced Hector thank you very much
for letting me stay you're just the
greatest man I am you just you're just
so fucking cool I'm like I'm coming into
town you're like okay that's fine I know
you're gonna supply me with a bed pick
up the phone when you call I love you
where is he
I've been in here for ages
Oh fuckin hate you in Daddy do you see
the humble movement no dislikes trimming
the Honda like this movie makes it
that's what the noise was
yeah I just do it like this one broken
bro I just watch the fucking hormone ISO
exponent I'm so it's not good you
thought I was gonna walk in oh my gosh
I've been wanting to go to this place
all damn day I've traveled all the way
from Los Angeles for Buffalo Wild Wings
and like an idiot I ordered boneless
rather than boned goddamn idiot I'm so
tired
I could not function straight alright
I'm okay with this being a boneless
wings look at the size of that one
yeah however this could not go I got my
wings I can hear someone one of the best
things about the optic house they always
have drinks feel like it's time to give
you guys a tour over my brand-new room
at the optic house well this used to be
optics company's room now they're not
actually using it and X has always said
Tommy if you actually want to move into
this house I can do and this would be
the room that I'd move into it's gotta
be cinema radius like I could have could
I could Netflix and chill it style the
thing to be amazed at my own self my own
stream and all that sort of stuff I'm
actually too sure what's back here I'm
sure it's like a wine cupboard or
something oh it may be some tech that
runs the house and some towels so at
least I know where my tools are and then
are they oh this is the wine cellar
this gonna smash it whoa
I could stir on my pots of Jameson in
here yeah how cool would this be if I
did have like a fun trick Tower itself
in here and it's an amazing room look
like delights actually work
you got like all these grand grand
lights do you work Oh oh my god look
double set right okay I don't know how
to turn the big ones on on the wall I'm
not too sure what am I doing wrong here
speakers built into the wall for the
surround sound
she's absolutely sick I could have a
massive massive bed in here and I could
just a sick set up I would honestly love
to do it because I love being in LA but
it's like it's just stuck it's one of
them Los Angeles absolutely there is so
much stuff to do there that it's
incredible it is so much fun but if I
think I want it to like really grind and
get back on top of like my game in and
stuff like that this is the place to be
you know surrounded by people are also
doing it getting motivated and and and
just like having really fast in and that
that's also like a plus sport it would
be surgical opportunities I've always
talked about it with hex about like
moving in here and loads of people in
the comments would like to do it so I
could potentially like you know do like
a month out here or something to just
see how it goes and if I need to go back
to LA it something like a three and a
half hour flight so I could potentially
do import as of right now we're starting
rug rag-and-bone stuff but nonetheless I
always appreciate Hector let me stop
over it just says like whenever you want
come on round you're more than welcome
I just text him like 20 minutes before I
get to the place like we're going to
stop now he's like Pepa short whatever
will come at it you're whether it's
sleeping on a couch or it's sleeping on
a four or it's sleeping on a mattress I
do not care
all I need is a place to lay my head and
I'm good that said ladies and gentlemen
I am so tired through traveling
traveling out here and everything it's
just I've only had about like an hour
and a half sleep I've even like fall
asleep almost all day so I'm gonna get
some sleep
I would have liked have done this more
of an awesome blog give me like turn up
seen the opposite guys and stuff I could
prank like every single one of them but
I just so I was just so tired so like
you know you compare my QA vlog where I
was like really creative cuz I'd like 15
hours sleep that night shit so it's like
like rested Tommy's good Tom so
hopefully the next few days the vlogs
will be good but also if you're watching
this right now the chances are I'm going
to be live streaming on YouTube and
twitch the new DLC for called you is on
B's came out and like that rave in the
woods are rave in the wet dead woods on
redwoods or something that I don't
really play through it and see what I
think of it like it could be awful it
could be good but nonetheless I'm gonna
stream it all day check it out and if
you guys want to tune in then make sure
you do so thank you for watching I'm
gonna go now and go to bed
love you guys faces makes you live like
rain and ice house hood
