it's a new day it's a new life for me
and it's looking grave boom boom boom
bum bum bum bum okay that's enough about
what good modern into your faces while
sir masses world restarting today with
nothing it's 217 right to get to 15 in
the afternoon I was just waking up get
well I'm assuming when I was through
apart yes she forgot to tell me she
smashed some glasses because oh my gosh
because look what I found
Paulette you are a fucking bitch where's
the Sun this is some color for making
weird noises at McCree because for king
branch fell on it it should be like a
quick beat some Mel Taylor oh my god
tree fell on car car destroyed Wow I
know I got my grunt at a really nice car
and I'm pretty sure this is the car I
got my granddad like I'm pretty sure
that the exact same but I got hips in
green I'm getting it changed blue so I
can drive it that thing is beautiful oh
yeah look where I am
fucking Hollister the most smelly place
on the earth it just smells like someone
dropped a bottle of aftershave and was
like I like this that's beautiful we do
particularly wonder if this is the sale
and if I can buy it from a house because
I would I feel like I need a VR headset
that was in it because these guys are
losing the shit this is really support a
that's the trains that I was talking
about that I bought the TRAI at the
bottom like this full box x-ray in the
hopes of an easter egg in return
yes not again unless similar track does
actually have it I want to let me know
you ban oh I got two million Oh since
when the hell did them tow become the
most hype thing in Selfridges what the
hell oh ah
I want one but it's broken something
weird is going on with this mannequin
from behind what I'm going to start
doing reviews of mannequin how to make
money take a pair of trainers sick
flowers and sequins to it I decided from
Jefferson again to get my mom a birthday
present and instead I haven't got her
anything and got everything for myself
I'm a great son also mum I know you
watch this so sorry
oh it's called as object look now I'm
going home and my mom's come around to
my house because we're making well I say
we're my mum's making me Sunday dinner
at home so I can't wait because I have
gotten yeah you guys all and I'm really
excited by the Kings well guys it's nice
to be back in England I hope you like my
Corrine let know wow this is great wait
what mum cooks with a nice meal thank
you mama
described a crumpet it's a nice circular
full of a cross between a bread and a
pancake nation it's got a lot of holes
in it so the bubbles of air in it that
slight toasted on the top on the bottom
okay I'll let describe a comfort right
Woodall's in it yeah an English muffin
with holes in it no no it's more like a
pancake you Bresnik okay cool oh oh
quinoa quinoa quinoa quinoa came what
came what you're cooking cat hair by the
way yeah you know what mom
I have to focus right now we did an
amazing job with food thank you for
dinner
back to summary of tradition we've eaten
food and now we're watching the flood
the best thing this is moment have you
not seen it yet
yes I kind of fall yeah you would like a
bouncing ball to the brunt hit the
jackpot schools good ok guys got a bit
of a shopping coffee today I managed to
get myself a good boy
wait really stupid right keep it try
what and since I got the gray jumper I
was like oh my god you get the blue
top-load you know what I'm like as soon
as I find one thing I like I get several
right and so you know how I was talking
about how if I get one one t-shirt that
I like I need the other one so there's
one I also internship and then there's
one in gray there you go
and then if I keep on going there no
other large pointed there's one in blue
and one there's M I've got long sleeve
shirt I'm supposed to punch another
button one and then I got blue one and
then I got white one and they're all the
exact same it was a great person like I
won again shit why weren't you allowed
even though I did on my own anymore get
out
fuck you know I want you to leave Napoli
it's a gossipy well Karl nice car bro
doc I'm actually going to disown you as
a friend and a brother take a cycle be a
good bike over there good boy you really
do that you've not told them yet well
I have you failed two-point result
nothing you just go stop dubbing
did you just sell it at the dump of a
distance you fucked him dead
you're fucking dead to me yeah that's
right and stay out
it's all gonna crash I'm not even gonna
bother filming him because I'm just
gonna let it happen return to the setup
oh my god look at the state of this room
there's just boxes and bags and like
10,000 loot crate's there are six gaming
monitors on the folders at Qatar on the
floor my desk is messy another leak rate
this is just not acceptable I'm sure you
guys remember that inside here viola I
have the up deck and as much as I love
this deck here that curves around being
at the optic house proved to me that I
need to be on a straight cut death I
don't know why don't know why it works
better but I'm going to get rid of this
bad boy which is a desk that I've had
pretty much the past five years and it
is a good desk and IKEA doesn't even
sell it anymore that's how we like Rare
this desk is but I'm going to get rid of
it I'm going to stop up desk and I'm
going to get back on the grind of making
videos where that also said you guys see
me using this big wide monitor big big
wide monitor and absolute little pieces
but I think I'm gonna be switching back
to individual size ones so I can go back
to three monitors because I don't like
having this and then two of these like
but they're in there I'd rather have
three individual ones or just one on its
own so I'm going to try and get all set
up rock and roll and working perfectly
so this week was the back in UK I'm
hopefully going to be tricking this
setup out I'm sick of the echo in here
so I'm going to get sound panels for the
walls I think I'm going to put TV on
there talking about my CCTV on all the
time and stuff like that and this room
is going to get finished if I can make
yourself at the optic house really sick
and legit that I can do it here that's
all I'm saying all right
it can be done so let's do it please and
gentleman I have to rock and roll now I
have to go these days been mixed up we
could have been wake up good leg bones
please
wake up at random times and all my junk
book I got dropped this book makes you
look like rate subscribe and if you're
watching this right now um this should
be loud at six o'clock replay probably
probably I have the new gaming video at
h1z1 h1z1 h1z1 highlights video going
live on my main game in general today so
if you want to check out I'll put a link
down the description be the first link
down there go check out go and enjoy and
if you do make sure you thought that
like rate make sure you subscribe to the
channel cuz I am but so blow into it I'm
trying to go about every other day or
every other all the day but just trying
to be consistent and people on the
channel are really enjoying the content
I'm really happy with that so I now need
to go so until tomorrow thank you very
much what you leave a like rating and OH
audio there's
