good morning world as you realize behind
me it's nighttime
whoops oh good to be home
the day is here the house is ready so
let's get static that was the only thing
I can think of rhyming after that bow my
alright so this is like the same day
yesterday's vlog went up because I film
the same day I had to but stopped and
started a vlog it is now 7 26 and I am
late to getting to Intrepid center to go
for meal with Allison cow so let's get
on the way also another shot out later
in organizing ye Old Faithful he does me
proud he's really much --chili like new
as ah good to see ya
look II know this if I'd ever see what
those hoping to go to London but the key
goes all the way outside look that the
queue again it was much count my mom
mama cow it straight one of them's and
something's like yo give you a tenner
and tenet to get in and we just
completely Godspeed Hayek you naked hey
that was that was some sound by you go
straight into Nando's I would show the
guy no we don't agree yeah but I don't
want to lose the job I don't want to
juggle all you that is a fucking legend
true I'm so excited man those
this is why I come back to England a
little bit of chicken in this gum oh I
love you pal
good to be back man now you made a good
decision meeting both munching oh yeah
wrap your back as well
now another that don't have a chip it's
cute I'm so tired
try again Harry Perry so gorgeous I
think I can consider this a successful
shop I came here and left with one
birthday card and yet they gave me this
entire bag for one card I'm having
withdrawals from America so I decided to
take Alex and Carl to the arcade because
I missed it in America was
half-expecting a note to be on my car
last time I came out the trumpet said it
was a note stuck to my windshield of a
KFC with receipt I'm like I was like
what the hell is this all I told about
the note when it stucks the window Thank
You Polly what we're going inside now
we'll play some arcade games and do a
bit of Bollywood so can't wait to kick
there first person to get strike tena
wins dinner what you still owe me 40 can
the bail me out at Christmas
you're fucking talking about you just
saying I owe you money for a bet I owe
trauma column a thousand pounder no no
no I have to pay myself like a one is
the baby debt
oh you sort of paved roads for my man oh
my god wait what how much I weigh dad
what do we do
be truthful it's not your blog yet
someone focus of love and put in the
comments can we get the Christmas time
John
I honestly honestly I just cannot
believe I forgot I own another family oh
yeah yeah yeah oh just a hundred glowing
not even doing anything
and it just constantly going and I keep
somehow winning and it keeps putting me
tickets so I'm just going to step
further away
and see how many tickets I can win
no 2017 Kyle you did that budgets Gordon
even gone no it was a little good fun
but a bride attraction oh oh we go so
you absolutely don't go cow okay I'm
just near holding all the tickets by the
way always wrong to the scene
i'ma go here you
oh that's a good spin knock yup really
yes sir all right all right I reckon
he's going to hit go wait you only want
for he go in the pot one drink
maybe the greatest thing I've ever gone
there's no don't keep walking but those
you've all just a couple this is
absolutely ridiculous always I think you
hit the jackpot I'm the super jackpot
look this is amazing
wait how far and it's off and it'll
offer but it's still going this is
unreal this is pretty oh my ha ha ha ha
this is the most acute I've ever seen
whatever how this is resilient
and I'd like to say we did good for 99
cents these are all from Alice's you do
know you're going to win like a bouncy
ball
Oh Thursday night 20 oh I'm a half a
Dickey you for going I know as much as
you or Monsters Inc sighs she would be
nice and give it to the guy who's the
kid II was puffing give it to me we're
going to give it to him
ally ally give it me are you doing it
London make sure it's the right one go
on in the gray hoodie at the front of
that give it to them my sister cystic
but you cutest I should have film not
then oh look how it's so good so that's
like gobsmacked you just gave him like
900 seconds when Alice did that we were
pulling a ticket the kid walk up and buy
in drop these like clapping should stuff
like that's amazing
whenever we just do the tickets trip
that does this render the judges read
life like that fate I wish I recorded it
I don't think about it now you got to
high school how I think he's about to
set a high school because he just saw
the hundred on this and it's still going
oh hello after all I ended up getting a
jump 60 Alice there's your prize in the
point they call the block something
yellow
but yet I just visible me pencil how
many TV show you were 70 shot and she
let you have it
I could need time around gamma and I
come here so proud of you feel that Dave
yeah I just can't get over how cozy this
house look now it feels like a home and
is so nice suede my house also smells
like a brothel and you have like caramel
as well as not like it's a statement it
it's like a saying yay like the sound
does it echo in here anymore
good ah wet listen all you teenagers
judging me being like you in nerd it's
so nice to have comfy cozy curtains
you won't appreciate it until you're
older okay just realize I was about that
out through my blog and then I was like
waving you guys need to see the changes
in the house so you guys remember this
room where my lungs felt was was a
oneself done you might know where it did
it folks did on my hand is not the TV
David okay so this got moved for a party
and it will be replaced
don't worry about it but you remember
what we wrote on the wall and instead
cool will guess what
okay I've got chalk wall now instead how
awesome is that
so as you can see some people wrote on
it already but then we we can write on
it all that sort of stuff
and just send it down quick or we can
just like wipe it down just it like just
it off and I've got an entire wall of
chocolate for like my natural pies and
so everyone can just draw on that so I'm
really really looking forward to my next
by to see what stuff gets drawn on that
it works much like with penises also
this is something new wait for it wait
for it let me know how to get it on my
own house no wait but wait oh I wasn't
like twitch there you guys remember this
the bar downstairs cool cool cool well I
managed to get myself Curtin because I
just like to feel it feeling I'll hold
me and nice and you'll not believe how
long it took me to get these currents
like I'm inside the round one but you
guys remember the secret bookshelf right
well guess what we've ran out as well we
didn't run out room but we're running
out of room for the pot biggest soccer
program I installed a new show that's be
sure I installed absolutely nothing but
look at this though it looks like a big
like bookshelf area I don't read books
so we're filling them with pop fingers
amount back in the UK we're going to get
to auction in these offic nice stuff but
I'm going at my mom and my sister to
help make it happen and organize it and
all that jam thought this does mean I've
got more of a pop figures there's some
really really particular ones that I'm
asked to so I'm going to buying them
soon and adding them to the collection
but yeah this it was a 200 push pop
figures including with this now possibly
300 poppin is what yeah I'm really
really excited so yeah look at this
improvements and changes looking good so
on that note start the counter of how
many days it will be until a penis
appears on this wall and my blood what
is why do you think there's gonna be
penises my friends are the kind of
friends that when you pass out on a
night out under the Sharpie you're going
to get penis drawn on your forehead so
the fact that I've got a big wall but
whole purpose is to be drawn on yeah
it's just inevitable so I'm gonna go
spend now guys so thank you very much
for watching make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe to the channel because
I post daily vlogs of my life like I
literally film everything about it put
it on YouTube for your faces and that's
about that so thanks for watching and I
will catch you guys from my next daily
vlog oh by the way just remembered
don't forget I'm posting every other day
kinda at the moment on my gaming channel
so if you guys like h1z1 make sure you
tune in for that and I'll also put a
link down in description right now again
what for the latest gaming video so if
you want to just skip straight to it
click that link down below make sure
you'll drop that like rating I really
appreciate that
I'm enjoy so till then adios good
I
