good morning world it's a new dawn and
so do die and my bag should all be
packed up let me show you the cat the
kind of are this right here is my dirty
clothes I'm going to leave the optic
house because they're going to get
cleaned and then stay here is like my
optic clothes which is weird my back
pack is packed but I decided to unpack
everything play h1z1 because I'm
addicted and then frosty there you go
finally got it right said you want to
get food and he said do you want
chick-fil-a I'm gonna date you that's a
good decision I've got all the stuff I
need let's go we're about to take a ride
let me 21g
I tell you what man you should pick the
hatred skin no this looks like it
h1z1 skin oh my god you get the license
plate hitch that's awesome and then wrap
it that'd be so goddamn cool but it is
still called as all Chicago like
I think I'm more excited to go back to
England because it'll be warmer there
then it will be in Chicago but I will
miss the food especially chick-fil-a oh
it's been so long since I've eaten
chick-fil-a look at this money I put an
entire strip mall overhead just look at
this menu oh my god it's just beautiful
and by the way look how amazing this is
they do catering minimum $125 delivery
ball oh my 200 nuggets for $100 Oh baby
oh it's just a look looking good you
think you need that much you seriously
need a budget okay maybe you need that
much air for my birthday if I come back
out Chicago if we get this the large
tray of 200 Nuggets yeah this is our
chick-fil-a is king
gorgeous
mmm I'm just saying PJ okay just saying
that I would totally be in that play fun
if there were some kids in there I would
totally be in there I feel like it might
be a bit weird if I start burning around
it right kids it's been fun hanging out
and a pleasure to meet you you look
after yourself all right are you good
sir yeah I'm getting up now going back
to England I'll see you in 10 days if
you'll still both beer right sweet we'll
look after yourselves one you can now
fight over who's moving into the room
and when I get back I expect to see a
sick set up in there cuz man was pretty
cool alright
oh all right nice one guys honestly
proper cool hanging out till next time
school Oh like I've been in the back of
rubra like a several thousand times I
never been in back nubert and seeing one
of these I'm kind of whoa yeah it's
pretty interesting to me can you only
have one of these if you were in the
military you wait what's your last name
what's your last name McIntosh whew
that's a cool name
okay right now I'm trying to see if I
can get an upgrade if I can business
class is an impressive headphone it's
made out of carbon fiber wait a minute
how much is it how much is that gonna be
$300 gap damn
I went from carbon fiber headphones to
this what the actual punch this is the
weirdest I've ever seen right look
at this son so you can like flatten it
you can put it right and it stays caught
and then you can pick it at watch I'm
gonna pick some out watch oh my this is
so weird
really watch
you can like mold it but there's no
stand on my hands and then then watch
but then you can make it hard oh
why do you not have this anyone watch
this oh wait what doesn't prove that was
like the oddest circumstance but I need
to explain that that was not my poo
because I would not have put the clip of
a piece of food on my food in the video
it was not my food okay oh god what a
scenario but how random was that I was
like sorry you food I'm like oh god
they're calling up British Airways
British Airways British Airways so
luckily eat it to the gate in time and
looks like I'm on a small plane okay
that's funny it sounded like an
eight-hour flight anyway yeah what you
know about that business press afraid
I am beyond exhausted so I know for fun
I'm gonna fall asleep others like look
lo there's no one sat next to me so I
can like talk as loud as I want which is
that Bosch thing never out of mind so
you guys usually see me like eat food on
a plane and still book because this is a
light fly I don't think I get any so
we're save Oh W so on the way home I
have myself a nice glass of champagne
not much sure I think it's like a tuna
thing on the bottom but maybe some
guacamole and egg berry a piano
you should never clover your food but
warm prawns that taste very well done
and over than that a chocolate King so
and the pink kalimera help
Himalayan salt caramel I like how I
almost got back here mainly and I'm
gonna fail this may be the best thing
about British Airways showrunner the
most amazing snack bar ever oh my god
daring the buttons
yes pleased biscuits funky ass crunchy
bar thank you and yes I felt how asleep
but just had like a breakfast out or
something but he was like even through
like porridge and I was like
No so I decided on water well a London
England and of course my bag got caught
in security so I'm just waiting for this
and then in about 35 minutes
I'm going home to Manchester I don't
think I've ever been so proud of being
British soon as you walk through
security oh my lord the Harry Potter
shop look at this
this is gold AF ok I'm not going in
there look I'm going to look at it yeah
there you go this guy knows the reason I
started giggling that is because the way
I was talking about the store some guy
behind me from New York just started
like giggling his tits off so we had a
little bit of conversation about Harry
Potter and wizards and and that was
it so alright don't get my flight to
Manchester now and then I won't look at
all these depressed people I think
nearly every flight is delayed because
the fogs come in fog rolling in jason
blundell confirmed of the flaws of the
flog the fogs rolled in
so my floor it's delayed
mothertrucker I'm in no rush
I'm sure I'm happy do you know how happy
I am this happy now this is what okay
about um I'm going to take webOS one of
those one of those one of those one this
one
this snore
this is impressive right try and get
will try and get allowed or in carry
there's about three on the Richter scale
x stop Manchester
because I might so happy watching her
back home in this weather
Prabhakar Mazetti but I'll come back to
Manchester there's a sock on a song you
could say something is afoot terminal 3
we meet again alright folks I've made it
back to Manchester I probably get to my
house and then end today's vlog even
though it is the next day I'm exhausted
I'm tired home sweet home and here's my
cleanest kitchen
Alice you did a good job shadow pie
whilst I was away but oh my god I have
curtains what is this this looks sick
this looks like there's about to be a
show reveal very impressed with this and
all these this looks so cozy this is oh
yes this is so much better
god I'm happy with this like every time
I'm like kicking back like watching a
film or something it's just it doesn't
feel like homey but now with the
curtains in this feels like a home this
really feels like a home now and I'm
glad likes every time I keep going back
to the UK I keep you like tweaking
little things of tweaking little things
are tweaking little things and before
you know it it'll be there it'll be my
home sweet home however I've still not
got rid of the but I am wearing no pants
I took my pants off immediately but I
still don't got a cabinet for that yeah
so I'll get round to doing eventually
but for now I'm gonna bed as I'm saying
guys I'm getting bed I'm rested for like
two hours but then I'll be up and I it
for the next daily vlog which means
tomorrow so that being it's now three
o'clock in the UK I will end this and
then sleep and wake up then start my new
vlog so tomorrow's vlog might be a bit
potato but thank you very much for
watching I love you guys faces and I
will see you guys in the next one I
don't
