but this is gonna be a difficult task of
good Trask trust this is gonna be a
difficult task of getting home 10 let me
in the bed do you think we're gonna
survive I don't think Oh
oh shit hey oh my god you look fabulous
do you think you guys do you think we're
gonna survive maybe maybe does it make
you feel confident I'm making your bed
yeah yeah Wow yeah absolute cuz you
can't see my boxer shorts it looks like
I'm just falling like a nerd
okay AJ open this door and giggles - so
let's take a look oh this is great oh
there was such a drift of my bollocks
that was not even entertain herbal we're
stuck the prog I stuck everybody stuck
there's a three-foot snowdrifts to get
to the main road and according to the
waiting nobody's doing much of anything
today
ah gem thoughts/opinions it's a snow day
luckily today everything I wear is dry
as tit so I'm intending to state that
you often everything I think so I'm
intending to stay that way dad you
better be proud of me I'm still alive
I'm still alive dad look at this shit
you can't see shit but this is gonna be
fun there is cars on the road but
they're all trucks and look how thick
this noise it like goes higher than my
boots yes oh oh this guy's having a
really bad day honest above syndicate
original stabbed oh shit I think I
footage got wet already for the record
these are everyone else's cars uh that
one's ours
that ain't going anywhere pretty sure
this guy isn't for here I don't think I
think he's keep it going
we need you we need you I look at you
guys you're so cute
not you Alex sorry ah open this thing
better be open and man this is why I
watch Jeep Wrangler man look at this
beast snow to their snow tires right mud
tires didn't say they're thick as all
hell yeah love those bad boys quite
possibly the most disgusting thing to
find out Alex was like this is syndicate
stick it in the bathroom I was like wow
and where is it in bathroom dude it's
not my sticker but it says syndicate
Long Beach California okay let's let's
try this breakfast thing again
all right that looks good that was good
that was good
don't poison maker basted this oatmeal
and it tastes like prison food so I
decided to put on a typical it
definitely Procera pewpewpewpew by a
little bit I mean all of it you don't
happen to be fully American Oh Baker
that's what America's ooh that is that's
the perfect American breakfast right
yeah oh wait more bacon Hey right now
we're on the phone to a rental place
seeing how much it would be to rent a
4x4 with snow tires and chains to get us
down because its customers $180 a night
staying up there every time we're here
and to rent a car to get us down it
would cost it off--no dollars but we
then have to get the NW back from here
another day so let's just rent one of
them because otherwise are going to end
up like this guy stuck see this guy
doesn't give a fuck one sec let me cross
it across these ice banks are so nasty
alright oh this is where we crossed
yesterday what's still wet underneath
oh oh oh yeah ladies first by all means
I managed to find some higher ground
this everyone's now like waking up just
like 9 o'clock
and try and get out the guy the tractors
here like plowing it all out that's our
car next to this guy is really
struggling to go he's been trying to
display 20 minutes so he's having no
look and yeah it's basically just a shit
show so fingers crossed if this guy gets
out would close the way of it and then
that guy will clear the way out cuz
right now or going nowhere
the Beast has been revealed oh my wait
why is one of your lights flashing okay
yeah it's not doing impossible to do it
on the car most weird but like are you
shooting wig yeah tonight 6 1080 60
frames per second yeah yeah so we're
like we've dug out the wheels a little
bit and my everyone else is digging
themselves up well this is just way too
much snow from where the dog someone
else and put it here so we're gonna wait
for this guy to come along there I
hopefully can get out hopefully we can
get out are you ready are you ready
oh shit bird oh my God look at this now
that that is better than a shovel like
10 times better than a shovel go on man
goes close to the BMW's you can yeah let
it rain there brain very cold rain
hahaha this is so much better than
digging
god yes morning
I nicely done brotherbrother
the holy step marina resort these guys
thank you very much
these guys were amazing they took us out
Oh Shh it's going and we get out the
snow chains are on and we hope you're
not because of the cold the metal seized
even more so they tighten up and don't
come off but that's a fingers crossed
kind of job so let's hope they stay on
and we can get out of here can't leave
just yet when we got the stop ski really
we can't just go just yet we got returns
and skis Jen run it and then we gotta
pack all the bags into the into the car
so stage two the process if a changes
have come off at its goodbye hotel room
and turn the heating down because we had
a 90 fahrenheit doesn't seem so hot so
hot that it burnt my gloves look about
the hotel room you're a pleasure yes
rock and roll be fairly happy oh he's
ready for the norm rock he's one of the
road he made it to the petrol station I
think it is nice
everything's fine we made it in change
is still on let's top up I'm gonna get
some supplies
oh we stopped at 7-eleven got some
supplies for the road in case over that
needs five
I got rice krispies basketball but
basically the fuel at this station won't
work for us because we need we need
premium fuel we need premium fuel and
they've only got normal so another
reason why you don't bring a sports car
to a mountain range haha thank you yours
okay whatever we get we have to split
okay so see how millionaires at split
yeah alright alright
rookie gyms it's Judy's Oh success rate
I won $15 did you know what nothing
oh wait well there's two more things to
scratch it this is team is three months
of scratch off there there and there
okay turns out I didn't win anything
what did you get and then $15 you didn't
win anything either
no okay can I get what can I just
replace it with another one another one
all right all right all right AJ you
ready hit road ready Alex really hit
road the look was not with those even
though I did win on the first one I
think I got lucky because I made $5 but
then and then bought another one so five
dollars up for me so that's good so
maybe I should drive
number no I did no thanks yeah that's it
that's a definite no this is not my
first choice of sunglasses okay I gave
AJ mine because I might alike custom
locally syndicate ones for the polarized
as well as a light you can see bumped in
light with the white snow like the
perfect snowboarders and stuff so oh she
has lost a bumper okay
you see back with them all right this is
the gnarliest route ever brother was
just all downhill but it could just off
the ice and then we just go slide it on
down
that's it we I think we got this with
these to be honest man
yeah easy we don't even need tired yeah
we don't need it wait tad Jack Joe Joe
Joe Jack
good good between us how are you doing
back there good surviving your neighbor
good are you babe okay baby bed bed bed
bed bed it's harder this is six and a
half miles downhill right now and the
car stuck on the column so that's
fucking great looks like he's gone did
yeah that actually looks like a hit is
there might be some iced tea so be
careful he doesn't like he's been out
long X's engine still running so I'll be
Supergirl
look at this oh my lord is beautiful
beautiful slam
if used up in the middle road you'll
meet off with my shovel dig him out
just ask there okay just tell someone
hit the side of him yeah but I look two
things up there someone hit the back of
them and they're like they're coming to
the side but we draw Buster's like you
okay they said yeah we're gonna offer to
dig them out otherwise cuz I got I
bought but a shovel for some reason it I
was like why not whoa
we're in California what's his name it's
mr. plow it's mr. plow what Oh mr.
fucking blah oh my god that's get away
oh yeah you got this mr. plow and he's
knocked it off the edge yeah I've been
impressive I'm amazed did you get that
yeah I did I'm gonna watch that back
right now so we're actually in a desert
right now good look these I'm pretty
sure these right here they're cactuses
Joshua trees Joshua what's a Joshua Tree
what does like what is a Joshua Tree is
it kind of like a cactus I'm gonna look
at em she's kind of like a palm tree
kind of
we'll go without sugar windfall and
retire this is a 10% grade it's not
great not crazy but
hum brakes on rockin and a-rollin that's
AJ nice controlling the speed like a
beast
I honestly think our biggest fear would
be this guy behind us going into us
rather than us crash into anything it
looks like his pure Road now I've made
it groaning fucking made it brah what
just get on to the like an LA highway
and then some crashes into it could
everyone drives out like a fucking idiot
at the bottom at home oh yes put it yeah
oh shit
we're gonna need to buy a boat fucking
boat fix farmer bro having a laugh in
third excuse me what's going on
no one doing third yeah come on AJ I
thought you were a pro drifter don't
make get your summit eyes on it's still
freezing guide you summit eyes on
temptation is real
I believe she she came out with her and
it's like no way and the fact that she
had spares was like oh no way so how to
do the one thing we never thought we'd
be doing this trips taking off the snow
chains to change look at these this
arrived then fuckin survived you stayed
with us yeah this might look like I'm
having the time of my life but we spent
all day getting these chains on can
finally take them off reverse this car
now I can't believe like home yeah
anyway you want it's been so difficult
to put the chains on and so difficult to
take them off as soon as this chain
comes off I just throw it off the
fucking wedge
he's a shit yeah I'm a horrible
videographer there it is this is the
piece that saved online that was it a
little extension piece
and cut I just find this out real quick
like five seconds later we're in desert
Oh
what son Jesus quoted right now what
this is not a river fuck about 30
minutes later was that in Los Angeles
traffic in the sunshine I gotta go now
when we pull a pesto station AJ our gas
stations are ever that these kids over
here absolutely losing their goddamn
mind over the tiniest amount of snow
because it can sledge here this is
incredible this like this amazing and
all right you guys don't even know what
real snow is this is some bitch-ass snow
and just before anyone loses their shit
in the comments these kids cannot hear
me don't worry they're very very far
away anyway let's get inside I feel like
this is something that should never be
solved a universal auto lockout kit so
if you're a thief you can basically just
buy this to steal people's cars also it
seems I am truly impressed that this car
got us to where we need to be in one
piece like look at it the we what I
didn't film is that we did hit a snow
bank and this popped out so this needs
to put them back in but it's not too bad
actually
by the way I'll scratched up or anything
like that dude you came out not too bad
but dude the crack in the windshield oh
my god looked rutile feel like this is a
lost animal I'm ever gonna see the only
Alex ever till tonight oh we actually
going out tonight no fucking down all
right there you go
we'll see you later on Tom yeah are you
feet wet no maybe I'm shallow
I'm changed Jen's doing makeup you look
fabulous you don't need make-up don't
put it on take it off and this guy's
like let's try some bourbon I'm like I
don't like bourbon anybody's across a
bourbon smells like death
and
another but not that should scroll of it
but it still stays like that
listen I really appreciate this you lend
me some shoes but they're two sizes
bigger for me so I look like a clown
oh we also came to a Mexican place oh my
god oh my god oh my god
that's mine you know yes you tell me we
going to a place whether you're
somewhere as well yeah yeah we're coming
here again you guys made a great
decision
you okay we found it they got good
drinks and they set up shop fire got the
Marguerita going Alex is judges the
squad a daughter uh uh oh I was gonna
wait I was gonna see how long that could
go for that his way in and then we've
got a bun going on this is awesome
my meal is looking mighty weird Jen what
is this enchiladas but looks just like a
pile of cheese huh
that's apology would you get I don't
scum Boyle is that an entire meal or is
it still coming
that's it that's everything this is what
makes compute confuses me kiss kiss kiss
see now that's what I wanted that's what
I was expected this is gonna sound
really odd but I'm just saying this I
don't really like Mexican food the
Mexican restaurant bought this place el
compadre
on Sunset Boulevard is the best Mexican
restaurant I have ever been to my life
changing we're really confused
somehow AJ's got yeah he's got the crack
guy's windshield but you can't feel the
crack but his windscreen is doing that
can anyone explain in the comments below
if not I still got the snow barbra we're
gonna show up no no no totally by the
way I would have loved to if we had snow
chains and all the tires and a rope had
AJ pull me through the streets shredding
like Casey Neistat through New York City
that have been so sick but we'll just
have to go again with like a Jaguar
f-type pace take over for the 4x4 and
just shred it without so hopefully next
time that'll be 66 er I'd like to find
this out right now that this is a really
difficult task snowboard bag box a
package that's randomly lived at my
house think it's from razor backpack and
another backpack the struggle is real
home sweet home earth you know actually
I didn't leave it that messy
got some large cleanup everything's fine
I'm gonna keep the snowboard out so it
reminds me to make sure I get my ass
outside and snowboarding again I went on
this recent snowboarding trip and it was
supposed to be like three day well it
was specially two days of pure light
shredding and food poisoning killed me I
just want to say like honestly thank you
to every single one of you was like
chill as hell because I know like when I
was here
I posted that like two minute 44 video
like it's still a nice minute I posted
that but like at least wait to post a
daily vlog of what I could film my life
and people still get hung about it like
oh you change like no I have not
it's just days I can film when I I film
what I can and even that day when I was
food poisoned I wanted to shred and
snowboard and I did and I tried my very
best to do as much as I could and it
still turned out a really good video but
like sometimes life just takes over
you're either ill circumstances pop up
that I can't put on camera and stuff
like that but that's just all the part
of my life and that is the life of Tom
and that is what this YouTube channel is
so - every single one of you is like
stuck by me like on Twitter like twee me
on the days when shilla that goes down
and everything like thanks for being
cool
thanks for not stating you know like
getting in my face about being like this
was supposed to be your job fuck you you
know this my I'm unsubscribing like I'd
rather the people and subscribe I know
it sounds kind of like negative but like
I don't want negative people in my life
if you're just gonna like come over but
like this video was two minutes 44 long
fuck you I'm out like bye it's just like
you guys know me about a positive
attitude on life and I just want to keep
it that way
I hate having negative people in my life
and the best I can do to avoid them I'll
stick by that so it leaves you and me
together to just enjoy living this
random life that is the life of Tom so
this bed in here looks stupidly
comfortable my blackout curtains look
back they're not doing a good job cuz
they're not closed and I'm taking my
sweet ass to bed so thank you very much
for watching guys I love this I love you
guys for watching the vlogs every single
day at 6 p.m. and I'll see you guys
tomorrow for the very next one so I tell
them thanks watching
adios dudes and dudettes and minute you
do that sand dunes
