well it's the new day I still feel like
shit you're looking so good dude party
so good what do you call this outfit
midlife crisis alright so it's 12
o'clock in afternoon right now I've just
woke up after like two hours sleep but
the clean of the cabins supposed to come
and just like clean around me whilst I
just sit on the sofa till one o'clock at
the cleaners have arrived so I've got to
get ready to rock and roll away AJ and
Jen to get back with Alex I'm going out
in a blizzard I'm honestly feeling like
90% bad now like not that I'm up for fit
for doing anything but my body just
feels so much better than it did
yesterday so I'm just packing up all my
stuff and then we're rocking rolling as
weather is absolutely ridiculous
er does give you a rough getting on even
though I'm elders one thing I really
want to do I want to break down all them
icicles but I don't know how to reach
them all trip oh shit coming bloody hell
so big it innit okay AJ what's happened
well we started with a crack this big
we're doing this big down there we did
called when I got drunk
oh yeah so what the chance is that
breaking the way home
I did I'll just go all the way it'll be
fine we'll just kick it out
pick it out work oh sure yeah that works
for you Oh that'd be pretty sick stone I
make bombs on oh sure
there's no way there's no fucking way
there's no way this happened
isn't it awful fuck sake well the chains
come off is it broke no it's just fuck
fuck I was like worst case scenario
right over there stirs worst case Aaron
because last time we had a jack to put
it up with and now we're just jacked
yeah now we're jacked
oh fuck this is the situation right now
with as much air out the tie as we can
to try and combine them that's the cabin
but we can't go back in because like
we've used up our time there okay who
the cleaners Alex it alex has been doing
what I was doing on the first day like
getting underneath the car and stuff for
like the cleaners are still here so
we're just not trying to see if they can
one help us which I do then we'll be
able to like what to if they know
someone who can help was like we need a
chain so chain cars and all sorts of
shit so oh my god no she goes no no she
doesn't
wait what piece is in her little chubby
but she's got the honor that's what we
need yeah yeah you're amazing
oh go on then Jeff how do you summarize
this experience oh my god cold wet
terrible from me being L yesterday to
this dude Alex you're a champ man foot
it's so wet through into there I've got
all my waterproof gear okay now so in
case we're on the road again it happens
I just feel like Dave are fucking you
all away that chains on we checked this
chain and this fucking came off they ask
this guy if I could pull into the
driveway which we have done now we go
try and get this on hopefully we won't
freeze to death in here yeah look at
this for a scenario this is just hey
Jenny listen I'm a-thinkin my vlog today
if you've already hate me my view of it
oh no we love you eh you vmw but like
just I was thinking today I was like
well we're going to drive or I'm gonna
go sit in my partner all day and that's
gonna be it
nope no get stuck in the mountains big
thanks to this guy though what was your
name sir Pierre Pierre thank you very
much my appreciate you help pls pull
into his garage and now we're just uh I
try and do it so fingers crossed
well it's on it feels a little bit loose
so we're fingers crossing it will AJ
feeling good nope I like feeling good oh
yeah I'm feeling great Jen nope okay it
looks like we're staying here another
night thank you so much dude absolute
legend come on we can do this all we got
to do now is we've decided we're staying
on the night because this is not going
to give up
seven o'clock at night he's got a hope
these chains stay on I get to hotel is
it far no just back in town
we could fuck him through this oh my god
captain sparkles message me was like you
chose to go up to beg them out in in the
biggest storm in LA in the past seven
years and a bmw m3 wall ribbon long
other way summer tires yeah summer tires
mmm
summer tightest on a lowered vehicle
fucking hell this is just exactly we
don't want to see people stuck in the
middle of the road
you
fuck fat or previous is spitting out AJ
just knows how to use that it uses
handbrake so we don't crash and yeah
we're just trying to get down here this
is like the gnarliest thing ever stay
the fuck still to cars passing like this
they're trying to get around the class
and she's not helping out this is all
Isis Road it's like the dangerous thing
I've probably ever done in Kappa oh my
god all I can say is thank God we're not
coming up the hill but all we need is
for this windshield to stay in place
look at this crap and we will be sat in
goggles on driving along sliding down
hills so do we have to do do what we
have to do oh my gosh I'm on one of them
things so bad what oh shit this guy spit
out control
look at this it's just having fun this
is us can we buy these instead yes
imagine that all four of us rolled up to
the mountain we like our snowboards on
top of that yes that is so sick alright
how are we gonna do here how are we
gonna do it is it big I see portal so
here we have rally driver AJ shredding
the gnar and his car I like it is I look
so go swipe yeah right we've made it to
where we're going we just need to find a
parking space and check out our rooms I
was ready to get sick with me you want
to shit yourselves cuz it's no fun I
swear look at this Wow
little plaque out there okay we can play
some volleyball right so fucking
volleyball Alex I need some food in me
otherwise I am literally gonna fucking
pass out oh I just got the priorities
right they're not gonna freeze though
negs will do well we're gonna trick them
all like it's down man I feel like it's
Mother Nature's sign to give us an extra
night to like pie sort of thing if I'm
feeling better I think I'm gonna just
sit here and eat rice crackers all day
and hopefully I'll be fine
all right we ready we are so ready
alright wait for it do a kiss could be
bad or it can become do that
nothing bad go go go go go yay neo go go
go got the key wait this is worse than
snow it's just so much slush oh it's so
thick
oh okay go go go sighs shit this is
dangerous is all fuck this is such a
Tara I'm stuck every footstep I take is
a death trap where are we going ah fuck
you know like to walk in the middle of
the road man
oh well this is it fucker hey come on
let's get in what you swearing fuck yeah
oh is it open
oh my days look at this just thanks for
the soup was great this looks tasty but
that's the salad AJ that is a salad
seriously yeah that's a smile just like
entire lettuce on it that's it I got
some chicken it's called a wedge salad
also I'm actually really stoked about
this meal because there's rice in it so
that's good for me that soup is probably
really bad out there the more I think
about it probably a better day however
this chicken should be perfect for me
energy please I can't just be snow
everywhere this slush is a trap but be a
fucking soap from soaked we finished
dinner so far managed to keep it down
hopefully it stays that way and I can
just enjoy the rest of my night at court
yeah the night's still young we're going
to the brewery Roy may California is
absolutely destroyed right now all the
highways of flooding and everything what
dude are you sure you're gonna be able
to even if we get down the hill the cars
gonna instantly flood the tunnel
oh hey whatever tires hey go hey don't
worry we don't need snow chains it's
fine it's fine
hey Jay how you holding up man oh we
might die I think this is more deadly
than the fucking the road every foot
gets every step you take you foot SIG's
into the into the snow
oh my god my feet are soaking wet okay
this is a shit show now we've got to try
and cross this but look at this it's
awful this wall goes up to your fucking
ankles oh my god
we're gonna have to cross we have to
find a way right I'm gonna go first so
oh my lord it is actually - temperatures
out here and look at my feet
absolutely drenched oh my god I cannot
wait to get this hotel room the Heat are
better be working just trying to drive
in this country is difficult trying to
walk in this country is difficult if you
live in California it is not all
sunshine this is what you call squad me
now let's share a bed for the night are
you comfortable with that I hope I don't
shit on your throw up on you just
interesting just just for the record Jen
are you feeling great yeah he's still
dying of a neck rush or something yes
I'm sorry
an angel there is soul a kind of party
yeah we're watching Bob's Burgers oh my
god um it's not looking too good out
there guys just saying how you feel AJ
yeah okay okay well we're not going out
getting drunk on all crazy right now
Rogers relaxing for the night and
preparing for our journey tomorrow so
Alex good night my good night Jen could
I AJ can IH a there we go
oh yeah and we go to bed now guys and
trying to blow this vlog net in this
hotel is terrible so if the vlog was
light is because of that so wishes look
on our journey home tomorrow if you do
make it home otherwise we're gonna be up
in the cabins for another day hopefully
we all don't get so thanks for watching
thank you for understanding yesterday's
welcome you're being really ill as well
really appreciate the support there so
much love Patti else
