okay well this morning is being
interesting I'm basically walking around
the house naked because I didn't think
anyone was in I'm not naked but I walked
up the stairs I did I heard footsteps
with like dress shoes this and then he
was a guy in like a business suit I was
like I don't know him and also there was
a woman I was like she a report or
something so I just I paused they didn't
see me walk backwards and escaped
upstairs start to my day
this is explain yourself
did you set it back right no that's what
I'm gonna do it yeah we're gonna set it
back up for our podcast well I'll tell
you all I was like who did it but I
stole yours in the comments people said
I stole yours so I'll do it but now I
know who it was
well I all I know I was gonna like that
kind of slip do you think you would've
done it Oh put it back what I mean dude
stop vlogging man why you calling
anymore dude me up you're getting there
hey fix my settle on good made a deal he
doesn't have to my father I'm gonna get
him so good don't tell me you did she's
very wrong
hey need a cheeseburger he's a
cheeseburger why does he need a
cheeseburger hit his house oh god no
it's like he doesn't need a cheeseburger
and I want them shoes you want these I
Oh what about these I think yours as
well they're yours
damn I like these up to cows hazard I
hope target ones imma try these Anka
besides you owe
perfect kill him explain yourself look
dude I I lived it came back yeah I
thought I got robbed
full on got robbed I thought someone
came through the back door and chose to
just hook up this setup because they
knew it was mine I was like no fucking
way you know what do this together did
say though like this did you guys buy
this table yeah alright so this is their
table for their podcast I borrowed it
for myself so they only simply just
borrowed it back with style what though
I think it's I think it's only fair that
I pour episode 2 of the fly cast in
today's in today's vlog so if you guys
want to see the pod
that they did this out so thank you for
lending me your desk
thank you for help returning it so in
return everyone gonna check out the
podcast yeah thank you there you go
teamwork and I even took it off kind of
get nicely so I just it just slips right
back in uh okay back
even the webcam still on man yeah wait a
minute I thought this through we need to
get hitch this book this motherfucker
can't escape pepp punishment free oh god
damn it thirty back to normal yeah I
don't know what you're talking about
it's been like this yeah we stopped give
me like a shot I think it's this fucking
shit everything I touch I get an
electric shock off alright anyway this
is now setup I can play some hitch ones
do you want thanks brother have now
gotta plan some sort of vengeance on
hitch uh for copying out of fixing this
help you know what you did man fresh
shoes freshers hmm dude the freshest
you're taking credit freshers here dude
what about these what is it eight
zippers what it's for oh god I can't
show you it even though I'd love to but
you know a respective respect the rules
this is a crimson car which looked
amazing
I'm going to give it a little scripture
okay oh my god there's a fire
extinguisher in here don't you see all
right man it's good to see you cabin
five all trimmed out do we have a full
squad going out for dinner right now so
fucking convoy this is a combo you're
gonna smoke them all that though cuz
you'll do the speed limit I would but I
don't know where we're going
look cease ceases no cement here we are
that's the one I still don't know oh
okay this caught me off guard I was like
what is this
oh that is never seen that before in a
car I know I would have thought this
would have seemed like fun - carbon
fiber ones I'm going there was can you
pull up what nice right bro
alright where are we going I'm following
you guys I don't know you guys true man
he got a manual ceiling where they make
this car really yeah AHA gt4 I think I
think only like under 4,000 or made
Tuggy
dude I was looking this way and I just
look forward and as your fucking gnome
in my rows guy just this guy just bought
Oh God now we're good we don't even hear
this Oh crimson you're a good guy thanks
for letting me film it look at this oh
my days upgrade that's an upgrade you
went from a BMW m4 BMW m4 highly
modified High Line 95 we returning up
voice we turn it up I hate old looking
Porsches I hate them absolutely despise
them I think it's like a poorly
unfinished car but this this is just
crazy
this is just crazy I love it man hey
playing video games man so much better
name for beautiful some crispy tacos but
oh my you didn't fuck I don't fuck that
looks incredible what else you get
I've got more coming as well I've never
got more crispy tacos coming that looks
I don't like to look at that
I've pretty too many leaves on that no
no no no no whoa
you don't like enchiladas now dude just
like Chipotle just like soggy bread
they're so good yeah this is mine is my
jam all right yeah
wait I'm gonna go for it I'm gonna put
that for you back down there why is this
shorty curly that's not mine how could
my hair made over there it's definitely
definitely not ginger that's a show that
was my last but me versus optic Cena's
oh I've stayed at your house all right
so this is gonna be at how much is the
bill 120 120 but I'm paying for
everyone's food if it lands on me come
on this is actually pretty intense Mon
Mack wait Laura I decided to go shopping
with my other favorite ginger and spring
exact we are likes always Lex always
drives me here to get shopping cause you
guys are always dreaming he is right
there you go yeah listen thank you
she's got talent because she can make
people look like anything we pain and
what do you do I call do professionally
yeah yeah yeah
yes found in this county yeah so yeah
Ross death and they had absolutely
nothing and were probably gonna miss our
rubra no we're fine never fine we're
gonna come on them you soon
for fun yet they're gonna go back to the
arctic house and then I don't what I'm
doing for the rest of the day I think
I'm just dreaming h1z1 sir I think this
will look really good on you like Seth
yeah I make a man really happy oh yeah
you would I love a scale of 1 to 10 how
good do I look with this outfit you're
out yeah mine's pretty fresh dude what
which is fresher I look like Rocky
Balboa it's the shoes every 2017 edition
shoe D sign all right
the setup is pretty much back to normal
I don't think there's anything that I'm
missing right now you know just got
plugging my headphones I'm good to go oh
wait there's one thing missing could I
forget this of course there we go we're
ready to rock and roll by the way if you
guys are like oh my god is he actually
play an infinite warfare know what I'm
doing is I'm putting I'm putting this
this is what I'm using this game for I
put that there
then I put my laptop on top of it so it
gets enough oxygen underneath it so it
doesn't overhear anything so but I'll
just start live streaming and I heard
the notification saying someone's
subscribed to me on Twitter I'm like wah
wah wah wah what
Swanage on twitch has been subscribed
for 38 months that me that might
actually be the longest subscription
ever I could actually I got to film like
that and talk to the webcam that might
be the longest subscription ever Hey
stiva thank you very much to subscribe
subscribed it as well he says watch but
deviation for 25 months as well day so
I'm trying to live streaming here but
the problem is me and frosty over here
are using the same Wi-Fi so we can't
both stream at the same time so I'm
dropping loads of frames so I'm gonna go
try and find out the hitch what we can
do to be able to stream at the same time
man I tell you what this is really odd
but my sister and Cal see this more than
anyone but when they see me playing
video games because it's always in the
vlog and they watch the vlogs
they're always good to see if at gaming
again are you're going to post videos on
your main channel and the answer is yes
because like you know I was going to
like do the zombie stuff which do you
want to do but I don't always just want
to make some B's content on a gaming
channel so h1z1 right now is like the
absolute best it's so much fun it's so
fucking entertaining and so I'm doing
like highlights of just playing I'm like
the clip it's all at 30 second 30 second
30 second videos is that one of my
favorite ways to do video
and I've got a really really good video
in the work so I cannot wait to post it
once it's ready and he'd like three more
minutes with the footage and he's ready
whoa what the hell is going on it's so
foggy outside or misty or whatever you
wanna call it but oh this is spooky
this is my uber driver this is the one
thing about Chicago everywhere I go
there's always a cop pulling someone
over always looks spooky as hell in his
weather as well yeah this is just stupid
oh look at this almost like a Vinny once
before this is only a little appetizer
I'm having here but Oh shrimp or prawns
whatever wrapped in bacon
only in America oh my god these are on
fire this is so fucking spicy I can't
eat this meal Chicago there is so many
police oh the optic guys are all going
off to Atlanta as soon and they're gonna
leave me behind because I'm going back
to England so I'm getting suppliers yeah
okay the tissues fo blowing my nose
Frosty's for the cereal and milk for the
cereal I mean Frosty's for the morning
that goes out a date on the 18th its
goes out on the 22nd I'll take that
thank you sweet dollar supplies I need
but look at this the dude perfect guys
have their own toys in store that is
amazing oh my god I'm so proud of them
YouTube is a pom so goddamn far hey damn
yeah this brothers man just drive safe
man take your time drive safe and we'll
get there when we get there
OOP it is thundering and lightning like
crazy this lightning is insane all of a
sudden is just like a flash flood in
Chicago right now and we're driving
along anyway how fast you need to get to
your destination I was like woman no
rush and then he said oh I don't know if
you've noticed but the car swerving
because I don't have enough air in my
tires and I looked and we're like this
like a snake I was like yeah you go
ahead and put some air in your tires as
we were driving along we hit a big
massive puddle of water and we basically
a complained it's the point where the
entire vehicle went sideways and we
nearly smashed into another car on the
other side of the road so that was
pretty intense
is anyone awake no I'm not sure everyone
is probably in bed anyway time for me to
get dry maybe play some haitch ones you
want and then go to bed or does this is
it my first ever hitch ones that you
want to highlight video getting ready to
go my youtube channel happy with it
content with it satisfied with it but
what I'm not satisfied with is the fact
that it's nearly a six o'clock good
morning another one just finished I'd
now love to say oh I get to get in bed
and fall asleep and it's gonna be all
great uh nope I now need to have the
pleasure of edit in the vlog which I
still haven't done uploading that before
I can even go to sleep and then I can
get some rest so is everyone in here
asleep I think they huh let's take a
look yep ah I don't thank you all for
watching make sure you leave a like and
subscribe and whenever this gaming video
goes live I don't know if it will be
today or tomorrow or something whatever
it does I'll make sure to link it so if
you guys wanna show some love and
support by dropping a like rating on it
and share in the video I really don't
know what is that oh it's a race play I
really appreciate that so until tomorrow
thanks for watching and I do
