time to start yeah
it's cold outside this goood is who dis
who dis right here oh it's pretty nice
no way dantdm sure oh they were some
weird-looking shoes until I walked over
here and thought this was a joke what
the heck is this
this is gonna seem really weird but
since I've been in Chicago the sky the
sky the air is really dry and my skin
feels like crap so um yeah wait stop
talking Alexis did skin curse so when I
told her that I'm just getting stressed
out my skin being so dry and stuff she
was like listen we're gonna do this I
was okay
so I'm super doing to mess what yeah ooh
so no joke on Super Bowl Sunday rather
than kicking back watching the game with
the guys I did decided to do this I love
anything that revolves around like going
get a massage or face masks or anything
like that and if anyone in the comments
wants to judge me I've got a blue face
you can judge me on your one who Oliver
the Snowman he said hi Alex thank you
quick
yeah yep 20 minutes later all right
this should peel off apparently yeah you
guys don't know I'm actually signing up
for the Blue Man Group yeah let's hope
it doesn't take any of his hair oh oh
can you do it in one I could try
I believe in you I tried doing it on
mine too to get it off in one oh please
it doesn't even hurt doesn't hurt just
feels alt well my face be red um it
might be a little dependable division
look how many wrinkles I got do that I'm
trying to get it off in one oh my god
you'll have a copy of my face this is so
strange
well I'm not keeping it every word well
no I can put it on like my wall or
something I can like send it to my mom
like look me mom no one watches the
vlogs mom I'm gonna send you this that
would be
her show watch your eyeball yeah a
little bit of my face flopping and flop
it over here I know because you wanted
to get it off and one day yeah all right
by the way this ah ah shit
try going hums away this is what this is
what friends are for
I earned it this is absolutely what
friends are for
oh oh my god I've got to do this with
Marge as well and sir
satyrs sets my favorite ginger that's
very well you my second Jamaica so
Chicago friend are you gonna buy the
mask or you want me to come over and
give her brief oh my god should let's
get green ones Oh
oh my god get optic green masks and I
got to think if they make green oh yeah
cucumber mask I'm hoping that this is
the most sighs wait listen to this hunt
listen oh my god this is some ASMR I'm
not gonna get it off in one even then
you know that's not all heroes wear
capes dog this is the weirdest vlog I've
ever done guys cuz I've been like kind
of kind of hungover all day this is
basically the content of today's work I
hope you guys are enjoying it Oh
so apart from is another game is not
that I was expected not to look if you
see no you seen the clip from Dwight
from the office where he has like the
doll face on his I know I was expecting
it to about that look sorry mother time
it failed you love you mom
yo we're about to do another face mattes
could not do the full thing but this is
mag natural magnet
you put this magnet on your face to
remove it Wow let's do this and here we
go cold this is me we're just gonna do
my nose well yeah I've seen this in
videos on YouTube before and he's really
weird so you have to like let it set um
yeah I'll set for 10 minutes we're only
doing your nose though because like you
can layer masks but you don't want to
like I don't want to make your skin so
I've just noticed I have two weird
really looking nostrils yes you the
hell's going on I'm 23 years old and
I've only just realized mom what the
hell went wrong he may not be the hero
we wanted but black nose guy was great
great nose man mm-hmm I get right to get
your mind blown go watch ready hang on I
can't oh oh I can't see my legs huh
mister that go I know I can't see from
this watch oh this feels so weird I know
doesn't it oh my god you're technically
supposed to put like a tissue over the
man oh so like collects it but that's
easy this is incredible Casey yeah sorry
guys this is the weirdest footage ever
whoa is it dry like is it hard dry oh no
more free so this is pulling all the
crap out my nose on my paws supposedly
supposedly
this stuff's expensive as well yeah it
is strange watch this
well that is the weirdest weirdest
feeling yeah you can see you have to get
close enough to oh I feel like I'm
raising my skin whoa
that's mad look oh oh look zoom in that
yeah you see if I can zoom then I know
how to film thank you very much easier
plopping
oh this is one of the most odd
experiences I've ever done any school
I'm not even touching it
right
that's not trying to figure out there's
something in the mix you get like a like
a really zoom in focus on the detail of
that yeah from there to there that is
kind of weird yeah ah ha ha ha how you
feeling you're feeling good really do
you see the vlog do you remember passing
out on the stairs
Myanmar's carrying you to bed we carried
you we pick a cunt filming but I picked
you up by your legs to magic up you by
the hands and we put you in bed ever it
in a way
what no I don't really talk dude I feel
like absolute I'm gonna try and show my
reflection potat dude I can't leave
you've eaten all of my dogs I would have
I would have taken all of it off you I'm
so hungry
half past 4:00 in the morning and I just
finished watching a film with flame sod
with Jordan loved it that's not God and
Jordan Jordan was it was it on a bronze
it about a guy who's addicted to fapping
okay then so you guys know myself and
it's basically gone I honestly feel like
I've been robbed I feel like I've walked
into my house and my house has been
burgled the entire setup has been taken
apart and left like this I know it's not
my house bought a house has been robbed
I would have thought it would have been
put back together maybe this is a shame
I only left for a few hours someone
broke in and destroyed it this fucking
sucks
I gotta redo it all hmmm yeah I'm not no
ladies and gentlemen I'm going to sleep
and hopefully wake up in the morning
feeling nice and recovered and I guess
we're going to spend another day doing
setups and shit because I am now back to
square one of my established optic
gaming setup whoever did this I'm going
to find you I'm going to kill you and
you will pay for this payback is coming
it is
I'm gonna thank you guys for watching
make sure you leave a light green
subscribe I might give away some set
styles sexy hair Ono's oh and yeah
hungover bed so much luck to your faces
I'll catch you guys tomorrow for the
next daily vlog adios much love and
prepare for wha well well well I found
who I need to get payback on you
bastards well seems only fair
