oh this is the greatest way to start
Monday I broke my droid on next stop
Hong Kong whoa Hong Kong looks just like
Los Angeles right I'm waiting for my
ticket wait where am I again
I'm waiting for my uber go and get my
haircut and starting my day ciao boom
just like that hairs cool actually
really like that I think she did a good
job I'm not outside in the light yet but
as of right now
pretty good that is a beautiful vehicle
hope it's not a chevy impala or am i
just completely wrong damn look at that
this is sick record players oh man I've
never really been into like old music
like this but I would what what I would
be just for how cool it is to go
shopping for them look how big the place
is oh that is oh gee as hell hoping that
Louise of my visitors opens I looked
online and the menu is pretty goddamn
sick and the survey says it is closed
ah the return of the great wall of dicks
strolling on down now to 3bd hopefully
everyone's in I can't see why they
wouldn't be well actually Luke's not in
and Angela's in front I'm swinging by
seeing what's going down and if he's got
any food in the fridge because I am
behind the scenes hey you better be
excited here what's going on my friend
got you better be excited I don't have
your camera you're in it now yeah look
at this can we zoom out and see the
entire the model AE Wildcat looking nice
and fresh that is sick so sick Chris yes
you tell me yeah how do you think this
is a good idea for me to take protein
plus five-hour energy X Factor extra
strength yeah five five days fuck you
hey you drink it now I give you $5 if
you drink it out dude that's like $1 per
hour
John heck got my hair cut Chris DM
there's a nice hour seven flippin heck
hey you know you don't like being in the
vlog I'm going you in the vlogger yes no
he's brought me oh wait you know this is
how hipster LA is they don't even smell
like Earth disbelief Oh
Oh what is that what is that is it is
that to be represent the earth if they
just cut this out some grass or some
shit what does oh yeah green tea
tiramisu no it still doesn't make it
sound good
go for a vanilla milkshake and of course
cuz Marwan is a hipster he's gonna go
for a boba drink isn't that right Hey
look at that you're in the vlog again
it's like a quad into an opera house all
these hipsters this one right here as
well look at ya yeah go on what did you
get your boba coffee estimate your big
wars if he secretly loves it I wanna get
some cameras like I look good I'm not
you look popular oh my God look at this
but this is a milkshake
oh my ones prepping his balls in a
milkshake that's what that is
a mine
this is the most intense music to drink
a milkshake to ever but this is so good
nom-nom-nom chicken quesadilla oh look
at that now they're playing Italian
music is relieving I don't even know
anyway EFT really random spot but really
good good recommendation man you did
good
join us say goodbye to the vlog is this
this is the last time I'll throw you in
it so you don't have to feel bad it's
like thank goodness would you look at
that this is a Jaguar wait is this the
same one I bought my granddad nah wait
is an X E is it an X 8 oh there's
another jag you were what the hell I was
an XF I got my go to the max II got this
from this to this and only a matter of
yours Venice so at 3 B D we now have a
3d printer check this out whoa I want to
try and set oh that's pretty cool I want
to try and see if we can print out my
character model I'm gonna go and ask is
why Morgan day can we print out my
character Nikon pickup tomorrow possibly
run a test because I okay run diagnostic
on this fully yeah this machine cost
about $3,000 and to print out this
little dude cost about $10 oh man so we
worked out as well
so this is just like a standard printout
of the characters too like this but
we're going to print out me so you like
going with this so obviously it's not
going to be ready today but in the
future I'll make sure I find it off this
guy we're trusting you all right we're
trusting you yeah Chris you're fired
obviously and companies go crispy
shocked not what Junior
leave leave a comment saying if you want
Chris honor at the company and then
you're gonna have to leave the comments
everyone's gonna be like everybody hates
chris Oh because I'm black
yeah cuz your watch yes it's cuz you're
black crazy mother's coming up you can't
use my own statement against ya
watch what I'm gonna do you guys took me
nah fuck it was a threat caught on
camera by the way so you'll be saying
hello to the motherfucking law what what
okay go ahead
okay yeah Chris what are those they
terrorizes shoes
no God no he's a Kobe wait is it that
not terrorizes logo it looks like you so
terrorizing action wait
actually it still is logo oh my gosh
long time no stay how you doing I'm good
all right I have to throw you in the
vlog because you are the story of our
the story of Alan since we've last seen
him has got a scuba diver license
correct
is it deep-sea diving license oh yeah oh
yeah water Oh a license here that okay
and it went in hikes Machu Picchu yeah
for they okay they for they campaign
meanwhile I just say we shouldn't do
that everyone everyone shouldn't do that
hey tell everybody what so my God why on
one yesterday and today what he was us
yesterday
what's the documentary of what tell us
what was the roots no don't don't worry
riffs isn't angry no one knows it's you
know and it's about black Americans and
slavery because right going dicted like
what I'm okay we didn't want to keep
Ricky dopey before what else is you want
brush what Fresh Prince of what Bella
I'm correct Wow but this seriously watch
roots he's like I feel I feel like I'm
covered with this and now I'm gonna
watch me do it the counselor I try to
make it once George Lopez but hey I was
right listen I'm trying to say that what
white shirt of a different celebrations
at this company to stop
helping you to be business everybody
everybody okay little Krish it's a
melting pot you got white people I feel
agents we're good we got we got y'all
right Chris tell me what do you actually
do this company apart from sitting here
no close this down oh that's even better
$100,000 music sheet went horribly wrong
yeah well I'm wrong with it you didn't
see this no young thug yeah course I
can't just watch someone else's video on
camera summarize it oh sorry that's true
so pretty much this guy young thug yeah
they were making a music video yeah and
the guy that was you know producing it
yeah but showed up to the video he got
there one time yeah and he said he
wanted cars but tiny cars yeah and you
want to have a lot of oh wait okay okay
so our young Tigers coming he pulls up
so many hacks is into the gram means
like I can't come to the video shoot
young thug said this and then he sends
video clips of him eating Cheetos to put
in okay I want to see this let's show me
to show me a little clip show me a
little clip is that a real cat what what
oh that's sick voices there's really
cool watches good 20 of them bitches a
lot of junk luggage that is sick such a
fan of that music video that you even
left a comment you said yo sickest vid
ever bruv dem bitches be trippin dem
bitches be poppin hope my baby mama
don't see this comment peace out
Chris catch more clock once that this is
totally Chris's hand controlling post oh
yes my and comment added boom Chris
Clark I'm pretty sure this is my book
yeah I think this is Tom's Dana yeah
thank you for sending me this Casper but
I have one in the UK and in America so
this one can be read for the office just
in case Luke Aspen's be watching this
blog thank you for letting me use your
office even though you didn't give me
permission
hey man we're friends we're family also
everyone say hello to my mom say hi mom
hi mom
I already saw your face you're already
in it no one can't stop picking your
belly button mom say hello
show your face yeah I've already put
your face in it at the start you might
as well say hello properly stop trying
to look nice you're a beauty or a
beautiful woman you look beautiful all
the time you sound like Alice oh no it's
the end of the world
no she is that she's this year's daddy
the late-night grinders are the
opposites like seven o'clock on the dot
right now we've got people still working
on dead realm you've got these guys
working on murk and me being the most
helpful person in the office but I'm
supposed to be going out for food
tonight to a really really nice like
noodle place but I found a packet of
ramen noodles like top ramen noodles so
I'm attempting to microwave myself some
of these I could have put them on the
pan which would have been smart but I'm
attempting to see if this will work so
wish me look and so far so good dollar
ramen review it gets an an eight out of
ten I'm sorry but top ramen chicken
flavor is so good
I know it's so bad people it's just so
amazing
also again Luke's thank thank you for
your office for appreciating buddy all
right it's happening right now
zach is making the new dead rail map go
live Anya making the map go live you're
doing some wizard shit if you guys have
dead realm on PC the new update is going
live right now everyone everyone asks
even me when it's going to be a full
game and there is a
and I want to say like chess it ended
them on fire boom boom and put you under
pressure here my doing ok soon soon its
give me a full finished polish game a
lot of people wondering whether it's
finished yet you know there's still more
to come if you haven't tried it yet it's
very impressive and for the record yeah
drum is my game I'm rollin through BD
just to make that claim oh my god what
is this I type in YouTube to go on
YouTube and the first thing I see is
watch 50 million dollar a year YouTube
celebrity post death while Jews video
what the fuck oh god I didn't know
actually he went ahead with this like
because I saw the drama afterwards so I
didn't see what the big deal was
but yeah they've reloaded it oh fucking
hell oh man he said I am sorry I didn't
think they would actually do it I feel
partly responsible no this is why I just
don't get involved with sure this this
is what I'm talking about I don't have
an office like Luke Angelo so this so I
stole one of the work computers and I
stole Dana's screen so thank you and I
appreciate that but I'm rocking
runescape over here and then watching
optic diesel rage his absolute tits off
what's his play my warfare must have but
look who just said hello to me though he
said runescape in the vlog best vlog
ever ie
I can't believe it's 9:27 and he was
still here this this is impressive
I respect the grind I know it's late as
hell but like all the friends are out
and the like hey we're going getting
robbed and I'm like I can't say no to
ramen so
this is exactly what I wanted I wasn't
expected to see you here
are you you you I was expected for you
you give your drinking fuck sake I'm
talking about going to bed after this
exact time with you sounds like a good
on this is gonna be the $30.00 everybody
examine today about did you where I was
going to come down by mail fatal 100 top
rock which one the beef chicken
bandulus people it was really good I
like to be I gave it up yeah yeah so
let's trust me ratings for food in
mahogany so this better be a charities
what are they what are these what are
these are these are these like these
collected editions and easier these dang
names for the prime minute enemies you
know is his name shock of it oh oh kill
them Oh God Opie leg oh uh yeah just
casually wanking of his his ankle
outside of sushi flakes and on to the
next destination I wanted to go home but
diesel says I'm gonna have a drink so
we're going out for a drink
ah the Shirley goat the the first ever
ever bar I went to in Los Angeles when I
was eighteen uh yeah that's on that ah
he knows where the fuck he is did you
know about la did you know about that
did you know about that
every person I've ever lost by doesn't
knows whoever to the cupboard yesterday
would like this fucking bullshit
trust me no one knows me name cheers
mate what is the shit chips I have no
idea I can fuck with I honestly I don't
know if I got it will blow your head off
but I can fuck I don't know is boring
beer ever Mike this is bright oh I
actually today didn't think I'd be
making it out to a ramen place so glad
we fucking did it you weren't even
invited I was okay shit climbed flat
where's my uber going oh she's whipping
it round Hey
I love you guys I love you guys a lot
from loving the homies outside the bar I
am now back in the sofa um not that I
got kicked out of bed for any particular
reason but I am actually just like I
want to just sit back watch Netflix and
chill and instead I got my I got my
quilt cover and just passed out on the
sofa so it is what it is but I'd a great
day it's just an example of like you
know you compare a day like today to the
day where I posted like the two minute
vlog where there's stuff that I do do a
lot in one day and then there's a day
where I just don't do a lot or I just
can't film a lot so you know this is the
life of Tom it is a very odd balancing
app sometimes and like that Dare posts
that vlog like 2,000 people unsubscribe
from the jugs you like this is bullshit
you're supposed to be a proper vlog and
it's just like people just don't
understand that like this is someone's
life that you subscribing to as a
YouTube channel like eight like
sometimes it's good sometimes it's bad
you know sometimes you get the happy
vlog sometimes you get the sad vlog it's
just you've got a roll with it as a
whole it's the entire experience of the
life of Tom so thank you to everyone
it's kicking around and if you're still
here and you enjoy the vlogs make sure
you click that like rate subscribe I'll
see you guys tomorrow because hopefully
I'm going to an ice hockey game again so
this should be pretty cool because we
might have box seats to it so if it goes
ahead then I'm going to be excited so
thanks for watching and I'll catch you
guys later it's now 7 a.m. I've edited
my vlog gonna upload it go back to
hadass
