see you make french toast hmm by me
how's it gone
have you already oh this one looks nice
oh this one looks really nice the wife
made breakfast and and hurry up excuse
me there's no hair in this one there's
no hair yes yes yes oh yes well better
that's satisfying
oh that's satisfying okay that might be
enough now thanks thank you thank you
that's enough thank you in that plate it
was that good washing it down with some
cloudy apple juice I'm a fan don't like
apple juice it's quite nice it belongs
to me
I just live if she's going soon she's
taking the cup with her don't do it
tours just leave it just leave him to
the family but I'm sorry postman yeah
stay with those who do you prefer more
he looked at Lydia that's definitely a
Lydia choice you've been able to open
the door all by yourself
someone's got their strength back fine I
won't drive fast and furious welcome to
swell superstore where hopefully Steve
will survive if not Steve no stop I
found you in animal form interesting
thank it's a frog where's the Frog is it
problem fucking here somewhere
hello you you I can see that frog that's
boring hat but oh my god so this is are
you looking after him then yeah
erratically it's a drink
Oh
he's dehydrated and he's not open his
eyes he's opening the little tiny bit
there he's like who's that stuff order
have you been selling lobsters for Oh a
tenner for a lobster bloody ell I think
is gonna grow big so you can't really
speak at least like grow it so I guess
they're bigger than eat it oh I hope
that's a good deal for telling Stephens
been fair - time to feed the kittens
now where's the kid Lydia's job because
there's way too much selection that I
always get the wrong one
nice well Pat's Oh Felix as good as it
looks looks like shit all right animals
fed and cleaned this one however has got
a new best friend the toy that got said
to Livia yeah he's bed you might blood
now there's no way that thing's way too
big yeah he carried it all the way
upstairs the bed to me when I was
sleeping and then today look as he likes
that there and he brought it all the way
downstairs I knew a little courageous
bugger
he's like this sponge thing of the past
Oh teddy bears yep I have tied the
balloon to Lunas tail so it's now
chasing her she doesn't seem to bother
you but I don't think she knows the
balloons actually following her I'm just
waiting for it to like take a few steps
and realize those it's talking at all
times
yeah she's that wisest thing she'll be
on me what's he doing it's a natural
lightning man and even though it's gray
outside book somebody sent me this clip
group Universal cam look out today Steve
might know funkin Fitness mm-hm
covered in cat hair usual I'm not sure
how I feel about this cuz I thought it
was a suction cup but it's not a suction
cup alright as far as I don't think it
is a suction cup bought it's sticky like
had to peel off or sticky section off it
and oh no I'll feel about sticking that
toy wins windscreen
it looks like it's pretty secure looks
like it might wobble a bit would you
know about that if I'm who's it tighted
in or something but let's see how it
works and now when I'm in the car I want
a vlog I could potentially just put it
in that every time so then be like ooh
that's good let's see what it's like
when I'm driving does it well all over
the place is it weird wobble a weird
wobble so technically I'm not driving
while it's being on the phone the
phone's being gone while I'm driving
yeah get told and you can now you can
all of will use reactions to every inch
of my body that my dad put up the kids
you said yesterday yes I need I need a
mallet now I'm coming out off the go Oh
better wibblewobble
mmm I was gonna make a montage of all
this all the noise issue I'm sorry my
comfortable drive defenders broken but
you have to deal with the TT that's
wibblewobble is you can tell by look at
the camera look at the camera
shall we it's like a sound effect board
tell I can tell before what I Drive over
that she's gonna let out a sound effect
yes it's a bit weird wobbly just have to
see how it goes I've brought a cripple
two little dots through the belly board
what
surely you asked are you back no let me
show the vlog nope not many people know
but I always broke a back and she had to
have titanium rods I've told people show
me come on come check this out this is a
scar
no no but not in a bad way yeah but like
this is an impressive scar look at that
haha is it sensitive entire box of
letters and swag phylidia vernacular
nice Lydia my friend didn't you get the
letter for you to read on the way hey I
thought the letters were gonna stop
coming apparently they keep covered
everyone loves sending her letters she
removes receiving them wait hang on let
me just put you in my mouth Alex thank
you very much for the cards let me hope
for mine let me open well let me up one
will win this one says anna has her own
YouTube account she replies to the
comments well I'm doing such a bad job
of getting into this card but I went
through the back I went through the back
I'm still not in it yet it says get well
soon get all soon get well soon get well
soon well soon get well soon - Lydia
hope you're feeling much better
very sorry I'll very soon
get well soon what's up love from Karen
Hanna Liam and Liam Boyd oh it's very
nice from Arkansas USA Lua like Cola
like what would you say she's a teacher
I'm just sit I'm going to go to know
photophobia thank you so much to Ryan
and this one says my name on it T Thank
You Allison Chantal oh no that's so mean
but I realized we think it's Lewis like
kirua thank you so much they make me
smile so
every little thing is gone again
but I did do it we slowly approach the
destination the Slough is walking ever
so slow Yoshimi 100 no sushi here we
come and have to wait like 15 hours for
a seat but you won't reveal it to yo
social it's time to get fat but another
hot but you blow up into your sushi
before let me explain yes you can't just
order off the menu specifically what you
want to get fresh there and then oh the
whole exciting point opens your sushi is
this conveyor belt every single little
fish tray is a certain core which means
a certain price green is to find 25 blue
is too funny
purple is 3.8 here orange is fourth on
pink is four five seven point great is -
40 and yellow dish 625 so you might be
like oh it's a lot of money per dish but
it certainly quickly adds up a song
saying so it's time to feast Tinga dish
with I don't know what this is but I'm
just gonna go for it I almost want to
say it's tuna but I could be wrong and
now my lady we feast catch the chicken
very nice but a nice my soy sauce red
that's very nice
this one is chicken chicken collage and
then this one is popcorn shrimp excuse
me
popcorn shrimp amazing this
chicken courage one better man and he
was putting up for bump meat that was
five-pound 44 top Jesus Christ huh I
didn't mean to goo what up I've goofed
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry yo sushi
goofed right so out of ten they're katsu
chicken I'm giving it a known okay out
of ten the chicken garage three yeah
I'll give it to actually taste it off
and popcon chicken nine I agree also a
nine but got 20 seconds on the clock now
to work out how much it is Go Go Go Go
come on Pig two pigs an orange a yellow
and a great go go go go go go go go
you've got five seconds left
oh she's summed it up alright then
that's fine now and the survey says
did you actually add it up properly get
this right your pain how easy you're not
I didn't agree there god damn it or
cheapskates Oh what now you've had more
time to calculate the map Hey five quid
what twelve on fifty each one of your
mouths
I hope you know how much it is ever do
the math how many works out not telling
you you'll find out until 24 pounds 24
and 124 found what you found 18 yet
truly a jam emoji it is that isn't that
is a BM BM ah that's not a bloody emoji
it's a BM BM chocolate-covered REO boom
gorgeous day for quit
how are you so far off yeah I actually
never knew they'd put a temperance
service charge on it ever
I always just pay and then I thought it
was optional detective there's a there's
a tiny little sign that says like 10% is
added on but on your bill it's not made
obvious that that's on there until you
pay and then it says it on your receipt
so tops you know but and I'm happy to
payable
never knew that kind of sneaky if you
ask me oh yeah that's wellness VIP ooh
diamonds on it but we can do that i
watch i keep my expensive bottles on
nice balls of champagne
this i think you're just
yep you're on your own today have you
read what it says I am a magical
creature
if you touch some of my magic will wear
off pretty grand free grunt you retarded
looking horse may the 2018 mana King
competition begin I've found a winner so
far that's not as good as that one
that's the best mannequin of 2018
telling you right now and I'm gonna be
on a hunt for the good stuff
wearing a mannequin Wade mannequin
alright then
2018 is st√©phanie game not baby
mannequins that's weird
2018 new watch new me Lydia what is
Lydia oh okay she's out of the equation
that's so pretty
I really like that one right there but
then I really like that one right there
but then I really like I really like
really really like no I just like that
one right there
oh just fuck you know my it's expensive
but then the the one that I really like
they're seven thousand three hundred
twenty pounds no no no I love
Breitling's but I don't know if I'm
gonna go dropping a seven grand and a
watchman when we were in Dubai and we
saw that one watch like twenty thousand
dollars I liked it it was full of
diamonds bought it's just a bit too much
money for a watch right let me tell you
story brought my first ever brightly
from when I bought the watch I walk
straight out of the store and rather
than checking my watch to see what time
it was I checked my phone instantly and
was like sorry why I just spend that
much money on a watch I don't even
fucking use it I don't know how it
happened she's walking up like five
miles per hour she said she went into a
store and you saw me filming and walking
away she didn't go into the store I
looked for a cow - she's fucking
wandering off where's she gone she's a
Victoria's Secret saucy devil we do
enough from you either you ran off
didn't hear I turned around and then
walked into that skinny-dipped login you
weren't there I was like sorry I swear
my girlfriend was there Lydia there's
lots of naked muddling around ten out of
ten for this mannequin hey are you
looking for some sexy underwear for me
and by section where she means the
biggest most calm
under where she can find so they do they
actually sell big knickers here I don't
think they do
also known as granny knickers oh come on
a pant taste for her minecraft toys have
come easy in your teacher you see a DNA
minecraft hardcore survival pack why is
this hard Corrigan was a dog thought it
came with a random door you
that's pretty damn cute are you going
stop running away like a bloody ninja
pretty sure that a fan is bumped into
Libya and I'm just gonna film them from
a distance that is what I'm gonna assume
is happening here that this guy I heard
I didn't go oh my god and then got
talking to lady yourself I'm not too
sure you don't even know I'm here I'm
studying her play inside but they have
no idea I'm here ain't interested in how
they not spotted me yet they're giving
directions on where to go to find me and
now they've decided on where to find me
and they're gonna go walk in I'm just
gonna stand here and keep filming yeah
it looked she's playing where I am yeah
I've been watching you the entire time I
was like I was like who's talking to
Lydia and then I saw her give directions
of where to 5mu I thought you were
flirting it was another man and I was
about to body wall of him even though
he's taller and he's got a girlfriend
that was so nice
I was watching his rages about it it was
just stood there watching your film in
it was like what they're doing
I didn't know I just heard someone I
didn't where you were
hey this one got oh my god and I turned
to the side and he was there but he was
very nice he says that he started
watching the vlogs his girlfriend said
yeah but he used to watch all my vlogs
on his own and then his girlfriend nose
used to walk in and see them and then
she ended up just getting used to
watching them and now she watches them
without him because she's so eager to
watch them instead of waiting we've got
a worldwide audience babe and it is
crazy I love you all thank you saying
hello I'd like to reveal my final form
oh this is swag master just covered in
wires though so ignore that what is it
sure the price on no it isn't just
security that I found even more
Breitling's oh look at this I've never
seen you in a watch shop or everything I
can to get it out to turn it around
there's it it's a built-in mirror in
there so you can see behind it genius
this is literally heaven hey you don't
want one you don't want one me oh yes we
kiss cell-fate this is heaven to me hell
hell god damn yes what why yeah I'm
gonna get Lydia's sister some perfume
from Joomla and if I know her sister she
likes the Bernard and audre nary an
ordinary is that word flavours sense
smells what would she pay I reckon your
sister is going to be an English Oh and
ready oh dude that was get about man if
she's not that she's definitely gonna be
a wood sage and c-spot seriously did I
pick the exact one she'd won I know you
see I know you family yes we'll take her
we'll take a little ahsoka record please
can I ask you a question how many of
these syringe a pound candles yourself
really how many come with how many a
week
three
women love their candles left nobody
nobody tell Tom McCallum that I'm trying
on a pair jeans that accidentally turned
out to be skinny jeans they they're
skinny jeans
no they go they are not strange they go
from big to tight and it's not the same
work there that is they're like dem ones
usually are so much richtung the
drainpipes you know I actually like
these I might take them Jesus so much
you like midget you like it cuz it shows
my thumb shows my buttocks and look at
that nice tight ass bit tight these ones
the tightly Lutz could you be see thou
admit wearing do you think they see me
no wait wait that way they're way too
revealing no no no no no I'm now the
proud owner of a pair of non bootcut
jeans Naaman your bootcut jeans no
joking these are really nice I actually
like these rather than feeling get my
gear anything I like them like them a
lot you know what I'm buying them I got
these new G done oh my god they're so
flexible
yeah probably turns out for the entire
time everyone's been talking about boot
cuts I don't actually our boot coasters
so just considered slim are straight
jeans in America but over here the wider
where as I walked into the trap set and
then ins like yeah well these ones is
like we don't do these ones they're
Americans like ya know but basically it
gave me slimmest jeans stop the maze M&S
food hall then you'll need some dinner
so let's get it when I eat I just eat
for myself
I don't really think about other people
now I'm a girlfriend after 10 months I
now have to think about her I know it's
not cooking but she likes ready meals so
I absolutely filled my bus giving ready
meals she loves them she made me go in
for him so guess what she's having
I only meant to pop in to get a warrant
therapy one ready meal I got like 20
cost me 40 quid
expensive amount of food you know what I
bought already Mills for her I didn't
actually buy myself one so basically
she's eating alone no yeah I didn't
think about that but just don't tell her
yeah what is this I think cats broke
yeah actually okay
I'm chaining serious right now you okay
so pretty
are you being given your sleep then we
woke him up oh oh there you go I was
sitting on it
slow down what is it the Get Well recipe
where these are each called cuddling
catches the recipe isn't it noona
balloon what is going on what is it
oh let's Pisces up Rome no idea he's
from well it says Lydia if you pronounce
my surname correctly in the rep left in
the last card I'll send over a big
promise
oh it's that guy we can't pronounce Mila
Mila yeah that guy yeah nailed it nailed
it Nathan Scott I've been give some
advice for YouTube the the about the
advice would be consistency is key so
upload him very regularly is very very
very important I have to stress that but
just be you be unique be yourself and
don't try and be like another youtubers
and you can enjoy their Styles amah but
the more unique you are to yourself then
you're something new and something fresh
there are new audience to enjoy so just
be you be consistent you know why
because it anyway doesn't get anywhere
but you know what if it does it does
more hungry cuz I've never seen you do
that before you lose cardboard don't eat
it oh yeah that's so nice
it's such a cute little Alex thank you
very much for lat
and in fact that you called me seven
centimetres on the letter O you're my
worst friend now out of the family but I
call you six enemies always oh it isn't
all flesh oh wait is it from nuts more
jelly that's the same God okay so we'll
have the same idea and this is from the
same people no this is kind of cool let
a box took shot retro suite collection
selection we've got downstairs we don't
need this
no way oh my god as a kid I will use
pretending to cigarettes
oh sorry you just check you just check
in here Tom I'd like you to be the first
person to be told about I got new jeans
did they fit there yeah I tried
drainpipes on Tom I tried a parrot
drainpipes on wasn't it fun neither was
Lydia what's that nice my night Gadsby
likes your shoes no joke he's proper his
proper sniffing about always give up now
he was checking out the shoes wait what
oh yeah Gadsby I swear to God if you try
and start a fight with him it'll kick
your ass he did that last night yeah
actually I fight and I mean Oh Steve won
oh no oh no look now Lunas Linda's
realizes the cat okay what's mating
season when is when is when you win what
did you see have sex
whoa do you know I was thinking about
you know cats don't know that they're
related I wonder if these two about sex
I don't think they have not noticed
anything and they've been new had bought
I wonder if I'd sex up weird what I was
showing you is is my new trainers
ooh nice killem killem killem is my
other new trainers killer killer boom
and hits Thomas Allen's new trainers
see I like vulture abuse but I don't
spare plastic here but tom-toms Road man
now aren't you with the trainer's I
couldn't show you the world my name's
Steve Steve's got grip like man damn
look at him he's like man ain't falling
I was bringing back how you doing Steve
wait how's the cat oh god the cats like
what Dom it can fly it can fly I can fly
good boy
what you make fat bearded dragon i
g-guess what film she's about to make me
watch yeah
what no not romantic what she gonna make
you watch I'm gonna cry it's pretty old
and there's a few obscene ranking and
how is there a few rankings what don't
you even try knees deep
guess what film is give you a clue to do
with your career come on yep
have you seen High School Musical yeah
hey we have to control the situation the
cows or bulls both attacking speaker
right nope got you back standing by got
ya yes how the fuck did you John it
I know I know
do try to be thoughtful sometimes I just
forget cuz not be powerful how's the
selection I got ya chicken and dumpling
so chicken dumpling this and I see a
fish pie so that you to see Steve well
Steve we did that the entire time I
don't know is that oh then guess what
else I got you Charles Easter - let's
eat busted that's what Oh get yourself a
bit dragnets well right I can't remember
like right so remember like one one
owner one Zadar Tuesday I'm not cheating
I'm showing him an examples old mobile
phones used to have to take a B so we
need time you have to go a b a b c
modern modern kids don't know so i'm
trying to do high school musical so no
yes one two three
yes
yeah it's okay I nailed it slapping at
me I'm don't need it right oh you only
have the third one and the captain found
their favorite toy again laser pen look
oh my God look at him where is it he's
just so stoked by it she's like over in
the cat's bonuses she's a red light oh
maybe not she's interested yeah she's
well smart about it she's like I'll let
it come to me oh she's on it the chase
is on all right can we just stop
harassing me oh can we stop harassing me
my new jeans are I got these new jeans
on sir appreciate respected but guys I
gotta win the vlog here if you're
wondering why she's here I honestly
don't know yeah they've seen the jeans
they look the jeans wow so much room for
activities and groin shots guys in the
vlog it thank you very much watching
feeling like subscribe I'm kind of
announcing this down without announcing
it properly but I may be going through a
certain game just all I'm saying is get
ready much luck to you guys faces I'm
going live library subscribe see you
guys 6 o'clock tomorrow ding dong the
occasional and beside it make sure you
follow up the uniform yawns were at Pro
syndicate for no 2 a is below or me
tweet me to be same done it tweet me now
say do it much the bike Sally us
