7:29 in the morning yeah I'm gonna take
things nice and slow this morning just
relax taking the day and see what the
life has to throw at us
ah so maybe it's 7:30 at night I've
woken all right all right I think I'm
ready for it let's do a cure day first
question is coming in from nurse no 24
and says person ik it was the best thing
that's ever happened to you this might
be a little bit obvious but YouTube is
by far the best thing that has ever
happened to me it's given me so many
opportunities to travel to do cool shit
to just do like the most unthinkable
things I could have ever done like I've
been to Russia Serbia like in
helicopters and like all sorts of cool
shit and none of that would have been
possible if it wasn't for this platform
next question is going to be from Emma
and she says what is your favorite video
that you've ever loaded ask Tom because
you have such a good question I've got
two answers for you my favorite video
that I've ever uploaded on the syndicate
project has to be this bad boy right
here but I consider this a real life
video as well which is the Xbox god damn
one I just randomly felt like making it
it was a stupid video it got like three
million views and it's only 44 seconds
long but I'll leave a link down in the
description go and watch it it's one of
my favorites then if you want to try and
just say gaming only video it has to be
my black ops zombie the German art
clutch this will be down in the
description as well it's my favorite
like put together video it's got music
it's the first time I really I ever did
like subtitles of people talking totally
absolutely forever to make and it's an
incredible video go check it out next
question should be ready in a few
seconds and it should be from rekt by
Jane so there we go
what made you start YouTube and it's so
who inspired you well right by Jay who
inspired me to do YouTube was actually
the name of the I mighty hutch also
known as hook Shawn and also seen is
also known as Adam those guys were
making gaming videos back in the day
they were first two people to get jobs
at machinima getting a full paid salary
for making gaming videos and putting
them on the internet because at that
time you couldn't actually make videos
of your own money it was literally only
by uploading to machinima and they got a
full-time job there and I was like
there's one thing I can do in life it's
aim to be like those guys I hope you
guys like this kind of Q&A because
next question is coming from what dala
dala chicken dolla dolla dolla says ask
Tom can you block me on Twitter you can
consider that shit done yeah only I'm in
recording we'll get a goddamn nosebleed
but anyway next question is Raj pretend
this this this segment worked okay
program ask I said what is your biggest
fear and what is your biggest dream now
my biggest fear is gonna be oh isn't it
that's not a small thing
my biggest fear definitely the death of
the family member Davis because I really
do not handle like death of family
members well like I do learn to
eventually you know like it's part of
life you get on and move on with it but
like I've lost a grandma I've lost a
granddad and it's been so goddamn tough
when that happened but my family's
always been there for me but the family
who's been there for me if anything
evident happens then like my mum died my
dad died my sister died or something
like that like I'd be fucking destroyed
I honestly do not know how I got on with
like in my life like my dad's my best
friend my mum's always there to take
care of me and my sister is like the
closest family member I've ever had in
my entire life and I just I really don't
want to do without them so my biggest
fear put aside is definitely fear that's
a family member so hopefully I know it
sounds awful
I'll pass away before they do because I
do not want to have to lose those people
in my life and that's what my biggest
dream I always got told to dream big so
my biggest dream is to own lots of land
you might be like Tom why the hell'd you
want lots of London might be my dream
right this is my picture I want acres
and acres of one to be able to make my
own dirt right Rowley cause for like
cars motorbikes all that sort of stuff
my own paintball arena on the land and
just like do anything I want to do think
like Travis Pastrana's like Nitro Circus
land area that's the kind of land I want
I don't like guns
don't explosives on all sorts of shit
listen Ryan pincher I love you to pieces
but when will we see Steve okay Steve
let's go ahead and fix this better hmm
where we see Steve and what the fuck is
with the weird profile pictures well if
you ask me I don't really think there's
anything wrong with this profile picture
I think it'd look kind of good now for
this next one it's kind of strange what
is the earliest weirdest memory you
remember well Lauren it really is an odd
memory because it's my first ever dream
I remember as a kid and he went a little
bit somewhat like this I was a little
my school trip I oh my god this is that
school trip ever I'm looking so much fun
it also does like oh my god
King coconut King Kong came alone was a
row and then King Kong like at me no no
no no not a net me and all of a sudden
King Kong was a god dammit I need to
poop so King Kong when it took a shit
and then was squeezed it oh wait that's
the wrong what that's the wrong one
oh I need approval then we squeeze out
the poo I was inside the people like oh
and I searched the bottom the ocean it
and then King Kong ran off but I'm still
at the bottom the ocean like oh my god
guys help me I'm stuck inside this when
officer this girl comes long as I don't
serve your girl's a diver she cuts me
out and then she changed me from being
piece of bone in the bottom of the ocean
Ian by King Kong and that ladies and
gentlemen was a film presentation by tom
cassell age 23 of how King Kong at me
pulled me out into the sea a diver found
me cut me out and saved my life yep I
hope you guys enjoyed that one there's a
lot of fun making that this paper
absolutely everywhere but will you take
things a little bit want sirisha now
with a question from Vera Vera says what
do you usually do when things get a bit
too much like what do you do to calm
yourself
Oh Vera you're gonna get a two-part
answer for this one because what I'm
going to show you right now is my
ultimate chill-out song there it is
ladies and gentlemen this is my all-time
favorite song for kicking back and
chilling out moby porcelain
now the greatest thing to do once that
copyright when things get a bit too much
is just to try and clear your mind if
you're sat in the same room in the same
environment constantly overthinking
things and overthinking things are just
like stressing yourself out you've got
to stop that ever go out for a walk
clear your mind go out with friends you
know just do something to preoccupy
yourself because even though you might
need to focus on that situation it is
best in life to just give yourself a
break
I personally love it in the UK I'd get
in my car put some music on and drive
around I don't care about being with
anyone or do anything in particular all
I want to do is just relax
especially the exams coming up with
people right now everyone's revising
like absolutely crazy and stuff like
that they might be in a stressful point
in life with their job our family our
relationships or just anything and I got
a text nope I did not sign up to
Christian mingle comm and I don't know
whose number that is I just thought this
outta tune upset
I just thought this attitude of the next
day I'm most likely going to feel much
better about the situation I kind of
treat a bad day or bad news I'm just
gonna put my phone on silent for now as
I was saying I like to treat like a bad
day like a hangover the day I go part in
have a really really good day the next
day the most likely chance are that I'm
gonna be hungover feel like crap I'm
just like the world's against me I'm
sick of it I hate it but I always
remember that the day after that and
what I feel great I'm gonna feel
absolutely fine and that's our bad day
go sometimes you can get some really
shitty news that yet can last longer but
you've always got to know that it's
going to get better if you're at the
bottom of bottom of bottom you can
always raise up from it so try not to
always just be like it's yeah this is
the worst thing ever like just think
positive things will get better if it's
a period of time like if you're doing
something you're stuck at it for six
weeks or a month or a year of you like
once this year's over it's going to be
fine it's like school once you get
through it and grind past it you'll be
good you'll be set and you can move
forward in life god damn it don't stop
rolling so deep get okie Jones right so
next up our question is from Mac who
says what's your favorite dinosaur now
it's definitely a mix of all wait
there's water enough crap well I'm gonna
say the joke was it was a mix up between
a a raptor and Barney the Dinosaur
oh shit joke gone wrong joke on long
side note said would I'd like to give a
massive shoutout to plasma here who
tweeted at me saying that is rockin some
syndicate an original swag so good sir I
see
every single one of you rocking itself
I've now printed this up and do I have a
magnet doesn't matter you're going on my
fridge opportunity to go on my fridge
make sure you get some syndicate
regional gear links down in the
description get it now I feel like this
is gonna reduce the sales of syndicate
rigid or rather than race them well
cooky says would you rather live in the
UK or the US for the rest of your life
oh no what do you think oh I made such a
mess but page says will you do a whole
week filming slash blog in with the
camera g7x question mark that this video
gets 100,000 like grains I will use
nothing but g7x for an entire week of
vlogging you heard it I'll do it pay
just I will deliver for a whole week of
vlogging if we reach a hundred thousand
like rains with this bad boy which means
real editing and the last question hot
of the press is why you much bad at
vlogging well you can go fuck yourself
as well yeah how's that bitch I'm joking
I'm joking
Alex I actually blocked you so it made
you unfollow me so if you could please
follow me back that that'd be great man
thank you
so that ladies and gentlemen is gonna do
it for my Q&A today I had a really good
time doing this I like today I had no
plan of action whatsoever I was just
like I just want to kick back play video
games and do like a fun video like I
said in yesterday's vlog I might do a
Q&A and everyone was like like do the
Q&A you know do draw my lab or do draw
my something or like something like that
and I was a slide all right I'll try and
get creative to that and I'm glad I did
it but my kitchen is absolutely ruin
I've used all the ink in my printer like
this is the sketchiest setup and for
doing this possible but nonetheless I
think this turned out to be a really
really fun video didn't mean to do that
by the way is the board and had no idea
that the walk was going to come out
immediately I just waited it to spin as
the mixing effects and now I got all
like wet pink ink at the bottom of that
so the next wash I put on it's probably
a mess upon my clothes so I'm gonna
clean up all this tomorrow because I'm
gonna go on live stream for an hour now
if you guys did enjoy this then make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
share with your friends if you really
did enjoy that much because this is the
life of Tom we do weird stuff over here
and yeah that's pretty much just how
things going it was really fun to make a
creative video it's been a it's been a
while since that kind of like juices has
flown
two fields I usually just like get up
formally from everything that happens
and it just hands itself out instead now
my desktop is filled with barny the
dinosaur dinosaur King Kong Donald Trump
poop waves divert images just for me to
print out in full color so in tomorrow's
vlog would most likely don't replacing
the ink in my printer but also the LA
Kings actually invited me to go back to
the Staples Center to be the guest at
the LA Kings all-star game downtown so
me my boy Jeff for going downtown
tomorrow and we're going checking out
it's now five 19 in the morning and this
event is at twelve so I should probably
get to bed now and get some sleep
after I stream for maybe maybe an hour
and I'll be filming that all day so guys
I'll catch you tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next daily vlog and until then stay
awesome thank you very much for your
questions if you do want to have the
chance to ask me any questions in the
future my twitter is gonna be down in
the description make sure you drop me
your followers at pro syndicate and I'll
see you guys then so until tomorrow much
luck to you faces and it's a leo's dudes
dudettes and Godzilla's I actually meant
King Kong no Godzilla he definitely was
not in the dream
