all right all right all right I'm going
to a bad movie night tonight we're we're
watching sharknadoes like the sharknado
one two three or four so I need yes
my shark hoodie will I bump into anyone
in the escalator awkwardly in a shark
goody whoo thank God
oh it's moving out we need snacks
favorite American Crisp snack ever
Funyuns and for me she wants ginger ale
but stuff that was saving up Canada Dry
ginger ale I think yep ginger ale nice
pulled over at the sketchiest salt place
ever to get stuff but hey you know what
I got what I need I'm going hopefully
with my life tell me I did not come with
the game did I come with the get that
complete the gifts wait where the hell's
your goddamn fancy dress I came with a
fucking shot could you guys the hell is
fancy dress you go in there and shave
your hair like a mohawk do it that's the
forfeit even you are you gonna gel it
off oh no it's almost like we didn't
just walk in there and I forgot to
record oh let's go ah welcome check how
sick this gaming self is oh my lord the
three Mon a high screen self it's a
microphone is me shout out shout so the
home is booked this looks so fucking
sick this is so sick can you come around
to house my house and do mine for me
please please are these Phillips use do
these change on their phone gone change
it going here I want op degree or no
degree oh this is cool oh this is cool
whoa
are these worth it oh yeah adds ambient
I like this what is it with everyone in
Los Angeles and big speakers in the
mower
Oh beautiful
this is great it's like not even any key
junk it
I like it I like it a lot
a dude I'm getting better on ps4 cod cod
remastered so we can play Oh mo optic
upcoming for you boys
I sat on this couch and then realize
this is a limited edition there's only
five of these in the world Gears of War
sofa look the Lancers and the cogs look
at this is so sick
shouts through black go over there hell
yeah this is Minh this this is honestly
a room that I just see as goals I want
life a lie-in I want a cop in it so like
cuz listen to the sound it doesn't echo
like it does in my apartment but I don't
know if I want to find even a new place
or just carpet my my room because you
know I want to piss off the landlady
think I can do anything I want so in my
apartment but I just have to reset like
when I leave I have to like repaint the
walls if I change the color and that
sort of thing so we got a soundproof my
room we're going to get some lights in
mics I should know is I've never had a
light in the ceiling ever I just got one
and then like I said I need to get one
of these like let me turn this on I
think I've got one of these in the UK
where is it alright watch there that is
so much better to have that there one of
them huge boxes this is gold silk set up
goals this is the greatest kill ever
watch the reaction oh fuck listen I'm
gonna pull like your job I may just pull
these out these are this is from 2015
yeah oh I miss I miss Ricky so much oh
guy who could eat this is when I had
silver Hammond shell gangster show
gangster oh man this is actually about
to happen we're watching all the
sharknadoes and starters yeah yeah I
don't think we'll make it only three but
we're watching sharknado 1 it has a
one-point quarter star out of five
that's cheers yeah that is a compliment
ah this could be so bad it's not even
half a site it's actually one of the
third star
but I mean need a lot of alcohol to get
me through this yeah it was like no will
you defeat so what wait a minute is that
is that fucking pineapple pizza why have
you put mine up on a pizza
no licious you're dead to me Angela I'm
filming roots out of the people look I
can agree which is true they're also
dead to make this film is so god damn
bad it is making me cringe
I knew this was going to be a struggle
watching the sharknados but we're only
probably like 40 30 minutes into this
film and there's an hour left station we
have to see the witnessing are we about
to see the witnessing of a sharknado
saying they've not said it yet
did not set it yeah there's a tornadoes
there sharply sick well I just say the
line oh my god is it but wait it's a
shock no no the seviche film is so bad
like it gets a zero out of ten i it's
it's so bad sharknado 1 finished
0:10 absolute zero 10 awful my 10 that
Ellen was also a woman got eaten by a
shark like 100 foot in the air awesome
I'm for it okay then got eaten by the
same shark
it cuts himself out with a chainsaw and
when he steps out it goes back in and
pulls out the other woman who died for
like 45 minutes ago so out of 10 it's
the number one I'm gonna bring it back
down what good it's my number one comedy
the member will comedy in my lifetime
you sell are you're gonna give it a 10
Minnie oh all right they made a second
whoa whoa sharknado 2 got a 4 out of 5 4
stars out of 5
gee that one
what the sharknado 1 got like one star
out of five this one's got four
sharknado 2 is called sharknado 2 the
second world no face on a plane why is
this cat licking my fucking legs and why
have you get your call and an itch
Oh what are you doing little ginger cat
its a ginger pussycat was it cold
it's literally called orange car well
you guys got original as hell with that
name
oh look at it it's so comfortable Oh
anyway shop name oh shit what the hell
is sharknado 2 about I got there look at
this look at this shit were watching
right now oh no these guys are putting
up they're putting flammable liquid into
water district
hey you can't be serious what the fuck
am i watching oh there's no chainsaws in
New York it's throwing those are you
going chainsaws over the fucking sky
he's on sharknado 2 out of 10 to a to
make sharknado 2 out of 10 to head of 10
yeah I was gonna say to as well - Chuck
Nadeau - out of 10 0.2 why the hell is
Mark Cuban who follows me on Twitter
just name-dropping
why the hell without Chris Jericho wait
- Jericho oh why the heck neo isn't
Jewish Jerry Springer bottom-left yeah
wait really
that's Jerry Springer oh fuck well Chuck
Nadeau 3 let's do this no wait James
Bond in trophy shop oh oh
no reason why Mike Ruben is it he's the
President of the United States of
America oh my god I have to say team
Mike make mini we made it through the
sharknado trilogy what do we give out
attend the final sharknado I want my
life back out of ten Wow so three zeroes
I'm also going to give that a zero the
second one got zero point two and the
first one got zero so the five get
there's a fourth one really upsets me as
a human being my fucking god it was just
too much mom too much don't ever watch
the sharknado films I really really
don't advise or do if you've got a good
group of friends do what we did and do a
marathon of them don't not watch them
for the sake of watch them for for ever
I Eber has his flashing blinky lights on
for me he's waiting for me to take me
home it's like 3 o'clock in the morning
now it took us two like half two to
watch sharknado 1
sharknado 2 the shack near o3 there was
a fourth one but it wasn't on Netflix so
we couldn't all kick back and watch you
unfortunately but bloody hell I do
advise you and a group of friends
watching all the sharknados because the
fun but nonetheless
it'll take its toll on your mental state
of mind I've literally only just got
home and I'm continuing the addiction it
is 346 in the morning focus 346 to the
morning and I play some h1z1 by the way
too everybody thinks I'm getting worse
and worse at h1z1
actually I'm getting better as you can
see right here I've come second second
third fifth seventh and then ignore
there but I'm now playing if you guys
play h1z1 it goes bronze silver gold
platinum diamond and then like wherever
the highest one is royalty or something
like that but yeah I'm currently
platinum ranking so if you play I'm
getting there boys I'm getting there
oh and of course everyone wants to say
hello to the vlog hey team thanks for
watching it went from being
three o'clock in the morning two now 7
a.m. at night up in the morning again
I'm going to bed I'm not too sure what
the plans are for tomorrow on but you
know what we'll wing it and when we wind
it we swing it so I'm gonna do my outro
my balcony on a thank you very much for
watching today's vlog if you've enjoyed
it make sure you leave a like crane
subscribe and I'm sure I'll catch you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
daily vlog the air is the most unfresh
you could probably breathe in LA because
the exact hi I am is where the freeway
is there and all the pollution is like
all this dirt you can see on here that's
just all pollution from a from itself
and breathing in nothing but caffeine so
yeah this outro was completely worth it
well thank you very much for your love
and support over the vlogs and to
everyone who's been watching me stream
by the way I've been streaming nearly
every single day this week playing like
h1z1 or just anything I feel like doing
so it's been really fun to do it and I'm
seeing everyone might really enjoy me
back on Twitch starting but I'm not
saying I'm permanently back on Twitch
it's just that if you do watch my twitch
streams in the past you can tune in
through my Twitter and see when I'm live
so yeah I'm sure I'll see you guys in
the stream so until then thanks watching
and here√µs shock dude
