I am beyond late to where I need to be
right now
I should be dead now but instead I'm an
hour away hey my belt um you always like
no I blame this phone because this is my
us phone but the battery just always
dies of it it's got 50% and the battery
just died so well have never went off
this morning there's no way I'm hoping
to just come back out today this time
and these guys are here yes they're like
my little oh man I see every day look at
it what are the chances of that I can
let my house at any time I want it and
the time I leave a house these guys are
there that's just mad
I'm really hoping I've made it to the
right place possibly um this came off
the scene Barrera alright I think I
nailed that project holy fucking kill
myself well I was actually an hour late
to this I set off the town I was
supposed to be here but the way it's pan
now is no one's here yet I'm actually
the first one here
so I've even got have time to set about
grab a drink for my breakfast because
yeah I woke up at 5 o'clock today and
wait for everyone else this is how you
eat food in the sky
I've been right got you back in the blog
was just for me I get the smallest
amount left okay or is it meatballs Oh
cheers to help happiness I can't read up
success we have to say this right now
when I was sad that but I did not expect
the bill for my drink I was like
probably like six dollars I put like
seven on the side you like the dollar
tip but when it came the bill was $13
this be $13
look how much it fills up in a glass not
even not even like half a pint
disrespectful ah rolling instant rolling
in style Oh Chris hey do the vlog loves
you
d fuck it let have you got have you got
any music videos to show me grace leave
me that way oh go on
you gonna show some dancin go on go on
hit it hit it hit it hit it I'm going to
go with the story that the last person
in there took a poo why because it
smells like citrus and this is got poo
pourri so where is it is it like a
droplet you put in the toilet or
something spritz the bowl before you go
and no well no no one else will ever
know that's kind of cool much like I
would like some Alice in Wonderland shit
also whoever did the wiring at 3bd is
absolutely immaculate holy crap I'm
impressed
anyway meeting time good bye yo this is
incredible you know that 3d printing
machine where we printed Vanessa's owl
mask look at that I need like how do I
get the light like look at that whoa
that is so sick and inside is I like Ned
because this isn't the one where they
like doesn't go from the base up so they
start at the very bottom and work their
way up that is so sick this took four
and a half hours bloody
yeah yeah that statue took 10 hours yes
first this is 17 holy shit Oh check this
out this is the the update that's coming
out for dead realm we got a new
character select screen yes obviously oh
this is like not finished yet so but
it's just like an example how it's gonna
look
this is good good job man good job yeah
this is fucking sick I don't want to
play a game it's it's my vibrator quite
literally touch the sky just little buzz
the tick of that okay
never touch the tip no I'm good shit in
your ass touch it
wait wait what down yeah there's the
other tons of it 990 layers to make the
bun Oh said does he focus is it focus oh
that's that's how it builds it it goes
up from the bottom rather than like
whatever because I guess in stages of
upwards a total time of 4 hours and 46
minutes to make sure you leave a light
gray and if you want one because I'll
just come here click print now and I'll
make another one and I'll drummel it
it's called a dremel this thing is
powerful with all foot doesn't it means
paper against a lid but against wood
your shit you saw nothing no where did
you get this from really do you go often
you've never been have you got any guns
here have you got any guns in yeah oh
you have instead of having a joint you
have a deadly thing yeah and just like
that everybody's going home you might be
like Tom there's no way you filmed
enough like with Chris being racist and
all that sort of stuff and that's just
simply because we had like a an investor
meet and 3bd today so a lot of light
important talk please
everything's really good like working on
sir
culture and for dead realm I'm like
getting really involved with like the
creep of it you guys know three beauties
like my gaming company and dead Proms
the game that we made is that our game
so was here so it's just like I really
want to work on like fun game modes
inside a maps and shit so fingers
crossed we can keep doing that yeah
right there's no way these towels that
are put in here yesterday in the wash
and then they've been in the drive three
times today are still wet are they dry
no - stop I think my dryers broken at
wait a minute wait a minute ah there we
go
fixed it is this is the fourth time I've
put them in and they're not going for it
my laundry needs moving and my laundry
needs moving and my laundry needs moving
I really need to get my shit together
and do my laundry but you know what a
screw it I'm playing video games
alright gaming Salib something needs to
change
lights cameras action this gaming soap
is pretty sweet light it's exactly one
it's three screen it's all epic celsuis
it's all good but my xbox isn't plugged
in my new headset isn't plugged in my
all Weaver chroma isn't plugged in I
don't even know I'm going to use that I
just want more chrome items on my desk
my head where the hell's our headset
they're looking what my headset which is
here should be on top of this this whole
desk needs setting up my consoles over
here make no goddamn sense so let's do
this simple step 1 clear everything off
the desk clean the dust off and then
reapply the stuff where you need it
doing this in three sections or no desk
dos desk first desk and then hopefully
organize where I need everything to bake
like these wires down here just
everything is like a whole load of not
probably totally not go to my ps4 but
I'm putting Windex and glass cleaner on
this plastic section to just let polish
out and make it look all nice
or even to all these marks and make it
look shadow right oh my god
Nadia it's like a mirror all right
toilet break but it's looking good
actually not too sure which one this is
a Mamba tournament edition and I'm
replacing it with a Death Adder Elite is
this bigger all right moment of truth
which one's bigger
and this one well bigger this stuff this
one definitely bigger when did this come
out not too sure I don't know if it as a
date on it but yeah you can see I've
used this so much it's like start to get
wore down on the bottom and stuff for
this is chroma okay this is also a
chroma but I think the only thing that
like lights upon this is the mouse wheel
so I've gotta decide whether or not I
want them just the mouse wheel I want
all of it because this is chrome and
this is chrome and this is coma and I
think my new headphones wait we're in a
manner was I think as a chroma their
chroma have got to decide if I want to
go for the new Mouse which feels great
by the way that fits my hand like
perfectly I want to go for this one
which it's a little bit smaller so I'll
probably tinker around with go for them
and I'll make my decision but
everything's looking good so far got the
Xbox up here I've got it she stood
upright I was going to lay it flat on
top of the PlayStation which I still
might do because it's watch it's a
little bit wobbly and if there's an
earthquake like even a mini of quite
whilst I'm out here in LA that thing is
just gonna go yeah I've got the the 2 PC
monitor screen set up right now I do
want to go back to three but I need an
additional screen for this monitor so
like so it'll go one two three and then
another monitor for my consoles you know
let's watch them playing but this right
now is gonna be Xbox Playstation and
then this is going to be PC so if like
gaming and streaming sort of thing but
the problem is when I'm actually
streaming I prefer looking to the right
to read my chart and stuff rather than
looking to laughter you might be like
why and as stupid as it is it's
literally all about good side bad side
this when I look that way I consider my
good side because I've got like just
like spiky hair that way where when I
look at this side I've got a Catholic
thank you mum and dad I appreciate the
hair but yeah the jeans I got I got a
Catholic so this stupid thing here it
always looks like a potato
so as odd as it is I prefer this side so
like if you see me taking a photo
somewhere I'm usually a little bit
leaning this way I know it sounds odd
but if you pay attention to it you'll
notice that and that's what that's even
while I'm vlogging
you'll always see me go like this with
my hair like flicking it that way
because it's like Skoosh Skoosh you just
make it look like shappers
so that's my that's my good side that's
my bad side if you have a good side let
me know the comments or take a fault or
going good but but don't forget you're
all beautiful no matter what side and
I'm some person just like I have both
bad sighs it's like bedhead vipers well
that took a change for the difference
what
so I suppose they have massive thank you
to my wild eyes oh wow does all help
message thank thanks to my twitch chat
right now I just did some like QA and
stuff on dead realm I did that for about
two hours looking for bugs and things to
improve on everything last so that was
really really good
where did I get up to this with a setup
it's actually pretty much there like all
the compliments I need a lie honey I
need a like pretty much there to be
honest like I've got everything laid out
got my phone charger over here you know
got the speakers all set up already
they're all perfectly good to go these
are exactly where I want it I was
thinking of picking up the printer
removing this over here onto this desk
but it gets in the way of this light so
I need to do something with this light
because it just doesn't really need to
be there and as for all this I know it
definitely needs cleaning and I need to
plug this in and use this and put this
in the users and I need to trammel your
headphones so I kind of got distracted
by video games look at the hard everyone
in the chest like my my my my my my my
my my my my my my my my my
it's around about this time where I look
outside and I see this much Sun that I
realize I should probably be
what started as a fun going hanging out
with friends day 2 an office
extravaganza of organization turned into
a day of playing video games this is why
I stick to vlogging and traveling rather
than wasting my life in this room I'm
sure you guys more important to know are
they driving rather not and what fuck
I'm just gonna have to simply finish
this room tomorrow and move everything I
don't need in here into storage which
would be perfect and then fingers
crossed these towels be done in the
morning and I can just now go and have a
very oh is it broken it's not broken but
a very good night's sleep so I'm
probably gonna go to sleep now for about
six hours sort of thing but I cannot
believe that did not smash to pieces but
anyway the Sun has come up I need my get
my ass to bed and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day the
vlog of which I may be with a bunch of
people watching all the sharknadoes back
to back so that sounds absolutely
terrible so make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe and I will catch you
guys when we hit three like grains
otherwise no vlog tomorrow mm-hmm I
don't see you guys tomorrow 6 o'clock so
until then stay frosty stay sharknado
and I will catch you on the flipside I
said yes
