feel like I walked into this one like a
brick wall but woke up at 7 o'clock this
morning and lo and behold I still have
food poisoning the reason why I say I
walked into this like a brick wall is
because as you saw in yesterday's vlog I
was like eating normally I had Mexican
food it wasn't too spicy it didn't feel
like it disrupted my stomach at all but
7 o'clock I woke up I felt like absolute
crap I've been on the toilet all done
day and it's now 3 o'clock in the
afternoon and I still don't relieve my
bed look like a boom with neck hair like
this to say that all day I've not felt
well streaming a video game that is made
to make you shit yourself it's probably
not the best idea this is gonna be
unlike Twitter highlights if streamer
poops on stream anyway the music in that
car was forced upon me are we going to
sit down it was forced upon me by my
driver it was like I'm gonna put on my
tractor yeah sure and then I got on the
car and then he gave me a download to
his mixtape now this is a meal I'm
looking forward to Noah
how you doing my friend I'm sorry with a
big bright a slight he's closing his
thanks is that right gotten charted how
do my bread I'm looking forward to going
to the movies with you and with my sexy
meeting as well you're not coming you
know invited CaptainSparklez introduced
us to right now thank you for making me
feel like I know I'm gonna move in live
but this is a brand new home that got
built in LA for 250 million it looks
kind of just like notches all wrong she
was the same person that right there in
the background is a million dollar
diamond-encrusted lifer camera you've
got balls of like everything a 40-person
cinema the house is called the
billionaire it's got a six lane bowling
alley
it's got 30 million dollars worth of
cars when you buy the house all this
candy I hope I hope so intact you asking
for new to something else I'm filming
that is absolutely haunting real because
this thing doesn't flush I'm using a
candle to get confused right now because
you know there's a spoon own up to what
you did okay you when they rub the guy
put the plays and I was like what's this
my name is like oh do you weigh someone
needs to volunteer so I don't know what
thank you so much I appreciate this is a
great wait wait you got you're gonna
hold it nice peel it boa we now go back
to Jordan's house listen no glar how
tall are you 6 4 6 4 no confident about
getting in this carrier not comfortable
not at all I did I listen are you all
right going in the box I need a leg room
yeah fuck you bitch your watch this was
this always switch it is when you're
going give us a fight Rev bro boy
it's a but what is it is it the above
Jordan can't find something out map
nearly subscriber plan you're about to
get ten million yeah you're definitely
probably gonna beat me to ten million
because I I hit 10 million I know and
then they they brought me back down and
for six months I've been on nine point
nine million no you're gonna get you ten
million subscriber flat quicker than I
am you gonna beat me I already beat you
but then I got subtract is you're gonna
be late
get the fuck out jump it down and then
the friend be in him fuck this pot I'm
gonna smash it okay give us it gives an
introduction to it even though Jordans a
midget or further in the scale you get
out of it that's pretty sick man is it
got the color change lights but is it
always blue oh it does
Oh goddamn oh yeah oh I like Nova's like
it's just a fucking Lloyd what the fuck
is going on here what the fuck is this
guy doing
they're awesome you're deaf Hey
oh sorry I like your done has issues
hello
now that is a sick piece of art that's
trippy as balls are more fun enough this
is and this is Joe this is Jordans like
downstairs den I like it Jordan's got
the biggest set of speakers I want to
put my favorite song I never do is this
for children
wait is it on loud volume I'm not gonna
blast it right now come on yo face no
one chose the dance moves
chops holy shit these figures are sick
already we've already been shipped a lot
of people on tumblr yeah can we have
babies in can I have your babies in the
knesset knesset my my I like how he said
goodbye to me and Jordan but not you
Hey he bought me okay I'm gonna be just
frothing at the mouth for a fucking exit
I hope it's not like basket it's just so
ugly
oh my god it's fucking hideous I was
about to start a whole conversation
about how that's the ugliest care in the
world and then the guys walked over I
was like please don't be the owners
please don't be the owners and they were
the owners and so I was like I just said
is this your car yeah
how's this like instead I was about to
trash it I was about to be like the most
fucking disgusting car ever no thoughts
of vodka in it the most fucking ugly
thing ever
it's yeah so you can't fucking fuck it's
like $45,000 that's expensive right now
showing splitter 9:45 and we are in seat
K 20 I'm still holding the door me look
how big the screen is holy America is
just insane do you in a race here this
is the five-year old version is to make
you empty slip really you think there's
a thing will he do it for execution part
one not bad okay part two part two
that's not a it's not a real thing
that's some style down there Wow really
impressive stuff trust it I think it's
even though oh oh they've polished it
rough so you don't slide on it
you think that there's a company that
produces anterior butts just to put on
railings so that people can't slide down
them on their mind and yes Ruby
otherwise imagine telling your parents
you created based on auntie puts the
auntie but slip what would be a data of
that company and don't slip and slide no
BOTS allowed what about you I don't have
anything I'm behind I don't really plan
on venturing into this business money
well Fitz welcome to do it welcome to
don't behind a desk for one second I
have a job here I am now parting away
with my Brethren's over there it's been
a great night with a with nogal who left
unfortunately cuz you had to go he's got
flight tomorrow meaning loudly cap to
sparkles it's always good to see them to
when I'm back in town as well we always
grow over like little dinner date so
that's kind of cute took his back in
town
he's always dreaming so he never comes
out bought and took his back in town so
I'll have to get him out on the on the
dinner dates that was three always go
out on but the film was great but really
well performed honestly that might be
the best acting I've ever seen
I'm not too sure of his entire name but
the main actors split was incredible ten
out of ten active film give it about an
eight out of ten but a few story plot
shows that I'm a bit like
sure but nonetheless not just I think
the the eight out of ten doesn't really
matter but the ten out of ten acting is
the key focus so I'm gonna looking for
my uber okay I have to film this right
now because I am so goddamn confused as
to what's going on you know this room up
said like oh my floors been where my
mouse has been like wet as well and I've
always been like what the fuck is going
on no this has happened this is my
printer once that we need a flashlight
for them this is my printer okay this
was brand new because there's a cable
I've not moved it it's not going
anywhere else but that's the cable for
this that shows how new it is like I
unbox it probably the last time I was
out here but if you look at the top of
the printer it looks like he's been
taken somewhere that it's been like
spill crap all over it how is this it's
not on my desk it's not on my
playstation it's not on the floor but
it's on this what is this oh when the
hell did this happen when you hover over
a thumbnail it plays the video a little
bit what what what did this happen when
the hell did this happen this is
incredible ladies and gentlemen it has
been an awesome night hanging out with
the homies totally glad I'm feeling
better today it was in such a bad spot
when I woke up this morning I was just
like I just want to wrap up in this
badge I never leave it but look like I
just got a load more sleep I honestly
slept like
13 14 hours maybe and it was worth every
second but nonetheless ladies and
gentlemen it is now actually like half
past 4:00 in the morning so I need to go
to bed of which I'm gonna do
waking up way it means I'm going to bed
really late so I'm a little bed thank
you very much watching make sure you
leave a like rate subscribe and I
totally forgot to open that box which I
think's from raises so tomorrow's vlog
will have a look at what new products
and swag and tech and weird things razor
could have sent me so until tomorrow's
vlog I'll see you guys then make sure
the biker is subscribe and it's
