how to start a new day sat here on my
laptop for an hour and it in the vlog
I guess welcome your faces to a brand
new day because it is past midnight it's
a new dawn it's a new night time avoid
is edited now to start the render day
zero and boy oh boy do I wish I brought
my beast of a PC with me as good as this
laptop is it's not as good as my PC so
this is gonna take a while to render
well my laptop it's all gonna take it 11
minutes oh you know what laptop you good
oh I got up in the night to check my
render and it crashed at 1337 great
you've gotta be kidding me you know I
was doing my video of low cool this is
how i pipe my bug and everything well it
was how I pack my bag what if I gonna
forgot I bloody left my toiletries my
toothbrush my toothpaste my hair gel I'm
a deodorant everything I'm gonna stink
okay even though it is a new dawn and it
is a new night I need to see you guys in
the morning so let's get that day of
insomnia 62 I'm starting it off with an
amazing start I've only had like
literally three and a half hours sleep
to the point where I finally got to bed
about 3:00 a.m. I woke up at 7 and I've
got me on to get much sleep since
however I managed to get one of these
bad boys which came with a little
toothbrush and a little toothpaste
another lovely day in England oh my I
still don't even know if Brian
Terrorizer actually made it and in a
weird other thing to bring up I
mentioned some drama yesterday you guys
probably heard by now
mini lads dog passed away he may be
caught in his so many a trip short
to go back home turns out I'm not the
only one he couldn't sleep Tom and I
couldn't sleep
this guy kept sending me dick pictures
all night luckily not is but actually I
don't know if there's a better thing I
know I get a drink down me back to bed
Oh either yeah what'd you bring in Oh
Terrorizer shirts we got terrorizes here
he is
hi there those to see you okay bro now
say a massive thank you to everyone the
previous insomnia who donate into the
charity box that we've got so if you've
got like a pound or anything like that
we have a most new
on disease Bukit to donate to from the
last event obviously were 892 seventeen
was twenty two or twenty sixteen dollars
no engine quit there you go try and we
want to try and raise a thousand goodbye
now
come on I definitely forgot to vlog that
book Cal thank you very very much for
letting me use your hair gel your
deodorant your aftershave more
importantly your bed I slept on the same
floor as him so I could've just go into
my room but that's like I slept I slept
in Carlsbad and my answer these pillow
so I hope you get pinkeye you little
does that Lake bring back any memories
for me oh it does for me oh yeah this is
the great look doing that me my dad
decided to swim across you know a
million signs that say no swimming and
stuff like that cuz he's probably dead
people already let's do this I was
walking along no did I not say we were
walked along the escalator went oh wait
so quite walking along here yeah I was
like it's so quiet I wonder why I like
everyone must be there already and this
makes sense because some funds that we
saw earlier when you go in the wrong
wave was like oh yeah we know a shortcut
because we usually know a shortcut to
get to the event we didn't know it's in
a different Hall it's always in that
Hall who puts in a different Hall loud
noises yeah
can you understand why we were like yeah
well you could stop boys yeah this no
this way this way
no that way I have to be honest I don't
actually know where my boo this I don't
know if I do this I'm just gonna wander
it for it
a rare hoodie in the wild looking
walking around all right what where the
 is my butt oh is that I'm every
dude how do team all right there you go
I would find you here wouldn't I
yeah when the complete wrong way you
ready I guess I want to say hello to the
vlog real quick I got all these people
wait yes sorry for being late is that
surprised not really do you know when
we've what was that hall called Rudy fat
you know when I went off to Marine Park
we had like the afternoon tea Newsted
fancy spa this is the legend that Senate
was there water topper and he's sending
us there against our they would not
always as that he's grown up so much
your hope you went with some pretty
light extra swag and he's brought me the
Ghostbusters cap what an awesome guy
I'll be I'll be one second dogging me
booth oh my god oh so this is just a
puppy
hey no hello may these dogs about to
dive over yeah dude this looks like a
professional you know I mean you're like
a Music Award that looks like this oh my
gosh this is definitely gonna be an
activity in the blog ninja bread
I loved after filming when I go back
home but these guys made a Steve like
original clothing line awesome little
family I'm so tired forgot the shirt but
they've made a new one let's see your
back let's see your back we've made it
and the big issue out of all their
favorite blog thumbnails
what's this the reveal of the poster
this is the shirt design you've put all
their favorite what okay is smiling in
the background we've put all my favorite
thug-like vlogs together to make it off
and now I've already seen what this is
I've already seen can you hold that back
I mean this is a cat with is such a cute
little couple we met on counter-strike
she's full of well tonight I show
anymore probably in Easter Egg for the
cats how cool is that reunited with the
homies I'm Adam
every single responding a god damn was
that up
took more than me he's like because you
went to China I got your present online
what the hell's s Caligastia or is it
chopsticks
nice chopsticks with our names on it
some phylidia make sure you spell kiss
all right yeah Thomas Cassell so I'm a
twitch chat you know like I haven't like
such an amazing audience but yeah
are you Ahmad yeah you're mod yeah I'm
after I'm going to turn you into a mod
when I get home I will turn you into
wine right so what my favorite name on
twitch other it only subscribe to I know
it seems like means were the people I
look to a chat want to someone called
Shannon bread and this is Shannara
absolutely
Wow yep that's me that's me in a
nutshell what's your name again
Sean's turned up with a fight you said
aboard at first but no he's brought a
bow oh yeah
the security
really good
all right
got a deal oh well look at that official
original syndicates here that's amazing
eBay he was most acidic original copies
sausage yeah
no but the link is a Bobby though you
know what what size shirt
give them out a free shirt and by the
way for dear vlog every time someone
turns up the shirt like that you don't
get a free t-shirt all right yeah I'm
setting this this is an official shirt
that I've condemned all right it's
allowed you've won yourself appreciate
mother I've already warned you seriously
if you don't stop running people over
I'm gonna clamp your wheel swear to god
this guy I see him at every event and
all he does is run people over on
purpose last time I met him we take the
photo of me picking him up beach dance
what we're gonna do now is he's gonna
hold the bottle I'm gonna pick him up
and do that face again and they're gonna
next year put it in a frame and redo it
again over the biggest photo section
I've done yeah never disappear ladies
and gentlemen I found out that me and
Steve is eating the poster that Sam's
been working on absolutely loaded with
Easter eggs
minecraft background the cats awesome
Land Rover Defender keychain
Razer phone wristband flippy floppies
laptop Rob and cat Sam Jones and as well
as per usual what's the word that's
tradition as the tradition continues you
now have to draw something on it and
sign it for me and it's going to go with
the rest of the posters you've done I
saw some you just sound good so good
this is just so amazing I love it
we need a photo oh I mean all sorts of
people but this one's my favorite you
saucy book here at Subway we see a
syndicate original bag in the wild who
he does not know a clue should
definitely sub to Illinois absolutely
not so unlike boxes opposed as and
like that sat on the steps shown the
chair stand up and show on the chair sat
on mat and he's bringing this
and you kidding me Oh is terrorising
funded Friday is it time for take to
stage - a joke second stage of the meet
and greets are about to walk
I'm just finished my food leave
alone yeah I know
oh hi Nick is growing hair bye I'm not
even saying that in a sarcastic way like
slashing so show me under a zombie and
is Ian nice already by the way nice top
oh my goodness me that is incorrect how
long did that take
well it took me another half just to do
this call in here oh my god oh my god is
so sick
that is incredible yeah thanks guys I
don't think I'm ever gonna run out of
energy now another two liters at
lucozade and look how much I've got
already oh my god skinny Mick Armisen
called out Cal for an hour Russell
on your marks get set go yeah I think
you I think you underestimate how big
Carl actually is okay so yeah just call
Jordan out for being a wimp lose into a
now wrestling now find out it's got this
detail
yeah this hit until the end in your
cheers mate I don't know that's what it
is
life's too short maybe most of it when
you get that done whoa man my training
first of all it looks like a Viking so
it's a Viking on I definitely don't have
this one so I just said these this is
the squadron I'm not even gonna tell you
how they got here other than that this
guy's probably not the best at
organizing things I throw another but
they brought me King grooves never seen
that before but thank you very much for
this awesome bomber here yeah I'm just
like it's like no one's got any money in
the Jerry box this Jesus just dropped 20
foot in the end of insomnia oh no
awesome dig a in my life
yes my vlogger in life okay so that's
good I am definitely not swimming in
that water
you get no way never again it's so cold
it's so where these skis are worked as
well the rains gone from the Seas be
honest you can't make me so yeah awesome
day really nice to meet so many people
honestly it was a pleasure at least how
many reckon how many Jack and we went
through I tried to be as fast as
possible but respectfully have a good
amount of time talking to each person
and that's the one thing I can always
stress is please understand that there's
one of me and
can both of you so I'm trying my best
Nando's InStyle take it in a bag and go
don't wait for a table
Nando's takeaway was a really good idea
until I realized how the foods not here
but yeah my hotel room I didn't effing
know I definitely didn't put that there
I have questions yo I don't know who you
dropped this off where this has come
from but oh my god holy crap I need to
get this out of the box immediately oh
my lord
who the hell got this and dropped it I
don't see a card I don't see a card
anyway
what the heck there was legit no card no
message no nothing telling me who this
is frog but someone's dropped off leo
the lion sculpture sick someone tried to
change one hundred and forty-four
dollars to my card for a grocery shop of
like food and vegetables and cheer
obviously wasn't me I don't think I've
ever been to Pennsylvania so why don't
you just wear a jacket I think we should
run should we run all right time for the
infamous pop quiz which is about to be
absolutely nuts give me so many guys
dumb people in it I've got a feeling
he's gonna get so messy tonight this is
definitely the first time we've ever
made
based on time first-ever time we made it
on time I'm very proud of the team we're
getting there
get our table and get some drinks down
our necks here we go are you ready I
just want to make sure I get everyone in
their natural state before they get
absolutely spangled yeah we're okay oh
my god it's massive me I've
never seen it this empty before we are
way too early night has begun we're
gonna get the hat films yogscast Oh
Ripper photo photo this is the random
foot Pauline if you're watching I just
spent you guys got a daughter
apparently you watch the blogs every
night I'm really sorry the way for I try
my best
Polly oh really that's that's the guy
who drove terrorizing here this is our
map the man of the hour
it's about to say one person from each
table goes to the front look at how many
people are amazing charity seriously
reserved for syndicate so Carl you're up
quizmaster
that's that Craig is the quiz master so
yes I sign the contract get your
pen here to me why you calling okay
sorry
yeah okay so and your dad you know
 bitch
alrighty then look at hashtag drumroll
look how calm everyone is this is
everybody paying attention but it's as
soon about to go to well the actual
foot so this is now the music guessing
around there's ten songs are gonna play
and we have to we have to guess the
music for it so far with ten potato to
answer the question I hope we will
continue
this guy this guy this oh oh oh
don't make yourself immediate so hot go
turntable
oh my god these guys
okay
okay do you think we've warned everyone
hey everyone
Alex everyone India everyone okay the
 is wrong with you
let's know what it looks like I don't
know you I don't you tell
I seriously no you tell I'm not joking
Rama Rama Michigan Oh
seriously seriously
India India it is mine it's just I did
not see what you were doing then hey
don't get on camera
No
that was safe well this is how much
alcohol has been confiscated davon
respect row Kyle is like so drunk out of
his mind meeting funds has no day that
we doesn't know what day the month it is
mines night wait what's this our body
will be blasphemy
if you are consoles oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah just keep walking keep water in
that head of yours
box tonight man's got Diaz Karl is the
most savage person you'll ever meet in
your life we were going to go into the
casino and it was like mud busy and
everyone's like signing up from the
event like want to get signups yes we're
already members my guy over it just went
you good so apparently if we don't get
kicked out we're gonna get inside
straight away so this guy is the smize
for the I've ever met
this guy sure stickers out this guy's
about to kick us all out in fives that
oh yes yes this guy spawned the secret
entrance was this about are you kidding
me
dude this guy's don't chant no way are
you MA yo I'll give you someone in like
oh my god Lindsay you
monster yes yes yes I got don't steal my
egg forever
boy what no I managed to get food
quicker than nearly every single person
in the restaurant I don't even know how
that happened but is it good is he good
I feel like I'm once to get the
responsible at home
I'm not drunk hey Brian yes Lindsay
drunk
yeah he's totally sober so you can just
keep bleep she's that yet Lindsay can
completely hold her eyebrows together
places dying Brian's going to bed
everyone's going i okay goodbye farewell
I'll Vedas saying goodbye to he's not
the rest of the words I've never known
the rest of the word but and I'm sorry
okay I'm going to bed now don't burn
midnight Martin suffer to midnight
morning to you oh that's that's
slander right there guys he did not bite
your balls she be yours by Darwin oh my
god that was a okay indeed yeah did you
have a good night wait was this the best
was this the best pop quiz yet yesterday
high-five I'm literally holding my she
made out the hell of a gorge of head get
your ass today
go to bed Lindsay Lindsay just go to bed
why is this such hard work whoa that's
my way what is my sister actually doing
just cause the door you'll be fine go to
bed and it's the next day I'm hungry
bought that food that last night sobered
me up like I was really drunk we were
all really drunk but thank God I feel
great
I feel really good but today's the
busiest day so I've got to get over to
the event I've got to get me in everyone
I'm gonna leave my laptop here and hope
it doesn't crash she's like it did this
morning but nonetheless guys thank you
for watching if you if I did see
yesterday it was a budget if I missed
you somehow I'm so sorry again one of me
tons of you guys please understand that
but yeah you've ever dropped a 4-lane
you're legend don't who you are well
thank you and yeah time stein insomnia
day 2 which usually consisted of
drinking more because it's like less the
less of busier days so it's less
responsibility I don't know but this is
currently my hair not spiked up so I'm
borrowing terrorises gel can't wait to
use that should make sure you leave a
light green subscribe ding done that
notification bell you never miss video
and I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
if this vlog was late probably was sorry
about that if not good success and until
then what's house
