it's done yes now finally when I'm
kicking back just streaming all night
just glance over that to see if why my
food tears someone's at the door
any that sort of shit finally so dad
thank you very much my friend thank you
thank you thank you thank you high five
high five high five
patience my patience my friend I
appreciate it what well today started
with one win but one or the loss my
shower door broke and last time you've
previously seen this door actually
fallen absolutely shattered along it
goes good but these rollers on the top
of it candy attached from the glass and
then eventually I'll just go roll fall
smash it like you did last time so so
got the exact same shower in the other
bathroom
we simply switch it until further
nervous and hope that what my sister
stays in that she doesn't break it oh
they're digging extender to Steve I'm
sure he appreciates that a lot okay
welcome you enjoy my friend and you also
enjoy my friend it's now currently six
o'clock at night cineq original for no
intent of it being open but someone's
here password is what the hell are you
still doing here
just working 6 o'clock at 9:00 really oh
bloody hell
Ivan time to shut shop go on press the
magic one gate dawn hit dawn and there
you go
all that ice more swag packages for
Lydia picked up he's gonna be one happy
bunny with that the quality of the bags
good boy until you see what's inside the
bag but just FYI I didn't open it my mom
and Alice check everything for poison
and bombs
oh this is the biggest box you can get
that's pretty goddamn big Oh brilliant
Oh actually you could buy us and made a
favor spoke signs this is incredible
lunar regards V yeah they're so talented
use this cash it and then thank you very
much that's so cute oh very nice Leigh
Walters thank you very much every time I
get to see him this little cutie to keep
you safe I'm glad you're out hospital as
well I thought you're gonna be in there
for a while that's nice to see you out
this this one's gonna look after you I
can tell you didn't even know you were
going to a hospital
why Oh Oh bubbly in the background there
she was like I was going to ask but
basically just woke up there does anyone
want to explain what happened here I
think I accidentally led Lent on my car
keys which put my windows down on my car
and what is leaked in everywhere aletan
it's strict in
oh my god no my car's completely soaked
this hero type Tomica sells car cleaning
services we will dry your car for you it
doesn't help when your car's made a
fuckin suede everywhere dries out nicely
and all these electronics on the side of
the chair messed up I think I'm sure
it's used to having dribbles dribbles of
rain on it honestly okay what's my cards
like it was my windscreen down how much
they just lent on the keys Jimmy do you
not like the fact that we went all those
all those months with everyone message
me Tom Tom you can control your you
control your your door your car door
wins when the car door your car windows
with the keys I was like now your car
look it doesn't work it doesn't work I
kept pressing the button showing you
guys doesn't work doesn't work doesn't
work guess what clearly did she is a
nice sundry for now I'm just gonna make
sure I don't lead I'm a bloody key I've
never done that before in three years of
his car
never done that when I did see the
windows down and all the first oh shit
someone smashed my car window to steal
some out of it and then I look down a
5-pound note was still there I was like
oh the only volubly my god is still
there guess it wasn't broke into just my
stupid mistake not sure how this is
gonna taste well I'm about to have a
bread buttered terribly with no joke
space Rangers be flavor on them so
basically a crisp Bowie from from a
different world today the most important
thing about chrisboy the survey says is
a great decision
okay so just had a phone calls a lot of
overjack you were at they've Toby
they've just found one problem with the
Jag detector that's wrong found one
problem with the defender they found
three three different hose pipes you
know three different pipes
three different pipes have gotten an air
intake pipe on the inside the manifold
has gone and something to do with the
horsepower acceleration has split and
also another pipe has gone now I should
have remembered every single thing that
it was actually specifically called but
like I said I just woke up and I
completely forgot but yeah they found
three problems with the defender so I've
got to put them in touch with a company
now that I've bought the defender from
them to discuss the next steps if it's
all covered in the warranty which I
believe it should be exists all party
engine and stuff like that if it was
bodywork or I did something then that's
all on me book because it's to do with
the engine I believe it's covered within
the six months so don't know how long
it's gonna take
hopefully I can pass on the information
today you'll get it fixed by today that
would be great if not by the end of
tomorrow and hopefully by then it's not
snowed outside because I want my
defender to be out and exploring in in
the snow so there you go we have an
update with the defender wait a minute
that's not where I parked my car why is
it that last night you saw a couple
Karen was like raindrops yeah it turns
out I'd successfully Pat McCarrick the
front of the drive and blocks in a hole
for family members good great start the
day Olivia's sister had to oh my god she
moved the chair the entire way for she
me what okay even move me feet okay
that's better
sorry I had to jump in my car and and
move it off the drive so everyone could
get off good on it she did admit though
it took her 20 minutes 20 minutes to
learn one how to start the car and two
how to move it
I'm impressed yeah nice to see you too
cat but oh my goodness the cutest kitty
cat in the world who's the cutest kid
get in the world it's dude I don't know
boss I'll Drive from account isn't that
just the greatest thing either couldn't
do anything about it literally put a
dripping down my face find I'm hoping
that my dad has actually fixed this and
it's not just gonna break again has he
done it oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
brilliant what do you know about being a
day you stopped out stained Olivia's
last night didn't even bring a change of
clothes or a toothbrush no I'm the less
adverse change of clothes odd the
toothbrush out of shower tried to pee
the cat tried to Pete Steve wasn't
successful we've got no food I must find
some so I gots Wednesday's vlogging I
know it was shot as you started it
absolutely nothing apart from chill
chill chill chill control and getting
out of bed at like 4 o'clock in the
afternoon
yeah it doesn't help either I'll work on
that one but thanks for watching leave a
like and subscribe see you guys tomorrow
for next day vlog until then watch love
sir deep horse
