this is such a bad idea a lot yeah oh oh
is it like closed
it's like cease closed oh yes this is
things I only see in movies an icicle
this is so amazing
this is like out of a movie so late
right now but I have to find out I have
to find out how about that tease me we
added in held up where is it where is it
I can't see can't see it where is it oh
god I cut I have to find it in the
morning it's so cold oh my god
oh let me in the house I could get in -
it was oh I'm so tired
Oh questionable - sleep and you know
games about it like half past 4:00 in
the morning trying to post the blog got
it live really happy about that
but this fun would never shut up and the
less really really comfortable bed this
is all my gear I brought way too much
stuff but I'm all thermal DUP I'm
already rocked
I'm all ready to roll so let's go you're
all watching it at least not like one or
two do what hell yeah everyone check
down in description you'll find a Jason
scrum mmm the first thing you see when
you step outside is piles of snow but
also a death spike the heck I didn't rip
it over on this thing oh well I'm broke
easily oh my gosh
oh man it is bright as all heck this
morning yes so shiny right flippin heck
Wow the car is looking mighty fine I'm
pretty it grew an icicle overnight but
over the not
it doesn't having to drop the snow on it
oh maybe just a little bit oh they're
everywhere he's come off nicely come off
nicely
Oh oh my God where are they
it's snapped it's such a big one as well
and got him love your saw yep yep I'm Oh
yep
need all of this inside me right now
that looks really good questionable very
questionable because you're almost
Greene's healthy ah the burrito
damn
Jagermeister not yet ten o'clock in the
morning Jesus Christ man apart from
being tired I feel so bad like my
stomach is killing me absolutely killing
a bitch is like constantly on the toilet
all morning I am I Brad a person I just
threw it completely up so I'm hoping
that my stomach settles I'm gonna take
some medicine and just fingers crossed
Jen do you know it sounds like a really
good idea since I'm help
yes what the hell are these what is that
a robot chicken roll
I don't really seal the deal yeah that
just literally push me over whining
filming that's a medicine hopefully it
does the job and I'm feeling good we are
in a magical paradise right now so good
I'm pretty looking at oh my god is that
the mountain
wow that's pretty steep all right we
made it to where we need to be picking
up our tickets now my phone is most
likely going to die of battery because I
just realized I forgot my iPhone
cable uh
whoa this place is nuts
it's so busy what get the cue to go on
the cable car not let some exhausted
gonna be stairs look Oh AJ has titties
on his what they call again silence I'm
brain dead tonight
that's a titty that is binding that's
silly mixed like various kind of okay
cannon elbow Hey we're finally here is
like half past two in the afternoon so
we're here till like 6:00 or something
first time so ordered properly quite
well got Jen and we got Alex
oh that kid just landed right on his
crotch look at this view first rundown
stomachs kind of feeling mmm but they
spun the pod is great what do you think
AJ so so so so great you got yours you
lot got so much energy and I'm like yeah
no I'm like oh come on I'm blaming that
subway sushi man it's tough to Jameson
yeah I'm not drinking alcohol I'm Ellen
Wow look at that you bro
look at that view oh my god that's okay
I'm just gonna blog just look at this
oh my Creek California California bro
absolutely okay
broken up day every time we go up this
light lift it just makes you want to
throw up like it's not motion sickness
or anything like that I think it's just
my life buddy getting thrown around I
got set up a list I'm just like
absolutely throwing like even like
nothing was coming out so there's
nothing in my system but not your bike
since breakfast so like so whitehead
headed I need to get some food in me
otherwise I'm going to be in a bad shape
so try not to poke oh hell no Oh AJ you
see yeah holy
cool this place is so beautiful at night
oh my gosh we're going now anyway
I'm just feeling worse and worse and
worse I just drank some water and even
the water wouldn't stay down just
straight back up get out this call and
get some food in it jen is now taking
care of me because of you dying over
here so that's like so exhausted we got
we got back to the house and I just like
completely like my body's just like nope
so I'm just like chilling and that's
that this vlog was supposed to be like
the most hype sick filming shots of
snowboard and you doing jumps and
and that my days just been what's not
been rings I really enjoyed snowboarding
but my buddies R in the vlog so I'm
sorry guys I've been able to do
absolutely nothing regarding keeping
fluids in my system I haven't eaten
anything
I can't drink anything it just comes
back up in like 10 minutes
I just want to sleep I just want to eat
I just want to drink so this is what my
nights consisted of tissues blow
my nose with wall this stuff that's
supposed to like make you really really
better and just put like like good
nutrients back in your system can't
drink me to gate or HSA right back up
and then kind of the dried ginger ale
that like is the only liquid up enough
to drink and keep down
all right guys well I'm really sorry
about today's vlog I just did not expect
after all the grind of getting here you
know the Cabret like almost breaking
down having to fix the chains on
everything like that I did not think
when I got it I was going to end up with
food poison or something like we have no
idea what it's from because we've all
been pretty much eating the same food
like I want to say I feel better now but
like this is I drink something it just
comes straight back up I cannot keep
anything in my system I'm just like
really really disappointed cuz like you
saw how hyped I was like coming out it
was like a 20 minute vlog of like me
being like stoked
AJ's like amazing at doing like trips
and a snowboard and stuff I was like
hoping to like film them and like not
just try and rush down the mountain like
actually try and film but really sick
like snowboarding video but I guess life
just happens and you know I say life's
too short make the most of it that's why
I just stayed on the snowboard rather
than being like a conduit like a state
snowboarding but got so far when I was
like I liked like week like I was like
mumbling my words I'm so light-headed
and dizzy
oh my god this is ridiculous so I just
have to get back and come and just try
and get some fluids inside me so
nonetheless thank you very much for
watching I hope you somewhat enjoyed
this vlog I'm really sorry so shot well
there's not much I can do so doesn't
know I got you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. the
next day live local news
