I probably just had one of the best
night's sleep of my life in Los Angeles
oh crap my line went off at 12 o clock I
was like why is my alarm going off I'm
not supposed to be doing anything today
I'm going for dinner with C Gunners crap
and they'll have a whole whopping 12
minutes to get ready to get an attacks
and get over to Adam otherwise I'm gonna
be late
casually 20 minutes late you're going in
there or in there I think it's this one
mistake number two
that's all cilantro I'm allergic to
cilantro I don't miss it this is for me
being late you can have my entire dinner
this was the most important meeting time
13:37 to customers
well Adam ordered a coffee I'm pretty
confused right now what are you doing
I'm testing it is it the right
temperature so good oh that's that la
good stuff right there
why is that thing and it seems so
straight well yeah coffee is just like
coffee with water though graciously
saying goodbye to Adam on the street
corner like a little prostitute I
decided to get a latte from Otomo wait
what is that what is that face I don't
know what that is I know this seems hard
to believe but I don't actually own an
Xbox one in LA so I'm gonna quickly bump
into Best Buy and go and get myself a
console I'm hoping for an Xbox one slim
in black
I only know if they do white ones so oh
jeez
please tell me they have the Mophie
iPhone 7 juice packs wait where I phone
7 iPhone 7 plus oh no wait a minute what
they have it they have the one one in
rose gold glue i'm norman gold i want
black they also have a special edition
red wireless charging oh shit this could
be cool if I do buy this because it's
got wireless charging on it I can buy
this and then I can stick my phone to it
on my desk and let it charge but it's
120 dollars damn oh well like that
though turn it sideways as well snap
they sell oculus rift in here damn what
on earth is this thing made out of
carbon fiber oh my gosh oh my god
it goes 1400 $99.99
so basic 1500 oh my god but it'll follow
you when you ride riding a motorbike
look at the size of this thing
the hell'd you put that on a motorbike I
know for a fact I'm not gonna get gold I
don't think I'm gonna get red and I'm
definitely not getting bronze so I think
I have to decide on blue seas what's my
favorite color we're gonna have to go
below and then I'm gonna get this
charged force desk mount
confident yeah magnetic desktop dock
with Wireless child charging
capabilities look this fool they only
have it in white this is this is not
acceptable but I am so tempted to buy
that oh my god that was the best thing
to ever exist back when I had an Xbox
360 got my Mophie case I mostly charging
kit and then the multi stand charging
care that's a guy came in for an Xbox
I'm leaving with everything wait wait
wait wait I found it
bought it's in green yeah but that is
the one terabyte version that one that I
want to get 500 game the other one one
terabyte but it's green I don't know ah
the screen crashed rekt they're gonna
check in the back now to see whether or
not they actually have the blue version
in a one terabyte edition or a gray
version in one side version so if I
could get that that would be perfect
but right now I'm waiting for you know
the plug and charge kit for like the
battery pack rechargeable just wait for
that because apparently they have seven
in the store and no one can find anyone
so whoever he was here last did a good
job of hiding them all around the store
and we're not able to find one so I've
been waiting like 15 minutes so far I
give it five more minutes and if it's
not here
I was getting another day or Amazon oh
she just bought all this off Amazon
anyway
got it oh my god I'm hopefully going
snowboarding this weekend and this might
be the thing that I need a dumb dog
fetch mown what home sweet home all
right let's do a hole and see what I got
like girls do this with makeup and
shopping so why can't like tech people
do sex so obviously I got the Xbox one
one slim I went for it and white because
on Twitter everyone basically just said
just by external hard drive for like 50
dollars you can get like a 2 gigabyte
one and you'd be absolutely set so I
just get it in the call that I want and
I get an external one I got my new job
emails if you saw in yesterday's vlog I
broke that so Todd got that now um wait
a minute this is coupled a headset oh no
it's just the chat pod for the Xbox one
really really wide that I think it if
you've never used one of these so
worthwhile GoPro Hero 5 went for that I
don't know if I showed you that they
didn't have the camera mount but a
different store in town has one because
if I can what you do is you've got a
backpack on the mount so then like when
you snowboarding it'll just fill me odd
you can have it like on a tripod up it
and it just balances it while you're
going down so it could look really
realistic or even if I hold it it could
look really really good so I'm gonna try
and maybe later tonight go to a store
and check it out but that's that I got
charging kit for it and it did say comes
with a spare battery which I'm really
hoping it does so that's good so there
you go then next up we have what is this
oh the multi charging mount looking
forward to see how this works like I've
never used wireless charging before so
it should be pretty good I got some
extra pieces to tackle it up for the
GoPro because I just stick them things
everywhere infinite warfare
I know people be judging me for that but
I only got it for remastered then we've
got the charging kit for the cooler
thank God they have that then we have
Rainbow six like that then we have the
wireless pod that's a good oh shit
Rainbow six you're stronger man down I
never got the actual phone case which is
good and then for free because I brought
the GoPro camera came with a 64 gigabyte
SSD so I'd nice estate
purposely called that's called sumbitch
that's why I said that
comes with a 64 gigabyte sandisk micro
sd that's it so oh no not a bad haul
quite a lot of swag right now so right
time to get all these things charging
and ready for rock'n'roll tomorrow okay
I'm really hoping that this
and it just it just doesn't look right
does it well I'm really hoping that this
jaw be like camera mount thing because
what I do is I slide this bye-bye on and
then I use this which is a really really
old selfie stick stand because it's like
it stretches perfect enough for me to be
able to as he says this and then can't
do it bitch is the perfect amount to put
over and up fuck put over an iPhone like
this so then I can attach it to the
mount and then I can use my camera like
this you know so I can front face it and
I have my hands-free so luckily we
replace the mountain I like how the
entire time you can see my laundry just
chilling but onto the phone case I'm
really really hoping that this bad boy
and isn't too thick like the other cases
were so massive and it looks like they
slender dit down quite a lot so fingers
crossed this packaging is on par with
like razors look how good this is ready
open it up and you're like ooh sleek and
then yeah I'm never gonna read all this
but whoop there you go right how big is
this case how big is this girl well
actually not bad at all okay this is the
weird thing though I don't have a
lightning port on the bottom anymore not
that I use it for much but this is
probably going to be annoying so we have
to take this off all the time I don't
understand why they didn't just go
Lightning port to lightning port cuz
whatever but now I can use like Samsung
charges to charge the phone and stuff I
think anyway is that right yeah I can
use like these charges to like use it so
if anyone has a sampson on a night out
and amount i can just use this instead
so that works but looks pretty thin
let's try on the case this was the old
case I was using it's just a standard
Apple one and you know like it's got
like it's some thickness to it in a
sense it yeah it's paper thin but
compare it to this you know it's really
not that much of a difference yeah the
sides are bulkier but it goes round more
of the case so I'm hoping it's not going
to be too much of an issue so let's
slide on in there it's in it does not
feel a ton heavier or anything like that
does the job swell it let's see if this
works I'll put that in pissed off you go
away let's plug this in now oh now okay
is there any lights on it or anything it
doesn't seem to be seems to be plugged
in right what if I attach it to it now I
still don't have any vibrations right
for this test I decided to use my other
phone to film with it so alright we're
going to throw it on will it charge we
the charge oh yeah it took a minute to
like activate it but I know it's if you
put it in the right spot straight away
then ill instantly charge so let me just
close it down and then go like that
well I just lied well thank you oh cool
it doesn't work and I want to walk in
through the front door I can immediately
just pull out my phone
Suffolk's straight and there not to
worry about plugging it in and it's
charging okay
okay I'm just gonna have to make the
plunge to bluetooth headphones which I
really really don't want to do oh good
so far how magnetic is it whoa whoa I
sick and then that's that then is
wireless charging how cool is that okay
this is pretty cool I is it sure it's
gonna fall over it seems so heavy
no then this way no great someone needs
to help me right now because you see
that patch on the floor that's clearly
war or as if something's been spilled
I've not brought anything in here to be
spill a ball and oh you might see a Coke
over there but trust me that's been
there for days there's a wet patch but
the a/c units over there so it couldn't
drip down there and that's not where up
here is nothing it could have come from
so what the hell did that webpage come
from next problem was about to be that
the length of this wire is way too short
so like say if I tried to you know I
want this like they're all right over
there
this will never reach to the PC but I've
just realized that don't hit it
under these pcs or is it done in my flat
look there's USBs will they work let's
find out I start recorded it works oh my
god I have no idea so that means that
cuz I've got three monitors oh sorry
your film in sideways that means now
because I've got three monitors now
these I've got an extra six USB what I
just did a razor update and all my
equipment what the hell how was my what
that my hand is dry my hand is actually
dry why is my mouse wet a someone been
in my apartment seriously why is there a
wet patch down there
and why is your wet patch that's that's
not a heat moisture look that's actually
wet what the hell is going on like I
didn't jump out the shower and dive on
I might actually walk around my
apartment to see if there's like wet
footprints somewhere because some were
fucking strange is going on right now
but before I get murdered by someone
being behind me or something like that
check this out under I did not know this
was a thing but on the Razr stats thing
you can check this out so this shows you
how many keystrokes I've done on
everything that I've ever owned and
added to raise a sin up so like you know
might like my first ever Mouse that I
had with them you know like 31,000 mouse
clicks but if we scrub 107,000 mouse
clicks with this I what the fuck the
port outside all right so right now I am
outside its figured by what I just said
but I played h1z1 fly to three hours and
I will am toast because I was playing
the game on all mine but ya know me not
reworking some guys free BD for like a
event of some sort yeah day look at that
thing holy shit that is beautiful
alright anyway this is where I'm going
so let's go inside what everyone else's
analyzes bozeman own else's
Oh homie
thank you but way too hard for the size
of this room really
Los Angeles what the fuck why is it
raining and get oh my god if that guy
had a soft top convertible bad have been
wrecked oh god damn it
this musics way too loud mmm what's
Angelis what are you doing to it I'm
gonna get in definitely nope nope yep no
rain thanks I'm gonna pass on that
straightaway fuckin sighs this thing got
out tonight might bump into Jericho so
let's see how things go
okay this was like the weirdest food
ever but oh my gosh there's a fucking
egg and from hey there's an egg and
fucking Parma ham yes so we got the bill
and when we got the bill the weights
respect to a notebook behind because
like she just writes down the orders in
it so we thought we'd write in it I
decided to write I like trains obviously
and then Luke wrote the pattern of the
ceiling reminds me of trains I like
trains Luke hey you've got write
something in the book that's Luke's
there you go what is it saying
a lot of memories remain here thank you
for helping make them look okay okay
okay and then then you read this one
James this is the best memories where
are you a student
kids like tits and so do I train music
oh oh
this year this is Evan did fate make
useless dear diary today was a good day
I slept in and had nutrition nutritious
breakfast breakfast and now la is
supposed to be in and out right now the
place is flooding it is actually
flooding what the fuck I want a return
on my flight home Jesus you're that guy
who does YouTube videos yeah is that it
you're right I need the light what are
these is this Gucci
ah I just wish that one day I could move
into my old roommate that I've not seen
in so long and like yours and forever
who the fuck is that guy made of it
oh wait well I don't you got what you
don't like come to schmuck Oh get the
fuck out it go me Oh
this so long Thomas is your dog still
love man he's dead
where am I
I'm blacked out hazel penis
what is petrol the peanuts watch watch
watch stop what do you do when somebody
at school draws a dick when somebody
draws a dick you making no penis you
making the Pedro
making look at yeah there's no way for
me she whisper get the fuck out of me
wait wait wait
what is this what is this
oh shit
Oh like it's like a ghost from the past
hey you ready for some adventures always
I'm fucking ready Jesus Christ if you
see guys can we just appreciate my leg
compartment right now if the if the
airbag goes off I'm gonna break my face
hey you guys hey guys doing back there
with all the room I'm sorry I started I
saw I said are you enjoying your ride
yes oh yeah really thing I need you
flame with the fucking taxes yes do you
really think I need you this hey what do
you need right now
I'm completely inside you just need us
we'll never be innocent money
my name's yeah hey guys what are you
what are you doing have you got soul get
the soul if you think it bold get the
ball if you're old slag keep sizing oh
if you feel a naked
period six times dude what is this all
the rocks boy what is it yo Jeff what is
this Jen jess is like this is just good
fucking food we got the squat of squat
we got my butt your River and get Jessie
BRR thank you sofa we owe as awesome as
wireless charging is if you forget to
put your phone on charge it's just gonna
die so it's a new dawn it's a new day in
Los Angeles it's absolutely pouring it
down I'm pretty sure a trunk just got
elected as president but I'm gonna go
back to bed now because five o'clock I'm
going up to the mountains this weekend
we're going snowboard so should be some
fun adventures but I'm sorry this vlog
was late but it was a good fun long vlog
I really enjoyed it I hope you guys did
as well so make sure you leave that
light gray and subscribe and I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. to the next
day vlog really sorry this one was late
and hopefully I shouldn't have an issue
ask them up in the mountains uploading
like I can probably see it happen like
having no Wi-Fi no signal and stuff but
I will try my goddamn best and hopefully
we'll get some sick footage would GoPros
and shit so until then I'll catch you
guys later
how else
