this is just so satisfying Betty monk oh
boy
I woke up hella late o'clock it
afternoon is this some sort of game like
back in the UK or something ruining my
sleep schedule hmm better bed you call
this a little bottle of water empty
packet of biscuits looks like at a weed
sleepover just didn't make it so slips
on the sofa instead or into your faces
it is a Wednesday hopefully going to a
not baseball game hopefully going to a
basketball game today
but no I'm not hopefully going to a ice
hockey game today to watch the LA Kings
okay there's been a problem in this this
is going to go so wrong
there's been a problem in this apartment
for so long please don't fall I've got
your balance and I'm like a handle I'm
also wearing your pants so bit away
right so watch this I go to bed at night
yeah the echo is terrible and I pulled
my curtains closed watch it
light on this side and light on this
side so genius Tom Oh some more and for
the record if you've never invested in
blackout blinds in your life buy them
you will sleep like a god this is all
under the impression that these are
actually the curtains and they are
indeed the curtains before we do that
this apartment is such a damn mess
there's stuff laying around everywhere
the bed isn't made there's fucking
clothes all over the floor
we the changes immediately Hey
bed is done curtain time all right ten
million times but it's a bit annoying
that light comes underneath but I can't
really see that waking me up but
nonetheless finally got I got that side
out oh well it's safe to say open this
letter a little bit late but I opened it
up and I was like what is this and it's
happy holidays from everyone a Treyarch
oh thank you for a month ago
all right so random little story time
here bought this just triggered me to
remind it but back in the day like when
I was in like the full-on hype of
training you know training zombies all
day every day that's all I did
I basically ended up meeting up with
Jimmy szalinski who zombie team and
talking to him
and all this and I was like do not be
really cool like an Easter but I kind of
want it to be like a an Easter Egg to
like you know pay homage to the zombie
community on YouTube and how big it was
getting and like you know yolks layer at
the time all were doing was just
training and training and training and I
was like as if you guys could put a
little Train Set in the game that if you
go up to it and hold X the train starts
moving and mini zombies like this big
like toy figures on these start chasing
after the actual train I was like that
could be like the coolest little Easter
Egg ever and do like that's really cool
it like the idea but you know they never
said where they were going to do it or
they you know they could or they
couldn't do it or anything like that but
it's like a do the right thing I
actually bought a Flying Scotsman train
set this is actually what a bottom a
Flying Scotsman train set like it came
with all the tracks it came with
absolute everything you could possibly
need to build the Train
hey so I actually said on the train set
and I know they received it because they
sign for an Allosaurus or because you
could track out an Amazon everything but
when I asked there was like did you guys
receive it they could never tell me
whether they had it or not I didn't
whether it was just sat in someone's
office like I direct it you know likes
directly send it with the name of Jimmy
szalinski in this bike is like zombie
team and stuff so I don't know ever they
ever set it up I don't know what they
did with it I don't know if they still
had it and I would love to know that if
anyone out that tryout could tell us if
they actually got the train set or
whether they just donated it like I
didn't expect them to do anything with
it but you know I put a note on it
saying like much love from syndicate and
my the the zombie community it never
obviously like kind of happened it'll be
crazy if there was an Easter egg in
there and that was actually in the game
and we just never found it that would be
so cool but no just I just remember that
and I never told you guys so I thought
I'd just share that little story with
yourself yeah track like thank you thank
you for the little it's only a piece of
paper but thank you for this it brought
up a fun memory why you follow the
download grind is real I'm downloading
card duty my offer remastered with it
says ten hours remaining which at the
two numbers make no goddamn sense over
on this screen I'm downloading h 1k kill
one try that again I'm downloading h1z1
king of the kill because everyone's
playing this game and I spend hours upon
hours watching people stream it but I'm
just not good at it so I'm gonna try and
get into it and probably stream at loss
if you guys are happy that when I start
streaming again yeah that collection is
so poor compared to my UK one um it's
kind of sad but actually you know what I
don't think in the UK do I have a lien
can anyone remember do I have the alien
one in the UK I really don't think I do
Oh Boosh that is done downloading and
now I don't have to wait uh even 51
minutes or six hours for this to
complete but now we're going up to the
hockey game and I get dressed though as
you guys know represent in the LA Kings
it's like a role this is the first time
I've stepped outside all goddamn day
okie-dokie Jones organising me you know
with Hank Luke's brother and then
hopefully work as well for this game but
I can it it's really it's really getting
Los Angeles I know they've been in a
drought so this rain is good for them
but god damn it you just like not
another day Oh timing another day
another train ride three trains have
gone past now and it's fine we're here
it's finally here we just missed it are
you fine they come every like five
minutes hey you guys remember Hank say
hello to the Internet dang hello
Internet raindrops keep falling in LA do
you like that yeah if I knew the rest of
the words
I'd go with it but I unfortunately don't
it's so depressing
just stop it is like England that's why
it's depressing I just can't believe how
miserable a this is
we made it baby we made it for a Joe
thank you very much but I'm throwing you
straight in the vlog Joe hooked us up
fiestar with the tickets
there's no way hey Scout my tickets got
it he's got it
oh my god it's trippin like balls yes
whoa we get this do your legend no way
what are you serious Joe this is nuts
yo I didn't like Hank I like oh you're
so much as it was right
shit if you're watching this vlog how
about your face dude thanks to the
hooker now Luke we got we got hot dogs
in it we got wings and hot dogs no no oh
this this American style like it
wait oh that is there a fridge oh this
fridge let's see what's in the fridge
oh nice desert what's that I know that
this one's locked oh cool we got some
wine we got some beers not bad
it's might be like the craziest coco
ever
this this is just min that look at these
things offer yes
dude I got chills this is nuts Oh yo the
right down there
oh my god this is so sick this is super
sick I've never actually made the first
opening of a game this is incredible Wow
yeah
at that
Oh see the stars
Oh
all right yeah Dave this is a guy in a
shock onesie down there that is amazing
but unfortunately they just scored god
damn it the Sharks good it was actually
a pretty impressive shot
I don't know what I was gonna want to
hear but it was pretty good Oh watch
watch watch watch watch watch watch oh
what a sure what a bitch
okay what is that bitch hey buddy what
the heck nice we got it in okay so then
like called the play because it stick
with it what's the rule right so this
big stick needs to be below his waist
when he taps it into the cork yeah I
think we'll be okay but there's a lot of
food in the craft yeah there was keep it
noise yeah cuz he stick was down by the
time it went in so nice fuck I go to the
toilet for one second and come back and
the Sharks of scored no oh whoa whoa
whoa what what is this this is a can you
have anything you want
oh my god we got brownies we got
flapjacks Oh Mike
candy candy candy apples that's all
okay I want one of those no no rice is
just the Bonnie bar with ice oh you can
make your own apples bro ice cream gummy
bears okay this is like heaven right now
round one sponsored what I want to we
you we need one one point yeah secure
this and we need another point to win it
so make this happen man possibly we
photobombing right now I knew that's
what you were doing but hey hey we can
do this because I believe I believe oh
the Sharks scored again it's now gone
wait is it once oh yeah - three -
fucking three then we fucking go the guy
fucked up his one job he put an extra
point on for the Kings rather than the
Sharks oh god damn it we're losing these
never we compete well I say read the
King never lost the game when I've been
here so hopefully we stick to that we
bring it back oh what oh wait shit I
think you just hit himself I think he
got knocked down and hit himself
oh no equal I smacked him get in the bin
that light and now just talk to the
camera and then this is not daily buggy
so I just let my god really what
happened I'll just show like the scenery
or whatever I'm doing and then I do that
every day
yes is here again yes the same guys here
what legend Betty monk yeah yeah look at
this and then straight in doing ninja
dodge scooter Masha
and look at that right facing the game
hey what come on 30 seconds left
dump come on come on
well let's go again come on 20 seconds
20 seconds come on 12 seconds 11 10 9 8
7 6 5 4 3 2 1
you sit down so no one likes you
this way you have no friends no my first
game they've never lost oh I could I
every time Joe they weren't supposed to
lose
they're supposed to wait
some deep shit may have lost tonight
look how fast this place cleared out my
god but nonetheless we lost tonight but
you cannot complain Missy sliders it all
came about and was just like a Tom
Jordan get together and hang out yeah
sure he was like trying to go to a Kings
game I was like yeah sure I was like oh
yes staples I can get as good seats or
like sure so I think you were like seen
down there somewhere no instead we get a
box look at this when free drinks free
fit obviously something made for if you
like free drinks free food everything
all night and it's actually Verizon's
box so the team at Verizon this is not a
sponsored video it's a friend of Hanks I
just got dragged along so thank you very
much god this is probably the worst idea
I've ever seen holy shit now my let's
get the Train do we cross this way
please stop oh yeah okay
oh here we are right we gotta get see
gotta get see gotta get see we've got to
get see oh you want to stand don't you
god damn him there he has it lazy German
I am back home it's not like two o'clock
in the morning I'm editing the vlog and
I'm gonna try and get it uploaded on
time because yesterday's was not
supposed to be late my internet my
apartment just went to poo so I tried to
upload it thought it'd be on time and
schedule unfortunately it wasn't so
nonetheless great day today had a really
really fun day even though like I just
parted around like my apartment and
stuff and then went out was just like I
knew I was going to go do some shit for
today's vlog so it was good fun
tomorrow I'm going out for an event as
well so that should pretty cool nothing
like a hockey game it's gonna be like
kind of weird think some music it's a
thing called trunk club like I'll tell
you more about it tomorrow it's not like
a sponsored event or anything it's just
like it's just a weird thing I'll talk
just about it it's a strange one but I'm
going to get something to do and that's
something that I've kind of like learned
a bit more of like saying yes to things
because I am more I'm a very active
person like yeah it's good to see a
let's go do that
there's some things that I'm just like I
don't know like I won't do that normally
book what the happen say no like let you
know sorry what's the harm in saying yes
like what's the point and say no I'm
just going to sit in my apartment do
nothing otherwise so might as well get
that adventure meet new people do cool
shit vlog it and share with you guys
so kind of liking that attitude of
things and hopefully this weekend
snowboarding so really really want to go
cuz I'm like so bad at snowboarding I
just want to get really really good so
we'll see how things go so I hope you
enjoyed the vlog if you are enjoying
them guys make sure leave like crane and
if you are new around here and you
haven't made a YouTube channel you're
just watching because a lot of people on
this channel like just watch everyday
without creating a youtube channel I
really appreciate if you could create a
channel subscribe click that share
button and share it with all your
friends and family and they can possibly
join the adventure which is the life of
chop so until then thanks for that and I
will see you tomorrow for the next daily
vlog at 6 p.m. so until then a sorry of
dudes and dudettes and hockey players
and ice hockey players and basketball
players and ping-pong players everyone
else good bye
