I was like oh this little cows will be
born over there looking size of his
nipples oh my god like carrots can
definitely say this isn't my usual
attire every time I wake up but I've got
new cycling gear so I'm going to quickly
go on a 20-minute bike ride off into the
wilderness I'm looking good is this
outfit look at the cool coordination
look at the grand black got the black of
red ooh kill em ooh kill them G a joke
someone on Twitter suggested that we
should make syndicate original like
jerseys from now and biking and stuff
and I 100% agree
race jerseys I love them I just wear
them all the time because I think the
cause book so good put my shoes on get
the bike go for like a quick ride this
right on my doorstep I'm gonna go down
here and ride it all the way down I
think I know it takes me haven't been
down here in years but on a beautiful
countryside area living the fresh air
smells unhealthy we're gonna be fast and
loose down here cuz we're heading to
Comstock was nice and tidy before I came
down that section but now I'm absolutely
absolutely filthy it is cold and there
was ice all along this road now so I got
a rubber helmet Thank You Allison car
for the present she's doing good for me
she's even more filthy look at the wrong
shit on a crazy but made it to the
frozen lake and if you think it's not
frozen there's no rupture rotisserie
I'll take a quick ride around it and see
if I can find some rocks because if you
ever find a big frozen like what you do
you throw rocks into it so wait is this
gonna be regret holding on to this oh
nice this is what we wanted a nice big
juicy rock some reason they've closed
this path but we don't we only need to
get to the edge to throw some rocks in
here we go and okay oh that sound it
makes is gorgeous those move I sounding
one you ready for it you ready for it
oh oh oh no I didn't go through we think
we can make it up that or not not the
steps because obviously I just want to
make it up there but I'm gonna leave my
phone here please don't get robbed like
a woman walking her dog like all three
iPhone I just realized I'm putting this
against a tree
storm which probably got 10,000 dogs and
pissed on this morning but let's see if
we can get out this is alleged I get
pretty steep it's not too bad yes
BAM
scoop easy mood she's just so beautiful
as a kid my dad used to tell me that a
little troll lived inside that cave I
was always terrified terrified of being
around there this has come to a
waterfall
look at that definitely believe that as
a kid oh my god haha these people
walking out of it like Death Eaters oh
my god by the way if I also just crush
and fall awesome right in it's because
there's so much black ice on this path
Oh
oh my gosh I've taken my glove off to
vlog but because of phrasing it's so
cold so cold
slow down going past people go be
respectful look at them you walk as you
you stick to the Middle's of your path
don't don't you all be the cause it's
like why are you stay on the cycle lane
there isn't one
what bikes can't be on here just saying
so I'll come out and melt my frizzy
fingers down enter tomorrow I shall play
games oh my chest Jane oh they did all
this up I just realized I don't think
this all used to be tarmac nice this is
where I used to come as a kid Comstock
mom dad used to bring me here to feed
the dogs like throw bread and seed at
mr. Farr and you walk all the way around
I don't how long is I'm sure it's a
couple of mile bar as a kid it was like
County Mount Carmel and wreck Mount
Kilimanjaro
listen you back big bastard I don't have
any food bugger off me now trying to get
a photo outside this house even though
it's someone's house because the sign as
you'll see in a second
says Thomas tree and that ladies and
gentlemen is how you awkwardly take a
photo outside someone's house Oh honk ah
I had 26 miles on the clock before I
went out and now I have 37 I love my
bike ride nice again to everyone who's
always liked but it's not really bike
ride is it because you know it's
electric can it help phew it's like I do
all the peddling on flat I turn off the
electricity thing gold up pills is like
the time I only have it on because it's
just it it makes a ride fun like I just
had like how I'm gonna help for like an
hour over an hour like I'm meant to go
for 20 minutes and I just kept going and
going and going because like what's down
this road what's up that hill because
most time when you're on a bike you like
fuck go got that help and because I went
up the hill it's just amazing so no
that's really no no it's a really cool
anyway thanks watch the bike look at
that no dirt whatsoever nice and clean
gonna give her a little dry down a
little bit oil and good as new Reggie
Jones Steven needs food off' and then
we're going to cusco to go and get a
little drinks and food for the party
that I'm having whoo should be good
swell superstore you better have some
food for Steve I've come on a Friday
which is not the day to get food in get
food in on Wednesdays but we can always
cross our fingers at hope and this is
why I love swell UK oh my god so much
food he's going to be fed and I got him
some giant mealworms so I'm hoping he's
gonna go crazy for them he's never in
his life had them so it's gonna be a
nice little change he's had crickets
he's at locust of brown crickets you
know I was at laser rifles he's got all
sorts of that sort of food but he's
never had mealworms
now I must be the dragon love them spike
love them but Steve never had him
been sat in the Costco car park for
about 25 minutes now waiting for Alice
and Carl because we need alcohol food
and everything else part apart a car was
like oh we're going to be 5 minutes
we'll be 5 minutes 25 minutes later I'm
not even amused oh yeah we'll be there
in a minute
liar do you better know you better know
that I'm getting this oh my god
bloody hell this is all the stuff up
online on New Year's Eve
small bash only smart only few people
come in Jesus all right they're laying
them flat I can't wait for all these two
smashes I'm driving along spring bang
bang model Allah open up the boot let's
see what we got Dave then you're happy
to see the alcohol oh you really can
let's take you bets in the comments
right now if this cakes gonna die by the
time we get home whew okay bye children
of today we just heard them Alice what
happened what was said there's a group
of girls you front of a group of boys
Travie girls chubby children and the
girl shouted behind to the rest of the
lads
she's mad see shit she wants to lick you
what see she's about 12 good pollutant
technique well I watched him fight well
you would you would refer to penises as
whatsis if you watch what I got old
Jesse do ginger ah cow where are we
No cheeky cheeky nandos Alice what are
you doing what's not on your head by the
way what do you mean wait what oh my god
I have one that's like instant camera
what wait what what makes Amanda
that song the songs I came out as I
chiki chiki none knows whatever this is
cheeky nandos something that's why I
came around
totally not Nando style taught Nando
style cheeky nandos medium but flat you
can please that whoa whoa whoa and I
managed to steal some halloumi cheese
what you doing
amazing
mother of cake how this cheesecake did
not die I have no idea some person
whilst were driving slammed on in front
of me lightly pulled and put him in
slammed on I could hear the cheesecake
go so thank God it store see run see
even cement that is hiding under that
tree like he has been doing for ages
why'd you fight from there hey all
bearded dragons apparently in the UK
because the temperatures outside are
acting weird
celery's usually a scratch and inactive
and all this sort stuff well Stephen is
doing isn't doing so kind of bit worried
man all right mate I've got something
new for you to try today I'm going to
put it in front of you and see what you
think
does it look like food or does it look
like moving sand dust
I mean sawdust sawdust he doesn't look
overly interested in it but these are
pretty big ones let's see if you'll go
for it you fancy it fancy that you want
dad oh it's spinning Stephen you want it
you want that oh it's on mountains Sonia
Islands he's never seen this book before
in his life so I don't even think if he
knows its food no no no maybe not a safe
my boy I'll eat you want that good good
all you want dad good good rub rub rub
rub rub
Graham Graham Graham don't know Stevie
you look so fat right now good the size
of his belly oh my god ah that's nice
that guy's true friendship I would not
expect anything less from them a nice
middle finger and a wanker sign
Gotti's ah ha ha ha ha daddy I captured
the magical moment they met oh no
something's about to die of AIDS yes I
don't even know what's going on here I
just want to film it
we can't smile on camera
I kind smiley this is a real dagger dr.
Geller
it's a coupon home this is a great one
No
stop tickling me this is cop not the
steamer so hey guys it's your boy here
where to be gross and the kid just lost
his phone he shit himself en la floating
blog to you tomorrow
and he'll I love your book ken how do we
say goodbye
ah hey sighs nah nah man
uh first let me I hate you by the inbox
your bad influence but I am it's now
about 4:30 next day I've only just got
over drinking that much alcohol last
night it was supposed to be like a small
search but a little search but bad
search and it just kind of escalated
because all of a sudden we turn around
and where's we stood there with the Inga
bombs oh so it is what it is well
nonetheless I am so damn tired and
tonight's New Year's Eve so if you're
watching this right now
Happy New Year's Eve I hope you have a
great New Year pie with your friends and
family if you haven't quite won't enjoy
yourselves stay safe don't play with
fireworks don't drink alcohol it's all
bad for you I'll be setting off
fireworks and economical because you
know buddy I'm bad luck do things but
yeah I'm going on so thanks for watching
hope you enjoyed the vlog make sure
leave a like rating can we hit yesterday
we hit 15 likes
I'm gonna go for a bigger more
impressive target of 12 lights I know
it's incredible but I'll see you guys
tomorrow next day i vlog until then
Bassanio Stewart's
