Oh vloggers too much karaoke last night
it is now 9:00 in the morning and I just
posted my world shortest walk of 2
minutes and 44 seconds da day I'm gonna
go with sure I don't know where they
came from
but oh boy do I look great
nice ha
it smells like dog in my elevator thank
God it's finally a nice day in
California
sneaky pitch oh boy I thought those
things died in a fire I just walked past
about 20 restaurants we get good quality
food but instead I see the light here no
doubt whoo I don't know what the hell
they're shooting over here if anyone
recognizes anything or anything let me
know in the comments below this tote has
to be a movie because all this stuff
goes all the way around here all the way
around the other side there's a big-ass
shoot just in case you guys didn't know
I asked life in pieces on a google it
what I thought was it for a film set
that's all for a TV show oh man this is
gonna be so busy mmm this is the perfect
way to start a day and I want to say
this right now
I'm sorry about yesterday's vlog being
so short but it just happens sometimes
and like the comments in the video of
people just like losing their shit like
oh my god this is a legitimate song fuck
you you supposed to be a professional
vlogger if you can only be a
professional blogger if you film with a
proper camera one I use a potato and
more importantly if I end up doing not a
lot that day I can film that's just the
top of all of it has nothing to do with
whether I'm a professional on it
whatever I put in the effort or not it's
just if I'm busy and I can't watch what
I'm doing I'm busy and I can't afford
what I'm doing so I appreciate everyone
understood thank you for being
just a normal understanding person and
so the rest of you I have it Internet go
fuck yourself hey listen right I know
you're all pissed I know you're all
pissed about yesterday's vlog being so
damn sure so today I'm gonna teach you
iPhone users a secret that every iPhone
you vet you give a user I've ever asked
if they knew said no so are you ready
for it
and to those of you who know say nothing
okay iPhone users prepared to get your
face blown alright so say you're sending
a text message and you're like oh my god
I love you favorite person ever don't
ever forget that the code is 13 alright
so say you sent that alright and then
you go to copy and paste it but you're
accidentally boom delete it
alright usually you'd be like ah fudge
knuckles I've lost it let me show you
this magic trick II ready Oh BAM undo
button what I am wait what's that other
way around redo typing did you ever know
that because I guarantee you did not
know that if you didn't leave a like
Korean if you did leave a like green but
honest to god it always used to pop up
like you know randomly saying undo
typing and I was always like how the
hell does this this pop up and I finally
find out you shake it back and forth you
shake it and you can do it and retrieve
your lost text you can thank me all
later if you drive one of those cars
like Egypt you may think you're doing
stuff for the environment but that is
the most disgusting car
I have ever
I'm pretty sure it's a BMW i3 Eva I
three or I five nonetheless no no no no
no no no no weirdest thing
or stranger
it was like why is there a police car a
forensics van what the hell happened to
the subway holy shit someone messed up
place oh this place is completely
different at night
looks dead cool you can't really see the
sea which is a shame obviously it's
nighttime but some reflections would be
nice
who's getting let you Oh No let's just
Raven just gonna try and go to the
restaurant at the end of it and see if
there's any nice food I feel like I'm
looking at the college you ease on beam
up for infinite warfare this is quite a
small menu boy I'm at the end of the
pier look how nice it looks down there
and I want to know what's on that kid's
menu
so I'm saying Oh change of plan this
place post 15 minutes ago it's only 7/16
right now plus 16 minutes ago but it's
like just closed because it's a mine
Luther King Day so everyone is like
treating it like a holiday so they shot
early oh I was looking forward to the
kids menu
totally reminds me of the new map I'm
going to stream replaying it for the
first time but I honestly think it's
probably gonna be potato because just
all on colored lights going on at once
is you can be like
Oh bloggers they all just don't
appreciate the value of the iPhone I
hope for this guy's sake
he didn't somehow take the keys out of
the cop car and then stand there cuz
everyone's looking at him like what the
hell is he doing I think he's drunk or
something oh here you go
here we go thinks he's a mr. funny guy
oh they're just the scored him off the
road oh he's done nothing wrong
oh there's always something going on in
Santa Monica always something going on
I'd be impressed if they were his keys
they were actually the cops keys and he
found them I either in the door or on
the floor or something that would have
been impressive I'm sure they're just
gonna like let him go or something kara
finally found an Italian place to eat so
it seemed only fitting to get an Italian
beer
exactly exactly what I wanted out of
this entire food this is amazing this is
amazing this isn't it all pretty good
but what I don't understand is this
cheese this is like the a wax of cheeses
look it's just so hard and so boring it
tastes like nothing
smells like nothing way I just actually
use the camera just what the fuck I use
the camera to sniff the cheese that
makes no sense that made no sense but oh
wait does have a smell oh no that's
that's the olive that I just picked up
off my finger way
it's not like nothing this is it earwax
of Jesus I'm not too sure about this one
do I dare go down not too sure how I did
this but like when I just put on my
jacket I was like what the hell is
stabbing into me I just pulled this this
of the event fork out of my jacket
not too sure but I did this but let's
pretend this never happened okay someone
had a really bad day when they dropping
into a can of tuna what ye that's my
dad's car shot my dad watches the vlogs
by the way so shout-out to the homie my
plan for the night is to kick back and
watch don't breathe because apparently
it's really dumb good it one says four
out five but I've heard some good things
about it
so we're gonna see by the way never
watch this worst film ever
like seriously I don't know how a horror
scary film I was watching mom could go
from like a solid I gave it like an 8.5
throughout and then the plot twist
happened went to an instant one out of
10 so bad okay I finished watching don't
breathe good film really good film
lots of plot twists like lots and lots
of plot twists did enjoy it but oh no
man
the ending was a bit
like police you do your job properly
don't make no sense I'm not gonna spoil
the film fee obviously but it is a bit
of a hmm scenario but nonetheless it was
a fun thrilling film something different
if you don't know the premise of it the
guy it like the bad guy or the good guy
the bad guy in the movie is blind and
people break into his house this is not
ruin the story this is in the trailer
break into his house and then shit go
south because it is like an army veteran
so I think so yeah good good you know
good concept why am I doing this to
myself
and why did three of these exist you
heard it here first
sci-fi presents regrets and bad
decisions I actually ended up not being
able to finish sharknado because the
film is just that terrible I didn't even
make it past the first five minutes one
day I will get together with like took
her a mini lad or something and just do
like a bad movie watching like probably
a drunk edition and maybe livestream it
but watch shark need all the full thing
and then maybe the other two as well but
nonetheless I couldn't get through it
I'm going to bed it's like 3 o'clock in
the morning right now I'm absolutely
exhausted I did watch one of the horror
film as well I think it was called like
hush or something like that where the
woman's like deaf and mute amazing film
I really really got to give that like
like a 4.9 out of 5 but anyway I'm gonna
go to bed now I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog I'm glad it was longer I am
sorry about yesterday's but you guys
really really have to understand that
sometimes like I do do stuff that is not
going to be in camera and like I just
can't film so people will you understand
it and respect that I appreciate it for
those who don't care you know it's just
that mentality you need to get used to
and for everyone else is just perfectly
understanding thank you very much and
I'll see you guys tomorrow for the next
day the vlog 6 p.m. at least 8 at least
the vlog was on time that's a bonus so
until then much love and a tea house as
hard
