really 7:18 in the morning I've been
awake since 4:00 a.m. I simply cannot
sleep Carlito's awake my granddad's left
without even saying goodbye
and looks like it's kind of snowed over
night to be honest it's not a law but
just a little bit good morning young man
this is why we all love Alice hmm mommy
granddad's leaving he's at a nice time
stepping over now he's getting off I
want to say like poor Steve boy he
actually seems completely fine
with Theodore just sat there staring him
it's like they're friends this is great
no the decorators found at the moment
denise is batching up with a better
paint the oles in the wall and all the
scratches that I've made so we have to
do something about this chair it's
ruining the wall I far the busiest I've
ever seen the trumpet Center all the
signs that say how many spaces are in it
also full we pulled into the carpark
found a space straight away like a bus
dude it's like professionals today I'm
filming outside the toilet which I just
realized is dead weird but we're using
the bathroom and then hit in shops so
fingers crossed me up from parked Alice
just do a heads or tails heads or tails
go on a Silver Star just office or they
go simple thousand is your decision cool
wow man
Travie doesn't resolve is it we're going
to just so many funds it's kinda
ridiculous to go myself
she have a quick stop at your sushi with
my boyfriend it's not really mellow I
think I think it'd be my advice and
summarize that ah it's nice and then
also a crab sort of what is this a crab
a crab wrap crab wrap whatever those
chicken wings are are so amazing got
some like honestly I'm giving that a 9
out of 10 well yeah they're that good
for me I think they're so good nine out
at seven for them chicken wings and then
we've got the shrimp tempura or the
tempura shrimp better no I got that
chicken katsu this is probably an 8 out
of 10 and that crab wrap nice bar six
even got an extra set of them chicken
wings but they were like I found up for
them wings like four pounds it's
ridiculous look I can't leave out
expensive that is where are they
for crispy chicken wings alright or five
whatever but I
go for so that's Pitt pink for pound 55
me I could buy a KFC bucket with like
ten pieces but I bro this is why you
don't eat with us Alice you weirdo she
got an aloe vera drink it looks like
frogs barn fuck BOTS frogs barn oh it's
got fuck spawn it's got frogs born oh my
god my chick what do you guys call it my
entire life I've been raised call it
Bhagavan Borbon no chicken wings so
tempted to express it so damn busy holy
shit stood in the queue in All Saints
like well bored away new phrases and I
thought cow was trapping me off saying
someone's running a syndicate sure what
are the chances of that a thank you very
much to spoil my dog but fucking tough
guy the chances of that happening and
absolutely unreal the fact that came at
least that's the second limited edition
sure that I've seen the Travel Center
that is so stupid I can't believe like
awesome wish you'd been but like the
fact that the last one that I saw was
the Illuminati t1 when I was here and
now this time it was the Royal design
also being at the Travel Center and
loads of people come saying hi
part of the guy wearing the t-shirt and
it's from your clothing company
incredible that is so much so busy no
steps
I saw someone wearing a Joe relish shirt
so I took a fault with him and said it
to Joe well because it's like if I ever
know can we appreciate he didn't just
take a ball with him it was a little
girl with a mom and dad and he walked up
to them and said excuse me can I take a
picture with you and then one space was
just okay yeah I was caught up because I
went to go to speak to the persons but
oh I know Joe I went okay no I went to
go over to person say like oh I know Joe
put some bumped into being got talking
to me and distracted me so I went to
speak to it was like half a conversation
yeah the man was not impressed
whatever hey there you go that was a
really good idea naughty wait to be in
the vlog so I was like if you FaceTime
his friend what a busy visit to the
Trafford Centre not because it just
basic as a sales of people the fact that
I met two people with syndicate shirts
on I've raised stop all that you're
choking me
are you getting that as well yeah I
think he's exam rubbing this against me
and your arms are shopping sup wait
Darren Darren danten danten danten
danten danten aid you just jump off the
edge am i and I just looked down alright
girl
as granddad used to say first person to
spot the car gets 10 P so search it
incident where is it is that I found it
I found it you didn't find it it's there
oh no that's not it wait sorry no that's
not my car Oh for god sake we've lost
the car it's kind of sad to think all
the Christmas decorations are gonna come
down well now there's no way that's
parking I don't give oh my god zero
folks he just parked on the road well
that's where I am so if you guys want a
free space and you go
Cal it's been a pleasure having you just
in case I don't see you later time I'm
going to sleep for an hour and a half
wake up and aside from coming out okay
come April months the vlogs are never
gonna be the same without you what
policy Christmas Eve I mean okay yeah
see you next year see any is Eve cat
you'll be going as well well I'm I'm
standing around tonight so we'll see Oh
so Melissa mow the bedroom is obviously
filthy she's taking a poop you might
think this is the point where we go
right let's go enjoy Alison kaolinite oh
it's gonna be great um no I actually in
fact got in bed at 6 o'clock fell asleep
woke up at 11:00 ended up missing the
night out with them and then fell asleep
from 11 o'clock till 6 a.m. which is now
so up in sight in bed ever in the vlog
and yeah basically that was the end of
my day that's all I did for the rest of
the day so now I'm in the back of a car
I swear I haven't been abducted send out
nonetheless I hope you had a great time
actually like rain in yesterday's video
we have I asked for three like ratings
and we hit 50,000 if we could hit 15
like rains that have been saying my
magic blows everything out well 15 like
rains that's all I'm asking if we go
above that I'm going to be pissed if you
tweeted me that we went over game over
mine
and I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m.
for the next daily vlog sorry all
Stewart's
