you can tell it's another early morning
because of the moisture the perfect
place for recovery shopping food place
Alison Karl came up with a smart idea of
coming tomorrow from more even more fans
more funds for backfist backfist that's
more like it mate that's more like what
I need rather than a bowl of cereal with
no milk at my house good job good job
good job that's exactly what I needed
now to go get supplies today's vlog is
uploading
he's a good job Steve well done on
uploading on time look at that for once
it's not going to be late hopefully and
put this guy away feed him then we're
going out to counts brother's house so
go on and you go for the poor cut does
it have a clue what to do this glass boy
usually walks across it what we just had
it cleaned think so he's like walking
along the edge like he's scared girl
girl this is a kid's toy go on yeah this
is gonna shut it into a million pieces
listen we may owe you a new pogo stick
in May because we're gonna shout out
this one Oh like being creeped on from
behind strange Karl don't you be
thinking above in ideas a no kids
okay he's I cut Karl knows better if
there's ever been a bad idea this is it
whoa whoa whoa settle to the net say hi
wow this is like the cutest baby ever
but every time Alice goes close to it it
throws up so how are you feeling about
it being on you great dear do you want
to have kids in your older dollies don't
have kids now wait we're taking photos
awesome
that kid looks like it seems
what are you giving that Hammond ow
let's kill you hello Oh blinded him
blind you Oh Alice I knew it always say
I liked Jameson all right I like it in
small quantities I smile show that's
small that's like five or six shots oh
my god what drinking that have standards
people don't think I can stand up
straight I think I broke the unfortunate
news that the hamsters died is it dead
no have you found it because they said
they had a hamster inside here and I've
not seen it all day and I've been back
and poked about three times yes is alive
no oh it is alive oh we thought you were
dead
can I point out showing what you used to
poke it to see if it was alive looking
for a knife man nah look at it as a
little that is well cute huh he's so
cute hello no wait he's not Gray's got
white patches oh wait this is well cue
you know give it blue bristles over
there oh wow another one but if you
don't know now you know
well it's me favorite is the song so you
know that's why I hate about music if
you say the n-word in it are you
supposed to say I'm not supposed to say
it
remember so it's in the song like like
what about a 50 cent song they drops the
n-word a million times
wait so if there's a karaoke you have to
say it surely well your comments we're
not trying to be racist a but please
help us out if it's in the song do you
say entry
hey yo it took half an hour those
watching naked about our TV apparently
happy Christmas to you I'll be Chris oh
look who we found
okay look who we found the ill man
himself I do that's okay
yes yes we like to hit shoot off
cow so rude Hill has made us porn star
sorry dad it's just a spit
good to see you looking better oh yeah
the car slowly though oh oh oh now got
on myself
vlogging and drinking clearly is not an
acceptable combination John what do we
need to do ride electric bikes we're now
it's it alright a bit not good and
they'll be back on are you feeling
better now nearly everyone moving that
is feeling well but I'm gonna know I'm
on it and getting better now I can check
the Christmas Julia yeah no people yeah
damn right
kiss kiss mmm dad I'm going out with
granddad now or do you think that's
gonna go and you'll be able to good
night know that I'll see you tomorrow
whoa yeah the vlog gosh we'll see like
that I get love you both bye bye what is
this what is this ice no oh that's nice
nice nice
I still can't see him this is nice as
ice
I can't believe our coolies whoa I
wonder whether cutlet it's moving open
it
it fit perfectly God and killing it with
the car parking spaces tonight oh by a
millimeter the one thing that we're like
devastated about is like my granddad
doesn't use his sat-nav it doesn't use
any like assist in his car that Jaguars
got so much tech inside it and he
doesn't use it so I connected my phone
tonight we're blessed in the tunes boom
Oh
grandad ooh kill em ooh kill them
looking very well your date for the
night we are left with this lengthy I'm
the man in this relation I definitely
know you are the cub far fuck grandeur
that's looking nice he's got himself a
pie unless has got pork belly that's a
different looking pork belly because I
also got a lobster tail because why not
I hate you so much this is like the
third day in a row now Carwin chum what
you are you're a dad we are three days
in a row you know I'm gonna get you back
really bad I'm gonna get you back and
when I get you back it's gonna be
terrible so don't forget I have not
forgot about you buying me in the face
of cream you're dead to me
granddad what did you give that pie out
of ten nine and nine out of ten
Alice over ten okay what you what you
ate tonight is what I've given a ten out
of ten before but it wasn't the same
wasn't the same the fat wasn't crispy
enough
what so what were you given out ten
seven
apparently these really big bones and
the like she can wish that much my
brother's like a really big fan so I
think you all now you vote for the walk
so much watching videos so I won't beat
you guys everywhere all right God
alright this guy look out right there
she run away as fast as she could
she went she went a vlog and I said I
said yeah and she went she was like oh
yeah my sister's a really big photo so
awesome and she was like we know who you
haven't watched videos as well
and that cows like dropping the box I'll
swim in the vlog cow out of town were
you in the food stay go to it and the
world give me knowledge eight point
eight point nine I saw I didn't taste it
sake so nice purse first but what yes
yes duck and waffle but I'm getting in
on this laughter let's do some waffle do
you stop recording no zoom did oh nice a
lot of it I'm in the mone know the
Midland listen to it listen it's close
when I started to review food and dry
Wow
this is a summer out internet out of ten
like I say everything is jobs are in
waffle who's the first ten out of ten
meal I ever gave we ever an extra pork
belly so I got the pork belly again
tonight I was aiming he taught was too
funny
I'm giving tonight's meal will resume in
seven five nine ding ding ding and you
know what I know I did you try to bring
out the door also also I asked for
lobster tail
they should rename it midget lobster
tail I gave my Gunners in mana forkel
and that was based on my time you're not
unfortunately
75 it was nice ooh ring Gardens Jaguar
garden are you enjoying the dry how are
you - Ison enjoying the drive garden you
lovin it have you got if we got your
heated seat on yeah well you are you
nice yeah you can't feel it yet are you
nice and toasty though yeah love it has
made the decision to go down my drive
aka kill tomorrow gyro cam car
Kilimanjaro you ready for this slowly go
go right a little bit just a small
amount and then left left now left now
keep going oh that dirty scrape he's
real you got a little bit grandad well
the cat's gone yeah he did the car again
no joke is done and mysterious hiding
trick 2.0 at this point I'm like I'm
like I'm what is not hiding with Steve I
hope Steve should be a bed so the cat's
disappeared again okay again so hope I'm
going to find it if we don't
we lost the fucking cat Steve a view
each in the cache
did you rethink you at the cat didn't
you you at the cat didn't you okay away
sleep I must leave guarantee the cat is
underneath this bed in this Bob Connor
unique bang oh oh um no cat no is not
know is he's actually outside the house
that's living it oh boy this is real
outside all these time moving for real
oh my god he okay
it's crazy oh I thought I was joking
that you run to the bed
what a good dog he came home how did he
get out must be much the dogs I was one
of the doors you little shit I've even
coming my security room to work out how
you got out and we found it
bad mommy yes you bitch
oh if we lost him forever and it was
your own thank God at CCC TV because we
fucking worked out its Alice's fault
wait that was your kid I'm never having
children hey oh oh my god let me show
you this clip what Alice leaves the
house okay bye
no folks give it about the front door in
the cat wait for it wait for it yeah
thank God thank God we found this car
Alice Alice she's like Alice is in the
door
come out in the car where's he gonna be
where did he go but what does he shadow
know is not serious yeah okay I'm that
is in he goes on he's gone
oh please don't tell me that runs guide
June you shut the door in my wait what
should you eat he's gone what'd you do
here's the box a shell gone
was it me she's gone oh my god
in the trees oh my god one ninja nice
talk oh that's me Andy I'm she's gone I
think you the cat's gone I'm pretty sure
it's that you know there's his tail
there's a sale there's his tail god
that's his tail it's a machine do I want
to see me leaving the premises odd wait
God not the fossa now go look through
the CCTV and see how he turns use
outside the door like I just want to say
this is for no reflection on my love for
him there is the massive
I would I would all can hold this
against never forgiven myself if he was
not outside the door what if a CCTV
worth it oh my God he's back this was to
outburst no because no is this is to as
I was after we like what is that we're
not even back yet
we're not even back yet look it's wrong
when was he gone for Thomas he was gone
for two hours he can't get in oh how did
he come back discover new vanity he know
though cuz he go off sin and this isn't
his home he must've recognized a dog
looking for the window yeah he's right
it's like pretty sure this is where I
came from
alright but look at him yeah that's
right what the fuck he's gonna with dies
live ladies wearing goggles look at all
watch it it's a fucking owl Comstock at
the anta fuck it all he sees that fall
before I come and open the door and game
huh what city that is wage that is one
guys what Oh guys guys are that's why
the club not comes down right and I open
the door you open the door no no I'm not
so we just sucked Lee on that board you
know are you start other from doorways
getting OH
looking for me conceit was like guys I'm
here hello hello hey guys hey guys let
me in please
thank you please okay bye the reason we
ended up looking at the CCTV footage to
find out how the cat got out we said we
could blame Cal for losing the cat
mm-hmm-hmm Easter Lola no he's in now
but because my music the only reason I
was going to it so she could blame they
have a go at me and say yes no bad part
of mine we did there and guess what she
lost her fucking shall fall this is what
memories are for there is oh oh and I
was violently picks him up and takes me
what ya got in whatever
oh no that's a gal Santa come on come on
come on I'm gonna win this one Oh
defective Hey drove it good man Oh watch
it
oh no way yeah good game good game fella
hey not bad city so you bought it glad
to have you back mr. but he's like no
I'd rather leave I want to have really
difficult again is this right so the
only way to get in it I think is by
punching you I've actually tried pushing
and it won't work so how about you just
take the ribbon off okay oh my oh boy
that's prettier on my hand instantly
bruised Alice oh yeah brushing yeah
she's very hot
oh not good yeah it's what we're doing
right now
playing this game okay but what we're
interested
hi hi oh so I taught you to bus
how to torture an almond where's she
gone
ma what take you with a picture soul
looks like pigs might fly fell asleep on
the floor listen to the noise I'm making
there does even look like it's coming
through my lips yeah I think a lot of
colons I know I trust I trust you
my lips and my mouth isn't moving well
I'm not moving what's your cheeks you
can see if you talk to the roll say
super fucked up fell asleep on the floor
this will walk up to a competition
that's right
boom vlog is edited for today at least
say goodbye to the vlog you could do my
outro for me
okay Sean did you help myself that's my
whole outro is it thank you for watching
syndicate blog on Christmas featuring
what I'll be laughing the new year
let's fill in what she missed thank you
very much for watching I hope you
enjoyed the vlog if we can hit three
like ratings that would be sick because
this vlog was awesome really really
really funny vlogger the family really
really jealous I'm absolutely not good
and not get much sleep last night but
I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. today
echovox until then make sure you drop a
like button let's let that make sure you
subscribe to click the bell notification
tweet me a picture that you've done it
I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. thanks
to a blog adios adios
