if I fo fum I smell the presence of God
and Spencer animate what you doing here
of course we can all be fresh
damn right you up I think it's a
remote-control car and it's a jug yard
look at this again don't tell you guys
just one day don't tell you go to
control car probably use everyone so
much I can himself by the box it's got a
hot outside and it's got a pocket thing
but it's a remote control car and the
light longer IBM do you think it's a
what oh I'm batteries the camera it's a
BMW i8 Wow very much for last night yeah
that was a real good scale one I don't I
do about 60 mile an hour that did the
toy car yeah 60 mile burn you'll be
careful with it okay it's a windy day
outside today we have myself looking are
smart man nice Christmas jacket off my
grinder we got Alice looking all smart
suits you sir we've got Cal lookin all
smart and we're going with my granddad
to Cal's my mouse having a drink because
we were supposed to be going to my dad's
but a is really really bad with flu so
sadly we ought to cancel boxing to hear
my dad's so get welcome would you look
at these guy granddad you look so
adorable you'll like you can about the
Mafia with a wallet I'll go get four
don't mind if I sit in it what have they
done to Rosie's chocolates you don't
know it you don't know which ones which
dear but which is the caramel one why oh
yeah but these two gold ones is that
caramel well this is rubbish Nick are
you were eating you
don't be a bouncing back he's going he's
going a lot hey you got to say goodbye
why have you open your boot you pressed
the wrong button you press the wrong
button on his car
hey he's saying goodbye all right bye
see ya
see you later incident buddy nice one
who she's looking good but talk about
close for comfort packing me my sister
and Carl as he pulled up with us in the
car and he parked there we thought he
was going to crash into that fucking
Volkswagen looking at please please tell
me he's got it in reverse
please tell me he's got it thank God for
that by the way all these wheels are
really do it because he went off roading
it's not the calf a good doing that sort
of thing but you know it is what it is
all right Oh Celia granddad see look
here listen to that this is the clutch
boom it loves that car again I want to
thank you all for making that possible
he absolutely loves that car jag you
Izzy's favorite favorite car in this
entire world and that the fact that he's
actually got one has made he's like his
life so honestly I love you up I hope
you have a great new year
you're all fuckin awesome people Alice
where's my invite where's my advice go
wow oh yeah this is a good job this
you've done you've killed this Oh a
breadstick Rex aw bloody out five
o'clock is this afternoon and I'm site
here on a stag days on my own
Oh piss off I was on my own a minute ago
I'm trying to make it look drying so I'm
stuck here on the staircase something
I'm sorry unboxing the adapter Christmas
edit in my Christmas blog and I'm moving
in so far it's about 18 minutes long
I'm already halfway through it so I hope
you enjoyed yesterday's logs I'm sat
here away from the pie and you can
attack inject any ticket so let's see
how it goes
love the effort I go through to get the
vlog uploaded I'm now going rather than
to my house I'm going to my dad's house
because he's got the exact same Wi-Fi
speeds or internet speeds that I do for
mine so I'm using this as an excuse to
go see my dad he's really ill good we
were supposed to be there for like a
full-on meal at my dad's out today like
part in friends
humming all that but my dad's ill so we
can't solve it we went on to cows moms
instead that was Debbie Debbie's Karl's
mom so we went round there but I'm going
around to my dad's now use it as an
excuse to see him see if I can sneak him
to get a drink or a whiskey smack you
know whiskey makes you feel better
apparently so really see him upload the
vlog leave my phone there and then go to
the pub and watch watch the city match I
don't know you that I don't watch
football but I just want to spend time
we can have a good night so that's what
that that's the plan of the evening I
uploaded a vlog Gayle thank you very
much for the lift to the pub love you
bye right
never hopefully the footballs fit I say
hopefully hopefully the fall is finished
and I'm going inside oh dude no
Christmas got booked today but I'm going
in there now
give another sort of like having a Merry
Christmas and it's Boxing Day so we're
boys in India later we had a swished and
ice wifted in the grapes Tim we could be
much sooner it's over
suave my friend Alice let's get Cat Cat
Cat Cat Cat Cat Cat Cat get get get get
get cut cut where is where is cut cut
cut cut cut
where's cat good well you know not
saying cat was in cat what the fuck this
busted cat better not be annoying you
Steven Steve ride steve iron stick
Steven are you sleeping in that corner
again you keep doing this you know it's
really dark over there don't ya yeah
this is becoming a very common situation
right now
we decided that because we've been
drinking we can't drive but pedal bikes
yes we can
so no okay well we will yeah but you
gotta play really don't drunk and drive
drink and ride I thought that you old
maybe you do eat this one of luck long
Wow made it to India's house hello hi
dog hi India high five Alex high five oh
hello again
I won't you ain't quite tell me you were
prepared tonight I saw the kill I'm
liking the kill it's not a kill is that
barman's waitressing yes
about Alex what is this show me
introduce me what is this no what is
this why why how much wine oh is that
how many balls are wider in there - yes
an extra over wine got wine over for why
what is this means overflow know it oh
shit I thought they were empty
they're all full no germs nice dog yes
please ice please
okay now what was it no there's no ways
it was this frozen strawberries no way
all great things must come to great
things we'll spend all day looking for
cocktail sausages and then all of a
sudden you finds the bony Cocteau
sausages ah Karen out himself turn
nothing because you're not having one
there online yeah you're having horrible
Mick Pig I was an old a little bronzer
can survive nuclear fallout they run
across the floor when your knowledge is
stampado
yeah yeah oh baby hey oh hello Snickers
count shit
got filled mouth filled last place I saw
in the city bigger spiky sea urchin are
you mean to passion oh yeah you got it
ah dragon yeah fish this stink to your
people chained me to a sweet : tuna Oh a
musty figure type of eg whale blue blue
blue skates another clothes empty light
black but it's not color this room did
I'd say wait please not one of these got
one yeah love you all thank you for
having us preciate it
right we're going is that is that light
nice and bright back there cuz that's my
Christmas present Ken exactly that's a
response of one it has to be right so
Alice and Carl are now going to be
exactly
wait infrared you want to see it so we
know you get foot bitch so I know I have
to race a car home before they get their
little eyes they can't get my house so I
need to go by I now find myself in bed
with the bit ah shit
but with the best tree ever it's a chalk
dip I'm so tired
basically it's not like one o'clock in
the morning I'm really tired and somehow
Alice you stand in my room how do we
know this oh look how messy it is it
says that she's me
again the trees are in the bed for calc
the hearts in the bed all sorts of
shells fired on me like three times and
these do if it really distinct I won't
like that to get in better get comfy and
every time I watched it I was like this
bed gets come here and smelly right
every time
why did you fire on me cuz I come
