today's the day that defender is going
in to get fixed you would oh hi good
morning kitty cat so this is your new
seat is it this is your right for what
this is your your bat Patrol all right
yeah I'm not try at you I respect it
bow to the king I understand I
understand Oh Steve versus his first
time a cockroach I've made it a bit
unfair cuz the copter which is on its
back playing dead by the looks of things
I want to see what he's gonna do he's
confused he's not I tell you oh boy
Steve no no no okay
Steve likes cause he's moving and you
got your alien that's what stuck out it
in a storm at the base of Mount
Kilimanjaro a caravan darou
I'm starting the defender up and it's
bloody windy
oh my god my baby
what the hell you do baby my glittery
baby oh my god how are you doing she
started I don't know why she would have
bought oh my god she started so I take
her into the defender today to get her a
basically checked out looked at see
what's going on I'm gonna keep her in
touch with the key people that I bought
it off because it got a six month
warranty on this car so hopefully within
that six month warranty it's gonna cover
whatever the problem is and if you find
anything else they'll probably just ask
me if I want to take care of it and then
we will do so my granddad
you just saw it's headed down to the
showroom now I'm gonna drive that meat
and he's gonna drive it back so let's
get this your Wanda Lord always W these
cute little Range Rovers mothers Oh cute
but you know what's not cute and it's a
mean beast that defender Riley where it
belongs named Rover Jaguar welcome you
see my granddad waving me where is it
very
these little gray head butt kick it out
jug you're like that's like your jugular
on steroids did it look he's much
ability spoiler on the back of it
strange not even a bloody seat for me
granddad oh my god hey you just did okay
can you know I know what you're after
this is your next car in it look at that
it's got a booty bottle of champagne in
the back of it oh my god
as XJ oh my god but all this jump that
these are the ones that they drive
everyone rounded I'm pretty sure this
might be what the Queen has the Prime
Minister and the Queen drive around in
style so I've dropped off the Land Rover
they said they're gonna try and get it
diagnose by the end of the day some
reason I've just got a bad feeling it's
gonna take like I reckon it's gonna be
there for like a week or two seriously
but send it in said goodbye I will be
back I love your mother and I love you I
ever been a low exhausts it's not an svr
especially if it's he's got spoiler you
see it's don't spoil all that pops up no
no no svr no four exhausts bad my friend
you are beautiful and I don't know the
words to any sons like gentlemen
sad little Bookshare baby happy by now
always make sure you have just roll over
prepared you alright we drained floors
already stings tonight dude I'm not
you've washed them it's nice
maybe you just got some smelly van
smelly feet look so Mike did it why I'm
really giddy today I granddad you just
missed the turn
we're supposed to be in that way
granddad cheers mate thanks for driving
me
give us a chase with your mug the size
of your body at all your earlobes one
thing you want to do before you die
nectar will make a will it's a stupid I
mean like adventure or do something like
that one thing what's the one thing
you've not done yet lice and your bucket
list I don't want to jump out of a plane
I just mean like I know one woman got
her tied to a plane yeah she said to me
she will unload you um and I must have
been laughing others she says I'll tell
you what have you jumped out of a plane
in cities you'd shit yourself yeah
that's what she said okay do it well she
went blind I'm skydiving
I'm skydiving well okay oh no no line
now okay so maybe she just randomly went
blind yeah maybe wasn't caught from
cosmic skydiving okay so you've not
actually got something that you ought to
take off your bucket list
no like before you die right is if
you're gonna die tomorrow but kind of
have you got anything on your bucket
list that you want to do that you've
always in you entail I've got god I wish
I could do that I won't force you to do
it at all I promise I won't force you to
do it what you got well you've clearly
got something if you're not telling me
what it is mine
well I definitely I go there's a film
called the beach it's in Thailand and
it's like a certain set of islands in
Thailand and I want to go to that beach
I know I don't but it's a big tourist
destination I used to be like your dad
tropical nice Island
now it's overrun by tourists I want to
go to that Beach just to go to it say
I've been I don't I want to sit there on
that beach and listen to moby pourcel in
the song No
won't disturb me on my own just relax
sorry what please put weight on no beat
it's snow fun when it's like this you
get it snowing it's actually snowing now
so I need that defender back and fixed a
sh god damn P and it is miserable also
this is a bit random but in the past
I've had people like this is aged like a
year ago now when I talked about doing
this extension a bunch of you will like
architects are you family were
architects something and sent in designs
of the extension I'm getting done and
that extension by the way is to take
that garage rather than it being there
is to be facing here obviously I never
spoke about this a lot there's a lot of
new people in now but that garage from
being there to sticking out here instead
so I can drive a car straight in and
then extending the house from up here
across it as well so like the house
becomes like an l-shape now people send
in the designs like on Twitter and stuff
like that but like I can't find the
design to send in I've got it saved on
my personal Facebook because the design
looks awesome but if you were one of the
people who designed the extension if you
actually worked for the architect firm
I'd love to get in touch with you
because one you did an amazing job you
look great you could perfectly find out
my house and - I want to get I want to
get working with the new architect on
designing this and getting it done so if
you can reach out to me like you've
written original email or something like
that with your design so I can tell you
is actually you and you've done it
that'd be great a bit random but I
really want to get the ball rolling with
this house so I see what I'm getting
done and it is going to get gold and
when it gets gold
that means I would be able to drive this
car so I need my defender back oh 1.5
degrees
oh god and it's coming down this is not
good I know it seems ridiculous but
they're in I know they are it's my
business
yeah delivery guy open the door like
this color got it got it
Karen hey Jo come for fry up I'm cooking
fat with my asshole come well that's
great your fry up no no come on Smee you
can't see my face when you can't see my
face you get scared look at your color
oh my god you beautiful yeah it's me oh
I was you know thank you thank you Oh
Ken's brought all my stuff from his
house this is a hooker that Polaroid
camera that makes me seem really old but
no all my cameras in here and stuff old
phones put phones
screams that's my first ever monitor
that's my first ever PC I ever ride oh
my god do you know what that was oh yeah
machinima gave me that what I forever
yeah when I first ever signed for this
house that I'm in right now when I first
bought meowstic barn not as an award to
say congratulations Wow
first ever speaker system Oh My lordy
everything from man is here look at all
those keyboards see what she's doing
who's not that's big it's peace
everywhere oh really oh really get there
didn't I was big keen that was smart or
clever
I don't be just said she was just look
at him he looks a bit suspicious he
started peeing
and then as soon as you showed him say
no you brought up and squirt be
everywhere what was today's message what
is it I want one for the view
yeah keep forgetting them not fortune
cookies I thought it was gonna be
similar to do with like good things are
coming your way or some other I realized
it's not fathering cookies anyway right
just got a phone call off guy salmon
Jaguar Land Rover and they've told me
that the defender is still in there
they've not had time to check it out
what are you doing no no you know you
know you know you're in trouble
you're absolutely in trouble anyway as I
was saying I've heard from Land Rover
Jaguar and he said that the the year the
defender hasn't or pretty hasn't been
able to be seen today so that sucked
however they're gonna try and get a
diagnostic by the end of the day which
by looking at the time is gonna be
pushing it because you've only probably
got hour left and they said they've not
had a chance to look at it once so
they're gonna give it a diagnostic check
over so I can't complain you're gonna
take a look at it once you take a look
at it they're gonna let me know and then
we're gonna we're gonna find out how
long the Jaguar is either gonna be one
off the road to gonna be taped to get
fixed and through it or three how much
it's gonna cost to fix it so as it
stands repair only defender oniy oh so
I've decided I'm a genius
every time I move a little a Gadsby
always pisses on the lips right okay and
I'm like oh no no no so now I've got to
let's raise so I felt this one whilst I
go and clean that one so if he's gonna
piss and poo anyway you're gonna piss a
poop in the next circuit rate rather
than on before yeah another bloody day
where the lads are I didn't I swear see
I I was tempted to go on a ride again on
my own but he says it's gonna be like
minus one degree right now and I'm like
no I've liked that shit oh well we
should ride in every condition
you know big through bikers even though
I ride an electric bike
however no one's riding and they've left
me all by myself again because they're
already at the program behind so
ripped my trainers here by the way these
are not the new trainers are just bought
you we slippy slippy oh no oh no no
comment no comment no cup mate you've
seen this mod you've seen it are you
seeing what I'm say oh wait what oh god
no no no no no which way bike there's a
huge fucking puddle can I even get round
this I don't think so oh my god ahh
--mess me Oh No don't I remember
yeah I remember when you asked you
theodred that's answered you spin it and
watching some oh and like would you know
stop doing this it's only hail stoning
but it's cold and it's gonna freeze no
no no yeah but that's actually not even
funny sorry I am vlogging it right so
this is this Danny by the way uncool go
fuck yourself you call anaphylactic
shock right so if he eats notes you can
go into anaphylactic shock where you're
gonna need an EpiPen if he eats knocks
we did just realise I mean in noticing
you handed me the EpiPen so you have to
wipe this down of it but this is what
I'm supposed to carry around yeah this
shape this size that's not right there
now pass on that joke but this is what
I'm supposed to carry around with me
every single day and I haven't done for
13 years because if I ever get stung by
a wasp
I've got jab this in your leg do you put
in your leg
yeah stop it on your leg along along the
sea on the Saudi leg and this is this
makes your heart beat faster so it
becomes oxygen faster because your
windpipe is closed up so you can't
breathe and that keeps you alive for the
extra amount of time before you can get
to a hospital and they put a tube down
your throat I should carry this but it's
now got no allergies on it so Andy I'm
gonna clean it
my name's Andy so I'm gonna take a note
for the vlog you know you you you
clearly gave me the EpiPen for the vlog
but you are drier yeah that last time
someone did that that didn't go too well
so no you I've got a question why you're
not getting involved in a sing-along
you've never seen this kid sing right
why don't we get single on where's my
dad when I need him oh this music got
really emotional the plain view is good
rough up bro it's so emotional
where's the beauty school dropout line
that's the line I won high school high
school introducing the barbershop
quartet no slippy everything G crossed
right now holy shit
this isn't even snow this is hail stone
holy shit hold it
Jesus Christ I'm crazy right it's
actually mega cold right now
kha'zix you can't get ohms it's fucking
I see it's freezing cold I'm going on
fucking Oh to tell if a car skidded
water warm cars cars cars cars cars car
meet this kitten all over the place
where's my defender where I need it make
whoever drove this car got lucky holy
shit without drove down a skidded with
the back tire nearly into the post
holy shit and holy shit
I just realized I've got a pack walk
past that dirty path Anna from Bravo War
I dodged earlier go through it and yeah
I'm exhausted cuz I run run it kept me
warm but now just realised doesn't
fucking matter so I'm gonna get wet from
this bottle okay nailed it oh my oh no
no look look how deep that is compared
to how deep is no no no I managed to
avoid that as much as possible then
steps in it last minute please Tony Tony
where's Kate Tony don't get me home same
again
snowing I usually would have one Rover
Defender but I don't is broken I can't
ride in the Sur snow what can I do
no snow
nope I wonder if everyone drove down my
road okay
oh wait skidded don't think so I'm
currently streaming and I've still got
my headset on so I can hear any
notifications going off from my stream
and I can hear people either subscribing
or donating but you didn't see a few
minutes ago when put some chicken in the
oven oh you did say I remember but
before I can a gunshots in my headset so
I've got be quick but I'm currently live
on Twitch playing pub G and I've got my
chicken strips they're in the gorge I've
now got to get back upstairs as quick as
possible before it's gotten the sub
chain hype dies or - what's that
R - R - R - R - okay
I get killed because right now I'm
currently laying in the middle of the
field near a tree and I'm about to show
you I got the chicken strips I got what
I need let's go just an FYI
my god do the chickens smell good they
smell good sprain/strain I'm back stream
I'm back I'm still alive oh my god did
you guys hear my fire alarm go off wait
did you hear it they actually heard the
fire alarm go off all your massive shout
out to these legends over here I need to
shout out to urban Falcon the goose bag
I guess the wizard thank you very much
Jason bacon gee thanks for coming mr.
hadas raymond walrus mr. pop dumb and
that the kazakhstan thank you all for
subscribing your legends oh my lord you
better know I'm out here playing
runescape
it's nearly three o'clock in the morning
but I need to give a massive shout outs
the amazing audience tonight you
subscribed all out throughout the stream
400 subscribers in a row what Tom fudge
oh boy
well it's not exactly snowed but it I
was like hailed a lot and it's left a
nice white powdery substance everywhere
which is frozen so I am probably not
getting up my drive tomorrow that said I
am tired I'm exhausted it is now five
o'clock in the morning I stream to six I
was really good stream much luck to
everyone who tuned in with me
but office of cabinet I have to keep the
door open there's still a storm brewing
I can tell I'm really really tight now
if I woke up yesterday it was just one
of those days I'm hoping that I can just
pull asleep now not be woken up not be
disturbed and just have one of those
days where you sleep good and wake up
even bad so I'm gonna end the vlog here
thank you very much for watching much
love to you guys face is Sun will be
coming up within the next hour
hopefully I will receive a phone call
jankura
land rover let me know what's going on
it won't get the defender back soon so
much love you guys are amazing
i'll see you guys next time oh I'll see
you guys tomorrow tell you us
