so this might make no sense to a lot of
people if you're watching this blog
right now but I just want to apologize
for what happened with today's vlog I
posted it it was a seven minute fifty
video but you should I grow I try to
vlog I loaded the video it was seven
minutes fifty long unfortunately YouTube
uploaded it and it corrupted it broke
and I tended to like a four-minute fifty
video for some reason so everyone was
like you you didn't even show what
you were doing in the video of a bla I
just want to say I'm sorry I would never
do that to you guys
you broke so I apologize honestly I've
now got what loaded through my ones
croco crack Wi-Fi which is probably
going to take me like three hours so I
apologize you got this so late tonight
hope you guys having a Merry Merry
Christmas Eve and all that style stuff
and I hope you have a great Christmas
tomorrow so until then you will see me
unboxing unboxing all these gifts
tomorrow because of uh my family so I'm
sorry about that much love how great
that good morning world of the internet
and oh my gosh am i a happy bunny I woke
up with my new curtains this morning I
know it sounds so boring and so stupid
but I woke up thinking I was on a
goddamn different planet because when I
had these closed it was so dark I
genuinely thought like I'd slept a full
day good morning Steve what do you do it
what are you doing okay I don't
understand Steve he's heat Matt's over
there but instead he chills on his own
windy day tingling now I am totally not
supposed to be here right now I'm
supposed to be a meal with my grandma my
not mind my dad's mom and all the family
but because this idiot decided to stay
playing video games on that last night I
only just woke up and I'm an hour late
to the meal we made it to row across
green kitchen home garden and it smells
like cow poo
there's cars here but dad's smart cars
there
I've nearly made it to the summit I hope
I'm going the right way
cuz I'm Bear Grylls we have Alice Gale
cow nun and dad and we're having a
little bit of it well it's not Christmas
Day dinner it's just a nice meal and
they've got this Christmas dinner on
Sunday dinner
what day is it it's Saturday it's Friday
today
ah my that livestream messed up my
life
I made a bad decision how come your feet
don't touch the floor and they they just
woken up like little kids listen my
Nana's left now that I'll tell her you
like Volvo
Warren sleep update I am so tired I look
so pale and I cannot wait to go back
home look I got home got bloodshot my
eyes I look crazy I cannot wait to go
home go back to that movie birthday did
nada
happy birthday to you hip hip hip hip
all right hip hip hooray
and one for good luck hip hip hooray
Scott wait wait wait wait wait what
smile with the catchment Michael Jackson
looking great show me a magic trick
where teeth show me a magic trick me
teeth
as a kid she used to chase me with a
teeth you gotta chase me I'm scarred for
life
can you please cos me please
meet your got wait
hey you big sister
I jokingly goodbye cow
come on girl love you dude I love you I
love you I love you combine outing
behind Leona bye guys
are you going love you
it's so cold tea tomorrow yeah
we'll see well we'll see how things
go
I'll cover thing go I'll come to tea
tomorrow right love you
yes where were you all the other day
trigger I was in my bed at a in the vlog
and all of a sudden my dad I was like
what are you doing here and he was like
I forgot to make you bet and if you guys
don't know my dad like kind of works I
mean I know it sounds so dumb that I
don't make my own bed but that is
literally one of the things that my dad
does maybe semi-retired I basically just
give him like a random job like you know
keeping the family employed and he came
and he made me better so I'm gonna get
off the floor from this quote I can come
and get in that so many people seem so
confused by that fact but it's just like
my dad semi-retired least 62 years old
and doesn't want to be like building
something so like I might kind of employ
him as a house maintenance man so yeah I
get to see him I get to see him all the
time I keep him close and he gets paid
for a job so it's perfect and now I have
my bed back my room is nice and cozy
well maybe two hours completely forgot
that like a week without the scratchcard
so I'm gonna get it done now it needs to
be done so let's see if we're gonna win
four million British pounds so do I
think we're going to win it he'll them
the first challenge is will we find this
symbol also that one in this to win all
right first one to potentially win a
hundred thousand is a chest
we lost next one to win a thousand is it
where is it away that's the chest all
right that's a safe damn it we haven't
found it next one is gonna
hey hey go BA and the last one's gonna
be gonna be was it was that I won oh my
god what'd I win I want to bone yeah
well anyway as you can tell from the
heavy breathing in the background I'm
watching Star Wars because after I watch
rogue one I was like to go home
immediately and watch balls and so watch
all of them in order and I need to wrap
up all my presents behind so thank you
very much for watching I hope you've
enjoyed today's vlog if you have make
sure leave a like rating subscribe and
I'll catch you guys tomorrow for the
next daily vlog I lost two your photos
I'll play something dudes then again it
costs 10 pounds so amount amount abound
the rest if I would anything is winning
money next challenge is it mine weighs
more than that I win so I've got to
scratch this one on so let's go alright
my first weight is twenty fours
there is 26 - say 24 the next one is 15
theirs is 16 - 18 there's is 21 we lose
Oh try again art my winning symbols are
going to be this is the third game I
either win if I find a wallet or a plane
alright first row let's take a look I
don't see a wallet or a plane I've got a
stack a gold key a pound of the house
and the next one's gonna be a limo a
diamond a bag and a boat damn it we win
nothing last but not least we have in a
row if the number if the two numbers add
up to 10 win a prize
alright let's say let's say 3 an 8 no 2
and 4 no 7 1 damn it
none this is someone successful and the
last one is were much too in a row to
win a prize okay - a row no to row no -
a row god damn it we lose we don't
really lose but we gain 10 pounds and we
pay 10 pounds pretty so I guess we got
to take it back get another one and see
if we win it would be great if we would
have one might even order thousand one
hundred thousand on Christmas Eve I've
been insane
