skirt Skeet Skeet Skeet Skeet there we
go it's done it's dusted we're checking
out the hotel room I didn't even give
this thing like a full review or tour
anything like that so there's the beds
this is where I couldn't sleep because
my dad was snoring the entire goddamn
night this is our level of view of the
parking lot where all the engines rev
the Carson woke me up in the morning
though it was great this is where I took
a poop every day it was great
look out you this is the cleaner port
thanks for staying at the link UHS kay I
don't know what that means but then my
dad wrote back have a nice day smiley
face thank you oh my baby she's back
oh god locked I just let the engine with
a few little revs as a family of and a
kid walked past me was like can you
rabbits by dead like it was like
someone was firing a 50 Cal in this
tunnel I it's my favorite thing about
the car is that the exhaust and the
sound we've had to kidnap flip flip
broom
she's tasty she's a tasty burger I'm
looking at shower that but we're about
to leave so finally yet to take the Jag
in the daytime on the Vegas strip yeah
looks so much better in the daytime I
think what my dad to see the full
Bellagio water fountain display
oh he's gonna he'll see it he's got his
fishing rod out the window with a GoPro
on it that is such an amazing hotel in
it it's just so cool the looks are I
don't remember that hotel the best and
like most iconic in Las Vegas because of
grand theft auto san andreas mmm-hmm
that palm tree wasn't in the way I'd be
filming it but as you can see this is
the goodbye from Vegas sign on the other
side it's the hello welcome
look at this tourists followed me all
the way from England all the way to Las
Vegas GoPro to his tits we've made it to
LA Viva welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas no
photo shoot is over we will be
drive carefully look what a perfect
track carefully just like that we're
done we're done with Vegas on the road
head back to LA unfortunate we've been a
pleasure to hang out with you wish I saw
you for he's been in been in hide
editing and it's all thanks to this guy
thank you very very much
elevate is the world's largest solar
farm with like loads of reflective
mirrors that point the big solar tower
and it just eats energy all day
doing a little pit stop right now we're
gonna get some food up the road but this
is the world's largest thermometer so we
brought the world's latest car spotted
there just take a photo of it I'm gonna
send it down at Jackie I'm gonna be like
it's lip food get him with his jab your
racing hat on and his jacket on you oh
you're in the fall for it oh my gosh
full rigor full rig nice it is actually
gone I spent that plan so late when this
thing's in the Sun you know it's like
the defying details carbon fiber over
here carbon fiber up there oh it is a
carbon fiber roof by the way it would've
been amazing if it was panoramic just
because like you'll see better and like
you know see more and then you can
actually suction cup a camera on the
inside like I did last time I went
racing it on the track look at it oh
just look at that color I would not
touch that right now that point burn me
I like how we pull into this town no
reason for me to be here or anything
like that but we pull in and there's a
family over there and as I walked in
they were like wait a minute what and
they recognized me side I love bumped
into funds in the most strangest of
places because we weren't we were going
to eat here but the jugular guys came in
so we said suck it
so lads if you're watching this vlog
there's nice to meet you
the biggest kind of coke I've ever seen
in my life
America yo this alien store is amazing
you got Alan chilling on the roof about
three islands on the roof sick oh this
is cool this is really really cool that
is just like the GTA one well not just
like it but it's an alien like a galaxy
peace patrol galley ship next one you're
right
oh yeah oh cool Oh mines they now go
check us in case we have any dank plants
dad
you got that dank dank ganja you
importing drugs into California because
this is what they're looking for and
once you go through this way
- thing called the ball rancher so
should be good rock and roll
look how big a train is oh whoa
go to my rise into horizon what that's
crazy
for the Train oh my god let's yell long
it goes fall oh my cusco uncle China
we're gonna build it and I'm gonna build
a wall make the Chinese pay for it I'm
joking I'm gonna use it wouldn't make
him out of these these crates my other
two hi as well still going still going
Yang Ming okay got all those I'm just
high desert refrigeration company yeah
literally in the middle of bumfuck no
still going still going see it I'm
liking it
right here watch this this is basically
tunnel tailor window and commentates
we looked like delivery company okay
still going
I like it I like it we've got CA CMAC
next computer work yo check that out
it's pretty cool
keep reborn go on that's the end of it
yes it was a big-ass train
No
okay out of anywhere we could go and
trouble around the u.s. we've made it to
a bottle ranch yeah how awesome is this
this is the most random thing good yeah
um whatever every every bottle is a dead
body that they've buried around the back
oh my gosh
she's just so this is a hipsters dream
oh look at that
what it's a proper old machine gun oh my
god a hook a gun I didn't realize that
it one has something unique on the top
of it
Oh another gun what is that Oh what this
is well cool this is well well cool
Mitch what do you think about this I'm
not sure
I scooped out the paints or to come out
yeah like one of his uh victims faces
glued to his gotta get you know stink to
piss oh go on you got put your head in
there took a photo that's crazy it yeah
is that is absolutely mad a brand good
whoa oh this on their day right now all
these guys are taking a photo with this
old man being Elvis called Elmer he's
been doing this for 16 years this guy
these guns
why the shotguns still work he just
welded them in certain places that no
one knows how to fire them or fix them
but he knows how to go around fixing
them so he said if a war ever breaks
he'll come here he'll show you how to
break him 16 years man and the first one
he ever did apparently is over here I'm
probably I'm not gonna find the specific
one but he said it was over in the
corner and it had some limbs on it and I
think it was just that one that hope
that was the first ever one just for
scale look how many there is it just
keeps going and going and going and
going
entry oh my word look at these
hummingbirds the ABC Nami birds yeah
dude I was so close to these it was one
more I could hear it 100 gone off
nothing has got some color on his chest
my dad is in love with this thing
don't even look real little birding if
you ever want to come here dan found
this place for us to check out we meant
to come here and like on the way toss
Vegas oh look look we were on the way
back it's called Elmer's bottle bottle
tree ranch it was bottle free right
Elmas bottle tree ranch super super girl
I'm like I'm just like hope don't try to
find all the guns and stuff
okay 47 a bread like this is so cool
bring the car offer a valet is like my
single scariest thing of all time one
day I carry just made it nicked no less
to wrap up a solid trip with the guys
we're going to boa for a nice juicy
steak oh no actually Lobster
now that is I'll talk hey I told you I
bring you somewhere good I'm sorry I'm
blinding you right now but breast crab
cocktail in style I told you I was
taking you for lobster is that if you're
impressed
yes oh my god Ken's going for the fatty
steak very nice very nice big glass of
red wine over there off you got the
Wagyu dangerous the squad rolling out of
bar in style the truckers hey Jack come
it's been a pleasure love you dude see
like oh now my dad's trying this
obviously catch it a bit all right I'm
taking if you're drive you can you can
judge my terrible driving skills done I
do believe these are yours
good bye
we said goodbye to Jack Uwe Oh living
can someone like for that I press the
trip pass tomorrow here in LA
just like drive around and like
CaptainSparklez and soften the carriage
so that could be really good convoy I'm
driving but yeah check your thank you so
much I really appreciate what you did
for me and my dad and like I can't wait
to tell I'm going to didn't show Makran
of the videos when I saw I'll be iPad
going for Christmas so he can watch the
vlogs so yeah I'm gonna go back to bed
now and I want this Walters upload this
phone go back to pencil man thank you
for watching much love make sure you
like rain let's see if we can m77 like
ratings and leave a comment saying jab
your is juicy house us 12x deadlock at 6
p.m. adios so
