844 and that's wrong 644 I literally
read that completely wrong umbrage what
ladies and gentlemen it is nearly seven
o'clock in the afternoon and we are
staying the day no you should find out
right here that your boy is uploading
the vlog it's yes seven o'clock and I
still don't got the vibe from yesterday
boy we should point out the fact that I
just got imposed to myself a brand new
call of duty zombies video on my main
channel so if you want to go check it
out I've loaded this yesterday I don't
want to be sorry my day so late today
but I didn't get out of bed till 5:30 in
the afternoon because that wasn't
totally creepy or anything
Bridey the fun of action is we need to
do some Christmas shopping but first of
all we need to do some food shopping for
Steven he's a hungry little critter and
he's each and Ollie food already I can't
believe it I'm hoping for love of all
God they have pet food in 50 because
Steve hasn't got any and the other place
is closed looks like it just got fresh
stuck in oh ye thank God I came today
Steve is gonna eat tonight
I was actually so worried there was
gonna be no food there cuz Steve at all
these food yesterday and the place that
I normally go to restocks their food on
Wednesdays so I was like please for the
love of God can pets at home have food I
always usually go to swell if I can
unfortunately they don't know any food
it I think plots the clothes now anyway
so can I go in all right
next stop go home feed Steve then after
that I've gotta go to the Trafford
Centre and do Christmas shopping this is
not a good at it time to feed a little
mine you must be absolutely starving
what are you up what what is that
position you just chilling well you
better be hungry because I've got a lot
of food right the start as Steven we
have a hopper you want it yeah you do
gone around and I'm damn damn damn
there's that nice good stuff okay so the
main course we have another hopper
Hellyer eager and order is you become
starving on there yeah you do some what
how does that water try it out so fast
Jesus don't get yesterday if Steve's
waters evaporated like it has done like
because as long as I've moved it so
close to the light actually but this is
what I do to try and hydrate and watch
for water on the enemies on the end of
his mouth go on you just did it come on
lick your lips there we go and again
all right there you go see I'm down look
at it come on get it in yet okay look
what look what Dad does for you nice
innit beautiful nice and fresh what a
happy little bitty drunkard you are okay
you fed you watered no I'm so happy yeah
my boys fed time to go to the trophy
center
wish me luck the feeling when you turn
up to the Trafford Centre and it only
takes you about three minutes to find a
parking space boom yeah turn the corner
and swim pulled up but but look at Aldi
alright no BMW i8 gorgeous oh it is
called as all folks out there but it
does seem pretty busy in here not a lie
and now I need to go to Selfridges and
that's about it but then I need to find
gifts for my brothers and my stepmother
so then what I have no idea I would just
get them a syndicate t-shirt but I don't
think they'd appreciate that I just
walked past you wearing that shirt I
literally just walked past and spotted
that shirt and was like there's no
 way so it was very much a good
that shirt he was wearing is limited
edition there's only 2000 in the world
and he happened to have one there we go
one item obtained I can now take one
person off the list but I still have
another six to go look who I found
haha
haha
oh my gosh
I'll it right so I got another gift so
we're sorted that's two I got a few more
to go and struggling these are the ones
but I think cool gifts are just good
ideas so the difficult thing is I would
usually film what I'm buying people oh
is this a good idea is this is good at
it but now all my family watches my blog
so I can because spoiler okay
so I wasn't going to show you the gifts
that was gonna buy for everybody but I
can at least show you one which is to
Ariella
my goddaughter but I don't know what to
buy someone between three to six months
like though I am a troll thing but will
they know what to do with it will they
just stare and lick it which I think the
answer is yes so I'm kind of stunned
right now I'm a bit disappointed with
England we sell Twinkies here but choc
Twinkies where are the standard ones
this is a moshus either a mid shopping
snack going for a bit of your sushi it
is probably the best that you can get
from the girl shushing it's the popcorn
shrimp tempura and the chicken katsu yo
sushi solid eight out of ten but now I
need to do some more shopping so let's
go
alright so this is the point where I say
it's really nice meeting you guys which
it is but if you're gonna leave a note
on my car and it's just paper you might
not want to do it in my conditions cuz
now I'm gonna have to get my car washed
cuz it's stuck to it so James Gunn's I
think you owe me a car wash man I didn't
do that out of armor and he'll I wasn't
a sticker that he slapped on my cab what
James yeah I'm glad like gladly saw my
car and wanted to say hello we asked me
to follow on Twitter which I'm not gonna
do I'm sorry but I don't probably button
to it like that but yeah I appreciate
people don't touch the carrot all like I
do have a pretty subtle car it's like
it's not easy to spot but I have a
private license plate so that's how
people spy out know which I'm very aware
of that's why I made public that's my
fine with it
but just don't touch youtubers
properties cars or anything okay because
that's why it happens they'll come off
with water wherever yeah sure but I ask
at the car wash now it's got a bit
sticky to it because it's the back of a
receipt went to the shopper this is a
receipt a clothes receipt for oh my god
he spent the total amount yeah the
actual amount that you spent came to
1337 and it's got details on her as well
so ok wait would he get I got KFC I
think single with Wicky a got KC there
you go so I had all these Mis
calls off my phone that's mine for my
own I was like I won't expect everyone
but when I look at who it is it was it
it's background cleared on my desk of
any clutter that's on there I say any
club there's still a little bits and
bobs and stuff but it's looking much
neater and much tidier and I'm tempted
because I've still haven't built it's
infuriating me I'm pretty sure though
the reason why we didn't build it is
because we got one box two books we were
supposed to receive a third box and we
figured it's gonna come out the next
week it never did or the mail mistakenly
were supposed to send it that's how
stupidly complicated thing that's what
we thought was the process of oh wait
for one more thing but we might not even
mean need one more thing so I think
maybe in the new year after I get back
from traveling we're gonna build this
bad boy up because I'm liking my corner
desk but as you can see if I look at my
chair upstairs Tom have been rotating my
chair it keeps scratching on the wall am
I thinking of an of it because I need to
get this wall painted anyways I've got
to hide these but I really need to stop
this from happening so as much as I love
the curb but here I really really do not
think I need it so if I just go back to
a normal straight desk Oh give him room
give me space and I'll be able to raise
the desk up and down so yeah hopefully
this will not be an issue anymore
new ecology zombies video is playthrough
it's a long one like a really really
long one trying to see something funny
though I decided to bring the big bad
boy camera into play today and the
actual setup looks great the quality of
the FaceCam looks good the gameplay
looks great so what I'm gonna do now is
I'm gonna try and render it into video
and you can see it's probably gonna say
it's gonna take around maybe three to
four to five hours so take yes now how
long it's gonna take I'm gonna press the
ball and see how long it's gonna say and
then shoot myself
yeah damn son three hours thirty minutes
to turn this into a video now this is
exactly why I used to do my videos in
like zombies part 1 part 2 part 3
because if I have to do it in like one
big video that takes one big render
amount I'm a one big upload if anything
goes wrong said there's an audio issue
or visual issue or anything then that
means I have to rerender out the entire
video and that can basically mean an
entire day ever refix in itself that's
why usually doing parts might have to go
back to that eventually because this
process just isn't convenient enough
poor for every other day at the moment
I'll stick with it just love Yankee
Candles completely forgot we bought them
but I got more Yankee Candles for me
like I've now got some for my bathrooms
my dining rooms and now my lounge I
don't know I've got to because she can
be a competing smell but we have the
flavor or smell of icicles and also why
Christmas so I'm putting the white
Christmas one in the Christmas tree area
so let's go bang get over here you need
to look a lot like a Yankee white
Christmas yeah everywhere you look wait
business even small eyes just got it cuz
it's Christmassy ha ha ha oh god that's
welcome that's actually really really
nice now this bread went out of date
two days ago ok but my dad and everyone
I know in my life has always said if you
don't see mold on it anything it's
probably okay
no the safest assumption in the world
anyway in a book because I've got some
bread and it's gonna go out a date I
want to eat it so but I find two slices
that ant mold-infested but to go oh mood
what I'm actually feeling pretty genius
about this idea so I don't have probably
the main ingredient to be able to make
it omelet which is milk I think that's
the beginning well obviously the main
ingredients eggs I have eggs but I don't
have any milk drank all that this
morning cuz I'm gonna do oh no way oh no
I did I actually got that excited
there's a carton of milk hidden
behind my orange juice
you sneaky bastard cuz in that case I'm
making an omelet and I'm gonna cook
bacon and put the bacon in the omelette
 genius I can show your
 I can actually cook and
you know actually cook it's an omelet
snow exactly the most difficult thing
but I think it on work is probably like
the first thing I ever got taught to to
make like he didn't say beans on toast
some sugar you know cook beans on toast
you might great the goddamn beans if you
put them in the over the phone but yeah
so gonna mix in
how I'm gonna teach you guys a life
lesson if you don't know how it needs
some eggs
obviously it's a normal it's made with
eggs we're going to put on our extractor
I'm not going to be tutorial like washer
chill out but basically I'm gonna need
something to mix it in you can do two
eggs but I'm gonna do three for some
goddamn reason but you're going to crack
these eggs into this not get the shell
pour it all into it whisk it up add a
bit of milk add a bit of butter but a
whisk it all whilst you've got the oil
on the pan heat your knob and then
you're gonna pour it in and I'm gonna
cook the bacon separately cuz you're
gonna eat it with it so you let see how
good this is gonna go now I know what
people who use a knife to do this with
but I just absolutely beat the out
the egg I just absolutely smash it to
pieces like and then try and hold all
the egg shell together so that sort of
noms got in so far so who want two out
of three I'm excited I'm excited all
right okay oh that with a lot of has a
lot of egg pieces did we get any egg in
there you got a little bit of shell but
don't worry you can just fish it out of
the pockets fine
it it wasn't actually part of the shell
it was like part of the egg you like a
black piece so actually three out of
three
no eggshells in there so now you got
these your whisk it all together with a
fork or a whisk
I just use a fork it's it's pretty
simple know where you're going where you
got excuse me 22 ounce cooking on one
all right I just whisk this together
this whisk at Mitch please gets all
mixed once you like one nice pick your a
well nice firm lies glad to do it too
long so you get a mix against why I look
so it's all mixed together well that now
going to go in for a little dollop I
don't know what a little dollop means
but I'm going to say about that much
more the vault is going to be difficult
to mix into it but don't worry about it
and then perch in the milk
you don't have to shaken up but I exist
imprison then we're gonna put in a split
and splash I don't know how much was put
in yeah a milk I've never actually done
it in proportional sizes like to measure
it like LT voles brew a tea Bowl spoon
on just made a mix between the boat ball
yeah I just put in like what I'm used to
doing and then it just seems to work
then I'm going to put some salt some
pepper sure if you're lazy like me then
you can do this my last thing of getting
salt and pepper already mixed together
so then you don't need two of them so
just going to crack this into there but
first of all we need a little bit of
the pan a little bit of oil very nice
and we need some oil over here oh
forgot to turn this one on obviously a
shout-out to you suck at cooking in a
bed for pepper pepper very nice did say
I was going to make it omelette I've
actually never really perfected being
able to make the omelette not burnt on
either side I know it sounds stupid
he supposed put it on a low heat or
whatever I'm gonna make scrambled egg
and so it can be scrambled egg a bacon
so I'm gonna put my bacon in maybe this
one scrabbling I don't know whatever I'm
just gonna cook all right mmm it smells
nice that pan was way too hot for the
eggs anyway alright throw it throw in
some slices of bacon in here some Dickon
and their shows probably gonna go for
three maybe four Slice I took three more
than you it was way too much oil in this
pan oh my god way too much well I'm
probably just going to end up don't I
should have cut these up and then just
blown it into pieces inside and why did
I do not do that inside out and not
inside oh I managed to flip it in one
successful flip but this is what always
happens to my my own words they always
end up looking like pancakes bacon is
looking crispy pancake is I mean he
 it within the space of a few
minutes I think we're ready to serve I
actually do have a plate warmer I think
is this this is it yeah it's like a
plate on a nicer plate man this is a
plate warmer you put your dishes in here
and turn it on when you put you over on
and it keeps your plates warm for when
you put your food on it so it doesn't go
call bought I'm feeling pretty confident
about this like I don't know if it's
done but I'm going for it you ready oh
damn
I said that's actually a random looking
looks like a cake but looks like a cake
but it looked that was weird
and now photos are very good this is not
how you put very kind of play well you
know what it will do now since is the
bacon I could if I wanted to drizzle
that bacon often in tissue paper to get
some of the fat off but I like the fat
flavor so it's whatever well I could do
is if I lay the bacon on one side and
then look over the omelet mate so I look
at that now just coming to it I can eat
the bacon oh wait you smash your glass
you like oh it's just a glass I smashed
it but as you get older when you smash a
glass that means that the set of glasses
that you bought is now one step closer
to being completely in tab like just
destroy it because what I've
one of them left like four of them left
and four of them if so you know when you
around to someone's house and they have
like 10,000 different cups you like okay
to go in on them they got no sense of
like organizational style it's because
you break them
unfortunately you learn the hard way
this is gonna go Cole if I don't eat a
bit of it that quick just to tell you
guys what it tastes like nice and one so
I'm gonna cut straight into a piece
that's got a bit of bacon and a bit of
the egg into it I'm not gonna put any
extra salt pepper onyx I think it's got
enough on it already on the taste it
actually tastes really really good
really really good this outside textures
a bit rubbery but listen that's just cuz
I pretty much overcooked itself Israel
is both really nice perfect snack at
5:30 in the morning I'll take it
six o'clock right now I've only just
finished editing the vlog about to start
uploading it as we speak right now so
apologize for it being late but I woke
up really late and then I just got
distracted with people be around at the
house so nonetheless I hope you enjoyed
this vlog if you did make sure you leave
a like rate and subscribe that video
actually finally finished rendering out
you'll find out in tomorrow's blog I got
trying to blow that I'll show you how
long that's going to take it's gonna be
ridiculous but hope you did enjoy it
make sure you click that subscribe
button and the bail notification and if
you actually have clicked the bail
notification and turn to notifications
for all things from this channel make
sure you screenshot at me and sending me
once where I want to see like how many
people have done that so my link to
Twitter down down below as well so yeah
catch you guys tomorrow experience the
new daily vlog asari alerts
