now this can't be right this can't be
right it's nighttime outside oh my
goodness
dad care to explain I'll see we mr. day
I also to think we missed a day probably
not what I need to be doing after a
night out of drinking how you do it look
at you in live streaming no shots like
got that move it around look at this
so need this one Wagyu man I can do this
I can already right yes my poor dad is
so from grief from food not even last
night that I went going some pizzas or
hope he's a happy happy man when I give
him this oh my god
found it we made it to our destination
Haas dogs and look at these names for
hot dogs incredible hey we finally got a
good choice good decision
oh my days can you is that yours that's
not you can you lift the top of that
just so I can see what's under it's like
seats gonna give you all the little
buttons then oh oh oh that's mine yeah
yes oh my god tots coming this is insane
this is just ridiculous they they're
just fries that's not gonna sausage wow
wow wow wow that's badass I love it I
love it I was glad I did I look dead
surprised like why I would at first we
defend this fork in his nose
and he's wondering why his nose is
sweeping that's such a fucking idiot
you're like mr. okey dokey right you
stay in a half full and rest okay like
10 o'clock at night right now so yeah
it's not telepods note say goodnight to
the internet I would know what is going
I won't dad the part the part is never
the same without you don't worry I'm not
like a bun in my dad we're just
exhausted like we traveled to go to that
hotdog place and it took us like over an
hour to get there and but I was just
like suck this I'm gonna go to the hotel
get food and just rest because he's
absolutely exhaustible props to be paid
so hard last night he's just completely
roll off today hey I only invite you to
Vegas for a reason the most blitt game
ever
how much how much did you win $30 I'm
rich all right yeah this is like one of
the oldest gambling games in fuckin
Vegas but it's it's amazing but so we're
all here playing it pretty sure this is
the line to get into the club but I
can't tell you what makes that line
worthwhile pigeons firing laser beams
through the fucking eyes bro their
fuckin eyes bro we need one of four to
win if one or four wins it's a $200
Richard well no it's a 210 return come
on come on
so we're gonna win and we win it what's
happening sorry dude
oh you got it hey you wouldn't you won -
fuck you won seven quarters but you bet
50 lon hey I only invite you to Vegas
for a reason the most blitt game ever
how much how much did you win $30
outlets all right and they can imagine
came back happy Tom have you made one
ah
oh by the way this clock is pretty
fucked oh my god
oh we went in the 15 came back out dude
come on you can do this you can do this
beat the high score man you can do this
oh whoa whoa look at the composure in
Angelo or a face the face of
determination the face of not being beat
wait wait who got 62 you got 60 to 69 oh
this is the poorest attempt I've ever
seen come on Josh
you could go yes you can do this I'm by
the way I'm one be warning Josh at
basketball I don't play basketball sir
josh is currently at 22 with a whole 12
seconds left
oh wait
you ready this is the decider this is a
designer I got to go
oh he knows he knows he knows he's done
it
damn son holy shit
nice Oh
ninja-style I can't do it a tickle I
take a long time okay it's moving on you
I love you ah shit we're ever gonna put
it
solder is it in a fast one one time
how's your glowy stuff
young stallion backing back i was just
look at it pretty look inside
are you gonna go for it God go on you
can my fault
oh we managed to make it
man Josh Bazar
immediately
yeah
big asleep
you
never be
we were totally about to jump into a
taxi but then we were about to jump into
this and then apparently for the same
price being like $40 which will actually
cost as much to get home we're getting
in the bus I'm pretty sure it's a pipe
or so Godspeed we're making a mistake
for the price of a taxi you can get this
I don't know alright so right now I'm in
the club I'm shouting because it's so
fucking loud but like the guys who work
in they see celebrities all the fucking
time Butler you're starstruck yeah
hearthrug like I'm a rapper zoom pump
where this on with a long time but this
guy this guy's a minute
oh this table serves as well for the
night we had fun I have no idea that
jumpers but nonetheless well we're going
home boys I'd like to say I turned up to
this place because I was like oh my god
we've been tutors but now I came here
literally just for chicken wings and for
the record these chicken wings mmm
crap Chuck nine point five out of ten
nine point five solid absolutely solid
oh but I'm going to bed cuz it's fucking
cold
oh look nobody in here nobody how you
doing all right can you believe I'm
still awake no dude that's like you boys
this will be Ozzy's place ah ha ha got
EEM uh no dude still awake fuck I need
to sleep uh oh my goodness me it's 12
o'clock enough new right now I just woke
up I haven't even had that much sleep
I've probably had like a four hours
sleep well I'm feeling fresh I'm feeling
good I don't sound it I'll probably look
at what god I'm feeling so much better
than I did yesterday but nonetheless
I've gotta wrap up this vlog but before
I do you guys know that like and
sponsored by Razer work with rage and
stuff like that and they're doing the
people Choice Award for CES 2017 so if
you guys want to vote for razor which
we'd really appreciate if you can
because razors won it every single year
for like eight years
People's Choice Award if you guys want
to vote for it'll be a link down
description click it click on raise his
name vote for them I really really
appreciate that and hopefully we can get
up on the stage and film the the like
acceptance era me that should be pretty
good dumb sweet so if you do that for me
that would be amazing which loves to
your faces don't limit that's gone I
woke up and there was a menu on his bed
so is either abandon me as his child and
he's gonna find someone else
oh yeah he's just gonna get food you
know that's probably the simplest answer
but yeah thank you very much for
watching guys I love you all and I will
see you guys tomorrow for the next day
block ice arias codes
