ah really Jason really jason blundell
are you serious right now
really really bein so used to these
murders checking out your shoes boom
boom in your doing ever since I put that
rock there all you do is sit there and
just wait no one day if I have a
successful way but Steven like this like
that and he does it back that means he
knows that I'm like the alpha male and
he's inferior to me wait right I now
have all this food in my cupboard and
all this food in my freezer
and I decide to make myself the perfect
meal of a dairy league dunker Blake gee
I've got the Christmas wait there my
Christmas cards I got my Christmas cards
written out for one I got granddad added
up legend I've got band master and that
girl unrelated to Alison cow
my dad's Twitter handle I got Gayle
ecology Massengale slash moment American
and then I've got my mom who's named
mother masters British you can get
really so I'm gonna eat this koron drop
that off for everyone and wish them a
very Merry Christmas I can't leave it
such that almost Christmas is kind of
like insane yeah just realized I haven't
open like ten of these doors just turns
out that's not enough food to film you
up sort of Sally - I give myself a mr.
Worf mm oh all right which one is my
granddad's where is it this one there we
go I don't know what it is but it's good
nonetheless
I made you my gumbo pause let's see if
we'll fall for this there he is look at
him little rascal see watching the tool
okay see when they spot it the way if I
stand on this this is so gonna break
probably
it is wait is he asleep no it's no what
is he doing I don't know how he didn't
just wait did you see me I think he saw
me quick let's see if he opens the door
and sees his card
yeah I do but you're asleep then all
right whoa nice goodbye that man
catching a bit all right okay farewell
for now granddad oh well Fidel that's my
dad's card love it now on to our son
Carlo made it twice his house
Oh Cassie yeah but I don't think she is
no one's home I think everyone's doing
their Christmas shopping which is
probably what I should be doing as well
don't believe it
another person I've come to drop off a
card and say hello to around Christmas
time they're not in they're not in like
like a feel abundant I've come to visit
every single family member
oh no well to me that my granddad was
alive alive oh my god oh it was in she
hit the pad I feel like everyone's gone
I'm alone I'm gonna learn some ranger
all by myself well I'm going on plane
God absolutely everyone is busy out
Christmas shopping all my mates don't
want to go out and do anything I want to
go see the new Star Wars so I'm gonna
see if his tickets available because
there is I'm going to the cinemas on my
 hogs I'm so excited to the Star
Wars and no one wants to go and watch it
so I'm gonna try and see on my own if I
don't
I think this vlog should be called the
loneliest of all I'll get ever because
I'm going to the cinemas on my own and I
just went and got takeout Nando's I got
a chicken burger I'm going sitting in my
car eating it and then go ahead and
watching the film in about two minutes
so yep really depressing today May rogue
one was sick whoa the UK is so foggy
today like London's worse than this but
holy look at it mother of God look
how foggy it is you ready full beams
what the like laser beams oh my
entire road is so foggy right now look
at that just looks like aliens of London
the house is looking nice and cool and
that's a job placement God so where I'm
going cook myself some food let's see
how this give us all my cousin's text me
like come out come out come out and then
I got my brother texting me to go out
with him as well so I think the point is
be smart
food I've gotta wait 40 minutes for that
eat my food go see my brother for a bit
down at the pub and then potentially go
down to Manchester didn't I say this
week was a week of no partying and
drinking it's the it's the build-up to
Christmas it was inevitable inevitable
egoic a now this countless of wool
that's all this looks a little bit burn
it should go nice and tasty when it's
out of the pot nom nom nom nom it's
pretty good to be honest yeah I'm a fun
man as the day's progressed more and
more I'm getting more and more tired
make sense but like what the hell I'm
just so exhausted I generally think I'm
sick to be honest just cuz like my arms
feel like my body feels weak that sort
of support Oh No maybe I just need to
man up and just deal with it but they
just realize didn't give you guys a
review of rogue one now in summary
awesome film I think it's set between
like the third and fourth film with some
more long lines but it's like set in
between not like after all a brand new
one or something it's a Star Wars story
or movie like whatever but it's a good
film I give it a solid 8 out of 10 I
really recommend you go watching it it
would be disappointing for yourself if
you haven't watched every other Star
Wars film because you'll see what the
Easter eggs are out and you're like ah
that's really good but 8 out of 10 it
drags out a little bit some of the plot
seems you like really how did that
person not die or how did that
stormtrooper not just kill them then
like lots of that but it's so worth it
for the end the end act is incredible
the scenes are so good and the
Easter egg of how it all ties together
is perfect it's absolutely perfect
really really recommend you go and watch
new so eight out of ten
rogue one score from sindhikka but I am
dying I thought I was getting ill and
this is now the next day I'm definitely
gettin oh I think I've got like flu or
something like that hopefully it passes
before Christmas but I'm drinking why I
like crazy I'm taking tablets like crazy
I just felt like really down yesterday
now is that or maybe just a hangover
from drinking that before but no I'm
pretty much getting sick which kind of
sucks over I might up deal with it and
everything will be good to go but I've
woke up today like 3 o'clock good
afternoon it's now 5 o'clock and so
tomorrow so tomorrow's vlog is gonna
suck however I'm going spending the
night with my
mom Alice Kyle and Darin so should be a
good night nonetheless so I have to go
now thank you very much for watching
I've fully lost my voice now because of
coughing all the time make sure you
leave a like great subscribe see you
guys tomorrow
xx p.m. for the new daily vlog Wow I
really am dying thank you very much for
watching and a Sardar
