ready to start a day right dad
plot twist we're not actually going in
an svr we're going in an old-school
Jaguar don't you what are you doing
trying to open it you see you're
probably sure yeah I'm truly
back in America I'm going for a naked
drink I know you can get these in the UK
but I'm gonna go for a mango my team I
don't like for the record I can not
English this morning whatsoever Allah is
a vehicle wow that is beast mode the a
how to survive a zombie apocalypse 101
oh my gosh
belt Allah is built the fuel jugs on the
back as well it is the slight calm
before the storm
dad's chilling in the corner over there
oh wait wrong guy you know you know what
you do it's your old buddy right that
was called me and my dad a sat here
eagerly like kids at Christmas aren't we
waiting for Santa to turn up cuz we're
waiting for the Jaguar it's like 12 now
we knew there were gonna be half an hour
late so we're waiting and waiting and
right hang that's watching the vlog
you're liking that like in the vlog what
are you doing I'm waiting I'm nervous
back for two Trump battery three woo
yee-hoo drum battery for all charged oh
man I forgot I had this book I don't
show you guys in the vlog this look how
amazing it is the book that when I went
there I bought this as part of like the
package so like when I went and saw the
pole about look how scared I am yes Oh
Jeff yeah we got Brad looking amazing
that guy got in the pool then that was
pretty naughty but oh it's got Billy
Liberty I'm terrified again there that's
great oh that's a sick photo he's a well
good the bear is the more it's more look
is it yeah my dad went running off like
a giddy little school kid as I'm about
to do but look like left his camera
behind look at this lineup of cars we
got the F face and the SVR looking
mighty fine is is cameras clearly
get them and we got the driver and check
this out check your racing oh damn
you're the man you're the absolute man
look at this bad boy
I get to drive this bad boy now for like
six hours we're going to Hollywood sup
look at it it's nice
this thing is so damn nice look at it's
got like this suede interior look at all
fancy and everything right you start you
up you're Eddie Oh
saucy my dad is actually waiting all the
way down there for me to drive past and
give it a little bit of a rev and then
we're going to the Hollywood sign to do
some light for some filming and stuff
and then we're heading right to Vegas oh
my gosh Jaguar I have to love you jug
you erasing you guys are incredible this
car is a mammoth it's absolutely
beautiful life when I can get on some
roads and we're gonna rev this bad boy
I'm flooring it it just sounds
incredibly drives incredible I cannot
believe I'm back behind the wheel of a
Jaguar SVR and not only laughs I'm on
the right-hand side
oh my gosh thank you so much how loud is
this car very loud ladies and gentlemen
may I present to you the Hollywood sign
ohyeah how close do you wanna get oh
it's a shame it doesn't say holy weed
little bin footage you get it on camera
damn it oh yeah look at your little
tourist you having fun yeah we beat
Danny though I'm happy about that
good I really really did not even get it
first of all oh my gosh that was just a
pleasure driving this thing from my
apartment
to the Hollywood sign oh that sounds
really nice
by the way I just know it's the license
plate says dantdm rest of the team
turned up cars looking beautiful not
quite as nice as this one is it no no no
no is it coming yet okay what's that one
problem dad we don't have any keys as we
were filled with that little segment up
there why can we not get on the windows
I could have a lift um yeah we forgot
the keys yeah we weren't gonna get far
without worry I'm take two we don't lose
these guys I can't believe I managed to
lose the night I was driving looked up
and was following a BMW not a Jag you it
made no sense whatsoever but dad's
having a go now dad's out ago now it's
got about an hour for driving for my dad
to get to in and out I'll be getting
through a look at what what's your plan
on the roof
and whoa that's amazing that's me on the
road again ohyeah
you better know I'm connecting my audio
device or device device sorry or Dava
you just refer to the Jaguar f-type all
right where is it where is it Jaguar
f-type Oh whilst I remember as well
massive shout-out to the fun that I met
near the Hollywood sign all the way from
Pakistan how insane I came all the way
from England to LA happened to go to the
Hollywood sign and meet a fan from
Pakistan on real circumstances for that
happened he was an absolute pleasure
mate oh yeah we swing in that booty turn
it up
sounds of syndication baby oh yeah
Hey are you having a laugh if you want
to be spoiled for choice no no way
it's got four different speaker systems
at three four different makes it's got
the standard ones you know which just
standard it comes in the car kawaii
and then you've got MIDI room which is
like the sick sick sick one it's got
Dolby and then DTS whoa oh man I need to
go snowboarding look at the about a
powder on the mountains oh my god
oh I need to go many other captures
Michael's been texting me like crazy to
her to go snowboarding again so
hopefully I'll come out here what's cool
squat squat squat squat squat squat
squat best food stop na yeah North
America in and out I don't have you know
this is legendary moment yeah can I get
some some SWA particular chore boy
attend their integer okay all right
that was worth the wait 18 alright I had
no idea but damn got fries and this is
done by the way from drag eraser good
there you go here you better before but
in the fries you got chillies on it
never seen this before but Oh nada oh
good nope mm-hmm no I was gonna bite
fully into that no way that's way too Oh
all right we're doing another taste test
this time animal style fries okay
oh no no oh it's mixed it's mixed up
that's hot go on
first your reaction that's like burger
sauce in it a bit random yeah it's
caramelized onions right I just wouldn't
do that you don't look like you're
enjoying yourself why would you do that
okay then dear everyone at jag you if
you're watching this can we just give
down a pay rise because someone came
over and asked about the car and he's
giving him a full tour of the car I
won't be surprised if he gives him like
a driving session in it wait that guy's
fallen in love with it so he's doing a
great job but we're rigging this all up
now with GoPros four days and then we've
got some weight how long do we stay on
the road he said like two I'm sure it's
about four hours for me it's very good
yeah well fat for innit
she look at that clouds coming in and
the sun's going down hang it in park
okay let's go I'm actually pretty sure
that that is the back end of them like
snowy mountains and that's like I
usually come up here and go down into
the mountains and of the backside like
when the other ones oh yeah now I don't
usually go up the backside look at the
drastic difference from right to layer
of cloud to left like snowy peaks cloud
all sorts and then desert this is why la
is amazing oh look at this
zombie response vehicle like it drove
past me with a biohazard sign on it and
I was like what is the hot that is
amazing
brilliant pit stop number one fueling up
both the cars I want to see how much
that's actually gonna cost one
especially cuz we're in America and to
the size of the engine we've got about
quarter of a tank left now and I'm going
into the corner store which is
conveniently on a corner
what $26 10 gallons how many liters is
that leave it god this is I don't
know clue we asked you a girl that's
beat it basically forty five liters
five liters oh there's been a long drive
long drive I am very very tired but this
car is a beast I love it to pieces I
mean I'm actually in love with it but we
made it to the strip we're gonna find
our hotel what the hell's going on that
whoa
that looks awesome big zipline thing you
can do oh oh oh my god I want to do that
so bad yes dad
that we've made it to Parkman vegan nice
we made some Paris look Eiffel Tower we
made it to Zee hotel
it's now in the hands of the valet I
said give it a big rap all right Oh
magician well my dad wants to go on the
the big wheel of fortune don't ya I
think it's just called the big wheel as
someone oh there we goin yeah house and
what is it oh it's a DJ graffiti artist
nice mac and cheese
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes I have
missed America Dan chose me
Oh yo you drank my posit the just
realized I totally forgot to cheers with
a big cuz we already drank it but look
how many beers they have along here
that is insane right we've met the rest
of the team I'm going to bed
can ruin to syndicate sure today by
putting a jumper on top of it other man
syndicates work sure hey don't jump
bad-mouthing the clothesline listen
you're not getting a room tour yeah
because you're getting it tomorrow but
or in the hotel now if it was like where
did you go apart in Raven I'm exhausted
alright Christmas was so much part in so
much drinking new year was so much
partying and drinking last night was so
much partying and drinking so I'm
finally having a damn rest but yeah
amazing amazing day massive thank you
once again for Jaguar they like cool
cell like food without me my dad well
awesome like like family event for us to
be a family event a family you put a
family thing for us to be able to do
just to drive a car and then that's it
like it was just an awesome opportunity
of them so thank you very much to to
Laura and to Dan like a Jag a racing
team you guys been legends and just
thanks for organizing it and yeah we're
here for like five days so let's see
what we have in store and you want to
say good night to the world say don't
get naked we're doing I just want to say
wool good night
I'm jugular thank you oh that's nice
talk tomorrow thank you very much for
watching much love to your faces and us
harder studs
new vlog tomorrow at 6 p.m. and I'm
gonna try my best to get it because like
obviously the time difference that I
forgot about yesterday I'm trying but on
that note there's gonna be some awesome
 happening whilst them out here and
I'm gonna be filming a lot of text off
because we're going to CES Consumer
Electronics Show so let me know what you
want to see me film like the a store or
whatever in the comments down below so
until tomorrow at 6 p.m. much love and
adios
