oh we look at that what a beautiful day
a difference makes oh what a what what a
difference of beauty what I don't know I
think I was going for something along
the lines of wow what a difference a day
makes and it's so beautiful outside but
instead I completely balls up starting
today with some really really fluffy
hair and to fix that problem done oh man
did I have a weird-ass dream last night
I understand a dream that I somehow got
accused of killing my friends English
teacher in the dream world I killed his
English teacher and like the police were
investigating me the entire time like
they gave me drugs cinema I went out
drinking Lee put truth serum in my in my
beer and stuff I had to try and find out
whether or not I did it and then somehow
I ended up transformed into a frog it
was like the weirdest shit ever but
nonetheless I'm awake now so fuck that
dream I guess it been ten plus two is a
good time to get some breakfast now
that's what I call service boom they go
got all the food for syndicate original
myself Tom McCollum is absolutely office
I'm going I woke up so likes he's give
me that it's Ben Affleck few hours now
but I like I went in there to buy food
and ended up making a syndicate original
sale like I literally have the order
sheet for the syndicate original order
on a book a piece of paper so success
never did I think I'd see the day
Tom McCallum's car would be here brass I
tell you what I do love my Audi I love
it to pieces but Tom's fucking
Volkswagen is beautiful we got we got
Alex we got my mum and we got Tom I
should have clapped mine there next to
it and be like full squad goals but his
parkings okay look in the lines there's
a crock of fucking wank and alice is oh
look at that I wonder where she gets it
from maybe your mother
that is also uncle Wang either way let's
go and drop a salute
no where is he how depressed you
Tom's Minh doing the mindless job before
what shows how you do it was that it
wait how they already pre-folded have
they already got tape on them I did it
you've already pre taped them a note
yeah
give us a tutorial oh poor Sam McCollum
some I'm enjoying you the first day of
work just chilly just chill it poor poor
lads turned up here it's got no socks on
so he's freezing in the heat at you tell
me why and then and then we didn't even
give him a Wi-Fi code so he said no
Wi-Fi for the past five hours no it was
just being polite and assumed that we
couldn't afford it see hurt yourself
you've been you've been cut gruff oh
shit that just not sauce please
mystery listen where's the try using for
firewood get it
show me where is where is it what you've
not even decorated it it's going to poor
thing
Jesus Christ guys that's just like yeah
fucking is this the piste reindeer this
rate D least these I'm just but where's
the other nd you know you all just don't
care do you mom he went to the tip you
just don't want me to you mom yeah but I
don't love personal some of the Grinch
uh-huh that's kind of depressing
actually
Alice what do I always do to people is
office let's try and see if we can get
Tom more Jack he'll be successful yes
he's good well yeah but I have to shout
louder than his music nice oh yes gonna
dare us naked
hey nothing nothing fun tails 1 tails 1
tails now got it selling dope or Tom
McCullar were higher e tomorrow has to
turn all these all of these not these
all of them into boxes that look like
that he's gonna want to kill himself
poor guy and then today he's got rid of
all of them these are some of the last
ones he's got to do and he's finished
turn em all into boxes we had seen Tom
high-fived my friend
good job dude good job I can smashed it
well done top my calories finish Alice
let's give me a review of Tom
accountants work today that was not a
high five back when she picked series
four I get the fuck out of a bit gone
tree nothing flying time out sir ten out
of ten are you fancy that mikela look
ease little great I didn't even smile
look at nice brilliant so cute okay you
alright time for the boss review we've
got a camera in there I've been watching
you the entire time you know what
there is no covering that was a test to
see whether you freaked out we know you
did good mate thank you very much for
help pay the man what you know about
custom signs Tunica oh there's more to
go
syndicate postcard look at this I'm
still really crowded this time you did a
great job but yeah I'm not everyone
might get assigned one but I try my best
to stand as much as the ease as I can
and so if you do get one congratulations
you get a hunting signed copy signature
for me you wait what mother got even
more a sign 400 poses yesterday you want
me to sign more things but don't I don't
what I don't like oh shit those script
for live stream is here don't wear this
another full script but this is a
version of the script to the scripture
scripts I'm going to read through you
excited I need you you walk into my
house getting all excited being like oh
my god today's the day but there are my
curtains
so I'm guessing they're not obvious
unless they somehow sent me more than
one which they didn't oh man I thought
my data didn't stop my curtains but I
guess he hasn't done I wonder why I'm
feeling super British fish and chips so
let's talk about this this is going to
be the weirdest order from a fishing
ship to ever one I've ever liked me I
can't even concentrate it I watch up to
them like as you heard me mumbling my
words I walked up to them and sounded
drunk I went can I get curry chips and
gravy and I put it on the side and they
look to me like putting chips and gravy
and pretty on the Sun but you want the
curing the gravy mix together that's
just disgusting
but I was like no can I get chips and
curry and then put it in gravy so they
paid me to
separate ones are basically balls as up
as good as I can get bought
I wanted curry sauce from a chippy now
let's see if it's good curry sauce or
not you ready oh oh yeah oh that's
exactly what I want it oh it's one
o'clock in the morning and I'm about to
prestige to fourth prestige on call Judy
motto up every mustard kaboom
there it is it's done it's just it's
gone all my sets of resetting and now
have nine
Davian I said it's one o'clock in the
morning I mean it's two o'clock in the
morning and I'm sayin just playing
ecology because the dlc came out i
finally got to play it and i've been
playing it all day and I've loved it the
perfect two o'clock snack I go for a
pop-tart was like yeast coming nonsense
on wait a minute these have been in my
cupboard for a pretty long time is the
expiration date I can't find on Pocket
but on the top of the box we have the
30th of the 6 2015 what the fuck I now
find myself laying bed at 4 o'clock in
the morning addicted to yet another TV
show I honestly thought I finished all
of them and then on Amazon Prime I
finished what she'd like a pisode 4 of
the other Grand Tour and then I found
out Vikings season 4.1 and 4.2 came out
the sleep schedules ruined not Viking
notes where the truck is going to bed so
thank you very much for watching today's
vlog if you are in the video right now
you aren't watching it then I want to
see some more comments from you guys and
that's not just me being like I wanna
see more comments the 16 more comments I
wanna I want to know more about you guys
like I don't really like YouTube names I
like explosive nipple 5/12
I like seeing like names are the actual
people because then I know I can
remember the names after seeing them
comment every now and again
alright all the time and then if I ever
meet you in person you can tell me to
you like blah oh shit I remember you
sort of think so just been thinking
about as i've been bumping into fans i'm
like oh yeah they like i watch all your
videos the mike
you watch my videos but i don't know you
watch my videos because you don't
comment and like the people I speak to
about comment and stuff so I really want
to like get the community going in the
in the channel again so I'm we're trying
to reply to more comments from now on I
just make sure I find time throughout my
day to respond to them so it doesn't
look good idea then make sure you either
one change your channel name to like
your real name or something like that
don't have to don't get me wrong you
don't have to but it'd just be nice so
we can like interact with each other and
stuff like that it feels a bit more
personal cuz you guys know me is life of
Tom I change my channel name from
syndicate central to life of John
because I'm Tom and this is my life so
if you like the sound of that then make
sure you go ahead and do that
don't forget whatever you do make sure
you still subscribe to the channel 6
o'clock every day new video I'm looking
forward to seeing what you guys have to
say so until then thanks for watching
and a hurry offs towards
