mate just for the record I'm in a
restaurant not on a race track this is
the baby going for it I feel like I
should point this out at this moment in
stage at stage in time I'm really not
working today fucking bought Carole it's
nearly Christmas what do you want for
christmas
a birthday president because I still
haven't got a birthday present remark oh
and Alice Alice what do you want
Christmas oh wait what do you want for
your birthday present that was in a
immedi for a Darrin Darrin's 50 happy
birthday but okay I don't know high-five
you Tommy come on now this is birthday
tomorrow so not today so you don't get a
present today down okay sorry mate
Christmas gift arrives in this week I
know the dresses good why I'm gonna
focus was the LEDs you hunch Wow what'd
you say I don't this means we're gonna
do what she says I shall kill me are we
talking about you shaving your every
fringe of 50 grand
if anyone wants to donate 350 grand
someone can shave her head please do why
he's already asleep
afraid for Friedrich for you at for 350
runs darkness to wear a wig for a year
when I come from happy birthday to
destruction we talk to you alright
alright
the fact that the ex firefighter over is
I don't know a panic attack triggered
yes I have to say a big thank you to Cal
this is not the third time I've tried to
record this look let's say thank you for
letting me hotspot using your mobile
phone to get the vlog up otherwise it
would be even later than it was so oh
you people watch me thank me
motherfuckers if you don't do it kill
you oh man well that was a nice little
random no get-together
I've did literally only just wake up and
then my mom was like joini conferred she
did not expect me to say yeah but I was
like absolutely this will be my
breakfast so it's now seven o'clock the
vlog is live I'm gonna get in my car
drive to go and see my granddad and see
how he's doing
I can tell you I'm excited cause you
close your eyes keep them closed
don't look pull out one hand wait now
open your eyes
oh yeah you like them yeah god you good
yeah yeah licorice Man Man Man Man are
they for Christmas yeah that's all
you're getting for Christmas mate
wait you starving you do know if we
interrupted you
no that's been there for five days turn
around okay Oh Mother of God my bin is
so full and this doesn't get emptied now
I think for two weeks I'm have to go to
the tip to do that if we have a look at
my recycling bin hopefully this is all
bottles in here which is bottles and
plastic not too bad not too bad indeed
although I could have got drunk off the
fumes that came out of that bin then but
where's they be the chef from last night
it's just doing nothing to collect the
rest of the food and stuff like that
before actually I had just spilt food
let's tie that but house not looking too
bad really isn't what I've got wash some
lights and pots empty the washing
machine wipe down the sides but
everything's looking pretty good we were
squad as hell
I like clearing it all up so whoo thank
God
there's no there's no smash glasses no
smash windows no nothing Tom I'm sick
Tom emcee left is all Draven rave Bunty
the I called the rave bands by the way
and this is because of you guys sadly
never ended up playing PI Facebook do we
have any to have any whipped cream here
if I did all we do because I've got
whipped cream I might like end up doing
a video on my dad√≠s and all that but
yeah beer camera um probably I don't
think that was full but yeah we've drank
probably after Budweiser's after
Stella's cannons gone near all the
copper Berg's of gumball my good team
effort and I'm sure this is a myth but
it's like a football that's I think this
is a myth I'm pretty confident this does
not work putting a spoon in the taco
bottle wine or champagne does not do
anything
can someone please let me know if it
does in the comments and might not know
is this book these are too like totally
different photos Becky's ready but if
you ever look at what the fuck but if
you look at where's watch his mouth I
might actually get spit coming out of it
but what the fuck Wes you spin in half
fucking food hmm
the grind is real I can finally leave
the office I've been in there now for
about two hours play Modern Warfare
remastered trying to get the gold come
up with ak-47 and one when I work out is
what the hell has happened to my voice
like I don't think I've been shout in
that much the past like few days
I don't been drinking alcohol which is
like one bad fear but it's bad few throw
us to pot I'm like super horse I'm so
happy to be able to just say no more
alcohol I actually may go an entire week
now with no alcohol just to let my body
recover now I'm glad I did drink
alcoholics had a great time great party
where my friends is too far that's what
I intended to do no no no regrets no
regrets but I'm so happy to have a break
because the Razr guys came over and we
ended up part in that night when they
came visit it was swimming in the pools
like 3 a.m. drinking then the next night
went down to Christmas markets and we're
drinking party my talent
that and got drunk then the next night
at that reunion my high school mates by
the way I call it high school just
because I've always called it high
school not me trying to be an American
or anything so to everyone in the
comments he was like what the fuck come
I call it high school kind of always
have dude but then that was an iPod and
then the last night Christmas pie with
my friends another night of drinking so
I'm just I'm gonna be so happy when I
get in bed rest relax and get ready for
a new week with no alcohol involved but
I can't go to bed yet because I ordered
Domino's mmm
now I can sit down in bed get fat and
watch some David mother truckin amaura I
knew my house being clean already and
don't after a party of that scale was
too good to be true I come downstairs
and I'm like the bar isn't that bad yeah
we've run out of fireball or whatever
there's a few glasses on the side but
why the hell is regard damn cheesecake
here ah just want my Domino's so I can
go to bed oh yes please got a bit of
David that's Planet Earth we got some
kickers we got some strips oh you have
no idea how happy I am right now this
this after such good times of party with
friends and family this is all I want
right now oh yeah
