dad have a ward with a ven man or
hopefully not but I've been waiting for
that bin to get emptied so long it
kicked up you sound everywhere you're
causing a fuss you're being a pain in my
backside you know okay
we're making progress I've arrived at
the high destination ask ol wholesale
where you buy lots of food cheap let's
park oh my god dad I know I want
Christmas I want the ultimate gift Damon
can actually is it let's see how good it
is oh my god it's the X Pro moving to
sound rocker Oh smoothly out it's like a
war out here so there's so many give it
up father
this will help busy this place my
heavens other grandmas are out boss
getting the present for the grandkids
19 and two on Pringles comes for the
kids deal i some our Christmas stuff
we've got dad would you know what makes
everything better
beautiful doughnuts we value your
opinion
tell us what you think yes yes G yes I
can't wait with a 1 cross going boy to
subscribe it's gonna be cool
glorious Kenneth get lucky they still
get back me home no you said you walk oh
you don't know
oh hey man looks like you should clean
that van whoa if there's one good thing
I'm good at its sense of direction like
you could point me in a direction and I
know how to get back to where I came
from like really well like I'm really
good at that
my dad's is spatial awareness of like
like moving something on an angle and
just missing like drivin parking moving
things you're pretty good at art you dad
probably wise of fo ways a builder often
done now yeah i shat in all the
doughnuts
okay - Romi well look at that cold like
make suits yes sir it's almost like I've
got the exact same I might come a
fucking house you fucking dead to me
yeah yeah
rekt yeah I gotta yell that one bitch
and that's the way I do business
wait there's a guy who just do it under
door wait I heard a noise heard ah ha ha
ha hey no you're not the crows the crows
are returned they've just taken control
of my dad Oh cam regrets leaving his
phone out because look what his
wallpaper is he again okay
gone gone you'll check your phone I
can't see a blossom fuck my life I think
that is a fabulous wallpaper look at it
you think it's fucking over come on come
on you get to see my face every day of
your life oh you and I get to say this
Ken guess what guess what
Gav fuck yourself you will not believe
what I've just heard I just randomly
like an annoying son went through my
dad's wallet and I was born and I was
like when are you ever going to use this
and he was like I don't know what are
you going to use this and I didn't
realise that this is this is your first
ever business card
what is it G cross well G cross welding
services fabrication and general
maintenance contact Kenneth Cassell what
wait this is like when this is the
first-ever business card oh my god you
welded shit we got it
we're the best our own employer
I'll take that I'll take that that's
crazy right
what twist so I completely forgot the
split-second bus we've been here I did
knew they were coming but I completely
forgot them come in this second Josh and
Travis from razor in America have just
turned up outside my house and luckily
me my dad had just got another day so
we're now gonna wait for them to cool
Johnny's on the neighbors a man feels
all away from what you guys are one but
she's on her way home from work so you
have got time rather cash this works out
perfectly we're gonna welcome to a true
British pub yeah it's booming in it look
at it booming booming booming that was a
windy one doorman wow that was a book
back to story time it was a windy and
tormenting day in the world of England
I'm hoping that by the time I get to the
end of this road I'm going to see Josh
and Travis be walking down so hopefully
I can see them I cannot believe they're
here so they're gonna stop at my hours
of the night I think that's going
straight down to i-59 which I may sneak
down to but I'm not officially going so
I could just sneak around the event now
it's still going to be anyone here I
don't see anyone just yet so I'm hoping
they're not lost
Oh stoked yeah Josh I'm so glad you're
here except I do
Travis is already at the bar like
judging oh look at this no one does this
not no one comes into this Pole and test
they're like you do is testing out our
finest cuisine of beer we've got right
now thoughts and opinions nervous Dirk
is good never sterner vus turkey yeah
all right yeah let's go find any
anything I need to know
no he's got really sharp eyes close
that's it Travis meet Steve Steve meet
Josh SMO we're like over a girl with a
perfectly her family so cue to the
Steven storytime I was supposed to go
out with a career my granddad yesterday
bought the sausage of a role he managed
to end up cooking his own dinner and
then forgetting he's opposed to going
out with food for me so because I'm out
with Travis and Josh tonight my dad and
stepmom are joining me as well as
is this cute as well as ma yeah why you
in the dark oh yeah where do you like
John good come on then I do lad
hey everyone saw the video of you mean
Steve oh they loved it they said you
were dead cute they really liked you
eight so tonight we're going out for a
meal with my two American friends from
razor Josh and Travis trubbish and also
dad and Gayle okay
okay you ready to meet some Americans
yeah you have a few drinks yeah
Louise yeah in there hey what are you
doing I didn't even get insecure with
the cable with the cable up yeah
lift it up no no right you just survived
back there okay don't worry I got this I
got this
step aside two of us lift it lift this
up and there you go right now you
squeezing Josh it's couple clay man is
it nice and spacious a guy was hitting
thing I have to say I'm so glad that we
have such a squad together tonight
Travis Cheers
ken yes Gayle run dad Josh cheers to a
tree to run with change across the world
cheers so random
travis has gone to the bathroom his food
is looking immense Wesley you killed it
however mine oh my god I got one hour on
it I'm actually more excited to eat this
than a main meal B oh it's okay we got
Travis and a ladder and Josh get up stay
away from me what you doing Gayle no
step both of you know Oh No
try and see I can float to the side
without getting wet
my body
no absolutely so I can feel it in my
asshole
oh my god
tell me more about your poor decisions
the fuck ah ah ah see I talking well is
that Harlan my phone survived the whole
swimming escapade so this is where we
are Chivers how you doing he fall asleep
wait wait really
Josh he's asleep dude I saw hard I was
just having a conversation she was in
like two seconds ago
that's why I started looking to talk to
him either way
right Josh did you ever get that tonight
no you know it my friend back look who's
but back again no no guess who's back
and sinks back well then see you wait
though I don't know drop this I mean
Josh I'll see you next time okay thanks
for stopping by my house yes my bags
good thanks hey so next time okay sorry
kid Kenya so no dude
sonic didn't all right I'm have to wrap
up this vlog right now Josh I don't
understand what that exchange was
between you and paper it is whatever but
in tomorrow's vlog we're going to be
going to the Christmas market with Josh
Travis
yeah mate he looks like a turtle and my
name papa so we should have a good time
there so thank you very much watching
many live like and subscribe I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. so until
then thank you very much for watching
and oh oh
