damage why the hell do I look so it what
the fuck ah dude Shu sir you were you
building my Christmas tree for me
whatever the hell's happened to that
he's broke six of December only just
putting up my tree and by only just
putting it up I might not even put you
up to date I might put up tomorrow and
oh my god the other crows back you just
live off in the distance then it must
just be watching me now planning its
ultimate murder when at the moment I
leave one window open it's gonna fly and
find me and kill me my sleep that's a
fact is that called a stay it's not like
fire cuz I'm builders are burning
something but we need to go get my car
wash because all this salt on my car
isn't good for it
at all oh and it's black F nasty Anna's
birthday that's also nasty oh yeah oh it
happened again my card got just down
nonetheless I'm gonna get this done and
then head to the syndicate regional is
so hopefully it comes out looking nice
and clean this might be the most random
shout-out ever bought the car wash that
I go to there's a guy called Jamal he
works there I don't how old is it's just
like maybe like twenty eight thirty sort
of thing but he works here and I'm not
too sure which countries from but he
watches all my vlogs like all of them
and it tells all his friends to watch my
vlog so Jamal if you're watching this
your friend just reminded me that you've
gone back to country see your wife and
stuff ah ah I just wanted say hello
you're awesome and hopefully I'll see
you soon
there maybe before Christmas so look
after yourself fella stay awesome the
car is looking much cleaner
oh my day she looks like new and to
Sainsbury's to try and buy a Christmas
tree and decorations for the syndicate
original office because Highsmith and
whoever owns that car we need to
reevaluate your fucking life okay so far
I have a polar bear
a penguin two reindeers three Christmas
hats Santa hats and now I'm gonna get a
tree and I think I could get in this
really shitty like
there's nothing on it tree or I'm gonna
get on this which is a six-foot tree so
I'm gonna get this at a lot of
decorations and some lights wait does it
come with lights no does that come with
lights it is a pre lit versus non lit
lit
I haven't yet stopped to think whether
or not this will fit in my Audi TT hmm
and then if I do actually end up getting
a Jaguar I haven't checked the boot
space on that thing so I'm not too sure
how that's going to go for transporting
things either I'm getting a trailer on
the back of a Jaguar f-type s via huh
that'd be cool hahaha successful shop
was successful oh man I feel like you
should get one of them but now there's
only oh what about you to my surprise it
fit in perfectly I'm pretty sure it's a
six-foot tree as well so six-foot unless
it's like 4/4 and half fold it over but
nonetheless success Oh open the boot
Alice open the boot okay well fuck them
shirts then I guess I broke it um this
is going to be the Christmas light turn
it on and syndicate original we ready we
got a hot Sun yeah
get the glue get the glue
get the glue oh shit how'd you put it on
you can't mix it
why are you laughing goddamnit are you
ready let's turn the lights off
Christmas music car antenna lights off
turn myself turn the lights off turn the
lights off what oh wait alright in three
two one oh oh wait a minute work
what oh and yeah rip reindeer everyone
everyone pray for days in the comments
thank you oh dear
ah I even put this star on top mom out
of 10 100 again what Alice I think this
also oh wow well let's took better than
this founded no man I feel so happy
right yeah oh dear no we just got to
make it look like he's dug into the snow
what we're gonna give this away well get
super Elvis oh oh yeah no yeah let's not
do that truly feel like I've brought
Christmas ambience to the office now
these decorations that I expect you to
put up loads of bar balls and stuff you
get your Christmas hat that doesn't fit
oh no you can't receive I want to just
say about Christmas ambience sorry we
are dead yo much love to Stacey and
Annie over here I found the wand against
I've been running round me off it's
gonna be a saw
do you want to come out and play do you
want to come out and play come on come
on come on come on why I stopped filming
sat down it look II literally took him
like 12 seconds look he's going to say
hello here right we doing why are you
running with Jeremy like that
these vlogs have become nothing but you
because you're a little attention lizard
that's what you are an attention lizard
just run around do whatever you gotta do
I don't know what it is you do I might I
might put hidden cameras in all these
corners of the room to just track your
movements and see what you do just wet
you just you just use crazy Steve you're
just an attention was a I decided i way
to download black ops 3 so I could do
custom zombies because apparently is a
bunch of maps now and it's nearly your
hundred gigabytes the file three hours
in 25 minutes remaining and it's halfway
through holy snap mmm-hmm
check whoa what the hell why did they
LED wet why does it change color so
madly okay dad what okay I hope to god
you guys can see this on the video whoa
that is weird didn't tell you to say
look I've got my LEDs on I've got this
little controllable and up here and I
can kind of change which color is well I
think all the buttons broke apart from
this one so you have to unpause it let
it go to the core what you want and hope
that you can pause it I gotta get back
to blue and don't you look ready let's
rank it red Oh nope pause pause pause
why that's kind of why right that's
alright oh oh you know what I like it
now as to what that looks like from the
outside
let's take a look up here whoo yeah you
I it is one o'clock in the morning well
actually let's be fair it's 1258 okay so
I don't feel like I'm awake that way but
we're going out the car which is nicely
clean and fresh and we're going to the
one place we usually go at this time and
I'm and of course that place is another
matter notch my name is David aspera
and we are going to
the space channel of the human who sits
a better meat should load some icons
because I'm really unhealthy and can't
cook all right I have to end this vlog
right now because it's the next day and
there is Myron papa
dad ah I just took myself with a knife I
mean is no good for anybody I mean - I
was actually going to say give me some
words of wisdom and know pretty good
I'm not even recording I was talking
there I was like anyway but right I'm
gonna go now guys so thank you very much
for watch it makes you leave a like
button subscribe if you want to see more
daily vlogs for myself I post new videos
every single day 6 p.m. UK time or I try
as much as I can and I hope you guys
have been fabulous day I'll see you guys
tomorrow until then is good
