this is literally helms time' day to do
the tango why is this a thing a lot of
people like tone did you get that hickey
off with you if you think that's a key
yeah I don't think you've ever kissed on
your neck before cuz that's a spot and
I'm definitely picked in the hotel and
yeah we're we're running an hour later
checkout so that's that so in between
Lydia putting her makeup on I'm going to
attempt to try the damning ramen crisps
that the people dropped off yesterday so
smells strong tastes that definitely
came out my mouth
thanks I don't know actually yeah I
definitely could have guess what that
tastes it tastes like sesame oil flavor
oh nice but they leave one hell of a
weird taste in your mouth
alright mmm it's kind of like lingering
Wow
now time to try some premium brewing tea
but it looks like a bottle of water I
don't think I'm supposed to mix it with
anything oh I don't know I think you
might be able to add milk to it but okay
smells like team and tastes like tea
tastes like tea next on the agenda is
orange lucozade from Hong Kong I'm
pretty sure I just said Japan earlier
which I hope I didn't on the back of it
they have a weird logo with a guy
pointing a finger what smells pretty
damn good I can't tell if it tastes good
and I don't know the wrote it that's
because I ate them crisps and I've got
that weird aftertaste in my mouth ball
doesn't really taste like Luke is it
just tastes like orange water but that
is the cutest sized bottle of lucozade
I've ever seen thank you very much for
them this guy's the logo they have on
their drinks I don't know if we have
that in the UK but never seen that
before I don't think oh whether or not
that was supposed to be a sad emoji in
there as well well that's pretty cool
what was in my case next on the tasting
agenda is a bag of stuff I feel like
I've had this book would you cut a
Japanese version I generally have a
weird feeling that
I'm tryna is actually Japanese not
Chinese even though I'm in Hong Kong but
mmm tell you that is incredible yucky
yucky so yeah yakisoba flavor oh my god
yo that is really good holy crap yo
that's like a 10 out Ted snack thank you
so much you can eat by hand you can eat
from buy suits the time for when drink
beer or tea yes
marketing done right they know what I'm
gonna drink a beer I should eat hi Anna
I believe I have a message thank you
thank you message hotel room check do
everything do everything about leaving
the Triad junk everywhere that they're
gonna throw away we tried everything
we've got everything everything got
everything we go over there we don't
actually have a hotel to go to next
we're just gonna like put these at the
concierge desk then go an adventure for
the day we got some things that we
wouldn't do and then decide where we're
gonna stay with her or not we go over to
Macau again and stay there for the night
or whatever we're literally just gonna
wing it the mirror hotel in Hong Kong
has been beautiful unfortunately didn't
use the spa I don't know if it was free
oh you have to pay for it like a
business swimming pool or anything like
that but you know what it was a very
nice day I'd highly recommend it because
the staff was super helpful but now now
we've got a we're gonna work out fun go
get the trip are they having any
celebrations again we're gonna get get
the train to the food market Hong Kong
and then from the food market were gonna
get taxi to where we need to go for our
next adventure
let's go you know that guy's got the
license plate you why are you what the
must be worth holds culture
you'll never know when you're gonna find
your next oo7 eleventh a new hotel we
could go to the Florida hotel
what curious hotel facilities a lowly
hourly oh my god well the Virginia hotel
it looks like it's melting and falling
apart we're sure poor Bobby you massage
I'm not sure whether they massage you
with the feet or they massage you put
your body and that's hard you either way
Alex catches anything almost tempted to
say we're near like the tech district
because like that road was just filled
with like camera shops and stuff like
that but we are heading to the ladies
market again oh it's there that's the
ladies market that's where you find all
the totally totally real like supreme
rule but on all that toilet shit over
there but yeah we're roaming around out
the street food which I think Lydia is
in Lombok guys I'm creating the greatest
shopping hypebeast extravaganza you can
ever imagine I put my first I bought my
first item and you better you better
wait and see you're gonna be hella
excited oh yeah actually feels like the
real one which is pathetic but and
that's one percent real I don't know
you're talking about like that is a
hundred son real this one of the Mona
Lisa no but that one looks terrible look
no so close hon disrespect lego campaign
this has to be real
wait wait you make fake lego canyon cuz
it's so what was the thing that you
don't piece together
Oh would you look at that another
7-eleven but look what I just found for
Lydia and mini white cake I found you
deserve a layer of black for the good
stuff
oh my lord this stuff is worth its
weight in gold those squid legs were
good but now I've got like a little hum
bun video got to Cape sort of thing and
now we're going go shop
moving yeah for the love of man go like
it pretty good right
spongy the readies I don't know why I
know this is still racist book
kind of hate seeing all the white people
in China I don't quite know why I've
ordered this cuz I tried that I don't
know why mango but this is mango going
yeah I really don't like watermelon
still after 24 years on earth I still
don't like it
what that she threw what was it it was a
melon melon dream man got galleon it we
just googled what birds nest is she did
she did say what bird nests was bird's
nest isn't like twigs crushed oh it's a
bird's nest made out of saliva melt it
down into a liquid don't you just love
yourself some bird saliva surrounding
myself in culture I found something even
more disgusting see well it's the same
thing but I found the supply oh my god
there's an industrial bag of birds bear
things with you babe you're the great is
literally thank you for everything
you've ever done for me I just can't
believe everything so cheap like supreme
oh my god like it's worth thousands and
did you sign it for believable and going
and going and going I'd have loved it
it's nothing but real oh my god real
fantastic apparel oh my lord
25 26 27 28
how do you think
no 35 okay no further then stab me off
okay
how do you feel kind of being there but
I didn't want it and I just wanted to
see how you know increment or I could go
thirty one thirty one pound fifty big
one seventy-five that was good fun but
we're we're done here now so we like
heading to the train station my outfit
is pretty much complete thirty-five
cheboub I offer
I think soda why she were gonna get give
it we go giver the money I got I got 92
my name what can we get from the night
I'm gonna buy the hub back I felt bad so
really bad not not the people that come
back I felt bad
are you boy
boy
yep
in the bag what you got there hey guys
my name is Tim Priebe Tom my new supreme
huh
I can't leave yourself to scream so
cheap it like you've seen on you I found
my ultimate phone vlogging so oh my god
anything I want everything there no oh
my god I could build the ultimate phone
Ricky
but check these out we'll all sneaker
battery charges outfit Inc oh my god a
massive case my outfit is not complete
unless I get a phone case just saying
otherwise it shows the max ready
yeah it's got white marks under it but
yo cheapest supreme ever no no no I
anything yeah but to be rockin the best
outfit possible just saying that right
now best you've ever seen
yes thousands of thousands of British
pounds on super 8 I need I need more
money for we've made it to where are we
don't turn the station where we're now
gonna try and head it on a cable car or
I don't have to get there so go on then
go on then go on then like at this
twenty minute train ride to get here and
this should be a magical adventure
apparently you're supposed to know the
way you forgot
believe in yourself go
data runs straight through it straight
through it and a diagonal point from
where these guys with a cap to the
person in the wheelchair vlog footage
ready three two
you want to be quicker from here stop
posting the wheel change
no no no this is are you ready
so the good news the bad news man i film
this film it i build it in slow motion
so you rot you run and it took an
extended break that it didn't usually
take I think that doesn't count you
thought we were just going on a cable
car we're going on a crystal cabin it's
got a glass goddamn floor this is about
to be Wow
oh I'm in a theme zone for it now this
is my music oh oh oh cooked a cultural
culture culture culture culture culture
culture that's what you go on what I
love the right well this time nope rum
so hopefully we can actually see the
change
just keep well I'm actually really good
we came into this today
today we wondered why it was kind of
quiet coming up it's cuz everyone's
coming down the line is ridiculous that
might be longer than the tram line this
line goes all the way all the way all
the way around this is gonna be nasty
there is so much culture here look at
the buildings babe I think we should try
a traditional Hong Kong Jian subway it's
only meters meters what can we get
established yep this is happening this
is happening this is happening right now
flying just keeps 75 minutes oh my god
75 we're now racing the angel set the
clock to get up to the top of the Buddha
just so we can see the sunset we could
throw oranges in the tree look up we do
that here can we do that here it's the
site of the Buddha
Lydia points out top 10 souvenirs you
must buy number one a bus
a cat Mac hot pick whoa
Star Wars toy store palace star aliens
Toy Story a helicopter something hi
doggie backpack
Snoopy a t-shirt and a cap I understand
how this is the top 10 pick but we're
short sorry what did you just say you
don't think you'll see a cowl today you
don't think you'll see a cow today right
there what the hell is going is he just
cruising is he just walk around what
what I'll go and pet a cow gone gone oh
my god I want stroller cow you know
hello don't hit me please oh I'm going
no please see you bye yo I think you
feelings because I had called the Huns
because I was holding this and I took
some of the cold hand oh you're not
allowed to touch it oh thank god we
touched it before with it I know it and
really really Hong Kong at 7-eleven at
the base of the Buddha this is exactly
what I wanted to do cold no I
oh yeah that's that phone case I forgot
about that
oh babe oh my god am i no joke I'm
really happy right now
I'm so sick why are you smoking you're a
Cali this protective cow there we go
hello don't don't kick me hello always
dribbling no yeah you're don't eat the
cigarettes no don't do that no no Oh
coffee smells nice right it's a vanilla
latte you should get one okay gonna go
idea why did the cow cross the road to
get to the bin oh no me trust me love me
yes I'm guy I mean thank you right
couldn't sell ah so much culture
ah so triggered right I've got a
literally got culture boner right now
the Warriors defenders oh that one buddy
how that went on a weight loss diet the
12 divine generals the general and it
really this is so awesome
why are you oh thank you in a minute
he found us is it soulless Oh asses got
bird poo on its shoulder okay here are
the rooster where does he see rooster a
little a rooster at the Chinese zip 12
zodiacs armed with a jean misra dope I
went to the temples in japan and they
had day walking around everywhere i
comes to temples in hong kong and these
woolly cows
i love it love it this place is
absolutely beautiful like the mountains
surrounding it i just just so
intimidating and then this is to go up
to the Big Buddha what time oh babe oh
we got can we even go up it is like I've
50 45 now but I guess we can Wow look at
that look at that this is incredible
all the way up there all the way up here
and this dogs kill him legend he knows
how to get the most attention little
doggie the scale of this thing is just
ridiculous I can't genuinely wrap my
head around it but oh my god Becky
Starbuck Sarah oh my god
that's pretty I can't can't oh my god
she was seen the Sun setting all the way
out I can't I can't wrap my head around
how amazing this place is
and then that behind us but this white
people everywhere tourists tourists
tourists tourists everywhere but then
again I guess everyone should appreciate
doesn't lock because oh my gosh look at
those Islands out there oh we've got
what's Thailand you know we have to go
to Thailand we have to go to Thailand if
that's what talent looks like we have to
do even the talent that we have to go I
thought something Lydia's taking a photo
of me from there with me with my phone
pointing out here so pretend I'm taking
for my face so what she done quite sure
what's in there
I'm assuming it's a shrine of sorts if
you look up look at the detail in it I'm
not too sure what's going on with the
hair but I really like it
what's the symbol in the hand sure
actually pretty dang old Phillips screws
danger don't stand behind or Oh repeat
unit Dix cakes are now closed
we were the light blast people okay oh
he's owned by someone he's got a collar
oh don't you belong to that's what I'm
talking about
look it up all closed up I managed to
make it
Lydia's are wandering towards smoke
probably a bad idea but sure wild ogo is
walking around everywhere
look at la now that's that's just
picturesque in it and you know what if I
build a new house I'm not gonna my
entire garden of my house is gonna be
like this
I'll just love it I love it it brings me
so much like warmth internally and
Happiness up like that I love it I love
it
now as to where the smoke employees are
coming from I guess people are allowed
to hit the drums I'm pretty sure I'm
actually pretty sure there is big signs
that say please don't touch but she's
not something you know what scratch that
I'm gonna design my house dog like that
no modernist no well actually super
modern on the inside it looks like that
on the outside cuz that to me it's just
gorgeous
look at these incense these are these
just incense sticks these big things
you're kidding me
that's an incense stick what a big look
at the size of them I'm not exactly sure
what's going on here can you buy them or
something and you put them down yourself
well these ones are gorgeous hundred
people brought them here I bought them
here
oh really dense oh he is okay hello well
I didn't get any cash out so we didn't
get any of the major master fonts by I
had enough change these two pounds for
this many mistakes don't take him home
we're gonna light something and leave
him here why them bear oh my gosh I'll
plate Lydia's light in hers I've got
mine ready to rock and roll
what kind of like so I have to all mine
lit like a hundred percent now so I'm
very happy these ones are them ones
they're gigantic
they're like pencils
like a pencil at school may have kept
mine lit for a bit too long but I tell
you off that does look magical but sorry
no burn myself everything about this
moment feels magical on the innocent to
this amazing sculpture to this now it's
time for the big drums
everyone's been playing tunes and stuff
like this on it but I'm just gonna beat
it three times each it was worth playing
on the drums and lighting incense cuz
now that would drink red like someone
died in my garden I want maybe not that
big not that big but and I just love it
it makes me so happy to look at it's
beautiful it's not just it's not just a
square box like they could have taught
don't get me wrong I know it's like that
but like some houses in like these
cultures and stuff like that they they
could just be square like some of ours
but no instead the magnificent and like
this oh my gosh that's just
mind-boggling just absolutely
mind-boggling all this time later the
queue is still here but this is for
regular community area we were like we
were like watch the fight in it watch
the fight in the crystal because yeah
yeah whatever but oh my god crystal
worth its weight in blood gems look at
this
Hey oh we cruisin how was your trip - I
was really good also cultured in a queue
oh wait no what 16 minutes from that
point there and it continues all the way
and I reckon we're good after wait I
reckon we wait there I like the other
takers 45 minutes I'm taking a guess
right now I'm dark I said hello yep
thank you there we go
and here's our starting point nice the
final countdown
with the cow virus I honestly feel like
in the movies where they go like to
mining Godzilla pretty much is what is
well I can say Livia that was my Shawn
mesh but he has done that before but
that was really nice mr. lion
we got lay up there banging some drums
brilliant ladies and gentlemen it is
time for me to transform into my Supreme
Being
now I'm not saying I'm a height
if you think you've got to preview have
got Sucre might be look at this as
you've seen is this many swag and just
take a look at these shoes these are
these have not even released before
they're super super Eames look at that
super Supremes you see have you seen
crepes eyelets have you ain't no one
ever seen a ha guys how much it was this
was this was the t-shirt the hoodie the
bag you like that respect that's what
I'm talking about
15 this is the hoodie the suprem hoodie
cuisine cuisine is where we're trying it
now and for the record I'm not famous
awareness for the sake of when don't
wear it supreme it's just crazy I like
I'll go through how much everything cost
me when I get back to that like the new
hotel we're at like yeah but like I know
clothing this is actually a really good
quality like I'm telling you it really
is there was a ripple it's really good
material let's just not talk about these
these tussles don't like it this is a
really nice restaurant wait now it's 9
o'clock
that's about starlight
still Watsa please thank you now where
we're eating right now is the hotel we
bins Dana but we're not actually staying
here against that because however we
need final hotel because like 9 o'clock
at night they've currently got our bags
downstairs but we're gonna eat at the
restaurant bill because it's nice we
can't be a stress around looking for
anywhere else but while I was just about
to say as I started this is a you know
what's weird like some people really
don't have a problem like wearing fading
store we're in this I genuinely feel
like judged especially I think any
anything that's supposed to be like
expensive Brandon : sort of thing and in
a place where a lot of its fate gets
triggered anyway you know even if it's
real people have robbed a lot that's
fake you know so he's kind of like that
but like when I'm walking around this in
my pocket and know that's real I bought
about the year like I feel pride with
this because I just a little bit having
his beautiful like he's packed like it
was a big decision or something like
this I had called this hoodie for about
ten pounds like it's ridiculous don't
you're wrong I know it's even if it
didn't have that it like I got a hoodie
for 10 quid but like say you can get a
fake hoodie potato I know you can get
them cheap on eBay and stuff like that
but like I was haggling with them and
still Pete was just a really fun
experience and I'll show you my entire
outfit my entire supreme out there the
only thing I didn't get was like shorts
or jogging jogging bottoms the swimmer
but most of copied entire haggled fakes
you beam out of it I think it was a
really fun experience I really enjoyed
it but then when I put it all and I was
like wow this just doesn't feel right
like I don't know if that even if it was
real how would it be aware in any way
but I was just like so about this just a
ride
yeah I feel like everyone's looking at
you like you stand out like a circle I
only walked from the corner but two
seconds and that guy came into view
I'd like I sat down that guy was like I
should room it was like I'm gonna fall
okay sure you saw how he planned out
just so we hold the goddamn phone I did
not mean thousand I mean that's 128
British pounds in 80 pens oh that's
expensive for a stuffed book you know
what these menus are getting weird
chilly read this properly chilled
jellyfish with pork there and marinated
pork trotters no I can tell you what
we're not going bird's nest after today
no thank you I don't care what it was
bird's nest is made with spit no but
someone did put it like this to me
though on Twitter
oh you don't like birds spit but you eat
an egg out of a bird's vagina I was like
guys got pine but then again there's a
difference between
no no okay some some countries eat like
and I guess the chickens period okay
yeah I hate this conversation
some people eat like eggs that have
almost developed into little chickens
and then let them go off and it's like a
fermented egg and it's like a delicacy
in some countries now we feast oh dude
I'm having like a meltdown
this pork belly is so good and so crispy
now might be the best Pope ever I'm
alive we're trying to book a hotel over
in Macau but we can't book a hotel Macau
because there's only three available and
they're like 700 pounds a night two-star
Hotel
yeah that's not must be my booty this
book it's just expensive this talking
like hell no I must put it up with my
own fucking hotel for tonight so the
options are we either try and stay here
for another night always staying Hong
Kong for another and then go over there
well I think is even if we go over there
pretty much everywhere fully booked up
with five days so we don't know we're
gonna do the show
do you do do you know what we'll do by
the way is actually it's nearly
half-past 10:00 at night if we still
don't you still got a hotel booked for
the night there's Thomas
whatever I've got to add insult to
injury the guy just asked as if we want
to put it on our room go out on the
streets things place closes at like half
time never had a home they don't go home
you better stock up on sweets don't know
where we're staying tonight homeless and
supreme this is what this is what Supre
but this is what fake supreme goes to
you
you get fuck you get 5 seconds of
footage of a funny funny tourist taking
a fart with you and then you're homeless
well after all this time there's
literally now no hotels seriously no
hotels available in this area except the
one we're currently in the one that we
rushed to check out of checked out later
on we're now gonna try and see if we can
check back in it was a really good day
but we didn't know that in the CAO
hotels we're gonna be sold out it way I
don't deserve supreme I can't wait I
literally we gave him we booked a hotel
here right they were like oh yeah
$14,000 like Hong Kong like what oh no
way and I went online and I found it
cheaper booking online so when he wrote
down 14,000 I basically got it like four
hundred cheaper I was like nope gave it
back to him he was like okay cuz I go to
the bar have a drink come back in your
room I'll be ready
I'm a champagne what does cocktail menu
is a bit suspicious right winter's
coming
howl of ice honestly I've already looked
at half of them I couldn't do it
oh yeah no I couldn't yeah no way if you
would have said to me Remy Martin Mount
Gay roof
creme de mettre white passion fruit
lemon juice nah I definitely would not
have said all of ice good idea but no
all God's new gods no one lady in red
Song of Ice and Fire beyond the wall
direwolf what walkers night night watch
I am free and Littlefinger Kela great
producer a gay syrup and a few bits nope
I just said to the bartender oh came of
Thrones in red then showed him the Game
of Thrones picture anyway today's just
not our day I need this data yeah I
learned like incensing stuff
why is everything not in my favor right
now
or noir is the supreme God's Lily's
right the supreme got the fake supreme
and Supreme guns are looking down him
like no not today I've still got my
Fender still got my Fendi come on I
thought I fucking going to you right now
we go to check into the room and ago
unfortunately we don't have that room
booking.com made an error i black okay
whatever
all right we'll book that room and you
better black know that one saw that as
well hey I tell you what if that happens
I'm more checking into new cheapest
hotel I can find it in Hong Kong like
literally the cheap is just to fucking
say don't be tempted to fall asleep on
of these selfies I don't think me kick
you out but obvious waiting for someone
hey got our bags check what could they
do really what could they well they
could probably drag you out by scary but
if you turn that alarm on I'm with ya
exactly go I'm not telling my dear but
Alex the homie the best gamers that
great to the highest me possible I want
to say this almost like some camera but
I'm not until I laid it Lydia it's a
surprise
I saw you grabbing from a distance so
what's this is this come with Jam oh
honey honey and nuts and I got empty
sweet packet the will Caray great and
then but they've been making these
cocktails for about 30 minutes it's good
ready Oh Cheers
chin chin one spicy Oh spicy
he was so chill it was like he went oh
you do for a job must be good job I know
I owe and he went I see your anyway at
the scene free even know what supremely
I don't yeah I would make its face and
then I went about my watch my wallet
real but this is fate and then I showed
him the clip of the guy come Roberts we
daily it was that proper laughing when I
played in the crowd and then he was like
it was like surely you can buy that and
I was like maybe but I don't what - he
was like that's funny you're doing
advice
what a nice dude oh then I got steeple
speak he plays pop G all the time yeah I
wrote down my youtube channel he's gonna
check out my YouTube channels oh really
nice guy going on this tiptoeing on the
new floor ooh
tiptoeing on the new flow tiptoeing on
the new Oh
after you ladies first
Alex upgraded us to the highest we rated
a sort of best suite for the price like
we got the cheap room and he puts in the
highest suite these two bedrooms but is
it too much I might be wrong Mac oh it's
time for spring that ladies and
gentlemen introducing what you can get
for a whopping excuse the fact that I
have no clothes on I've actually had to
take them all off so you guys can see
them a whopping 65 pounds can get you in
hung goddamn tongue ladies and gentlemen
welcome to the fight is freshest lettuce
super cream drop you've ever seen in
your life
goddamn let's go in for the number by
the way let me try and work out the
prices again because I may get this
wrong but let's dive straight into it
welcome to the supreme white t-shirt the
supreme black hoodie with a black hat
the red hat the red bag and then as for
shoes it says to pre and you think
supreme it says to pre Aubry so clearly
the freshest hot is drop you've ever
seen in your life and ask for quali you
better know this is the flimsiest rule
but money can buy but I tell you
something right now have you ever seen
some super duper using your Lud
no but nonetheless supreme bag let's
take a look let's take a think about it
all right
supreme bag the quality you know what
not to but somehow or another this has
been worth its weight in gold for us
today because we've been carrying stuff
around like Lydia's like her core her
stuff like that my coat my stuff Maya
drinks her food we can carry around
what's been troubling are they what this
one is the most convenient thing
all the pieces here got that for a
whopping 100 Hong Kong dollars they were
300 we got them down to 100 not sure how
we managed that because every other
person would not budge at all but that
was the first thing I actually bought
managed to get that for a hundred Hong
Kong dollars that's like nine pound 50
yeah nine pound 50 right there then we
moved on to searching for the next big a
kid and it was a bit difficult because
this they wanted 300 for but we got it
for a hundred so I was like oh I'm in
for a steal cheap as chips I then went
for the t-shirt they wanted one like 190
for a t-shirt I was like hell no managed
to stag myself a t-shirt for like 80 so
I managed to get this for like 8 pounds
you might be like Tommy you can get a
cheap on eBay
yo listen ok I was haggling I was
literally haggling with ladies in front
of me
selling cats that go like this alright I
managed to get it for 8 pounds because I
got it thrown in with a deal I managed
to get myself the t-shirt for 8 pounds
and then for 10 pounds I managed to get
the supreme hoodie of which by the way
you heard that the disc downstairs the
guy was like oh that looked real and I
was like yeah it kind of does because it
was just hooded with the supreme stitch
on it so why would it not be real but
nonetheless managed to get this for like
a tenner this one eight quid I was like
hell yeah by the way these prices may be
wrong by like a pound or so but that's
pretty much the case then rolls look we
managed to get this hat now excuse me
I'm pretty sure I went up to someone and
asked for a hat like this and they were
like 180 and I was like hell no get the
hell out of it but a lot no what do
other people they weren't wanting to
sell it to me
managed to secure this hat walked up to
this other person I said this hat how
much and she was like nightly I was like
I give you 50 for right now cash let's
walk out and then she was like yep
hundred of the money well after she
didn't like it
like don't want to I was like Evan we
got 50 she was fine and then I sold it
to so I got that for a fiver
not bad next up managed to get this bad
boy for a no joke you saw me bartering
for this she was I think what 86 for it
and I just joked around with her to the
point where I felt bad and I paid like
40 for that so I paid four pounds for
this and then on to the shoes I managed
to somehow like I don't understand like
the quality of how they sell things here
I know my black we want but I managed to
get the bag which is like the biggest
item for a hundred yeah and then like
everything
she liked part it's way out the hoodie
was more expensive than the bag but then
what I couldn't understand stop is that
there's more materials that go into the
shoes then there is the bag and I
managed to get the shoes for like 15 so
like sorry 15 quids or 150 now again a
lot like this a soup room but it says
soup really so don't laugh at me I only
got them to complete the set I will
admit though I didn't see any other
shoes to buy that said supreme because I
don't think supreme really do a lot of
trouble shoes that is completely wrong
because I'm really not into all this
sort of clothing but yeah I got off at
15 so you know what everything here was
pretty goddamn solid and more last but
not least actually my favorite thing of
the without a doubt the supreme phone
case
now this surprisingly this cost fight
this this should cost like 10 but they
were just not selling to anyone less
than like 60 so I managed to get this
it's at 50 which is 5 pounds you know
compared to like I'm actually at the hat
for it I mostly get that hat for 50 but
managed to get the supreme case I don't
actually know what that brand is there
but I managed to get the supreme in this
450 and it's actually a good case like
you can buy these anywhere so like
that's a good case in itself and the
fact that it just happened to be soo
premium was like okay this goes with the
meme so you know what all in all there's
Mahal's supreme your tits out boys we
got it hooked up we got it fight style
for a total of like I don't know what I
said like I think we mean Lydia like
calculate it is like 65 British pounds
not bad
650 Hong Kong dollars a default or with
a random stranger who was like yo that
is lesser than the titty wanted to
follow with me very impressed with that
situation literally all we just put on
the clause and the guy was like oh my
god soup room could I get a photo and I
was like you damn right you can and then
for the hungry downstairs to be like so
pretty my like I thought it was real
doing wrong could be lying but at the
same time I really don't think he was
because he were talking about like you
must be well-off or something because
like wearing Superman I had the supreme
bag and the thing is it was like if you
wear fake stuff I guess some people just
have to own it but like yeah I don't
think I could wear something fake and be
like yet real
I couldn't do it I just couldn't do it
but that was the whole successful I'm
now go getting in the bath
