before today's vlog starts I'd like to
assure our very Merry Christmas in the
fact that we're laughing at it stuff but
it's what 643 44 no or 543 I'd have
always just started to edit today's vlog
I'm sorry but I'm having a good time my
family and stuff we've got Karl we've
got the role of Lee we've got Ken the G
cross guard zombies and we're enjoying
Christmas oh I completely forgot to the
end yeah it happens if you want to see
something funny go to my Twitter at Pro
syndicate and you'll see me raging about
a video a video nonetheless cheers much
love to your faces and enjoy my
Christmas Eve even though it's Christmas
Day but it's Christmas Eve and to
everyone who got sent to get original
swag you look amazing you look
incredible make sure you tweet at sinica
original and tell them fucking sod
oh my gosh was that good night's sleep
because these blackout curtains are
worth their weight in cotton arting
today on Christmas Eve going shopping if
you've ever wondered what the look of
regret and disappointment in oneself is
it's me right now reason why I'm going
to the Trafford Centre on Christmas Eve
to pick up a present which I decided to
buy this morning well I don't I don't
know why I've done this e I made it to
the Travel Center and all I have to do
is go basically flicking collects what
I'm after but the bitch here is gonna be
parking it's 104 now as I've stayed just
I just arrived looking for space let's
see how long it is before I find one 109
and these guys are leaving so I'm going
to jump in that spot yeah just like that
sorted now hopefully I'll have to do is
walk in pick up my stuff walk out
there's nothing else I need I know what
I want I know what I'm getting and then
I'm going oh my days biggest waste of
time ever I turned up to the Apple store
to pick up what I need to collect
because I bought online this is
available to pick up today so I came in
to get it and like yeah it's not
available yet
when's it gonna be available like maybe
an hour maybe two hours something I'm
just like why would it say it's
available to pick up now and it's not oh
it was supposed to be get here get it
and get out what no I'm stuck in out
ages luckily 25 minutes later I got the
bag we're good okey-dokey Jones got the
final gift bang there we go now time to
get my car head home
I'm hoping the traffic isn't gonna be
too bad getting here was fine get him
back might be a different story I went
to wrap my presents and realized I don't
have a pair of scissors in my house
mm-hmm I'm an idiot that was easy
there's only one pound fifty as well for
two pets but one pound fifty for three
pairs of scissors nice
okay logical Jones I need to get rough
in all this but look at how messy is but
first of all I want to settle with a an
apology not doesn't summer I want to
start with an apology to you guys all
right when you make an omelet you're not
actually supposed to pour milk or butter
in it which I did so I'm going to try
now and remake an omelet but with no
milk and no bore so let's see how it
goes let's keep things simple this time
we have ourselves some salt pepper sweet
all in one so it's easy we've got two
eggs not three this time and we got some
boar because apparently you put butter
on the pan for making an omelet not oil
and it makes it a little bit nicer will
she will she will see we'll see
think that looks already more like an
omelet I know it's not like a proper big
I look super small but like instead of
just leaving it in trying to flip it I
just pulled it together at the sides
like this at the edges and now it's more
of like a smart well it's more like a
scrambled egg but it's more it's more
like what I would expect to be honest
but there we got the palms really hot so
it like went straight away now oh shit
it cooked that fast that I didn't even
have chance to put the bacon in it so I
guess I'm just having random bacon
squares for a side play so weirdly
satisfying cooking them as squares cuz
look they're not all over the place and
it's just one simple flip how I feel
like a cooking spam this is so strange
nobody in
any universe cooked make you out this so
I just go with it
flavor test on the omelet it's not burnt
let's go for it that's so so much better
so much better so much better specially
because it's not burned but oh my gosh
look at how big the plate is compared to
you I'm like next time we need three
eggs but yeah we did good kids we did
good up in presents and watching the new
Star Wars I say no not new star was
watching the old Star Wars but now at
least I've watched tomorrow Nala so it's
pretty sweet Budi look at them all
looking fun and good and this is most
the presents wrapped dad I'm sorry but
your boxes are so big I was like the
package his gift was already in a box
then I was like well you have to put
wrapping paper I just fucking threw it
on so all them for a wrap stupid as hell
on the one on top looking nice but
they're looking good bought I've got
some even better ones in here not the
clue do ignore that well check this out
I've got all the other families presents
inside this big-ass packed with loads in
there look at this it comes in a huge ah
son of the sack annoying thing is
there's no way to pick it up from so
it's kinda difficult but yeah look at
that
I'm going to end up at the house of the
example site brilliant and last but not
least Alice if you thought I forgot
about wrapping your present like a
sponge you're wrong this is your gift
and I'm going to use everything here to
wrap it up with so you can hate me later
as it stands a policies bag inside a bag
inside another bag inside another bag
and then this is where the fun begins so
basically what I do is I get the roll of
tape and then all the strung of wrapping
paper that's left over I just wrap all
the way around it and just stick it in
wrap it some more filler tape make sure
it's nice and secured bit more tape
their goals
there we go looking nice looking good I
don't know why I started this it was
just like I did it one year and I think
the video got like a million user
something so now it's like can they
become expected of me to do it so I'm
gonna rough I'm going to tie in another
bag to this bag like that so there's a
food hold Selfridges bag attack look at
and then we got a bit of a bit of this
whatever that is yeah we've got a little
tag that goes on you know that goes on
there was it go like you know things the
hanging book and a score that can get
attached you know what
the pair of scissors that I used to wrap
it with they can go on to it I don't
care she can have that um this is like
the biggest industrial size of wrapping
paper ever got so I think that Alice
needs to know how much I love her as a
sister
uncle Cheryl oh yeah I think she needs
to know how much is assisted that
however by now putting it inside this
but work out I'll crazy it looks oh but
it's all sticking to it look up raise it
all looks remembers the scissors came
out we'll just put them inside it and I
will wrap this around this so she thinks
oh no what is just rolled in it
look how much is going on this caper is
always like a snowball effect
I think she's give you soldiers to buy
it when she realizes how small the gift
is inside this and she's going to hate
it because it's like funny to wrap it
all stupid like the first family's like
oh it's gonna take me a while to get in
but then over time like every year it's
gonna get worse and worse
and worse so there's really not that
much you can do back so how is your
better be fearful for next year all
right so this is looking
this looks pretty big that's how I wrap
my scissors so what am I supposed to do
all right now we've got a tight tape
this up like so looking good oh yeah I
think Alice it started off as big as my
hand it's now this big I'm going to
throw it inside this bag for
transportation and to hide it and then
Alice's present is now officially
wrapped the third Road for the first row
in a row for the third year in a row
like a sausage roll so I hope you
enjoyed that that's how much I love my
sister I wrap it in style Santa Claus
has arrived got my bag but swag I've got
this as well is actually uh from game a
PlayStation like Christmas jumper I
think we're gonna wear that tomorrow day
you know gotta be in the festive spirit
and everyone's probably but you play
xbox I don't care what are you doing oh
so Alice so very excited for Christmas
yeah Oh would you like the big presents
a cobra oh you like it
Kalia oh no girl switch solar buddy all
the dredge oh yeah by the way we're back
at the smallest kitchen table them good
ones like I'm a bit confused about
what's my plate that is the most amazing
looking dinner I've ever seen oh yeah
hello Grinch what we want me to do
all right sorry I made the mistake of
playing the Pie Face game with Cal
because I don't go first I was like yeah
sure spun it twisted it bang right my
face so now I'm gonna felt filbert so
it's now Cal versus Darwin let's go one
two three
Darwin going you got to spin it you got
to spin it down all right put your chin
on it put your face on it
Go Daddy twist it forward Z twist it
towards you go on all the way other way
hi which way just try and twist it
anyway right away from you away from you
go jump way come on one two daddy okay
we have Alice and versus Callan all
right right you've got put your foot you
got put your chin fully on it and like
push your face through it otherwise it
just taps you in the face it doesn't
slap you right Alice spin spin it yeah
you spin it you have to twist it three
times note faithfully on it for under
federal here you go all right
now twist it you ready yep towards me
get it one two look at me looks good
looks can go on three Oh
drive them chin on it right into the
hall that goes fit
can we start with side this side covered
like that side cuz you do that Sundanese
yeah yeah knee away from you you got
twist it over here boy daddy
spinach its goal and odd for all right
thanks really in that one too oh yeah
shit meself dad better thing does one
know all you plan to cream Amish I be
okie-dokie Jones we have Cal wait we get
three great Alice vs. cow okay one two
three
Alice your turn spin it spin it
there's no one that's all I choose oh
hey God nope ed beverage head further in
there you go right go on what
one foot one two three Oh daddy but uh
Merry Christmas mom
I'm Merry Christmas mom agrees to get
out that's great
I showed it before that's good that's my
sack of presents but like I said okay
goodbye mom
see you in eight Syrian seven hours okay
i soldered say sorry sorry what you
gotta say it's soldered sad it do you
know it's hard it she's going so don't
you do hey guys so dude
soldered great so mom do this sorrow she
did it right don't do this come on
no put your thumb down and say probably
go honey G so you can carry them okay
what about all the pens sorry
anyway I love you why you comment
sausage I call people and sausages
alright select sausage some stuff Alice
oh this is my Christmas ham what's that
Prabhu yeah come on so sorry I didn't
even end yesterday's vlog my phone died
before I got in my inflatable mattress
of death
so you'll find out about that tomorrow
but nonetheless thank you very much
watching I hope you guys have had a very
Merry Christmas even though this vlog is
from Christmas Eve and this being
Christmas Day the next day and I saw
stuff I'm lay on the floor because I've
been lay here editing not because I'm
like pass out drunk so I think what a
bit of great Christmas to everyone who
received any sorta syndicate regional
swag you're out legends it's been
amazing to see everyone receive it I'm
so proud of my sister I'm so apparently
one for absolutely smashing it with the
clothing line and you guys can like
clearly see the point in so much time
and effort all that sort of stuff so I'm
gonna go and get back involved with the
festivities because it's only holy shape
starting six o'clock fuck sake
but nonetheless I'm gonna go now all
right so thank you very much for
watching my videos thank you very much
for being part of this community
thank you very much for being part of my
life I love you all to pieces and I
cannot wait to continue 2017 with you
all so until then thank you for watching
I'll catch you guys tomorrow HP or the
next day log
adios dudes ha Faisel
