hmm one o'clock and I'm away good luck
oh I would see no Christmas is coming
the geese getting fat
please put spending the Allman's hat
goodbye mother
she's leaving today my curtains going up
in the wall
what tea dear is the D I think we're
gonna get my curtains installed into my
bedroom why is the bedding come off I
don't have a clue but yes this is the
day of days I'm finally gonna get
blackout curtains pop in here now I have
these which black our blinds book like
little bits of light still come through
the edge and stuff like that and
especially them kind of all in lines the
like let's boom through the top of them
so I'm getting curtains put on top of
them as well so it will feel nice and
cozy which is amazing and if we nice and
down so I can't wait oh man this feels
so good to be driving Ross them on the
phone
Tom McCallum are you going to work today
Tom no oh he's not we're going out to
shop it because need to pick up a few
last-minute presents no like crazy
Russian but for my little goddaughter
Chris if you're watching this somehow I
totally got you got your daughter a
president already we've if I could talk
about we're going to come pond off and
hopefully it's not gonna be too busy and
this spot needs to go the fuck away my
days it's busy as all fucked oh my gosh
everyone's panicking for spaces and we
found three yeah Tom good job kid Wow
massive shout out to summon Samantha for
a little costume for Steve the other one
didn't go on come fit this on my own no
no no I just wouldn't work he's got a
little this is Eva suppose to be a heart
or something for his cave I think it's
for his tail as well otherwise I got the
careful with axe it could break his tail
yeah no no no joke yeah this and then
and then look he's got all those hands
there oh here's always I always wait
where's Tommy :
it's looking for some stuff for his
brother and hi Cal
Alice is now helping me find a gift for
Ariela don't worry that's not it in case
she sees the video no good not having a
baby yet
are you me for me young baby and these
two some bitches are talking about FIFA
oh yeah you remember that got you know
what a gwaan Oh bro
yeah me and why now don't go FIFA so you
have no things going
you lose mum boys you guys what are you
getting Suarez is better than I mean
come on did it was Suarez then
Ronaldinho oh nice I don't even know
what I said yeah sure
Tom I mean Tom Oh sharp edges to it no
way tom NZ did you buy yourself some
syndicate originals like for Christmas
oh you are such a good friend don't ya
you guys don't know it but Tom's
actually a massive fan II watches he
watches all my videos he joins all my
sessions on what I'm offering remastered
and you're my first subscriber waiting
John no yeah you were tellin CHD 19
search that YouTube channel is it
nothing just such times eh d YouTube
it's got all these bangers on there man
me and Thomas spent forever looking
before the grand Nets present and we
were like yeah we'll finally decided
what would get in I like I was a wee
thing oh yeah we know what we're gonna
get and then boom it sold out everywhere
Park completely got caught up in
conversation that I didn't film that we
had a cheeky nandos I know actually you
know I really want to do go on take a
shit oh it's the moment of truth will I
like the curtains and well uh oh yeah
but yeah look her on em oh wow the room
already feels well cozy all right follow
my cross how it looks let's say wait
look they don't wait no even fucking me
in the middle what a fuck oh they do
sorry
oh look at that wait Tom sure that door
shut that door oh it's fully black out
this is what I wanted for so long hahaha
oh shit not watching the wall that's
exactly what I wanted blackout cones a
lot of people might be like why
and honestly the reason is just like
when Astley put stupid ridiculous times
I wanted to just be able to go to sleep
and not get wall cut by anything like
you find it this will dampen the sound
as well from the outside as well as just
make it feel like a comfy cozy room so
do I like them yeah I think they look
good and little the pattern does look a
little much but it might grow because
you like how it like oh it has to hit
this like you can't have the curtains
without touching that so I don't know
how I feel about it touching the unit it
feels like it you know this it feels
like the unit continues when you go
behind this like it'll keep going but it
doesn't so I do like it it looks good it
feels more cozier but I'm gonna stop
playing like decorations up and stuff
right now to make the room feel fuller
because now it's kind of like mid done
not fully done but they're in Nice hey
did you get your black box
I did get my black box yeah I went for
it is that my Christmas present yeah
thing one of them one of them oh you bad
one
all right come on you made it sound it
was more that's your second one cheeky
bugger cheeky bugger for you cheeky
bugger you gotta read it out MA read it
out lots of you guys like a spouse long
long lots of love from Alice Cowell and
Theodore give me fucking read writing
what a washes little cat paw
this is why I vlog but this is why I
vlog is your man from all I'm trying a
Christmas drink called snowball smells
like shit
hey it's egg yeah tastes like shit
what you need he do this all the time I
don't use it now the person you should
use it which is so won't use it so I
won't use it somebody else's quicker
well keep going she could walk upstairs
okay she goes sure toy isn't set up
buddy oh how can I get menu for you why
do you just walk that distance 30
minutes later check alright a roach I'm
not clearly this is zero recipes for
with each other
right innit have a wheelchair
this guy is fully more injured boy 1 oh
my gosh ladies and gentlemen I look
exhausted shut my eyes are bloodshot
testicles because I've been live
streaming for 15 hours going from level
1 to 55 to prestige and I'm about to do
it right fucking now look at that that
popped up same prestige 6 is ready
it's now 10 o'clock in the morning and
I've still not been to sleep fuck this
Lobby fuck this game
take me to my barracks look at that it's
done
3 days 17 hours oh my god prestige
prestige prestige is done it's fucking
done I'm
one I got 436 tokens thank you for
watching
holy cocks holy cocks I'm going to
fucking sleep
I basically been awake for nearly 24
hours right now my eyes are burning look
how good shot my eye is I do not want to
do this ever again I also got around to
building that zombies video which is
gonna take 2 hours and 55 minutes to
upload Wow and also over here look at
this the video of the livestream that I
just finished is 14 hours 50 minutes and
that is processing I have no idea how
long that's going to take so let's say
I've just finished live-streaming I'm
gonna go to bed this is how bright the
bedroom is that I'd go to sleep in this
is the spare bedroom right now boy
that's how bright my actual bedroom
would be as well so I can try to go to
sleep and it just feels like it's
daytime or as if we can compare it to
what it's like in my bedroom now with my
curtains that blackout is absolutely
amazing now the reason why you can see
the light there is because I opened it
up but it black out I can sleep I can
relax and not wake up I want to thank
you guys for watching I am still in bed
yes I've been up and got out for the day
and you'll see in tomorrow's vlog what I
was up to you're gonna meet my gran as
you guys know my grandma passed away
from Rosie's but you'll get to meet my
other Nana I think you may have seen her
in one vlog before but only slightly so
you'll see her tomorrow but I'm really
really tired so I'm gonna sleep for a
little bit and then maybe maybe risk
going to the Trafford Centre I don't
know how to feel about this I think it's
a terrible decision it's two days before
Christmas but it might have to be done
so nonetheless thank you very much for
watching guys you're all amazing thank
you to everyone who tuned out to tune
out turned out for the stream it took
forever I was exhausted I'm exhausted I
want to do is sleep and rest and just
not play xbox because my thumb has
literally got the imprint of the Xbox
controller in it from sprinting but yeah
you guys that you guys are absolutely
incredible sticking around so long so I
mean my nice dark blacked-out room
it's sunshiny outside and I am going to
sleep so much love I'll see you guys
tomorrow
Andres arias dudes
