I would love to say the greatest I sleep
ever but I did not hmm let's start the
day okay it turns out Steve made that
plant his bitch okay interesting
hey christmas has come early Grahame
welcome back from Lapland that's pretty
good right it's a lot run any could see
great watches of logs
sorry to interrupt about that no grain
watch the vlogs he saw that I was on the
yellow ration but I got on the plane and
I couldn't charge my phone all this it's
music at the same time so Graham got me
a cable for the iPhone that does that
and he's a solar everywhere so fuck yes
interesting gift this morning Dylan
Kirk Patrick I'm sure recognize that
last name sent me a gift which is a
butterfly training I've like a full
metal one we've got a plastic one before
but I've never at a full metal wood dude
thank you my fridge just got better
my dad's loaded up my car your son's Oh
actually everyone saying it's Capri Suns
because there is no a cap RIA so I think
I've been saying wrong how'd you say cap
racer Wow dad dad
how do you say this right how do you say
that Capri Sun hmm
yeah I think I think I've been saying
wrong this entire time I don't know why
I got raised by like a Prius on hey man
you wanna Caprio son yeah man
care for your side sports art not
sponsor it's moment of truth time will
my video from yesterday be finished it
took three hours and 39 minutes let's
see if it works okay open please work
please work please work please work
yeah it looks good like looking nice and
HD skip halfway through it see if it
works
oh it does that nice is the audio synced
nice it is
alright so now the problem is is
throughout 30 minute video this is going
to take a long-ass time to upload I can
hear a lot
of binding which can only mean one thing
I'm about to catch my dad doing it in my
bedroom see you doing it right m84 eyes
ken
he writes mate you're putting that track
of are you hopefully can I finally get
my curtains installed what am i doing
still sat here today is the day oh my
lord I completely completely forgot
Steven is awake and ready to rock and
roll
let's put his little snowman crush to
mush all right mr. Steven is looking at
me like that look he's looking at it
well consciously right you come it out
come here
all right I got ya all right okay so
this is going to be difficult to try and
put Steven into this and the reason why
is that he's dead dead spike it all
right you know chillin here no cause he
tried to run away right chill there all
right how we gonna put this on you how
this is gonna go on I really don't know
because of these spikes all right nope
this is gonna be a challenge oh you
clothes are awful mate don't worry all
right I'm gonna put you in like this I
don't let the holes in me big enough
Steve's got like barbed hook skin so I'm
trying to pull this up his arm against
the grain sort of thing so I'm trying to
make it not uncomfortable for him and
like smoothly pull it over but it's
really really difficult to do so I don't
know if this is going to work to be
honest all right this is actually proof
this is proving not to go on whatsoever
so I'm trying to do is put it round
Steve like this I can actual sort of
like robe and then just tie it
underneath his belly but every time I
get round to trying to tie it keeps
running off so like that say look it's
not too tired and he's got oh god sake
Steve the best we're gonna get it Steve
what do you think yeah it was trying so
hard to get away so I didn't put it on
him and I finally got it on him he's
just like I don't want to do this Steve
you're a little snowman what do you
think it's not amused in the slightest
eh what's the matter
it looks great mate Mamaji you did great
you look fine Steven it's not that scary
because he did isn't black or anything
like that but he is very very confused
fuck's sake is first climb into it it
came up all right fair enough I guess
it's not going to work mummy-ji thank
you very much but we need either a
different method to put them on his arms
because look it has to go up his arms so
it even needs to clip rather the side
the light wrap round or something
because it can't don't these are potting
look it was breathing like crazy only
seven more headshots until I got a red
tiger for them goodbye
but it has to wait it must do it has to
do we have a meeting with heaven right
now heaven that sounds like a person we
have a meeting with heaven right now
this is exactly what I need right now
Chinese food hahaha
salt and pepper chicken pieces prawn
crackers and a curry sauce before I
don't mind if I do I feel like telling a
cheesy joke you ready why did the crab
Bush because the sea we it's actually
funny I don't know why honestly no food
makes me happier than salt and pepper
chicken pieces I could argue that curry
would well that's not correct
bloody I'm kind of disappointed because
Chinese curry by the way if you don't
know Chinese curry is the best that's
why I got I got prawn crackers for and
everything so I could dip it into it so
dip in prawn crackers in gravy not bad
well let's take a taste test review it's
got that fresh soggy look to it right
now but let's see if it's crispy enough
that's a ten somehow if people still
don't know what this is that I order
every time it's salt and pepper chicken
pieces you can get shredded salt and
pepper chicken pieces which is nice but
you don't really get a lot of chicken in
like it doesn't really hold a lot of
flavors crew cheer bought soldier salt
it sort of jug and soften salt and
pepper to computers I'm now going to
take my blasts of lucozade my really
healthy dinner it's like it's like one
of them like TV dinners I'm going to
take these and oh what the hell why did
I order food when I've got a free
purposely went out and bought like meals
and pizzas and I got like food and and
stuff for me to cook and all I do is
cobweb chicken pieces it's just
inevitable either way we're going
kicking back now because we're gonna go
and watch Star Wars I think I'm up to
Episode two and then what probably watch
episode three as well tonight
oh shit what I should probably do is go
on upload that three hour long video
will do that oh shit the bed
I forgot my dad said he put the curtains
on it but tomorrow these are them I'm
pretty sure I showed you guys and
recently for these are my curtains now a
lot of people that I know personally
alike there are actually really nice
curtains but really that's your taste
Tom and it might seem a bit weird but I
really like these like I like that
design and pattern and you might be like
wait you know it's not Reeves it's
fucking trees it's trees weird weird
trees and I like I don't know why but I
love the color of it it stands out
really nice to me I was like fuck it or
make it feel homey and nice and you know
me and cool and it's my bedroom it's
it's my space I like whatever makes me
happy he's going in there
I don't flap my curtains aren't going to
be in here and like in here they're like
kind of what look like this sofas all
this so this room will feel so fucking
cause I can't wait oh yeah really happy
with them if you guys like them let me
know if you don't get fucking shot solid
pepper chicken lucozade Stowers up so -
yeah my boy your McGregor Matt McGregor
what what the fuck is coming on with my
accent recently yo dairy milk Fredo
faces good idea but you know what I want
instead where is it yes yes many animals
oh my lord get to look at this three
nights in a row now that I played called
you in late at night it's like no four
o'clock in the mornin and proudly is but
this guy is gonna be like my BFF for
Xbox like notice almost go away I mean
this guy played against each other all
goddamn night he's so fucking good but
when we play on the same team which is
beast after hours of playing it is done
I finally unlocked my neon Tiger camo as
well as gold this is literally all I
spend my time and video games to do is
to unlock a skin that makes my gun look
from this to this yep oh it's almost
like I never left this room
but I did is now the next day and I'm
wrapping up this vlog now it is 616 and
the vlogs late because of my granddad's
house so I apologize for that but I am
now gonna be live streaming on YouTube
your to youtube.com forward slash
syndicate and give you live streaming me
playing modern warfare in mustard
because it's double xp weekend so if you
want to watch today's the day I'm going
to be live streaming I'm gonna try and
go from level 1 to 55 in a sitting last
time it took me like 10 hours this time
it's probably to take me longer just
because of reasons but I'm gonna try and
smash it see how well we do and
hopefully everything it's a great
success so if you want to Dinn I'll put
a link down description to my main
channel you guys know where to go it's
just YouTube polish slash syndicate you
can find it I'll be live stream ecology
all night so yeah come in say hello and
I'll see you guys in there but I have to
wrap up this vlog now so thank you very
much for watching make sure leave a like
rating subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog and until then how do dudes and
yeah by the way I have noticed that I am
supposed to do like this but I keep
crossing my film so I'm basically doing
the phase up side every outro so face up
up dudes
what
