great now there's two can you do me a
favor and please stop doing that you
dickheads appreciate it
that's me woken up two days in a row
from crows at 7:00 a.m. I appreciate
that fellas thank you I can hear that
you back you twats ah ha ha ha ha
aim safety sit okay what are you in my
asshole
Maya you're actually wearing my heart
actually this is my heart you're wearing
my heart listen that's pretty great
not only do I get wake up by crows and
now being disturbed by Stephen yes again
scratching to want to come out these
Bavarian why'd you look so black what's
up with you have you knocked up the
camera again no you haven't right so
what's the situation what's your problem
we're staying for free flathead today
the reason for that is wrong Stephen got
in the way so I can spike up my hair and
- that's the like in his hat so I'm
gonna rock this again today we're going
to see how things go and hopefully the
other crew does not return
we've spared it to go and enjoy its life
and Stephens just like it's my house now
speaking of which Stephen it has been a
couple of months I believe it since
you've had a bath so we're going to
bathe the bearded dragon all right Steve
I know it's been a minute but don't you
worry
this water is indeed the perfect
temperature fear I've got you don't
panic here we go
look at that like a good dog you know
okay you see can reach the edge whatever
you want
oh he's doing it out you can join me
something fed mate yeah it looks kind of
like I want to say I'm having fun at the
same time I know look at him give me a
little bath like a dry mop make sure
it's nice and warm so it's not cold and
I'm putting back in his vivarium so we
can bask for a little bit but you smell
twice as clean now Stephen you should be
thankful okay
no reason
take this hmm listen oh this is some big
dragon Pamprin if I've ever seen I'm
cleaning him out by like stroking and
cleaning his armpits with it with an air
bud
he's look at him he's like he's like
what are you doing no holy shit things
have got worse you see them all of them
are crows oh my god what have we done
we've taken out the ringleader crow and
the rest of our come back for vengeance
fucking with me what have we done the
Khalifa's died look at this look this is
not even funny me it's like the film the
crows oh my god oh I'm that is fucking
stupid Falasca you can breakfast you
have come I don't know look me up but I
told you about well yeah they've got me
out look it's not yours
shut me up it's not yours that's mine it
literally has my name on it that's my
heart does he say Ken G cos da dun
anyway I don't know
listen I'm saying is my breakfast it's
so much better than yours
thank you I appreciate you giving me bag
just for spot nice food temp to go get
Steven his dinner from swell
you know pickup him up some food and
some lettuce as well as not some some
nice vegetables in a long time enjoy
your food
yeah you get like the chest over here
nah grandad uncle oh hey look well we
are again we rats well look at that very
nice well everything's swell we're about
to get ourselves a parking space as well
brilliant what's so amazing are they
look at me look at usually tail oh yeah
yeah just wrapping around everything up
it's a little snake yeah
oh I don't like this one this one tried
to buy us hello little other red ones
the way it's made malting was it called
shedding shedding at the moment it's
well hit my home boy wasn't in today so
we didn't get any animals out
unfortunately but what are you doing
well haven't we came upon the floor
causing chaos and health but we're gonna
go drop Steve off his mum have you
should dropped all them back there yep
hey there's a bird over there were gonna
get followed on by crows what paranoid
you better get excited by because I know
it's been a minute since you've had
anyway and it's not iceberg lies cause
everyone say in the comments like
iceberg lettuce doesn't kill them it's
just not exactly great for them doesn't
actually seem that interest in it
usually goes absolutely crazy for it so
I've given a bunch of it so hopefully a
little chomp down on it later today I
would set up a camera boy he's not too
over three downs now so until my way to
the ceiling I'm just gonna keep it out
of it but you read that lettuce boy
otherwise you're grounded and so I got a
purpose here we go
all right we're now going to a place
called Cheshire Oaks pelisson how are we
not too happy about that
and I'm gonna risk drinking a little
well big I had no idea that the Cheshire
outlet mall was like this big big thing
I thought it was like one building that
was it booked he's like loads of like
designer shops and stuff
look at the size that Christmas tree
it's got damn huge my dad said you could
even go in it there's an eye chorus I
might go in there maybe look maybe look
for some trainers what what try and fill
it in your hands gone no you got it
right policies photo okay it stay still
tell the word
yeah yeah nice yeah we're immature we
know this is me trying on my first ever
pair of Jordans
not actually going to like set on
getting it with something but I just saw
her in the shot for like 60 quid I was
like quite place you do it nice and they
are comfortable they feel a little bit
too small and white shoes never a good
either I was looking at all the
different shoes to go far and I've
decided on going on these by bus because
they're so lightweight and they're just
like dead dead comfy so I'm going to
pick up a pair of these bad boys for
running
I'm a you're a DJ you're made to be
where's the base what's the base she
drops a massive fart I described this
piece of art as the you get back here
you shit you're not having that ball see
he's like all I want it she's like fuck
you shoo-shoo sir me my dad both agree
that these are the most ugliest looking
Oakley's ever al this is difficult I
feel like I look like some other matrix
he would wear these as I don't
understand what an awesome place oh my
god Lee got a cavalry right next to a
Krispy Kreme yes yes and more yes we get
an American donuts which now look like
this will eventually look like this that
tree is what your fault we're doing that
again
look trees tiny look at it society's
fingers bugger off up a shot now it's
what you call lit that's nice tree that
I can I have a tree that big your miles
oh my garden please what's not I say you
could do that your tree would wit no
seriously you do that to trip from house
your struggle can you please do it cool
it can you please do it please that's
not nice is it please dad we'll treat it
not in your dick this is a video my dad
filmed on his Instagram check this out
skirt oh my god the guy kills it
alakazam ye allowed to come around
smiles because we do a Secret Santa on
the 10th we're having like a big
Christmas meal at my house where's who
worked here at the grapes is a chef so
he's gonna cook an entire Christmas
dinner for all of us I don't know if I
need to help cuz I don't even know how
to use my own kitchen so we'll see how
things go but still welcome it at my
house on the 10th and have like our own
Christmas - like giving presents give me
underneath the tree and then we could
drink a pie it's gonna be awesome and my
dad's not invited you said I'm not you
done I'm disowning it but I'll never
invite it so now dis aware you're not my
dad
I'm unlike me a friend Leland what so
don't push your baby so Savage take me
back are you walking
all your crew Tammy back I'll tell you
look if you if I'm walking or knocking
taking the donor if I'm walking or mob
checking the donors good walk not no I'm
not saying that taking the donors and
it'll Morgan open evil now confuse them
I'll be your friend until you drop me
off okay I'll take that that works
thanks dad great great guy great guy are
you drunk
i stalled it you fucking idiot
wait you really think that this is a
real way to drive I'm asking you watch
you're spinning no no no no don't in it
that's trapped in control now traction
controls up now now slip it into first
dead fast and now it will spin from the
front
go on now wait wait now it will really
real spin
this is funny he tried he fucking try it
I want to say you do a fucking wheelspin
mud show me you're sick he spent go go
on God let me see them wheels go don't
start this Valerius I wonder if you know
how did it all go oh oh it's your boy oh
it's your boy it's your boy
that is pretty dude hey man are you the
DK are you oh my god it stinks
are you the drift King look you know
what stinks good job man
no didn't know you were gonna come runs
away sorry the flashes aren't my own
blinding the baby
I got no parent at all of it but yeah
thank you very much sir nice on memmer's
oh my gosh these guys are the worst ever
at doing secret Center we had to reap
ich again because they all started going
if you got other you've got got and they
actually told each other
so we've redone it again and I didn't
know cuz I'm happy with mine and you
pull baby ones petrified you screaming
all right so we've redone it and on the
town for doing Secret Santas it's do you
know what's wrong right now is that it
is oh my god it's one minute to six and
the vlog isn't live this is avoid you
guys are watching today that supposed to
be live so what I have done from this
point on is I've got in my car I've
drove around the corner and I'm using my
mobile phone to blow this vlog because
my internet in my house is potato I'm
gonna get my heart I'm gonna get my car
and I'm gonna look like the sketch is
busted in the world whilst trying to
upload this watch I forgot some food
because no was out so all right I'm
gonna have to get some food I hope you
enjoyed today's vlog I loved hanging out
at my dad today and in tomorrow's vlog I
go on a mountain bike ride with my dad
so hope you guys enjoy that so let's hit
the road I'll see y'all later thank you
for watching mate really right great if
we can hear 33333 likes I will make sure
I give away a syndicate hat in
tomorrow's vlog so I don't know if you
guys want to win a heart let me know
hurry up stood
