yeah hey I think you look good in this
no no although I don't it's a bed I
can't pull it down but we put it over
here
there you go you look amazing
Shanna claw tempted to win them by boys
today but instead we're going with the
one got a partner on one hasn't got a
patent on DC explain but I still feel
like I'm dying to be honest which is
absolutely great but nonetheless we're
looking fresh we're looking clean my
Grandad's mr. Sheen at yeah they
struggle with that do a lot you struggle
in that door no yeah he's that no you're
a book well I'm well strongly granddad
the fuck's he gone
hey don't you be dropping litter on my
drive you bloody I've done oh thank you
very much mate I'm going getting your
Christmas present tomorrow right oh yeah
so I might put some thought into it a
bit more all right right
that's well what is going on here dad
what it's gone
give me one end of it let's see how long
it actually is what is this what is it
well in actually telling me that is
necessary that's about six trees doesn't
that's not fun that when you think about
hi Keith
hello you're now part of the internet
bitch ken is on a mission ken is on a
mission ken is on a Christmas mission
okay so I was a cow where are they oh oh
I thought they were like here much if I
can't see them they ain't here but we
have myself
we have dad we have Gayle we have Alex
Keith and his girlfriend mmm
hello oh good to see you and it begins
Cheers
Gail's in the festive spirit there you
go got them all mine alex is just being
Alex I'm waiting for you know like as it
looks
we talked about some look like some look
at you which the festive right now that
it's festive that's a wick Christmas we
bear
yeah something I'm well again and then
we've got kick we got cows more wide but
leave me alone we got car anymore what I
don't keep you right large key the the
most vote in boring game in the world
can I interest you in a crusty but I do
mammals can sketch it alright let's see
if I can make it go for anything make
you palace thank you
Oh labelled backwards dummy I felt I did
make it but but unfortunately I didn't
know I did it yeah Tom next time it's
this yeah I do I actually threw out my
arms that much I feel like I just I gave
my shoulder
I actually wiped my out I think we might
waiting my watch on my arm go like that
I thought I could dislocate my own oh
you're out yeah who is this
don't you gotta go you should have been
another girl oh sorry
who's this Thomas this is Thomas I buy
for Alice as a Christmas present you
like it
it's adorable
they get the memo yeah don't wear the
same shirt the boss can't stop walking
it to me nothing got 100 yeah when it's
in a guitar right you said go dad
you can't just keep giving me alcohol
all the time it's not responsible Cheers
all right so we're talking about how we
should a taste test this there's more
wine you said it's pretty bad so I'm
gonna go for it wait I saw it looks like
sweaty socks smells like sweat sock
tastes like you know good beer oh not am
i right am i right
it's great I don't like it right ready
you're reviewing count evens up like an
alley yeah yeah when were you drinking
champagne Shh
that's not best of at all oh it's got a
strawberry on top I'm totally festive
food really a solution
Thanks go fuck yourself Keith yes yes
yes yes yes
excuse me Alex thank you sir thank you
high five it's nice we finally got the
orange Jagermeister drink I'm excited it
smells good well you think of it Alex
what you think I'm better than this wait
stop oh my god
nice the moment I start wrestling with
my dad I actually wrestling my dad and
funds come over I'm like halfway to
being a movie get off me what are you
doing
get off me you see you're a bullet is
this what is this when I start shouting
stranger danger oh we're back at the
stands look at these wait no the woman
morely we got gremlins I got cap Doctor
Who Star Wars
I found the ultimate ten out of ten dish
at the Christmas markets macaroni and
cheese and ham but basically bacon it's
honestly 10 out of 10 and you can find
it if you look at the big turn that's
that tune ignore alice's annoying face
she was right right there so damn good
it did cost six quid which is stupidly
expensive yeah all right but it's it's
10 out of 10 so yeah I gave her a turtle
Assante
thing we did the best choice no macaroni
and cheese and bacon but but you went
for onions as well in you that did look
good however Keith let's have a look at
yours let's have a look well it's like a
like a cheese panini but Christmas
panini Christmas panini
what's that prison food no it that is
more like macaroni and cheese now
Lancashire honks shit cheese and
potatoes - Brown - briella is it but not
a hash brown what's the Mekong it's know
me - Bobby know me know me fit it meet
me meet me know another one another one
another one another one another one
another system only one only one another
one only one
check this out check this out
well yeah me and I just want to know
where did you get that from check this
out
where did that come from check this out
really
but dad looks violate it shoot look look
it up new the Christmas markets oh this
is brilliant
it was having a nice time Chile leave my
drink alone you know key father we
figure he's a family figure oh stop it
we all not update the drink Oh Alice
each juice man satisfy nice like some
pleasure like some poison it is like
nice I know
so pleasurable fuck Alice yeah look at
me always look at me you not know you
guys are on your face hundreds of wives
in jail committing queer old today she
has no idea and the culprit as to who
did it bum bum bum wasn't me
suits me I don't know leave a comment
down below you want it back take it back
oh shit I missed you Oh what what wait
did it go no did it go in the wine right
that's right
it's a moose in the hoose we be in as
much food as you can and had as much
drink as we can Alice provide early to
Carlito I love you bro
do you love other I love you more okay
one day I hope I have a bed like yours
as well okay provide five penguin we
track rushing for the train to get it
back in time and it turns out that if we
want to go to the godly one that's going
to be 21:46
right now it's 2050 and we've got an
hour to wait basically damn oh if we
went in setting a bar for an hour to
just wait for the train and I felt
asleep me lay on the sofa passed out 45
minutes later go catching the train take
me home please
we have made it - good good good good
godly train station home sweet home
now as much as I've said I've been tired
Aniyah I am tired but I'm like I feel
physically exhausted not not exactly
sleep you're tired even though I did
fall asleep
so my point of action is to get in here
get a lucozade down for energy and then
play call of duty all night
mmm I've been smashing ecology oh god
damn not only give a massive shout to
this guy called Bradley who's 14th
prestige and Jason I've been playing
with these guys all damn night and on
that note I just want to say it's super
cool to be plug in my head to him and on
Xbox talking to people cuz most the
times like you do jump into lobbies and
stuff like that and it just consists of
like back in the day it was like we call
them little squeakers but it'd be like
am i yeah you see anything it just
squeaking squeaking squeaking like
really high-pitched voice but my
audience for my blogging and stuff like
that has drastically changed people like
people still don't believe me but I've
got like a nearly 50% audience of 18
tonight 24 year old so I've got a proper
more of a mature audience which is
really
really cool I kind of like it together
so don't worry if you're younger than
that it's not it's not a bad thing I'm
just saying it's cool because these the
people who've watched me back in the day
and then they've grown up with my videos
and myself because I was like oh yeah
which is on videos back in the day I
remember you did this when when you did
that so yeah it's just really really
cool to see how things have gone so yeah
it's got one the perfect late night
snack
boom a nice wood it won't actually visit
a sugar waffle okay my works reason
today's vlog was late cuz I've only just
got our bed probably like at half-past
five in the afternoon at home so
apologies for that but I need to now get
in traffic for probably an hour to go
Christmas shopping stuff still not done
it why I left it so late I have no idea
but I'm gonna get in traffic Christmas
shopping get Steve some food and start
my day so thank you very much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the vlog
make sure you leave a like rating and
leave a comment down below about what
you're wanting for Christmas and I'll
take a look and see what Santa can do I
don't know Santa is always watching okay
he's always watching but till then
thanks for watching I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next daily vlog
sarios towards
