oh no no not this again I could just see
something on my CCTV going back and
forth back and forth I was like what the
hell is it
and it's the crow the calm peaceful way
to start my day with a nice cup of tea
at a dead crow it's memories I didn't
kill the crow but I did wake up this
morning to him bashing on me windows
again I was like there's no way that
noise is in fact the crows again on my
CCTV I heard it saw it and was like so
I've got trying ok where they live now
because I'm gonna go to their house and
I'm gonna smash on their goddamn nest
with that goddamn shotgun today we start
the day being rather damn tired I got
woken up by Stephen scratching it is a
very and like it's even my granddaddy
wakes me up you see what the crows that
wake me up and then all of a sudden it's
my goddamn bearded dragon scratching
away is vivere I'm trying to get out and
come play with me so I'm starting today
rather tired but about an hour or so I'm
going to London I demand to get a taxi
so I got the next best thing
thanks dad the best thing yeah I'm sorry
about that outside it's rich from our
way let's see if I can actually now go
there you go Hey yeah you owe me use
pair of sunglasses by the way I'm gonna
tell them what the story is class baby
let's rock'n'roll whereabouts am I see
this is what I'm talking about
pretzels or even a sandwich with egg and
hominy and crisps a beer and a cup of
tea and not forgetting the most
important thing wouldn't banana I fell
asleep on the train but nonetheless made
it down to London time to head to my
destination and I think I might just
make it in time to give in this place is
so dumb busy like a mad rush
taxi to my destination there's supposed
to be a cow waiting for where I'm going
but I didn't get the details for it so I
don't know where it is then they were
like I'll distribute a taxi but I can
get a train there and I'd rather get a
trainers like a bit of an adventure so
that's what I'm doing
it is insane how busy is in London right
now I made it to London but it looks
like even like America that's like a
proper American building I can see that
red light there is the London honey
we've got like a five minute walk to get
to where I'm going pretty sure the thing
give you starts at 6:00 or half a sicked
so I'm all right time issue is either
that build in this building on this
building that I'm going to so I'm gonna
risk this one we've all got the scrim
name outside I'm gonna risk this wanna
see how it goes no idea he was gonna be
here I walk in the room he's just
fondling the air I can you hear me I was
gonna say all sorts of things there you
go right so we put inflating with this
is the new oculus of the app touch we're
in like someone's boat on us to go we're
in like a hotel room because he sees
everything so just get random yourself
walk straight leaving me offered me a
bit I was like not believe this look at
what did a bump it into oK we've walked
to the room for about two seconds
ignored getting a drink ignore dude
anything and went straight for a
time-lapse I'm just telling him I watch
all these videos and that he thinks
these tripods let the KC setups all dead
and cool and he broke it broke it broke
it within 10 more seconds after walking
in this is what you get when your two
fancy events you get little fancy
tasters I'm so bouncing ball right now
I'm not allowed to show what's below is
what are you ready to go down
oh we're going to use you I'm sorry Rhea
is the most amazing thing in the
absolute world you got 13 kills I was
too busy throwing guns across I can show
you what we just played ball its VR is
amazing the new touch oh my god
a scout star feels like you're in it
I've got that you like you could lean in
it was well good this is what I can't
read me some cheese over it up to me so
you've got some Paul that's mistake
we've got some knocking I'm not too sure
that there's some meatballs Hansen squid
I know it doesn't look amazing on this
plate on my table it looks incredible I
just matched it to the other lucky news
basically these guys are trying to show
off that they've all got their anal beat
tripods and the microphones on top yours
you got tape on it and show you to break
in and try and fix it yes look at this I
actually have one I use I use a gorilla
pod a selfie stick mount and then I've
got my owner coming on or I got my own
rig yeah just don't tell her about that
all right I try I try not to be as
professional as possible
Marcus is coaching this guy stood up
shoot over an object the crowd shooting
people bully just found out your name is
actually Alex no not Mars that's weird
George you too it's you two versus Venus
children
what get out of him anymore yo can you
guys see the screen you kidding
oh absolutely
challenge good job man good job we
absolutely smashed it
we absolutely lost because we couldn't
use a thing but we didn't like how I
caught the youtubers Santa Cana
listening to radio on
oh you weren't listening to a pawn
podcast there now are you sure about
that really really awesome it was just
like a run in Vejle do you want to come
down play video and I was like
absolutely came down didn't know the
other youtubers were gonna be here so
it's like a nice pleasant surprise and
almost sort of like dynamo appeared in
the side playing VR against him
absolutely kicked his ass by the way I
just want to throw that right out there
oh yeah just had a really really great
time I know I'm hitting watch it lost in
this hotel well my look at that 625,000
for an apartment but if you go off to
bedroom apartment 1.4 million home I'm
back I go into the belly of the beast
we're going down into the trains now to
go we're taking the subway to get to the
main train to get me home to Manchester
also known as absolute stop I have one
regret tonight and it's wearing these
shoes I decided to wear nice pants and
nice shoes I say nice but I wear these
all the time
I regret regret wearing my nice shoes
except felt like blisters on both my
feet this is where I go from Waterloo to
Euston from Houston to stop
I'm gonna miss it now but I was going up
the escalator and it was all youtuber
advertisements on the wall yeah look
what I just I just saw Marcus tonight
no way no I just happened to get Vicks
there on there that is amazing
that is so awesome look at this
you got youtubers advertised up there
now so amazing six down he's gonna be on
it oh they didn't put him on it
sons of bitches as the train home it's
gonna take me a whopping three hours but
it's gonna get me home is emptier the
train station I'm not only personally
got off the entire train oh
because it's one o'clock in morning I'm
freezing cold and it's tired I take it
back it's not one o'clock in the morning
it's two o'clock in the morning Oh home
sweet home hello didn't see us I'm
basking in front of my fireplace I've
been awake the next day because
obviously this next day when I'm
finishing the vlog it's already going
dark outside ended up going to bed at
like four o'clock last night after I
like got home from London but I had an
amazing time at the Occulus event
honestly it was so good it is the future
VR is the future you know like you've
got 3d TVs and ultra wide and you know
just that sort of like the gimmicks they
can add to a television they're all cool
and I've fallen all that sort of stuff
for VR is the future of gaming is the
future of entertainment it's the future
of our labs we're gonna become
like them we'll be people who sit in the
chairs get far from eating through a
tube and just be in VR cuz like it's so
good it's so damn good and I just need
to work out a way of how to be able to
capture it
it's about show me my gameplay and me at
the same time because I have so much fun
in VR like that then everyone was like
man you were like the life of the party
was you had so much passion for it and
it's just because I'm hooked on via
horror games in VR a terrifying if it's
done right they're absolutely terrifying
and I honest to god think for the future
of like my career in the gaming industry
I can't wait to make games I want to
make horror games in VR like jump-scare
stuff like I really really want to do it
so
massive shout out curse for inviting me
down there it wasn't a sponsored thing
they just said you want to come down
enjoy and I said yeah and they're gonna
be actually hopefully hopefully they had
a few sets that they were saying they're
gonna send out some people so if they
send one to me I'll hook you up
downstairs in my basement and I'll try
and work out how I could record some
videos with it so nonetheless guys thank
you very much for watching I hope you
did enjoy the video today make sure
leave a like rating and subscribe and
hopefully next time if I bump into
dynamo I can ask him to do some wizard
 for us because I just didn't want
to disturb you master was there tonight
so yeah until next time you guys are
awesome and like I said I fell asleep in
front of this fire fight the last three
hours so I need to do something with my
day today because I didn't all so
far adios
