I can just tell I'm gonna regret doing
this but rank one all the way to 55 and
prestiging I think may take me around 12
hours off ed Steven I'm going to the
shop now I've already got my vlog from
yesterday old and I'm pretty happy about
that I honest to god thought like it was
going to turn out really crappy
yesterday's vlog but I had a lot of
stuff to unbox which was dead dead cool
so I'm really excited about that so
jumping on the electric bike now going
down to the shop getting some lucozade
some food that sort of stuff
and as soon as I get back setting up the
stream and rocking and rolling I think I
can do this I've got until I've got
until 2 a.m. to actually get it done and
then double X P n so we got to get
rolling and I've just realized I've lost
my garage door boronate and if everyone
feels like letting me know why I went to
go in my pocket and found my house phone
net that would that be great information
and I don't think that was a drunk
decision I think I did that this morning
I am not prepared to play ecology of 12
hours that's all I can say in the right
supplies a salad ham sandwich there we
go
wait for it it's so slippery and lots of
lucozade don't don't don't don't don't
dirt and Donen you could say I could
just go in my car to go get to the shops
are thick and I've could go on a
motorbike what having or I could go on a
pail bike sorry as well but an electric
pedal bike is the best of all options
doesn't take as long it's quick and
nimble I don't care if it's called a
fork but it's just so much fun to get
exercise the lazy man's way it's like
yeah we talked about it you still have
help I can get the full exercise if I
went to the shop like I just did then on
the pale bike normal pedal bike it would
probably take me 15-20 minutes instead I
did it in five on my federal bike Peggy
what do you know about organizing things
for a thumbnail day and that looks good
umm I waited I any cereal this morning I
don't think I did okay so I'm trying to
make sure I stay hydrated
fed and everything for this stream I
have glass of water
lucozade ham sandwich cuz you can never
go wrong with the hand some of which
caught Steve halfway climbing back into
his vivere he's been wandering and
running around all my space while some
live show
I'm gonna say hello to stream hi stream
everyone over here sort of thing but
we've got Steve dabbing back on it like
a beast
hi I'm a whopping five hours and 37
minutes into my livestream I'm currently
ranked 40 so we're getting on with
things get on with things
but I just got a nice delivery a solemn
feather chicken pieces so hopefully I
should be able to last much much longer
for this livestream I want to try and
say I've got two and a half hours left
before I finish it but I honestly think
I've probably got like another five
hours to go no my by another five hours
I think I'd definitely go to the five
hours to go streaming for nine hours in
57 minutes straight okay gameplay time
is quite a lot I don't know how many
actual hours in game a minutes in game I
played ball
I've played from level 1 to 55 non-stop
the hype is so damn real I love this I
love this so much I might actually wait
to like 9 minutes 59 seconds I'm gonna
do right now but I can officially
prestige to prestige sorry I'm already
activate prestige oh 10 hours of
live streaming as I did it
yeah I did my last series which was a
race to prestige where I filmed every
single game from like start into
finishing and that was like was that
like a hundred and summer episodes
longer maybe a hundred fifty episodes
long do something like that and is
absolute beast mode but I was like
double xp is on can I do this within
like a 24 hour livestream can I do it in
less than twelve hours like you're
narrowed it down to that and I managed
to do it in less than ten so that is
absolutely beast mode thank you
for everyone who's been in the stream
watching the entire time did it you
Steve just sits in waiting to me to open
up the door for him you gonna come out
you've been scratching that thing for
ten minutes waiting me to come get you
explore my friend explore this is the
next day right now but I'm checking on
the livestream to find out whether or
not it's turned in to a full video now
you might be like why would it not now
you two can sometimes mess up and a
livestream that you do on youtubes
usually only supposed to last about four
hours for YouTube to be able to record
it and keep the footage on their system
as one video and because that was the
whole point of this livestream and
rather than stream on Twitch you have to
download
it in parts uploaded to gal I just it
would have taken days and days and days
and days to do for ice tribute to
YouTube and as soon as I finish it turns
into a video one long video so let's see
if it worked I got a really bad feeling
it split into two four-hour clips but I
don't know I don't know you should come
for syndicate raise the prestige 9 hours
59 minutes yeah oh my is the whole thing
working
no way oh no oh please wait is it
synched do it let me see a shoot coming
down limitation let me see a good shoot
oh it is synced oh my god is wait the
whole thing work oh it has it has them
is 59 seconds yes oh my god a 9-hour 59
minute 52 second video success that
makes me feel happy knowing that all ten
hour oh god where's Steve haha
you little sneaky bugger I like that
every time I was screaming yesterday I
just left his velarium open for like 10
hours so like it was still warm in there
but he just kept hopping in hopping out
hop in and hop it out and every time
he'd hop out I'd look down
I don't be there like look could be like
what do you really little weirdo so
Steve you cheer him I'll play with Steve
for a second I'm gonna take his trash
downstairs rubbish sorry
British American go take this downstairs
are they were rocking and rolling but
I'm so glad that the 10 hour livestream
with it was three seconds off be no no 7
seconds off being 10 hours long I'm glad
it kind of didn't reach 10 hours because
it might have broken but nonetheless I'm
glad I did the livestream no regrets
whatsoever I was actually so stoked
because I've always wanted to do it in
one sitting I think when I was younger I
may have almost done it in one sitting
but quite not made it cuz you know at
school and college and stuff like that
to do so just think that model are very
mastered here and I'm like no job is
play video games for living makes me so
happy to know that I'm wasting my time
playing video games as people see it but
on my favourite game of all time so suck
cess so for me and Steven this is gonna
be a farewell look how dark his beard is
it must have got really scared when I
jump took so I'd bang the floor but from
a goodbye for me and Steven wave bye bye
alright
I'm gonna stroke him like this until
he's beer change his color again by the
way like I'll sit here like this
stroking I know I know I know I'll sit
like a stroking his beard for like five
minutes it'll go a really nice color and
then I'll be having I'm gonna put his
back in these vivere but I could go now
because I got to start my new day
because this is the next day I just wait
to make sure I threw that in the vlog
show and that it works and if you do
want to go and check out the live stream
its slide with them comments on YouTube
like hey mom can I watch one more video
work before I go to bed yeah of course
you can ten hour video but you can only
say it's nine hours 59 minutes and 53
seconds so I appreciate if you guys want
to go check it out go and give it watch
if you just want to be awesome drop a
like rate and we like supportive like
that's what's awesome great
achievement Thomas More that I'd
appreciate a lot but nonetheless look
it's already going less dark as well but
I will catch you guys tomorrow for my
next daily vlog where we're gonna be
going down to see oculis in London
because he got some new v-a stuff so I'm
pretty stoked to see that so I'm pretty
excited to go down to London on a
two-hour train and Steve Jonah come with
me he doesn't give a so as always
thank you very much for watching oh my
god he's got sharp last needle Holmes
thank you very much for watching and
I'll catch you guys tomorrow
adios Steve
