well I found the world foods aisle and I
found Eastern European and one thing
caught my eye this is chocolate favored
crisps I will try them
oh good morning good morning you're on
my dashboard
cuz I'm late for a meeting when I make
it will I make it
aunt I'm finally going shopping to fill
my fridges up I'm securely no food in my
house
I won't be able to cook or at least
nibble on stuff tell me that doesn't
look good
oh my gosh yes can we take a second to
have a look at how good my basket of
food is look at this
animals minis no good Oh what that was a
perfect throw by the way and one fragile
minis what the hell my fridge is gonna
be legit mm-hmm and do I have a pocket
to get do I have a parking ticket No
thank God for that I'm actually really
enjoying shopping for food listening to
Christmas music is getting right in the
mood for Christmas also what the hell it
is seriously what the hell Ally's when
you simply can't decide what cereal you
want you go for who crave chocolate
shreddies boom Hold'em nagas absolute
hands-down the best by the way and
obviously robe ups Jesus three pounds 74
six more bottles of lucozade I think not
what does that work out as 308 similarly
is each you say no to that you go to
this but by where you get the big-ass
what's it called one liter bottle two
for two pound yes okay the stupidest
plus thank you thank you please thank
you mr. waffles Easter Egg confirmed
that was a lot of money on a lot of food
this I'd like I got no alcohol in there
I hardly got any drinks 170 pounds oh
shit now the question is did I get
carried away with all my shopping and
will this fit inside this
I highly doubt it well um it fit
absolutely fingers crossed
perfectly oh man I just got such a good
phone call I'm so excite called you guys
I'm gonna start working with Jaguar more
and I just got a phone call with Dan
from the racing team and we were going
on a trip with them hopefully like it's
it's not booked just yet but it's like
99% complete I'm hoping that if I get it
booked today it's gonna be set in stone
and then the 2nd of January me and my
dad are going on an adventure
also if this could just magically take
itself into my kitchen that'll be great
safe to say now that is a better looking
fridge we got hams
we got Lucas Danes we got cat damn
fridge Raiders we got I actually got
passe for some reason I feel like I
might make some toast
we got Parma ham we got pigs in buckets
just because I really like I'm gonna
want to snap them and then we've got
like poor we got this we got bacon now
we're having fry ups we got we got eggs
we got all sorts of shit and as to what
this is I don't know I get by because it
looks funky all right I've put away
about 90% of this stuff so this could
all just wait because I need to go to
the truck that's ending now because my
dad's there waiting to me because I'm
gonna have dinner together I totally did
not snack on some food already but we'll
just give Arnaud made it to the Trafford
Centre and I managed to find food my dad
this is 216 it's nearly 6:00 o'clock I
supposed to be well well long ago sorry
I kept you waiting boy he's got a whole
phone call that
a culture like 50 school kids turned up
and they already knows my dad boots we
can we didn't sign this and for a place
I'm gonna check my Twitter now just to
see if they don't agree they give me
money away cover sensor actually happen
why it might be made a joke with each
character Oh get out of here I hate
spicy things get it so apparently warm
warm oh she stole something but
apparently my dad's found a money well
yo can you just help yourself to it what
do you think you should be doing this
nothing do you not think this is
designed for children you don't think
you can children just one slot there's
this fucker off I get just one is it
actually real what does it say
boom you did alright you did good you
know that well that we just got that
from they were handed out for free like
you didn't have to donate or anything
but they've raised 43,000 pounds just
through people throwing in pennies so we
got chocolate coins in return and oh my
god worth
oh well call me there next yeah that was
a milk chocolate as well off heaven you
see new that is have you seen that look
over there you see it
well the Christmas oh my god dad look
he's not really in it some church him no
they are as the support to is your angle
Santa is waving at us
no is it wait I actually can't tell with
my eyes that he's moving he's waving
it's just quickly she is looky over here
that's pretty cool it money is
the trumpeting wrong - March of them it
is busier look at it is traffic I gotta
be honest with you guys
I've tried to understand it but I just
don't get it one needs to explain babe
to me in the comments because it's just
like alright the nice talking wrong the
good-looking clothing bought for where's
it where's the price tag look at this
420 pounds no fucking way
after Christmas can you buy me that for
Christmas please please that huh way oh
my god yeah look at the Hat map what are
the chances
yeah we visual video don't worry it's
not it's not 420 pounds like a bay part
that's not only 22 quit that I can't
believe it's over again hey don't touch
the merchandise it's rayon up in it that
fits you you can't I'm not I tell you
what maybe for Christmas and I get your
hat maybe you're gonna put it back I do
understand the point of this book
putting books in cling film so you can't
read them that's pretty harsh now you
really have to buy the book all covered
in cling film so you can't read them
this way well music is amazing if you're
like I mean I feel like I'm in a mr.
bean episode though I'm sure this is
music Valder mr. bean episode ah this is
great yeah ODNR kena going to yang singh
it's almost like I took my mum here last
week as well what are the chances enough
it might explain why you two once dated
I did the exact same thing when my mom
became to the same restaurant look we're
not sad Sam see realize that I've been
weird for you don't wear hats at the
table do you dad no no so
Griese bedhead it is this is what I'm
talking about again the same order we
got the duck and pancakes we got a salt
and pepper chicken and we got a dim sum
platter on the way and 101 what a pro no
all right how the song piece is doing
this time hmm
much better okay what is that on your
plate and eyeball what is that
you're jealous nice pron I think I'm
being a strong Jimmy Jimmy if you
educate steam steam ponds on where you
want to explain yourself dad yeah I said
good order to which food use every other
so don't blame this on me so let's see
whether we've gotten too much food
somewhere I can eat more food we've got
mood fuck more food come in a drink so
this where I lose you
we're going separate ways wrong way kind
of sad to whip the instead yeah tell
that to Whitney he'll be fried your mark
said yeah let's do it with me tonight
okay we need a weekend not Oh see what
I'm eating my own fridge tomorrow see
you're not just tomorrow mind you -
tomorrow - I meant it but it's your
number from speed on and I need to end
this vlog today so I hope you've enjoyed
it yeah I did like this one seems a lot
of like if you watch it like no clips
longer than like a minute so it's like
clip clip clip clip clip clip clip clip
and spoiler I got my hair cut so in
tomorrow's vlog me and my dad are gonna
be hanging out going to Manchester
together and I've just opened some boxes
of shoes don't worry they're the old
ones so you have to wait and see til
tomorrow as to what its gonna be so
thank you very much for watching I love
you guys faces
leave that like rating and at 6 o'clock
I will see you guys then and also by the
way I really enjoyed reading the
comments yesterday I spent like an hour
just going through reading the comments
whilst I was I had Vikings on the
background I just read in the comments
reading comments now I might not reply
to a lot but it was nice to just go
through and just read people having a
conversation and like talking about the
video and you know I just like you know
saying they enjoyed it or anything like
that or didn't enjoy or whatever it was
just really really nice to see the
community on this channel light you know
coming together and just having you know
having a good old time so thank you very
much if you wanna leave a comment
guessing what could be of them boxes
then go ahead and be like one of those
and we'll see what you guys can come up
with tomorrow obviously the DC's book
what color could they be you know you
guys know I've got some weird taste in
DC's but I appreciate your watching
until tomorrow
I'm good try see like a fun and weird
looking one okay but until tomorrow
make sure you tune in stay awesome tell
a person in the comments - have a great
day and I'll catch you guys later
sorry of studs
