more fresh air a bit on a weak ignore
this spot here makes my bid look thicker
but it doesn't it's a lie yeah s cards
got some supply and demanded 9p for
submits but when did you go out a date
today I'm gonna pass on them thank you I
only just got out the car this is where
lives weird I just gotta go just get
outta Lydia's house got in my car was
about to drive off but then Jenny
Lydia's friend turned off I so I got
speaking to every seconds and then
decided to reverse after Lord driving
past me i reversed off into road and on
reverse off enthralled in the car right
behind me is my grandad what what are
the chances life works in mysterious
ways man he's so random but I think I've
done that's proper on his way up to my
house now if I've just seen him driving
fast he's probably on his way to my
house so let's go see him what'd I tell
you what'd I tell you what are you doing
I thought so did you see me yeah you
knew I was going home in here fair
enough right I'll see you sad you all
know I love my granddad but he's just
he's the best at turning up the most
random times any like you know I was
like rushing up to go to the hospital
yesterday to see turns lock I'm rushing
at home to feed the cats eat some food
and then go back till it turns up he's a
woman beast is someone described him
perfectly he's like as you know the Sims
he's like a sim character that just
appears knocking at your front door
randomly all the time
alright she's good
really good hey she misses you she
misses you too a lot like a lot she's
looking forward to see so maybe in the
next two days she'll be home okay she'll
be a home and she'll be busy in we're a
car that would be you I'm telling you
you he's got 40 years but you've got 40
years he's an accident nice and silvery
grey you know all he does he's bloody
eat don't ya just a newly welcome Oh
Dody 2001 thank you very much subscribe
door lock abort I made a bet made a bet
with my audience that would get kill
on puck G whilst us live streaming and
if I didn't get a kill on pop G within
that game of the pistol but you know
what I had to do I had to give away a
syndicate sure so we're gonna be doing
exactly that right now so you guys are
witnessing how it gets done but before I
do that I have to welcome
greasemonkey thank you very much as a
five month subscription and the obvious
King as well oblivious King so I thank
subscribing as well as v8 backup I bio
via what are the hell v8 v8 the boy boy
I don't know I don't know how you say
that name at all but it's time to do the
raffle draw are you ready eight three
two one oh I know if you press it right
but a draw and the winner is mr. Skippy
fit on switcher 1488 days everyone give
him a GG in the chat what's happening
here but newbie gaming keeper
what the hell is newbie game we didn't
sell any pauses right well subscribing
is on switches if you subscribe you
basically support the stream and it's
like it's like it's got loads of
benefits is really awesome but what the
introduced is that you can give somebody
a subscription so this random guy newbie
gaming gave one two three four five six
seven eight
it gave away eight subscriptions to
random people in the chat what the heck
we're on a 380 subframe right now so you
know what that means that means we've
hit the number one one five one one five
three times a row so we're about to give
away the third shirt of the stream and
we're gonna draw it in five four by the
way just the rule you have to be
following me three two one and the
survey says the winner is bro no way a
Jacob broke wait wait wait wait wait
wait where is it dude this guy literally
just subscribed one minute ago dude
dammit what a jagged just subscribed a
Jacky was sorry a Jackie I don't want
Connor a Jagger and jagira
just subscribed literally 60 seconds ago
what's casually streaming weren't a 499
sub train right now what I'm also trying
to play wanna we hit 500 no way and
that's what he gets now 10:28 at night
I've been streaming for a whopping home
seven hours what I don't know be
streaming seven hours ball we hit
676 subscribers in a row - everybody -
did thank you so much I appreciate your
face and BlackWidow 19 thank you very
much for subscribing I guess now we're
on 6 7 7 o now on 6 sorry now on 6 88 I
don't know what who's the next person
who just subscribed then it was it evil
monkey 75 thank you very much my friend
appreciate you I just realized you know
like when I said in these vlogs I'm not
really gonna be doing much
yeah just realized I've done actually
legitimately nothing all day woke up
with Olivia dead late in the afternoon
and chilled in bed with her all day and
I'm just stream for seven hours straight
damn
the necklace goodnight so what do I have
for dinner boom Danny's murder joking oh
yes food acquired for me and the wife me
it's like a cock I almost blocked them
all in but then I was like now I'll do
that flicky yeah I've been gone all day
live-streaming I bring salt and pepper
chicken back and I expect to watch you
move it what are we doing right now
we're watching girls at the Playboy
Mansion
you took the words right out of my mouth
yeah you know what this just in I've got
a lovely little video message for Lydia
to put in the blog's I know she watches
them from forum from Alison cow so you
ready roll the clip
hi guys welcome to the adventures of
Alison Carl we're gonna start our new
YouTube channel links in the description
below the real reason we're doing this
Tom made us do to put the fuck out the
grind is real changing Lydia's bandages
but you can't wait to see that I don't
think we should change your bandages on
camera how do you do you think just
because it might be a bit sorry what -
no no you're my friend when you know if
you have dressed your put your socks
yeah don't take away from the moment
that I'm having yeah did dress you put
your socks on that is dressing okay oh
really okay I just leave those I'll
leave the trainer's no no I'm not gonna
make you do that but I did put the socks
on come a nice guy and if you're good
enough
I'll give you trainers ah it's like a
hamster the cage oh yeah sorry she can't
laugh I'm so sorry I did tell you that
these vlogs would be really really sure
but it's because like the time that I'm
not spending me Lydia is the time that
I'm spending streaming so I'm really not
do nice things for others today
however in tomorrow's vlog you're gonna
see then the fact that you've done it
yourself that means that you can always
do it yourself I was happy to do it
every single day for six weeks but no
not anymore
you shown your your powerful side I
think you ready to go back to work not
amused
well the time in between that I'm not
here with Lydia or spending time with or
I can vlog the day but if we're just sat
in bed I'll sleep today
no no one's but no one's what I spent
from the moment we woke up fell back
asleep wake you back up to your friends
got here that was half the day
got it yeah yeah I did no do not out be
on the block
no we woke up a friends came round but
then I came back and watch like I'll be
20 minutes it's two hours there by
myself boyfriend you look fine
listen it's okay oh so this is what I
was saying in tomorrow's blog you're
gonna see on our first adventure out of
the house
yeah I appreciate everyone showing love
on the video make sure they like crane
subscribing ding-dong in that
notification bell tweet you nose letting
Lydia know she's gonna be fun cause
she's got a sexy kill on you won't even
know issues but I I'm gonna have to end
today's vlog it again I know it's a
short one but it it's balancing that if
we start you know we're going out and
doing stuff during the day as long as
Lydia's up to it then we'll be
absolutely fine the content in the blog
your guys will see stuff that were you
up to and what we're doing but if not
mathematically scientifically telling
you that can't do that
yeah I have bought a can't fit through
that so yeah thanks for watching much
love to your faces I'll catch you guys
tomorrow and the next live show
I'm not streaming tonight if you're
watching this now I'm not streaming
tonight but I think I'm gonna be
streaming Monday so Oh we'll see you
guys on Monday for the next twitch
stream and probably in tomorrow's vlog
I'll tell you what talents streaming
from so are you ready to go on an
adventure
even in her moments of weakness she
cares about fashion sense I'm going much
little toast
