yes Oh foxy what a nice day is outside
of starting my day today I've edited the
vlog I've got it uploaded and I'm ready
to rock and roll morning to your faces I
hope you having a fabulous day today I
woke myself up but 5 o'clock this
morning because my dad's house security
alarm was going off
I had to rush down there be like okay
like a booth and turn I was just a fault
so I took care of it but yeah I went to
bed at like 10 o'clock woke up at 5 a.m.
when NYPD kicking down a door
raped kill some of the false
alarm and now I am a liver tied to
garnished I can't stop us from feeding
Stephen good morning good sir look she's
like a dog waiting for his food are you
ready for a treat are you ready yes you
are and when you decide yourselves which
ones want to be and I have to do is jump
out the box and that's your decision I'm
not forcing you I'm not grabbing you
just make your own decision or we have a
volunteer is this gonna be our last
volunteer to feed so Stephen the mighty
bearded dragon
okay I might have to give him a bit of a
nudge oh no wait there we go
boom fine Stephen you get to eat five of
them because tiny little ones you only
usually three but five will have to do
today feel like this is somewhat
cheating sit as though I'm putting it
like right now this guy's absolutely
like guys absolutely peddling his tits
off having an electric bike is awesome
I was only meant to go run to the shop
to go and get some milk but I got on the
bike and then the weather was just that
nice now I'm just like it why not
like walking is boring yet for me to be
like a goddamn turtle electric bike well
Luton 10 12 9 Mar fry up real and just
kicking back reason love it oh it is
chilly and it's probably really wood
another microphone Gor yeah Mon this way
look we're live look at it just Mau ins
a green grass on everywhere I like a
layer like season like New York Harbor
I'd take this any day over I see he's so
beautiful outdoors more I could get
outdoors all the time but this is just
amazing
Ernie was successful I can now eat
breakfast at twelve forty three maybe
going out with dinner with my gun down
I'm gonna try and take him to the
Trafford Centre
big shopping mall I go too few Americans
and it was like what do you say mall
Tom's because Americans do but
successful ride bikes Canada
and is my back oh my god I shut myself
it's plugged in and charging she's got
yeah I think yeah yeah
- now bars left I don't know total like
19 miles on it now and add two and half
bars left so yeah it's all doing like
full speed on some of it yet the budget
looks quite I got done good time
probably definitely need to go shopping
so I can buy some new jeans because I'm
the kind of guy who has one set of jeans
on one set only I really don't care
about having more or less or anything
like that so yeah I'm not going to go
out my granddad with their shitty ass
that is just so wrong
if you're the kind of person who eats
shreddies hot we can be friends come on
fella where we're going john-boy well
you want to take me to a place to go a
look at leather jacket right yeah all
right so we're gonna go to that place
first then we're gonna go to the calf
one yeah you got a dog anyway um but
then yet if we don't find anything there
then we'll go to Travis tanner
all right all right have you eaten yeah
I'm meeting here alright sweep of you
yes breakfast are you sure you're taking
me for a leather jacket are you taking
me go-karting I found this jacket was
like oh it's really cool I don't even
know what a X stands for it's got right
now I was like it's like a proper
American like school Jackie and then my
granddad said I got pigeon on the back
of it the dumb Pidgey buh-bah film the
pigeon grandes just Ava at me Pidgey on
the back my granddad's brought me
leather jackets shopping and we've got a
choice is he between this one which is
plain or this one that I'm wearing now
you have to leave a comment saying A or
B I might sure like in B so I think
probably walk out with this one green
one he's that green little off it's
black reading you call a blind lad look
up I tell you why it's I see what you're
saying but I think it's more grey of
anything I don't like a collar on
leather jackets maybe I like this man
nice and plain nice keep it open looking
fresh what do you think it's not look
good yeah come on it's done in the
mirror it's done with me do we look like
we do all like we're gonna take on the
town together you like it yeah are you
gonna take this off me for Christmas
then yeah so I don't get it till
Christmas
no give it well so that doesn't that
makes no sense being a Christmas
no this one's mine you can tell me no it
is office it's a Christmas present well
if you're not here yes you know I'm
gonna be here till Christmas yeah this
geezer check it all we're oh stop it
- until you want granddad I like this
jacket mate yeah thank you very much he
said I'm allowed to wear it before
Christmas so thank you don't have to
give it your back Christmas Eve so you
can wrap it up and give me Christmas Day
oh all right appreciate that and as a
little thank-you I'm gonna take him to
Starbucks and get a hot chocolate I know
you having a latte aren't you a latte
not usually a lot a drinker me there's a
lot of caffeine in this a lot yeah and
this is a I said regular and he said
this and I was like if that's the right
size then yeah but I swear this is a god
damn large cookie size of it it says G
on it so I think that means Grundy and
feel Grande's a large but either way I'm
going to be wired off my tips after
drinking this and then about to about an
hour after drinking it I'm going to
crush so bad
caffeine really messes me up here it
goes oh yeah this is what we need
arrived so Steve is my bearded dragon oh
I'm a bitter drunk yeah a lizard so what
I'm thinking is if we get one of these I
can drill a hole in the top of these
ovarium put it through turn upside down
in the corner and then whenever I go on
my smartphone I can see how Steve is
make sure he's doing okay in case
anything goes wrong so I think this is
like I think this is the one we want
bought I don't really good in stocks I'm
not seeing any prices when in for a
camera which my granddad's carrying and
I left with a drone I couldn't help it
this thing was like pretty damn cheap
comes with a gun on top of it and it's
got like a mechanical grippy hand so I'm
going to try and fly this around the
house and then learn to mount Steve to
it all right it's play the game time I
need to work out in this car where the
button is to open my boot because I
don't look like what the is up what
I have a CD player I've never seen this
before
I have SD card reader and a CD
player I I had no idea those talons are
great find
well I found the CD player which I don't
need but I need to find where the button
is for the boo
can you see oh is that it this found it
and now do I just lift it no after I'm
cocky huh you can tell I've never done
this before this one yeah it is daddy
look at all those leaves hello engine
how are we doing
this is 2.3 TFSI leaves oh my god this
is ridiculous
oh we're going on an engine that's not a
good thing no joke this is the first
time I've ever lifted this engine up
ever four I need to put some window
fluid wash your stuff in there I don't I
don't know where else it goes and
hopefully my granddad's gonna show me
because I don't have a clue this
is the stuff right screen screen wash
yeah yeah hang on wait on me to do it no
I'll do that I'll pour it over you buddy
Khalid screen wash hope this is the
right stuff if not tears don't bloody
spill it in the engine you saucy lad hey
Warren do any Irish plastic how much to
pour into it you know Oprah often though
what all the long drive along and
bubbles come out my car no war they sure
run it fall it won't flush you a few
months no really nice Thank You granddad
and your ear lobes of destiny Oh shiii
this better be a bad memory jammer para
Mambo let's take a look at what the
this thing's tiny I thought it was gonna
be like twice the size of this ah got
myself stuck okay wait right what let's
just be frank that that makes the balls
that big look that me know about it I've
been out ofhere boys I've been well out
of here
but nonetheless it's probably better
that it's smaller so I can fly it around
my house yes and as for this gripping
thing this mothertrucker gripping thing
better me kept being mechanical to like
control for your throne otherwise I'm
going to be sad cuz yeah and as for
Steve riding this thing that's
definitely a yes this kitchen was clean
yesterday and I've already made it
successful look like a bomb site the
parrot drone ISM box is charging and the
lights are red so I don't know what the
 that means that's up now it's great
I don't know what that means either
maybe maybe I should read the
instruction mine I thought it was
charging but I'm just trying to install
the nest now it's not
the Netgear camera as well I think this
will pretty much do the same thing I'm
going to see if I can disconnect it from
this pop it through and then do it
upside down for ordered Stephen I could
just hide it in the corner I could
literally just hide that in the corner
is a very and like you doesn't go near
any like where you drinks or eats or
something and then I'll just find out
because you can't see white so we won't
even notice this thing but that is a
weird ass power plug that is way too big
unnecessarily big like it's an erect
it's an erect goddamn power cable just
like now my boy Stephens got a camera in
he's velarium what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna mount that to the ceiling up there
upside down because you can flip the
camera 180 so I'm going to touch you up
there and pop a wire through which
should be pretty simple but for now
hopefully it closes quite well yeah that
was perfect not no bugs gonna get
through there but for now I can keep my
eye on Stephen hello with a little
camera over there again not too up
because you can't see on the other side
of this log and the problem is with
these fluorescent bulbs you can see on
the camera how it's flicking the
security camera on the Steve can Steve
cam picks it up so I'm going to call
that Steve cam I'm watching you Steven
but nonetheless the angle that I've got
it on only shows a tiny tiny little bit
of flickering bobber than that I can
check on Steven whenever I feel like it
just like a fun but thing I wanted to
add into his Bavarian and then I'm gonna
put an iPad in this panel over here so
he can watch my beloved whilst I'm gone
so he's not just at that all day like
 my life you can sit there going
looking at my vlogs going my life
beside it today's the day I'm gonna
finally crank up my bottom warden one
more thing
my Modern Warfare remastered funny
moments three pretty stoked to get this
one out it's a good one there's like a
bunch of funny clips but this this is
like clips from like maybe like two
weeks ago actually so I've had the
footage for ages just never had the time
to get around to editing so boom
hope I get up tonight if not tomorrow so
fingers crossed
Oh Stephens asleep look at him
the whole reason my grandma wanted to
buy me a jacket was so I'll be nice and
warm outside bought leather jackets I
don't usually cook so I'm going to stand
outside see how cool that I'm in it
and decide if I'm taking it on oh wow
your hand
don't tell me I never give you nothing
yes for you to keep don't worry my mum's
quite possibly lost her cuz she
found out if you can get different
flavored carrots are you still there
which one you're going for we're drivin
illa what I want to try it right yeah
that Boris I need one of these machines
in my house well do you know I don't
like I don't know I don't know if you
have to pay for it yeah it's pretty boom
oh is it
Oh what about there's a bag full as well
okay oh my god that's a big market oh
that's looking good what is looking good
my looks so goddamn tasty Oh Oh glad
grilled mushrooms and bacon
that was a dank ass five guys did you
enjoy it
cherry vanilla yep got another drink she
got another drink Wow I nearly had Diet
Coke live button that sounds disgusting
wait a minute what is it why do you just
need too much yes you said they're just
eating the phones like Michaels thing I
was like why the fries why you still
eating you want on four I'm like yes why
are you still eating your weirdo right
I'll go watching the new I it's not the
Harry Potter film but everyone calls it
the new Harry Potter story so is it
what spoiler thanks a what Karen
yeah we're going watching a what's it
called mystical beastie so isn't
someone different fantastic beasts and
where to find them so we're going watch
then that now and yeah I'm freezing at
it so so come on
classical fantastic is it adds a
fantastical is it fantastical I think
yeah thank you for lying to me
go on Karen master very safe and
testicles
like you said fantastical BC where to
find him what do you think what do you
think apart from falling asleep like
five times
I really enjoyed it I give it a 9 out of
10 but it was just sometimes words like
want the animation was insane the
quality of the film was ridiculous but
like I thought the story was really good
I did guess however I thought that was a
bad guy yeah yeah don't say anything
no spoilers but I did guess that was my
gun like a mile off and and the other
bad guy the first bad guy
I guess that um I loved as well like
struggling so quickens at all there's so
many things that find out for than that
yeah I give it a 9 out of 10 go and see
the new Harry Potter film it's well good
put this hot chocolate so damn wrong it
makes no sense I put the milk weight
wise wiser why is the oven on I don't
understand what I do wrong
that's absolutely roasting hot but I'm
gonna risk it spill everywhere I've done
this show backwards I put them why is it
beeping simple button that says take off
yes okay I don't think you guys can see
it that slightly raise it
runway it really does hopper really well
can you guys see this
oh no I don't touch it is with funny
ways wait so they can go toward you guys
ah
that is awesome it offers real good oh
it's um it's me messing with its wind
huh
alright so can I get go I'm doing this
Oh
oh my God look how close I was to crush
it in oh yeah let's go oh no no no no
but okay so my plan of action is not to
have this drawing this close to my head
but I'm gonna try and see if I can fly
around the kitchen's over wish we were
all right if I turn it this way and then
I should open this yeah he doesn't seem
as responsive of responsive as it was
before
push it I'm good we're good we're good
Ami's we're good all yours well boss
hook it up yeah
this thing's wet oh my god this thing's
well fun
okay there's weight on our backs
remember last why this thing is so fast
so response oh she was gonna say I'm a
pro but it died out but thing is I kind
of left this charge in flight like four
hours to go out four hours to charge it
and it still didn't fully charge the
thing which is kind of odd and then it
was full charge for hours then I came in
used it in all used it for about five
minutes and the batches died already
that kind of sucks this is the sort of
stuff I love looking for in movies the
paramedic has his like whatever they're
called like the air things to hear his
heart be on he is right now okay now you
see he's taking them off and he puts it
so that thing is on the left on side the
air piece is on the left on side yeah oh
it's on the right Ganim put in my ass to
sleep so I want to thank you all for
watching today's vlog if you enjoyed it
make sure you leave that like rate and I
really appreciate all this pot and vlogs
the past few days it was awesome
like them it if I can get my words out
it really doesn't do much on YouTube
nowadays when someone clicks a like rein
over then letting me know you guys like
the video but it's still really awesome
to see so much support from you guys
like these people who tuned in like
every day I see the same names on
Twitter like let me know they've liked
the video like the dead instantly at 6
o'clock and I've liked the notifications
turn on my channel so I really really
appreciate you guys are absolutely
awesome so thank you all for watching
the lights are going out in the house
and I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for the next daily vlog so until then I
like trains
goodbye
