by the fuck er speaking French shut up
Enya butter da toilet scrubbing brush by
now it syndicate Rijal calm blend
another rainy day what a miserable
amount of fuck today oh it makes me
excited to start the day but today
someone's been knocking on my window
like this for hours
pretty good feelin who it is expecting a
set of ladders somewhere up there yeah
alright then there the waters where's
the person good morning sir good morning
and very well down you managed to put
them all up already holy shit you ain't
messing around and good job you managed
to do it with absolutely without waking
me up yeah yeah no damn beautiful so
proud of you well don't go in uh fall
come on nice looking the varium Steven
you ready to go in I'm gonna put in your
decorations first and your homey touch
it you know what I haven't got your
Christmas tree yet what the heck maybe
the maybe that maybe the third can do as
a Christmas tree decoration just like
right in the middle like a savanna
perfect
alright steered you like it nice and
clean you got a fern over there decided
to take out the big log so you got bit
but bit of space for chillin and stuff
like that you can bask under the lamp
you can chill out over here you can
chill out over here and I've put this
rock here alright so you can lean up
against this and scratch the glass
rather than friggin scratching on the
Sun into your warble okay no more
kicking sand in Bowl teamwork one
o'clock in the afternoon we're not doing
bad for time I've got to go to the bank
got to get Steve some food and then I'm
going to be working on an epic trip with
Jaguar now I don't think I've mentioned
to what you guys or what it's going to
be but you will find out in January go
in and get a simple form they said it
would be quickly said nope I've now got
to come back on Thursday for an
appointment
never-ever simple is it so yeah I'll
come back on Thursday for an appointment
set the documentation and then we're
good to go but now I
got posted sign of which I need to talk
about real quick and that ladies and
gentlemen is what you call some good
timing I'm her love of God I'm not going
to get a ticket in the post because I'm
compact I can pack for that person is
not right got I'm on the topic of the
posters from sounds of syndication here
is every single poster that I need to
sign now let me just talk about a few
things with this one sounds of
syndication has nothing to do with
syndicate original the two completely
different things
Sansa syndication is run by a committee
called hood well okay and they're in
America and they've shipped the posters
over for me to sign the reason why I've
only got two now to sign them is because
there was a problem print in there was a
problem with shipping and all these
shenanigans starting so I finally got
hold of them I'm going to sign them send
them back to her dwell in America and
then they're going to ship them out to
you guys so now you know I apologize for
the delay it sucks it should have been
out way long ago but fortunately not but
a lot of people keep asking syndicate
original about it and they have nothing
to do with it now got that out of the
way we can head off The Syndicate
original because that's what I'm gonna
sit there and sign all them and just
spend some time with my mum and sister
so let's go oh I get to finally use it
where is it not an air freshener there
it is I get to use my lunches on was it
five guys Oliver but giving me a working
god damn voucher and tell him I'm
disappointed in him guys okay genuine
question did five guys actually start
the company together or like what
someone explained the name I'm confused
someone is raving to five guys my mum
wants a raspberry Diet Coke
lo dico raspberry what an interesting
flavor I know that does not look red
like raspberry at all
oh shit here are five guys awaiting
snack
he's random notes I'm gonna try one
yes her lights test maker smells like a
goddamn Cajun brothel there's so much
Cajun like fumes coming out them bags
from the chips that I've got it's a
ridiculous but I got my free meal stoked
as hell got Allison mom some food
and now we'll go into the syndicate
original Aussies have a rider oh yeah
you doing your hair up now aren't you
that I've arrived but yeah I just got
here right guys but I just need to
quickly say something and cinahl's like
a private office business and we don't
want people turn up that's like I have
the problem at my house but you guys are
listening and understanding to this
place the reason why I don't share the
dressing room that is because people are
not invited it's a company it's a
business I'm not here all the time so
please just don't come visit I just
heard say that right Ellis thank you for
ease wait a minute is it mine is it mine
fucking onions on this one for now that
is mine and flippin heck how fresh lime
jalapenos mama can't get loo they look
good man geesh oh I thought they might
be a good idea on my meal but I think
I'm gonna regret oh shit the bed five
guys how many gone got how many fries
like I alright yours came with a young
to be fair there's two large fries a
book shit the bed this craps I might
normal this I'm the ten times better by
the way you can get cajun fries I didn't
know until it's gotten and they're
really good hmm
again five guys thank you very much for
that voucher oh wait
switch and beanies go home
blimey mate these are what I've got to
go and this is what I've done so far
like not even not even a tenth of the
pile I think there's like couple hundred
Oh which is crazy so if you get one of
these I'm so sorry about the delay but
it issues issues issues but we found got
amount you go coolly look though
beautiful beautiful this is how fast I
have to sign them guys to get the speed
and efficiency out for you all well it's
just happened
so basically when they set do the sales
of weekends they have to recap on the
Malay now because it's Tuesday right is
it Tuesday
ah rekt but basically this is the first
ever snapback syndicate regionals ever
ever saw mum what's the name what's the
name Dylan Jack Oh junk dude or Dylan
Jack Allison and Jack Dylan Jack you are
officially the first ever person to
purchase a syndicate aha
I always get why are you wearing the
reindeer yeah oh this isn't your hat
yeah brand-new one don't worry but yeah
congratulations my friend else on your
poster will sell you that as well
oh this is my offer but host god that's
Mormon no you know what no but we'll
fucking send it separately then won't we
yeah how would you like them apples send
him a bolster the power of being the
boss is getting a fucking poster bit
Dylan if you don't get a poster you can
officially snap my hat in half send him
a poster anyone hey Dylan don't you
worry I might just convince them to send
you one so I'll sign a poster for you
not one of these is the son syndication
ones
well sign you a syndicate og poster and
then they'll ship out too but it won't
come the same time as the hell come in a
different day so there you go my friend
yeah but now we're gonna send him a
respond after poster you do know where
is dinner you can thank me later
okie dokie so apparently someone sent
his package yes fashionable glasses
frost take let's take a look it's not
like let's take a look we first return
to commenting on all right what do we
get wait wait what well it's nice of
these these are not Harry Potter glasses
of it was the thing in the middle
well I think did he see me yeah did you
actually make you make you look like you
go do this hello there students and
welcome today to the great signing pen
side there nigga is my vice hello
without it's not marked up I'm not doing
don't-don't-don't dawn these ones are
damaged so I didn't put them in but I'm
gonna sign something special on this one
so I know it's the last one I'm gonna do
hashtag hashtag one three three seven
o'clock
Debbie Pelt shit now scribbled on that
one I'm about to do smart I have to do a
drawing on this one is in Kingston ah
damn I turned it into some sort of
counting thing but yeah there we go
all done all finished get them shipped
up poor Tom McCullar were hiring
tomorrow has to turn all these all of
these not these all of them into boxes
that look like that he's gonna want to
kill himself poor guy
I know I know is oh wait one second
these glasses the person's name who
these were off was it was yeah Bethany
Bethany thank you very much she says uh
I look handsome with glasses so bit
cliche thank you very much come to
London after not buy your drink
Bethany I hope they'll come to London
and take you for that still running in
England but I made to swell superstore
didn't expect to come in as well and I'm
now here signing t-shirts for the stuff
and then this what should have again
Kier Kier I'm gonna throw you in the
vlog right now because he was talking to
his mom your mom right
hey nice to meet ya about how like I'm
always in his side he thought to come in
today saw my car outside it turns out
he's got a bit of drug as well and it's
a girl yeah and it's to God Raptor yeah
so we never know Steve and uh Steven
Raptor you never know have some babies
look at the colour of that thing but
look at this one this one just looks
like a piece of walk a grass piece of
madres this one is it absolutely
gorgeous this is a panther as well yeah
I got a silver I got this bottom the
details incredible
it's had to drop off first listen
syndicate original for some funds women
sure I know you well they're not they're
not real
no why not you like them oh look every
bottle sick that's exactly what I'm
going for
what do you think of the glasses alright
boy I do this suit me go to you how's it
coming
Jenny get we must take that sailor like
Johnny Depp you did in the shade down
with the beer oh okay I can kinda see
that more like Johnny Depp oh yeah you
re gone yes I can see you again we don't
goodbyes we don't good my dad got the
lights up in the house and they look
amazing
Oh ignore the green oh we've got them
led changing lights in there so I'm
gonna just set that to white but that
looks so good so so good I'm too happy
now
good it's Christmas okay time to see if
Stevens escaped again a mine oh he's the
various closed I can see some drag marks
hey do it alright actually think he
likes the new self it looks very very
chill right now Bogey's up and it's just
been announced I'm like oh maybe an hour
from downloading Modern Warfare
remastered and they've announced that
there's new melee weapons in the game
which I don't know how I feel I'm kind
of excited but not excited but not sure
at the same time and I can where did you
go where is it haha yeah they're uh
Steven was halfway climbing up the Star
Wars box I was gonna go help him he
really wants to explore up there but he
doesn't know how to go up there so I'm
gonna make him a pass you don't try to
get back in there now if I've just made
you a new path all right look I've
adjusted it so now you can climb up this
thing all right come on nope now this
work go yep that's what Nana step right
let me show you your new playground
don't worry don't worry gone alright so
if you go this yeah he doesn't know blue
is mine I just picked him up and put him
there instead and I was like wait a
minute I can finally chill on the pile
of shit II this modern warfare
remastered download is taken forever you
can't move it twenty seven gigabytes
this thing is like the game itself
what gold jewelery mustard itself is
like for a gig so right got quite a
while to go yet someone up some food I'm
hoping my home it Wesley B is working
because if he is I'm a whip-round just
pick up some food hopefully nice quick I
like a quick snack I should have a
proper meal
it's like eight o'clock at night and
hold a stream I don't play video games
I've lost my wallet but ah look at the
house looking Oh beautiful I actually
just the part the car was packed the
other way but went through the effort to
turn it around just so I can turn the
lights on for a photo for it yeah my dad
did my dad did such a good job and I'm
so stoked
where is an import I placed my order and
so I'm gonna play spy harder I just go
into the head chef and like y'all can I
get a check you forget yep sweet so I'm
quickly pops Tesco I'll get some
lucozade for a streaming later on and
then we'll get back and we'll get a
chicken Cajun we get oh it's exactly
what all right now because it's like
it's it's fast food fast but it's not
fast food I don't know if that makes any
sense but nonetheless I need to gather
the cow back now okay so I will catch
you guys in a minute
supplies are quiet to lucozade should do
for about four hours of live streaming
one every two hours I think that's about
fair for pound and a one pound tip later
I have my chicken Cajun forget also
looking for to eating it this is
something I don't understand download
speed 13 okay sweet we understand this
this is great okay my download over here
okay why is it downloading at one point
three megabytes per second
rather than 30 hmm-hmm-hmm I don't
understand
I've tried resetting it I've tried poor
getting my Ethernet cable in oh why all
sorts of stuff and it just it just
doesn't want to do it I have no idea
what's going on my check is how much for
good though today was a day about
motivation getting shit done
unfortunately I didn't manage to get the
the download for modern warfare remaster
done until like three o'clock in the
morning so I didn't get to livestream
so like I guess there's like I was like
if you come on my YouTube channel now
voice I syndicate you'll see that I'm
streaming unfortunately I wasn't and the
reason for that is because I didn't have
the download done until really late so
I'm gonna try and do that today instead
so keep your eyes on my Twitter I'll try
and live stream but I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog and back it seemed to get
rid office the next day
and yeah so it was a bit of a bit
unfortunate thing I wait I wait like six
hours for the download to download and
then the servers were broke the three
hours I then downloaded on PC for an
hour because it was only a seven gig
download on PC and then that didn't work
and by the time I downloaded on
PlayStation and that had finished
downloading it was back up on Xbox Live
so it was just a really really long
wasted day yesterday but it is what it
is and it's whatever so thank you very
much for watching today's vlog I hope
you enjoyed it make sure to leave a like
green don't forget also that if you want
to get some syndicate original swag now
is the time to order it to get it in
time for Christmas so links down in
description for that get your orders in
and you never know you might get some
free syndicate sign swag inside it so
the last thing torching and harry'll
Stubbs
