three o'clock in the morning of that
doo-doo-doo-doo Donna jump in a bathtub
and watch The Walking Dead boom boom
boom shut today was gonna be a no hot
hair day today but that way no hot head
a hair no hot day today bought to
celebrate the launch of the new heart
boom could infer ah decided that we're
gonna rock it so if you want to get when
the brand-new Civic original hearts
that's come out today actually no that
was yesterday then you can go and get
them loops to me down inscription
everyone's been asking when they're
coming out and the family out before
Christmas for there you go also I'm
wearing no pants this lighting is so
sick but we have a package today that
we're gonna be unboxing this has been
trying to get delivered to me for the
past three weeks I have no idea what's
in it so we'll have to wait oh my god
yes oh my god I was like a bottle flip
right on the ticket it says Julie so
don't know anything Jimmy that my
acceptance before it feels feel quite
heavy
okie dokie Jones okay on the on the note
it says okay to leave behind fence so
thank you God it isn't rain when the
stuff delivered but the package is
dududududu oh shit Germany I got my
brand new razor controller solid dude
come make it down to I 50 nine where
razor just unveiled their brand new
razor controller for PlayStation 4 that
allows you but yeah if semi want design
for East Wars oh shit take a look at the
controller whoa whoa whoa you get a note
with it saying congratulations there's
no turning back
winning is all about utilizing the tools
available to you that's pretty nice sign
by men the CEO of razor I'm watching you
boy oh whoa that's packaging I like this
wait wait wait wait wait where's where's
there's the stock but where's the
stickers well I like I just got this
brand new thing I might know stickers
where the stick daddy ah yeah let's take
care of business first of all today
Dennett dinner then
oh they're all peeling down dammit scoop
there we go
I raise this sticker add it onto the
wall by the way the reason why these
tickers keep fighting was this wall is
so cold and it's like an outside wall so
when you stick it to it the glue
adhesive can set to the wall from the
stickers so that those slowly all over
times go e so when dad's going to do is
going to put a piece of wood all the way
across so like even like to see like
that thing that sticks out that'll all
be hidden and you won't even notice it's
like a fake wall but then we're gonna
paint over and I'm gonna stick all my
stickers to that because then in the
future if I ever decide I want to take
it down I could do you like cut it down
in sections and then like hang up in my
houses like Outlook something like
people did I'm sick to be honest you
guys don't care about goddamn stickers
oh let's take a look inside this why's
my phone roomy around there we go
let's take a look are you ready never
seen this before actually off le or held
it whoo oh we got the we got their
chrome bones on the back all this snap
nice nice rubber grips on the back as
well and yeah it comes with a little
tool by honest review it feels really
really ergonomic like that there you see
how it's like you can see how it like
can I feels like it sticks out a bit
more that holds your fingers so really
well as you can tell at the moment I
grip the controller at the moment I grip
the controller may like fingers go right
into the buttons there so they're really
really really cool and everything seems
fine but you've got these extra ones as
well these that I will never I don't
know if I'll be used to playing with
them to that sticker off like I'm only
used to these two so having an
additional set of buttons like if you
play like scumpii like the claw then
you'll probably do that but I don't know
if I'll use them ones that much but
these I'll use these four days I like
that they're actually Chrome as well I
look really nice well see this though I
had this very parties I cannot be asked
waiting for the house to come and get
clean so when you've got to do it
yourself
you've got to do it yourself and you
know what it's kind of satisfying not
sure if you guys remember a while back I
thought someone like almost tried to
break into my car by like wiping the
water off my actual window and then like
you know peering into it but it turns
out it always happens on my car so it
looks like something like this like to
look into it it always does it there can
anybody explain the prize it's miserable
in England and raining there's men to
get healthy food from
go instead angel walk away with a
$1,000,000 scratchcard pound I'm British
so I 1 million pounds scratch card and
the biggest bag of onion rings I could
find mmm yeah I'm gonna really help the
ground as you can tell what no no no for
lunch
mmm well let's reword that for a midday
snack at nearly 7:00 o'clock in the
afternoon I got myself a catgirl prawn
mayonnaise looks great we got ourselves
a corner vanilla chocolate balls by the
way best corn millet Mulla Mulla Mulla
corner yogurt you can get if you
disagree you're wrong I'm sorry but I'm
very strong about coming back to
monstermunch roast beef flavor and
whilst I get I don't forget oh and a
sport look is it because I can't bear it
anymore fizzy drinks yeah that said is
there actually any healthy food in this
house whatsoever
big-ass chocolate cake from the park we
had four tubs of different chocolate and
entire cupboard filled with chocolate my
fridge is there any healthy food
whatsoever there is oh shit it's not
even mine it's a it's Josh's from Razer
a green machine boosted naked drink
which I think it's gone out a day so I
could drink that well I got Jam
but they've got a caramelized Chewie Jam
more Jam more whipped cream
yeah that's at least I have one one
healthy thing in this house other than
that no I wish I was filming this I
don't know how this has happened do you
care to explain
do you care to explain how the hell you
managed to get out you little shit yeah
you know you should be acting suspicious
you look about how the hell don't worry
I'm gonna go check out the paleri how
did you my made me no no no I have not
touched you all day apart from feed you
and as I was feeding him but no one was
as I was feeding him I was sat there and
watched him trying to get out all day
how it's not like he opened it
then he opened it to the explain
yourselves stearin how on earth did he
manage now I I am genuinely in shock my
face went like so Mahon I couldn't see
the top of the stairs when I looked up I
just saw him look at me I was like like
Oh what is this I have just played
myself some cold you in black ops 3
custom zombies
everyone's been requesting like crazy so
I played on the modern warfare 2 map
rust if you guys recognize that and
remember it but that's done I now need
to turn it into video it's like 45
minutes long so if you guys haven't seen
it go and check out my main channel and
enjoy all plays out by the title in this
book this is going to take a while
Steven is been a terrorist all day to me
yeah we see you there telling you being
cool wait a minute this is a hot day
this is a hot day don't forget it's a
hot day oh by the way if you actually do
get when they send to get hats that make
sure you tweet me a picture of it and
pillar and then use hashtag hot day so I
know I know you watch the blog before
and this is out Stevens video terrorist
whilst I was recorded I had to get him
out mid recording because he just kept
scratching and scratching its ovarium so
I might have to like kick him out the
room when I record from from like now on
but this video turned out really good
really happy with it
few little audio issues but I'm still
really happy with it so well time to get
rendered and see what the people think
I'm not sure if you can see the time
from there but it's currently nearly
three o'clock in the morning and I'm sat
in front of my fireplace in front of my
Christmas tree with a pillow and a bowl
of shredding yep that's what I do with
my life I didn't really have a proper
dinner tonight but I'm really not that
bothered so I just decided suck it I'm
kicking back and relaxing and just
chilling out gonna put some music on on
my speakers and see what the Internet's
up to have a bit of a to a conversation
with you guys tonight because I just
want to relax and do it's the next day
now I did go to bed I slept after having
a nice cosy relaxing foot of the fire
but I'm gonna go now and download the
brand new call of duty modern warfare
remastered maps that are hopefully about
to come out sometime soon so if you're
watching this vlog right now on the 13th
of December play which means it's 13
days of Christmas nope
math which means it's like two weeks so
Christmas yeah I can get away with that
one that's good
today the 13th algebra live should be so
group if you wanted to watch I'll be
streaming on YouTube because I'm going
to be doing it as a live stream on
YouTube and then turn into a VOD I did
talk about how I've got zombies video go
to my channel live today but that's not
you're going to go in live I'm gonna be
streaming the new map pack instead so
yeah if you want to check it out then
make sure you swing by the stream say
hello and enjoy a little relaxed xxx no
no a relaxed session of gaming Jesus
Christ this was a weird ending but until
then thank you very much for watching
make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for the next daily vlog sorry
today it was late I was a it's 6 o'clock
now this should be life but it's not but
each other I'm sorry dude
