if he's a quarter that's dating New York
and if you can see carefully in the sky
it is actually snap she's getting a
ticket oh oh she's back in room for a
second because I'm kind of busy today
but basically I forgot I had my pokemon
cards tada
I'm opening a Charizard one friggin
sweet it's sweet I'm at six evolutions
one so if you play pokemon online
there's code to download that all it
does but it's yours all right first cat
boom trainer don't want it that's got
trainer don't want it that's God in the
video no no no Nidorino new that
one I'm not talking about next card
Farfetch'd I'm reading these backwards
by the way so this is difficult alright
whoa that was my shiny a dig dog you're
taking a piss well not happy with that I
shouted I got damn shiny
three dick looking
whatever next card we got a Oh
Charmander that's nice next one we got a
gap gas-lit okay
notice how I'm not throwing these ones I
just don't like the training cats oh
wait I did throw an actual Pokemon next
card growlithe that was actually my
favorite Pokemon when I played pokemon
sapphire energy card and last but not
least I star you you oh you thought
it ended there no no I've got another
pack this time gonna show you me open it
this time we're going for the shy do it
like properly we got the pack opening
gets the evolutions we got the peak but
we gotta Conrad you alright so I
don't know how you supposed to
professionally open them but I'm gonna
open them and then see what's wrong
alright we'll start it off with oh yeah
you guys want the coach well the code
ready three two one BAM download that
 I still don't know that really does
all right I'm gonna do it backwards so
you can see what I've got boom first cat
trainer
next cut trainers next God poly wolf
that's just weird
alright next cat boom another dig dig
trio
I call it dig load try dig I don't want
that my boy next god what I'm gonna
shiny far fetch what a piece of
these packs suck dick Machamp girl with
energy like Magnemite and Charmeleon
again I'll chime under again
well that's oh my god I was expecting
like some oh I've already lost my
shiny don't know how I managed that I'm
gonna lose my shiny
I've got one over here this bad boy but
that's not the shiny I honestly don't
know what I just lost it but I have a
shiny Farfetch'd now this is what you
call a meat and cheese butter
I'm a goddamn ham I wanted some Lobster
and oh my gosh did this place deliver
look at my apparently it's spicy so I'm
a little bit scared whatever than enough
the guy recommended it it seemed pretty
good this ABC kitchen food was so nice
but I walked in this toilet and someone
has taken the biggest ever it
smells like the poopoo in Oh No but I
regret oh yes this is exactly what
I've been wanting to do this entire time
I've been in New York well that's going
in the M&M store it's smells like sugar
ever seen the orange M&M before I feel
like I've never ever known this to exist
in my entire life
further god that's a lot of M&Ms oh wait
that's not the shape of an M&M what I've
never seen that before but nonetheless
that spectacles you look like a tight
one glasses are too tight
wait what the hell is that a hairy chest
or is that truffle it's a tree I thought
that there was his hairy chest
the tree and like counters a bus full of
like random tolerance they're all taking
bows and stuff and I just stood there
waving the mic I want to try and guys
hello
I've got me time what's the waiver me
it's so beautiful Wow look at it like
pollution whoa
oh my the most American snack possible
I'm definitely after bison I know
they're not good for you but when in
America stand everyone's a bit mad as
tits at me yeah I felt like a sleeping
bag something absolutely exhausted today
it's been a long day but I believe
everyone's been mad at me because I
haven't done a hotel taught so let's do
it
I'd like to welcome you faces to the W
Union Square that's where I'm staying
obviously in New York City but welcome
to it I just realized that my door was
unlocked so I don't know what that means
someone's can't come in whilst I've been
sleeping oh come your faces to it it's
pretty it's pretty either way here you
have it here is my room now I'm not I'm
not even gonna bother making my bed cuz
the dead tired I came back took a
goddamn nap I'm now basically it's the
next day I saw her on the stroke so so
damn busy yesterday so basically here is
my room I kept a nice view out onto the
city nothing too insane no crazy views
or anything like that I can't see like
Times Square or anything from from my
hotel I'm just gonna show you guys what
you can see wow that's people I'm a
douche you just saw Katie now is that
gold yes I am very aware to the millions
of people keep asking about Casey
stopping vlogging a lot of people want
me to meet up with involved because I
was busy out here I didn't at the time
and obviously they do just stop blogging
so the whole partly doing that is so we
can have a break and focusing on the
stuff so don't waste this time back turn
up something but I can see a big rope
here so I'm deciding whether or not I'm
just about to see the window cleaner I
could scare him I don't want to follow
so that's probably bad idea obviously
I'm gonna rake it out attend the bed all
that sort of stuff
I'd give it like I'd give it an 8 it was
a nice room nice staff hotel was great
this is what's in my minibar nothing
nothing too crazy how to cut coke that's
about that I can't complain never touch
any alcohol cause you probably got stuck
an arm and a leg the bathroom as you can
see here nothing too fancy know since
you fancy totally flush the toilet to
totally talking about under yeah that's
it
showers oh that's bitch she gave me
something out of 10 it's going down to a
7 because when I woke up early in the
morning this shower took about 20
minutes to get from cold
so not happy about that I mean my black
bottom that's a really weird thing to
point out but when you were in a rush in
your shower and that thing's not ready
not acceptable I really like how I've
got food from like all my days here like
I've got my food from that really nice
fancy restaurant I went to I got food
from M&Ms
I got M&Ms on there and a can of coke
and most likely oh yeah I've got
goldfish down there that I've eaten as
well so yeah I need to exactly know but
I think is on this other end of the rope
is all over the place
this guy drunk he's going on there
haven't you're cheeky bastards there
your hotel room you've all been
complaining about it the reason why to
do it straight away just because I got
hearing slap throw away and then every
time I was in the room I just slap
straight away so I've exhausted I go get
my backpack which I ready to rock and
roll and then I've got a few hours
before I've got via the airport like 6
o'clock so I'm gonna check my bags and
I've got an invite to go to rock star
studios so if I could sleep behind the
scenes and take a look at Red Dead
Redemption
- that'd be sick but most likely
obviously I'm about to film or anything
so I've to sign an NDA when I'm walking
which means non-disclosure agreement
which means I can't talk about anything
I see so should be cool to go over there
if I can meet the team that be
absolutely weak in some they did an
amazing job with gta5 so I'm gonna go
wrap up this vlog I take a poo so thank
you very much watching hope you enjoyed
if you did make sure the black rating
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. tonight Ceylon blue also next day
live on may be delayed because I'm
flying back to England
time delay and all that sort of stuff so
it might mess everything up so just in
case now you know I'm also gonna with
the Pokemon cards behind for the cleaner
to give so in case they have like a kid
or something the kid can play with them
cool
they've even got a dick joke frh back as
well yes
