shit the bed I look like a fucking
Pringle oh thank god my house is clean
but this morning I have less than an
hour to build a Christmas tree put on
Christmas music and rap my secrets on oh
but thank the damn Lord for one my gold
and two Amazon delivery came in clutches
held my secrets time her present arrived
right this minute if I would have gone
back to sleep I would have missed it but
thank the fucking Lord accidentally woke
up there we go we've got dumber and
dumber decorating the Christmas tree yep
so from what we did last time if you
just hid that in the top it of the tree
and just fed it all through rather than
trying to put it up from the bottom it
just made no sense though yeah good luck
with that boys I'm fucking sick mate
well good job flip it X Steve
Merry Christmas from my homies but I'm
now wrapping my friends gift luckily it
turned up Amazon delivery this morning
and I managed to go out and get Pie Face
that game one goes with pie so rob the
gifts now get downstairs and enjoy the
rest of the night Tweedledee and people
fucking d'amour Beria I've done a good
job decorating the tree for one quarter
of it the other side's fucking Bob oh
hey
fucking Don I'm doing rows it was a bar
the best guest is turned up little baby
our love a little goddaughter look at
her ha ha ha ha a calm before the storm
I think everyone's here now it's noisy
it's time to start a very good day
it's going to be a longer welcome to the
first episode of cooking with Wes
where's what we got going on today lunch
what is this oh my god
what are you making turkey dinner yep oh
oh is that antipasto go on eat pasta
whatever
oh nice I like it this is a lot of food
and hi Hana and then this is the most
filled fringe of no food just alcohol oh
my gosh this was probably like the best
10-pound I've ever spent was happy best
on before you shoot yeah yeah oh no it's
fine by the way this this is um because
I talk about these kegs a lot like throw
more units like contribute towards what
we decided this is ariela's college fund
20 pound 15 doesn't have a Christmas
jumper so we forced him to squeeze into
one of my cinder cones
yeah come on super money no Hulk it
looks good thing next year in the Secret
Santa hot seat so yeah 30 quid budget
and someone shopping at Selfridges
what's going on earth Oh whoever did
that thank you for sticking to the rule
I tell you what this is Becky you did a
good job come in come in thank you did a
great job to say I need more chairs and
stuff and Liddy you're doing a good job
in I'm very very impressed with the
trapeze you can fit for charity
I just need four more shares that's all
we finished Secret Santa I didn't
actually film The Secret Santa I should
have done but it was just nice to just
enjoy the moments I think it all came
out who everyone got I had Tom McCallum
and you know we went to get Strunk as
the glasses I got in some new glasses a
bit beer pong bit a bunch of other stuff
it was actually really really good so
happy with what I got for my Secret
Santa
I got a group one I don't actually have
I've got like group with like green hair
is like different individuals but I got
group I got this look how good that is
Nintendo controller that's actually
excuse me a USB extender that boom saw
it and then got a dick mug no because
dick and then I got some whiskey rockers
that apparently rock all right you sure
you can't see it down you will test this
later
I'm gonna truth all right
oh yeah whoa it's fucking sick nice um
is this a unicorn Oh enough lives a
unicorn wait are they just a must to
keep the horses warm yes brilliant burst
you shit I want to marry you okay yes
we've had a beautiful starter the baby
is somehow asleep - Tom Tom shaking some
pepper out not nice pants paper looking
great I'm doing it ready for round two
music idiot got lit as hell all right we
got more we got some ham where we got
some fish are these Sherlock's or Paris
plus a show-off an onion Becky Oh Becky
Oh very crispy option Yorkers I swear
I'm not drunk
I'm just I'm very struggling right now
you've done good kid you've done very
very good oh oh yes this is what it's
about this is what it's all about
my man my fucking man yeah yeah we're
doing good with us we turned out all
right after setting bins on fire and
shit I'm food calmer to hell right now
Tom and see how you're feeling like you
want to die oh it wants a life not bad
not basically shoot me the summary of
Tom a column hit inside the wine glass
it's only oh I've got edit a vlog so it
was it was the most depressing thought
when I might I've got it no I haven't
checked lock twist
I'm now on my pedal by just been to the
shop to go and get some apples ours
because we do not like the fun like
Christmasy drinking games I'm pretty
much any drinking game we can think of
so I'm quickly on my bike to to the
Tesco cut up all sours I'm now headed
back home and I'm pretty sure when I get
back we're gonna play musical chairs yep
we are like 23 24 year-olds and we're
about to play musical chairs fuck yeah
and we're back okay let's oh my god
musical chairs he's ready to play
musical chairs Wow the fucking
and it's not a drink in a longer time
she's not the baby so she's getting
licked
Stephen I want you to meet Becky and
Stella yeah I've got the triple video
yeah you've got YouTube movie yeah you
take that up right hey listen he's never
shot on anyone before I actually never
acted like a well good Elizabeth by no
means when I get my candy cane nails in
candy cane candy cane oh my god you do
know that it's normal to paint bed
dragons things okay I only contain them
it's immaterial
Steve hey miss boot we'll be all right a
Steve number one player oh yeah
one give us an overview close how are
you feeling
fuck you Lydia well had a tuck take just
push the small people out the way in
you're winners bellowing everyone's mind
with this right now right my table
transforms Donna see well better right
Lydia
hey teamwork Hey yeah press it like that
no oh whatever your last name is wait
make make shit what's your last name
run something rhymes AK triangle
we're planning to fight wait the
swearing things do it fuck off you bunch
of comes you swore
it's guys last name yeah you said it as
well
however Becky she goes seven six
Oh for the record that's alcohol is bad
for you you know do this oh here we go
oh she's gonna get her she's gonna get
her
now that was nowhere near as impressive
as the first time oh we go again oh my
god this is the last thing topic on this
oh my god fuckers got into the boss
what's he say piss off you
what Assad sod
I was about to blog and say Antion
Joshua is gonna win this and any Josh
you were just absolutely so she asked
you how did you think about the wind
like hedge think about the wind
I mean I'm I'm just over the moon by it
done well is trained for it it is
commitment it goes to the gym every day
you know with its blood sweat tears into
it it's a proper sportsman and can't
falter honey I'm out the meal right now
the end this vlog I've managed to edit
it once out that family dinner so I have
to go I was in town you can say hello
Tom Joe NW joke these that crow was that
gross oh my you can end the model video
please yeah no it's not a macro face
this is how you're gonna end everyone
yeah keep it real can we really
appreciate anything to do appreciate the
little keeps wagging our Rhett Rhett
Rhett hey see cineq a oh yeah okay then
salutes
