ah the liquid of the Dodge goodbye Josh
goodbye Travis never let go I feel like
I'm losing my people bye-bye
okay now go to bed what is all this
commotion going on out here
what oh my ringed is here looks nice I
think what that's finished building that
were about to plug it in and I'm gonna
have a nice little decoration in my
garden at the same time it looks like
I've gained a camper about 4 o'clock
right now probably a good time to stop
okay
I am really tired just because the razor
guys you know i tee up really early to
go but well starting a D or getting a
bed and I actually want to get a few
hours in on call of duty because I've
not believed in a while so let's get
this dick cracking hey hey what are you
doing hey I'm going out tonight all
right so when I get back you better take
care of me because I'll be intoxicated
and it's not good for you so don't want
to set a bad example to you but you take
care of yourself okay if I if I don't
survive the night you live long and
prosper okay it might look a little bit
odd that it's on its own but it's really
nice like it's really really really nice
and I did a great job putting all
together and stuff very happy she is
poor thing I left her behind for so
goddamn long
she's been here for three days I'm
surprised they didn't get my god damn
cat oh oh oh yes the shop was worth it
this is now a fridge of Champions I
think every mixer you could possibly
want for a drink or god a coke sprite is
the orange no we're all set you got
Colin got copper burg mixed fruit we got
glass bowl coca-cola because Chris loves
that shit we got Stella we got some some
girls or whatever's at the bottom there
I'm liking it as for food I spit oh wait
as the food no what christmas you always
have that my box of like different
chocolates and you're like oh my god
which one do we get there's so many
different variety well obviously I went
ahead and got Ferrero Rocher you know
cuz Ferrero Rocher is pretty good but
what if you want fresh eh
then you want roses what if you don't
want roses you want here Rose what if
you don't Heroes you want quality Street
and what if you want the best of all of
them celebrations hard to get every
single one of them so no one can
complain that they don't have their
favorite chocolate I hope so interesting
to hear
which one do you prefer because I like I
said do you like heroes but celebrations
oh wait no they added the cream egg to
that one okay for me is between
celebrations or heroes help with your
son driving into town before I get very
messy I'm going to have to introduce you
to hurry the biggest headed man I've
ever known
one of my greatest your friends of all
fucking time thank you see that is
exactly what I'm talking about broken
out good decision
yeah good decision Grayson
me and Harriet run out of our shop so we
can't drink it yet this
there's loads of this book this is all
this is Scott Scott Scott Scott so we
can't drink it until these guys get from
the last fucking dead to me
oh wait they're coming come on I need to
record this source of actual evidence
you agreed to 1v1 me m16 done bot for a
hundred pounds yeah I'd shake I'm gonna
livestream it and as well top CPU can be
he's got a 2.5 k niche I'm not playing
I'm not baby yeah yeah play the game if
I play the old bot that's the easiest
hundred table while you want ever 16 um
Bob hundred quid I just want you
adequate that's nice dear I so hard my
Susie Harris lofted and a glass of water
because tomorrow I have upon the reunion
of a redstone legend
this way to medieval under-eye circles
is
hey leave a light rate if I knew I don't
this is life
really
what nothing really really good friends
you just have to appreciate these
fucking ledges sky Bobby fucking days
my chest
radio in for the widette home
that's all change and I was going to get
messy
kitchen
the video
Oh
Hey
bloody hell I would like I'm still drunk
from that out but brilliant night out of
the lines at an absolutely I saw this
blog that way because but this past week
I've been like doing so much stuff I
just have another time to sit edit the
vlog can get uploaded but nonetheless
it's up for your faces tomorrow vlog to
be really good because me and all my
homies having Christmas dinner at my
house and it's gone amazing but it was
so good to see all my blue coat school
mates absolutely love them to pieces I
do not see them enough and it sucks that
I don't bow and that way it's like a
reunion I hadn't seen some of them guys
in like six nearly seven years or
something so we just had a really good
day all got really drunk if you like a
lot of people talk to me about
responsibility and drinkin stuff like
that I take responsibility for myself
and like my friends around me and I
don't want you guys to see me drinking
and following my footsteps and it gets
cool and clever because it's not alcohol
is bad fear but honestly like I have a
great time my friends and that's how I
like to pie so there we go
nonetheless I'm gonna go downstairs
enjoy the rest of my night you'll get to
see tomorrow's vlog then I'll make sure
I see you on time hopefully so leave a
like rating subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. how does
