more wall and the wrong goddamn said we
got a bit of a chicken curry going on
here it was kind of nice this is Bret
this chicken it's actually really nice
like an attempt I managed to fall asleep
in my chat Hawaii I don't know I was so
really really a favela it was kind of
like one of them sleep for your life at
least out I slept so I feeling nice and
fresh right now I'm just in the bathroom
you know I got like 45 minutes left
before we lunch so he'll kick back glass
of coke and then that in New York New
York
like totally into me whilst I was
talking that or the aircraft not me I
did leave my youtube joke here on the
last flight I was on but plan of action
now is to get their lives or has been
hotel how long do we think it's gonna
take until I find my bag I'm hoping
about five minutes or thirty seconds we
shall see only took about ten seconds to
get my bag
right it smells like Subway the food not
the underground vehicle that is just so
typically American big-ass flag big-ass
fire engine we're in the traffic his
busiest it's been stuck in traffic for
like an hour since I got back from the
airport heading to the hotel now I've
gotta go get some food that's gonna be
me for tonight and then start work
tomorrow so it's gonna be an adventure
ball apparently Trump's in town that's
why the traffic is so bad so if I get to
beat Donald Trump probably like I like
your hair that's about it goodbye come
all the way to New York it smells like
pizza and I came to seek dope ass
decorations and that's it that's all New
York has to offer what the fuck that is
he just randomly walking down this road
I'm like why is that sign I've got a
Twitter thing on it and I looked or
laughter there's another Twitter picture
what it's not Twitter
oh and look who I found googled maybe I
should knock on the door and ask him why
YouTube's broken alright then I had to
come to Chelsea Market because
apparently that place over there's got
the best tacos so I decided to go for
this apparently this is like a 10 out of
10 place for tacos so let's see what I
give it okay I made a massive massive
mistake these tacos they're nice but I
put on that this Sal Sena didn't know it
was like the hottest salsa and I put it
on all of them so what's Matt was my
reaction
it's like a bottle of flavors oh that's
a solid nine kind of cute hi yeah let me
show you something that is really cool
but after I nearly died that thought
it's so pretty oh I want to do whatever
that is
to my house that's a lobster place so
I'm gonna try and come back here
tomorrow or something like that and
fingers crossed
yeah king crap because remember when I
was in Ibiza that's all I am let me show
you another easter egg if you are just
around here there's YouTube thanks a
place called sugar and this is the menu
like that nice that bunch of things but
read this oh my god football's not the
part that and read what it says because
that is fucking ripped accounts I'm in
this bathroom looking at this wallpapers
like boobs out this boobs out and just
like naked dudes and you see how they've
got their hands out just like freely
when I'm looking for a little affordable
ones boobs but then some ones do I keep
the cyst in the hands of these bags this
is what you call true would you look at
this this is a lot of famous people
who've been before
oh yeah of course he's been able cheeky
bastard you've got like all the
Kardashians you got Drake
and you know when it's a cool place when
you've got fucking rotten cookie Weasley
boutonniere as well Chris birthday Danny
Wells Akon no I did no I did no I did I
should know if I don't I don't even know
his real Jared Jared Butler oh my god so
remember his name is Mike Tyson fucking
boost Britney Spears FlowRider
no idea no idea Lindsay Lohan and then
him again grace Helbig just came what
grace Master sha met you in person your
legend I think you're awesome
I am so god damn tie right now because
like the UK's like five hours ahead so
it's like 9 a.m. and I've still not been
to sleep I slept a little bit on a plane
but other than that I'm just absolutely
exhausted so I'm gonna try my best to
vlog over the next few days but at the
same time like I've said this I'll try
and like a Q&A tomorrow or something
because like the vlog would literally be
like 30 seconds long so I can't film all
day and I will just try my best we'll
see how things go until then we'll just
wing it alright so I appreciate you guys
dealing with the business that I got to
deal with and I will catch you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog which might be absolutely nothing
so I apologize it's only gonna take like
three four days so until then
