we're starting today off by saying good
morning to you by Steve because we have
some bad news today and I don't have to
do it I remember in the vlog Steve had a
cricket in here which has been his
friend he's loved it you know like we've
made fan out for it and stuff like that
but obviously that's a big poop
but basically through all the comments
and concerns in the latest vlog
apparently the cricket is in here Steve
to eat you no joke and I really wish I
was joking here because I want them to
be friends forever but basically
crickets try and hide inside of a very
muffled a lead dragon and then they eat
on the dead skin of a bit dragon now
it's kind of like some people are saying
this is a myth no it's not yes it is no
it's not and that if the if the cricket
bites too much of a bit drag in the same
place it can you know obviously cook the
Dragons actual skin skin and then it can
get infected because you don't see it
and then they can go by and all sorts of
different stuff so for safety and all
that best risk we're going to take
Geppetto out of Steve's for fair room
and break up the friendship so that day
Steve when we saw Geppetto sigh on top
of your head apparently it was eating
you so we don't have to feel so bad but
what about Susie I haven't seen them all
day but please tell me of you
have you eaten him let's hope you
haven't eaten because it's feeding time
you hungry hmm YUM you want Derrick one
dead good stuff you want Dada Dada
hopper bro you want get what Karen off a
bro you aren't dead you weren't dead you
like that he does not give two shits
this morning what's going on
go for it Stephen give in to temptation
eat the cricket Stephen always seen it
look at his eyes he's like I'm watching
today's the day we're going away we're
gonna get dressed cause we're going away
alright so part of action today is were
traveling and we're going to New York
City where the girls are clean and the
grass is broken at the work the girls
are cleared I don't even know where I
was going out but basically I'm going
over to New York today for a few days
and whilst them are there I'm gonna be
working so I'm not gonna be able to vlog
like at all like Tom that's just not
pile of deal this is daily vlogging
little get your together and I
agree but it's really gonna be that time
constraint that I'm not gonna be able to
vlog like at all so I'm going to try and
film little snippets throughout the day
and if I can it'll build some sort of a
vlog but what I'm gonna try and do is
fill the gap with like QA or something
so I really really need
you guys help as to what to do in flight
the next few days of how to fill content
for this channel because usually I just
fill my day but if I can't fill my day
then what does that say about my day
okay that this is really weird
setting off to go to the airport and
it's snowing what's this about
me snow snow what the
I just hope to look of God that someone
hasn't already crashed in this line just
the zero point zero one inch of snow
that's fallen all we can do is hope and
pray I definitely made the right
decision saying off Holly because if I
would have left any later I was gonna
sell for half seven they photo set up a
half seven I would never have made it
but like we said a little bit of snow
and everyone shot themselves or for
Terminal three
we meet again the weather is getting
awful it was snowing now it's raining
and also thunder and lightning like
crazy so I would not be surprised if my
flight gets either delayed or canceled
look at the size of the line that is
ridiculous
thank god I've got priority boarding so
I just went straight to the front and
now we go to the gate there we go
made it through security took quite a
while but now I'm through just feels
really weird to be watching the Sun
rising I'm used to it setting and then
it just being darkness so we're going to
the airport lounge to grab ourselves a
beverage and a bald head unfortunately
they only have iPhone 7 smart battery
cases you don't have movies yet so I'd
have to get something like that they
only have it for a seven not a seven
plus so I cry every time and also look
at this for if I have could for just a
leather case I don't need this in
my life okay so I actually caved in and
I bought a case and now I do buy the
four it could run this was like thirty
pound it's just like a silicon like hard
case because I've got the shiny iPhone
and it just gets scratched so bad so
it'll protect as much as possible so I
just picked up this phone out to give it
a better grip problem it just like
sliding so until morph we bring those
out mock reduce the size of
also but in the end you got some cereal
some fruit and yogurt and chemistry and
for breakfast we have chocolate
croissant jam glass haand and a poncho
this is honestly like the coolest thing
ever
I'm so proud of like my fellow youtubers
cuz every time I come today I look at
the Box section and I never see youtuber
books but today I found Joseph's book
look at him a little legend absolutely
all of the guy so I'm gonna let him take
up an extra space so we can get more
sales then so we've got Joe sugg there
though we've got his sister Zoe with
this book here absolutely well cool and
she's got like a room book club and
everything's all wait where is it John
might these stickers everywhere which is
dead dead cool when I walked in as well
I also know if this Dan T Devon's book
so good like I'm actually well proud of
him like my every youtubers released a
book I'm like so proud it was so
so cool just to see like people I know
and like friends for out the years like
have the books in stores everyone always
ask me like why would I released a book
at the opportunity years ago but I'm
just like I don't read books I just
didn't see the point in release my own
book like that was my common sense way
of walking out it just feels like it's
kind of counterintuitive I will say
sadly couldn't find the Seidman book
what you see Danzig aforethought or buff
come find it
oh my go is it called if you can see
that book it is freezing however I'm
boarding next stop
Hotel is raining you cannot wait to
leave this peons I'm then find more rain
in New York most likely I'm hoping this
little super impressive on my new iphone
I don't know Museum into someone's house
you see them can you see them that's the
first I've been on a morning flight on
British Airways here free bacon sandwich
okay let's take a look at the state of
this bacon what that's definitely not
very good okay here it's cute so I'll
try it
for what Oh mate we'll fly there the
London what is the closest thing at the
party right now is like a tourist
attraction okay right a second this is
the River Thames Tara
well impressive and if we look carefully
eventually we'll be able to see the
London Dome have a new tower attic
whenever you find from Manchester to
London oh it's on the right hand side
were playing with a window because if
you can see how it's the other stuff
protip introducing the London Eye you
can see it down there looking like a
circle thing that is London Eye well
this camera is actually really good I
could never show you this in the past so
that was my finger that is London Eye
that right there is Big Ben and also
is it Westminster I think is Westminster
and then this way over here is an apple
there's the shot I've called thought
this is like the tallest building in
Europe right now they're shard those
cameras actually sick those chips of
well impressed we are like behind us is
like booking files where the Cleveland
was either that or I'm wrong I am wrong
I am I knew I was wrong
London Eye Big Ben and there that right
there is where the Queen lives ha
look at that all the sites in one shot
London Eye Big Ben Westminster and then
where the Queen lives booking a poet is
awesome one of you one absolute view to
fly over absolutely beautiful my
incredible love got such a clear sky
where she was even on the Queen and see
what she's doing she's in a garden mate
she's gathered it yeah but that's
booking in pods right there as well
tourists going stuff
I hope you hope you guys enjoy this tour
man this is like this is like pro MLG
stands right now this is 24 th cash up
I'm happy with that it's good it's good
now what I'm noticing is a lot of people
bring to my gate so I'm assuming one
aviva missed it or two I'm really late
so I'm just gonna keep on walking and
see what happens be 34 but that's where
I'm going to a New York City
um oh oh I totally forgot to
upload this vlog I was supposed to stop
today start filming later this low
logwood got then ah I'm gonna try
and attempt to upload the vlog on the
plane now before we set off with 4G
hoping that I've still got 4G if not
then I'm screwed and I will catch you
guys tomorrow and this will still be the
same blog so fingers crossed this works
if you enjoy the video make sure you
like subscribe and tomorrow's bug I will
be in New York where we're going to
struggle to vlog so we'll see how things
go
