mom you can have whatever you want you
can hear whatever you do $1 words you
can take a box if you want no you're not
allowed to take the box you're allowed
one all right one excuse me you're
supposed to eat them in the house you
don't take up that what's in your pocket
in watching it what's in your pocket
give me the sweets back Mac your bird
you don't come in again
last warning that is just signed an
absolute ton of posters for you guys and
all right listen I don't know what to do
this one but basically I try to draw a
Christmas tree and presents and then I
was gonna do like a star on top of the
tree but then I messed it up so if
anyone actually wants this tweet
syndicate original and maybe my mom
might give it away it's a fable yes all
right because this is ridiculous
today's the day guess what the day is
film manga is $60 60
no that's oh no that's not today today's
the day I finally get to open this so
you guys know this is gonna be a
sponsored video for LG basically I use
the lg monitor that I've got upstairs
anyway and then they were like Tom can
we send you another one you put it in
your video and I was like hell
yes and you are moving boxes today to IB
my unboxing helper no
negotiations that there was no like
halfway measure of maybe listen listen
all right wait wait can you hold the
camera at least past I open it mom come
here come on boom you say yeah yes so
test it out Jones I've actually not seen
what this looks like I'm not sure if
it's black or it's so look at the other
one I've Bob's dead oh my gosh a box
it's a box
are you ready for this you're exciting
okay this is with lid pull out TV put it
down put a thing I'm sweet walk it off
instructions
we don't need lots and lots of cables
power cable nice 244 hose so it needs
power and I think I really need to stop
waving this around a plugin oh wait I
put if this TV doesn't work we know why
a plug changer
a coop hangar sent something and then
take out this buh-buh-buh big it is
I think 34 inches I'm going in
I'm just lipping out of packaging so I
want to see it fast as possible skrt
skrt skrt skrt skrt all right spinel
ready yes Oh
come to us beads in the back what's the
help it's got two USB three in the back
so you hate flies and the deed and the
DP in just by Bob oh my god
you're janus mum you're jealous I just
want the old room I don't know one
because you're everything you know well
there we go much of it says convict
mommy come we're getting four pant sizes
come on come on
I joined Roxy now sighs we're still
supposed to be filming yeah she's so
slow filming her folks
listen you stole my chocolate all right
this is the list you could you know tell
all the terms of film in schools you
doing this well smooth all right now I
think it might be the same size all
right is it the same size yeah no yeah
yeah it's the same size yes so now I can
technically have two white screens ultra
wide so LG thank you for the screen I
really appreciate it you guys the homies
I love doing this taking off the plastic
so now I actually have to build it so be
right back
this is quite possibly the best
invention ever no ever product should
have screws that you need screwdrivers
for anything like that they should have
their money because they need to do by
hand but we have the stand dad to get
the bad boys green eye and just like
that old screws out new screen is in I
think the actual power cable for the
back of that monitors the exact same as
this one so I'm gonna try and see if I
can use this now how do we turn it on
okay I clicked a button I can see some
light is it ready to rock and roll
already let's find out oh there it is
144 Hertz apply let's make this thing
look sexy
when LG see this video live like wow
surely totally going to show some
gameplay where it looks dead fluent and
crisp and everything like that and I
could do that but I'm going to show you
the one thing that I demonstrate to
people when they come round to my house
how good 144 Hertz monitors are over
somewhat like thirty or sixty and this
is the simplest and most just like
pleasing test ever so here you see just
my desktop absolutely fine now what you
want to do is just open up a file like
that just anything so it's in a window
and if you ever go to look like a
computer store and you can put like try
one of these LG monitors out 144 Hertz
just grab use it using your mouse just
grab that like this and do that it's so
weird but that moving is the most just
majestic feeling ever because like when
you do it on less than hundred
forty-five it feels kinda like lagging
and slow and I know it's such a stupid
thing but to anyone here is 144 this
mother will appreciate what I'm saying
cause me it makes you appreciate how
good 144 Hertz is this is why I like to
use 144 Hertz light sports and stuff for
like men like you know right when the
city I know it's like tennis and stuff
it's because you can actually fall and
see the board one of my brother and move
its wheel I it's just like it's so
satisfied satisfied that was what I was
looking for it's so satisfying so if you
ever get to use 141st forty-four Hertz
monitor just do way to do this just do
that with a frame it's so so satisfying
yeah this is weird now as much as I love
my syndicate Golden Lion as my
background it's not like aspect ratio we
made that was a expect aspect ratio
that's a really good work actually
fitted for a 21 by 9 aspect ratio screen
so the whole point of worked with LG is
that they run this competition right
Lords with other people submitted out
work and you look down to the final 14
people with their design so the design
are actually made specifically for this
size monitor so it's pretty goddamn cool
there's some weird artworks in here that
I'm like not too sure about and then
there's one that's like sick check this
out regarding a god damn banana suit
chili on a hill like Giza I like I'm not
too sure what's going over this thing
she's got a ghost come now mister man
oh no wait it's a genie coming out of a
lamp I like hell we're struggling to
actually see these designs so I'm going
to download them and gonna set them as a
desktop wallpaper to see what they
actually looked like because I'm not
convinced that is actually a genie
coming out of a lamp I may have just oh
whoa holy crap that's a lot of detail
right there it was indeed a go ghosts
come out of a lamp oh and there's me
with a terrible mustache what the heck
is a little guy wait what what is this
why is she stuck in the ground
I'm so confused by this entire drawing
that I all there's a lot of turn on home
many downloads is a Scott because this
oh this one's only have 34 downloads the
winning one so far is on 1443 so it's
looking right left download this one is
what so this looks like but it's looking
like this guy it does look sick but it's
looking like this guy Alex oh she is
gonna win the competition which you can
win like oh hey it's going like ten
thousand dollars worth of swag it's
pretty dope boy but I think everyone
should go down in description and vote
for for Perry Lewis & Co and NCL from
Taiwan because come on man there's all
sorts going on but for science purposes
let's check out what this one looks wha
said it as my desktop let's have a look
at this bad boy
all right how's this looking oh my god
alright that that is beautiful that is
very vibrantly colorful and amazing I
like it spaceman look sickest chips
didn't even realize that was a planet
that's pretty sick I didn't realize they
were all the planets hey that's pretty
good but the same tough we we have a lot
of power because we can we're basically
helping are these people right now who
are in this competition so if you guys
want the current winner who's standing
to win because I do like that one it's
all space and stuff like that if you
want them to win then I have to do is go
to the website and download their
wallpaper because each download
council's basically about like a blow
but if you guys want to be awesome I
want to do some cool right now
alright and we can make Pierre Lewis a
boss everyone should go and download his
wallpaper if everyone goes download as
well
then I think we did ourselves a good
thing all right that's all I'm saying so
links down description if you want to go
and vote for this being the winning
design to win like $10,000 worth of
stuff then go on though I don't even
realize there's a one-eyed Cyclops what
what I just whole thing makes no sense
that's why I kind of I feel like I bond
with it I had this is this what people
do when they look at our work they're
like it speaks to me cuz this definitely
speaks to me in a weird way it's a
tomato that's smiling hiya Minnie I came
out to vlog this we're gonna go dub
earthquake in my house did in the
earthquake from New Zealand reach my
house there's a crack in the wall that's
not good but back to focus it now don't
let me swayed you guys if you want to go
and like vote for the artworks then all
you have to do is download any of the
wallpapers you can go and download for
all of them 14 free wallpapers for your
faces for your for your desktop
specifically made for 21 by 9 screen
okay but if you do just want to vote for
one individual wallpaper and the way you
vote is just by downloading it to help
out the designer the RS you know the
photographer because there's a bunch of
different like things on there
whichever wallpaper you download counts
as a vote like I said if we want to be
awesome and we all want to download that
one that I thought was funny
then that person can go from currently
like last place to first place by just
downloading a free wallpaper so it's up
to you if you want to make something
epic happen and I think we should
because the person is a legend and
hopefully we can like find out whether
Twitter is in black congratulations you
won like we hope we helped out and yeah
that'd be pretty sick but if not don't
vote fairly vote for who everyone and
let me know on Twitter who you voted for
so if you want B team syndicate go and
vote for my homie with the tomato and
the woman that's stuck in the ground and
the Cyclops and in tomorrow's vlog we
will be unboxing a brand new bite you
guys will have to tune in tomorrow for
that because today I want to focus on
the monitor I could even do it today or
tomorrow or whatever but I really wanted
to do it today because I'll just if it
was sat there this entire time because I
couldn't back it for a weaker
I want to get in it I want to get in it
I want to get in it so I'm gonna go
download
I think cod4 well called you you
remastered player on the the monitor and
see how sexy is
games about computer and you guys should
know this by now I've been talking about
a lot of my vlogs that my computer it's
got like a 250 gigabyte SSD hard drive
where you installer your programs games
and all that just never ever ever seem
to have space
I like I've never known why I've ran
programs that are supposed to like fat
like I'll show you I've run programs
like CC cleaner free which basically
good looks through your computer it
tells you like what's taking up the most
space the most memory knowledge sort
stuff and if it doesn't know what it is
it shows it is or the files so these are
the files are taking up like two hundred
and ten gigabytes on like if you I'm
like what is taking up all this space so
for about the last 45 minutes I've gone
through every file on my computer
through my C Drive right clicking right
clicking properties to see what contains
all the space and I finally found out
after months of me stressing the tips
off and like almost bout to get a new
computer I finally worked out what it is
and made my way to this section of my C
Drive C Drive again is where you install
out your games in your like programs so
they've run faster because you want to
be able to read from that rather than
write into that I believe I'm right in
saying this so that when you have a
different Drive like if I just open this
up a little bit over here oh let me
do that if I open this up over here
you'll see computer basically there
being my C Drive has all my programs
I've then got my storage which is my D
Drive that I can read a right to like
absolutely crazy so we're perfect
alright set got you guys updated is a
little bit of an IT lesson here so I get
to here and this is where like it says a
folder in here has got is taking up all
the space so like maybe I've got some
games and origins no zero bytes that
makes some sense I worked myself down to
updater and I press that am I always
 this is where it is 136 gigabytes
so my okay well open up updater and go
through this nothing in there nothing in
there and I get to roaming and I want to
go to properties I'm roaming 131
gigabytes is taking up inside the star
so this is what you see like all these
are what I've opened like this is files
and files the file of the files the
right-click and see how much spaces in
it so nice to get to roaming I go to row
ring and I go 80 launch and work my way
down all the way from top and I get to
Apple Computer a hundred and thirty
gigabytes is being taken up on this
computer by Apple it's not even a
 Mac so we dive even deeper down
it
or compute a rabbit hole and we get to
here and I'm like there's no way the
first thing that jumps out me I'm like
there's no way mobile sync there is it
but when I go to Mobile Suit data my
phone has accidentally when I plugged it
in backed up everything on it onto my
computer onto my C Drive rather than the
other one where it's absolutely loads of
space and it's fine it's accidentally
backed itself up onto my hard drive and
take up all my goddamn space so all the
times that I've liked not deleting my
videos off my phone and put my phone in
its then saved all the videos onto my
computer and taken up all my
space no one I couldn't even install
dayz I just downloaded the new code was
like oh I can install I've only got 20
gig one I need 50 I was like I wasn't
driving myself mental and the fact that
I found a farm I found it is like
finding a needle in a goddamn haystack
so I'm running a risk now do terabyte
hard drive that I've got it's a fast
reading hard drive and I'm backing the
back up but my phone I'm backing that up
through the mobile sync so if I go into
this light here I'm back in this folder
up onto the hard drive here which says
it's going to take forever but I'm
backing it all and once it's done I'm
gonna delete this file off the computer
and hopefully it should free up all the
space so I hope I'm making the right
decision in backing it up so I've got
the backup of the backup and then
deleting it and having space to install
games again so I hope you guys really
didn't care about this story but I
thought I'd share it with you so when I
look back in the future I'm like haha
remember that time I over my
computer by installing some into wrong
place yeah I just add it to my fail of
technology fails so yeah there we go let
there be mother light look at
that a hundred and fifty nine gigabytes
free on my hard drive I can finally
after another half an hour install
modern warfare remastered on money
monitor so unfortunately model warfare
remastered was going to take way too
long to download so and it'll get in bed
and passing out so I'm gonna wrap it up
today's vlog right now it is cut the
next day and it's currently nearly 6
o'clock so I apologize for me waking up
so damn late but nonetheless
gonna be trouble in over the next few
days it's gonna be dead cool a little
bit of a surprise where I'm going so
doing a bit of work so I don't know how
much I'm gonna be able to film whilst
I'm travelling but it is what it is but
don't forget if you
go and help one of them artists win the
competition for the LG Prize then by all
means go and vote link will be in
description and a massively appreciate
LG sponsor in this video also at the
same time I'm waiting to hear back of LG
whether or not I can get a few of their
monitors to give away to you guys which
would be pretty damn sweet probably like
a twit giveaway for them sort of things
as well so make sure you follow me on
Twitter and then I'll speak to LG and
see what the heck we can do something
that's it's really fair right so thank
you for watching and until next time I
love you guys faces make sure you leave
a like rate and subscribe I'll see you
guys tomorrow for the next daily vlog
which will most likely be late
