hi MA all right come on in I'm very well
thank you
welcome home I ain't seen you in like a
day oh yeah oh yeah safety first right
there I'm liking I know you're good me
what you think he's called Keith Keith
he's called Steve Steve I don't mean you
okay this is your granddad behave with
him all right we feel you want you oh
you are nice for Mom
all right way to hold Steve oh yeah oh
oh you're old in Steve way right one
second either need Stan from a phone
Yuri
all right Steve oh you ready
Oh get your hands out all right come on
Steven don't worry all right Gary told
Steve I want junky it's got really
really sharp hands okay it's like hey
King oh yeah leaky stroke under his chin
knows he's safe
Oh remind me the Komodo dragon a komodo
dragon no Steve could take on a komodo
dragon any day any day any Jay got some
food I can feed him these are a bit big
but these ones are bit big balls oh I
think he's seen them he is definitely
seen these I try to feed him come right
you give me Steve you grab us go and
grab it
Goodrem don't get it get it going done
get it done get it
catch it get grab that it's gonna get
away all right you hold it I go now just
put it underneath oh oh where you going
he's stood on it oh you go back in oh oh
gone you got me chowder no no don't know
it is is it going to be puns
it's gone
oh is that yeah look tomato without it
there's on the side of your pants oh
you're funny ended there were it were
you doing you got a hole that you can't
just drop it yeah and drop it look see
he wants to get back in don't get back
in no I like I was running over his
freak on Stephen come yeah gum anybody
side okay cutie phone is Bob all will be
sound and Steve Matt Gordon oh that is
so cute oh look at him where is he going
Steve step away from the edge you know
you're not supposed to be out here you
know you're not supposed to be out here
it's a dangerous deathtrap forbid isn't
it go on eat your ox oak you go on yeah
you know your room isn't that way Steven
that way OOP there we go
go and play me granddad it's amazing
he's back again it's all ninja Joe open
up his cage Grendel climbing oh wait
wait wait it's gone beyond you what's
going why is he doing grandfather has
left us he's gone because he's a was he
doing he's going on my mom's coming over
my mom were going to travel Senna my mom
stopping over snack because justice
Daily Register she's gonna kick back
soda after rush or anything like that
and just to chill he just break his
winner about Tim Alfred over a Harley
you know me just broke into his car but
more your time ma'am there we go he
didn't do my tiling more are we going on
the window I mean the window
what look wait what's it called the
wheel that was it what's the actual
wheel what's a cold is it the morning
wheel the I history
no it's got a name what's it called
Ferris wheel God that took way too long
oh my gosh she drives me crazy
chinese-food we're going to young sink
it's very Chinese name Oh year year year
robbing Chinese food for it's
Christmastime music in here so it's
pretty good down lit bro well generally
haven't move Joey oven that was that's a
great weight thanks Bob
we're gonna go for a dim sum platter to
start with definitely definitely then a
crispy duck half not a hole to cut it
all that maybe some salt happy to chip
chicken if they have it chicken means
they do nice and then everything I don't
know my mom says it's really rude to
wear a high table flu
does that work and how rude is it to
leave a hat on the table
I look like a nice school but what will
get a little bit seaweeds and pronto
some spring rolls some no idea and some
testicles okay maybe they're not quite
testicles but it's very appetizing
minimum
I never let up seed and wouldn't pilot
cake you have one pancake then you get
West pond sauce where's that wouldn't
come fast there's nobody from fathom Oh
God Peggy that dock looks amazing
some have a chicken pieces mmm they're
good but without the bass oh dude that's
Tony Smith yo did you enjoy food okay
now I got trying to see if we've got
Mophie charging cases for the iPhone
southern oh that was Amy that's have no
idea how much it is but that is a nice
looking car damn donut wait how's it
gonna work I know I want to see him open
it open it Phil oh she's going for it
she's trying it
just present no I start going to open
that door plot twist I asked the guy the
door is doesn't even it open so you try
to failed for no reason
challenge I should be doing Christmas
decoration take your picture I am trying
to look at the size of intimating grips
compared to that Mary's boy child Jesus
bow charged Jesus Christ was born on
Christmas Day oh man you guys remember I
lost my watch that's the one I watched
and our face was stolen by a hotel let's
be quite frank but I kind of want one
that with that face but with a rubber
strap because the silver strap just got
ruined so I'm kind of taking a look of
what they've got but lately the manly
man watch but this is the watch that I
used to have that unfortunately got
stolen riperoni cup really but then this
is the size of a watch that I actually
need instead much smaller with a rubber
bail on it instead because this got
really scratched me I did like it when
you're really scratch and the
fingerprints that piss me off all the
time it's clean all time but I really
really like this one you guys have to
understand how amazing this is right
I've told people that in the past
because I'm sure it was real and then
I've never heard anything of it or seen
ever before again after that but it is
actually real if you buy this watch
which is like 25 grand from Breitling
right you literally pull it out it finds
your location and it sends a rescue team
to you and it costs you ten thousand
dollars or pounds to renew it every time
you do it but no matter where you are in
the world it will find you and they will
save you like it's a 10-gram bill no
matter what so if your drunken night out
and pull it 10 grand if you're out in
middle of like the desert lost 10 grand
book they will find you and rescue you
it's good idea Rene but I think wisdom
oh and then you pull it and it's tender
I built it because it's in them in the
person who buys it it's in their name a
cripple attached to your credit card
that you get fined ten runs I'll charge
ten grand but I just don't think I could
have ever anything like that because my
friends would be drunk on a night out
like Tom's one could ruin and then
they're never
money for it would live bastards that
really is that IH I thought about me
your fingers that really is that good
mama I could see you you know like
you're like Steve you're a pest yeah
that's well think look I don't know what
it's supposed to be but it's nice what
the fuck is this it's a bag that looks
like mom what is this what the hell is
this about
I'm so confused right now like what is
it that you are these phone cases
they're phone cases what
this is fucking stupid now mom I can
agree with this that's cool that's
swaggy all right what it is I don't know
whatever dude this it's a knuckle duster
humpers that's genius
yeah we talked about it we're not going
on the wheel are we yeah it's too cold
it's it's I see it's got chancy could
break you know there's lots of variables
to take into this ball successful
journey Chinese anyway Manchester are
wounded right I I guess I'm not to take
it down to London soon the eye god
moment it's like one of the most famous
things of London
they're not just I'm not just gonna be
like an actress do you know big it is
it's twice the size of a Manchester
she's this is my mum she's drunk
it's nice success a Mundell I don't know
if you can see us but now me and my mum
i doing my mom stayed at my house it's
like a mother and son sleepover we're
now watching Jason oh my gosh Jesus
Christ it's Jason Bourne that's what
we're watching that's the scene in the
film so watch it out now we'll let you
know what I think of it afterwards by
Jason Bourne film review it I think it
was actually just called Jason Bourne
other than ultimatum somewhat like that
I like the bottom
The Bourne Identity is how old it used
to be called but now it's called Jason
Bob but nonetheless it was good action
facts like shot really well apart from
one film scene at the end but the
overall story of it you just kind of
like ending you're like that's that's it
like that that's it so this whole film
actually did nothing it's just action so
I like if you like action watch it if
you want a natural storyline that makes
sense and has like a like a a loop
around to finishing clothes don't watch
it that it was completely missing that
fact call me then you thanks for a nice
day exactly find an app shop no oh well
I'm gonna watch the ending final episode
of Westworld season 1 homes gonna go to
sleep
so usually well no I'm stopping over
she's lived in this bedroom this is a
god that I never really thought about
the benefit of having spare rooms until
I had spare rooms and it makes complete
sense book all right love you too good
night sleep well
see you tomorrow
today's vlog guys well thank you very
much for watching I am now starting a
new day where tomorrow I'm hopefully
going to be building my Christmas tree
yes she'd be nice and sweet so until
then thank you very much watching make
sure you like her and subscribe I'll see
you guys at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog sorry of studs
