one o'clock in the afternoon I finally
got out of the bed the home and there
the kitchen everything who why don't I
just get out of bed about to find Ken's
outside a coffee shop over it and I find
these fellows I don't like throwing you
Nevada this guy with his a helmet on
over it was waiting outside the
campervan for you to wake up so her yeah
on a cravat they all what I see Ken
something introducing Kent um now
getting a cup of tea down me and
starting my day at two o'clock in the
afternoon
Oh time to take the bloody edge off with
Ken cheers mate makes a change from
seeing alcohol and our hands done it
chin chin chin chin and you got your
gingerbread man oh bloody ass book I
spilled a latte wait a minute whilst
I've been sleeping as what is the
opposite bottle it looks like a bullet
so whilst I've been sleeping my dad's
found a fossil some jet-black something
look at the size of this shell what and
and then a rock with a hole in it that's
what that's what you all don't rock a
rock the hole in it then rather what ah
if all sorts what kind of animals happen
dad just told me to come over dead quick
with my camera otherwise I'm gonna miss
it so I'm not sure what we're about to
see I'm guessing it's a train I think
it's gonna be a train go on a bit oh
it's a train whoa whoa just smoky drain
yo wait it's gone the wrong way
wait what
what I'm so confused right now okay okay
go home train you're drunk whoa that's
nice
I'm special oh it's a Christmas watch
this fast I was like Christopher hi kids
Oh brilliant was I'm gonna be honest it
threw me off on it was going backwards
wow this is all good though something's
right Wow hello hello hello hello
special knocking something close to
Train an acceptance is a heavy poop on
the side of my car one bird poop to boot
three bird poo for booty that's what you
get the packing you can oh five six
seven like having deja vu because it's
almost like we've been here before ken
haven't we
we decided that this place was that good
that we're coming back to a be war
that's about menu happy Wharf some food
oh my gosh I'm so hungry some fish
looking very nice my friend and I've got
a gammon steeped actually exactly one
week one of me right now
oh man the logs up dad hopefully it
works and hopefully everyone enjoyed the
fact that I changed after you this
weekend
have you had a good time have you
enjoyed having me yeah we've shown
Whitby we are you don't yeah what we
make yeah it's been good
definitely what I went shopping for
these clothes yeah save my life
eat your food gonna get in the car now
and a two and half hour drive home it is
called I'm tired and all I want to do is
get a shower and go to bed
oh we have a hundred and twenty miles to
go I'm doing all the weight so he can
show you 120 miles to go okay well done
Matt but what I've saved add goodbye now
all right I would actually drive by his
side but isn't a camp fun and got us to
go really dumb slow so I'm gonna whiz
off home faster than a mile faster I can
get back then he actually can let's find
out also with me you've been amazing
thank you very your time your
hospitality to all the funds I've met
here you're all awesome stuff the
restaurants and stuff like a legends
goodbye
that feels good to stretch my legs to
our drive in the bag made it home
let's see Steve let's see if he acts
like a donk like he still has been doing
excuse me hello stay buddy stay bone all
right not even eating all your food I
did Polly I thought you might be hungry
well something gone you doing all right
you drank all you are you've kicked sand
absolutely everywhere and you're pretty
choke to be honest nice to see you mate
oh I'm watching a horror movie I can see
shadows of tails
or whipping like this got to think it on
camera
what Steve what if the doors open me hey
excuse me excuse me sorry the doors open
don't you open it this way for you oh
yeah Eddie's hand on it I'm sorry mate
all right you let go let go let go get
Steve had is there a reason you're
laying your lettuce you're supposed to
be eating that not covering it in Sun
and I even moved his water ball from
over here because you know when you see
my junk up against it it can be several
things if a bearded dragon scratching
ain't ovarium it can mean one it's like
restless and he wants to go it can mean
it's not got enough space to play around
in so they want your room to walk around
and three something that you've done to
the environment has triggered them to
belie adjutant oh say for example when I
put in that fern that could've agitating
putting in the camera look of agitating
so I've removed it all and put
everything back to like it's you know
old status and Steve is still kind of
doing that thing so I just I've put it
down to Steve is just literally being a
dog scratching the door to try and get
out dave has never look at him in loves
he just loves running around it loves it
now you could say if I got him a big of
a variant it could run around a bunch
port even then even if I get like a the
variant this size and half of it on to
which is like the next size up and it's
still not going to be as much room as
I'm running outside thing but I think
he's got so used to just getting out and
running around and running around
running around like a badass that he
knows that when he scratches you can get
out like it's you know what is that
things that way they teach the teach
monkeys like if they press a button then
they can get food I have to do like a
certain task then they get rewarded for
it
so I've trained in basically so you
could say it's a good thing about
thing because he keeps scratching like
crazy but keeps kicking his water
everywhere he's salad everywhere you've
ruined your body salad Steve muscle
but anyway in tomorrow's vlog you're
going to see my granddad meeting Steve
so that should be pretty damn sweet so
I've got to go now and I've got to wrap
up today's vlog I'm sorry it was kind of
a short one because a little it's time
to break it
every time he climbed in and out lease
and everywhere it was a bit of a short
vlog simple because like you know I walk
up really because you've been out
drinking the night before then we go up
and then like the day was gone we had to
drive back so it's like a three-hour
drive returned and I was just exhausted
so thank you very much for watching I
hope you enjoyed my adventure with me in
my dad it was just something random and
like I got up to them like dad where
your knees like I'm in Casselton I'm
like what you run away again it is like
oh no I'm with Gayle so luckily he's not
on his own this time so right at Steve
put my wig so I'm going to the trap
attending my mum in a few minutes and I
will see you guys tomorrow
the next daily vlog at 6 p.m. UK time
sorry about this one being late I was
with my granddad so that's the reason
why this was played but yeah tomorrow
you'll see my granddad meet Steve for
the very first time ever mature up to
your faces and hurry off studs
