I'm going to assume why is it so soon
what one might look like year two
this place is way TV town and three is
that rub up so couple bathroom okay
dry he's like a fucking madman in there
did you have a good diet yes very good
the fact that you're awake right now I
thought you'd be at least 6 p.m. getting
out venison alright so how much alright
last night about four hours sleep I feel
fresh as a daisy it's probably cuz
you're fucking Wow
yeah go on this is the noise I'm up
there and all I can hear is this no do
you think he saw was dying in my house
is over but it takes me a full two
seconds after I woke up to realize it's
fucking shadow video no but I thought
you were doing the hamster noise
my name's Harry I'm a cute little
hamster I got a big dick you're very
balls might even tell you how to sir I'm
a little bit skinny yeah a little bit
short
I don't looking for a female so I could
shove my dick open our soul and in
between our ass cheeks it all over a
shit face yeah dig God that is a lot of
alcohol to recycle these guys drunk so
much I'm sober zayday's yeah doesn't
drink
i watch them play beer pong that was
about in recycle possibilities endless
are you ready for the sound of death cuz
this is gonna be allowed an early oh
that was a ring dinger in the end of
that ah would it be great to be able to
work go and get some food now you know
just drive off the drive and go and get
it but oh let me show you a problem can
park about 6 cars are on the back no you
can all get out or earn some twat pack
this at the end so you can't fucking
drive the bloody drive so fortunately I
can stalk in my own house until the
person comes back from wherever they are
to move the goddamn cat just straight
you do i I'm going playing college with
you there's no way you want
what round do your eyelid fuck yeah
how are you doing Thomas yeah just keep
out not very well that nothing but
silence nobody's here
their house is still messy so I've got
to clean up and get this Lance out
looking perfect because I've gotta sell
that other console or there but other
than that the first trial test of the
LAN setup was successful that said it is
pitch bucket I'm walking in the dark
right now that said and we all got up
this morning all like super tight as
anything but we all go up it was like
yeah let's play one off every mustard
and the servers have been down all damn
day so unfortunately the Lance ups there
but we couldn't use it and Mizar a chair
outside or is he doing what Oh what are
you doing what we turned to put your
house in you're doing parkour yeah
oh you didn't climb it over the wall
what put the lock on the gate where to
Ariza oh my god and I'm glad I even put
a shirt on for you today this are you
wearing a new shirt well this is bad new
shirt take even washer I in this shirt
that's that's how lazy I get any wet
start raining change its spitting okay
everybody in 16 pounds we paid for this
buffet and look at this all-you-can-eat
Parma ham oh my actual gosh Sunday roast
over there and desserts over there
that's got waffles in it yes I think I
think that that one beer you've had and
after that fight Scotty read me it
tastes like chocolate thank you very
much and it actually tastes quite nice
but the inside of its cold which is
weird
what's he having something so gammon
done is so good
exactly you get Yaman getting gamma
grandad yeah that's exactly and be
please take care of plates maybe hot
Brendon don't give up I'm gonna pick out
it's nice to see you in a syllabus
statement you were but you were nozzles
last time I saw you
nozzle for I'm so hungry I need this
assignment I what if I blow on it
never again I know yeah what's the
blowback never again never again so next
weekend gee this is definitely a good
lineup hood food my mouth see that looks
really good in there - looks really
plain but then again you look just wood
Oh kind of Wow trees
holy snap oh yeah I'm gonna go for one
of these bad boys fresh out live in
these bitches he's and then obviously do
what you got to do feel that mother
trucker we grew this is this is how you
know you're British and you felt brave
it but no you don't put gravy on Gavin
time for the good stuff
they have a waffle maker I'm pretty sure
I just do this like emoji as hell great
for this is probably also wrong you
ready I'm not even asking for
instructions
pour in it pour in that in there look at
that nailed it a dog shit drop what just
point down yeah yeah easy mode why don't
you turn it obviously I want it on that
whatever I would have had I would have
had a half burn waffle calc I can I feed
you a slice of cheese oh that's not
cheese I thought it was cheese like a
cheese pot okay no Gigi oh jeez I
thought it was like the old cheese that
rotted stuff and look fill and clothes
set the timer and turn in three minutes
the molted the my car zoom on taking
screenshots the margin waffle car so
depressing that I'm left with just one
thing gone I'm idiot well all that
stupid fool oh it's fuck me now
everywhere is excited to see me
yeah wait no just no yeah - lies
I'm making this one Mac man it's mine
you trash stealing my waffle as well you
tracks through my waffle if they're not
be oh yeah
yes no one wants your phone no one wants
your waffle all right let's see what it
tastes like
why would my waffle church like mince
pie oh it looks like a mince pie I think
I think that that one beer you had an
hour after that pie it's going to your
head me it tastes like chocolate thank
you very much
and it actually tastes quite nice but
the inside of it's cold which is weird I
cooked I cooked that current cake at
home how about you try it oh come on you
got to try it just a buy it
good cuz it's bread is just such an
awesome letter from Elliot first of all
he's got live shot make the most of it
and there's a picture of me and him that
I'm gonna sign and send back to him
don't picture by the way but let me feel
like this you look like his Twitter
Instagram and then we're vine is he just
put red that's well good yeah that
actually made me laugh out loud when I
first read it we'll get that signed a
few bro we'll send that back to you
right catch you later team C let calpro
chill at calculus alright yeah weird
dead weird parked my car over there it's
like rainy and look it's see like every
windows got water on it like that all
raindrops all over it well I went to my
car and you can see where the water
isn't and I looked any you can see from
here it looks like someone's wiped down
with the cloth from the outside like to
look into the car window I was gonna say
so it's the hotel but I don't see any
cameras looking over their book cars
fine nothing's damage to it so I don't
could be nothing could be anything but
weird
if you fall now mate I'm gonna feel bad
I don't know I think he lost his kefir
he's gay
whoa you're right almost above sea level
I'm not to talk Orin what is 78 yeah
well legend not that I think I did a
pretty damn sweet job yesterday I
creamed like a bunch of late last night
and then again I've cleaned it up in
here now so few little sticky bits on
the floor that I need to mop up like
there but other than that one gah
freshers new dishwashers on taking out
the trash
we are rockin and a-rollin boys oh I
better so I'll kick you back for the
night ladies and gentlemen so if you did
enjoyed today's vlog my granddad dude
hardcore parkour that make sure you
leave a like rating subscribe and I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. with the
next a vlog so thank you for watching
time to sleep for like 12,000 hours
straight and I will see you guys in the
next day adios
