good morning Eggland's oh it is now 9
o'clock in the morning I had no idea I
had to be awake at this time because I
forgot I was reading my dad this early
Poole the plan of action for today is me
my dad are going to a place where they
sell like winter gear climbing gear
mounting equipment stuff and we're
basically going at is like a huge sale
on so hopefully I come out with some
pretty good like stuff for winter
because it's called as fucking England
and Stephen if I find anything nice I'll
pick you something up okay
sound like a deal yes if me ordering
waffles and milkshakes at 3 o'clock in
the morning wasn't evidence that I
forgot about this I don't know it is
sketchy looking feeling they're going to
steal my kidneys instead where are we
doing boy whoa I left the aisle after
aisle after swag
give him his rosy around together stuff
ticket yeah right look at is that this
is a hole and a half in it we got a lot
of stuff we did we did good we did good
completely forgot the way we got the
invite it was like invite only today to
buy the gear is I forgot we got invite
always like friends and family so
everything's like on sale like eight
sent off 70% all that sort stuff like
crazy crazy deals but then on top of the
deals we just got 50% off as well so I
just bought four jackets a top two pairs
of gloves like one of the jackets alone
was 180 pounds because it was all on
deals and oh yeah we just get rid of it
oh hey enough about the parking I never
got fifty ten out so like I got all up
like under 50 quid alright the actual
big blue puffy jacket that I got the
dead comfy one that thing like it's
always like 350 quid but then it was
obviously like half by sunset and then
fix it up again so it was just like oh
my days yes you're normally we're back
at the cafe talking
thank you for the invite to the factory
thanks dad
this boom brofist yes you might think
he's a legend but this sugar that he's
left on me chair Amador
looks like he's cocaine everywhere what
have you done you've done the drugs in
Macau dad this is when he had them
American doughnuts that we had covered
in sugar could it the mesh you've made
is ridiculous
you're grounded oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
I don't know what that dance was about
but either way my new shoes have arrived
Oh thought oh just do it just I don't
know what oh yes yes the boy yes nice
and sleek brew is we're actually gonna
be my running shoes but because now I
don't need them I'm actually wearing
those you might not be in such a bad
person in my life yeah that's what I
thought can't get out of here you thug
the Ruby isn't really do you mind
yep
what do you think of the coal I got how
cozy is it what do you feel a long wait
you got a sticker wait talking about oh
yeah
lalalala baymax come baymax you're a
blue version baymax
that's stuck Telus you don't crack this
early in the model how cozy is it though
yeah that's up into a ball ball holy Sh
ugh other one I don't think I should I
don't even think I showed the audience
this check this out this is ruinous as
well nice jumper look puts the ground
through I looked at screwed up nice dead
cows dead thin thermal and then how much
resistant
should have been seven equip this empty
juice for 35 Wow 15 quid empty didn't
know it's a top Wow Wow
well to me oh wow
weather weather how did you get this
done dad can see it Daniel King shot
Center and you know the girl you
mentioned on the block
no way I am
did I not say this in the void oh my god
that's a seasick oh my god done done you
Dana don't you say the wrong thing every
time she says it's Dana
dear a way dear wait da why dinner yo
can we hook her up
that is sick wait that's why I came up
the idea in the Morgan it yeah I said
yeah you were talking about a heal and
reveal Cindy heat and reveal syndicate
mode yes Dana your legend this is why I
literally have the best viewers in the
world thank you for being fucking
awesome and I'm sorry for swearing but
you're frigging incredible Irish
Alice Kim Oh Gregg I'm old egg all right
what we decided is that for the 25 days
of Advent leading up to Christmas we're
gonna be given away a customized
syndicate posed at one every day and I'm
gonna try and draw Christmas things on
it so for this one and I'm gonna write
hashtag one it so you know what you want
drew some other stuff is going so if you
actually want win one guys make link
will be down description make sure you
follow syndicate original and tweet and
say Merry Christmas and they'll pick a
random winner every day so yeah make
sure you're following them and hit them
up and you'll get the worst drawings
ever I'm going to show you that one and
that set the rest are gonna be surprised
when you get it in the post tweet it so
everyone can see how bad it is what
we'll see how things go just so you guys
know these are full-on limited edition
I've signed them and they're officially
like numbered so this a good idea okay
I'm gonna run out of Christmas things
you draw I'll try that I think the next
I'm gonna try and draw is it is it ready
you could I hope it looks okay what to
22 out of 25 and I'm actually feeling so
Christmassy because when you're at
school like you know it was like the
last days of school going like none
uniform and you do like crispy see
things like terraria and all that sort
of stuff and I've done that sort of like
10 years so I'm well excited to be the
star stuff right now it's so sad but
it's just like it's so fucking awesome
fucking music isn't Christmas is it mom
mom shit have a tissue for your issue
and for the record I'm not getting 5
guys but I'm getting five guys for more
now it's because they're working at the
company they own the company so I'm
being a nice boss here in bad guys and
I'm with this legend right now and I
believe someone called Joseph is your
girlfriend's little brother yeah hello
to your face you were a shout out so I
was like you know what you can get one
so hello to your face if I ever convince
you in person I'll make sure I buy you
or five guys instead how's that well
what a pleasant trip to five guys that
was my card in Rahway by the way so
that's a great thing I say what a great
one is Ashton blind five guys the people
that are so cool the stuffs been nothing
but awesome to me and like the guys
hooked me up with a drink
I starts waiting I don't even order they
like it get a drink much weight I don't
like what and then like they hooked me
up with a free meal next time I want to
go in so I get fresh burger fries and
drink when I go in so massive shower
Oliver you're a top bloke thank you very
much for and if and what's also mad is
that five guys but like a staff catalog
of and known people but I like notable
people like go in their stores and I was
in one of the magazine's how great is
that so crazy but yo master Charles five
guys you guys are legends Oliver I tip
my hat to you sir actually had a hat
smell to do that impressive
could this smiley take care of five guys
goodies burgers they're amazed anywhere
medium fries large fries and look how
many extra cars are look at that look at
how many pies my mom mom mom look great
oh I know it's ridiculous mom it was at
this moment I was new what about my
heart with oh yeah shows right so
massive shout out first of all to Sammy
did amazing Johnny Jones you ready
Samuel Jones look at this Christmas card
if you order from today anyway not
choose anything from supervision that's
what I said
yeah in the wrist and oh yeah massive
massive shout out to some for these look
how amazing our look yeah Steve's on it
that is so good done amazing like well
impressed
thank you very much Sam your god damn
legend assign some I'll send that one
hello what's your name little Santa I've
got a nosebleed right now alright for
Christmas I really want Furby you mean
it really god oh my god you see what
insist
idiot oh you like do use me for my
signature look show me these a sign so
if your order an order from this point
on not only to get the chance to light
and to win posters or whatever I'm not
sad anymore I need to go outside these
if you order called in feature clothing
you get one of these in itself boom
however many tears how many of us born
is out Yi's fine
well whoa someone sent me a pop vinyl
but I've already got but they customized
it wait so is that an EM drop there Oh
Owen
Oh theme prizes just say it normally
understand you Helen price I was a
cooking had Oh in price this is sick
dude I'm assuming he's doing all this by
himself because that is absolutely
amazing but wait wait what these working
conditions have got to check this is one
of our storage rooms oh my god
this is stupid oh my god these caps oh I
need one to take my makeup 20 years on
oh my god when did these go on sale oh
oh oh no no yeah there's a reason I
don't eat sweets and that's because
they're really not good for you and my
tooth comes out when I eat sweets yep my
tooth successfully came out again if you
guys can say I oh shit how it is Jenny
mm-hmm uh-huh
yeah I had a root canal and
unfortunately I bit down on some sweets
and when a bit again I was like what the
foot why is it hard and I really like my
tooth came out so kind of put it back
here for sure it's as simple as this
wait okay you hear that click click back
in and I got like one of these
Oh disgusting and it's back in no way
disgusting right I feel like an old man
with it is false to FAR's out the sort
of thing but it's kind of like that
you supposed to put like glue underneath
it like tooth glue underneath it and it
sets like cement but I don't have any of
that so that ought to do
can you hear all that scratching Stephen
yet Steve oh yeah as soon as I come over
you stop doing it oh yeah yeah
can you stop scratching to the very
employees I'm trying to work I'm trying
to get the manga but it's already late
because you run out yesterday or today
even yeah deal
get down from there I appreciate that
thank God I'd appreciate that thank you
I literally sat back down literally
literally just sat down
yeah you know hey Stephen yeah I know
you want to come out but you keep got to
go
you can't just keep scratching oh now
he's head-butting all right Stephen I
see how this is you gonna stop it now
hmm you gonna stop this around hmm oh
yeah you know you're in trouble now
don't you you know you're in trouble
look you're even holding your hand
together that's how much trouble you
know you're in listen I've got to go out
Stephen that really hurts if you do know
if you jump off that you're gonna fall
you're gonna fall you good okay so I
decided to slide down instead what are
you doing okay this isn't achieving
anything in life Stephen your legs I
grabbed hold onto me
okay go shove off come on Oh fancy see
you whenever you do that don't turn if I
Tom MC
I got your great Christmas present wait
you need what y'all think is your no
Fame it for you way to be fine I'll fade
it for your own summer a ton
is that how gangs is saadat I'm in a
completely different location right now
and it won't make sense until you see
tomorrow's vlog I'm not going to tell
you what happened how it happened or
what the hell is going on until tomorrow
squawks Oh 6:00 p.m. tomorrow make sure
you tune in to work out what the hell I
am doing on the other side of the
goddamn country so thank you for
watching make sure you leave a like rate
and subscribe and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m.
make sure you follow me on to a things
again weird
