ah daddy are you excited because today
is the day because this vlog means the
day that the t-shirts came out uh
yesterday
I walk up to someone in my house what
are you doing here
hey the record I'm worried about two
shots yeah what'd you do
I'm donating my ball pop it to you so
you can sell it um remember put it on
Sunday
put it on balls fallen soldiers and
protect our country if you are if you're
in the armed force and you're watching
this video me personally I appreciate
everything that you've done to protect
tools in our country unless we forget
those who are forward oh it's gone ask a
thing nothing and we have a guess well I
did think you'd send up on my bike then
next right like you admit next Friday
Oh always record yeah better be
otherwise you not allowed to marry my
sister
new boy Oh ladies a German if you're
watching this vlog right now these are
the new designs that came out Civic
original calm Alastor eloquent tell us
what they are I'm curling a key because
I'm waiting to put on the new shirt
which is honest to god one of my
favorite designs of all time out to say
that right now the raw design I'm going
to open it oh baby look at this for a
new design how amazing is that looks so
damn good
Alice you did good kid you did good okay
as amazing as you guys are you do send
me some random ass shit and a massive
shout out to riding foster one on
Twitter who sent me a numbers and gift
and on the Amazon gift it says hey Tom
and family heard you
like oxide cubes especially the chicken
ones PS Karen a neighbor Alice you're
awesome you're awesome sauce from Ryan
that's awesome by the way and to show
you what I bought me a massive tub of
chicken oXXO cubes this is incredible
this is possibly one of the best fun
gifts I've ever been given in my life so
thank you very much and yes I did just
number one
however Cal over here looks absolutely
freaked out to the fuck that ie ox on
cubes and I bet in a 5 of that you won't
eat a full up so keep in his light is
down so you know you've got to eat the
whole lock so cube all at once for fiber
you down yeah let me know in the
comments if you do this for a fiver
all right Cal go for it let me see let
me see it ugh so cute
put it in ha ha ha it's all I doing this
disease out of beer go okay how do we
wait let me see it let me see it
though is it let me see ET is he who
used up the fiber that's disgusting I
always nibble it not all at once you
fucking Savage Alice I'm kind of feeling
Cal's not well after dark sungkyu the
okay I'm alright it's just not see very
well yeah is it gonna go straight
through no are you gonna pull yourself
was it worth of Ivor I told you I would
devalue number 5 is well Steven I would
have got it you're a crazy fucking idiot
yo up I would never eat that for fiber
to a quid you talking maybe I
yeah I never them before never do I it's
like this you need a little nibble orbit
nibble nibble nibble
I don't eat the whole fucking thing you
fucking done
dun dun dun dun alright
have a good ride wait he's back again
you missed us coming help yourself to a
beer that you fixed should the gate
should the guys do it I'm very well it's
cold out there
let's tell me bloody eat out the houses
gotcha pure - your life
Oh No dad dad dad dad I'm not killing
you it's been less than a day since
thieves been here accidentally left his
fucking cage door open and he's gone
I'm not joking you less than a day he's
out he's out
I've got finder all right he can't have
gone far I guarantee you he's close by
sort of thing all right he's not in here
he's not that let's just confirm he's
not in here right he's not in there he's
not the back he's a big lizard we will
find him Steve Steve Steve he's in the
corner where is he gone honest to god
can't see him I'm really worried right
now unless my dad's hit him I think my
dad might hit him no this is no way I
can't believe I've lost my lizard in
less than a day Steve about him I found
him found him
what where is buddy I need my toilet
what are you doing in here
come in me what are you doing oh you
know black as coal there's anything give
it a book it look at the gap that you
squeeze through in it you can't just do
this Steve little shit he escaped one
day one day I've had him and you fucking
run out this is not a good start Steven
you're grounded
oh my god at six o'clock at six o'clock
every minute one yeah
it's sick it's six o'clock no the
Pacific rosters are downstairs cheers
cheers Cheers
wait where we make them live you first
of all in yet yeah wait what
I thought the world by me filming was to
film fresh is important no he's awesome
that's it I'm there wait what are you
certain you wristband oh oh yeah swag
swag swag swag swag swag swag swag swag
swag swag oh go into the orders and tell
me the first person is I'm leaving job
must've shout out to Joseph Mason you
ordered the first-ever men's raw black
arete sure you got damn legs yeah
you're a homie my friend you're a homie
Alice can we throw into his order a
signed poster there you go hey no I mean
I saw your poster
Jason Jason Mason Joseph Joseph Jeff
Jason Mason hey I'm gonna sign you post
it now and we're gonna send it to you to
say thank you for be the first ones
water Joseph Mason you absolute legend
we'll be sending this to you ah is how
you drink alcohol if you're a biker
very well done Ken marry mother is well
stealing the idea of me with the t-rex
that's how I did it you just try to
drink your beer great alcoholics think
alike I must have inherited it often oh
it's got the moves he shares watch we
celebrate this is well impressive you
doing all right now little one your bids
dark as hell isn't it you have a bit of
a scare I think he got a bit spooked out
by everything that has happened today a
bit on floating glass and then he ran
off you're not gonna do that good ie
mate
Hey no more running off you're hard to
do that you're bad you you're grounded
it was me just Alice you're dead to me
you get ah that's what Alice looks like
that makeup you don't play she's over
bloah she's over I'm joking my sister's
beautiful
either way Stephen I think you need some
water and some lettuce in there because
it doesn't seem to be quite a lunch so
I'm going to go and hook you up we'll go
which should have little one which time
to find out whether or not this place
has got six Xbox one one terabyte
consoles fingers crossed this is what I
call squad goals right now I got six
controller kit six Xboxes and six
infinite warfare copies good job team
thank you for the help I'm so embedded
in this blog right now and the reason
why I'm saying this little like in
interruption piece is you see me
carrying six of the smallest boxes
whilst everyone's carrying the X boxes
in the background that's because they
picked it up and walked out the store
with the consoles before me so I
couldn't carry them so before everyone's
like why you make that woman carry the
heavy stuff she picked it up and walked
out with it whilst I was left with them
to carry so back to video before
everyone starts then I'm lazy this is
going to be the most dodgy looking game
so you've ever seen in your life but it
will do for now
so we're going to set it up hopefully
make it look good for now it's probably
just gonna be like four four five one
and one just there like simple as that
because going to give it tight close
quarter's two people sat there close to
each other game in there but it is what
it is for now I'm sure they can live
with it it will be fine
just look how mad this is where's my car
locked yes one sec this is just not a
nuts picture you're a stutter I
literally look like I've just robbed a
game store what the fuck this is just
the maddest view ever what the actual
fuck it's like one of them youtuber
thumbnails whether giving it all the way
like biggest giveaway ever but like I
said on swear I'm gonna be giving away
all the copies of Gears of War from
these cuz I need the land stop so I
can't get where the consoles or anything
like that
I can't I'm thinking could I give away
the infinite warfare discs no you need
this not to play that can't even so say
all we need is this the remastered
that's all we need so we got the
remastered we've got the consoles and
hopefully I've got no screens upstairs
but that is just a mob you jubilee
impressed with the size of the Xbox is
like the the Xbox one compared to that
is so much bigger and worried that the
fun on the tops gonna make a shitload
annoyed what oh I don't doubt it will go
it's true that balls peeling up that
fresh fresh off oh so we're going to
think of the way we're gonna do it is be
like screen console screen console
screen console so even like for the for
the steps on the end as well like
screens and got console can go there and
then comes cook good there and console
can go there so this is this might work
out man this might be pretty damn simple
this is my dad's like all dining-room
table for now so what I could
potentially do is just like drill holes
in it just like pot holes in it so the
wires are just like going everywhere so
am i might bring my dad oh yeah yeah
show mo much room it takes up don't show
the code but like what this this entire
box out of the box is just to hold good
one or look like to a piece of paper
look it up that's ridiculous
oh no I'm giving away six copies of
Gears of War on Xbox on Twitter so if
you want a chance to win one make sure
you're following going in description
I'm gonna do some like like random code
giveaway this mod set yeah make sure you
follow hey we've got we got some easy XP
member we got Tom MC with a fresh coat
easier
by the way if you haven't gathered bun
our clan name some explain easy XP and
why the fuck we call ourselves up
because it's easy experience so that is
literally our clan name easy XP that's
our climbing I know it's like a 12 year
olds number is no we can give it away
the codes are some fine all right if you
want to download a copy of Gears of War
right now on Xbox one get ready to
download the code pause the video
because I'm about to show it right now
are you ready three two one free copy of
Gears of War on Xbox one
go now we've improvised we're going to
drill a big hole through the middle here
like one two three four put in cables
through but for now because the table
separates
we're going to feed the wires through to
there because in the ground taha we got
four pockets here full pockets there and
sockets there as well we can probably do
the moving this table that way a bit I
think
and then there's actually ethnic ports
in here as well so we're absolutely set
to rock and fuckin rollin oh man what I
said this was gonna be a LAN so be like
yeah that's a great idea just never got
around to it so the fact that we're
doing it it's book and learnt we were
gonna do it Thomas right it does look
much much better
good call Thomas good call what is this
cable management back II sort tit Sam
yeah a proper fuck me so might as well
nicely HD Myers took to wake a power
cables tucked away you're gonna fucking
fast you are yes the boys area up that
way this has gotta go no I press this
council came with a goddamn scratch on
the front of it what's that about that
was behind the sticker as well so I was
wondering if it might have been listened
bait Ward we don't need this alright
fuck it
that smells so good though right no I
don't hate no you know I don't smoke in
your own babe Samuel why's that
what is that a snacks let's get these
bad boys straight wait is this even got
a thing you kidding no god dammit you
didn't set us up lads
hey don't get too comfy we've got to set
the whole thing go alright oh my god oh
my god what in the quale connected what
pause your download so mine goes quicker
we're all connected to the Wi-Fi right
now so it's probably going to suck
bollocks but because I'm after net ports
on the bottom we need to go get 6f in
our cables so like a gig let alone
install modern warfare in one
yeah let's let's go get let's go get
ethnic cables good sandwich prom
mayonnaise but who the fuck gets just
corned beef no mayo that's just a really
depressing sandwich go wait for my so
much to poke ship the whole point of
that was to wait for it to get to the
top of then catch it but it took so long
to pull up my camera that they are
somewhat ripped so yeah here at Tesco
Hattersley to find ourselves six
fasteners capers Tom where are they no
I'll please tell me they sell them I
think you will it's like the most common
thing people buy for computers oh yes
but without them oh that's a nice
looking controller just shadow I like oh
look at that
yes nice oh that's nice I like that a
lot but we've got the bike look at the
white ones anyway the thing is the
problem the white ones are just gonna
get filthy but none of us we got the
cables that's welcome all MC who needs a
shopping basket when you have you just
the greatest
what grabber I'll grab that what's with
these nasty yet it's salt you know what
don't fuck about that sandwich dead to
me rekt we came back
Sons is on 23% so let me go down to
Tom's digital tom is on 30% and you're
just going well slow however because we
all started at the exact same time
mine's finished ah mines doing the next
stage of the update rekt rekt success
may I'm already at the next day I'm
trying to test my internet connection
through the wire right now well for some
reason I'm not feeling too hopeful about
this shit to be honest I don't even know
if it's I talk if you know if it's
connected that's the problem I don't
want the wire from there to the box and
there is what Oh everything is good
there's no problems ye great success and
now it's time for me to be the first one
to install you don't attend attend and
down Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam what's
wrong Tom oh fuck that
imagine ah this disc is no longer
working oh what's this Ronald McDonald
played a clip what hello who the hell is
I
and now the boring part was stork
install on the game so mines on a
gigabyte out of 45 and now I'm setting
up the next console for the next person
you've known about past that yet I'm
still then put your wire is running
slower than me but plug wire is in don't
tell me that you're not line guys but
wait even oh yes fucking well in that
Sun oh yeah oh wow everything we
struggling to understand now is if we
install modern warfare remastered if I'm
signing on my accounts I've already got
it downloaded does that classes that
does he disappear off the disk that you
install with I drove it but then can it
not be installed by someone else like if
someone it's someone else buys that disk
off you does that also come with
remastered that's what I was thinking
you can all use download code once
where's the disk forking a sweet ass
alright so Tom's it download okay 30
megabytes per second is this is pretty
fast he's on your almost a gig so I must
go at least 4 gig by now however this
download is having a fucking fiasco so
choose some yeah somes pick the worst
console definitely this this is this is
still on this stage well if I'm like me
and tumble off alright so pretty much
done pretty much done getting there and
also getting there so then we gotta sell
this one and the one behind it so what
we'll do is we're going to pack up three
of the consoles and then they're going
to take them and install the updates and
stuff overnight so they're ready for
tomorrow teamwork it's to Xbox that
overnight stop they mean it's going to
my house for fuck's hey well it come
here is give me a cloud base nice baby
show and here he comes
the gates are opening and tasty is out
of here
oh oh you timed it wrong you're timed it
wrong Mario don't forget to fucking saw
like Amy
alright that's a bit of it I have
attempted to clean up the kitchen mess
from what my sister did
she she managed to bombard it as usual
I'm putting her champagne back in the
fridge and there we go
kitchen done for the night I'm gonna
turn off all the lights in the house
I'm gonna relax and all I'm going to do
is sit in this lounge hopefully find the
next episode of The Walking Dead if I
can't find that I am NOT watching
football I don't even know why that's
only my house but I'm gonna sit back and
watch movie for the night and relax but
hang on a minute I just found something
on my kitchen unit saying here a gift
from Angelle Jesse I don't know how you
say that name I'm so sorry I'm a NJ e ll
hey Thomas a cop in my new book sorry
it's not an audio book that's a bit
expensive to me thought you might enjoy
in a plain car rides love the vlogs and
Jessica take a Angie 93 well Angie 93
thank you very much for the book I
haven't read a book in ages or I like it
that really thank you very much pretty
sure I just said to you guys that all
the way to do is relax and do nothing
all night well yeah now I'm walking off
to the pub to go join my sister and Kyle
for a drink no I'm not gonna be out too
long no I'm not getting drunk I'm just
going to be in social instead so let's
do this
ah rally time I just got to the pub and
Carl has been drinking at my house since
3 o'clock look at his eyes here at that
cow
cheers girl your eyes all over the place
Kevin what you know what you've been on
cabbage with a wired time to see how the
low-level lighting is absolutely
terrible you can't see shit you don't
know who I am
her name's Jeff okay come is that so I
see all your fingers for fucking taxi
just tall posture yeah I go is it Abdul
no it's our soldier no God knows I'll
fight for it so that's not nice shops we
go on get out of here Oh
go get him good
there's it can't believe it's 3 o'clock
in the morning and this still hasn't
finished downloaded 30 megabytes per
second or 10 or 7 or 13 which is so fast
and this this is one console still
hasn't finished I need to get all these
consoles ready for tomorrow because it's
the UFC match and we're all committed to
my house and we're all going to play and
we've not even got one installed so yeah
I'm going to probably give this like
another 30 minutes hopefully get another
one on the go that way we've got one too
and some other one tamo level one and
that way at least we've got four
consoles I can with seaport of as being
it's more actually playing oh my god
what is that trying to say I've got 50
Meg get the fuck out of it praise the
Lord
it is finally four o'clock in the
morning and remastered has installed on
Tom's Xbox I then went into the cinema
watched right along to unpassed out for
the night so that's going to wrap up a
vlog today I will have to let you guys
doing tomorrow's vlog when I get our bed
to go and check whether or not all the
games have been stalled because I left
the rest overnight installing so I hope
that the lads come around tonight and we
can all play Modern Warfare remastered
for the first ever time in my Lance up
so that should be pretty sweet obviously
over time I'm going to grade it we're
gonna get like a building custom desk
that can house a the Xbox or Playstation
and at our PC in there so it's gonna get
pretty intense but unlike your obviously
better Chad's and stuff so 20 companies
you want to help hook up the the
basement let me know I'm already gonna
probably reaching out like dxracer Ray's
has already said they're gonna help us
swag it out and Xbox and they were
already going to help us swag it out as
well so they pretty much done that part
however I just want to bother them
because I was like I need the consoles
like today so there we go
much love gyros faces I hope you're
excited to see the progression of the
Lancer up and until tomorrow's vlog I'll
see you guys at 6 p.m. and as always I
love you guys faces like subscribing and
I'll Stoops
