needless to say I don't think I'm ready
to start today I'll have a cup of tea
I've had my breakfast we'll see how
things go as outside is cold as hell I
don't want to leave the house I don't
want to do anything apart from go
upstairs and play Carla Judi remastered
mmm we have an issue in steve's bavarian
the small and his camera for some reason
isn't working so I'm finding out what's
going on
Steven am I about to find out that you
broken that camera what if you done took
Steven you little shit
I I don't even know where to begin with
there's been a dragon you're just
wanting attention so damn bad aren't you
so I took out his phone and he must have
been my dad took out it oshiage poor son
alone he must have been that mud that
took the fur and out of his room that I
kicked over his security camera what
have you do not call you little
terrorist well I had Steven up by the
fireplace I was taking some QC photos of
him ended up falling asleep for two and
a half hours in front of this fireplace
I'm so dumb who is he tired right now
but hey look Suns going down look
beautiful I don't look well nicely done
oh that doesn't well nice do it kind of
talk alright it's in weird leaves fight
fight the blue and then it just hits a
red line in a bunk where you can see the
Lund are strange I should jet like
treating your dad
oh no no no counseling complete cash no
losers go on meanwhile he just laid out
in front of this fire give in to
temptation temptation proper schedule to
her thanks for saving Steve's life
finally yeah he was down here with me it
was like could've look by the fire with
me and then he run off whilst I fell
asleep and he went into like the cold
tile so he got really really cold really
fast which she's not good for bed dragon
my dad found him like pitch black I'm
gonna corner so he's alright he's a
mother there isn't he's my room is a
variant sleeping so alright I need to
edit this vlog for tomorrow's what yes
there's logs have sold out of it so
tight and then I wanna play ecology
are you oh yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm not
that one sticker walls growing I put the
DC stickers someone sent to me on the
wall I'm too sure what's going on with
that one I did walk in and after them
were people enough so I'm gonna have to
do something about that this morning so
once that video you ready for this
alright it's a game of truth or dare
where is it dad truth or dare
yeah oh no really
yeah you sure everybody's gently took my
hair in a totally primal way up with Oh
things you never wanna ask you - if you
would have said truth it would if he
would have said terrific said what
animal would you compare me to in the
sack a slob perfect
whoa this is what this is what I want
for sure what you did we going ah
let's move should be ah it's like
sitting in a cloud yeah that's what you
should be fine should be ready now so
let's go well y'all are is teacher
sermon oh my god this is asking fate you
yeah we go you have to wear a vest
underneath this but yeah probably skis
good walks me the hell is this a little
kid right
that's how cold it is today outside it's
freezing out here me I've been here for
20 minutes
no joke I have it I'll just go hell they
say calculus not your headache you turn
around bro
Oh Alice watch this in my hand
whoa yes all right dad found it online
bang on let's see how you look Oh oh my
god
me looking good don't want for Christmas
don't write me yo Christians presents
salted oh shit son blue Civic original
huh
Hey look at this insane looking logo got
for fun man I love it on that but let me
show you the inside
oh she lies tea shop make the most of it
and that what you call that the monogram
and the monogram on the back damn one of
these out hey sit for crip for crip soon
Chris Chris soon all right well when
I've got I was actual about say today
like I hate having forehead I have a cap
I can wear and the fact that I'd say
dope here we've got one do you like your
granddad yeah oh yeah look at the color
coordination as well I quite like what
said to get original all that top so the
conventional syndicate original so they
get original these oh so they can't
raise your where's your clothes yes why
dad took wears you said you can regional
jumper you don't wearing that regularly
well take it off you get out of here you
your thug and he's well to call it okay
Oh me roofs I see what the heck bought a
cat ADA
near the grapes either
soon as I fell asleep I haven't really
eaten much other completely missed my
opportunity to everyone so a good game
to the grapes have some food and
hopefully uh where's is in cooking
Tuesday I think he is but I'm actually
really really happy with this hat most
hats don't suit me I don't like them and
I know a lot of people like they don't
see that also you've got tiny ass head
and big ears but I had to really realize
this once I was gonna be pissed off that
cuz ah I was gonna be pissed off for the
fact that you know a lot of people
wanted the Hat so a lot of people get
them cuz they like them and you know
they actually genuinely want them but
it's like our weather clothing because I
love the clothing and you know I want to
wear it sort of thing and I didn't want
to release a hat and then not want to
wear X I didn't like it I didn't suit me
but because it suits me I'm like fuck
yes oh that's that's a that's a word now
that is what you call favoritism this is
supposed to be just bread and prawns but
I asked some Parma ham when I haven't
got it
so you'd be jealous you could jealous
this is called vlogging by the way I
started to blind you the light and I was
gay factus never good night Alice thank
you for the heart
Debbie had a great night this is what
vlogging is amazing amazing eating a Ken
why was that Wow
yeah oh say hellos weapony hiya buddy
gosh my see it hi Evan it's alright he's
still gonna beat me up no I'm not oh you
can fuck off by the way this is this is
Carl's mum by the way hi I've never
introduced you this is Kyle's mom Debbie
she's an absolute legend and this is
Carl what do we think a car ticket oh
shit I regret I feel like I should say
it's not what it looks like since I've
got a camera charging down here a light
pointing at my bed I just decided this
is the best room for me to be able to
sit chill and do my little videos that I
want to do too because I'm about to whip
out the brand-new ring light and get rid
of this bag of wank but yeah this might
start being like my filming like
vlogging room even though it's a bedroom
it also doubles up as a hey guys
syndicate here and that's fucking right
that's where my vlog ended I ended up
making a video for my main channel
yesterday for a forward slash syndicate
project also known as forward slash
syndicate and the video that I made was
talking about how my main channel why
everytime I upload
channel I lose subscribers it's really
really weird because this vlogging
channel I upload every single day and
I've always gain subscribers it's like
everything's cool it's fine with us like
you guys in Channel legends there's no
issues whatsoever but my main channel
that things I'll potato mode is anything
now I'm watching my dad do something
which is why I'm suspiciously looking
this way I don't know what it is he's
doing also as to why the hearts
backwards I have no idea but I'm gonna
go find out what my dad's doing and
you'll have to find out what it is in
tomorrow's vlog so make sure you
subscribe to get notified when I post
new video actually be like great I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for next
day everyone so until then it was
