ooh we're starting today nice and early
there's a package at the door fingers
crossed it is what I think it is okay
interesting I wasn't quite expecting
this but somebody sent me flowers
what oh I thought that was coming dinner
would you - dad dad dad tell you what
dad go fuck yourself
what a father-son bond we have together
is it here yet is it here yet is it here
yet
is it here yet I need this fucking phone
this is not a drill
this is not a drill I just checked the
trucking on my phone to see where it is
and it says the driver is on the next
three over and I'm 15 minutes away from
getting a new phone so fingers crossed
it is actually an apple iphone 7 plus
and not like when I'm dodgy ones where
it's like you're totally get an iPhone 7
plus it's actually a three and a four I
need to get me to make seven so yeah
that actually happens by the way Google
it oh that's my package right there oh
my god is this today sister day is it
today I'm actually this exciting
something waiting for this phone for
like oh the day it came out do you have
a package for me moment of truth moment
of truth moment of truth it's just gonna
be what we hope it is is this gonna be
what we hope it is ladies and gentlemen
introducing and inside said bag is it's
an iPhone that's for sure it doesn't say
a ploy he said iPhone there iPhone and
on the back it says iPhone 7 plus
jet-black 256 gigabytes okay oh my gays
genuinely way too excited to get this
phone I've been wanting it for so damn
long now okay obviously since the day
came I sold out everywhere and even from
Apple and other stores it's sold out so
like the 25th is my mother but I managed
to get it now oh my gosh that's a much
bigger oh my god it's freezing cold look
at that look at the heat print up comes
off it wow that is cold but there we
have it
my brand new iPhone 7 plus
okay this is gonna get fingerprints on
it for days oh my gosh
look how shiny it is look look dead
clean fingerprints
oh man that's gonna be a pain in the ass
and definitely have to get a case for it
hopefully there's a Mophie out for it by
now which is that one of them charging
cases for it that's what I like to use
the most so obviously we have charging
cable power socket headphones typical
shit nowadays okay where's the where's
the adapter does it not come with a
headphone adapter because right now your
headphones tell me you don't have to buy
that separately unless it comes in here
which oh it does man it's on the back
hello to the dongle of your dreams or
nightmares glad you have to have that
attached every time you listen to music
yeah how cool is that it that's that's
just condensation from the room well
just disappear oh man we got the new one
double camera on the back beautiful big
it's big it is big hold it in your hand
it's not heavy but it's just she's big
this phone is now gonna die I'm gonna
stop filming with this and it all works
together and transfer it to this phone
because I need to put the SIM card from
this into that so this phone it's been a
pleasure
goodbye okay ladies you know this is
gonna be the first-ever clip recorded on
my iPhone 7 plus it's still a potato
it's not a g7 X it's not an incredible
camera but I'm hoping that the slight
details of lighting and especially low
lighting seeing as though it's getting
wintertime are gonna be much much better
so yeah let's hope this goes a bit more
smoothly and yes introducing the back
camera which on this screen looks
absolutely incredible I am actually only
zooming in Rasika it just feel a bit
wonky when you zoom it feels like it it
like Strategos it was because it's like
you press the buttons like that for like
instant zoom like I couldn't dramatic
what is that
bull like when you like hold it like
that just like an optical white weird
zoom in thing but look I can prop a
fucking put yalc√≥n well zoom in on
neighbors as well I can ninja phone this
thing there we have it new iPhone
acquired I'm probably gonna lose it
smash it I'll drop it within the third
the first day aware but I'm gonna try
and compare the two
it's difficult to film it compare the
two except donating other videos but
like of how far how wide angle is
because this one for sure feels more
wide angle on the front-facing camera
which is good for me so I don't have to
kind of like hold it as dead-dead far
away but I do hold it that far away then
like you can see my arm which on the
other iPhone you really couldn't sell oh
we got it
everyone get in the comments like why
don't you just get fucking something
it's just like trust me I used I use
iMessage and FaceTime way too much to be
able to swap on an iPhone because all my
family's got I phone so success the
iPhone came with stickers there for neat
going add one to the sticker wall and it
shouldn't go there setting up my new
iPhone the thought was a genius adding
all my emails to it little did I know
that my YouTube email had 1 million
emails no Joe look on to a 1 million
emails so now the little email
notification symbol says 1 billion
155,000 well look at the coil here
you've either like Tov it's really not
that different
honest to god even if it's a miller pic
so different it makes a difference to me
so the wide-angle lens looks good I
can't wait to film a night to see what
the low-light and it looks like but I am
very happy now me my dad to go into a
place called housing units to one
sneekly look at Christmas decorations
and to most importantly try and find a
unit for like to put all my electrical
stuff in underneath my TV because for
three years of owning the house it's
just been they there this phone is going
to get scratched to shit
I don't know how protective it is but I
think it's gonna get absolutely ruined
if I don't podcast on it soon because
it's the the jet black one like the
piano block I think so it's gonna get
scratched Oh me that was pretty cool
I can now one-handed zoom with my iPhone
which is kind of weird to be honest I
wish I could double tap the screen and
it would flick but yeah this is a like a
new weird thing you've introduced cool
hey Dad what do you think about your
phone can screw up huh might be
honorable cows crop only fucking God you
already over there I'm freezing cool
always complain I dive dual climate
control go fuck yourself cannon go fuck
yourself me and do we go fuck yourself
Ken oh you say anything bad about my
pair again I'm gonna love you
it needs a wash gone it's filthy cool I
told you watch this fucking space light
I will I will
oh so you mean your face with my new
megapixel camera I know why you brought
me a Santa's grotto
you brought me to see Santa can oh my
god reindeer there's Brady's we're
looking at oh look at that press it go
on go on can't press it press it going
I'll tell you something they're more
after a press they'll tell you something
what it's terrify my god it's terrifying
nice that is absolutely enough nightmare
fuel for me never again
what is this this is from the future
it's killing it I projected welcome
check out our website regular what you
move your app today follow your notes
happening that is pretty cool he follows
you you can also follow us on my guys
eyes do follow units all that's well
keeping the future is here
Donna want 101 them that oh no that is
anger
that's disgusting that's disgusting but
this sofa oh my god is it velvet this
are suede oh it's like getting heaven
you seen on that sort of one that's
that's the style for that room cuz it's
grey in it I like gray I don't know what
it is just I'm not called a blinder
anything like that but you know it's not
too in-your-face it matches the room
much as the cafe is ruined to store
stuff nope up in that five thousand
hundred and seventy five pound or no
it's a bar unit oh okay okay
understandable unjust well still not
understandable yeah I story what's in
the bottom of it is he got like is it
like vodka holders in the side doesn't
Matt I'm coming investigating like
doesn't not have optics in the side
cameras 5,000 175 quit it's just a
cupboard with shelves bow my ass yes
Curtis wind up now you having fun
shopping for curtains um this is what
two years old and you're still looking
fins well I've listened about Phil 61
and our ancestors your 61 in a lot of
you dish me how do you feel that still
shopping for good don't try dissing me
hey man I love you really set these on
scribe what it's a tune I was 16 yeah oh
you've got DC's on oh no this is proudly
I did I feel working feels right please
I'm noticing on hey what are you doing
now you're just trying to dress like me
you assured the D season I've got
something original top on to me no no
yeah and it's all no way I'm not what
you were think I'm not in univille but a
bad father I used to trust you my dad
have just spent the last 20 minutes here
being like this is the cut cut Carrigan
curtain that we won can we get in this
side she's like yeah absolutely fine
then I realized that that's not the
right curve for the right place so I've
decided on doing that I'm picking now is
a blackout curtain for my bedroom to
make it look nice and homey and cute and
the one I've decided on is this do I
look like a midget middle aged man
having a midlife crisis because I better
do because that's what I've picked trees
and leaves plate and we're looking
forward to it be night time I get to
test the camera out dad you just can't
put food here like this and I expect me
to get something bonbons ritual and
looks with your riffles up there okay
I'll put them on way to put a business
out this is dad it good that kid you
know what should I buy oculi surrendered
oh yeah that's the wrong one let's catch
the men today can we buy back a DS for
Brenda are you mad
basically we're buying a pack of these
for goodness Ramallah for me you'll be a
happy little man I have the task of
picking myself a nice chandelier to go
in my dining room and I don't know where
to begin
Oh what I'm looking for this is why I
need to marry someone immediately so
they can make these decisions for me
when I laugh it's nearly dark already
toys are three quarter quarter well our
three quads forgiving 15 minutes care
wait to Kemp your breathe your breath
test Oh breast wait can I sit on the
camera what can see it Wow so Nietzsche
till next time peace I often forget that
people look on my Twitter to find where
I am because Ellie's over here founders
as I'm walking look at my dad just wants
an excuse to be in the goddamn vlog so I
took a photo with some her over there
tweeted it and Alice lives around the
corner who broke his leg broke I don't
get the first Wow is it feasible he's
okay I'm done with you you know what you
people fucking we could drive on
yourself you drive over yourself girls
my car
you got cannot care I don't love you
anymore all right yeah are you going out
are you just coming back dude in the
cabin nobody nobody it's getting dark
outside and so far the lighting on this
camera got any phone cut your new mobile
look at your face I like it yeah we're
eating today
so yeah looking skinny oh right well
there you go he's I've loads of eyes
he's twisting my arm to have a pie it's
frozen no mother to frozen pie put it
over you always party off baby me going
pound bakery dragon hi I'm grace hey
town bakery knocking nice drinks all
right so all you have to do for vlogging
right is hold the camera like that hold
it and then aim it at yourself
hold it you know hold on cause you're
covering the ones till I get around hold
it on that on this side with that one
and there you go so look into the camera
that is it TC yourself yes and then you
say look the camera not vlogging close
to me Edgar and that's dinner actually
look to a nice chicken baked in gravy
for half an hour oh oh I still got to
try and make that salt pepper chicken me
there's I cannot be asked doing it
tonight oh I think I'm gonna give it a
go oh that does look good look at that
great Oh crispy chicken oh yo chicken
outdone yourself mate you have to teach
me one day okie dokie Jones I am I'm in
low light right now I'm getting excited
to be filming at that in dark um so this
is as dark as it gets and yeah not to
like overly bright don't get me wrong
but even when I turn on a light like
this it wouldn't usually brighten me up
the entire way but this is looking
really good so well excited for
up until to go home and make the not
leave my brake on oh shit
I did a quick hey Suri how to make
sambar for chicken pieces and she told
me what to get so I'm going by an Epson
chilli some more chilies and then where
else is it ginger wah wah wah that's
some pretty poor parking by the police
over there what does the cart someone
shoplifting either way I got I think
everything I need for this recipe
green chillies red chillies garlic knob
I mean garlic clover I managed engine of
Mato know that the small child is not
part of the ingredients it just ran in
front of me like a fucking idiot
taking care of yesterday's vlog made
sure that go up on time it was a four
minutes late because my thumbnail for
some reason would not upload but I'm
gonna try and put the iPhone into this
case right now and I'm gonna quickly
read up on how to make some pepper
chicken pieces so let's hope this course
successfully knew there was an
ingredient I was missing and that
ingredient in fact is onion so we're
gonna do right now is rather than doing
this half-ass
we're gonna go quickly get an onion from
the shop before it goes too late and it
closes it's only like 6 o'clock now so
quickly gonna go get it on you come back
chop that motherfucker up and then
hopefully get on with making this and I
may actually concentrate on cooking
rather than filming but just let me do
it self always right to successfully
cook sort of chicken pieces correctly
one thing I've realized and no that's
gonna happen my phone's gonna fall on my
pocket and smash into pieces I can it's
so fuckin slippery it's unreal this
place but of fucking onions in and out
in seconds with one less onion and it's
called a letter onion because I'm um
because onions a French ok when you an
onion okay so
onion chilli chilli garlic
I mean ginger garlic don't think
anything else yeah chicken
where's my chicken is it in here it
should be in here
are you defrosted it is defrost and let
me show you how much of a professional
chef I am I've got it all laid out I've
got a chopped chicken put it in there
salt pepper it then I've gotta get oil
on here like with all the ingredients
mixed up in it like just sizzling away
on a medium heat you should probably
know what here should be well there is
one of professional screw all up I got
the towel attached to the pan so just
say I know what I'm doing I think oh my
gosh I forgot what is like cut onions my
god my eyes are my eyes are on fire but
Kota unions up chickens ready unions
onions up mina dice the chilies in with
it the garlic everything like our and
the ginger ginger go over no ginger
needs to bid it but nonetheless my eyes
are on fire I feel like a professional
because I just watched God and Ramsay do
a video with his daughter about Sunday
roast some other and how to chop onions
and my veg and stuff like that so I'm
doing a pretty terrible job to be quite
fair not saying that a goddamn rums is
bad or anything but I'm using a knife
with way too many onions so right now
I'm just I'm going to show you how bad
I'm doing I'm just chip chopping away at
these are goods that oh my god the more
I cook the more might I'm just like I
just like stuck dicing into - now by
this is the worst way to Dibble listen I
saw Gordon Ramsay's dart do it it'll
really held them all together and then
just crush them like this and to be fair
this motherfuckers are looking mighty
fine and diced and then you can scoop it
all together and then dice it again my
heart here's something these garlic
pieces do I've take some skinny you
might be like what there's the clean one
that I've absolutely cleaned out looking
like all nice and fresh and ready to
cook and there's one before this was
like before and after you have to peel
the bastard well far back it's
ridiculous I would totally buy into this
chili and see if I could survive well
after I did the ghost pepper chili oh
shit they all went everywhere I'm never
buying into a chili purposefully ever
again okay add a bit of a cock-up I
accidentally pour in the chicken into
the oil before buttering it which made
not all like you know put it in convoy
which made no sense
this however like the garlic the the
ginger the peppers the onions all
looking good I did put it on a little
bit too early the onions so some of them
burnt but look I had some more so that
I'll mix together and it's getting some
this like gooey just like
low-temperature sauce which I cannot
wait to mix up now I've got cook these
for 10 minutes so they cook properly in
oil and you can see the con file is just
eating all the olives so I need even
more oil on this get them all crispy
brown and throw them into that look how
nice and brown they're looking oh my
gosh this is coming out just how I want
it I'm worried that these might get a
little burnt now so - the temperature
down on that just a little bit
it is pretty badly Brown at the moment
it's just because I put it in way too
early this should have gone in whilst
that was cooking like that
but I just made the mistake so look how
burn the onions are but all the flavor
will be inside that sauce so I'm doing
is I'm soaking the chicken pieces into
the freshly made basically batter
I realized or an onion down swimming
have to go back to shop just to buy one
onion again but like I'm really not
happy like the chicken looks great it
looks absolutely put like that looks
like what I would buy from the actual
Chinese and it smells just like it but I
don't like the fact that that one use a
bird so I feel like I may have killed
too much of the taste and flavor like
say if that chicken was ready on the
last minute then I could throw it and
cook the onions garlic and all the
peppers around at the same time which is
what I think I'm supposed to do instead
I threw them on like I threw the peppers
and all that and the onions like before
I even started cooking the chickens I
just mean no goddamn sense so we look at
look at the mess but the bomb site upon
review are definitely one overcooked
them and two lost too much damn flavor
in this like the very very crispy ha but
they didn't peel like nicely but it's
listen but to crunchy that's not what we
want
I'm wondering that the burnt taste of
like the onions and the veg in store for
that has affected the overall taste of
this because yeah it does taste nice and
it there is a lot of flavor like don't
get me wrong but it's not quite the
Chinese flavor I'm after so I think we
need to go again no I'm saying that food
tastes really good no way too spicy holy
shit my mouth is on fire I'm gonna
quickly run to the shop get myself
another onion and try this one again I'm
gonna like cut out probably because I'm
gonna probably because I did two of each
pepper I'm gonna do one of each pepper
this time right and then the the ginger
I'm going to tone that down masterful
that was way way excuse me way to spice
it was not fun of it so it did taste
good like said flavor us but just to
spice it to me Newton does a familiar
site isn't it I knew I should have
bought a pack of onions who just buys
water you
idiot simple because I don't like the
look of my other chickens I'm going to
tweak so many ones
okay I think I've done it look at that
oh boy look perfectly cooked like
perfectly perfectly cooked
okay didn't not to burn two onions and
all that you might like it's a little
bit Brown just because at the end I
didn't I wanted to make sure the chicken
was caught this time the chickens not
too dark because it's not overcook the
chicken or anything like that and it's
not as battery this time which last time
it's too crispy so I'm gonna try PC you
ready a pop oh my god it's perfect
that's exactly why I wanted to eat
myself right now
that took trial and error twice but you
know what that came out exactly exactly
how I did it it smells so good
so that yesterday I was throwing myself
cooking a ramen soup noodle sandwich and
today I'm here cooking a full-on like
like I want to say dish it kind of is
that it is a dish salt and pepper
chicken pieces and it came out like
absolutely incredible like cooked
perfectly
super crispy it could be a bit more bad
but because I'm frying the chicken why
it looks like that rather than looking
like you know when I go to the actual
Chinese restaurant it's all that gooey
and it nice because that just like saps
in all the flavor and stuff art so I
might invest in getting a fat fryer or
deep fryer where ever it's called
get one of them and then see if we can
make it either way but that is honestly
if you have to give myself a rate note
to be fair okay let me go there if I had
to give myself a rate in our town for
this a Tom rating would be a name but
I'm gonna give myself a 7 remember like
oh well that's pretty still pretty high
but like it's cooked really well
well that's hot like not spicy like it's
hot as in warm it's cooked perfectly it
tastes really good but I want it to
absorb more flavor and want more flavor
in there at the same time I'm thinking
about this and it's like this is really
nice but in Chinese food and stuff they
put like a lot of MSG's if I'm right in
saying so have something tell me in the
comments so that makes it like that
addictive like you take a bite and then
you eat another back and then you just
want more and more well it's this kind
of doesn't
that to the point where I'd almost give
myself a six so now I've had to be very
honest argue about six point five or a
seven dollar thing but you know what I'm
really proud of the I of myself for
doing it twice that cooked it first time
wasn't happy with it threw it away
cooked again spawn but flavor needs more
of it night time filming test no idea if
it's any better than usual but I'm
hoping it is hopefully is by the way not
hopefully apparently this is waterproof
I'm tempted to test it and bite by
putting it in the bath but at the same
time I don't risk breaking it get the
bed my lighting room has started to
begin to come something what is this my
dad moved his desk from the corner and
put this here oh my god I feel like I
could put like a poker table in here or
something like this would be the
ultimate lads like a basement there's a
bar there's a fucking like football
table there's like a secret cinema door
around there there's a pool and then I
could have a poker table in it I think
when I'm tables that doubles uppers are
like a poker table than a normal table
but this is going to be my landing room
with like six computers Xboxes and
Playstations in it that's so cool
damn this video took a long time to edit
I tweet out at like 12:00 that the video
would be out soon and it's now 3:00
o'clock them on it so I'm gonna edit a
I'm gonna post it live on YouTube if you
guys didn't see this then it's on my
main channel just go to youtube.com
folks I've syndicate and you'll find my
Modern Warfare remastered 40 more months
- this is actually really good one I
really like this one at first I wasn't
too happy with it so like ditched half
the clips and then film the next row two
days and well worth it so much much
better video really happy with this ah
okay
unfortunately totally forgot to make my
bed therefore I can't bother doing it
right now
turning all the lights off should have a
bedroom door heading into the spare
bedroom for the night
I say spare bedroom I have 4 bedrooms in
this house and tonight we're sleeping in
this one wait is this the work did the
daughter
to detect actor dirt order I don't know
how this turns song but nonetheless we
have a television now lights off lights
on - I've got to end the video so thank
you very much watching today's like I
hope you'd enjoy if did make sure they'd
like writing tomorrow if you're
interesting to see how the whole vlog is
in iPhone se 7 plus quality so we'll see
how it is
you guys probably can't even tell the
difference I don't even know if I tell
the difference so I'm just like I think
I kinda hope I can whatever I can but
nonetheless I'm you wrapping up today's
vlog so drop that like rate subscribe
and I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m.
for the next day of WOD and if you're
wondering why I'm exhausted then I'll
just finish my workout so I'm just rekt
so I'll catch you guys later
adios
