yes so I'm starting today listening to
50 cent candy shop the most sexual song
I ever listened to my childhood and had
no idea what they were talking about at
the time this morning I had the pleasure
of not being woken up by my sister today
I woken up by the mailman and in the UK
we call it postman sorry from my own my
British fellows that I'm abandon you
with my American saints but nonetheless
it's a package from razor what's in it
oh no it's my now and we have I'm not
too sure do I forgot second I'm not too
sure what we have just yet what is this
what is this wait what wait crack and
pro-v tubes I don't think I ever asked
for these but sure I'll take them you
just simply cannot not raise it for the
packaging it's just so much quality even
though you don't keep it forever it's
just so much quality but man these are
looking nice I'm gonna try them out and
see how they feel okay very comfy very
lightweight like very lightweight you
can aptly feel them on your head at all
they don't pinch too much which the
Kraken lively ones I wasn't too keen on
because they pinched your head these
ones actually don't lie they kind of
spread comfortable which is pretty cool
but that that's all good and well and
being comfy but we need to do a sound
test so I'll put them in light every
whim a sound test first of all I think
okay where my razor stickers out they
usually come haha
raise the stickers now let's go on add
this to the collection welcome to my
wall of razor stickers with every razor
product I get a razor sticker and I slap
one onto this wall so let's put it on
the green side there we go
another razor product to the collection
ooh oh look at out my night remember
that sure I did that one time yes
alright oh my god kicking back with a
bowl of cocoa puffs and this song comes
on this I don't even know what it is Tom
added it to my house playlist and it's
so good Abbey is incredible if someone
knows what that is please look in the
comments down below
you just have not done so good
okie-dokie Jones is a little bit late
I'm pretty sure that is love using like
we just walk in here I'm pretty sure the
Chinese is closed some really white salt
pepper chicken so we're going to attempt
to make some more it is called in this
car my my windshield is totally frosted
over to the point where I can't I can't
even draw a penis in it I don't know if
you can see that ball you can see my
breath all right now let's hold this
actually actually actually actually
isn't ice it'll come off with a wipe oh
oh that's that's definitely that's
definitely ice shit look looks like what
looks looks like we're stuck in a car
waiting for it to defrost
janeshia didn't realize it was that cool
okay yeah it truly is that cold blood
yell there is a thick layer of ice in
there it's that cool we're gonna need
some hot water now no I'm not gonna get
boiling water because apparently that
can possibly crack your windscreen and
my music start off one beer pong cup
will do and some hot water please is
that hot yeah that's nice and one that
should do the trick
okie dokie Jones let's hopefully not
break winds get healed and this is where
it all goes wrong and who would yeah
whoa fucking my car turn into a
transformer and attacked me look at that
perfect get myself I've got my
windscreen wipers or not a mic so when
it detected the water they started
attacking the windscreen not gonna lie
genuinely shit myself though okay how I
see you oh my god very icy all right you
ready for this you ready look at that
look at steam coming off that that's how
cold it is scoop
problemo shoved uh okay she's a beast
she likes she's wet herself but she's a
beast would you look at that like her I
can see right through it now let's give
it a little bit of a more of a Oh witty
wipe and we should be ready to rock and
roll
oh sure that's called it is currently
zero degrees outside and I'm wearing
jogging bottoms syndicate t-shirt and my
hoodie you can't even see shit too dark
and this so I'm appropriately addressed
to go and get what we need far as I
recall recall turn off he is you're too
hot right now I've got my bookworm run
that's good we'll check as far as I
remember I just need chicken breast or
two chicken breast cause I want a lot of
it sold out the chicken pieces no that's
what I'm gonna make not one I'm gonna
buy fuck that would be converted to say
the least
chicken salt pepper garlic chilies and
garlic does say garlic I don't know if I
did what we're gonna try and get all of
the above and make what we need
well that's not right this test goes
supposed to be 24 hours open it what
we're open Monday 6 a.m. to midnight
what I thought this was a 24-hour Tesco
well shit that just ruined our plans um
let's go and find out if as does 24
hours because another nah I ain't
getting so five chicken pieces tonight
I'm so confused as to what's going on I
thought they were all 24 hours this
one's closed as well what I'm pretty
sure it's Monday right because I've been
convinced that living around my ear my
entire life these stores were 24 hours
and the fact that the knot is very
disappointing me now I do know for a
fact that I have a chicken breast in my
cupboard open in my cupboard in my
freezer at home but I don't think I can
defrost it that fast I don't put it in
the microwave or anything like that to
defrost it so I really I really don't
know what we're gonna do this is
disappointment at its finest right hours
and gentlemen all the bloody phone I
just run the Tesco because I googled it
and it said they were open 24 hours like
she'd may you know open up just been up
there anyway we used to be a 24 hours
store as of yesterday and from this
point on we're not so what I'm gonna do
with a ruin sleep schedule and no stores
open 24/7 I don't know
I'm gonna have to solve my sleep
schedule okay this is not this is this
was never part of the fucking plan beat
away let's move the ice cream out the
way it won't here
I do actually have okay it says 20th of
March for frozen so this should be good
because the fridge has never turned off
so these are frozen will keep
refrigerated between all right yeah cool
so welcome home freezing how do we go
about cooking this or get defrosting it
thoroughly for a minimum of 12 hours off
damn it
no salt pepper chicken I don't think
however we're not going to cancel this
plan we leave this on the side will
defrost the chicken and we can eat it on
a different day I hope that looks okay
it's just frozen chicken so I don't I
don't see what the bad thing is about if
anyone in the comments can tell me any
reason not to eat this please god damn
tell me I know is their 28th of March
but it's been frozen since then so yeah
I think we'll be okay no salmonella plus
my actual freezer I've got chicken tikka
masala beef Shin hadn't even Rosemere
potatoes wine sauce with leeks you've
seen all this before
mostly I got a bag booze a bag of a bag
arrives and all sinners got one oh my
god and bless these special recipe pods
spuds even well that's a no and then
again in the fridge no there's no food
other than a chocolate bar three sauces
and that's that you could say make
yourself another sandwich but I'm pretty
sure my bread went off yesterday so we
could always resort to this but I really
don't want to to be on I think a set of
noodles it is again I'm pretty sure this
is the original dancing song that I like
not the remix the one that I was playing
but still great music to cook this with
obviously I can't play it the entire way
because copyrights so unless as I can
get permission to use this on if the
creator of this song can give me
permission to use it my vlogs I'd really
appreciate that thank you i if you're
watching this vlog over the past few
days map like Tom you have a kitchen
like this like two woman's kitchen all
that sort of shit to be making really
good food and I survive up the most
rubbish food ever so I am genuinely
tented start taking cooking classes even
though I like sound up tournament sir
you know we're like it send you the food
and then it has all the instructions for
you to cook it so we could do that
together it could be like a fun
adventure puss when I when I last did
loads of filming and streaming with me
actual cooking food you guys loved it so
we're gonna make today a super little
savage yeah for this tutorial you will
need the following instruments one pan
and one for clean brilliance you will
need two slices of bread one package of
supernal sauce and the noodles
themselves we obtain the noodles and
place them into the boiling water for
approximately zu 2 minutes I mean I'm in
3 I mean I meant 3 minutes this is now
the stage that confuses a lot of people
who watch me make super noodles but
basically I don't pour the sauce packet
in with the water I do this and you're
probably judging for it but just before
you think Nighy it raw like not so cube
no no no that's just that's just weird I
hope you guys are liking this
presentation because I'm actually using
a tripod of my iPhone to be professional
yeah that that's how far I go for you
guys ok take it off the time we pour the
noodles through a strainer so I throw
the weapons out of it but then get a
bowl off it's still a little bit of
moisture on the noodles tip them out
then once you get in that stage in the
bowl not soaking wet through we then
open the packet and sprinkle it evenly
across the top like that well that's my
my attempt to do to even look up with
you that smell then let me move my
camera angle down I got a broke it and
then we mix it like that from below cuz
it's still moist you can still get the
sauce everywhere like that look at that
but effect commander Perfector now for
the final step we've mixed we've mixed
the noodles and the sauce packet
together a lot so the not-dead salt wet
through saw the bread that would put it
on doesn't go dead soggy sort of like
this nice nice and tasty nice and tasty
all right let me simply be one piece of
bread you could put butter on it butter
butter and then you do this oh look at
that
just look at that oh absolutely
beautiful it comes out like when if you
cook it the way I do it it comes out
like sticky like that which is like the
way I think my dad did it which I love
the absolute most and then you put on
the other slice of bread and you have to
squeeze it down like that oh my god like
proper proper crush it in and there you
go you have yourself a beautiful
sandwich I really do love the contrast
in my vlogs with white when I'm in LA in
words like five star fancy asteroids
like oh this is a channel a 10 and then
I'm back in England and I'm cooking
myself what do not even cook them it
actually looks pretty presentable in a
sense I'm now cooking super doodle
sandwiches tell me not impressed oh wait
a minute what is this check it out
ladies and gentlemen these are the new
head scoops of my character in our game
dead realm if you guys don't know it
released a game like probably like a
year ago nothing like yeah it's like
around Halloween time last year we
released a game called dead realm
everyone absolutely loved it and we'll
bring it out a massive update free which
completely changes the game and we've
got like vanna's being a character and
it's seen a nurse a lawyer your favorite
youtubers thing like wild can people
like that Terrorizer in mini wad and we
took forever to get a sculpt of my face
and went so I sent him some new pictures
and these are the ones they came up with
I think it looks kind of fucking gold to
be honest like the hairs on point the
the bid the bid to be fair is a bit is a
bit is a bit much I don't quite have a
solid bin like that when the most - is
well bought on that the artists that we
hired to do this to get the the
character of me done books fucking solid
so yeah man I can't wait till you guys
win know when the update rolls out well
that ends my day a amazing cooking show
where we failed at making salt of
chicken pieces and made a noodle
sandwich instead yes the variety of my
life however you'll be pleased to know
that the next day which is today I have
got my sleep schedule side so we'll see
how long that lasts well shall we
but as always Richard leave a like
create subscribe and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next daily vlog
so till then adios to your faces
