I try and have a good night's sleep
usually my Grandda wakes me up and
instead today she does not impressed I
went to bed at 7 a.m. I should have me
up at this time I shouldn't see this
sunlight
I shouldn't be my breakfast right now
and you should Amir my fucking house I
know I sound just so ungrateful thought
I'd see my family but when it comes to
me and sleep if anything anything
interrupts my sleep I hate it I hate the
person I hate your thing I hate whatever
it is if it's a bird if it's crow if
there's a family member if it's
someone's lost a limb I don't care all I
want to do is sleep so I'm getting back
a bed and fall asleep more particularly
this was the one day today that decided
not to set alarm like at all
not so alarm just fall asleep and wake
up at whatever time my body thought it
was the right time to wake up and know
my sister decides fuck that I'm gonna
remove no bail I'm fucking piss you off
ha
damn Daniel I this is gonna be a filling
breakfast kale a filling breakfast
that's all you held very nice get it
caught just your friend see I knew it
done I know it's these things Betty to
note is that it bet you don't know it I
see it I'm going to of this that gets
the more that gets more couch potatoes
okay what what is no Gail listen all the
years you've known okay that's the deal
but Dad can I'm wrong look at here what
the hell oh that was you I'm blaming you
okay that this is a negotiable deal but
yes I will take three pork chops as my
breakfast thank you very nice meal it
was filling did my street all of it and
then for breakfast you usually get a
glass of orange juice my dad gave me a
bit so yeah oh what a mother trucker are
you okay did you survive the firework
the show last night did you
nope you nice and savory mom called you
your bitch'll actually not heat ball bun
oops I meant scared you I'm going to
leave you be now okay you loser drums
must be ruptured I'm walking here like
what is this red devil light over here I
turn on the corner and it's Eric how you
doing baby
this what average dinner is that look
like excuse me I'm trying to eat right
now so if you could kindly just leave
that'd be great
even ah always got whatever is eating
stuck oh wait no it's go for it um corn
well toss is really walk slow and eat
slow oh good teeth oh my God look his
teeth I realize your teeth oh it's so
cute if we take a goosey-gander right
now it is 150 in the morning I finished
having dinner with my dad about eight
o'clock came back and since set up and
play Modern Warfare remastered and just
finished rendering an edit work not
rendering just finished editing my first
ever funny moments of Modern Warfare
remastered I'm stoked it's finished it's
edited and it's going up on the channel
soon as it's done see if only I got a
bed at a reasonable hour we could be
looking at the clock saying two o'clock
being two o'clock in the afternoon not
two o'clock in the fucking morning and
in my wonderful kitchen I go you know
what what have I got for food we've got
what is this we got we got chicken with
cheese and bacon we've got ice cream we
got bread we've got fucking I look at
that chicken chorizo paella that's
pretty impressive now that's all well
and good but I've decided on something
else now I'm gonna give you a clue it's
British leave a comment down below
what's it gonna be guessed it you're
correct
Cueva sandwich bro Cuevas why can't you
even see the quaver semiquaver sandwich
that's the entirety of my healthy dinner
for this afternoon so I don't know
whether I'm gonna try and do an
all-nighter just go all the way through
Monday because I woke up it's 550 in the
afternoon and I can easily stay up to 24
hours pass now that's no problem
whatsoever so I might do an all-nighter
now I'm not too sure I do have that
video made so I can feel happy about
that but that doesn't mean that when I
start playing video games and doing on
is my vlog suffer so it's it's the
balancing a kind of Act I have to try
and soft or I can't I can't you in
English we have a problem right now
one the crisp sandwich did not all the
Chris booty I must say everyone the
comments last time was murder of me was
not filling enough I have the video
uploading which is great I then decided
oh let's go cupboard and see what I've
got I got tomorrow soup tomorrow soup in
sodium - order in
sort of soup but then what I found was
rice pudding and oh my god do I love
rice pudding however you might be like
Tom I'm pretty sure you just said
there's a problem and there is okay one
oh shit
wait it's out no December so it's indie
but I don't have a can opener so I'm
going to attempt to stab into it and
retrieve the rice pudding because back
when I used to play college it for all
the goddamn time this is all I would eat
howdy tins and tins and tins of the ship
and if you don't know what rice pudding
is I don't know if it's a worldwide food
but it's rice in like creamy sauce and
that's it rice rice pudding there's no
cake in it or pudding or anything light
it's just just sloppy rice like kind of
oatmeal this is not the kind of knife
you ever used to open a can like these
these are like expensive fast knives I
want about the house and I found you
quit NAB's like the cutting suit this is
like sushi cooking kinda knives and I
just used this small knife to butcher my
way around the can bought can we just
like acknowledge the fact that I got in
the can so problem solved
oh oh oh and that's rice pudding now you
can eat cold which I did actually used
to do but you can put in the microwave
and warm it up and if you want you can
even pour Nutella in it or jamming it
now I've never put peanut butter in it
that's weird
whilst we're looking through my cupboard
and I'm like telling you about like
childhood things to eat or whatever um
this is going to be one that I'm
probably not so proud of but one day
when I was younger my grandma had these
in the cupboard and this is an optical
oXXO cube oxo oh no xoxox what the fuck
I thought it was ox oh not XO actually
I've been lighting my entire life
but either way either way so I took one
of these are my grandma's kitchen and I
like bit into it and tried it and I'm
like I'm sorry I lick the knife and I
could taste the metal on my teeth that
I've just caught from that tin or I'm a
tooth like dead sensitive right now or
vise disgusted Wow we're done and I took
one of these out and if you're wondering
what it is I'm going to show you it so
weird but only it's so nice so it comes
in a little cube like this and then you
open it up and what you're supposed to
do is you're supposed to boil water
alright
and it sounds odd but anyone else in UK
you know example this is what 21 else in
the world it's basically like gravy
granules but what I do instead mm-hmm is
I eat it I know I know it's the weirdest
thing ever but I tell you what it's the
nicest thing it's so bad for you it's
just like pure salt and fat and so I
thought oh my god it's so good and the
chicken ones oh my god the chicken ones
ten times better than that one but
there's my my woot weird
there's my weird food um fish or fish I
don't know guilty put weird food guilty
pleasure that sounds better
ox or cubes also managed to fuck up and
you can see this this this this that it
exploded
oh it's ever it's everywhere god damn I
forgot a volatile wrong this was
supposed to be a nice make some rice
pudding for Tom uh hmm and enjoy planet
Earth season two that's out now but now
I've got quick clean excuse me wow this
is I feel like Ricky Martin right now
and now instead I've got to clean up my
goddamn microwave it's just not what was
supposed to apply I didn't expect you
have to admit you guys my guilty
pleasure of eating food was and let
alone this so I'll have to excuse myself
I have to clean see what confuses me now
is that it goes darker sooner so
shouldn't the Sun come up earlier but
it's six o'clock in the morning and the
sun's doesn't come up so I feel pretty
confident going to bed right now knowing
that the day kind hasn't died I can
sleep until twelve having six hours
sleep and not feel bad that I've ever
missed the daylight so goodnight to the
world my science is for there please let
me know in the comments but I'm pretty
sure there's some supposed to come up
earlier now in cuz it's gone wintertime
is it with the time I don't know
daylight savings whatever book because
that's happened I thought it was was go
darker sooner and lighter earlier and it
hasn't done so I'm actually really
excited getting but now so I'm not no I
am actually getting in bed because it's
six o'clock in the fucking morning and I
shouldn't be awake at this time of night
so that's like golfing she's for
watching
you did enjoyed today's vlog to my
admittance of oXXO cubes being a nice
tasty snack didn't drop a light great
and if you round a subscribe because so
that you can see more of what I do on my
daily life which at the moment is
basically fucking nothing so I will
catch you guys soon in the future which
is tomorrow at 6 p.m. so until that
that's watching and adios
