oh I think this is the dangerous this is
the most interesting I've done all year
it truly is the morning after the night
before good night I'm well upset that
you don't do fry ups
if where's did a fry up it would
probably be like sex further than that
we have tub McCallum is gonna take me to
go and get some food excuse me sir
excuse me sir
trying to go and get to fry up do you
want some sausage some eggs and very
good why Thomas that's not the right
answer that is exactly what I need this
should be exactly what I need and the
cure to every problem in life right now
lot of leaves oh my gosh that is a lot
of leaves this is the cemetery this is
Holy Trinity no it's not that I lied
totally didn't cheat it's called high
chapel they go high chapel tell our
annual bonfire night high cricket and
squash club got a quest who in 2016 play
squash I don't what do you mean it's
squash try my best to sleep right now on
the silver passing out all of a sudden
this geezer turns up truly is the sound
of World War three right now god damn
fire gunpowder and carry like a curse in
my life I can never evade buying alcohol
but this time it's not for me because I
don't think I'm actually drinking
tonight all my cousins are because I'm
throwing I could get together at my
house but get a bottle of Prosecco for
all the cousins cuz they're going out to
my house at 10 o'clock at night so
tonight it's gonna be a long one the
recipe for a terrible night of drinking
this just made me sick there's really
nothing worse than looking at alcohol
after you've been drinking alcohol the
night before
that's why I'll take Ribena and have
Ribena all night look responsible would
you look at that my neighbor's having a
little firework display actually that
might not be my neighbors that might be
my local pub no but look if you don't
get from him ridiculous well good drink
stock top and let's say this this fridge
is finally looking for this is this is
looking better coca-cola Diet Coke for
the women because they
seem to always take that top insects I
said Lucas AIDS lemonade's red balls
monsters milk we're good we got
everything we need we got everything we
need
now what's firstly taking down some
sparkly Prosecco things just back the
line but I haven't bought the champagne
so I'm going to take that round to
celebrate a mum getting her new house
why I'm like literally multitasking like
a boss today because I was supposed to
be torn apart if of me and my family and
like my cousins and stuff cuz they're
all local tonight I didn't hear back
from any of them I was like I guess
we're not doing it so then I decided to
go and join my mum and my sister and
India at bond fights and I was like
right that works out that's like a plot
so I'm trying not to smash it into that
let me do this so that was the plan it
was like right I'm going see my mom and
staying there for night probably drink
nah probably stay over at my mom's new
house so that was the plan but then all
the cousins him you're black it's time
for tonight and I've been kind of like
almost expecting it and I'm like yes we
asked on tonight so I'm gonna go over
see my mom see my sister see all them
for a bit
once I'm done there drive back here I'm
a bit of a get-together with all the
cousins of the house and then on that
should be sorted that's not what I was
expecting to smell on a bonfire night
fireworks fire and shit loads of weed
holy shit someone dropped it on the
bonfire the recovery day of a hangover
would not be complete without
jade garden Chinese restaurant salt and
pepper chicken pieces thank you very
much I've never been here before in my
life
like no no no no no what is that I think
I found the right place on crackers a
fire and safest firework display that is
mine
look how close everyone this is amazing
this is proper food working in it I love
it
not exactly one finite food but salt
pepper tips with a portrait of curry
hello so this is my mom's new local
Walmart of how do you fancy a new local
it used to be a school and attention Oh
what's an institute oh you're joking I
thought it was a school turned into a
pub all right you just take a pie and
you take some food instead of happens
paper you just donate good well
community feel in it oh my God look at
the size of this that's massive
me I'm gonna be here all the time okay
I'm impressed by the size this table got
the size of that firework I hope it's
impressive
I hope it's impressive we have ignition
I don't know if these are supposed to go
higher on poetry I know right they
explode
oh that's just just a quiet one it sir
it's a the best ones they're the best
ones
they're so beautiful Wow just beautiful
it's like a shooting star
that's beautiful
that is truly beautiful
haha and then the whole thing just blows
up I might as well document it this is
how me and Kyle die girl because the
throwing the empty packets of the
fireworks the actual fireworks
themselves on the fire now scene it's
been done before at a barbecue and it
doesn't end well so I'm hoping for spell
your name
where's yours button story of my life
see if I get what do a tea
do a tea that's a tea seriously dunno
dunno and how are you supposed to do it
can we do it in slow motion and summer
oh that looks like you know right you do
the tea yeah you do chain well how old
are you
no rules and regulations like the one
rule of sparkles is wear a glove
yeah what's this about I'm supposed to
wear a glove doing this alway I'm coming
to the end of my time no it's been a
pleasure
I now have a cozy hat that looks like it
smoke see well he wanted to be in the
vlog so now I made it look like I smoked
out the top of my head this seems like a
terrible idea go on but it it's fine you
got to put it on and then you gotta walk
over it oh it's awesome oh one fuckin
job I go online go on into the fire as
nice my mom threw a carpet on the fire
and it absolutely stinks is like dog air
in it and shit and we've all left
everyone was just not there like I
refuse change of plan I was going to the
cousins but they turned up outside Mouse
and they didn't let me know they were
coming to the house like setting off so
I did enough time to get there in time
so they're outside my house I'm like 20
minutes away so they said suck it
they're going on because one other one
of them's ill anyway so I'm now turned
up at my mom's new house because she
thinks I've gone home and work out which
house she lives up yeah it's that nice
and quaint like kitchens well nice
kitchen that big distance or whatever oh
oh nice did she do that I like it this
is good Oh all then looking nice nice
little bedroom it's a nice little
bathroom and then this is where you walk
the kids that's my room oh shit well
that's lit that way as well yes this is
not kind of weird at all caps cap cat
cow stroke could be like a cat
you having fun there mate it's great it
feels incredible
is it weird no great
you carry on Carl it's handy not with my
mom's talking about becoming a drug
dealer when she retires in my sister has
a baby Darren's dying over Cal's
confused to the fucking world and
India's just India she's a special one
mom you're not putting counsel so if you
have a warrant counsel and you're
Scottish because that's the only person
knows what that means you know where to
get it tonight probably found out for
the best cuz we didn't go drinking
getting crazy drunk which I really
really kind of didn't want to do but I
did wanna be socialite with the cousins
and all that sauce stuff I would see my
mom and I saw my mom didn't see the
cousins did speak to my grounding on the
phones I said I once immigrant I bought
and I was eating his dinner so I just
left him to it and just rang him on the
phone and he was all happy he doesn't
really like bonfire night so glad we
didn't I I didn't like force him to go
our but it turned out to be a really
really good night just dead chilled then
happy got to my mom she was stoked I
went back to the house got a really good
time so successful night it's now only
qua past 12 so I'm going to drive or go
back and play ecology for all night I
might not have had a party bucket mines
night ball I'm happy that I've cleaned
up for having a pie because it now looks
clean and new and crisp and I love it
I've got more drinks in for future
parties which is really really cool we
have to check my car log to see whether
or not my cousin's actually rang the
doorbell I've got a stocked up fridge
which half of this I won't drink but
nonetheless I've got a stocked up fridge
for future events falls clean sides are
clean what more could go right right now
you know what can modern warfare we
mustered was actually really tired last
night and instead of going to bed at a
reasonable hour
I stayed up watching Westworld dead
walking Walking Dead survival and just
woke up and basically I didn't set an
alarm because you know I keep saying I
set an alarm and I wake up and I'm tired
and it ruins my day well I thought well
I won't set an alarm and I'll be
absolutely set and I've woke up at 6
p.m. today so I am absolutely exhausted
and my day is pretty much ruined so I'm
actually just been invited to go and
have dinner would you give me my
breakfast at our family members house so
if you want to watch that I'll see you
guys tomorrow
6:00 p.m. for my next daily vlog so
until then thanks for watching make sure
you leave a like great I'm so good I
don't have a hangover and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. so until then
adios
