let's put the bag now that's expensive
come on you slag a parking ticket
acquire the ticket machine we're apart
was broke set the run all the way down
to it we've got three minutes to get in
the hospital oh we're late we're late
for an important date are you ready are
you ready is daddy
she's got no deodorant on she's got no
makeup on she's got no nothing on for
the next three hours she's gotta be one
smelly Olivia
yeah I honestly reckon cuz like Carlotta
wait ages on the list once and I reckon
Lydia's gonna go first to the operation
be done and then I'll get to come in as
for the rest of the day with her Oh
always always gotta be optimistic in
life anyway pretty empty pretty Humpty
might be first
take care surgery I mean
he's really mastered I think there's no
point in messing about the scope as well
and then wasting another 20 minutes with
the information because it tells where
exactly this is how bad does it stuck is
the old one also affected you
we they've been prepping for the case
the worst which is a cup all the way
across and to be able to operate and all
this sort of stuff but they're certainly
gonna try key all to see what it looks
like the camera movement you freaky old
yeah three months too long we're not
gonna travel but but also they do that
they do that they where we thought the
cup wine was gonna be as much lower down
as well so much lower down so obviously
I was concerned about being right across
the tummy it's gonna be much lower down
below a bikini line spinal she's having
an aesthetic I want to watch her drift
but it's really it's a really small room
so I'm just staying all the way and just
not being that guy but she's gonna drift
sleep with my max Lydia can't eat but I
can how many go cheese toasted ham
cheese
yes you better know I'm taking a vanilla
goddamn latte what we did find out is
that we've not got until 11 o'clock
wait what we have got until 11 o'clock
until Lydia's potentially even gonna be
on the operation because things could
get delayed an emergency could come in
between she is last on the list today so
it's now currently nine o'clock we've
got until 11:00 hopefully you know it
pans out nice and smooth
Lettie I think I'm on the wrong way um I
must this is just typical me well that's
theater so it's not there where am I
going
I don't know claimed you can't stray off
my dressing going on over the top my
slippers and I've got a pillow that
apparently have to go out with my life
because the light gold dust
what are the chances what are the
chances of that I could have just walked
out of that building at any time and it
could have walked how to build it at any
damn time and I walked out and see you
rocking this what's your name min what
do you know about that prime parking
spot well the chances into L it's crazy
like I was gonna sit in there and wait
for her but she liked the operation I'll
take like 45 minutes and then maybe like
two hours before I can see ya after that
so I was like there's no point that was
really nice to CL that was cool I lose I
lose love me I lose this hello hello
hello the beard you just drop the cat
let me stroke the cat tissue you know
Terry tissue yeah flames are cut out
excuse no tissue ye what he's doing
steal so justifier this is the kitchen
unit my dad's fit fitted for Alice I
hope he hasn't fitted this cuz that is
the been aced plug socket I've ever seen
I'm just gonna say I was gonna say that
is a ridiculous a ridiculous game as an
electrician in training that was a
ridiculous book that was drilling
something on the wall and when he
drilled something on the wall he
accidentally went through oh he's gonna
get that you know what my daddy could
fix anything anyway
he's gonna have to fix this toilet after
I finished with it do you actually do
housework you are actually a useful
woman who no trigger in the feminists
are like I just mean like you actually
do stop Cal did all the housework on the
sound body to clean this down bar let's
have a look let's check your cleaning
skills that's all right
do you miss the trick with the top of
the TV wow this is what syndicate
original clothings really useful guys Oh
besides big screen TV my my mood when I
see I always clean my my TV with my
merch oh I did get this piece of paper
which said Ringo it's a wrangle puffer
now and a half
don't know what's going on don't know
she's out finished but can't go in even
til three o'clock and it's past well I
will let you know I don't I really
thought that because he was 45 minutes
surgery that when she got out we made it
sound like I could go and see her I
forgot about visiting hours do they
didn't tell me anything so I've got to
wait until 3 o'clock so I've got to
enough I was basically to wait but love
you
I'll see you later thank you give my car
keys no no not going anywhere I know I
know I'm so sexy are you nice and dry
now yes you are look at you you hungry
you should be because you decided to
feed into your water bowl they love them
that's so very well where's your sister
Oh kitty cats bed Steve you're supposed
to eat the food not give it piggyback
rides now get off his back I eat him eat
him idiom Steve in making them know
these pet food is I don't know what I'm
going with
enjoy your dinner and oh my God look at
how nice he's color looks fresh Steven
fresh I've now got until 3 o'clock I got
till 3 o'clock we're fucked
I can even visit a once and then I think
I've only got from 3 to 6 and then I
maybe 8 or 9 or something like that so I
completely forgot about visiting hours I
was really hoping that as soon as your
operation I just literally be had to sit
by a bedside all day until she got
hospital because she might be in there
for two days
so trying the best to keep her in there
for one but it is where it is you know
doctors know best 100% so I'm just back
home now kind of doing nothing so play
runescape oh my Jody I forgot about
something so you remember the cats in
here pissing yep
well the TV's gone you probably never
even noticed it because no one ever used
it boots ourselves got all brand new TVs
didn't use it once
however Tara moved it into here which I
hope it doesn't like make sound echo in
the room against it so perfect like
curvature to be able to do that but now
when I'm such a live streaming I've been
meant to do this ages ago I'm now going
on my CCTV on there at all times
mmm this is a thing this
the thing you two are a thing what are
you doing you know someone's going on
don't you like looking out over the over
the weather legs and it's going on
where's our mama what's up where's our
mama where is she
where she I don't know I don't know
Wow yep just just just because Lydia's
having our operation no one's at work
today eh
is this what it is alice is at home oh
you're at work are you going to the walk
oh oh right yeah it's okay it's okay
at least at least you're promoting
syndicate regional to the farmers up the
road eh the right way round is done see
you later mum got half an hour now
before I'm gonna rear-end up the
hospital and find out what's going on
Lydia still not text me so I'm assuming
she's even still asleep or smaller that
so I'll just have to wait see how things
go
I googled it and we get from 3:00 to
4:30 all right we've had contact with
years moment rang them up and it turns
out she's just just at like half past to
come out of surgery I'm kind of
mind-blowing that she's only just come
out but that means one thing well it
could mean one thing that either there
was a delay and she just got caught up
and was stuck there waiting for other
people to finish before she could
actually get her surgery done bought
more importantly that the procedure took
longer because it's gonna take 45
minutes if they did it keyhole but it
sounds like they might sack or open so
we don't know until I get there so I'm
heading out getting some flowers and
then go and see you know
she'll still be like we're not the
anesthetics I don't even think she's
awake right now so we'll see how many
attempts how many okay - Ted stood up
drove past it like three times obviously
empty up Shawna dolly fuck me up nice
update let's get run into no date as it
stands is that she's got no bed
she's got no bed into so even if she
gets out the recovery in 30 minutes
she's actually got no bed to go into
because they put a different patient in
what was it assigned to be Lydia's bed
so we don't want it that we don't know
what's going on now but I've now only
got 50 minutes to be able to see her in
visiting times
but I thought 15 minutes is up and she's
still not gonna sound Abed I can't see
you now until half a 6 so I'm hoping I
will make it I just don't think you can
go wrong with a bouquet of flowers like
that what's the favorite color pink
what's the favorite flower roses boo boo
boo boo boo boo boo I'm into this
hospital a few times Olivia and never
found parking what the chances are
that's the spot I parked in when I first
came this morning no this is a spot on
Park to know just to have to pay for
more extra parking reason why I got an
old ajke I would assume everyone's
leaving because the visiting hours only
have a half an hour left if not less
than half an hour
I'm just hoping Lydia's got a bed so I
can even see it for one minute because
if I can't see you now I have to wait
till half 6:00 and I know she's out all
mm-hmm mm-hmm
I'll be sad I would too survivor
Hospital 101 another toasty and this
time a hot chocolate who's my flowers
phylidia slowly like melting in the heat
away Alice is invited me to her house
she lives about 10 minutes from me -
just go get some food even though I
believe it might be like an over hour
and a half yet before Lydia's got a bed
which I think it will be another half
it's all the beds are full and even if
she doesn't get a bed in the next hour
and a half I'll still have like if she
doesn't get bed with an hour and a half
I won't be able to see ya
still so I'm gonna go there wait until
she tells me I can come and then come
race in here of course I went and got
the coconut milk fresh from Tesco for
the food I don't know what she was
cooking a carrier something and went to
get the coconut milk got it got nine
tenths of the weight well as his house
got to Alice's house and live you're
only saying she's in a bed so
dropped it off to her straight round run
out of petrol run into the doctors now
go
is my third journey into the hospital
today but come on I'll get used to it
because I'm visiting them now then going
home then I'll be back tomorrow morning
tomorrow afternoon and tomorrow night
it's weird innit like not a bad way but
you don't know what you've got until
it's gone I mean you can't get something
that you usually can just get all the
time like some as simple as a hug a kiss
you just appreciate so much more
was it the size of a golf-ball massage
like thing keeps beeping so we've killed
which is what just kind of angry what
kind of lovey
and then there was one up to how you
feeling she had a great firm threw up so
now she's got a little bit of toast
make sure you don't fuck my sides
because you've got one tone just you
know well this machine can be beep it
and it is now got it down sweetie every
time it beats on and off probably gonna
break y'all nice though does it feel
good only vibrate vibrate them in so he
vibrates to to keep to keep the blood in
a like movie I can't see it me if I can
feel it Oh squeezing to help stop blood
clots forming yeah you look from when I
walked in you look a hundred fifty
percent more awake and aware even though
you've been sick twice ah
and we have to get rid of the flowers is
a pink rose but what she doesn't like is
and what was in your flowers
you like the look of him well lucky for
you they're not allowed on the ward
they'll let me give it to her as like a
gift but then they had to go because
they can't stay here overnight hygiene
reasons but she might only be in one day
if the toast doesn't kill her I will she
asked me to bring her a chocolate yogurt
and I did and it went out a date on the
6th of January it's currently 11th so
let me give you this you not blaming me
right I'm gonna put this bed like a
bloody sandwich okay so what you wanna
do you wanna go up you want to go down
yeah so I can make the bed
just like that
I've been kicked out I didn't know what
time is it I visit now it's all April
it's now ten to nine so I think I got a
bit longer but she's alright she's she's
doing a thousand then I thought you
honest to god thought she liked to like
communicate with us could be so passed
out and stuff I don't think she'd be she
was like got from walk to the bathroom
and stuff like that everyone's about the
nurse and everyone the cyst was so big
are you sorry it was so it was so big
that like some of the nurse in the room
were like whoa that's the biggest we've
ever like they've ever seen in their
career and it's just mad like it was 12
centimeters like the 12 centimeter ball
how big is that but absolutely gigantic
so yeah just crazy but the doctor did an
amazing job the consultants did an
amazing job and like more area than me
Lydia wasn't even saying anything like
you know oh hey like I'm 24 I don't want
to master scaritage they even say
anything like that but they they went
out of their way to go listen we know
you young we were trying our best to
make the cut as small as possible to
remove it so it heals nicely for you and
it doesn't leave you with a scare or
anything and they just went above and
beyond oh and I cannot thank them enough
like the bed situation about not finding
a bed to me not even the problem it
happens I don't care like she was
comfortable she was taken care of I
wasn't bothered I was just I was just
sad that I I wanted to see you and when
you were see someone so bad and you can
it's upset him so I'm glad she's okay
asleep there that I I'm gonna go over
maybe livestream just to take my mind
off things and then in the morning I'll
come here but I'm not allowed to see it
till three o'clock at night so I'm just
gonna like linger around at lunchtime so
in case she's having lunch I could just
space to have her and I know that I'm
close by she needs me
case anything happened so that's the fun
PD's ah fed I tie it but I'm gonna grab
a shower too fresh myself up a little
bit
I haven't eaten any food because I was
going up at dinner Alice's but then that
got canceled because Lydia was ok so you
know what I'm gonna shower snack and
livestream I should really just get in
bed boy
I feel terrible of my stream subscribers
because I just haven't been live
streaming forever so I'm dying making
myself a nice cup of tea
I love the clock at night before our
stream feel I can be watched be doing
what you do it you realize what you
doing what you doing I know exactly what
you're doing your EIN of these if I am
streaming and I hear a smash you know
he's gonna be in the bad books you only
got two kills struggling but more
importantly look at this look at this
look at this chat right now oh oh
shout out to pepper one five one Admiral
Ackbar Sam D worst with Hearst yep
nailed it Dukey but Ben element Laura
18:42 brug maka Mesa and Nathan wide two
one three one thank you very much Scott
I almost thought his name was nationwide
as well as Y Wells 91 thanks for
subscribing welcome aboard
don't mind me just glide together Oh
hundred fifteen sub trained shot you
know what this means that means it's
sitting original shirt giveaway so all
the subscribes in the chat can enter
into this raffle a Juwanna one of the
mods just won't let me show you Joanna
would 34 has been on twitch farm a
subscribed as a mod in the chat and is
just one of self shit now Joanna I'm
gonna let you win the show I'm gonna set
you another free shirt or get in touch
me I'll send you the same message I'll
probably over Twitter and is easy for me
to do alright but I don't think it's
fair to give a shirt away to just one
a mod if it's a mod it's like a lookie
reroll we get to go again so don't worry
if you've already entered I'm gonna run
it again then we're gonna see who's
gonna get it this time so let's go again
you guys are look you guys get a second
chance to be able to do this oh by the
way shout out to Reno thank you
grabbin a Benjamin ater thanks very much
ditched which welcome board five months
are open clipper two three one two thank
you very much and the next when it is
gonna be in five four three two one
Durham it's gone gone you following me
for 1291 days get damn society only had
four hours sleep I'm still streaming
it's five o'clock in the goddamn morning
this trees been going for four hours
shoutout to all the subscribers that are
still awake with me I can't believe
we're still going shout out to mr. Molly
he's an absolute legend but oh my god we
still go in and a still Maga victory
they've noticed our like hello hello
finally time for bed six o'clock in the
morning my kitty cat looks tired what
you doing you come from there you look
extremely comfy however you lay on your
back you absolutely sausage situation
both the cats just absolutely chilling
is like looking like you've done
something wrong as usual and listen to
her again she's like a bloody tractor
living in the tractor phasing cats you
ready watch we've got this book I catch
it and we build this foot watch and then
I wiggle this foot but oh they're both
doing it right now I'm gonna remove my
feet guys I have to end this vlog here
honestly a mossy thank you for the love
and support you guys have sent to Lydia
it's just been overwhelming to like on
her Instagram and all that stuff
everyone was just like floored it
flooded it with nothing but love and
light in the comments the video like you
guys know she reads all of them thank
you so much the procedure could have
gone it like that to be honest it worked
out really good she's healing really
well and she's just gotta get back on
them like
covering path so hopefully I will get to
go to the hospital tomorrow or she'll
get like dismissed from hospital and
she'll get to go home to her mom's house
because let me talked about whether
she's gonna stay here or she could stay
at home and she's gonna stay at home
because if she stays at home that way at
least she's gonna make sure she gets
three meals a day so that makes complete
sense and won't survive off ramen
noodles with me but anyway like I said
thank you so much and to the people who
asked can we send Lydia like get all
some cards absolutely if you if you want
to send Olivia anything all you have to
do is like just write to Lydia and if
you click the show more in the
description you'll be able to see an
address which is my p.o box if you guys
want a sudden Lydia like forget well cut
a basket no letter anything that you
want to share your story about it feel
free send it in I'll do a little video
unboxing with her because she could have
all this time off like you'll give a
loads of stuff to read she loves reading
and she looks like like listening to you
guys meeting you guys so if you want to
send her a card let's see if we can
absolutely overwhelming with
get-well-soon cards link will be down in
the description for the PIO box and make
sure you put - Lydia so I make sure she
gets that I'll film me so thank you for
you look guys thanks for your support
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6:15 ex
daily vlog leave a like rate subscribe
and until then much love I saw D us more
importantly thank you to the doctors in
the NH has to make you this like
possible like seriously we take for
granted like that you know I don't I
don't care that there wasn't a better
like straight away or anything like that
the fact that we managed to do it
he's absolutely incredible the power of
being a human well fuckin done guys
teamwork makes the dream work
