it was not a dream it was not a dream oh
my gosh turn this console on right now
I'm spending nothing but today play
Modern Warfare remastered look at that
bye-bye look at that bye-bye that's not
the box but look at that bad boy
yep that looks like the only me I'm
gonna have today because I'm going ice
elating myself in my office and playing
video games I might as well say hello to
you all now it's 3 o'clock in the
afternoon
I've already Carl bed because I went to
bed at 7 a.m.
as you can tell I was playing call of
duty all night and I did try the new
zombies what do I think of it not that
keen to be honest the quality of it
looks great it is kind of fun but it
just doesn't feel like a zombie game
that we like so we all know track
zombies I don't know it's not the same
thing but you kind of want it to be the
same thing or close to it in the fact
that it's not close to it it's just like
a however we will just completely ignore
infrared warfare and go straight into
remastered way just look at it just look
at it look at this intro where's the
intro look it away what that's what
don't even play the intro whoa put your
leg over i I don't even know what's
going on it VAP vague flesh we got
vapenation wait going what what's this
smell what you got what's this cranberry
crunch can rate mmm cranberry co2 what
you have in some drawer coasters fabric
it's like a fucking bake-off in my
fucking kitchen and to solve this
problem upon my extractor and it
basically takes all the smoke out of
there
sweet all that is well sweet that
actually tastes like a pie like a like a
sweet like a sweet pie all right show us
dragon shows dragon is it come out your
ears or summer
yeah that's pretty good actually
who needs to pay for a firework show I
can just look out my window watch all of
them around Manchester this is easy mode
that being said it's like minus 1 in the
UK right now look at my nipple a man who
just got that cold within two seconds of
me opening that fucking door oh my god
right anyway get ready I'm a nut out of
the boys that we're not doing it too
crazy book we'll see how the night goes
this is how you know I'm a hard corner
because I got the Xbox downstairs the
console we got Rhino we're listening to
Kid Cudi and we're about to smash it on
Modern Warfare remastered oh ye may
we're building the most ultimate
playlist
Tommy's a fucking DJ master bi believe
in you my friend Roberts play legs curse
a of rhino and Zack appreciate this one
sec well I feel like four guys in a room
playing candy shops kind of gay but then
you turn this on it's like oh what the
fuck - a reason you ordered a taxi for
me it's around the corner
it was corporate here and it Tom vinyl
asking for the birth
I finally listened one of you is it
Walter that Matthew I'm going to be
Thomas choice you're hot you do with the
blue as if we just got a taxi - did you
just get change as if we just got a
fucking taxi - here you an idiot voice
the fucking space anyway we made it
let's enjoy the night Tom McCallum
things he can neck apply Estella the
spot the spot the straw three two one go
bus going on good luck
introducing the grapes national Arosa
cup dition Wesley versus jonathan
brothers-in-arms on your marks get set
go
abs on ABS on hams on murder Muslim
devotion Gomez Gomez I'm John I'm John
Hanson Hanson : yeah
I'm absolutely devastated because I'm
gonna show you a clip of footage now
which happened to all the rest of my
videos throughout the night and
completely ruin them alright we have
worse verses son Sammy ready
where's I basically everything I feel my
arm wrestling the rest the night it all
just became this story like judge
attention to the like Jolly video mess
unfortunately that's gonna have to end
today's vlog I apologize I don't know
what it's doing my phone speaker isn't
working properly sometimes my
microphones not working so it's all the
hints to tell me to get an iPhone 7 but
they're sold out everywhere I'm trying
my best
my goddamn best to get an iPhone 7 plus
in the largest size in any god damn core
and everywhere sold out and christmas is
coming up so gonna be even more sold out
so let's go wrap up today's vlog but
today the next day's vlog is gonna be
bonfire night I've not really not done
much because I was pretty hungover from
the night before that we went out we
ended up being out to like 1 o'clock in
morning drinking a lot of alcohol and it
was just an intense damn night so I'm
going to some bonfires and watches
fireworks tonight so let's see how that
goes do you guys do too sneaky outro so
until tomorrow thank you very much for
watching leave a like rating subscribe
and I'll catch you guys tomorrow
adios
