five am way too early of your start for
me no one here no one here no one here
this place is great in all but it ten
times better
if they sold alcohol that's one thing I
can definitely point out the German
market in England are so good
hmm truffle hot chocolate I was going to
get a can of coke then I was like that's
a really bad decision it's absolutely
freezing in New York it's like 20
degrees or so which actually no it's 30
it's 30 degrees whatever the Matt it's
called a and these guys are chess
hustlers I'm sure that up here yeah wife
is being told to move and he is game's
first he's doing no harm playing chess
you could say he's a hustler book he
beats them at a fair game a game of
chess and don't understand it well
starting today off for the fail I
managed to go back to the German markets
get myself a bratwurst eat it and that's
now my breakfast at one o'clock in the
afternoon so time to go and visit rock
star studios why can I see a YouTube
play button from here what the hell is
it advertising I see a map I don't know
what it's showing but soon as I get
close I'll be able to say oh okay then I
got closer to it I can see the YouTube
sign but I don't know what it's trying
to find out maybe that like that Street
or something is where YouTube actually
is in New York us that's what I'm gonna
go with update on the weather it's still
cold as yet I've walked about 10 minutes
so far got another 10 minutes to go down
the street I wrote one good thing about
New York it's just straight roads it's
well easy to get about like a massive
understand why Casey has a longboard you
score the road you be there wherever you
need to go in five minutes rather than
26 mile oh I mean oh I definitely made
it for where I'm supposed to be whoo
whilst I'm waiting for Adam I decided to
jump on midnight club LA and I got
greeted by a dog Adam I appreciate your
invites a rockstar you're an absolute
awesome guy I say this as well because
he gave you an absolutely massive bag of
swag I'm hoping there's no bullets guns
or anything inside it it's not throw in
my suitcase securities now could be like
and why do you have brass knuckles or
things so I'm gonna leave an unboxing
video today of what that is but I've got
to get
kind of maybe heading over to the
airport now it's like 2:30 so I'm just
gonna go back put this in my suitcase
I'm gonna get truckin on to JFK Airport
oh and again bruising why I didn't film
asses and rock stars because you can't
film and I'm their lost secret stuff
going on Red Dead Redemption twos coming
out so they don't need a vlogger walking
around being like hey what's that screen
to and why is that horse like doing
backflips and looks like a zombie with
flames come out coming out of his eyes
so yeah couldn't really film anything
and that's all you understand and
respect that I was like if someone comes
down to 3bd you don't really want them
filming our screens either so yeah
really cool out of all the places you
could park a brand new car this guy's
deciding to park and spill white paint
is now but it always tires one
really do you think if you work to make
money in New York City the way to go
about it is to own a car park 8:44 for
half an hour
there is easily 100-plus cars in there
hundred plus if not even if there for an
hour
god damn I know they need to be heard
but that is such a horrible sound
horrible just sounds like a dying cat
rolling down the street but also must be
going on there's a fire engine and then
a police truck racing down the road as
well hopefully everything's okay goodbye
New York City it was a pleasure made it
to the airport
it is not busy this is going to take
some sweet-ass time I got 3% battery
though until next time New York it was a
pleasure I will see you later
holy did I just dodged a bullet I
found out that there was like a if
you've got like a silver card or gold
card or something you can check in there
and I'm Sol visage managed to check in
and miss all of it I found out there's
an airport lounge I can go on you so I'm
gonna get my ass Anette I relax to
this is exactly what I'm looking for
Galilee wrong I just said gallery lounge
that made no sense yeah if this lounge
sucks I try and get some food some
drinks or whatever but if it sucks I'm
gonna walk back down there so I like a
massage thing and I'm going to go get a
full-body massage for like two hours to
wait until my flight and then a like a
seven or eight hour flight until I get
to London
I got my ass reverted to business class
therefore I'm having a pre-flight supper
so this is the food that you get in the
airport lounge it like sandwiches in
stephane which is pretty damn nice you
get food and vegetables and all that
sort of stuff but in a second I'll show
you the business like lounge dinner that
I'm going to be which is a really really
nice so for now I'm lost looking for the
toilet and now this here is the food in
the business lounge caddy look at this
mmm mmm that's good
you've done my selection of beers as
well and that is what I call delicious
miso broth the chicken noodles and
shrimp and the Heineken
plot twist they have a spice I'm going
get a massage the dinner was okay I'd
give it like a 5 out of 10
nothing fancy hopefully now I get to go
relax with good music and the head
massage I was going to get back this
much but many like ever a face massage
but that feels bad now that looks like a
comfy ass chair or Dean Oh
flippin heck any one of these in my ass
please this gets a 10 out of 10 this
does it was so nice couldn't film
obviously you not supposed to film
inspires but I was like I was gonna get
like a back massage but they said oh you
sittin shows basically like a back
massage so I started in this chair like
pressurized right my arms my legs and
then I'd like a face scrub and my
shoulders and stuff but uh I feel pretty
good right now it's all like 15 minutes
long it's a free spa so like girls I'm
gonna use a free spa so I'm back in the
restaurant now and a drink and chill a
before a fun oh my flight to London is
now boarding thank you very much
pressure London the Manchester than home
I'm ready for an 8 or 9 hour flight
business class upgrade hell yeah
and should be nice and sweet business
class means I can basically blog easier
rather than be sat right next to someone
and when I try like film in there like
whatever the are you filming
thank God I set off to the gate early I
just walked up to the gate was like
there's no ticket and they were like
this is the wrong gate I said says
London Heathrow is like different
airliners like is this British Airways
he said yeah he said these two flights
going out at the exact same time so I'm
kind of what can I ever miss my flight
there she is I wonder if easily the one
I always fall here I don't know it can't
be that's when I goes to a lady
nonetheless didn't miss the flight
thank God I would have really sucked I
got an upgrade to business class and
then I missed a flight like
upstairs
sixty-two all right okie dokie 62j let's
do this I am the first person on the
phone this is pretty dope okay 63-62 now
I need to work out which ones J maybe I
guess I'm literally the only person on
this plane upstairs right now the
cockpits open this is my seat kind of
like folds out was like a bed hopefully
if it stayed empty the entire flight
that would be so sick but I don't think
it will do I really want to go and say
hello to the captain work that might
just be weird awesome because I you can
see right on in there nice I may have
got business class upgrade for that
is very potato HDTV right now I know
it's first of all problems bought man
that sucks
everything look like it was like the
modern planes and then I saw the screen
not so much however I had a menu and I'm
now looking at what I'm having for
dinner so Australian lamb shank that
sounds good
or I could get
rest of chicken French beans and potato
wedges
with the possibly the chicken my causes
have arrived
I told everything little chocolate I
don't know can melt
I don't want getting chocolate the start
about sure whatever the hell this is
also don't
managed to work out that that was a tuna
tartare conclude with go I ordered it
and I've also found my nemesis in the
pub America and seven my phone batches
are like ten percent and he died so I've
been charging it was like oh I've got
nothing to do I can't play games of a
phone as like I'll listen to music so I
got the headphones what to listen to
music but I can't listen to music in
charge before at the same time so I
basically can't use my phone
Walt
for the main course I have chicken I
have bacon asparagus on asparagus peas
carrots my juice for about an hour or
two because the TV didn't work as a
stylist Lila's into music and other than
that I've been playing balloons
tower-defense five for every other hours
since then this game is so damn addicted
no I am NOT sponsored to say this you
guys know that when I fly I use
sometimes of 12 hours of flying simply
only play balloons tower-defense five
it's ridiculous this stupidly addictive
so I'm waiting for my food and then I
think maybe like 45 minutes in an hour
we'll be landing into London I got about
our weight from there and then I'm
headed to Manchester and I'll be home
and my sleep pattern will probably end
up getting ruined today most likely nice
cup of tea a panini kwasind and some
fruit
it's pitch black outside I've only got
about 20 minutes to make my flight from
London to Manchester hopefully I don't
miss it if I do I'm screwed
I would totally wannabes escalator well
I can't be bothered in time I've been in
this bookstore literally the bookshop
even by WH Smith and you don't have this
einman book good way to early right now
for me it's like 7:45 or something
flights at a exhausted all I do is go to
sleep but it is what it is but what I'm
going to try and do I've done this
before is I always pick the left hand
side of the plane from London to
Manchester so when I fly home I can look
over and look out the window and I can
actually see my house I've flown from
London to Manchester like 55 plus times
and a successfully found my house once
so I'm gonna try and do again and if I
can I will zoom in from above using this
camera and film it but the weather's
pretty cloudy so I don't
how I said I was going to look out the
window to try find my house the window
is
impressive water fail I don't know how I
managed this I swear to God there was a
window on the picture where I pick my
seat but not so much that's what that's
probably the biggest plane fail I've
ever made in my life sick
I'm tired back in rainy old England and
Terminal 3 where as it were as it were
as it were as it were as it was it there
terminal 3 we meet again gonna dive my
ass in a taxi and head home I'm excited
to see Steve but at the same time I'm
also really excited to get on that pedal
bike if you guys didn't see in the vlog
I got an electric pedal bike and I
cannot wait to use it after a good
night's sleep like 9 o'clock in the
morning the rochelle should be gone and
this guy came off the wrong turn for me
so we got stuck on the motorway and we
were on there for about half an hour
usually takes me about 20 minutes to go
home from the airport but because we
took the wrong turn into us living hard
home sweet home or the truckers and
adult Mikey so I'm going on the back
door
also known as Mount Everest and damn the
wind is that strong it moved all my
furniture this way and open that box
over there what the actual that's
some rearranging to do more than that
everything looks fine house looks good
car looks good and also got a pretty
cool package down and go through but I
might do that in tomorrow's vlogs I need
to end today's vlog to start today's
vlog so I don't I need to end
yesterday's board start this vlog there
you go oh so I actually think on that
note guys I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog
as you can tell I'm really tired so I'm
gonna try and get a few hours sleep
oh he's cold in England I'm gonna try
and get this is so stupid I'm gonna try
and get a few hours sleep ladies and
gents and then start my new day tomorrow
so I want to thank you all for watching
it has been a long-ass journey and it
wasn't long in business class that's why
I like I usually film like loads of me
being derping around and just stupid and
 but there wasn't that much going on
because everything was broken so it is
what it is so thanks for watching I love
your faces New York was awesome sorry I
couldn't show you guys like what was up
to you might be like you showed us
everything you were up to
I didn't a lot of people in the comments
were like Tom you poor thing you look so
lonely on your own I was with a bunch of
people I just I just like couldn't film
because it wouldn't give away what I was
doing something so to everyone in the
comments who was really concerned being
like Tom you look so lonely i skater and
you roll out oh my god it's so sad
you're going for meals on your own
there's a bunch of people with me I just
didn't film them just our privacy
reasons and out of the secrecy and stuff
are so there you go alright we're done
what happy what a good I'll catch you
guys tomorrow 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog
adios
