a beautiful day with a random grundles
in the garden hello
and on the seventh day the old man said
what did you say he's like oh right come
on obsessed my office come online I me
to upload my vlog whoa petrifying in
this light not gonna lie that's a pretty
good time for doing the whatever it's
called it's the FNC track or whatever
boy did it 17.3 I'm gonna give it one
more chance try and be ins here I can
get it Oh 16.7 on the board it says more
17.9 but I go down to the 16.7 nice
you're right on that still yeah you okay
hey sure what are you doing what are you
doing
all those tits in this quarters tits
outside so for some reason I thought
it's perfect weather to wear shorts I
just don't know also massive shot
syndicate regionals new jumper
I don't endure the 1337 input why
because it literally has the numbers
1337 are over than that if you guys got
cool name for this shirt leave it in the
comments down below and you never never
know we might call it after that so
let's go and get neighbor Alice what is
this I feel like I'm in Los Angeles I've
been driving out for about 20 minutes
and stuck in traffic the entire time so
this sucks the clocks go back an hour
and everyone just freaks the fuck out
and starts driving like an idiot I don't
understand it myself but Alice is
waiting on me and I am hungry and want
to go to the tripod to Center hello
little ta I'll be stuck in traffic for
ages you gonna play levy are you just
kidding Normie as usual he's gonna
ignore me as usual you
oh my god is massive are you sure he's
not in the running for the Guinness
World Record longest cat hello hello
little one hello
he writes go yeah let's go after about
two hours I've made it to the Trafford
Centre where there's a unicorn up there
a peregrine falcon and I don't lean ever
realized that was a unicorn and I think
that's a Griffin either way we're going
to waggy movers I told no bitch stood
outside for two seconds anyway I hope
this room at Wagga mamas which I don't
think there is always oh no look how
busy it is oh it's rampant if it's
actually absolutely fucking now anyway
anyway we could have picked anywhere we
could have picked you up a fucking laugh
fucker
two hours to get here to our way about
Wagga members I don't think so job
burger instead I mean good I don't know
I met donor the back-up plan includes
gourmet burger kitchen gym make your own
burger no Major Tom what's that
now that sounds disgusting nope well you
can get milkshakes that looks pretty
good I want a vanilla milkshake with the
taxi driver that should be mine I think
now I want like a proper meet you one
with an egg I want to egg in there as
well so far this burgers getting a solid
nine that looks like you guys know my
sister there's always been no tourists
to be messy and with him
three minutes of opposes having the
burger let me show you the mess she's
made so far I've ordered my burger
excited for it I've got a cup of cold
some kick it back chilling Howard who
works it
awesome dude settle Oh watches the
videos he loved zombies gotcha made his
own zombies channel as well because you
watched Milan school and then this place
has got amazing music so I'm looking
forward to tasting the food and giving
it a raging out of five we're gonna try
out five this time rather than ten okay
my burger came out looking incredible
yeah mine shits on yours wait one sec
I've got you remove although what is
that that's a tomato that's definitely
no tomato and no onions no thank you and
you shall return there we go what the
hell
so far this burgers get a solid nine
that means that you guys know my sister
there's always been no tourists to be
messy then with him
three minutes of opposes having the
burger let me show you the mess she's
made here's my table everything on my
plate let's have a look at Alice Alice
how we doing the mate so what happened
there
you're a waste of space stop these
things you fool
I guarantee she'll make more mess by the
end of it as well this is mayonnaise
with bacon bits in it you love this
right he said it's the best okay so what
do I give the burger I said I was gonna
give it out of five stars so if I give
out of five stars I gotta give it a four
point six four points a man was well
good four points it was well good well
good I was going about a nine out of ten
or four point six I think is it
equivalent of a nine even a palace prix
going into the Apple store do you think
they'll have the seven plus 100 cent yes
no way I'm saying no okay I posit it was
let's think they have it what I tell you
another didn't say that he didn't say
that another Apple store another Apple
store another no next stop for me super
dry straw it's where you stay dry inside
the store this is hands-down the
comfiest coal have it look what in my
life I like what you think does it suit
me I don't want in black as its Umi
zoomi would you be nutria sale bruh
really oh no way
I forgot this open game opened a multi
play gaming arena
it's like power bi overclockers and it's
got like a pro gaming section upstairs
what oh oh shit it goes what we're on
the walls no way this is outside the
city original stunned look I did just
that's what were the reaction was four
ohms on it look at all the syndicates
why no way Oh in the world there am what
the fuck
no way oh sorry
this should do this is fucking sick no
this is so sick oh my god
all the energy drink snacks all the game
and quit equipment and stuff Alice how
cool is this
I think so this is brilliant
shout out to raise it there's three of
them were at whereabouts
Portsmouth Bristol and here no way this
is so sick
well impressed the coolest things I have
ever ever seen yeah yeah we already
found ourselves how mad is that how mad
is this I am genuinely overwhelmed by
that right there that was I knew they
had like the setups in like consoles
that I didn't know we were gonna be on
the wall something so massive shards
Molly play about the awesome as if
there's an oculus boof in the middle of
the Trafford Centre now I know I've
shown this a lot and a lot and a lot and
a lot but still people ask me what
hair-gelled are you so I'm going to show
you right now what I use is Toni & Guy
put a matte finish the green one and
there's only one green one and it's that
one right there
it's worth its weight in gold it's one
of the best strongest hair gels I ever
used like there it says like the fiber
one might be good but I don't get a
tried that one before but I just stick
with the green one on the port it is
incredible and look at this kind of
stuff and I'm just like I don't
understand what I'm looking at how its
explained you can explain everything but
she is gorgeous who is that fucking damn
rushes wait a minute isn't the Joker
yeah that's Jared Leto what the fuck
Alice it's beginning to look a lot like
Christmas
everywhere which their Christmas is
hands-down sweet shop must resist
chapter and here we see Alice getting
her makeup done because she's terrible
at doing herself that's fair to say
right how long have you been putting the
1 and that gives you an allergic
reaction for how long
yeah exactly I thought he send help
immediately you see this is why I like
to save me so much time and effort
always bought me a shirt 1 what are you
doing I just bought me a shirt once it
was like my favorite fitting shirt of
all time ever I can't trust I can't
trust it to not break things first you
say what was that
maybe I just put it here no one will
notice but she bought me a shirt that
really like from All Saints I just went
in there and bought the same shirt in 7
different colors so I've got one for
every day of the week and one for every
weekend so it's know is do it yourself
thank you for that I appreciate it we
found the DCs
I don't like them I don't like them I've
pretty much got all them and then these
ones disgusting I am so very other do
traders nah I'm very disappointed you
know when you walked into a woman's
furniture home store called Zara because
it's most like fume perfume um for and
everything in here is bright as fuck
oh maybe proper called the Christmas
decorations all over the building
oh it's so pretty I can almost let's
find the car let's find out if our
friend falls over he's still there I see
it I see thee I see the Audi JJ mio to
church bitch can you see me Bryan Ryan
iron I Oh save me my gosh you are f no
doesn't work I need to keep you TT just
aah that's the few to be able to sing it
you know like good trip to Travis in
alright
took his job 79 hours to get here that's
every time I say at the time exten took
his fucking ages to get it bought I got
shirts I didn't get shoes but I'm not
too stressed about that but I think
you're successful right and I bought
your candle defuse
the only thing I'm about to cover and
over so much I know right that's brother
ever
like I thought we were butter a
girlfriend sounds kind of weird oh you
cheeky bitch up another well this is
nice hot chocolate this thank you we had
a nice day out yeah thank you for dinner
no worries Kyle thank you for fuck all
you easy shit objection
okay I'm taking a minute to sit down in
the end of a day today I'm just to say
you guys are fucking super cool night my
black Wow Tom swearing and then say real
cool that's like an insult with a
compliment but today it was super
awesome because we drops of traffic
Tennant we bumped into fun there we then
walked into the Trafford Centre and when
we went for food we bumped into Aaron
who worked at the burger place and he
was awesome so they love the videos
watches the vlogs and stuff like that we
walked around a Bunsen's people I bumped
people in boots I walked into what was
it called super dry and bumped into a
guy in there it was absolutely awesome
to see him like really from
conversations took photos of him all
that sort of stuff I went to All Saints
who I went to All Saints to get some
shirts I met two guys in there and like
what the one ginger guy was like could
not believe his eyes that I was in there
it's just it's really cool to see like
my audience in all different situations
in life like I go to gaming events and I
get to meet people and it's super cool
but when I'm out about nothing beats
bumping into someone in like the most
random circumstance I just wanna say
like thank you for saying hi I'm a
supreme people who respect like my
privacy like to come a little bit busy
at the time rather than just running
jumping in my face about you or like you
know not turning up outside my house so
when I do bump into people and I like I
know the weight you've hit me to like be
free in the moment of what I was doing
and then come over and say like hey I
saw you were like you know over here
just do want to interrupt you and say hi
like I really appreciate you guys are so
fuckin cool and I don't say enough that
I just want to thank you for being you
for being awesome for watching the
videos and that's pretty much just that
and it is mad that the the crazy thing
is that when I speak food was like yeah
I used to watch all your gaming stuff in
the person that watches your vlogs
because all I kind of put out is the
vlogs now it's I love gaming video I
used to love doing it but it's just I do
daily vlogging excited love daily
vlogging I really really do
so it is a very very strange thing to
see that the audience that watch me back
then were much younger back then it
because if you go back six years of
which I've been doing gaming videos
that's you know that's me being 17 years
old rather than 23 so my audience who
was you know 16 17 back then there are
like 20-plus years old now so they work
at bars the work at restaurants work at
clothes shops and art sized stuff so I
just see him along the road of my life
of where I go so it's like my audience
is full-on growing up with me and I'm
very very thankful for the audience that
I've always had so just a long-winded
way to say thank you for being awesome
and this is to and on even if you're
young or you're old or anything and
watch is this like a no full families
sit down and watch these vlogs together
they'll sit down like they'll all get
together at 6 o'clock and then get
pissed off about the vlogs like but if
it's on time they'll sit together and
watch it you know some people watch it
with their babies you know I like
someone sit there with their cats
watching and stuff on I just want to say
thank you for watching them and you know
a lot of people do say like sometimes
it's really fun another Jake and then
sometimes you do nothing and it's boring
but that's just the show that this is if
you want to call it the show it's the
life of Tom
some days I'm doing stuff some days I'm
not and some days I'm just really
hungover and don't feel like doing stuff
so thank you for being awesome thank you
for being you and if I do ever get to
meet you in person I can't wait to shake
your hand
don't fucking turn up outside my door I
don't fucking fight you I won't actually
fight you and that's why I invited any
ones to know but you don't join up
outside my house or anywhere where I
live are I'm staying at Hotel I just
can't wait to bump into you there's a
game and event I'll just randomly and
put in my Tim person out of power but
honestly thank you so much for I'll be
an epic long waited thing to say here
but you guys are awesome now with that
little spiel set I'm gonna go to bed so
make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe and if you want click the
share button share the life of tongue
with your friends and then you can play
yeah this guy basically phones every day
of his life puts it on the internet and
that's pretty much that so until
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog we'll hope this gets uploaded on
youtube in the YouTube capture app that
I use to watch soap Lord isn't dead yeah
I'm just kind of like waiting until they
go and terminate the bond when that
happens I'm pretty much screwed so
fingers crossed we pray we pray we pray
so until then thank you for watching and
I'll catch you guys later
adios and thank you
