I'm on a boat weather update it's called
shit in New York right coach I heard
this place was good so I know - oh my
goodness quite small portions bought I'm
hoping it's worth the wait and very
filling initial bite
that's me chicken place was nice I did
really enjoy it but for the 28 minute
walk that I did I'm gonna give it a
seven point five out of ten I know I
know
it had really good ratings online but it
would just wasn't a lot of food to be
honest so I'm sorry I'm about to burn
the seas and head to the lady okay
and to be honest I reckon I could swim
but maybe not in this condition because
it is ice cold that's why I'm wearing
gloves no sausage yeah it was nice to
see ya she's big she's green
it genuinely makes you think if you were
here when 9/11 happened like say you're
on like a tourist trip and then you were
like here just at the end of pair and
you saw what happened that must have
been the most insane insane thing ever
holy crap just absolutely madness just
like that made it perfect I'm like on
them on it on a minute to get back on
the boat to go back to the islands this
time it's a full ass boat literally all
we just made it on the boat in time and
next time when I come back I want to go
in the crown of it you could go up the
tower it's a crowd next time I will be
inside I found Nintendo store push up oh
oh
Morris long Evan this is almost firm I
never knew this existed this place is so
great it's playing all the music it's
good vibes like I feel like so happy
right now
I'm just actually really happy it's kind
of weird
what a damn cool place it just played on
Mario Kart just kick some kids ass and
then they've got Mario go over the pole
he's all good I came to a Nintendo store
I had to buy something Pokemon so I
bought 2 packs of Pokemon like the new
ones just to see case I get something
awesome I get a Charizard I'm gonna die
I never in my entire life have played on
an nes I'm going to buy one simply so I
can play because whatever this is
whatever the hell this is looked amazing
and I want it immediately than what the
virtual born they have via but then you
kidding what it's incredible they've got
in 1000 64 very not a play about
definitely and then they've got the
GameCube at the games he was like the
best Nintendo made mine
then the Wii is pretty good but I just
remember everyone smashing their TV
screens as I can say and then the Wii U
I've got that bad boy love Mario Kart
and beast
I was watching someone play on this
screen but look at the size of this what
what is amazing
odds guys go ahead he's totally gonna
win
oh I think this is my house well this
was the big fun see Christmas tree I
came to see but there's still rigging
building it nonetheless here's the ice
skate in so I'm hopefully gonna go down
there and shred some gnar I'm falling on
camera hope I get someone falling on
camera walking really when you wait I
got my skates I'm ready to go this guy
has the best job in the entire
okay I can definitely say whoa whoa okay
now this is showing off this right here
I could say I'm nailing this right now I
am gonna be also honest that I find it
absolutely hysterical when little kids
fall over I've been doing nothing but
laugh of them so about five minutes I
probably follow max I thought ice
skating couldn't get better I was wrong
hip-hop ice down
it's not done too much dancing yet but
hopefully he doesn't pretty stick cool
stuff this doesn't feel like I'm walking
like a drunk penguin the ice-skating
looks amazing I was amazing but this set
up in here for Kenny is like stupid
thing ever look how small the room is so
dope is so the one I went on they even
have a tree bullet trees trees not
working nonetheless twice as many laps
here not thing however my one goal of
New York was to ice skate at the
Rockefeller Center so I've done it I can
come back next year and do it here I
just totally realized this is the ice
ring that I saw from last night I think
I just realized that this is the
fountain from friends because if I'm
right in saying there's the foul in that
building if I'm wrong let me know in the
comments below
oh my god this is such a nice restaurant
hole
shit I ordered a lobster roll and I had
no idea that it would be this big and
this many of them this is gonna fill me
in tonight know how much my taste on can
scare lobster roll was absolutely
delicious
and now I'm going for a mongolian beef
no lamb Mongolian map baby that looks
pretty good overall really nice
restaurant very very fancy layout so
damn good it's actually now the next X
that got back and just absolutely passed
out cuz my days have been so damn long
but I'm like having more of a relaxed
chill out do nothing day today so that's
that and someone told me that snapchat
has released the snapchat glasses in New
York so if I kind of wanted to go and do
something today I could possibly go get
them but I don't know but nonetheless
guys I'm gonna wrap up my vlog here I
hope you did enjoy if you did make sure
you leave a like rating and subscribe
and hopefully my vlog won't be late
tomorrow like it was today I'm really
sorry I just slept in because I'm an
absolute sausage you know I've been
exhausted the past few days so much love
to your faces because a pleasure me and
everyone that I've met around New York
I'm looking forward to today three or
four in New York hopefully some meet
some more of you in public so until then
