bigger blacker box bombs doing the
entertaining job of not falling off my
drive do you feel safe down there tom
well of a good diet lads enjoy
yourselves
I'm going back to bed what on earth is
going on in this kitchen
hello Internet yo how many cooks it me
thanks I don't you actually what's going
on right what you mean a knob stops what
not the norm this o is the gas leaking
No are we going to die where's the
gummin oh it's hey wait what's up Kerry
Oh comin where is it oh okay a little
bit just make sacrifices it's really
good I so good please do please don't
tell me that long huh beating right why
are you so red
I'm so who is chalky is toasting in here
that's hot in German I think so oh my
god toasty get off mm-hmm oh my god got
a cheese sauce already I'm gonna give it
right now 1000 I leave the whole way
tonight not Oh India this is beautiful
wait where do I sit you're here I'm a
mommy got your chair you settle before I
don't have chair what is this
okay wait there's gifts on the table oh
my days I am actually I was gonna be
what is that
hey man I made it so she didn't make you
something maybe cured I'm not make sure
I made a key lime pie as well I don't
know if I like key lime pie hey sure
yeah are you saying that because I have
to like everybody must 42 geez what's up
good evening hey creepy what time is it
live yeah yeah yeah I don't like green
things and nope you
yes yes no there's a rule and all okay
we got Alex Alex from the shows Oh
terrible why oh yay took over
he's only over a it happens and the
record and no phones allowed at the
table no because I'm I do daily vlogging
soda I get do I get to keep mine thank
you there's so many people in this house
be guiding me in guiding follow that
follow the hot steaming oh those potato
well not that I don't get I'm not head
of table so about yes I get a Lego
minifigure
what you know what your legends welcome
to an unboxing video of my own Oh awful
piece that went flying all right what's
my Lego piece I got let's open it up all
right I got devil whoa okay so fuck you
cuz I've got wings I'm assuming that
I've just unlocked myself the devil with
a Halloween pumpkin yes this is a well
good one I'm happy with this I'm happy
with this very good thank you Thank You
India I got the devil Alice you can be
jealous of my devil minifigure it looks
amazing
oh we do a toast what's another
fantastic meal
on my finger so holy holy Hanukkah and
Halloween all in one I'd like to say
thank you to everybody for getting
together today today okay there's a
fusion she runs all night to be with us
under
- Paula Paula
friends of Lublin cheers thank you very
well appreciated that was definitely a
nice I've been waiting for this meal
ever since I got the text I got the text
excited forgot about it reminded myself
I know yeah
how much would you give you out of town
Oh 9.10 Oh tears go there we get some
milk because we ain't got milk fatigue
and I'm British shall we always need tea
we have the milk I now have a brew in
the best mug ever Thunderbirds oh my
days
also we're now beginning cow chase she
manages so we'll see how this goes it
turns out the fisting man wanted but the
winner
unfortunately the right reasons turns
out that a bigger blacker dick oh who is
that Oh amazing a bleached asshole
slowly easing down to a chicken one
trillion dollars all the gays so how am
i real my main telling my relationship
status what made me laugh the most
sliding on Turkey oh shit when I see
that what came out my butt okay a bucket
of fish heads
mmm shitting out oceans no the placenta
Oh a giant cow Eric I don't know sour
cream
oh wait what's gonna with this regress
rhymes Wow Anil they soak up so what do
old people smell like two midgets
shitting into a book in a windmill full
of corpses
old people smell oh no - a lot of time
oh good I've been being dead for a while
babies I'll give it a card give the card
action well what do you have to say for
yourself case it this is the third time
you've been sent to the principal's
office for an erection that lasts more
than four hours
tasteful side boob blowing someone's
dude
blowing some dude in an alley you ruined
that that was really not delivering Deez
Nuts obesity expecting a verb therefore
vomiting on the floor genital piercings
are blowing some dudes in an alley
the winner is an erection that lasts
longer than four hours your intelligible
dating process began when I joined a
support group of victims of a black half
of Barack Obama
cottaging Oh God the bone is a video
limit boss stuff so why would you know
that's art that's a bit of chill yeah
Castro figure Rick Yuri thoroughly
trauma
again then someone being awesome at sex
hey hard to be AIDS know how does he win
what will always get you laid
being a dinosaur ha ha ha and a
symmetric view Josh I did know you've
got ready
I don't it was like when you said summer
before doesn't want alright so but what
will always get you laid the true
meaning of Christmas nice shit natural
male enhancement having shotguns the
blacks homeless people oh it's one more
Morgan Freeman vice now something you
said without a buzzer just Paget um okay
so the dinosaur ones gray but I laughed
the most of having shotguns for legs
this is that oh she's the best at this
game
bingo dinosaur you get what's making
things awkward in a sauna cock that's
definitely poppers what when you fire
when you fart in a little bit comes out
the swim team all at once
awful brown people the juice that number
base fuck it up all of this blood
terrible ha ha ha coming into picture
what makes exactly the sort of coming
into a vagina yes
looking money can't buy me love but he
can buy me poppies poppies
upgrading homeless people to mobile
hotspots retinal balls haha my
collection of high-tech sex toys my dead
son's baseball honey pieces in a widow
rohypnol yeah I even said a hot one says
boomer a successful job interview begins
with a firm handshake and ends with hmm
Hurley ones body down a hill into stupid
cheese we'll ask our luck Oh Georgie
getting your dick stuck in a Chinese
finger trap when another dick in her
pants politely a successful job
interview begin to the firm handshake
and ends with dying a busy other with
many important things to do a scary shit
really make you too remote it's gone Hey
so he's down to string a successful job
interview begins with a heartburn
pounding an end with his getting your
dick sucking a Chinese finger trap with
another day failing one's body duck no
salla winner is that Oh last two again
so for the record I fell no I led
backwards on this chair and it smashed
into ting great she's glue everywhere
huh don't show up obviously
your grandma's chair yes Oh dummkopf to
be right what no well good job - I likes
you fixed it I'm well impressed I was
leaving backwards on it just split into
two what an event I would have logged it
but my phone battery died
uh-huh you're nailing that mate you're
nailing that great success what is gone
worldly hurts what he's doing to me I
don't know Alice India I don't
appreciate being chopped
oh you licked me okay Cal I don't
appreciate you just uh fuck off fuck
Cissy stop it stop yeah hey wanna dancin
hey one OK by India count you Paula
Alice Alice Alice I better check
yourself before you burn Ellis
we really really wreck Ellis good luck
go fuck yourself
and that was my day actually ended up
being absolutely amazing I really
enjoyed going down for dinner with
everyone and then the fact that we play
cards against humanity' just made it
amazingly rude and just epic so I hope
not too many people got offended by the
video but it's cat against humanity so
to be quite honest I don't really care
if people did it's a fucking card game
that's the top bottom of it so
nonetheless I can wrap up today's blog
and start the new ones so make sure
leave like rain subscribe and I'll catch
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. UK time
because the hours have gone back the
clocks have gone back by an hour Dow so
I don't know whether that means it goes
darker sooner exactly I bought either
way I think my sleep schedules probably
gonna get even more ruined so riperoni
pepperoni me adios
