happy Halloween motherfucker who's nice
a really scary brake light light in it
oh my days this is the proper morning
after the night before sorry what me and
Tom went oh I win join me down at the
pub for a drink then me and Tom went out
and I made the one mistake you never
make on a night out not eaten idiot
another very my stay in England the car
is very moist I wasn't absolutely
amazing night last night like really
really good night good fun good laughs
me and Tom were out the entire time we
apparently went to Manchester like went
to Manchester got to Manchester and by
the time we got there I was that tired
and drunk that I just said I want to go
on so we went all the way there
and then all the way back it probably
cost like 40 quid in a taxi just to get
to Manchester and back so that was
pretty much my night this is a summary
of how much of a waste of my last night
was a full Pete's are pretty much
getting thrown away forty wings and like
dogs that I literally just bought now
and there's atomically petit sir great
the ultimate cure for a hangover Chinese
from the place that I first discovered
salt pepper chicken pieces okay so for
the past 10 minutes I've been sat in my
car because in my house in my house I
don't actually have oh crap the button
to get me back in the house is falling
off my cut down on my keys I can't get
in shit I lied it's in my pocket
so I was saying is I've been sat in my
car for the past 10 minutes because the
internet in the house is terrible
uploading like absolutely terrible at
those speeds so when I upload a vlog I
basically just drive around my
neighborhood with my phone in my in my
car like just charging and using 4G to
upload it so I got I got 2,000 I thought
the video has finished added but I'd
found a place and my drive wreck and sit
with a bower of 4G and then ice at the
head just upload and upload and upload
and I was like we're good we're good
and he did it so that's why yesterday's
vlog was two minutes late because I was
using that so hang on that's we spent
all dates so far moping around feeling
sorry for myself it's 9 o'clock at night
so that's a good thing the height has
been so real for sounds of syndication
I've done toilet all day thanking people
so if you are one of those people out
there who did go and get sons the
syndication volume - I really really
like I said preciate a lot bought I'm
still getting really jealous that I just
missed that firework show so I'm gonna
go get my shoes on go outside and have a
quick sneak and other looks if they're
continuing it about the pleasure of
being joined by Tom McCullar forget are
you doing hmm Wow we're getting there
whittling him down to more enthusiasm
this is the hole me that took care of me
last night because Tom what did i do
last night passed out in a taxi on the
way to Manchester because I'm a great
fucking friend I'm sorry for dragging
you through that you made sure so bad so
we all love Tom a carport right we're
going out and we're going to local pub
and I'm going in the dancer costume so
let's hope they let me in all right
update you let me in update number two
it's difficult to go to the toilet and a
bit of the cream well this one is it
just me what are you doing
this is you Posey right so we're gonna
make know this busted over every alright
I've decided enough turn off it was good
to come in here everyone's seeing it but
I'm Way too fucking high on this thing
my way to our hockey now it was great
everyone sorry but I'm just way to say
in this thing some take now sack who
came best dressed dear tonight
well yours is shit so you can't say
yourself
Oh God it came best as dear me RINO you
came s rest you Tom okay Antichrist are
you an antichrist I don't know but it's
just got some fucking lipstick and put
it upside down cross that he said I was
a fucking four ball back from hostel
you nailed it did you do or did someone
do it for you No look at the effort you
actually look pretty good I get up
so my first outfit died so we're doing
it alone so you burn up achievable
penises what are you doing for five you
get attributable
I look so pretty wait kind of just pull
a move on I just realize how much effort
she's putting into doing this no you
know no penises Jake
that's good this was your version of
fucking you dare ten out of ten no idea
fuck back again I don't know why they're
still awake it's like one o'clock Amani
yeah the good night yeah good night but
I've lost me ask you to get any of that
all right you fucking better not the
night is now consisted of kicking back
the since Kanye West I'm watching Zack
lose a beer pong against Tom Tom oh you
know
okay this is actually not too bad we got
some beer stains from beer pong we got
some empty glasses we got some chicken
we've got a filled dishwasher over there
other than that it all looks clean
really upset with today's vlog because I
really really really wanted to film more
of the dinosaur outfit but it was
difficult to do because one it's a
dinosaur outfit so as I was in it I
couldn't have my phone on me all the
time because if it was in my pocket that
I have to unzip it had to get it out
sort of thing like some of my phone on
the side and I'd always forget my phone
was on the side and then like when I was
filming with the dinosaur off it because
it was so big I couldn't like get the
entire thing in shot so it was a good
costume it was just really bad for me
being able to film or anything like that
so I'm glad we did the drawing thing
luckily the girls at the pub had makeup
wipes so we could just get that stuff
right off I was like well pissed off I
was like I'm gonna look like a drunk
butterfly for the rest of the night but
it was great night I had a good time it
was off until like 6:00 a.m. so I think
so
I am absolutely shattered shattered is
the word a very British word shattered
but I'm gonna be going now because it is
5 o'clock I need to get this vlog loaded
so thank you to everyone who supported
sound syndication the volume is doing
absolutely top-notch more immediate
old-school you call Juhi Chawla then all
right remembers that then you're at
absolutely amazing sorry you know he
died there under yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow for the next daily vlog and I'm
going seeing India again so everyone in
the comments was like we want to see
India we miss India tomorrow you'll get
to see your face so good bye
