this might be the next day when I'm
saying this so this isn't part of the
daily vlog but nonetheless I need to let
you guys know right now that the sounds
of syndication volume 2 is available on
iTunes if you got the first one it got
such an amazing response two minutes
like number one in the charts and all
that sort stuff like it did really
really well and the second one is out
now some amazing mix of music there's
actually a Skrillex remix which is in
there so the fact that we managed to get
hold of an India is to manage to do a
Skrillex remix it's just nuts other
people are asking when it's going to be
out at iTunes so it is officially out on
iTunes right now if searched the sounds
of syndication you'll find it you can
enjoy it and wobble your tits off so go
and get some syndication vol 2 right now
tweet at me and I can take your face ah
the one morning I get up one time the
fog is rolling in and I believe my dad
has arrived so we're going to say hello
to his face and as proof there you have
it I got out of bed before 12:00
therefore it is still the morning that's
it gonna take care of him instant hot
water is amazing option what is he doing
I struggle to get my Audi TT down there
let alone this guy reversing down it
right now in a couple of us we'll do it
that was close that was close that was
close though ah is it really bad thing
oh god no wait go roll it to me
all the berries now Birkenstock there's
method to the madness in this house oh I
just realized I don't have gel in my
hair I'm gonna hopefully go and get it
cut today that's somewhere I usually
don't get it caught Toni and Guy in
Manchester I'm gonna try and see if
they've got appointments available we're
gonna finally get this back and run eggs
I've been back for like maybe a month
now in the UK if that but I'm back and
because christmas is coming up
Halloween's coming apart sort of stuff
I'll be throwing parties in my house so
we need the beer taps to have their
knickers right now they're just spitting
just well this is right but this is
wrong so I don't know who's these belong
to because I cannot see how they are in
any sense shape off on line so no but
welcome to the probably most mysterious
choice of DC's ever made in my life are
you ready are you sure you're ready
introducing the worst maybe decision I
ever made
yeah but you know what I'm gonna wear
them today doing a little bit of reading
about brains and sleeping stuff all that
such a really good book this I'm really
enjoying it I'm only 22 pages in and how
many of I got to go
104 all right so good but either way
these shoes are ridiculously tight I can
feel my ankles swelling because these
are a size 7 and a half and I'm a UK 9
so these are really uncomfortable but I
only wanted to wear them for today so
we'll see how things go and I want to
try and get a haircut
Swift only 50 years into my dad refill
in the beer he broke the beer tap so
he's now hoping it fixes over time my
car looked well ninja us look at it so
beautiful
I still say to this day I don't give
shit to an Audi TT is drunk it used to
be a hairdressers car it used to be a
woman's car now isn't everyone's badass
looking Batmobile car proper moist and
misty outside today
very nice there was indeed two unicorns
in the field today they were actually
like right here earlier but
unfortunately we've missed them
and look at all the water molecules
lingering on my trees hopefully my dad
hurries up because I want to go you
can't say anything about anyone's shoes
today
mine might be fabulous but yours are
outrageous
come on I'll just complain right now why
are they not halloween-themed in German
management
I want a halloween-themed gingerbread
men I'm not going back here I'm going
until the dawn I'm not going back
wit-woo sir oh no more crunchy looking
good rock creamy pocket damned damned
Kenneth oh look at you
damn your clip in the banana jam you
looking fine well your Atkins could take
more than half an hour Theatre
Manchester Park oh yeah see after being
a successful eight we finally made it
Italian guy get in my hair and I
actually also brought my dad is in the
background that's why getting his head
Lac aside and washed right now so I
didn't I didn't go to my usual spot to
get it cocks I just like screw it I want
David venture I'm going to Tony a guy
and get a bit cooked so this is
basically the before um I don't know
it's how you like in the haircut which
is like which is the best one you cuz my
wedding well sure in cool mate listen
all about I didn't want to show you open
up a little bit they're all about cool
this is called Cora that's called
monochrome are cool fuck
kenka sell her yeah she cooked the air
she like she went writing on the side
dead dead dead dead shot I was like oh
my god that's fucking petrifying but
surely quick shots as I got to keep on
going so we'll see if I put some gel in
it if it comes out alright but it looks
alright you know I like it from a
distance go up closer probably
critiquing of anything so it is what it
is
however I think I've got the best shoes
all day just saying even that's a
competition even that's it questionable
well better even that's quick those bad
boys even that's questionable boys ok
yellow but Lacey she saw you kill him
hmm kill him before we went out my dad
broke this let's see if it works now
tada
it does work well in disappointing news
we managed to get it working but then my
dad checked the barrels we just got the
barrels today if like the first time and
which had the browser sometimes like
wait this goes out a date on the 10th on
the 8th of December which means I've got
like November but nobody said it I'd
like a month on like 10 days from now to
be able to drink it was like a cloud
during that which I'll call in that
amount of time then we check the ones
down
and the ones downstairs gon go out a
date in two days so it's like sorry but
I'm capable of drinking 300 pints of
alcohol in two days so unfortunately no
beer in the house I cry every time oh
and what a beautifully miserable wet
gate is in England there is wet leaves
everywhere that might as well be fucking
ice there are slippiest tits this was
the best decision ever I accidentally
ordered another round of beers there and
my dad was leaving with is my lights on
helmet Co everything and now there's
another beer this thing Tommy
this was quite a great success okay yeah
after a night of chilling out with Ken
Tony we then gained Thomas to join the
group also - Ken and Tony I think Tom
Tom probably like the only person the
entire group who understands vlogging to
understand it well he still hates it but
it is with this we go to the pub joining
him with the homies and then hopefully
hopefully going down to Manchester fuck
yourself oh I kind of forgot to vlog the
rest of the night and the weight panned
out was like this went to the pub
completely got drunk which is not good
it's not smart it's not clever but I've
not actually been like when you see me
go to all these parties always adventure
stuff I usually drink so you kind of
drink and you're in moderation drinking
in a sense so you used to the alcohol
but I I had loads to drink that night i
drinking Peroni which is like a strong
drink and consider the UK and I D eat
any food so unfortunately it kind of hit
me like a brick wall so the next day
today I couldn't remember pretty much
anything apparently we got in a taxi to
go down to Manchester I fell asleep in
the taxi on the way down there to go
meet up with these people
on the way down there fell asleep when
we got to Manchester Tom said where we
go and I said let's just go home
so went all the way to Manchester which
cost us loads money and loads of time
but all the way to Manchester fell
asleep woke up said let's go back came
back when I ordered Domino's pizza I
passed out in my bed and I woke up the
next day like where the hell am I
and wiser a full Domino's Pizza by the
side that I've not even touched so that
was pretty much my night I didn't vlog
any of it or something that I did do
that I do remember before I was too
drunk and I bumped into a friend at the
pub and they would tell me about like
this lighting this guy knows he's lying
he's a big fan so I need to walk around
to his house go and say hello
like just a 5-minute walk up the road
went and said hello and all that sort of
stuff so it was a pretty crazy night to
be honest uh from far as what I've
pieced together it was good fun and
that's that's pretty much it I'm sorry I
just didn't block it so pretty hungover
today I did get the fresh haircut I did
show you that in the vlog but I'm very
tired I'm gonna go order some Chinese
food now and I'm gonna go to bed so yeah
it's like four o'clock in the afternoon
so it is where it is but thank you very
much for watching I hope you enjoyed the
first part of it like I need to vlog the
day more because these days where I'm
doing stuff I'm getting distracted with
the stuff that I'm doing so I'm not
actually vlogging it so it's like kind
of I'm being in the moment and not
record at the moment which is not
negotiable that's my job so I will catch
you guys tomorrow for the next day of
looks until then thanks watching and
adios muchachos
