listen boom we're going jump okay that's
not a sentence everyone my mom to ever
say the one youtuber with the most
messed fault sleep schedule ever good
morning Steven and we're gonna go get
you some lettuce my friend but not
iceberg lettuce iceberg lettuce kills
lizards as a pro tip if you didn't know
it never feed a lizard crispy iceberg
lettuce or just iceberg lettuce in
general it will kill them is exiting
outside where it's pitch black and six
o'clock get this leaf off my car on a
mission today we're going getting Steve
the fattiest banquet of food ever
my dad feeds in three locusts a day dead
large ones which is enough and that's
why he's at four like I don't know like
two years now sort of thing but I'm
gonna go and I'm gonna buy him a table
extra today and letting me all of them
because you know like man when you were
kidding you go like to your grandma's
house and leave lights pile you mean
like Isis the best together well I'm
basically spoil Steve today like I'm
pretty sure lizards can't get fat right
made it to where need to be I rang him
on the phone they said they have lots of
food in stock that's what they still do
oh my god that is so cute however it's
just a pooping eating machine look at
this one oh my god that is so cute hello
hello they've got other variants ection
I'm gonna buy Steve not only food but a
new toy for his house I want to get him
a running wheel but I I don't I don't
think it'll catch on I don't think
you'll learn how to use it oh my god
guess how much this is this small it's
called a Boston fern small guess how
much that is right now in the comments
going to show you the price and I will
let you know in five seconds how much it
cost one small fern twelve pounds actor
fuck Steve is gonna eat for days look at
how many I've got I'm going to feed him
these on these daily days but these are
is tree look at them
then frickin hell I like a pet on their
own five boxes of food a pooper-scooper
and a very expensive plant we've got
Steve everything he needs he is gonna
piss tonight Steven I bring food lots of
food I have food for your stay fit so
Steven where is he crazy little ninja
all right hey you hungry are you all out
of food did you run out today don't
worry Steven
I've got you covered know what Steven
that poo right there that you've left
I've got you covered
I'll shift it oh look at his face he's
never seen so much food in his life
you're gonna eat every single one of
them see like a lot of them don't mind
saying I think I've got a pretty good
damn good job with that son that looks
nice look at all the crap that came out
it's all poop schools and just death and
destruction from Steve it over it all
right let's take out this glass because
I'm gonna clean out that as well this is
the air this is what you're gonna do
would have been a dragon you got to make
sure is living in living in a life of
luxury don't we Steven you like it all
this room we need to get you a variant
of I and then put a treadmill in there
and a running wheel and maybe a TV that
plays my vlogs consistently for you to
enjoy so you don't miss my feeding
storytelling with Tom we feed Steve
hoppers large grasshoppers all right
absolutely fat boys the gray so he loves
them I had four tree I've got him
locusts because these are a locust
absolutely massive I hope he eats them
I'm sure he will I can't see why
wouldn't they look pretty much the exact
same I actually thought they were all
locusts but apparently they're not
according to lid now we used to feed
Steve crickets brown crickets like you
get the black ones but he didn't seem to
eat them but brown crickets what we used
to feed him now we have a bought in then
in months I'm as I've am aware we've not
bought in crickets in months and I've
just cleaned out the entire varium
that's what it's called and I found this
Steve do you care to tell me who that is
because this geezer is living in your
house it's probably eating your food
drinking your water and we haven't fed
you creek is it months look it's still
alive it's absolutely frightened
is it it's all your money what was that
what's the fill is it Pinocchio where
it's Pinocchio
little white cricket or something like
that but is that is that is that
Geppetto should be Shira nicknamed it
Geppetto Gepetto's the guy built him I
think
but should we nicknamed him Geppetto the
cricket and we'll leave him alone if you
eat him then that's just kind of mean me
but nonetheless I'm not going to kick
him out your friend can stay as long as
you don't eat him deal good Steve hey
presto Steve's a very amazed looking
nice of me I've moved the log now so
it's facing up so he can climb on this
and bask in the Sun so he's that nice
and hot another might reposition it just
a little bit that way so he can lie
along it here again all the sun rays
from that's basically his son by the way
all right then we've got his food down
here sorry next food is walk down here
which I need to put some in and clean
now need to get some lettuce for him on
the way back and then he can sit on that
and got a rock over there that can chill
it how's that Steve you like is it is it
it's good he jump straight in it was
dead happy about it so as far as I'm
aware he likes it look at the size of
this thing
alright Steven will you take a fancy to
eating a locust I'm just gonna leave it
there for you to just get all my goodies
kind of oh oh yeah mess around oh my a
stick you're a savage did I son look
guys gone oh my days I don't know how to
feed him too much but just because it's
a snack I haven't fed him in a long time
you don't want to get used to hand
feeding animals like this otherwise
we'll just expect the food to come to
them what Steve's used to like going
fight obey look good a glutes and then
bar boys I think no glues I don't flex
it and gluts around your neck I don't
know little sighs yeah Steve work it
alright do another one let's try Steven
get a close-up on oh oh you're gonna go
for this to cook or place SkyDome mmm
mmm alright Steve I'm gonna throw like
three of these in there for you we'll
leave that for a snack today we don't
you get into fat and look at you looking
new
I completely forgot to show you of me ro
calm down I've completely forgot to show
you a Steve seeing his new one kind of
think he's a little bit scared of
exciting he was like wah wah wah wah wah
and then run to the other side of his
cage I think you'll get used to it once
he knows it doesn't walk doesn't talk
and doesn't do anything and if he tries
and eats it it would be like that's not
nice cuz it's like really thick rubber
so we won't be able to eat through it so
that's good but then again he has got
teeth like a dragon so he probably would
but it's made a bit of Dragon so I'm
trusting it's okay I'll keep my eye out
and make sure it isn't here other than
that I'm now going to meet my mom at the
cinemas because we're gonna go watch the
film deal rival if you're wondering if
I'm driving whilst on the phone I'm on
my drive so it's safe don't worry I say
that and then I probably gonna crash
into a wall
ah if you watched yesterday's vlog and
didn't pick up on the fact that I was
joking I cooked that food
it was KFC like the whole part of me
throwing something in the bin was so
when you looked in the bin you would see
the KFC box there so a few people
noticed it but a lot of people were like
real good look cooking book so if you
think click could understand that you're
special
here she is old Casa look at her kicking
back making sure she's in the line so
she doesn't get a ticket she's been
there for ages like it's my Parker I'm
like yeah it's fine it's fine but then
as soon as I film that she had to move
the car now if she parts it wrong again
this is why would you eat my cow love if
you parked it wrong again oh this is
gonna be gold for me all night to take
the piss okay okay it's still pretty
bent to be honest poor I will give her
that to watch the arrival because we
heard it was so good but then like maybe
Jack Reacher but that we've missed that
one
but then the accountants out the account
the how would you say that word that can
counter that Khun mr. yak own him out a
times a vintage kikyo's chicka Tio's we
have look the game in events is too far
and the food's always been a crock a pop
yes but we're gonna go to Chios don't
you want five guys Five Guys five guys
five guys 25 go rock paper scissors five
guys guarantee so don't Rock Paper
Scissors shoot and you go yoni I don't
want to do it rock paper scissors and a
new video rock paper or scissors get it
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
I win five guys alright that ends the
conversation watch Chios even though I
won the rock paper scissors we just
decided we need to waste an hour yeah we
need to waste in an hour not get fast
food being a burger so we're getting
chiquitos instead who's idea higher
cause it to go oh they're gonna come
scooty OHS let's give them a start let's
not give them bread what was they doing
Mexico popcorn ho gone what I'm enjoying
are you enjoying your wait I'm enjoying
your campaign you enjoy waiting so long
yes there we go foods arrived we've got
some crispy tacos to share and a fajita
dish looking pan and mash alike what are
you doing
you've got damn Millenial taking
pictures of your food it's all about
filming your food nowadays filming it
food was good right don't bow to like I
shouldn't he knows I'm going to right
what would you give it how would you
have already got it out of 10 Hey 6.5
know that I think listen is what I
wanted to eat but it's just like this
they weren't a lot on the skewers like
there really wasn't that me that much me
and then the crispy tacos what kind of
soggy because I think they left it on
the side too long with all this awesome
so it got a little bit too soggy so I
give it a six point five taquitos
service as usual was pretty diable as
usual it food food food and that will
consider the accountant really good film
I'm gonna give it it would be like a
really good solid like maybe 10 ish but
I'm gonna give it like a 9.2 and my
criticisms are the plot twist with a guy
in the fire and then the house scene
with the gun on the wall you know the
big one I'm not gonna spoil a few guys
cuz y'all had about it got me what would
you give out a 10 I give it eight eight
half
well I think we just got either that
can't compared to my favorite Alton
what's your all-time favorite American
Gangster ye everyone's got teased my
all-time American my mum's is American
Gangster
and mine is to America will police
difference in taste oh it's another
foggy night look at it it's true
dick you asleep or gay this makes no
damn sense bro here we run today the
weather was nice but now it is dark and
we flip away skirt on to the drab
motherfuckers with a group no earlier on
I was joking about Steve and Geppetto
being friends but Japan's sleeping on
Steve's head what what is good there's
actually a friendship between them this
is amazing
what the hell of a witness in right now
I want to see some fun are between
Geppetto and Steve and by the way I
don't care if the name isn't Geppetto
free in a wild reference to referencing
to earlier it's now staying with
Geppetto so I'd like to see some Steve
fauna with Geppetto one of them being
friends and then one of them sleeping
cuddling up together at night cuz that
is fucking adorable hot idlers if I have
to end this vlog right now because it's
a new day and I'm sorry this vlog was
like hot by 6:00 I'm uploading now I've
been really busy I just actually
received this by buying of your sneak
peak right now wait for it but boom
there's my new bike but I'll be showing
you guys that like I don't know if it's
give you tomorrow's board or the next
day because tomorrow's vlog we're gonna
finally unbox this bad boy and well
excited.i my mom's arrived again so yeah
but I've got going alright so thank you
very much watching make sure you leave a
like great if you do make fan out please
make some really cute like cute fun ah
send it me onto a app Pro syndicate I'll
be sure to check out if there's some
really good ones we might send you some
syndicate swag mainly some signed
posters woo so until then adios
