I woke up in the house cuz I can no joke
is something like mud attacking my house
and I don't know the hell's going on I
found it that crow has been attacking my
window no joke
I could hear like World War 3 smacking
my window it's a fuckin crow he actually
woke me up by banging my window what the
fuck
cuz the size of it yeah ma'am this is my
gaming so it's a bit dodgy right now
because it's not fully uh : jelly
no the tellers are mine I've had these
like over yours but we now can finally
put on some use but yeah went out and
bought all these consoles these white
things or Xboxes and me and all me mates
now player played the games we played we
play the games man we wish him you enjoy
that lollipop there yeah it took him two
seconds of walked in this room to find
the the bowl of sweet didn't Joe take
one for the road you can just one more
for the road we strapped along I'm like
damn it's misting all of a sudden I saw
smoke moving like in the distance and oh
my gosh a wild hog hello there hello
that you and a hello they can't get
their attention that's a that's a solid
no you could still pass it around and
I'll be back I'll be back with a carrot
watch this space
let's see if I can feed them a carrot
it's horses but a goddamn appreciate
what I'm doing for him
no everyday someone just pulls up says
so boss then bring some carrot who sadly
seeing no whole big carrots which is
exactly
I want so this is extremely
disappointing I think the Caribbean but
the carrot I think there has to be a bit
the stuff if I tried to figured it baby
fucking carrots
mate did even matter anyway the horses
have gone to bed cheeky bastards ladies
and gentlemen we're gonna be doing some
more cooking today we're gonna need this
on what's the highest it can go 250
degrees Celsius the reason why is
because we need this hard shit because
this food is me so fast you'll be so
impressed oh no I think in here did this
even go on last night yes it did aerate
it no no it didn't this clearly didn't
go on there's a fucking weight still
attached fruit for fuck's sake as a
baking tray I'll have lots of clanging
and banging wait whoa why the fuck is
our smoke coming out just what the hell
that means there's something a cap it
must be when where's and everyone cooked
in my house the other day they must have
got food on this light black thing
therefore it's burning whatever is on it
right now cuz it smokes everywhere turn
the extractor on to get rid of it don't
use that one let's luckily use the other
oven I have so we're not gonna burn the
house down hopefully this was going to
be fast food not burnt food so we're
going to have this done correctly and
proper to turn off off thank you alright
so we're going on the oven on we're
gonna want that on our there you go 250
degrees again and we're gonna let this
warm up because before we know it food
will be on it today I've been frying the
fries we're looking nice all that was a
I was an MLG wait why is this one why is
this one green what the hell they're
almost done as you can tell is just a
lot of shit a little bit longer and
we'll be ready to rock and roll
let's see how the food in the oven is
doing looking Mady bad I I battered the
chicken don't want to let all the yeah
but add the chicken it's now looking
pretty nice and neat this part the gravy
should be done oh it's looking mighty
fine alright so I think we need one more
minute in that we're done picking that
cooked it's done
Oh got a bit of lettuce on the side Oh
sham pony's branded in the red oh my god
what am i played I can't burn that I put
that there and then let's put that there
and if all you know we could turn this
we could show this into a sandwich
already think about that we put that on
there oh my god look at ours looking
you're mine now we're ready are we ready
or look that's looking good man I've
done such a good job it didn't take me
long to them is it hot always fucking
off to butter up the chicken it was
pretty damn easy you know I had that
corn flour I feel this oh look at that
oh my oh yeah proper meal that is I'm
getting good this cooking it wait was
that all gone it's gone under they're
getting good at this cooking game now me
all right and for the final touch a bit
of gravy okay my own special brand of
game this is up this is the optional
cubes you guys gave me a promise
okay it has to be throw this on here bit
of that oh look at that bit of gravy
that's gradient world√≠s mmm delicious
alright I'm gonna throw the fries on
there look at that but you know what
ever since I did that one cooking lesson
told you guys how to make super noodle
sandwiches and then some pub chicken
pieces and then I managed to cook
chicken twice and then add just up with
some red laying around I made a sandwich
and then I fried some fries up mate I um
I'm getting good at this
I'll get really good this end down the
sides whilst waiting for the meal to
cool down and then we should be good to
go
you're like I have to film this 166
we're lost to 200 let me show you the
score
I went 59 and 26 and played the
objective like fuck me and Tom tried so
hard I teamed it absolutely how did we
get be there seven defends seven defends
if you play domination on college you
guys you're supposed to capture live
that ejected and defend them our team
just didn't know that we'll wrap up my
daily Call of Duty rant for today five
o'clock in the morning right now and
apparently it's like a super moon or
something it's really cloudy and foggy
okay so I can't see anything not to mood
inside
let's open up my better camera on the
back of this it might do something
interesting but turns out no not so much
as usual it's just another miserable day
in England by the past three days it's
done nothing but rain and then at now be
foggy look this looks like a UFOs landed
you see that light in the distance
there's a house being built up the road
and this is middle of the night and
they've got security light on it's like
deter people going on it as I'm Alana
um but yeah just look at it in the fog
how creepy does that look looks like
this UFO coming over and before you like
Tommy you sure that's not the moon trust
me it's not the moon ah you remember the
whole effort with a spoon and the other
rice pudding yeah forgot about it and um
it can went funky it looks kind of like
macaroni whispering he's got fucking
injuries where is it where is it
what it's harassing me it's fucking
harassing
just go away no come back
I don't want Achille that's the thing
he's gone fine we it's got like two kids
I refuse to kill it everyone thinks I'm
going crazy but this Crow has harassed
my house for like two years around a
window right there's like a black seal
around the window and all around my
windows every single window throughout
my house they've eaten the rubber off to
the point where waters probably start
leaking into my house because of eating
it but yesterday I heard boom boom boom
by the window and I genuinely thought
someone was breaking into my fucking
house like full-on full-on like turn on
the security cameras I get ready to
fucking Rumble like fuckin ready to ring
the police all that sort of shit and it
turns out it was the fucking cars like
both suicidal headbutt in my house oh no
man what but why is it why is it waking
input now plus seven in the morning I I
don't get it what is it I'm so confused
it woke me up again
it just attacked my house
I see
this is unreal what is he doing okay
look at it it's just here to harass me
listen to how noisy its bangers may this
crowd doesn't give a fuck
see just scare it under house you scare
it yeah shut yourself there did you look
at you fucking idiot do you get he can't
see the glass window there can you this
that's what you get for own back look at
it it can't see the glass
yeah he's the idiot now me the one who's
awake at this time and I are you that's
what I thought
yeah beaten by glass the smartass crow
that keeps waking me up got stuck by
glass you fool oh yeah oh now you found
your way out did you yeah that's right
dickhead don't come back see I've
promised not to kill it but I can't
threaten to not not scare it off and I
do feel kind of bad that it got stuck
against glass because it could've broke
his beak but the same time who gives a
fuck because it smashes beak against my
glass ear piece of shit bird sill
piggies its massive
I am so glad I got that caught on camera
and it woke me up so I could film it
because it's like this bird is harassing
me harassing me again I do feel bad that
it got stuck but at the same time I'm
not gonna shoot the bird because it has
a family I just want it to go away
I probably will end up getting some sort
of Crow or scaring devices like that but
it's never done this at all like it's
never done this like going banging on
the windows Yentl steel like the trim
off the windows like the rubber seals
around the windows but they've never
liked a tap the window just like a flat
head but in it it literally you're sorry
it just head what's the middle of the
win
no just to make noise and sometimes like
when it's it hits the windows in my
basement the sound travels all at my
house and wakes me up and I'm like oh my
god here and then he makes his way up to
there and then one day is probably at my
bedroom window setting my balcony I try
to wake you up as well so I am
legitimately get it's like one of them
things you hear about like in TV shows
like I'm being harassed by a picture
whereas I'm being harassed by a fucking
two foot tall crow so yep there you go
there's proof and evidence that I'm not
going crazy in that it is actually
happening so until tomorrow guys thank
you very much watching make sure leave a
like great subscribe and I will see you
guys next time adios
