there's a Buddha guru she got a Buddha
jeopardy quarter to five in the
afternoon
I've just got out bad dad thoughts
opinions decisions lazy today we need to
open the GoPro Hero 5 in the session and
GoPro Hero 5 black and I'm not gonna do
like a quality test I'm just gonna check
them out and see what they look like
upon gonna dip this under walk was the
Bofur but waterproof now so give them a
little dive in the pool or something and
see how they work before we do anything
today I am taking this vehicle right
here dropping off my desert train
station so he can collect his I am now
known as a taxi driver the pleasures of
this tree it's an endangered tree so we
can't remove it therefore its needles
fall on my car on a daily basis so I
have needles and needles and needles
it's great I also have a guest today
hello mr. moth would you seem to be
doing on my window you mind flying
escape before Oh God you could do it and
you crash into a wall drunk I'm sorry to
say but you're like the worst moth I've
ever seen you are literally the worst
moth ever what do you call this a B here
Ali I even let yourself first I beat you
I beat you I beat you I'll let you go
first
first time for everything I didn't get a
sarcastic comment realistically there I
actually cut it you get you actually
gave me the win I'm impressed
ah you've got to say Tom's the best dick
no please can I come in say the words
sums the best please can you damn right
you can get in that what how the hell
with 1 2 3
I don't think that classes again 3 games
installed on my xbox one how the hell
have I used up 93% of the memory what
kind of time I forgot that the because I
got the ps4 slim I forgot the Xbox
brought out their xbox slim so I might
go to game and pick that up because I
need another console for down in the
cupboard so you see I've got my
PlayStation there but normal PlayStation
on my xbox I might move them to
downstairs into that spare room and then
bring the Slim's up here so it kind of
saved some space so that might be a
little proud of today I didn't go out
and get it I stayed in all day her Alice
stopped watching porn
and sales pitch the new shirts we put it
on you you do it oh I didn't see you
there
oh I just happened to be wearing the
brand new syndicate Rijal shirt
what are we calling it alright I think
says ladies John welcoming faces to the
brand new syndicate 1 3 3 7 design we've
got a little secret ingredient down here
got a load of cheat codes goal of a
syndicate swag just like wargaming
references up here Alice wasn't coming
out everyone is it sure brother yeah how
sure okay that was not confident at all
and wait a minute Alice what were you
about to say about posters posters no
one how we're okay Alice isn't what are
you give me what you stopped working on
me what you're doing you weirdo I'm not
sad you see get off me set right mom
yours your turn model the posters all of
them get all the ones that are on set
monkey all the ones that are on sale mmm
what's this well this is the wolf poster
this what we're naming it whoa some
amazingly dope fun uh right now I have
to say absolutely don't what this is
called wolf what wait what's going on
that that's before my big all is show me
before and after so some did my bed like
this cuz that's how shit my bed looked
and then we photoshopped the bed looks
like spot the difference he trimmed me
but it's each room a bit of it yeah this
is like a rare collector's edition one
next up we have the royal poster it's on
sale now yeah so if you want to get
yourself a roll post that wait put one
of each here put one of each of each
poster I'll sign it and if someone buys
a poster you get the chance to get a
signed one and if you don't actually
want it signed just send it back we'll
replace it yeah whoa we then got the
origins design thinking of releasing
this is a limited edition t-shirt just
because it's like one of my favorite
favorite designs gonna sign one of these
as well put it down put it down put down
wait are we giving this one away are we
selling this one yeah I'm gonna wait
real
that's nice well it's like random
chances for people to buy a poster and
get the chance to get this
limited-edition dodgy bid one else I
write like a cool little Easter egg no
on that and then let life's too short
poster oh look at that so fancy it's so
nice also must have shout out to
snackage axe snap reject the shit and
then the last but not least danger Tom
that's not the last Eddy oh my god I
know Tom as well
copyright I'll base what's wrong with
your face you look like death no level
because your black hoodie you look like
Grim Reaper attacked by pencil bitch
okay write set sell it mum set what's
written on it I've already signed it
pre-signed they don't all come priests I
know this is limited dis your ma sell it
go lay down Oh Tom picture we say to
ears fuck this is the best father in
business you guys have ever seen in your
life I give you ten out of three for
sales pitch skills need to point out low
wow fun
no one knows whether it's a real fast
no don't mention more testicle right the
thing in the little bubble start testing
are you talking about it's a little dirt
pace
it's one of my twitch memes you heard it
here first I like always not like seven
o'clock at night I came to the
restaurant to get a chicken
was it Peri Peri Peri chicken occasion
chicken baguette at the restaurant and
I'm all on my own I'm not filming you
I'm filming me front facing camera we're
now going to do a taste test review of a
Guinness and black okay
smells nice beautiful
anybody wanna lend me and hound
No so what started offers just being a
baguette and a pint of coca-cola which
cost a small mortgage of three pounds
for a pint
absolutely ripoff I then decided to get
a pint because I literally have nothing
else to do for the day apart from play
battlefield and it's 8 o'clock at night
so I've wasted my day again well that
was a nice little trip I was like I'm
just gonna quickly pop down there go and
get your chicken baguette which was like
really it's basically it's my version of
getting fast food that isn't bad for me
and I don't have to drive that far to go
to Nando's because the chicken that was
serves in the baguette is actually
really goddamn good so save myself some
money some time some distance and I get
to see my homing and what we also
managed to point out is when we're gonna
throw our Christmas friends like dinner
sort of thing so where's professional
chef absolutely awesome Lidia super cool
server I think is the way to describe
her job I'm sorry she dropped out
University and now she's a server so
professional server we shall call her so
Wes is gonna cook Lydia is going to
serve the food and me and 13 people are
going to be Christmas dinner at this
place
I'm just going to listen to Christmas
music kick back chill its give me good
vibes with good people and basically
just good terms but I got to wrap up
today's vlog because I through parts of
yesterday's vlog in today's vlog in
today's vlog and yesterday's vlog so I
hope you enjoyed it nonetheless make
sure you leave a like rate and subscribe
and I'll catch you guys tomorrow the
next day the vlog so until then thanks
for watching and adios to your face
