three two one go nail it getting to look
a lot like England every time it rains
to Lord Odin hoping for the love of God
that these are the correct cables that I
need for my computer screens I've got
three just in case I think I only need
two but having a spare one I think it's
a good idea also I've decided I actually
hate the iPhone 7 because the camera app
constantly keeps crashing so I actually
want to get rid of it you dare try and
tell me that this doesn't like a nuclear
bombs gone off then you're drunk okay
because look at it that is crazy the
sunset just completely lit up all this
guys are rushed to get back to my house
just to see the song saying cuz thighs
absolutely gorgeous this was the problem
I had the other day and apparently Dave
ovary is showing me that I can open a
can with a spoon now watch this video
see how he does it and if he actually
does it I'm go downstairs myself and try
it except it doesn't work Dave that's a
shame anagen can alright
I'm calling you out so give me give me
give me like woman it was it won't give
me one give me one minute for well okay
good fucking works I'm gonna go
downstairs and try and open a can of
rice pudding because Davey shows it can
work how to open a can in an emergency
life are like life hack Wi-Fi let's do
it beta day so I have set food and said
can what I'm supposed to do is put this
spoon as grip tight as possible and rub
it against that inner ring like all that
horrible feeling that like I feel like
oh oh oh I don't know why I don't when I
scratch that it makes my teeth feel like
my teeth are being grinded but I've got
scratched on a try and see what it
open-source give this a go alright so
just go rub it without piercing my hand
I'm proper going in on it to say the
least
oh I want to say I'm kind of into the
can
I kind of I'm kind of in there oh my god
oh whoa
I actually got through to it Dean so
they've got I put a hole in it and now
apparently you just use the edge of the
spoon to cut around it but I don't know
how much damage I did to the spoon so oh
I'm upside it on No hey guys it's guru
okay so I got in the can but it didn't
quite open us successfully as Dave's did
I'll show you my camp not quite
successful as you can tell I was
supposed to I don't cut myself up you
see that line there on the outside I was
supposed to cut around that with the
spoon but instead my spoon when haywire
and decided to cut straight for the
middle of the Campbell I don't actually
want this right now I'm gonna put that
in the fridge for later so good goodbye
oh yeah oh yeah this is this is rubble
these were about school like Cod friends
that we we we have lost many of
friendships between each other playing
ecology or in the past because when I
was going through puberty and I always
got called squeaky bollocks and he's
ginger so I can still pick on into that
but I'm not going to because we're
friends now
but I hope anyway we got this set up you
like it out of 10 would you give
yourself an awesome fuck yeah Rumble
Musto Fung well who what what that we
what we brought in follow our you know I
can't follow I song with you isn't it
what what oh it's all cool okay so we
just had an incident where I nearly got
done for fucking theft of an apple I
started to eat in the Apple in the store
and went to like code it in but before I
coated it in we went to pay and I forgot
to pay for the Apple so one a nearly
Nicky Apple and then when Reggie Polly
just Craig David Craig David yeah this
sound dinner even director
just created I don't know why I'm in a
fucking drift king of Harlan
do you even know what DK stands for oh
cool Donkey Kong but yes I'm gonna put
the Apple down when I put it down here
we see rubber with is a Oh best garri
headset you're like wait Jack Thomas
trying with these uh iPhone headphones
looking good looking good and Rhyno
Ellie all right wait a minute what is so
kernel beach is abundance house Raider
project Ray's a product on which slot
fucking piss head Beckham ages to walk
three steps in my house and smash a
bottle a bit you're fucking useless we
go water the bass shenanigans Oh meows
smells that what were you doing here
help yourself straight to this we've got
the part yet
hello we've got like the drinking food
alcohols up here and then you roll down
to the basement this is exactly how it
is house and then you roll down to the
basement and then you've got the one sir
okay are you losing oh it's one two he's
getting a little bit tense but now this
is perfect cuz then you got a oneself
downstairs so very very happy with this
even more brownie fights you you're just
a fucking living legend you you hear
stop and fucking fire couch yesterday
and your foot today but thank you
brought um-hum so thank you very much
you can stay up yeah well yeah that's a
fair fight Sam just said everyone comes
here except always got shit loads of
alcohol in this house but no food so
Becky's brought curly fries
I know I'm not so well impressed
either way yet you know I know I'm
custard and cuspid cheered me and you
know I was supposed to be social yeah
I'm gonna play video games in the
basement bye where's you on we were made
slave even and this kids is why you
don't drink alcohol okay Wesley we're
playing called you you show you an
offense day ya know Call of Duty - why
Cannot you Timmy where's my Thompson and
we liked it it rhino rum Oh Tom do we
like the setup this is gonna look so
much better over time this is going to
be looking incredible this this is the
start of everything that said my fire
alarms gone off twice I'm gonna see
what's going on through the fuck's
burning the house down
yeah I've been funny Jack it's almost
probably good that it's like a sketchy
set up rather than dead professional
because I can see like drinks getting
spill things gained smashed all that
sauce shit so i will over time upgrade
it definitely but for probably right now
it's the best that isn't in his peak of
performance i think what's going on
right now is they washed but there's a
rule so he has two shots to be able to
get this one glass if he misses yes
drink that glass and two shots I don't
know what's going on it right Greg right
got two shots of trying guess if you get
it in
I came out came out came out oh my god
alright alright you've got if you don't
get the same yeah I can't believe that
happened
you're sure no way
Tommy's ok Greg it's okay it's not babe
in the most intense finish ever all
right unfortunately Tom and Gregg get
your ass to fuckin ban get two shots
down
well this sucks after chewing gum sweets
and all sorts of stuff for about a year
a year seriously yeah I know this is
disgusting but my my fucking rootkit oh
my god don't go down my root canal buddy
I'm gonna show you think about to get
weights if you like well there that just
came off oh I bit into a strawberry pear
emote I felt something hard and my
mother was like what the fuck is that
and my tooth came off that has not come
off in a whole year it pops back on that
easy but it still sucks oh whoa I just
got a tweet of some symbol and saying
he's in the bedroom
dad you fucking donkey dad Tomica
weather what the hell is wait a minute
these are my fucking sausages about from
Tesco today this was a full part in half
a mug on there's one but Tom McCallum is
walking around with a fucking peep so
where is it what are you doing
Tomica my feet sing is it get
it what a dick
are you okay Tom yeah okay like live
drive you've all been shitting the bed
upstairs and it stinks where you sucked
can you to look at me for a second
explain what the fuck is going on in
summary there are fog tent - afro model
we see these thrown up tend to Diaz or
or someone how are you also drunk how
many one sober person here all right
that's the king the flower water is a
bad idea it's not plant food in it you
so did he just say I'm not drunk and he
just drank that Tommy that the game in
doing yeah I've a lot the commander does
it eagleson art Mike with that that's
the normal does it and there is the
golden does it you go there nice oh shit
we've got like one more fight in the UFC
till kind of a Gregor's fight in but
down here in the basement your boys been
grinding like a mother trucker if we go
to my barracks just finished my last
game to get me 55 enough XP to be able
to prestige so I'm about to enter
prestige and these are my stats right
there 11:55 commander score per minute
404 it pretty impressed with that did
the first procedure them to 24 hours
happy about that I dad did do some mess
about games my friends
it's like in the next procedure I'm
going to try and fly through that one I
realized that the best like the best
like thing to play by far such a destroy
his parade but dominate you shouldn't
get like a thousand score per minute so
devil play domination but are you ready
for this before my battery dies my phone
prestige prestige activate prestige do
we do it do it
I'm what we did like probably did it
with sound effects but I didn't bully
here it's I think well there we go
I have no prestige fucking stoked and
it's time to get
grind on to the next fucking one I will
see you soon as finally 6 a.m. the UFC
is about to start the kinda McGregor
match Sammy's gonna win I think you want
to win I'm absolutely trotty
Jackie's gonna win from the behind of
throwing like a tiger we all think
McGregor's gonna win tell you what we've
been waiting all night let's go Burma
the fighting the fact that you are have
been drinking non-stop since you got
here till then is mad meanwhile I've
just been grinding out God's prestige
well it's a control Oh
got that Duncan oh hey don't draw that
Doug Doug yes I called first round force
will be wrong fucking about him in a
second poor guy bucks chin night
glass fucking chin look economy yes
ma'am so stop Yaffe but I do wish you
would've gone long ago oh fuck it half
6:00 in the morning
not a peep out up but nonetheless I'm
sorry for Gregor's got it lads I'm gonna
wrap up today's vlog I've started the
new day I'm feeling good feeling fresh
and hopefully this went up one time if
it did great stuff I just want to do a
quick thing right now that all the
syndicate original orders we're going to
start going out as soon as possible but
there's been a crazy crazy amount so
we're gonna try our best to get them all
out on time for you guys don't forget
your moron linked in the description and
put tomorrow work here's a teaser I'm
out for dinner let me grab that Alice
and Cal who's sober now and you can't on
account all right so I'm gonna wrap up
now guys thank you for watching much
love your faces it's hard
