Oh baby look at this for a new design
how amazing is that looks so damn good
Alice you did good kid you did good but
this is the brand-new royal design that
we've got we've got it coming out in
black they've got it in white and then
we've also got it in we're gonna call it
black black red more Nicole I'll open
this up as well so you can see I don't
want to get out bad boy it's two o'clock
in the afternoon so I really should whoa
das east cold does is very cold the car
is looking even more bad jogging today
but nonetheless we're going nice having
breakfast at my dad's house mean it's
nearly three o'clock in the afternoon
and we're having a fry up the bomb
here is the brand new line of designs
that we've got coming out wait a minute
les what is that what is that look at
these bad boys Alice come on come on
workers down the line of what we've got
over here Alice doesn't want to be in
the vlog today but she can be our voice
from above all right as what we got here
this is the new lead crooner call a
beautiful look at the design on the arms
sleep good nice and square okay
beautiful beautiful I like it all the
detail all the detail then we've got
over here much much a t-shirt game I'm
going black as well
damn Daniel and then I got and then we
got my easily favorite just just hands
down the white rod is and look at that
we went through thousands of pictures of
lines didn't work together the perfect
meanest line for Sydney original brand
look at it look at it raw raw yeah and
what is this brand-new risk funds and
all those crazy for these things
we got all black got black and purple
we got all buckle got black no yeah we
got black blue and white we've got great
I'm back this is difficult now and we've
got blue I'm like oh turquoise and white
but look at all that the lineup is here
looking mattifying so if you want to get
yourselves one of these guys and
especially in time for Christmas make
sure you get yours today
it's syndicate original okay ah I'm so
proud of you none of this would be
possible without my sister me Mom Evan
and Courtney you're all amazing look at
this book it's so good this is the
perfect breakfast to have at this time
in the afternoon thank you Ken district
written for
I got something yeah tomorrow's there on
that yeah me they've got the right kind
of tomorrow I was 12 at a fry-up
I want them big ones that I like then
war Orion tasty shh shh
get out of here what what a beer beer
this time in the morning usually where's
your bin Jeanne morning morning I don't
Joyce happened it
well Tommy more it's three o'clock in
afternoon I'll give you that they're not
jails the day we relocate Steve to my
house for two weeks I hope you survive
in my house let's go let's do this ha ha
ha ha look at it is like what is
going on
you can tell it's cancers in fear listen
you gonna be ok don't worry all right
can leave this poster you keep all your
heating we're going to my house Steve oh
my god it's so cold in his car I'm
wearing a t-shirt for some stupid reason
and he's cold as outside so rather
than getting out going in a warm house
I'm gonna wait for my dad to turn up at
my house with Steve and until then I'm
gonna sit on the AC on maximum heat
efficiency for my nipples now I've seen
my dad do this turn probably a million
times but whatever he's done this time
he's completely balls this up cuz he was
gonna crash into that wall or fall off
the edge of the cliff because it's a
cliff down there and no joke my dad's
still trying to Park this van to
the point where I'm like what is he
doing this is the worst driving I've
ever seen my dad don't know I just got
up from play modern warfare remastered
and all of a sudden I forgot Steve was
here ok is love in the mud absolutely
loving it I've got a candle on top so it
doesn't smell the room and obviously
gotta thank my dad for bringing me a
beer I'm not gonna drink that because
it's flat I've chips
hello mr. Steve moon are you alright
mate are you ready for your first meal
it more halves are you supposed to go
and have dinner at my sister's house
tonight because Thursday's we're one
second one of you drawn one of these
glasses is where we're all supposed to
spend time with each other but I tried
ringing you know to speak to it to see
what's I'm reading and she just never
rang me back and she doesn't text me or
anything so because it's so much later
on in the night now I'm assuming that
I'm not
dinner with them so kind of upsets
finish time for a brief snack I'm gonna
take a candy cane and a chocolate dip if
you never had these as a kid let alone
have them as an idol you've never lived
your damn life I'm telling you I just go
my god I just remembered the choc dips
but that had the white icing in it
instead of the chocolate I see in all my
days I used to go swimming like with my
friends and when we used to go swimming
the use to be like 25 P apart so you
take a quid and get four of them like
two chocolate ones and two white ones oh
my gosh best snack quite possibly much
Alton because today's agenda we have
three extra large locusts that are pre
packed for your delicious face I'll put
more ridges to see if is tempted by
hunger are you tempted by um oh my gosh
look at the quality of this camera it's
incredible i Steven I'm gonna do this
teat like teamwork okay are you hungry
yes or no
yep oh my gosh Savage did I'm not sure
how lazy Steven is because I've just
thrown one in over there and he doesn't
even seem to be bothered by it
okie dokie Steven so what I might do for
him is I might build a staircase rump
like here and inside so if you want to
when I'm in the office I can just open
it up and you can just crawl around the
room because it's got one before he in
and it's just a really nice warm room in
general so you can just cruise in and
out like a boss would you like that
Steven would that be a great idea or
would it be terrible now the thing is
Steven should recognize yourself I know
that the TV's different but it's the
same desk same keyboard put bipod mouse
everything around here is all similar
things that he's seen from his little
lizard childhood growing up so hopefully
it feels at home because it's like the
same sort of vibe and then I'm gonna
like walk him round here and then put
him in front of his thing so you can see
the entirety of this room you like it
Steve it's actually called his name is
Steven but I like calling him Steve for
short like I'm called Thomas ball we
call call me Tom all right Steve I'm
gonna pick you up don't worry just put
my hand underneath you so you safe there
we go all right all right Steven welcome
to your room this is where you live this
is where I work and basically also live
we're going to put you back inside here
so
you need okay I can show you the world
something something something oh my god
I wonder what would happen if I put
Steve on a glass floor
okay Steve don't freak out okay it's
perfectly safe I promise I promise
you're okay you're okay
you okay thank you whoa you're like a
 it can pretend is a dragon
I don't think you'll be able to walk
very much though because of a glass
globe oh I wonder what he's feeling
right now I wonder if I went underneath
the floor what you think about it okay
I'm just chilling I missed it so much
okay wait what are you doing oh my gosh
I should just leave him there
like when I throw pies and stuff cuz
then people be like why is there a
dragon look at the size of him look at
his little belly the black line is for a
dragon look at his claws it looks
incredible
I really want to see him like try and
move sort of thing but I think you'd
honestly just stay there because in his
mind it must be like why the am i
floating right now this is the craziest
thing so far right now Steve is sat
there like on a glass because he's not
gonna walk in something because I
genuinely think he thinks he's floating
cuz if I pick him up right right it
holds onto me like this and if I go to
put him down it doesn't put his hands
out or anything like he actually tries
to back up or as if I tried to put him
on on this look at that look at that
that is so we'd obviously to him that
looks like a big drop but like it just
mad yeah we look at me like that far
he's looking back at it like you ever do
that to me again me I will slice you in
your sleep
good well okay you want some food or not
you can't just sit there like a dog
gonna be you're gonna you know earn your
keep in this house come it don't go that
way by the way dangerous a staircase
wouldn't advise it three o'clock enough
on four fawning three o'clock the
morning I find myself in the same
position in life what to eat I had
breakfast with my dad and I didn't eat
anything for the
the damn day so unfortunately today
because it's past midnight all the shops
are closed I don't have any food in the
house like we get one step forward with
learning how to cook and stuff like that
and now I don't have any food to cook
that I can't eat so yeah and I really
really want to open that new monitor but
I can't open it to like the sixteenth
tomorrow I told you guys I'm doing like
a sponsored deal with LG so soon we're
gonna be opening that I hate to admit it
but the only thing that is in my
cupboards to be able to eat is it not so
cute I'm just giving you Evan we mix
this this will do as a as a snack and
and hopefully my food looks as good as
either this or this I guess oh my God
look at the focus look focuses on that
focus is on this focus is on that focus
is on this oh my gosh that's real good
still don't know the full potential of
how good this phone can be over than the
fact that I do wish and I'm being honest
with you right now I'm coming clean I
wish I would have got the Google pixel I
wish I woulda got that the the
front-facing camera looked mad HD
everything about it looks mad HD but and
to everyone it's like you push a bitch
with your iPhone you get get a
Samsung listen listen let me let me let
me explain this all right let me let me
just come on come on it's with you guys
again I have all my family using iPhone
and I travel to America so you see our
message is so convenient
some of them use whatsapp but half the
rest of my family don't use it at all
it's so good for FaceTime it's good for
what's up so I don't want to use
anything else other than my message and
all that sauce stuff so it's someone can
work out a way to pour iOS 10 on a
Google pixel phone right then I'll
change to a pixel until then we're
sticking with an iPhone I know it sucks
but it's just the way it is no but
really if someone could put RS 10 onto a
Google pixel phone please let me know I
will do it immediately and we will have
the best combination of phones ever if
you want to get one of these guys
they're on sale right now syndicate
Region comm links down description you
guys know that this clothing line is
literally hands-down one of the top if
not the best clothing lines out of any
YouTube is my blog that's biased as
because you it's your company know is
as you can see all the people's clothes
in line and you're like right okay hmm
but this this is a family-run company
that we've done nothing but put out the
best designs possible and just try
everything in our power to make it
bigger and better for you guys so to
everyone who's a syndicate original
collector massive love and respect for
you guys if you've ever limited this an
addition designs in the past thank you
so much for this book you've helped us
get to the point we're at today make it
amazing designs like this so massive
shower for Evan for whipping this bad
boy up
looking so sexy damn L is syndicate
original stepping it up even now our
pocket line for I know it's like the
simplest of thing even though I'll pack
it for our wristbands and stuff comes
with custom branding on it hey sir
