you okay mate now I was gonna look
through my collection and find the raw
t-shirt to show you guys the new show
that comes out tomorrow but I don't but
instead I have this that I can show you
which tomorrow ladies and gentlemen will
be coming out on The Syndicate original
website this is the elite crew net
jumper we got the beautiful design down
the arms we got beautiful design on the
front with all the sneaky handwriting in
there and so dope so this is coming out
tomorrow if you want one prepare for it
also not only does coming out the raw
design t-shirts come now I'm sure you
guys have seen on like my social media
by now it's one with a real life liner
it looking badass as hell that comes out
tomorrow as well so we got the leaked
design and the raw t-shirt so if you
want to get something for Christmas
being the syndicate regional swag then
make sure you get it ordered tomorrow
when it comes out get it had let me know
you got a can thank you on Twitter make
sure you tag it syndicate original when
you place your order so I can see it and
that way we'll be able to thank you guys
in person so I want to see everyone
Christmas this year
absolutely swagged out with cynic
original to their tits mmm what a good
day to wake up did all that cooking
yesterday I completely forgot my cleaner
came today so the kitchen looks like new
yes thinking I was gonna wake up but
everything was gonna look like a potato
and smell like chicken and instead it
smells like fresh clean oh god that's a
with a bowl we open up my drawing secret
draw and receive a spoon the cupboard
today we are going to age pops of coca
gonna eat a hell of splash of milk
perfect idea the vlog should be up on
time right now I have a secret box
behind me that's not so secret it's a
brand new LG monitor like I don't even
think it's out yet so I'm gonna doing a
sponsored video soon if you're boxing
that because I've got lg monitor
upstairs but I'm switching it out fuzzy
bronze new one but before then we're
going out for dinner with my granddad so
we need to work out one where my coat is
too and my keys out three where my wall
is I'm assuming all of those things are
inside the coat oh this is great this is
so great this is so oh yeah okay great
good job Frank good job you officially
raped my car that's amazing my car looks
like a fucking Hedgehog
today we're on a dinner date with a good
Fred
of mine are you doing all right dad
come on in let's talk politics Trump
born I know I did Oh Dino oh yeah ah
I'll put in a clip now of my granddad
yesterday talking about white autumn was
gonna win by a very comfortable mod he
did he did everyone shocked everyone of
the worlds like odo meanwhile I'm
British it I'm like okay wait look at my
car it's a hedgehog it got covered in
these pines I loved it I loved it under
the tree last night a bit too far it's
all just fallen on it all right you
ready to get a nice dinner inside you
yeah come on around proper good I bring
my grandad to see
where's at the grapes and he's not even
working today so doesn't matter we're
still gonna get great food anyway hope
you're paying for this dinner
yeah alright then okay I'll take one of
them I'll take one of them and one of
them all of it now that is what you call
a meal yours looks good man looks bare
just saying and some fries fairness even
though I'm disappointed where's wasn't
here to cook me a dinner that was well
nice given that nine I'm giving that a
solid nine what you're getting good out
of ten no oh wait you get Frankie
pennies in Ireland that a nine they're
not on the same level that's a ten that
make you minutes then yeah I wish I
weren't wasn't to give it a ten but now
that was meant that was a not bad
breakfast even though I cereal that was
not about okay that was not bad lunch I
guess Grande arche just do me a favor
and pick these off no notnot you cheeky
bugger
oh I'm joking I'm joking you have to do
it I mean sure if you want carry on what
the brush-off for the wind listed at it
I did under 90 in this today yeah
yes I did 190 miles per hour and Audi TT
quintet it's impossible I think this
thing only goes 140 as far as I'm aware
it only does 128 I think it was about
might be wrong okay why are you driving
it the Nurburgring yeah grandad it's 10
o'clock at night can you walk home no
I'm not gonna make you walk on your
sausage I'm gonna drive you I'm gonna
drive you on you got a nice night though
yeah yep good dinner yeah come on I'm
glad we hung out so no look legend the
other there caught you yeah
looking sharp alright BAE here you go
lad it's all right good taxi service
yeah hey thank you very much for dinner
mate yeah
I appreciate that you'll cut yourself
alright yep you're good to go alright
I'll see you soon all right man good
night good sir
til next time stay safe have fun I'm
seeing you Friday oh we're going to
Trafford Centre if I'm free Friday I'll
take you to traffic tonight
all right mate catch a bit seola and now
we wait to see if the ninja gets in his
house safely hmm
I was gonna be ok but I'll wait I always
wait for him always way from I just
stepped out that room after about 5
hours of playing call of duty modern
warfare remastered whilst I was in there
I managed to know is yet another stupid
fail baby by yours truly
Thom Syndicate this right here is my old
iPhone now what I'm going to show you is
the failed Tom managed to do today so I
uploaded a the vlog of me getting my new
iPhone oh my god should be an HD I'm
dead impressed I'm dead happy with it no
I rolled it I don't knows like Tom the
court is shit and I'm my own man the
potato iPhone 7 plus really didn't help
talk until I realized that the video
uploaded in 720 and what that means is
that my 2nd yet again was not on this on
the phone that I'm using it was on 720
not 1080 so yesterday's video the first
ever video recorded on a dumb iPhone 7
plus we'd like a better HD camera at all
that sort of stuff wasn't even uploaded
in the best quality possible when I even
look loaded I was like this is going up
kind of fast but you know what swing it
up I'll go with it absolute work to me
but no Tom messed up I uploaded it in
the wrong quali so I apologized
yesterday's vlog being in potato quali
this one today should be in better
quality I hope I pray I think
I think it should work okay I've had
this phone now for over 24 hours so
whilst I'm using Cadbury's amazing hot
chocolate powder to make our chocolate
I'm gonna give you some pros and cons of
this new phone so immediately I'm gonna
say sound you might be like what that's
potato that you don't even have a
headphone slot I'm gonna say some for my
first benefit because I don't know why I
don't know if it's because the speaker's
bigger or loud or something like that
but the sound for me is so much better
that I'm kind of happy with it another
positive I'm gonna say because I was
watching I think it's West world on Sky
gamma phone last night is having a
bigger screen is so much more enjoyable
like it's it feels just more comfortable
to be texting tweeting why were you
taking your phones and looking on your
tile and stuff like that everything just
seems like better because you've just
got more space you could say why don't
you just get an iPad if you want a
bigger phone and it's just I like a
bigger screen it's like I don't
necessarily want something this book and
big in my pocket sort of thing and it's
it's just it's really nice for like
watching Netflix when you're in bed so I
imagine traveling with this phone is
gonna be great again the battery life
hasn't once dad I'm a halfway through a
day and so that's all good if I can
possibly get a more free case throw it
on this so it makes the phone even
bigger but that way for traveling I've
always got my phone and I can download
loads of films onto and stuff so that's
a good positive I guess now on to the
negatives I don't think I have one sec
as I put you there I don't think I have
any major scratches on the phone just
yet but I did get the whichever was a
piano black oh no I have the shining
piano black iPhone if I could have done
I already got like a gray one or
something like that something like a
matte feel to it because this is gonna
get strut scratched so easily and I'm
gonna look at it and hate it and it'll
demand me to get a case which won't
really be a problem but I always put my
phone with my keys and my money in my
pocket sort of thing so it's just gonna
get scratched to hell I'm doing that you
know new phone look after me sort of
vibe right now and it's not gonna last
long
also on that note of us that it can feel
and stuff I would prefer to have got one
that wasn't so slippery because this one
I've got honest to god in normal eight
white slips in and out of like any piece
of clothing that you're wearing it's
absolutely ridiculous if you put it on
to like I felt like your bed you throw
it on your bed it goes rather than just
pop it on your bed and land it goes
Skoosh so you've got to be very careful
with this down
things and the the size but I'd like
said I like the screen but the plus is
really big so the chances of it
violently pocket banging into stuff is
very more likely now so I don't know
that it's I should have put like the
size of the post seven plus like mid
tier like is that a bonus is it not so I
just have to wait and see oh no the next
LM cruel but Dad touch my flank why the
hell did you wake up there I don't don't
worry this is just half way through my
next day so thank you very much watching
this vlog I'm gonna wrap it up here I'm
glad I'm now loading in 1080p which
means it's gonna take me twice as long
to upload the vlogs instead so there's a
downside but nonetheless makes you leave
a like great and subscribe and I'll
catch you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next daily vlog so until that thank
you and as always
goodbye kidding I bet laughs and all the
way the stairs we have ourselves a new
guest the dogs stay word are you doing
woody
hehe if you make any noise in this house
you're out that's a threatmate you'll
have to wait to see in tomorrow's book
for when Steve odd came to my house I
feel like I'm basically spoiling
tomorrow right now publics a film the
outro for today's boy - for yesterday's
vlog in today's vlog it's put it all
backward but nonetheless we have Stephen
back home with us and I tell you what we
need to get him a new home because this
it's already
