yeah this might help I might need this
yeah forgot my passport oh I can
definitely say this is an interesting
breakfast to say the least dad thank you
very much
more importantly Graham thank you very
much for lending me this electric bike
if everyone's been wondering it's off
this guy so give yourself a plug where
can people find you either on Twitter or
your website or anything
go finish follow the chip okay well
limit your chip open and then you can do
it can't leave you to take you away from
me Graham why would you do this to me
it's the only thing that gives me
exercise my dad proud of me for getting
out the house and shit look kid it I'm
gonna miss it what you mean you've
washed it dirt over the back of it oh
I'm gonna miss this thing so goddamn
much it's amazing we basically worked
out that Grove actually sells bikes to
big companies rather than individuals so
I'm gonna put Graham's Twitter down
below is an awesome friend he actually
just storm-chasing so if you want to
find out some more interest in starting
go and check out is to a/c for his
pictures and stuff hopefully is nothing
rude on that I'm exposing you guys too
and also make sure you tweet I'm saying
thank you for weeks we really appreciate
the good videos we've added the past few
days it's good if my DVD box oh my god
Graham its G is like maybe if enough
people tweet me I'll let you borrow it
for a few more days so thanks Christ
there we have it the PlayStation is
plugged in wired up everything rock and
roll I like how the spiders just
chilling in here as well to scare people
playstation works it why it goes through
the wall we didn't have to drill it
through because if we go around the back
we've got this light cavity going down
the middle of the wall where you can put
wires through and stuff to go to TV and
lo and behold the PlayStation is working
in here I've got it connected there is
no delay in the actual controller either
so that's good so I'm a playing no one
can complain it out but about that
bullshit under yeah going to install all
the games on it make you deranged rock
and roll okay okay okay
I saw what you saying or in the comments
of the video where I was using the G 10
pistol okay now this is an air pistol
right it's simple as this you hold the
gun you cock it back you load the bullet
and there's me thinking it's ready to
shoot and I've been
using this gun that method for the past
however many years have actually owned
this gun I had this gun throughout my
life and I thought that was a quite way
of doing it but did I know that was
wrong so - ever done the coven's I'm
really sorry that I didn't have a clue
what you're going on about and I only
just found out so then I was supposed to
put this in like yesterday's vlog and
day before that ball
Oh God so we have a target to practice
on see Pete over here I'm going to see
how powerful it is so this is my dad's
magnificent statue of Steve peat you can
actually see where I've shot him once
before and he went right into his crotch
all so what we'll do is I'll fire one
now the proper way like close and we'll
see what happens and then I'll fire one
- half-cocked where had previously so
we'll see what the damage indifference
is against mr. Steve peat
I'm gonna head behind this door and I'm
going to literally watch i'ma show it I
don't anyone there's this thing bounce
that crazy gonna file at this so it hit
us cuz we will bounce everything I don't
want to see how this is going to go so
let's put me guys back at Steve peat
crotch going through the Zoomer
hopefully it was a ricochet and smash my
iphone screen camera I'll be great
are you ready three two
yeah anyone this thing balances that
crazy is gonna file at this so it hit us
critical balance everything I don't want
to see how this is going to go so let's
put you guys back at Steve Pete's crotch
okay let's try one more time this time
with a cop forward
yep Steve feet rested pieces Oh God
yeah that one right in there the other
ones even make a scratch that one went
light it for the record the way I've got
you mounted onto this wall is incredible
I've got the gorilla mount sideways onto
a wall so you look absolutely fabulous
and don't you let anyone tell you
otherwise but let's try another shock
that's creepy if I came in the center of
these glasses I'm going to be impressed
I want right there it's a fair distance
to get it what I think we do and we'll
try and do this my FPS shot as well like
this high early well this is gonna be
difficult to name I'm trying to make it
like it
wait sure aim through the cameras you
can get it oh it's good
oh that's how I want you say impact Oh
first what was their second was right
underneath the glasses hey this is a
this is the like twitch plays whatever
it's a vlog does shooting alright
they're rethinking it oh that sounded
pretty good
that sound pretty good we got wait
we got his chin we got his neck guys ego
there's no way
oh yeah I think I clicked is here guy
Steve he survives another day I like
this is like my target but maybe we
should use this for target practice
everything so today cpt is going to die
it's all if you got that to show you
guys the mount I could just take the
camera off the mount and then show you
in person so look at this the gorilla
mount is wrapped on the wall using a
selfie stick attachment to actually be
my tripod for doing my vlogs with my
iPhone not bad
no dead homemade shooting range camera
rig shooting target not bad the fact
that I'm shooting in the direction of
the TV behind it probably not the
smartest of things but neither way
is pretty damn MLG chin ear neck neck
nearly eyeball nostril crotch thinking
I've got everything I need to go riding
in I'm just taking my youtube jacket I
have sucked boxers
tooth days to brush all the stuff for a
one-day trip and surprisingly this razor
break I say surprise mix I didn't think
it would work out this this just fits in
the backpack books I've got loads of
clothes like the clothes in there laptop
all that sort stuff so I wonder if it'll
fit on the side and it fits perfectly on
the outside so I can actually take my
big camera and my cameras done so all
right let's rock and roll oh this guy
hellooo yeah size of a goddamn croc I
like how my dad took my advice
hopefully I got rhythm sandals and he's
now wearing Crocs again because I guess
that's better ah we meet again
terminal 3 oh look at this yo could be
moving this time that cute let's go get
our tickets get checked in and get on
the plane gonna say this now a massive
shout-out to Laura from jag Euler's
she's the one jugular jugular Jaguar who
hit me got to work this all out so
hopefully everything goes smoothly we
can get there and it was perfect but
basically I was like oh no bit worried
that we may have been bundled in with
loads of people to do the test track but
we've got the Jaguar f-type s via all to
ourselves just a racer on a track so I
am like way beyond still right now so
Laura massive thank you what all I heard
was look at that big bulge of car I was
like what yeah no no did you are you
excited to go on the plane oh are you
excited oh my god is so excited you're
supposed to be you might get free
biscuit on the plane people oh you're
getting your money yeah what are you
going to fuck up I am so upset right now
they've got in the iPhone 7 biggest size
as possible but they don't have the 7
plus which has the better camera on the
back that's a sex book God tell me I am
well and truly bummed out right now I
had no idea or any thought in the
slightest that they'd have iPhone 7 to
sell the airport they have the 7 maxsize
everything that I'd want to buy but I
need to get the 7 plus but vlogging on
the phone so it's bad quality
look at these floors like little ants
walking off that playing okay hopefully
you can see some stuff going to try and
film some planes taking off ball if only
I had an iPhone 7 it could film better
in the dark we are now greeted with a
tiger beer and these things which I'm
totally addicted to from last time I was
trying to be very quiet in this large
because everyone like one person who's
in there just sat down quietly reading
books you say your name is Chris Chris
you're in the book is my dad there tell
me what he's there
I hope he knows where he's going we're
gonna we're gonna prank my dad Chris
tell him it's close life be like it's
done right we're pretending that the
that is Misty's forehead I got out this
wax I so badly all this work this will
be amazing
Oh
just like
I'm sorry mate then we were last ones
they had to get look at your poor face
come on
shouldn't know but I'm pretty sure on
the website that it said this was a full
flight but this is completely alive
oh wait I'm so sorry me soul they might
let me humble I feel so bad Chris
preciate Crispin d'Auvergne I was like
rile Tom it was hard to film without him
seeing it but more of a prank that for
my own personal use then you guys be
able to enjoy that was it good don't yet
you you do know why I did I did not to
say three-pound oh did you know what
what your slide the aerosol spray you
give me we can't bring back Wow oh okay
yeah bring back sort of Saxum for the
biggest size to a smaller size we've got
a refund
okay oh that's why it took so long you
mean Chris were there three just ran
around the frame I usually managed we
were like where is it we're actually
gonna visit this rate a person has to be
real thank you I just watched back to
sewage it looks potato as anything
because it was hard to film it without
him seeing me so I'm glad a prank if I
feel terrible I actually feel terrible
I do things do I went right red I was
scared fear like if I got to the airport
and they said if I got to the airport
and they said to me like you've missed
your flight and my dad was on it I'd be
like oh my god what do i do what do i do
what would i do this the last fights
london out tonight so his face like as
father to son so I think I looked in I
was like oh he looks scared and he just
said that you were convinced right yeah
well I'm convinced
good luck just what bosses me my bless
these in my bag so we went to a poet
lunch and my dad totally didn't fill his
bag with beers from there so great
success also will come fill the Flyers
this is it there's no else getting on
we're moving right now and the phones on
airplane mode so don't get mad at me
look children wait not you too empty
just see what you running down the
runway wait Tom is 25 ma 20 minutes ago
since I just told me I wish to fly hey
Tom same time so we got you dead end
dead end dead oh don't don't don't
dinner and get a turn are you happy now
then I'm dead and then dinner dead on
police not physic oh shit
wait for it wait for it cheers tom
cheers that cheese that shit I said
cheers lodges pull yourself up mister
what are you watching punches Rand Paul
here's what you're gonna put in the
hallway you found us on Google Maps we
thank you looks over there on the moor
way but they're they're always put a
random decision hey Dad are you watching
a film no I'm watching us on Google Maps
is it the date is gonna die like the
next five minutes it's gonna watch it
put it on airplane mode I know we go
back to my dad's tube it's actually
working
this is giggle giggle people okay
I will never wind up into the visual
Scott just ran away
I knew it media Tom London well c'mon
get your outs in Gil let's get rockin
and a-rollin so I like got out the
bathroom and was stood there waiting for
everyone to go through there was a whole
22 people on a flyer actually as I was
getting off everyone's walk towards but
thank you very much appreciate and look
at me I was like what you doing so I was
stood near the cabin they all thought I
was like a pilot or something with a
jacket and I was like yeah sponsored by
Cindy coverage of flights we now have a
new airline I knew we'd stop I don't
know what he's doing but we shall wait
for him well seeing as though we've got
like 20 stops to walk before it goes 25
24 arrow which is zero as a taxi ride by
the way we decided that it makes sense
to do this and my dad is here I learned
that no I don't have any beers left but
you have to in your bike oh here we go
now he's ripping out the beers so I
decided to push up we found an empty
trolley put my dad on it done on it with
his bag and I'm now pushing into the
taxi rank what could go wrong man will
fuck does she like the reason why I say
that we want to get a taxi there where
he's like oh I'm not sure gonna be any
other set fair price for a certain
distance and the price to get was six
miles was going to be 75 pounds to get
six miles whereas we just took a flight
that was actually 75 pounds exactly on
the dot to get us to fucking Manchester
to London so paying the same price to
get from here to six miles away makes no
fucking sense what we do is we're we're
gonna go find a place where we can call
an uber jump the new parent ramp Larry
cheaper can stay still up all you want
me this is mine and you know what yes ah
Comfort um with this um we got in the
goomba within two seconds the uber
driver left it's got a bomb in the boot
whoa we all know things not just say in
an airport car park n PP Jesus keep it
to yourself
shut the fuck up Oh baby the best new
driver ever check it out
halo proper Moody thank you very much
sir appreciate our haha legend oh my god
bestie but best uber driver ever we just
like rolled up I got in the car
whistling Bob Marlin he was like yo much
pot I'm Bob man I was like yeah sure
so he banged it on and we've been raving
all night they took us 15 minutes to get
here I'm hoping this is where Worcester
is this where we staying
okay is he vlogging I think it's
vlogging whatever I'm hoping this is the
right place crazy absolutely crazy so my
dad picked where we staying to that the
old Swan and out anyone that I could
have picked we warped and immediately
and then this is the bar and this is
like the downstairs area
I will obviously give you guys a tour of
the hotel upset one set let me point out
this chair 10 out of 10 the best quality
chair I have ever seen
slay so absolutely crazy the moment we
walked in were like I right there
Cassell we've only just got here for a
room Galaxie was like no way what are
you doing it so by the time him said no
way like that I was like you watch
YouTube videos he's like yes so it
watches my YouTube videos in the past
thing I looked like 2530 so never woulda
thought I would have known we were such
a small world I can travel to all these
crazy locations like the middle of
somewhere outside London and bump into
people who watch the videos so thank you
very much watching guys you are all
absolute God Tyr legends okay Ken I
don't know what's going on we thought
the guy behind the bar was like 25 right
25 3 to me Joe
how old are you 20 20 okay you and your
beard can go elsewhere because me my dad
can't grow a fucking facial hair up in
emotion
you're 20 years old
fuck my life I'm 23 if you're like some
fucking bridge right now I'd like to
show up and say this is my bed for the
night but unfortunately it's not I don't
just get to enjoy one single amount of
person lag in this bed
I get to enjoy as a double bed of the
entire quilt
looking like a checkered flag from the
Dimock dip Dominican Republic okay I
failed that name but nonetheless wait
screw Sh
oh shit this is my bed for the night
let's hope it is comfy if not I'll just
pull this alarm card and hope for the
best
oh shit that's a light what's wrong with
your bed I'm not your fucking friend I'm
your fucking son dick wait do me a favor
just jump up and down on that bed
don't you fucking shoot me ah shit fuck
yourself fucking very much dr. Ricky
crumb dude with a bob actually
appreciate these Thanks
Mendez fuck you doing no you know game
on that you're not Ken can't okay this
is my fucking bed what the fuck is that
you do it come fucking Kit Kat yeah
right I say suffocation
you're not welcome in my bed why you in
my bed what are you doing
explain yourself that is like funny
that's not an ex but you can't stop the
video I won't let you explain yourself
explain because it oh you can stay why
you still laughing you can go go to bed
go away I've got a car to drive tomorrow
I'm fucking to say fun let's go the fuck
to sleep
