Kika I choose you okay it's the new dawn
it's a new day it's a new shit Oh me
what hello big what what what are you
doing here what are you doing here was
he broke no way hahaha it's gonna be a
lager over jacket are you kidding me
with you this Foreman robot no have you
done this before
hoody must it wait I need my father's
hat
nice it's gorgeous it is a large so I
think I'll try and switch it for a
medium not be reborn well I've got my
own one rubber jacket hey you trying to
tell me it's a farm around you you want
me to buy that ones that grow in sheep
yeah yeah yeah may I absolutely little
bit grandad this is so nice
I've not seen this yet I've not seen
this yet well you know it does put on
the Allen just a bit too long on the
arms I'll try to see what I'm eating it
oh no way that is awesome
did you sell this at one Rover as well
yeah Oh granddad do you have to do that
that's beautiful
jeez yeah we went to a show where a
woman put a cigar somewhere it shouldn't
go and smoked it it was miss something I
could say I've never seen before have
you seen someone do that good dad no
yeah no it was a educational book
strange some what's going on he's like
where's my sister where's my sister
boy he actually just meowed in a hairy
shit well basically Lunas in trouble she
scratched me scratched my arm and just
put a hole in my brand-new t-shirt that
I'd literally just pulled out the back
ear she jumps in that bag got all
tangled up I picked her up
help her out sort of thing and she just
started being dead aggressive like
hissing at me trying to bite me trying
to scratch me I was like whoa put her in
like isolation in the bathroom you okay
now okay bastard oh that isolation
technique worked are you okay are you
gonna keep being a sassy bastard you see
you can be friends
it's okay so you're brothers absolutely
fine you probably won't be fine
before well maybe we shouldn't do this
today soon as though you're absolutely
traumatized from being a bastard oh my
gosh it came it came it came come on
come on come on I'm trying not to pull
it but it's it's stretchy don't try it I
in yourself out of this come on come
come come I'm not sure he's keen on it
grandad I'd like to introduce you to my
dog I got him a cat okay okay I can't
harness well you don't look impressed I
think he thinks it's a toy rather than
if he just went with it
it could walk happily oh wait what's he
doing what do you don't hear now come on
come on I just started walking a second
ago well he's doing it right boy he's
doing it backwards and this is what its
purpose is for ladies and gentlemen
Gatsby is outside the house he's on the
leash I didn't read in a rock'n'roll
good boy Oh done I'm not gonna keep him
in it all day and I'm not gonna tuck
around all day so I'm just gonna put him
on every now and again so he hopefully
gets used to it nice dribble gets me
good job he actually might be the nicest
I've ever seen
I'm not too sure on the layout across
the top I would rather be able to
customize that with syndicate a summer
book that is a nice sleek black helmet
good choice backup paper you doing
somebody just walked out
yeah see you go dad
thank you very much for that jacket mate
I really appreciate it this way grandad
this week we'll go out for some dinner
all right I'll give you a ring thank me
yeah no he will not have it it's mine
bye now took out the packet no joke take
it out of the packet within three
seconds Luna got like aggressive and
went shit no show please
he knows hey where's this was this oh
it's dinner time I'm absolutely starving
meeting up with Cal got a new shirt
then we're going bowling and I'm gonna
kick his know what's wrong you know even
seeing 12 show me I could feel yep I can
definitely say this was a very nice
breakfast
thank you cow could I get was it 12
little bit in the rapids I can watch
outside I'm gonna keep trying to catch
you off guard
I forgot my ball damn it look at this an
empty bowling lane South first game of
2018 first game 2018 oh yeah sorry about
this so we should buy your bandana John
Omaha terrorism where'd you get that ha
wait who's got the highest score someone
wait what broom at 192 know me yeah me
he's like 12 years old
sue got 288 nomination no no no no no no
no no no no wow wait is that actually
too
- hello Brandon yeah Brandon 102 all
right let's be we got beat one night -
let's go
how did you know did you get me a
vanilla Margot I came flag let the games
begin
just the record I'm wick I'm with your
Liddy live the live no first person to
get straight wins if I drop the other
person you in the game it's that new it
still got the label on designed in USA
made in Mexico go on let's see how
you're gonna do this Oh guys well Cal
start with a whopping zero oh no way
your first bowl of 2018 e you got a zero
seriously what what's happened to it
it's the bass you are spare you got a
strike look all right listen you side of
terrible I started with zero well then
you got a strike then a nine and nine
this bad there's better strike literally
nine nine six Nana I'm on 78 and got one
go away
I was about to smash 100 plus kitties
you've already done it go on go on if
you guess right now I'm doomed
oh no I'm 15 quid now mate
Oh 1969 Cal 96 Niner Niner 69 96 god
dammit god dammit why are you on beast
mode time for Turkey I've missed you
dude 131 with a strike
oh my lord a lucky time take your time
turkey time bro what are you doing right
now what are you doing you finish this
with a turkey bro this is an impressive
game this is an impressive game gone Oh
cow seriously
152 close sik I just need to update you
I need to update you or me cow got a
strike but then I got a strike so next
persons get strike wins I also owe you
15 quid by the way so don't forget why
did i not blow my why they're not bill
ma you kidding me
I literally put the phone down figured
he's not gonna make it and he got strike
I have to get a strike now to balance it
by the end of the game otherwise you in
survival
I've been working out
fuck this shit you have to get a minimum
of five million minimum I don't know how
I got strike at the end there the game
really changed by going go on minimum of
five minimum of 500 you mean how many
five right all you got to do now is get
he's gay
it's get zero I need his IDs 1 as long
as you get one you beat me okay and you
have to do it using using using this
small holes yes need you need wait a
minute wait wait wait wait a minute wait
a minute wait a minute wait a minute
wait a minute wait a minute come on I
think I should get the win
she may be born of a small actually we
did win 30 put off me so yeah GG good
game good game JJ's did it nice what do
you think it'll tell you what that
that's exactly what my defender look
like now but oh my God look at that oh
hell yeah
Lee llinois that is so nice oh my god
it's got the snorkel kit on it I wanted
to say that was a light by really look
just like a protection thing there's
something like that that is a beautiful
beautiful beautiful defenders assemble
gorgeous you'll see me without a beard
each just for that okay I love you cliff
you move you and you show you reveal
yourself yeah
like that video I said yeah love you
same time next same time another day
yeah yeah whatever
I don't know why I said yes I also don't
understand provide this guy all these
parking spaces by park like that he's
twins of room oh say I don't know what I
do is I've got a now go to get Lydia
some pajamas for after operation happy
to do that but my dad wants me to go all
the way to Matlin's in Stockport and get
him some cables so we can finish some
work on the house and it's not a four
o'clock
jarick human jammy Jam fun fact this
next here is where Alice used to work as
she worked here all time I believe she
did University part-time came out worked
it full-time until I opened syndicate
original the old clothing line version
of it and brought it out and I hired
Alice I said listen stop working net
work for me and all I want you to do is
run the Twitter that was four years ago
now she runs syndicate original you see
that right down that's my receipt for
dads thing you needed from appellants
next stop I need to get Lydia some
pajamas also my creative name for
pajamas Appaji be jammies I'm opera
dreamer jammies I'm gonna start wearing
pajamas in public kind of already am
jammers I'm just not wearing me public
and all the math but Jimmy jammies but
up hopefully disappointed Lydia because
there is no
versions of the pajamas that she wants
over at the store that I'd just been out
however the aberrational or cables from
out this other next the other ones sold
out unfortunately so I'm going to try my
best to not get rid of it yeah not get
one over and satisfier with at least one
pair of pajama Grammys well we now we
now check in then add manage to get her
stuff time to run back over to Mullins
and hope my car hasn't been told a word
I hope yes sensible people wearing coats
and gloves meanwhile cap t-shirt jogging
bottom pajama pants and breathable air
shoes hmm it's cold I love the jacket my
granddad bought me but it's too big so
I'm bringing it back ordering the one
that fits I'll be a proper fiber it's
two pi out looking a little Jaguar
there's Mike
the salesman who I bought my granddad's
car off I'd love that guy really really
really awesome dude so if you ever come
to Jack your Land Rover and he wants me
to buy a car off actually man ask for
Mike he's ginger though so time to fix
the default out one oh my God look at
that that is beautiful I just text my
exhale turn around he looked right but
you didn't around the road no I believe
my granddad stalked you he will leave
you alone really ever since he bought
that car is nearly crashed to a their
bathrooms in this showroom is gone this
is like something I have in my house if
only I had ceilings and all this Oh
geesh the bay let me wait wait wait wait
wait wait
yep look at it absolutely gorgeous in
there it's just absolutely beautiful
however the wheels are nasty the solder
on it looks disgusting the silver trim
on the gray looks disgusting and the
white trim on the gray looks disgusting
however it's a bloody beautiful car
absolutely beautiful but is it an svr no
you know why it's not got four exhausts
yes yeah that is the SVR right there
he's got the badge on the front and the
cabin spoiler oh poor exhausts mind if I
stayed in there any longer Mike would
try and get me to sign a purchase like
I've got the grey Audi TT I've got the
gray Land Rover Defender and they've now
got in there exact same color like great
Daytona gray SVR the guy came in in
August right listen to this makes me
sick it came in in August and he paid a
hundred and eighteen thousand pounds for
an f-type SVR God like you saw it looked
divine he sold it just like I don't know
how whenever he sold it he sold it and
it's for sale for 88 grams so we sold it
for like less than 88 Gunton 88 grand he
lost that much money off owning it for
like three months the record it's not
that kind of gray it's Daytona gray like
my car but would you go for an f-type s
VI in Daytona gray or in blue Missy okay
oh look how stroppy she walks look how
small she looks as well she's paired
like crazy
she's pairing like crazy okay okay now
is it that time of the month were you
just being a little sassy kitten I love
it she can be so nice poor she is a
truly sassy bastard a lot did you hear
him yelling he's not getting attention
I'm sorry I'm sorry I've been a little
fat cat mate where's your neck hey
tomorrow we're gonna do a bit more
harness walking and you get a little
look he's I you know say he's got like a
hair across it and he's gonna love the
idea you got I'm gonna take you on such
walked he's gonna be like a little
doggie little dogie he kept feeding you
stay away from her bowl you fat bugger
like look almost the same size now
because we literally have to wait here
and stuff I'm gonna hey you know look is
still got food in his bowl but cuz you
can see that Lunas not so much more he's
like oh I will watch him you you're so
fat you don't even have a neck the
reason why you're is a four-piece cuz
they're flat
I mean I mean cuz you're 5 and they're
flat just leave your sister alone god
damn it that's so weird I actually never
relate to them as like brother and
sister but look he's the exact same
amount he's worth it all down she's
still only a quarter of the way through
it I'm gonna go put your food outside
if I find you anywhere near her I'm
gonna lock you in Steve's are there okay
don't keep looking you are hot I'm not
I'm not having this right you know
good boy okay he didn't actually steal
the food dad what what you know what
what you know about brand new mountain
biking here yeah
same top new glasses new helmet looking
at ah damn it I just realized I got my
light mount fitted to it so is this even
charged am I even gonna be able to ride
tonight you charged yeah what about you
good you charged bro you check yo your
church broke all mattias ties good tires
it is currently sick fuck we usually
ride a hot bus five
no one's riding no one's riding five
o'clock up my spine no one's riding my
dad's got a bit of flu Gail because
she's an early bed or whatever lame
excuse whatever
everyone's got these shit excuses for
not riding my excuses are usually not in
the country cells why I don't know but
I've got August me biking gear what go
out I want to ride I'm stressed out
because Lydia's got our operation bike
in three days bought scheduling issues
we both agreed that we were busy tonight
we're not going to see each other she
changed the plans we she now wants to
spend the night with me however I'm
contract obliged to what to work a half
day at work after my black work stream I
have to stream after I've finished my
bike rack because that's like my
scheduling but no now I'm the bad guy
sort of thing so all I do is clear my
head I just want clear my goddamn head
go for a bike ride in the ice cold
weather of G cross and just clever mind
get back room round like a fucking dog
all day like back and forth my ping-pong
in game pyjamas and cables from a dad
and buck well then a guy did have a lot
from Bowens that wasn't exactly round
for a little free bike ride
I'd said recorder my GoPro don't have a
goddamn clue where it is I'd have to
change them out I'm going for a ride
I'll be back in about an hour okay one
hand trying to ride film not good
because this iPhone X is slippy as a
mother trucker it is freezing cold out
here it's six o'clock my vlog hasn't
even started
yes oh that's great the roads gonna be
stupid I see so I need to get off the
road as fast as possible and get up
rerouting so I don't go slipping sliding
and dying I think it's actually like one
degree right now so this is not good
and more importantly I need to get off
the road because anyway a little bit of
a muddy ride so far
I was definitely cold kind of fly on
down this hill complete the loop that we
do and then sorry and then head off to
the pub to see if they're there say
hello tell them they're all pussies for
not riding go stream first ride of 2018
my back is flat my back tire is like
going down so quick yeah
anyway I only got about I only got about
half the right don't snow that sucks
but there's no point in carrying on but
it is no point Lee carrying on simply
because if I carry on I'm just gonna do
dice to my I just could do damage to the
back of my wheel
I didn't rather just say okay so ride
got cut short by half I'm gonna ride the
pasta pub Tom they're all pussies let
them then laugh at me forget a puncher
go home Street right and where are they
hey Tom Tony Ken you got a puncher
repair kit you got fat like iron
I've got a no joke Jesuit know what I
have no kiddies to say hello to me what
what usually whatever I walk through the
door the cat so let's bring out me like
faders that's not whatever anyway time
to get some screaming done you Minden
streaming it's like seven o'clock you
you have to evening seven o'clock and
even time stream until 2:00 a.m. I'm
gonna play runescape no my dough
I'll pull like three viewers alright so
this place is hoppin I said if I die
within 60 seconds on fart night well I
trust that a timer and I'm gonna give
away another syndicate share on the
stream ignore this you've never seen
this much before in your life and you
yeah you know crying it's fine don't
worry about it Ross frame just won the
previous giveaway and then Oh everyone's
everyone's typing raffle like absolutely
crazy right now so this is going crazy
but I'm about to with like withdraw
announce the brand-new winner of the new
shirt and if it doesn't say they're
following me they don't get to win so in
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 the winner is
alembics
joy tricks 380 days ago and he is
following me so remick's congratulations
you've won yourself a shirt to shout out
300 sub train and by the way Arthur
injured sub Wars hmm wait for two months
thank you very much Tom cast as well
thank you and hawks music production
thank you very much - subscribing rather
hello my cast they escaped I don't know
what happened this stream but I have
lost my voice completely you don't know
it took me 2 hours and 30 minutes of
streaming yeah boy don't let it ain't
got himself at number one victory Royale
look in the hype look at the hype I love
it usually I'm terrible at video games
but I wouldn't fall out night tonight
switched over to poop G I know you
better know you better goddamn know the
hype is so real the chat is absolutely
blowing up right now fuck yes and
streaming for 4 hours and 59 minutes I
should have kept going for 5 hours
bought I'm like I'm gonna install this
game there are billions it is 1 o'clock
in the morning but I'm just download
this and stream this for like an hour or
something to like maybe to help us to
and the entire time I've been sunny I've
been like yeah potato I've been like
I've not been disturbed by the cat
flight what I haven't heard from it I
haven't seen him or anything so I'm just
about to push my chair back but I always
check in case to see the cast there are
there and I'll look down and where are
they oh my god what the hell
that's so weird my flush she's like an
orange color that's so strange but I
look down here there's one little cat
and there's another oh this one white
it's actually perfect for like them it
doesn't like blind them I was gonna whip
myself up some of these chicken tenders
lemon chicken tenders like super easy
munch on bull I did get these cuz we've
got no more timely ramen left I picked
all these these these now I don't think
this is the same dummy ramen which I
just I don't think it is if I be able to
sesame see flavorable
problem it's the same packaging or not
well I'm thinking of trying some of
these I'm not expecting good things
because these pop this packet only cost
like 30 P 30 god damn P I was like you
know what
suck it I'll try it let's yeah
is did I just hear a certain someone
coming down the stairs where are you
come on
I heard you you're like not a ninja
unless you're there
have you gone what you doing you been
fast asleep made you okay okay Oh have a
nice sleep I like how he follows me
wherever I go
however Luna she just does not give a
shit I don't understand how you get the
fuck here the noodles and then two of
the sachets what chili seasoning powder
I don't know if these are hot or not
what looks like maybe soya sauce no
that's too much of a thick sauce that
and God knows what that is
a packet of poopin jizz maybe just done
I have mixed together all the
ingredients from the sachets apart from
one thing I realize what this sauce was
because I tasted it it's a weird plum
sauce and I was like now I'm good on
that so I kept that out of it which may
take away from the flavor but I'm giving
it a go hopefully it is tasty noodles
are done they do look a little bit cool
for not too much it's not about what it
looks like it's about what it tastes
like so let's give them a cook to pretty
good to be honest
let's give them a go here it doesn't
smell good it just by nostril okay but I
hope so tired there's not really a lot
of flavor than that like honestly that's
all I compared to dummy ramen dummy
ramens at 10 this is a one Hey what do
you expect
30p I think it's safe to say that this
is a very very happy cat look at the way
you start and I've just stroked his
belly alone you okay it just waited to
listen to how happy my case listen
that's what you're gonna fight practical
shit I'm not too sure this outro this
video is but I have to go now so thank
you very much for watching sorry about
yesterday's vlog being late I am a
potato that is actually my fall make
sure you leave a like and subscribe and
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next daily vlog now let me tell you
this the forums over next few days might
be quite boring or nothing going I need
looking that's been like the past few
days but importantly Lydia is going in
for operation tomorrow so if you're
watching this vlog now this is going up
on the Wednesday but I'm recording this
on the anyway listen this is going up
the day before she's going in for
operation and she's gonna be super
fucking scared she's gonna be worried
you give me everything and I'm gonna be
by her side like take care of a hand and
felt like I'm gonna be like her house if
she needs anything go get it all that
sort stuff like rest with her just chill
with her watch TV read books whatever so
I hope you guys understand just say a
massive thank you to everyone who showed
us some love like everyone's been like
reaching out in the comments that you
know how best a lot over everything goes
well and to those who've like had family
members or you know what girlfriends or
friends have this procedure as well say
you know like everything's gonna go okay
they've done it and it was like
everything was fine I really appreciate
you put my mind it's so much ease but I
just know that once we get this out of
the way the recovery process can start
and then she's off for three months
which a crazy amount of time three
months she's up for so for a months you
can't really do much like we can't
really travel my first two weeks I think
she'll be pretty much like bed bound and
fully resting but then it would be a
thing of like she will be able to like
maybe go out for the day somewhere
nothing too adventurous but after the
first like month and a half or two
months that'll give us a full month to
like do stuff together so I'm hoping
that one might be able to do a little
bit of traveling at the end of it's like
a nice tropical resort something so
we'll see how that goes
thank you very much for watching I love
you all see you guys tomorrow as always
I saw the cost
