we burn please don't burn please don't
burn tada perfect toast oh my goodness I
don't care what you guys are gonna say I
just don't I really don't care because
if you don't cook your toast into
triangles
you're not real man this is possibly the
best thing ever I was just watching a
Felix's PewDiePie's vlog when he's in LA
and I saw Matt she's got one and I was
just watching it cuz like the do
difference too for other day
and felix has got the best vape in the
fucking world it's like an old man's
pipe it's fucking amazing
I personally don't make myself ready
thing like that but that is classy as
fuck can you hear that noise I know it's
pitch black but can you hear that noise
getting creepy really louder and louder
and louder wait for it holy shit
that noise is the beer-pong holy tits
that's not I could hear it from upstairs
that's the beer pump which should
technically say wait for it that my
dad's installed the beer in my house oh
yeah wait a minute that's what that's
not beer
that's fucking water my dad has conned
me what the fuck but I think he said
some other ones out the Peyronie's are
working but the cowling is oh yeah we
got some beer up in here that was a
really bad pour
don't fear I'm not drinking already
today like you my buddy he'll so I'm
sure you want to go about your drinking
already the answer is no not just
pouring that to check it I'm actually
going out for curry
with my dad and sister
some amazing music to walk into this
house to palace hey sister ba ba ba ba
ba you listen to good tunes and the most
important person in this house David oh
fuck up every time I see you I swear you
get bigger and bigger a bigger idea mate
oops sorry I've spooked him hey I don't
think it recognizes me with a short hair
you're woody
hello what you've been doing in this
waiting for my night season through I'm
assuming they've decided Awards come out
for a bit of adventure so I decided to
grab him and whoopsy Assizes yeah it's
not a dog you don't pat him you're
stroking under his chin like this David
I leant down here for you to get off not
to climb further on my shoulder jump up
go go go go wait I used to why you want
but he's now hanging onto my back
backwards bugger off hey thank you
teamwork coz he made that difficult
thing you all right there mate you know
what look at all this room you've got so
much room for activities mate look at
that Stephen will sit on his cushion of
triumph of victory
get out he's so good in it Stephen I
believe you have yourself a friend
introducing turtle the tortoise Terrapin
I don't know what you think about this
steve-o whoa Steve sign him up
Steve's wondering what's going on it
hello my name's Terrapin or followed you
Fuller's gonna go for you we have Alice
and dad making coffee and then we have
Steve sat on his cushion like the Prince
of bel-air all right Alice that's not
the way to hold him
are you okay me yeah no Alice okay
cancel that idea hey yeah I do that is
not the way to carry Stephen you have
more respect for your fellow dog all
right Stephen so dog where is he you
know we can't see no he can't see why
it's Oh probably run into the wall we do
it you got approached him gently if you
go like this from my bullets I think
you're a better see you can't see why
poor guy runs it's at wall
fuck now is huge you didn't hit you that
will hurt they'll rekt you say Steven
look like a nice I'm back again and I
will make sure he does eat you alright
he will attack you again and again and
again
you look after Steven I'm away don't you
when dad's away he sure is raised black
as anything which means he's terrified
why would you chase him that was you I
heard you make that noise
don't shoot your foot you're full of
shit I got always my nerves outs then
play me Steve about to go out for
accurate image that's like I'm watching
the news for 20 minutes somewhere ok
fair enough everyone's tweeting me
saying that Modern Warfare remastered
servers are up so I'm going home now to
make sure that my digital version is
downloaded because if it has I'm gonna
fucking play like game for 20 minutes
before we go out for a curry and I have
to admit this right now I do not care
for infinite warfare at all like oh is
that my car infinitely more for infinite
warfare at all I am massively 110% only
interested in modern warfare remastered
and the zombies so if I pick all the
zombies in modern warfare you mustard
easily button what hurry mustard oh my
god is this gonna work there's no way
it's out yet oh my oh god I've got it
I've actually got it oh my god fine
again yeah oh my god I cannot wait to
play this game fuck oh my god I'm so
fucking stoked just finished my first
ever game and I'm about to start
rendering up my first ever modern
warfare remastered gameplay oh I'm so
happy right now this game is my fucking
childhood I made a video be like listen
Activision like please release this game
again like please please please just
release again like a remastered version
and this and this and I'm pretty sure
I'm gonna buck tips I'm pretty sure like
the key things that I pointed out like
you could even make money off selling
the game like this and then you could
sell like quickly the skins of the game
are just anything like DLCs weapons
anything to help support the process of
it existing as a game and finally
fucking out I just played my first game
it feels incredible the game was super
super awesome did feel like you died
fastball I've only just jumped into it
so well
to see what's going up what's coming on
it may feel a bloody soap sort of thing
right anyway wet feet or through the
Isles because I'm a professional adult
but right
Tam's rock and roll we're going out for
a curry we are now trying a courier to
add ad nuns
I've nuns yeah uh Neil Neil Neil that
name ye apparently you can't buy alcohol
here we shoulda brought our own and I
didn't bring any shit YUM
are you wearing my jacket is that my
hoodie you know that's my hoodie in it
I'm pretty sure that had my name on it
when it came through the door you wanna
know what's wrong Alice look you look
well nice is my hand cold
okay let's dig in look at my dad's
papadums it looks like a pizza yours
looks well good I don't eat any of this
except that so mine just looks weird
I don't like it that's all I enjoy a pop
it on and I'm weird I'm sorry that you
raised you just raised me wrong I'm
sorry I made a huge mistake I ordered
chicken Rogan Josh and I forgot to say
no cilantro bollocks God five people one
day my life honey five fish Mario
curry was very nice I'm glad we ate
there I don't even know if I can cross
right now but we're going for it curry
was very nice to give it out of ten
pocket seven it was nice I was very full
from it but uh yeah the rice add or is
it what's the stuff I'm allergic to it's
a lot the rice add cilantro that starts
that cilantro in it so I should have
really said no sir lunch to be honest
did you have fun with us so dad what do
you think your daughter's parking you
ate our one hundred listen you're not
better than me all right I'm the worst
he can't be better you can't be better
than the worst go go go go go go go go
go areas we come to see hello hello what
family visit alice is getting excited
she's found a dog my brother's got a
chinchilla it's called it's called
chilla
leave it alone you scared she'll love it
so cuddle it alright okay like it used
to you right let go of it no I mean it
okay so cute and happy
hello mr. chinchilla would you like a
nut let's see if it takes it do you want
it oh it took it oh look at this oh no I
dropped Donita we thought you could
deliver chinchilla I think we should
change our branding from a
I switch in Chile's lots of opinions on
Theo like this look I know it it's Eva
absolutely scared shitless that's why
it's let you do it or it's enjoying it I
think it's sketching this wait a minute
is actually food that's all ramen ah
yeah you little bugger
you've took a rate shit there there
chiller of chainsaw
yeah if you don't pit Wow um that's a
lot of poo and that's a lot of what it's
all over you
was it yeah you corrected well Gretchen
why did you just run over here and poo
on me that's just not cool this may go
down as the biggest fail in gaming
history especially for a streamer a
youtuber and anything because right now
I've got a ps4 and Xbox one okay I have
had them same consoles in the UK
streaming playing video games on them
since I've ever had the Xbox one ever
first come out and I'm there playing
the remastered version of college it
before on the ps4 because uh I got the
early access on that and I'm swapping
over to the Xbox and I'm playing on the
PlayStation like this is really good it
looks amazing it's dead impressive and
then it's over an Xbox I'm like why does
it look like a potato
so I tweet out like what could be the
issue we're saying to me it's cuz the
Playstations got better stuff internally
so it you know that hardware and stuff
light so we can run it better I'm like
okay okay okay but just in kissed in
case I'm gonna go ahead and check my
settings and if you know it's on these
fucking settings my xbox is in 720
fucking P since the moment of fucking
idea how this means every fucking game
I've ever ever ever ever played on my
xbox one since I've had a it's been in
720 what the fuck
this has until the biggest fail I've
ever done in PC gaming history console
gaming history or anything I do not
understand how the fuck this has gone
down possible in the slightest
bolon fucking behold but however how
long for Xbox one man out I've been
playing in 720p
since the Xbox came out this is the
biggest fail of my fucking life what the
fuck also very dis
fight it ins Urkel on the side menu Fox
the reason why I say that is if we click
this picture right here you got Josh
Vick star
I'm bazinga just sucking down there but
well pissed off because I love playing
card ue4 just called you in general and
I need a team to play with cuz all my
homies a real-life friends they were all
supposed to go to the shop go get it and
then we'll be absolutely set but they
went and got it but it's a fifty gig
download so they're all like oh fuck
that I'm just gonna download it and play
it tomorrow so I think so I'm like no
I'm the only one of you pre downloaded
it now I've done a full team to play
with some kind of just like fuck I went
to play the game and there's no one to
played with I can either play solo but
it's just not the same ecology for as a
team-building game the way man I went
from there was a play the new space on
zombies what do I think of it it's a bit
a bit of a mixed review I'm gonna talk
about it more in tomorrow's blog and
have to put a video from a main show of
what my first initial thoughts about are
about it but nonetheless that is going
to top stop today's vlog because I've
got to get ready I'm going out I've been
a weight for like four hours and played
modern warfare remastered for the past
four hours but I need to go because
we're going out with the homies hanging
out with each other so we'll see what
shenanigans we get up to this weekend so
I hope you guys have a pleasant weekend
I hope your Friday is absolutely
fabulous if you're watching this right
now on the Friday on the day or eat
leave a comment be like wow you have a
great day person also in the comments
and we'll see how many people say that
so yeah watch love your faces I'll catch
you guys later
and Assad your dude
