on a scale of 1 to cold how is it the
Sun is up my videos up time for me to
get up introducing the replacement for
the YouTube limited edition hoodie my
brand new super dry jacket is looking
nice
it is looking fine and it looks like
it's gonna keep me warm this winter
this is the one I went for it took a
whole 15 seconds of walking in the shot
for me to be like I fall in love and
taking it I do kind of feel like I look
like a sports coach or a PE teacher
ready to rock and roll in a field or
something but I do like it I'm keeping
it
so I'm rocking it days version of agenda
is I'm pretty much extremely late to
everything was supposed to do today I've
gotta go down to the bank get some
paperwork for an accountant sort that
out and once that's done my days when
I've done that that that is it that's
all I need to do but I'm gonna rush
against time because I've only got half
an hour before the bank closes so let's
get on down here another morning where I
can be impressing myself the fact that
I'm walking outside and it's not
nighttime yet this is good this is good
I'm already calling now guarantee the
banks closed like I'm gonna drive all
the way down there it's gonna be close
but it won't be a wasted trip because we
can turn it into an adventure to go and
get milk I ran our milk Oh
flipping it well holy tits on a pancake
did that take it's sweet last time as in
the bank for an hour like the guilt the
poor girls in their life they must have
been like yeah we're finishing work we
get to go home I stood there walked in
and then they were working on my stuff
for an hour every single member of staff
in there was working it's like it's not
anything difficult it's just for that
when you do a tax return you have to get
all this information and then it's like
we need to find out when when you open a
bank out even if you're like how up ten
years always you open a bank however if
you put a pound in and you leave it
there for like year you can get in like
0.001 P so interest so I just need to
know how much interest of my entire life
so it's just like ass giving possible
questions so the other poor
women are there to deal with the bat and
I think we got to bottom of it so now I
can go get some food some starving and
start my day and bye start my
day
the day is almost over cuz it's
nighttime already yeah
Hey oh she's got her eyes open you okay
oh no no you sure no oh yeah I know
right
what it's that time again we're gonna
guess how much right now in the comments
this is gonna cost to refuel I've got a
quarter of a tank in it at the moment
and I want you to guess we've comment
below now last time it was like
40-something pounds but that was because
I had an empty tank now I have a quarter
full tank so leave your comments below
you gotta be able to laugh last time it
was I'm putting in the life fuel
last time it was 40 quid and now this
time what an time to work it out I
managed to put in wait 39 litres and it
came out as 46 pound what the this
is the reason I questioned some of my
friends sometimes I'm like oh that's
kind of taken Apollo room let me let me
when we fought back up there there's
nothing in it is it that
difficult to put it in the bed for
fuck's sake
recycle the possibilities are endless I
even decide to get food tonight with my
dad on my own or I just eat this
chocolate covered hmm I really want
occur it but my dad invited me to hit
this house he invited me to my own house
tap Chinese here so I'm gonna make the
deceptive court decision whatever I want
to eat curry on my own or Chinese with
my dad I must decide for the record you
guys did a really bad job at reminding
me what I'm supposed to be doing I'm
supposed to be going getting milk all
this time that's my entire point of
today and I forgot again open oh but but
wait this right oh
I'm opening the wrong door well the
gates at the front of my house would go
away it open and closed
Gary's got open up it doesn't work but I
take the stuff in and closing like a
 she'd warmer warm Maya noose oh my
 god it's freezing cold add fluid
washer kind of point out this dumb thing
I just realized I bought this jumper to
keep me nice and warm and I'm wearing
shorts
this makes no sense welcome to my
kitchen where Wesley is going to teach
me how to make an amazing chicken forget
what is this what do you do with it why
would point out is this subway fresh
that's it and this is my chicken oh my
god it looks so good already yeah this
is what I called dinner for the night oh
my gosh this this Wesley this is a
lifesaver
look at it absolutely get I love
you
fist bump are you getting caught for
ease buddy what is this a big bear
sausage so what this is turned into now
is we're going to do cooking lessons
with where's I've got a pile of coke
which goes three pounds well
unacceptable and I finished with you
much if you think so because where's
it's a bit quiet in it I'll kick it back
with Wesley for the time being and
what's this tree it is just what you put
it with honey daddy yo-yo everyone in
the comments if you want Wes to make a
Cooking Channel a Cooking Channel for
youtubers yo you could you could cook at
my house and we could what we can do it
there we could make your you to look you
could come and cook for me you could
come and cook for me and we'll film it
like dead well good production and make
your YouTube channel you're like like a
famous chef could be the name
but I don't know is cooking God Rumsey
he's got YouTube channel yeah me it was
like every day head o mates you give him
a run for his money
he's got 2.5 million subscribers do you
think you'll be in it with great power
comes great responsibility we can do
this what I'm just so like you do no
this is my house where's your like I
don't give a
oh like that is heaven I still buy it I
stood by in like the packet loads there
is literally hundreds of slices of Parma
ham there whereas if one of those
happens to go missing you know where to
hook me up right you know your boy your
boy cuz if that if that costs three quid
that fight a coke I'm not paying three
quid for a slice enough because that's
your it so that smells incredibly good
incredibly good to this presentation
that's going on in its got you this
little sticks what the the five points
of the sauce so what is called saffron
what what's this dish called
oh look at this look at this ooh
I've never noticed that from before in
my life is it that if he gave it didn't
they give saffron to Jesus like when
they bought him the frankincense myrrh
and saffron this dish gets better I was
like saffron onion rings
no it's squid so are these kept no
peppers
yeah I knew they were took tomatoes and
olives squid and whatever I said that
was and what what do you name the dish
what's that ball but that's leftovers I
get leftovers
it's boys
we have an update in the kitchen where's
it's cooking like full-on meals over
here and then order no joke for can I
just get some pieces of crusty bread
just came in Wes how does that make you
feel as a chef
this is why it makes me feel confused
confused as a human being but yeah
crusty bread it is
we got steaks in the gold mushrooms we
got some shrimp or prawns
after our look prawns me got prawns but
look at that sauce oh so good by the way
wash mounds in case and last look at it
looking serving it like a pro and what's
this is this cod look at that
call of bloody duty that looks so good
might as well call this episode the the
mouth chasm episode because all is is
just really good food and sorting my
comments yes it was like hey you top the
videos just showcase you eatin food all
the time and now it's like ye just some
guy in the comments I do read them I
also got a beer so good health and food
and happiness into West creating a
channel
what happened in this kitchen was for
the fire alarm to be burnt if it is food
that's not sauce that has been burned
explain what happened in your kitchen
you are and it wasn't me and now we're
joined by mr. Thomas so the second
dinner oh I don't know what he's doing
it's well where's your lighting all you
heat LMA for keep it I don't is he
talking yes in this color although he's
got yes Joubert we need a combi yeah we
need your help sending a text to a
random women as weird as this is Chris
turned up some turn Oh constantly some
reason Chris is out summed up Tom Becky
and was this turned into a quiet night
with us three and everyone's looking
wherever you are right now in your home
I want you to stop everything you're
doing I want you to locate your bread
find it and take out two pieces of bread
once you get to bread and once you go to
your cupboard or whatever you store your
crisps and I want yourselves to grab
some crisps so for right now we're gonna
go for cheese and onion flavored crisps
at this point if you go to your fridge
and you locate that you have butter use
it I don't it go back over spread
your butter if you're not a butter
sprinkle them crisps on in here oh yeah
look at that
grab your over slice of bread gently now
I mean gently carefully and gently place
you on top of the other slice and once
you think you've got it in place
you're gonna go ahead and slam that
looks pretty good a tutorial on how to
make Chris boy if you have a hungry want
a snack that is the perfect thing to
tide you over I amount about the next
day so I'm going to end this blog say
goodbye to faces because tomorrow is
going to be the release date of the new
Call of Duty which means we get the cod
4 remastered version back and the new
zombies so I'm really excited to check
that out I'm looking forward to if you
guys are watching this right now like
this one laughs at 6 p.m. on the 4th I
am going to be live streaming at
midnight of today so if you're watching
this right now we'll be streaming at
midnight once I've got the Downloads
door to the game installed I'll be
streaming on YouTube on the syndicate
project my first
ever gameplay playthrough of the new
zombies map so until then thanks for
watching see you guys tomorrow and adios
