and here it is ladies and gentlemen Tom
Syndicate actually editing a vlog on his
computer and you might be like that
doesn't look like much editing and
you're damn right actor did all the
editing on my iPhone uploaded the video
from my iphone to my computer and then
added the GoPro footage on afterwards it
turns out all the GoPro footage was
corrupt and so all's well that's all the
effort of getting the GoPro rockin and
rollin and working only led me to have
the files corrupted I had to like recode
them all that sort of stuff once I got
that side got the footage up so I hope
you enjoy yesterday's vlog because it
took a lot more effort than usual to get
it done but for the record I've stood up
into bed yet it's not o'clock in the
morning pretty much and the sun's come
up I've not seen that for a while
sleeping pattern has been that boggle
that I literally have not seen like as
far as the eye can see without seeing
the Sun saying over there so this is
quite refreshing and quite nice cuz
would you just look a dad view on that
record I'm pretty sure them buildings
right there that tower is Manchester
Airport and there's unicorns in that
field someone go to sleep and upload the
vlog later on but might as well wait a
whopping 17 minutes and 34 seconds for
it to be finished and then I can just
upload and go to bed after that so until
then I think it's time to go and get
some breakfast
holy crap I've never ever ever in my
life seen that horse that close I told
you it was a unicorn in this field well
I suppose this shit can come off seen as
though the footage of the GoPro came out
looking worse than a potato does even
fit in there came out worse than a
potato looking like it was beaten up by
another potato so I'm gonna go off to
it's not the goal problems follows the
settings that I had it on I had it on
like full-on potato more unfortunately I
just didn't check on the actual
controller app but I am NOT going off to
curate see if they've got the GoPro Hero
5 and the session 5 I only want the
session 5 so I'm gonna go check if that
that in stock if they do whoo ah
beautiful day in the English countryside
I'm gonna get a good sandwich your
orange juice and then I'm going to go to
The Syndicate original place place I
mean office to go and take a look at how
my mum and sister doing and hopefully on
the way
a GoPro and here we see a standoff of
two titans the bus cannot get past and
the truck refuses to move there's also
now a car behind the truck so the car
can't go anywhere there's for the truck
can't go anywhere
therefore the bus is stuck so I don't
know what's gonna happen here
find out next week on boss vs. bun a
small mortgage later she's full courage
you bastard or PCWorld you twat
unfortunately they didn't have anything
GoPros and they only had the GoPro for
us and I forgot my phone when I went
inside so I couldn't vlog me looking at
it so that's unfortunate but I cry every
time also I totally wanted to buy that
building over there it's like a huge
amount of space but open like ever a
paintball indoor paintball arena or a
go-kart in arena but I pretty shot
someone by and I'm pretty sure it was
like two million pounds so no thanks
it's 10:00 a.m. I just pulled up outside
syndicate original and my sister's car
wasn't there and neither was my mum so
there Eva skyping work and I've called
them oh they're just not got to work yet
so I'm gonna wait a minute
turn round so I'm going the wrong
fucking way right now but if I don't
fucking find them in a few minutes I'm
gonna drive up to my sister's house and
she's stolen I'm gonna drag it out the
fucker oh this is oh it is is it this is
how it is a way outside no one turns up
I'll give it a little minute look what I
found I found my sister's boutique are
packed outside a young kid house wait a
minute it appears she's getting a
package delivered to her house let's see
if you know it is me I don't think she
saved me she doesn't have a clue she
doesn't have a clue what are the chances
of this what are the chances of eternal
for the same time the mailman does time
to return is the evil postman I'm gonna
bang on the door and try and wake her up
and buy wake her up there I didn't
actually mean that alright
yes I think she saw me walk over god
damn it hot let me in I brought
monstermunch yeah I know if you weren't
at work oh you were gonna be a worker at
busboy yeah I'm pretty sure you fucked
it out nine o'clock yes oh this is this
is gorgeous this is the most attractive
thing I've ever seen in my life let me
in alright I'll put the camera down
it's out quick let let me in you hide it
on the door oh yeah I was a quick change
oh yeah well you supposed to be at work
into the mailbag ooh calm what are they
planning in there reveal thyself woman
OH
what is it what is it what is it Kyle it
made a conflict ah yeah right
what well I suppose it's only a conflict
op I join for a taste test review of the
corn flake chart really nice Oh give it
a 9 Cat Cat Cat Cat rat dog right Alice
GDP favor no coin your phone okay that
was a great location of the phone okay I
would now like you to open up Twitter go
to my profile please okay now have a
look at my profile picture carefully
you're gonna get you know cat
what do you see ah my god I scan zoom in
it's bad nice guy do you like literally
see my phone so let me show him that was
Alice before when I saw her through the
door I put it as my prop up it's on
Twitter legend started your gorgeous
you're not allowed out cat so don't even
think about it okay don't think about it
don't think about a sec don't think
about if I don't think about it come on
let's go
come on yeah oh don't worry it's quarter
to eleven she's only just going to
fucking write the lazy bitch got ya oh
that vultures into the Royal light radio
Civ up just she's on that shit on hold
raisin either way look at this my mum's
cleaned up the office yeah right we just
saw your a supply this is looking this
is looking well nice mum good job very
proud of you this is like the weirdest
scenario scenarios right now but I can't
show you this information I'm looking at
but basically I don't back and profit
read America in the UK quite a lot and
just doing like end of your taxes stuff
like that what you're trying to work out
the amount of days that I've been in the
US and would get gathering all the day
together by look at my passport entries
of into the US out of the US and they've
scanned me going into the US wrong and
instead of putting Los Angeles they put
l OS Murtala Mohammed which is Nigeria
the Academy is going to Nigeria view and
have gone through LAX twice so it's
counted me a part of having like 31 days
in total of being in Nigeria which I'm
never to Nigeria in my life so we try to
work out why the fuck they put me down
is Nigeria oh my gosh I just realized
what the hell is going on with my I whoa
what is this
what will you get for having a terrible
sleep schedule like I have right now but
I just want to say a quick thank you to
an are just reading your letter mate
really appreciate that I'm glad you like
the videos and keep on watching the
blogs ah come on
psycho you bastard scared the absolute
little shoutout me I'm just saying look
out my eyes game but ah I'm going to
murder useful because I was fired in
this room before it stunk out the room
Danielle shit least I'll leave sanic
original some more t-shirts because you
know I'm terrible I am kicking of which
oh my god what do you want oh oh she
wants a hug goodbye oh wait I was just
about to talk about when the new t-shirt
comes out wait why when does the new
t-shirt come out Friday I find is when
the show come out right so do you so if
you want to get a shirt and get the
chance if you order in the UK and to get
the chance for like maybe 5 300 and
letters cute ones are dirty messages
from Alice my mom make sure you get sure
look where I am again I forgot I needed
a big ass HDMI cable well I just played
the small price of a mortgage for this
big-ass HDMI cable cut up someone tell
me where to get good hips my cables for
a cheap price because this was way too
much morning I'm now picking up the
PlayStation slim which is actually
really small and really cheap in
comparison to everything else the one
terabyte version and an extra controller
so my mates come round they can play a
fee for games to each other and stuff I
have Forza
it's not kind of a better social gaming
area in my kitchen just like that
PlayStation 4 slim one terabyte edition
one copy of FIFA 14 at 14 if the 17 the
actual plan was to get Forza a driving
game so like people can just like be
like oh yeah I kick your ass at driving
game something like that until I
realized when it's picking up the
father's alone and I'm fucking Xbox
we've got daddy's exclusive game
exclusive games why did you do this to
us
stop it just be on every single console
including PC please Oh need a bit of
energy my step
fall asleep midway through the day I do
not recommend to anybody
oh ah it's the most glorious smell
walking into this house when I remember
the clean has been all the sides have
been washed on the floors have been
mopped
oh my god I can clean up and keep it
tidy as you've kind of seen a tribe but
when you come home to it being
absolutely spotless and smelling fresh
as daisies oh it's good and I'll tell
you what I guarantee she's made all the
cushions look all poofy and nice I
should look at that look at that yeah
it's not like I'm selling the fuck it
out it's that nice like come on look how
neat that fucking bed is it's all been
washed it's all clean and Ayad up gone
can't wait to get bed I actually really
can't and is there any more double
rainbows today nope no double rainbows
just sons of Ray blasting down like an
alien murdering species blue licious
like being in a hotel it goes small
towel a.k.a flannel it goes flannel hand
towel
shower towel cut awesome fucking towel
I'm actually just um you don't
understand how happy I am to be awake
this morning like I really thought it
was gonna be like another just wake up
put a stupid last time and the reason
why I keep doing it is because my body
has been into the body clock of just
like you've seen every day I've been
getting to put like four o'clock like
that's that is the fact of the time I've
been going up so I've been so used to
getting up at that time getting for that
time again over that time that I just
don't know anything different so
hopefully by staying awake we shall stop
that problem it is 9 o'clock at night
now I have just been puttering around
playing Minecraft and just churn out and
basically just biding my time until it
gets late on into the night so I'm gonna
wrap up today's vlog guys it is only 9
o'clock at night but I'm gonna go get
bed probably watch some Netflix
hopefully not stay up till 6 a.m. and
just like pass out wake up in the
morning nice and fresh for a new day
tomorrow so until then thank you very
much for watching I'm going to bed and
watch love to your faces see you guys
tomorrow
and until then adios
