now this is some strange weather to wake
up to beautifully sunny kind of clear
skies but really really weird rain look
you can see it look at the size of that
rainbow oh my god that is a big-ass
rainbow what I don't think I've ever
seen a rainbow so clear in my life it's
beautiful I have to get this on camera
because this is a great story go on my
movie just got me you'd be undoing
jackets an ass he just said I think one
of the crews outside Tom's else has done
the widest Burchard on my car that I
have ever seen they're not only
terrorizing me they're terrorizing my
god damn guests we're gonna have to kill
him dad it is a I've been nice to him
I've give him a chance
but it's only a matter of time you just
don't get here don't give the second
time I've had cereal today Weetabix this
morning cause dad what is cereal I mean
what is breakfast the most important
meal of the day but it should be when
you get out of bed not two hours later
but I did just get out bed for you yeah
we're at least Pikachu the last one was
in that's all I know you had so much you
are so mature wouldn't you just you just
state if you played back he said my
second set of cereal today no I had
cereal aam I went to bed woke up now and
then maybe two hours later had small so
I actually already had cereal today so
two most important meals of my day that
don't wake you Hey
oh my I rotate the showers that I use in
my house I use my own Street sunlight
today I'm gonna use the bigger show
unlike tomorrow I'll use the on three
out of five bathroom oh I am making the
decision again to download Daisy why I'm
doing this I don't know because every
time I downloaded the game always runs
like a potato but I'm hoping new screen
new cell mate it won't make a difference
with the screen bought amazed try and
stream it tonight it says it's gonna
take 42 minutes to download probably
gonna be a lot longer than now I'm gonna
let that download I'm gonna hopefully
get that rocket and roll it and maybe
try and livestream some of that tonight
but what I'm trying to do is you guys
heard me in the involved in the
yesterday's blog talking about like how
I really need my GoPros like soap
everywhere so I can just record when I'm
on the go so go pro on the go but the
problem with that is if I want to record
with a GoPro oh god a memory card fuck
there's so many wires in here and look
at this yeah this is this is a bigger SD
card 32 gig SD card look how big that
used to be holy shit definitely not
gonna fit in there but oh wait a minute
wait a minute it's at an SD card inside
it yeah boy yes got one plus ten sixteen
gigabyte but can only record about like
one second afford what that will do and
the entire plan of use my GoPro just got
thrown out the window because I've been
charging that one when the mountain that
I've got is for the one next to it
so no GoPro driving footage today Oh
speak of the devil I actually just
randomly found it this is like my little
box of junk that I have like on my
kitchen table I was just like a little
looking at see what I can find and long
behold I found exactly what I needed
we may have a nighttime driving vlog
welcome to zombie GoPro modifications
with Tom now I basically lost some sort
of clump that stops this coming out so
hopefully when I'm driving along this
doesn't end up flying on my pedal and
stop me from braking which would not be
a good scenario but I've got it charged
up the camera footage looks cool and
what I'm going to show you right now is
one second let me get my mouse and we're
gonna go into GoPro footage is this clip
where was the last time I tried to use
my GoPro and it fell off my bulb I so
enjoy
it wasn't like the most amazing thing
and I hope I make it I didn't make it
sound like I actually fell off the
motorbike but my GoPro is like I'm
really enjoying being on the front wheel
of this too many vibrations and screws
and just fell off so alright and for the
record by the way when I was filming
inside this this like draw of where
everything is where everything's
supposed to be yeah I found the other
mounts so I did actually have two of
them so you know what I did actually
stay organized and put things where
they're supposed to be but nonetheless
let's go for Drive hey would you look at
that this little arm piece here I
actually just took one of the screws out
of this like this bad boy and this
little bolt piece and it turns out it
fits exactly where I need it to so I'm
hoping is that I can suction this - like
the wind mirror and just have it facing
me wasn't driving along and then for
filming the opposite way of like filming
where I'm going I don't think I'm gonna
do that because one it's too dark and -
it's just one step at a time
BuChE BuChE BuChE I'm careful oh my god
that is a loud AC unit this is the
slippiest forever you ready shit alright
how we doing LD now you'll see me in my
outie kg I don't even know if this is on
the right setting I don't know if it's
on anything because I don't even have
the app downloaded to check the footage
to see if it's okay it could be
recording in 4k for all I know right now
so I'm hoping it's not a mole premiere
it's just recording in like 1080p so
could actually use the footage go again
we'll just wait and see suppose what
I've got something sac and just flicked
this light on for a quick second or
whatever bought what I'm really hungry I
was gonna go get Walker members but I'm
like
I don't really want mic remember so
we'll have to go for the next best thing
what beats blogger Mama's hello ah
Grimes I'm gonna take you out please
okay maybe it's not as good as Wagga
Mama's but it's the only thing that's
open at 10 o'clock at night right now so
of McDonald's I'll have to do again I'm
away it's not the healthiest of choices
and I'm trying to eat a healthier but
when you're waking up at this time and
you don't cook food yourself then a
greasy double cheeseburger is just what
it's gonna be
why do I always get pickles and
everything I don't know why I didn't
just ask them to take them off but then
it takes that forever they have to cook
it fresh well it has only been a
whopping 15 seconds since I at the
burger and I already regret eating it it
tasted good when I bit into it and then
as soon as the food settled in my
stomach I just don't want to talk about
it anymore so anyway um I thought about
like go for like a big-ass driver what
the hell
even something's took a big shit of a
window are I'm confused as to hell as
what that is someone tell me for the
love of tits what that is like I put my
windscreen wipers on and it just stays
there it i watch you know i could be
tree sap it could actually be Therese up
mmm
and now we take the GoPro footage off
before I leave it too late and forget
and we feast on what I call the
healthiest meal you can get at
McDonald's it's the chicken legend with
Mayo yeah I know it doesn't look too
incredibly tasty does it and I'm
convinced it's got cilantro I don't know
why I'm just bit into it I'm like I
don't know about that but either way
that's now my lunch oh how much I love
my friends so basically you guys know in
my house I can control all the lights
music all that sort of stuff real at my
phone or through my iPad now I have two
iPads around the house for like one
downstairs one upstairs is to get lost
you'll always end up finding one now
this iPad won't miss him for a while I
was like why is this iPad not working
but we found it hidden on top of my bar
and we were like okay why was it up
there charged it put it on I thought
everything was fine until when we go to
the iPad you're like oh this is fine it
works absolutely fine it's not damaged
or anything like that until this song
on set a password like this is just me
randomly typing someone set a password
on the iPad because it was unlocked so
someone could just go in add a password
because he was no password previously
and now I can't get in it so to any of
my friends who set this password
you could politely go fuck yourself
seriously like why would you do that I
have to like reinstall all the apps now
to control the house which takes
absolutely forever and to be fair I do
scare the entirety of my friendship
group like crazy every time they walk
around the car I'm like rapper can
screamer himself so I if this is fucking
payback for the jump scares it doesn't
matter you can still go fuck yourself
and yet if you wonder what these marks
are on my wall this is where I thought
it'd be a great idea to sit my desk here
so it just rubs against it all the time
so yeah I need to take care of that hole
and that hole don't worry I didn't do it
I'm gonna get I was thinking by the way
of getting this book this wall green
screen not this one like like this color
green on that entire wall so I could
green screen the wall but what I thought
of again is that don't really like green
don't like the claw at all just doesn't
stand out to me I like the color blue so
if I get it blue I can blue screen the
wall and then when I'm wearing like
Razer headsets without raised white
don't worry they're not actually thrown
in the bin I'm just got hooked up there
but when I'm wearing like the grit the
Razer stuff instead of that going
see-through you'll actually be able to
see all the green because I have a blue
background I don't really wear blue top
so yes hope I don't get blue hair again
anytime soon and you'll I won't go
invisible yeah I might get this painted
like bright blue to blue screen it
sounds like a plan and no because I
could not see my day getting any more
interesting it's 3 o'clock domani I just
drank a monster I'm probably gonna be
awake again till 6:00 and rather not
because I really want to start doing
stuff in the daytime so I've got to go
get some like chores chores I'm American
now chores to do but I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog I hope you like and put in
a bit of the GoPro if I do wake up at a
reasonable time or it's daylight what
I'll do is I'll do some more car
vlogging if you guys want and this time
I'll show you where I'm drivin and put
the camera run again cuz I'll just go
and buy some more mounts for the GoPro I
think the new GoPros actually come out
now so if that's out I'll go pick it up
so you might be on seeing some more
sexual quality so if you enjoyed me
starting to use better cameras leave a
like green subscribe I'm now gonna turn
the lights off and play Minecraft like 9
hours and no I'm not recording I'm just
playing on a server with a friend and
it's about that so until then thank you
for watching I love your face and
goodbye you testicle flicking turn it
it's 8:15 in the morning I'm all just
going to bed what the fuck
