this is always the sound of regret ready
oh very stinging to the eardrum Oh bad
6:00 a.m. we're waking up and oh wait a
minute the Sun saying not rising fuck is
6 o'clock in the afternoon and I only
just got out of bed Oh 99 bottles I very
much there's nine bottles a bit there's
99 bottles of beer my man is not and our
bottles are very much the reminiscing
evidence of beer pong cups I usually
just throw these out and recycle them
but I thought what's the point in doing
that so basically oh wait I'm gonna have
to wait yep was the water that hot that
I sure the water was that hot that I've
shrunk all the Copts offer pisses sake
well that was my next tangent of I
decided to be more eco friendly recently
and washed like the plastic things that
I can reuse recycle my plastic and glass
bottles and stuff like that and then it
turns out I can't even reuse that so my
successful nature day is get it up to a
great stuff there's a fair few beer
bottles but then I realize that having
been more fuck think you like I'm I was
gonna say 18 years old I'm 23 now I can
legally own air rifles and stuff like I
can legally fire them in my own backyard
and soon as I have a lot of bottles and
a pretty good-sized garden with a big
fence that can lean the bottles over I'm
thinking we should go shopping for a
ballast air rifle like beast mode air
rifle and then could you like target
practice in the back garden
I'm really really thinking and this is
odd like the main channel I kind of I
want to go off to like America and stuff
and start shooting some big-ass guns
like like a mini guns flamethrowers
I watched Roman Atwoods vlog where he's
got a flamethrower and I was like oh my
god I want I need I have to play with
that and yo Roman Atwood if he's solving
people going round to his house and he
wanted me to go round and play with a
flamethrower oh oh happily take it off
his hands and the collection grows and
by the way for everyone who gives me
shit this black bin yes used to be the
trash bin so everyone in England but in
my local area the black bin is now the
recycle bin and the recycle bin is now
locked in so I think it just they want
you to recycle more rather than less so
yeah gonna be surprised where I am again
oh look crown pointing off this time
we're not gonna try and watch a film
eleven in the morning Tom dick we're
gonna go Nando's Tom's already eaten but
I'm getting a nice Nando snack before
this course it runs me over the fact
that I wore blinding I've done nothing
today got up and did fuck all Tom let's
watch the Blair Witch Project we right
give me a review honestly
this is where you've got a lock you
gotta give you a review of the conjuring
- what you think not getting you in a
deal did you like it
what did you give it out of 10 was it
scary oh I don't even want to play which
then eight scary films I love them I
have to say this this is definitely a
first happen to me so obviously I've
been a chicken under for not except
Nando's on the front but this random
face of it we're coming to Nando's in
Ashton and Matt who works behind the
counter over there
I like ordered my food and all that went
favorite and he's like you're good
that's like what he was like yeah go
wrap got it I was like you know you're
fine because I don't you put it all the
time I got it I love your videos
something that's just like what the hell
so I really appreciate much he said he
watches the vlogs and I always come an
arrow all the time and when I'm in here
he unfortunately mrs. makes you work two
different shifts so I really appreciate
dude good guy I'm injuring him into the
vlog that guy right there is ma I don't
know I don't know if that's his manager
but that guy that around that's math
thank you very much dude I was just
running up all to see if anywhere in the
local area there was a iPhone 7 course
available
I like how I rang them that said I'd
like to check if there is a an apple
iphone 7 available rather than just an
iPhone 7 but they said that there's none
available for the next six weeks of the
of the that the seven force in the
biggest size possible so the vlogs are
going to continue being potato until
then listen Tom I know I'm blinding you
right now
and I know you didn't want everybody
eaten but oh my god you missed that look
at this look at the got some halloumi
cheese lots of very very chips and oh my
god being bought by chicken well that
was a very awesome trip to Nando's
success
all right we're going seeing-eye wait
what the fuck no no no no no where is it
wait which was it there right under 12s
must be accompanied by an adult
do you crush yourself as a doll ease
your way at no circumstances should you
buy anything else from here over there
these bad boys whoa Tom I know you're
not supposed to film in cinemas but holy
shit
this film must have had big pipe refused
or something this is the first time ever
walks it's the cinnamon there's no one
here hated seven dirty Sep might
something seven now performing Tom
McCallum will catch popcorn you can't
eat shit see now you look listen you
can't make a mess because they know it's
gonna be yours with the only people in
here okay we're going watching our we
are watching the Magnificent Seven
you know what do you mean you know I
don't wanna fucking sit next to you you
know what Tom you're ungrateful as a
person just sit over here oh yeah like
the other people come in and we just sat
down awkwardly apart from each other
okay thank you chef Tom okay fuck
yourself decided I could get a better
for you from here Tom are you right back
there just I just see like a little dot
I decided to sit at the front instead
cuz there's so much room for activities
okay so I managed to sneak behind the
screen I'm not behind the screen now
obviously that's not behind the screen
for the first time ever it's okay it
hasn't been in told me off it must be
that quiet on a Monday this isn't normal
eight Wi-Fi booking where that we're
noise I don't even know if you can see
me with a magnificant
magnificant magnificant The Magnificent
Seven gets a 6 out of 10 for me not a 7
it was a good film just way too
drawn-out action-packed cool but like
collecting all the men together took way
too long this will be a sick film Doctor
Strange well excited for that but
somewhat you giving it some 6 everyone
says I give everything an 8 no I'm
making given at 7 I'm giving that a 6 as
well as what is really action-packed it
was very you could guess what was gonna
happen which was like it was just so
obvious what was gonna happen but than
that it was alright okay I think this is
common for playing Minecraft again but
let's pause this for a second even
though I'm on a server but holy crap I
feel like I almost just killed myself
look at how many sockets are down there
okay
tons of wires connected to my computer
and all my equipment up here and I just
knocked over an entire pint sized amount
of water onto that and I'm really scared
in case this water has gone behind that
socket in its short circuits everything
I'm hoping it doesn't but oh my god that
was scary
I know joke just sat and played
minecraft for five hours to the point
that it is now 7:30 three in the morning
what the potato nipples and as proof
this is the next day the Sun has pretty
much almost come up this condensate wait
why is a compass a conversation
condensation why is your condensation in
here looks like I've been like master
fucking my face off in here but now just
been sat being a nerd playing video
games till nearly eight o'clock in
morning now I could turn around and be
like yeah I'm really tired but
realistically I'm not now the smart
thing to do in this situation and to fix
my sleep schedule like once and for all
would be you know what don't go to sleep
but yeah definitely the smartest thing
for me to do at this point would be not
sleep stay awake and just see how long I
can last into the next day even though
that will ruin
was de effectively I have been ruining
day after day after day after day as
vlog as today's days days vlog because
I've been getting outta bed at like 6
p.m. every night so I don't know what do
i do do I just stay awake why do we go
to sleep find out in tomorrow's vlog or
when I end this one hmm with that
actually said what am I talking about
this is technically tomorrow so this is
tomorrow's vlog this shouldn't even be
in this vlog and this is vlog exception
fuck well 7:35 at least there might be
my breakfast at a reasonable time
because I'm hungry and I just felt like
this would be a nice little smooth to
have but who the hell has been fucking
on my windows again what why is there
just random moist patches it doesn't
make sense
support twist I am ending today's vlog
right now which is actually the same day
I settled you know in today's vlog but
instead it's nearly 5 o'clock in the
afternoon I did indeed fall asleep for a
nice side it'sh also hours so with that
said thank you for watching make sure
you leave a like rate subscribe and in
tomorrow's vlog you will see a beautiful
topper rainbow
