I got out of bed of a reasonable time
today at 3:15 in the afternoon
so yeah let's start his day oh yeah nice
to get yesterday's vlog uploaded titled
edit don't dust it already for 6 o'clock
I now need to try and flip into this
which is some title new boxer shorts are
very sexy I know much nice many well
because in all the years you guys know
me white riding bike sister for I've got
my two pedal bikes in there absolutely
love riding bikes down hills not Oak
Hills in the slightest whatsoever so
that said I decided for some reason it
to go with him today yeah so apparently
I had another fun turn from my house
this morning let's take a look at who it
was who could it be let's take a look
who was its face it was my granddad that
sneaky bugger just turns to put my house
like whenever the hell he feels like it
I might be like obviously my sleep
schedules fucked and that sound like
Grindr don't come knocking on my house
early but I'll come to my house at like
10 a.m. in the afternoon well to wait to
name in the afternoon 10 a.m. in the
morning so I got that one wrong it'll
just turn up like expecting me to be
there a my granddad I am definitely not
awake at that time but neither way
look nonetheless sorry got me biking
gear on shore like come comfy has pants
underneath it and we're ready to rock
and roll so we're let's get this biking
on the room and of course I need the
perfect cycling off of this on oil I
need how am I not still built this desk
I need the correct photo tighter for
mountain biking in so I paired DC's
we'll just do okie dokie Jones today
we're not going on the stinky jr.
because it's got the tire size of a
small child we're going on the orange
all know the tides pumped up nice
looking very dirty and that's just
because I never fucking ride it II we
made it but I'd love me a helmet said
another one we got Tony riding with us I
should talk you're wearing that helmet
we would suit me and eyeballs
we got Kent and then to a pub oh wait
does it match the color a nice open up
secret oh actually I'm after wear this
one instead biking is all about the
fashion statement because girls just
wanna have fun on mmm-hmm I didn't
regret not put any glasses on her
oh wait kicking ass and called you it
plays so much college is ridiculous I
think I need some glasses go admit I'm
absolutely twatted good job dad and we
ended up swapping bikes because mine was
just slowing me down I'm not I'm just
unfit as anything
Tony smashed it as well good your one
good job good job all round drink ooh
let's say somebody has Jess he's got one
move that's got lemonade swear don't
change your vocation it was freezing
outside that book so it came to the
cheese left our bikes inside and now
we're gonna chill out and have another
drink don't you love the concept of
going out I'll put songs called outside
picking up the concept of going on a
bike ride to stay fit and then go back
to drinking beer to basically get one
fit again and there we have at the end
of the session with tony meister with
his orange helmet me with my bright ass
fucking jacket legs down and can you
just the lunch of each he changes that
he gets like sorry the bikers are in
here I apologize you can come on in
Tony on Tom oh gosh come the night
continues and we managed to make our way
to the traffic center at literally
literally literally literally half past
10:00 at night because me and Tom Tom
drove I decided to come and get wagamama
so that's the plan we're getting whiter
mamas oh I should say I'm getting my
camera's the best place in Manchester to
ever get food wagamama now that is what
you call a very nice dinner thank you
for driving me Tom appreciate it a lot
good food good chance you tell me this
isn't the coolest shopping centre in the
world this is all the food course but if
you look carefully well it from here
it's difficult but it's laid out like a
ship and then like this is the whole of
the ship and all that sort of shit but
look at it look how fucking cool that is
ah I love the chocolate mmm it's blood
me and Tom McCallum have turned up to
cinema's a whopping 11:30 at night go
and watch your Thor
I hope you actually read this The Times
right and it's actually on so I'm not
going I'm not convinced I'm not cuz all
the lies I'm pretty sure you got it
wrong to be fair well let's find out all
right then
dickhead Tom 11:30 in the morning the
film is no fuck so there's me well
excited to go watch fucking Brian
constant in the investigator or whatever
it is and dick it over II got the time
wrong if I have pressure centers closed
so unfortunately we now need to go and
get fuel because we only got 20 miles
run to the car sir yeah kind of good we
didn't go to cinemas I have to be honest
it would have been nice to just keep
back and watch a film but good see Tom
anyway I'm glad I got out the house
because I just I got back from riding at
a shower and then I was just like what
does fuck countryside I'm like what I'm
gonna do but I think that's pretty much
gonna be me for the day I know it's a
short day and it would have been nice
and I need to get my shit together with
my gold pros I'm gonna start getting all
my GoPro charged up memory cards ready
in everything in like transfer ready of
my like off my camera to my phone so I
can edit it but it would be really nice
to of go code a bit of today's ridin it
wasn't anything saying I was well out of
shape
it would have been consisted of me just
being knackered the entire time but it
would be nice to share it with you but
unfortunately I didn't so now I'm
getting in bed and I'm watching Netflix
oh shit your boy pamaj just drop the
catalyst through which is like one of
the most amazing series of like ecology
editing montages ever like honestly
everything you're seeing here like this
this girl called nikki is insane and the
team behind it is incredible like pamaj
gets the epic kills and she turns it
into fucking godlike stuff like all this
it this is just insane
I'll put a link down the description if
I hopefully remember go and check it out
out of course it's the next day so I'm
ending this vlog here is a spider in a
box thank you for watching my day today
was a very eye-opening thing to say get
the fucking GoPro sorted out the new
GoPro Hero 5 just came out so I think
I'm maybe gonna drive to the shop now go
and check if they got it in stock I
don't even know if it's fully fully out
yet but if it is I'm gonna check if
they've got it
get it get to so I can leave like one in
my car so whenever I get my car I can
just use it charge up my USB and
transfer the footage wireless it to my
phone and add it into the clips which
makes tools and I do the same or by
leave one on my helmets all things so
there we go I'm gonna enter this vlog
thank you very much for watching I'm
sorry about scaring with the spider but
it is everyone walks my house is light
is that fucking real and it's like well
it is real it's just just dead because
it's the skin but we are going to begin
today with a ride on the motorbike and
you'll have to find out what I do for
the rest of the day tomorrow because I
have no plans like what I mean England I
usually come back like three or four
days so it's usually jump act at three
or four days of loads of crazy shit but
I've been back for so long now that it's
like I've done the crazy shit and now
it's like okay now what no what do I do
in my lap so yes we're going to go and
continue there so until tomorrow thank
you very much for watching make sure you
leave right grating if we can hit seven
like ratings and one dislike that in
perfect so as always see you guys
tomorrow 6 p.m. and I guess
