I'm gonna try and scare my dad if I can
somehow make it down there with him save
me I'll be very impressed
no I thought I made it so close she so I
did get invited to dinner at my sister's
house tonight but I was like I woke up
at like 6:00 o'clock soething no way I'm
a hungry I'm gonna have a bowl of cereal
and that'll sort me out but last time I
went round to my sister's house I
actually had pie and that's what my
sister my dad are having right now but I
demanded a dessert now I know Alice
hasn't got dessert there so what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna go to the shop buy
cake drive to my sister's house and go
and have for my dinner a chocolate cake
with my dad at my sister so if that
doesn't sound like a family plan I do
not know what does its place but have a
good chocolate cake otherwise I'll be
disappointed and so on my dad I was not
expecting such a choice of cakes bought
I'm pretty sure I found the one I won
Belgian chocolate fudge cake it's not
the exact one I want
I think this is the one I kind of was
expecting but this might just do I feel
like I've chose kind of boringly and
poorly when cakes like this exist
PABs the pug cheeky monkey cake Emily
the Elephant Man I fucked up my choice
here all my days I feel like I've just
walked down memory lane real quick holy
shit penguin bars and you--maybe like
that's not really that memory lane wagon
wheels pretty good but holy shit who
remembers clubs bars I'm not seeing them
in Pike yes
cake obtained and two packets of
chocolate digestives because Carl the
fat bastard hey all the ones I last
bought so I decide to buy them all
I brought you cake you fell and biscuits
for dinner
oh yeah hi Karl honestly thought you
know what's going on is this a syndicate
fan me up syndicate original syndicate
I can request what was the fire that
around about Alice's cup cheese pie
again so I'm having some pie what's this
dad's in like wow wow look at this look
at this Wow okay I'm doing selfies think
he's a professional blogger
look I get what you doing that's nasty
alright alright alright this looks
pretty good
okay done okay Carlos no no yeah last
time I was here I said Alice
I gave n a point one I think give it a
point one but the vegetable was shite so
this time she cooked fresh stuff I'll
buy all the fresh stuff and I know how
you make them but nonetheless I'll see
if it gets an ex might want to Galus I
will judge you prepare to be judged a
sumo out of ten out of ten 7.90 what you
want more about this cake bye
hey doesn't does it mean you're gonna
get an extra two points what's the
matter
it was the birthday I think you need to
think about why we're done I'm gonna
give you some I'm gonna give you some
time just a little bit it's okay hey
Alice okay hey hey don't cry listen hey
don't cry just think about it yeah take
your time Alice what are you doing why
are you watching my vlog on the telly
I'm right at arrow oh it's time to watch
I'll bide my vlogs look on a big TV
either way that's enjoy
right now is we're going to clean the
samurai sucks always keep picking off
and touches to our sword yes dirty yeah
been fun guys
okay this is just so weird that you guys
are saying watching purple hook okay
team I'll give it a school gone yeah you
a do you guys cuz then you watch all the
vlogs doing yeah how do you like the
vlogs he watch the vlogs I think it's so
cool that you guys want to looks like I
think gaming videos and I know like no
one watched them cuz it was like why
would you care about it
but now you get to like watch every day
my mom don't you think granddad should
watch them we need to get him a tablet
so we can watch the daily vlogs yeah
little tablet a tablet we date apana me
okay I'm a tablet with date a planet and
granddad could watch it but thank you
for watching the vlogs I'm glad you
enjoyed it
you guys don't help though you're
supposed to like the video
what okay now - thank you bye Thank You
T even I wasn't even supposed to enjoy
the biscuits thanks Carl
hope you enjoyed the vlog and you better
watch it tomorrow as well and some
before were you watching good like you
don't even love me I I said this in
yesterday's vlog people give this cash
shit Ben it's like a hairdressers Cara
what I've bought it is honest to god in
my opinion one of the most beautiful
cars for the engine size it is and the
price budget that is like it's a really
good car definitely recommend it well
the pleasures have been awake err like 1
o'clock in the morning right now I was
just like Jonah bed like on Netflix on
ready on everything I could do just a
fucking waste time because I'm just not
tired but also I'm like front doorbell
rings I'm like what the fuck's my front
door l been ringing at this time and I'm
like good one two and it stopped tonight
guessing was that so look to my cameras
I'm like why is your car parked outside
without three people stood outside my
fucking house especially at one o'clock
in the morning looking over cameras I'm
like right okay what's going on here I
see all these lights stood outside and
I'm like okay if it was fans turning up
I would totally understand if it was
like fans during the day just fucking
ignore him time to move on whatever just
playing sit but I don't like people to
know about some elves because it's so
light I'm like maybe someone's gone
wrong maybe it's a neighbor on the
fucking road maybe it's this maybe it's
that maybe it's a natural situation or
it's a friend that I can't see what's
back turn to me so call him on the phone
I'm like Israel reason your
so this Houston just like yeah we're
funds we want to get a picture with you
and I'm just like I wanna clock in the
fucking morning
bouncing to that is always no never yes
and it will continue to stay like that I
really do not understand why people turn
up outside this house at all you didn't
got given the address even if you found
it on the Internet
I didn't giving you I didn't invite you
to the house at anything the guys are
super cool and most the time people turn
up outside this house and I just say I'm
not taking it forward with you here I'm
not really talking to you I'm not
anything like I'm just telling you to
move on and people cool spot and they
just leave which is exactly what I want
and what I need in my life like this is
my home is my privacy and I do not need
people turning up here whatsoever so 21
has stood up in the past I appreciate if
you don't share the address again
I know it's public knowledge but at the
same time I don't want people encouraged
to turn up because just connect turned
away and I like I've done in the past if
people don't fucking move the police
will turn up and tell you to move on
it's literally that simple
the next steps for early in the morning
ah breakfast well no wait and breakfast
I know at my sister's but I woke up this
morning a bowl of cereal at like
lunchtime slash dinner time then for a
midday snack
I had a pie at my sister's and now is
like my main dinner I'm having toast so
if the Nutella or peanut butter will be
the choice of choices to make I fuck you
know what we'll go in no tell I've got
big enough talk mmm
we are on our next day and this time I
impressively woke up at half past 2:00
in the afternoon instead of like four or
five six or seven o'clock in fucking
night so thank you very much for
watching today I'm gonna be going on a
bike ride with my dad so if I film a
little bit of that you'll see it I was
tempted to get my GoPro but I don't
think it's charged up in terms so
nonetheless thank you very much for
watching today's vlog if you thought it
was amazing that my family sits there
and watches all my daily vlogs like I've
made gaming videos for five years they'd
never watch the videos understandably
but they all watch the vlogs mom dad
Alex Kyle everyone watches it it's so
freakin cool so make sure you like leave
a like rating if you think that's
awesome leave comment down below let me
know if it's just you watches the videos
all your friends or your family cuz I
know some families full-on sit down
together at night and watch it like a
coronation if it's a carnation story
episode it's kind of weird it's like a
reality TV to them but I'm gonna go now
hopefully doesn't rain watch them on the
bike ride and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog adios
