when I wake up in the martyred I see
yeah kittens but but when I look on down
is it cats be smelly knows mm-hmm it's
the first time that is marked in history
that the cats didn't try to suffocate me
whilst I was sleeping yeah
so in that case do you wanna play fetch
you anybody says yeah good dog would you
sit up there break your bottom
downstairs it's feeding time he knows
come on you come on fast you believe
that do she downstairs and let's get to
stash a of shit
oh yes deepen it's a Monday Monday
morning man the captain efik what - have
you fed your bracelex wife cold really
nice weather but it is freezing cold
there's a mod ice on the car so every
day I'm gonna play Pictionary you've got
to try and guess what it is
no official and men on a mission I've
gotta try and get gotta try and get to a
baked potato shop for Lydia cuz she's
starting the first day but she's only
back at work for two days before our
operation but she wants a baked potato
from a specific spot so I'm gonna try
and do it but there's no parking around
it whatsoever so that's gonna be
difficult and I've only got 17 minutes
to do it in okay beautiful just by
looking at it
the weather and temperature speaks for
it it is cold to the markets and by
Henry Hoover and you can't whatever this
is whatever that is you can get it
however I don't need no rugs I don't
need no bags no whatever that is I need
a delicious baked potato I did not know
this was the best baked potato in Great
Manchester so now I do oh yeah you would
just let the door closed behind you
wouldn't you can you let me in now come
on come on come on how's your app she
fell over she fell on the roller skating
but she wasn't even skating she was
getting off where's my wife
oh shit here
good timing only like six minutes late
but whatever I just said can I have it
I didn't ask for large or small
introducing the world's largest jacket
potato or mother of trucks look at the
size of that never Wow yeah dude there's
mine
Lydia's definitely looks a bit more
interesting well don't you get mad at me
I offered you if you wanted a potato you
said no you're not having one bugger off
the outlook good well ladies have a very
nice experience with her chili con carne
baked potato
her first bite go on with our buddy al
Butler you our star go on Shawn look at
the size of the hair she just pulled out
of a mouth my dinner date with Lydia was
absolutely lovely job like got a cat
some food and some litter shit you see
this is what I would say pass along kids
that are stocked like amount of food for
bearded dragons and stuff but like Steve
doesn't eat those he'll eat those but
these are too small they're absolutely
tiny maybe you need to step their game
up lady this is terrible half of them in
this a dead
hey this is what this is why you don't
go to pets at home for that kind of food
for a baited dragon you go to swell cat
bag kept Cooper kept pooper scooper nice
it's not even wet it's just crispy with
a gray cloud yeah wet weather
descriptions would Tom okay this is
where I want like a fucking tattoo on my
arm on the hand that I'll see in every
bite on the side of my hand like there
so you know I can't people write notes I
want tattoo there that just says like
don't forget like what are you supposed
to be doing right now so I'll get so
caught up in the moment up doing what
I'm doing that I forget to do something
I don't take the minute to go cat cat
tree cat litter cat scooper that was a
no-show I didn't need that cat carry bag
sorted Steve food go to syndicate
original
supposed to be doing aha ring the
defender company I got a ring Landrover
Oh Oh they've nearly finished building
that brand new for like space it's
absolutely massive looked brand new
who's got a private car back off and
stuff gate and safe and secure I want it
for a go-kart arena tub some food I
think he usually gets talking on
Tuesdays and Wednesdays book that's fine
stock selection of food should look like
I oh my god Steve's gonna have a fucking
field day
wait why have you got snails skinks eats
Nettles oh he's gonna eat good tonight
you gonna eat good tonight when did you
get the shipment in hello there
these are right the sides to try Steve
on right I'm gonna try Steve oh by the
way yeah I will pay for these then like
yeah yeah no this is because I come in
here and these guys always hooked me up
with food and they're like oh there you
go you're not paying on that right
whatever I'm more than happy to out I do
always offer but I'm gonna try Steve on
some cockroaches Steve has been sorted
oh my gosh if I introduce you to Steve
you may just eat him I'm pretty sure
this is called on it I don't want to get
this wrong I want to say apples let
someone that my people peaches I think
the peaches are looking pretty pretty
sure I'm like a head of schedule or on
schedule stay usually I spend half my
day in bed doing absolutely nothing
then I might go no need to run around ad
infinitum actually don't it nice would
say this is the first day bucket Syndic
original office for these guys but it's
not because it's anyway is it no it's
not last week was Heather yeah like a
lucky shirt please excuse me
hello Happy New Year stink to name a few
EU Cordiale it's thanks
it's a copy machine working I didn't
know I'd actually give it here I thought
Latino hello mother I went on Saddam and
I didn't take any drugs you're proud of
it there's a boy to me wait what what's
going on we're sorry this this is what
the holy would have looked like no no to
run the other way
it's not right that is not right being
on the front is it actually sees a
coffee machine again alright so I sit
got water in it Yeah right open it
yep open get the one with the milk
frother become we milk frappe is
attached can I buy an attachment for
them what Sonia hey what Sonia you said
on site anyway oh I thought one song on
it Sonja right yeah later coffee yeah
right wait do we want to make Wow
well grace right front fucking nineteen
look at it it's even got the yellow
stains on mmm oh it dings
just bring it right so this is what your
fix
blame dad bad blaming you I'm not sure
if I want a brew anymore it's quicker to
go to Starbucks bye and two minutes
later coffee
I don't like it there's like vanilla
pods not vanilla see not right is it
that oh yeah maybe you should get the
good stuff
oh nice light Alice allegedly made that
fruit oh you can way you control it Jose
USB one again I forgot nice a shop not
gonna defend it for a TT there but we'll
walk in to see if I can trying it my
hair cook you know why it's a Monday you
start your money right you sacked you
week right so if I can't get my hair cut
I don't know ever that classes as mean
not start in a week right board either
way I'm gonna try I just run and we
bumped into some guy I've never seen
before
I was pulling up my phone to check the
time and he just went no video please as
like wasn't gonna film you but sure yeah
okay whatever okay you know I said about
Stan a week right well I got my hair cut
now because there's like five people in
their interest in fact Ricky Hatton's
actually in there yeah I might say I'm
Joe Camel ego in cynic original keep
driving there yes
hey if this isn't what friends are for
that I don't know I've gone buggy buckle
me luck
thanks love this car
oh wow this car yeah lovely Oh Oh
beautiful
that was good everyone was like did you
want a it wasn't like no I don't know
cuz like I live out in California as
well gonna everyone could smoke weed
there as well so I don't really care for
it where's they go appreciate that I'll
be sure I'll be sure to thank you that's
what you call a little a little it angel
speaking to him like I I got a lift off
room because it was cold but it was
speaking to him for that long outside
but I got colder stood out there talking
she's really busy Oh what was saying is
I saw Ricky Hatton in there I was like
there's Ricky Hatton you guys know world
famous boxer Ricky Hatton was in there
and I was like oh yeah fun story Ricky
out and came to my house if you don't
know the story I'm there playing my
games pause it Ricky hands at my front
door I'm like oh yeah I do mate interest
to see you I thought it might be coming
to talk to violet some charity stuff off
and he said why would he be out
something else
turns out he thought it was all doubts
his house walk straight me out straight
past me okay like pushed in through to
my house I'm like okay it's like I
didn't I'm like no I'm like can I help
you out he's like well she doesn't like
he's at home it's like what it's not ohm
I was like yeah it's looking for can
tell you with no wall
it's like vault doesn't live here he was
like oh I'm so sorry I've got the wrong
house shook around walked out wait what
weird weird experience bought yeah
very strange nonetheless did get a
haircut gum gum gum gum gum gum
yeah I went to I went to go on a camp
and I was so excited to meet all my
friends from campus to foot that employ
it with all the girls and like yeah it
cool but my mom no oh my god makeup yeah
you punch it anyway yes you shaved my
hair and she should a boyfriend at the
time came up to me when hats and like
buzz cut my hair so I chuck bear him
from clacton-on-sea
yeah let's give him the fries let's give
him a free whisper come on no get him a
blue one I only just realized what's on
my desk cat's butt catbots coloring book
why is this why have you got a chocolate
starfish coloring book on your desk
because this is weird productive
productive productive productivity all
right thanks for the year
thanks thanks a new homeless this is how
I come up with I found an amazing artist
who does like studies and this is what
I've ripped up for him to do yeah this
is yeah this is where my art comes
together so welcome to behind the scenes
when your hair's a mess we're a high
window steamed open are they
what why it's my cat don't know Steve
man what I'm used somebody playing the
science either way we're just doing
planning what we're gonna do and we're
thinking of doing a 1337 limit edition
gold drop of the Hat like once they're
gone they're gone and some people might
like oh what what I don't wanna buy one
now I don't need someone I walk by in
the future I would until paycheck comes
through those whenever we drop it I
think we are gonna do 1337 I like doing
30 37 drops it's just it works and I
like it it looks so nice and gold here
like a few different samples in but this
one hands down looks the best look at it
all customized in the hood in the hood
inside the Hat oh the most of it
oh is it original I love it I love
little details
details where the cat's boom what are
you doing I love this this glass floor
is the best however it means you can see
some really big gap cat them holes so
yeah once again whoever sent in that cat
book called bum-bum-bum of book holes
book of cat bum holes yeah yeah thanks
research you're such a great person I
didn't actually get the person's name
but as soon as I find out tomorrow I
will thank you personally I'm trusting
you for once I'm gonna leave this door
open and hope you don't run away don't
do it always looking for the fourth I
think are you going for that
wait why you look so suspicious it's
just a feather look at oh look at me
it's a toy Thank You P what what how are
you peeing in there so incorrectly that
I can hear you pissing on the side of it
you didn't even wipe your feet Nick air
is what I have to deal with right I'm
making this the full-on animal friendly
place how and why the cats are gonna
live under the stairs this is their bed
so I've got bed I've got an extra
carrying case because the cats are so
big now that in the morning there's a
carrying case under there for when they
both need to go to the doctors or
something Lewton wants to play come play
okay maybe not sassy bastard you know I
always have a bag of cats and in it
they're gonna have a pooper scoop or two
or possibly three little bags to be able
to collect they're pooping nice and then
this I actually bought them too so they
had one each
but the moment if I clean it out daily
like if I get up every day and come down
here and clean it out and just move the
pool with me upstairs I don't think I
actually need to so I'll keep this as a
bear you might be like a spare litter
tray why do you need that
well because my cats have dick every
time I move that litter the moment I
move the litter tray they pee where it
used to be is like a territory thing
like that it's all they'll pee then like
what you're attacking I can literally
hear you leave Steve's wires alone okay
David what are you doing
they really need a back section to this
cabinet can you please get out this is
not for cats no not allowed stop chewing
Steve's part of stick at anyway it's
I move that literally to go and wash it
out and clean it the cast just
aggressively start peeing and pooping
where it is so I've now got a spare one
so when I go to clean that I can just
put this one down fill this one up
instead and that's the problem solved
I've made it a little bit comfier for
any cat besides they want to get in it
so that's perfect
is that whoa that seems a bit harsh it's
like oh well you you found comfort in
your bed that didn't you I would quickly
oh saying that's the Isis that's like a
salah' tape no sticky tape no clean food
no what am I trying to say
velcro this is velcro in the inside
which the cats would be rubbing up
against which looks like you've got your
own new ones have fun okay alright so
I'm not finding any poos in here I did
clear it out this morning you need some
dry food I can see I know I know I know
but it's not poo in there then where
have you good
hey where have you put and that's not
yours yeah you can have one or the other
this one or that one
decide right right I understand the only
reason he was in those because this was
in here I go get it yeah okay looking
good right Steve it's looking that good
that this person's been observing me the
entire time observing me this entire
time right so is that why not get yo ins
I like it and it's looking good it's
looking good it's looking what do you do
we doing let you buy his tail you're
gonna get shouted hey you bet you bite
sale you know you're gonna get showered
out looking highly lose leave them alone
that also goes for hiding inside is
covered as well leave Steve and his
stuff alone my god you look there like
kids like as soon as as soon as the big
brother gets something you just want to
ruin it leave Steve alone anyway good
little terrorist they just run around
try cause as much chaos and destruction
as possible sir always in my vision and
play runescape cat pops up hello hey I
am drop Lydia rock music stop stop stop
I've dropped Lydia off in the sketchy
part a Manchester actually don't have a
clue where I am in Manchester right now
I've dropped Lydia off either way this
guy in the doorway over there I see bomb
mankind Connors good luck why the fuck
is this guy filming click on my talk
John but I've dropped Lydia rock I've no
idea where I'm gonna never been this
side of Manchester but now well she's
getting her legs waxed Eid ready for the
surgery I'm doing good getting food
Olivia's cooking therefore we'll have it
Chinese that's gonna brace ism but
literally she cooks good Chinese because
she's Chinese and rather than going to
that massive warehouse I usually go to
oh yeah I'm going to the smaller
warehouse called to be a supermarket
genuinely feel like I'm in China right
now there's so much Japanese stuff I
mean Chinese stuff my sister Mei we
almost were eaten did I ask the guy shot
his noodles he was like over there but I
think we pronounced this guy's literally
just stuck in the back of if I was any
sooner
wouldn't I got them noodles much okay
I'm gonna try shrimp flakes they sound
amazing yes yes actually that stuff ie
in the British Airways terminals is it I
don't want that I don't want a adobo
flavor I don't know that is both how the
Q flavor maybe shoe not some sort of
like beef strip some like my Japanese
candy video and by the way I want to be
racist before it literally says
Japanese in Korean so thank you no
racism was involved in this video
Lydia wanted me to get two things I took
the whole fucking shop line over I would
have that little mount you know the
whole point I bought amounts or one in
my car I can talk and show things
unfortunately anyway trying a shrimp
lake star in car review not good
kind of like a quaver with a weird
cheesy aftertaste but it's shrimp
flavored so you know what next is by one
boy but yeah Bible Wong Kar Nick this is
what I'm hoping is gonna be the corn
stuff that I get from the airport
oh my god it looks exactly like the
stuff it's not the exact same flavor
barbecue but oh my god that no this is a
nine we have a 9.5 upset over here this
is good
oh my god don't mind up oh my god oh
happy years so it's on corn pieces of
coal you can taste the carne yeah sure
well it's barbecued corn flavor oh my
god um this is a long way this is
actually like really good and they do
supposed to be cooking me dinner and I'm
just out here eating corn balls no
regrets is gonna be like a what looks
like pork belly corn chip in the whites
calm because there's a stick man corn
they're put on the back you all right
besides that bloody hell
Oh smells good that's not good
just me to say the least
well yeah it's alright but it's very
math Moorish you want more and more
well it's only about a sex and that's
the concludes Tom's taste test adventure
hopefully Lidia's oh ma let's hope Lydia
is almost done with her wax and we can
pick her up go home get some broccoli
get some chicken on the way cuz they
didn't have any for some reason like oh
and by the way I obviously had to get
one of these and I got an orange flavor
one so you think the cats can come from
downstairs hell no they're well passed
out in the office alright I don't see a
cat down there there's no no you're
alright
come come come come god nailed it knew
it in the office
hey no wait a minute where's your fat
brother where's your brother
come close hey you really believe me
okay little raccoon okay you should have
called your shake out you know look at
you at the top of the stand you evil
eyes we're gonna watch some Game of
Thrones the cats playing fetch it I mean
the dogs playing fetch again
it smells God tip did dear
excuse me smells really good oh my god
looks really good you doing corn as well
do you yeah dude it's a funny-looking
sticky that I kiss you that is very
funny looking
well it look anything like a stir-fry
Gadsby's genuinely sad now this is God's
being sad mode because a through his
bracelet you notice to get Regenerist
buns the metal clasps bottom if you
smack them hard enough or like a wall
they can break and through the wristband
from the top board to the bottom and
it's smashed and when the class comes
off the wristband
it doesn't like play as good and he's so
upset now except broke his final toy
don't be mad at me mate please look at
me like well I know a way even look at
me oh my god he's vanished you must be
upset
oh oh wait whoa stop guilt trip I
actually feel bad can you stop
seriously I didn't mean to break it
through it it's smashed
shit happens okay this is prison this is
a video where every time you replace one
with penis is pretty good
Lydia seems from problems with a fact
that I park
it's what the I park hey babe I just
wanted a nice romantic walk with you to
the cinema that's why I bought you
really nice warm coat method to the
madness right now because okay girl
keeps eating those fucking yogurts Jesus
Christ
she eats by my walk on the grass fuck it
out Lydia's mom for Christmas as you saw
bought me the toothpick yeah lost that
toothpick already obviously that was
just a given one it bought good ears mom
bought me an unlimited movie cinema card
well it's clearly quickly going across
the grass in it just sayin
and so I've got the unlimited movie pass
and we're using it for the first time oh
because we always go to the cinemas I
don't know why I didn't get one sooner
but with the limited pass films come out
sooner and then we can like apply or
limit seat available to go see films
early before they're even out and we're
going seeing downsize me I think so
with Damon and I'm really looking
forward to it but I've heard the reviews
a terrible way you got time for
everything
but yeah I've heard super bad things
about this but the concept of film it's
awesome so hopefully it's good I'm
pretty excited
next you'll be telling me that the worst
chocolate to pick is crunch mmm which is
thank you that's why I that's why I'm
Widow
the best you go picking Maltesers at the
cinema who are you yeah first of all
there homie that we see all the time
congratulations get engaged what I now
need to say is what do you think of
Lydia's bubs we've come to the cinema to
watch you know the preview film I've
just talked about when is it
yes not today then these are any films
out that we could watch now Angie well
there you go
hey girl are you doing we book Jumanji
so the rocket better be good have heard
good things
have you seen it have you seen UNG ever
my kid you will get cinema yeah your
kids are great banana ten on ten
whatever yeah it's a very simple place
to sit because because okay yeah give us
a sales pitch go everyone's gonna think
I'm filming the movie and get kicked our
legal Nasir's Ben hooked me up with a
freestyle Wars poster thanks Bruce
thinking the truth I think it's like a
limitation I might leave me alone I'm a
nerd share that to my bed
okay where we should be SAS is all those
empty seats over there yeah right in the
middle of the screen instead I've got a
big one for me
go away not feel insecure your kids were
up like ten I think I'd be close to
actually really good I'm actually really
smile because you saw my face right
throughout it's a really good film it
tasteful if you look video games like
true you'll love that film but I think
9.9 just the start was a bit slower book
because I thought that you know the
style characters was a bit long with all
that but you actually truly get attached
to who they are and what they're like
before they turn into the video game
characters yeah did betrayed them
perfectly yeah I think 99.9 every
courage right it was really good I could
after watching it I even said to myself
I could watch that again straight away
together finally got streaming tonight
oh yeah
for tonight finally after all these
times for me fortnight more importantly
bro piranha the purple dinosaur
subscribe for forty three months Wow
take my time patiently we fought night
before I stream it cuz I'm terrible at
fortnight but souza srimant I'm ten
times worse because I'm just bought it
and then it's the pressure of streaming
it as well I just play bad so I'll
switch to pub G which I'm also equally
as butter offline as well as streaming I
need to do a massive shout out to the
one the only where is it there is Jerry
the slime five for the forty both
subscription a day kind of got carried
away streaming and watching or the
streamers
I wouldn't do a massive shout out to
Tyler who managed to streamed I think it
was three hundred ninety nine thousand
people and switched he got banned from a
game called League of Legends if you
like Tommy from those others just for
the people who don't know he got banned
from what I
gathering for being like a toxic like
mean player or something but he got
banned like permanently are indefinitely
and he lifted his ban today and he
streamed and an individual stream of
playing a game pulled nearly 400,000
views on twitch which is just
unbelievable so good sir congratulations
that is fucking crazy I could not even
imagine ice cream to a hundred thousand
people could even imagine double that
let alone quadruple that so good fucking
job bro smash there but I don't know
guys it is now five thirty in the
morning 5:30 in the morning so I'm gonna
go thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like crazy either this
vlog was like because it's a long one
make sure leave a like great subscribe I
think I already said this already I'm
really tired and going crazy
make sure you doing that notification
bell give it a big clicks if you don't
click the bell you won't get notified
every time we go to video back in the
day on YouTube used to click subscribe
and that was it but now you need to
click the bell then make sure you get
all notifications it's just confusing so
make sure you click it make sure you
subscribe if you haven't done already
comments were a pro syndicate Instagram
at syndicate and I'll see you guys on
social media farm somewhere another soon
eventually if not 6 p.m. tomorrow until
that much love let's talk deep boss my
friends
