it's a new dawn it's a new day I finally
cleaned up my kitchen a little bit
looking nice and fresh but I tell you
something I am feeling so damn grumpy
today
now I know that's not what you used to
hearing from me I'm usually like yeah
energetic and happy I saw stuff but
that's usually when I get outta bed it
mmm seven o'clock in the afternoon I
went to bed at 7 a.m. last night and I
woke up at 12 noon today because I want
to try and solve a sleep schedule out
for the weekend or like this just this
week in general so I can do stuff during
the day rather than stuck in my bed the
entire time but with that said I'm now
extremely tired and miserable look at
those eyes as it currently stands I
think I've got like a core of a tanks
I'm assuming this is gonna cost me 29
British pounds take a guess right now
how much we think there's a little bit
in it but not a while we're getting
there
we're here in the one hundred and
sixteen pounds pennies Aleta
for free 24 25 26 27
okay
oh no well I felt late I was 10 pounds
out what the hell Wow 41,000 ten pounds
geesh she's thirsty I turned up to get
my car wash and this guy's complaining
that they just scratched his windshield
mm-hmm but unfortunately I left my car
under a tree the past couple of days not
my front tree a different tree overnight
and it's completely covered in SAP like
all these lines down my window all SAP
disgusting I just need to go at my car
today is just like I've been indoors
playing Battlefield like non-stop
non-stop non-stop us like I need to get
out I need some my fresh air even though
I'm in a car at least I can drive now my
windows open like a dog and enjoy it
he is looking clean as a whistle it's
now time to rob a bank II probably not
this thing to say before you walk into a
bank plan for the rest of day now is
hopefully just to drive around just
clear my head I'm not stressed or
anything like that I'm just tired in the
back I've tired understand that it's
common sense but I just want to relax I
don't even know what I came here for
maybe like a sandwich or something but I
don't have a clue where it is to wander
around like a lost child I think the one
reason why I'm more shy vlogging in the
UK is that everyone in England is a
fucking nosy bastard so when I walk past
with a camera talking to it
everyone's like but look at me like a
waiter what's he doing like it fucking
infuriates me this is probably the most
depressing meal ever no mayo just
checking on bread what is the point of
that okay I gotta be honest with you
guys we're parked my car isn't anywhere
near the entrance because I absolutely
went out like an absolute child trying
pack my car I tried three times it was
awkward those people around me so I
packed at the very end where there's not
one pack there I'm a real man just look
at all those empty spaces over there and
all that distance I've just walked just
so I could park down here on my own god
this is a walk of shame
yadi okie dokie Jones
so I'm in city cat Rigell Hylas hi mom
this is totally not from yesterday as
well but basically what's going on right
now is all the posters have now gone on
sale on syndicate originally used to
just sell these at the show but they're
on sale and one of each of the posters
I'd signed and wrote a little note on it
so I'm going to show you how of what I
wrote on this so if you guys buy one you
got the chance to potentially get the
special edition one so there you go so
whoever gets it tweeters so we know
you've got it something fun yes ye Tom
know who you are you know why I know who
you are because we've had several Falls
with each of us animal dude I'm going to
send them back chip thank you and
because your legend Tom we're gonna get
you alive to shop make the most of it
sticker Alice make sure you get that
posted out to the legend himself and
you've got sign the photo you had with
him as well okay look at that ugly face
yeah oh my gosh so causing that office I
add to it to steal he can heat well it's
my company so I don't think it's
stealing but I had to steal a jumper
just that I can wear for the rest of day
cuz it's good as fuck outside in a
series of events we are going to the
cinemas minimum we're going watching
Doctor stranger came out today I have no
idea it came out today so I am like well
excited and on another note again I'm
actually getting in my car now just to
drive round and round and round in
circles truck load the vlog through 4G
because the internet at the office there
is so potato that the vlogs that was
gonna take 106 minutes to upload so I'm
going to connect to just foregin quicker
which it should I'm um you excited to
watch Doctor Strange
see I'm so glad you my cinema buddy
because no one ever goes to cinemas with
me on this Obama made hate service but
you love it's a lot to procedure right
yeah go watch we'll watch it tomorrow
we'll go tomorrow as well all right deal
maybe if I'm out that what do you know
about the grind car lock they locked I
think it's locked
yes it's like all right what do you know
about the grind I uploaded the vlog
before a way into the cinema like 3 p.m.
UK time all right and then went in watch
the film completely forgot to make the
vlog public and it's now three I was
like fuck okay that bread was a bit news
but we went and watched Doctor Strange
didn't really want much because my phone
battery was dead our honorable the film
how did you enjoy that strange out of 10
what are you doing woman yeah useless
well what's that
9 it was mind-bending it was really good
and it was hitting me I think I'd give
it an 8.5 if they would have just nailed
the ending a bit more from sweet but it
featured one of the best after credit
pass ever spoiler far was in it well
good right actually really really funny
it was but that was probably a funniest
moment in the entire film I'd show that
all parts with a cape so question number
what the hell is this cheese emotional
cheese and mushroom what cat wet where
on earth is is a delicacy and don't say
Frankie menace
it's all managed to get the Volga I
ordered it once it then was corrupted
wasn't working so that shit had to take
it down again once we start cranking
bands out to remove it to my car to
charge it in the car my phone's about to
die
was it like 10% before it was like
abouts but like no we're not gold
well yeah managed to get it managed to
get it live only really really late so
I'm sorry about your says log I could
upload it on time it was a glitch that's
all I can say here's me you know what we
didn't just did we didn't rape the food
oh shit
at least you enjoyed it and liked it
wait really
mushroom wait I you rejoice are you
enjoying it
Oh for fuck sake woman are you go are
you doing just walks off from you are
surviving she's like I want to be in
this so what do you vow to ten six six
is she it was pretty
I had a calzone Patriots Big John well
mine was so she had a calzone and I had
the same pizza but normal cuz she we'd
but a shell we're gonna get ran over it
I'd actually give mine to be fair to be
fair chief Jimmy Frank woman woman also
known as mother look at Mike Alec and
beast gonna fuck you like whip to be
frank to be frankly to be frankly and
Benny's on second by where you would
welcome to tutorials Wow
hold it wow that's really impressive
this is what we're doing in the middle
of a parking lot great love you Aparna
Parkin American pull you into down how
you ended down I can't see you you're
blurry mom
I love you love you more love you more
more more than more bye bye now bye bye
window up now inter make good bye bye I
do something long what is this what is
this download speed 4.3 9 upload 2.2 4
are you fucking drunk this makes no
sense I simply went and reset my
internet like a change the power cord
that feeds my box to my internet and now
I'm getting 31 in 93 what the fuck shit
packets let's hope this gets uploaded on
time today so I can finally say I got a
video this week uploaded at 6 p.m. UK
time also I'm gonna go because I have a
visitor
hello
