starting today as a potato who's going
to clean up the house it shouldn't be
too messy from last night even though we
were drinking
we didn't play beer pong so when we
don't play beer pong that's a great step
to be quite fake you probably won't even
realize it anyone was rounded last night
there's not that much mess that is out
the ordinary but I tell you what is that
the ordinary getting out of bed at 5:00
p.m. in the afternoon when the Sun is
out and the Hills a pretty the girls are
naked and the men are witty no so
outside my house right now I'm wondering
what the hell is this like actually have
no idea what the hell this is is it mine
why is he left outside like I don't
recognize any of this right now but wait
you're due oh these are my boxes of like
my childhood toys for my dad's house I
got my trains I'm not too sure it's in
the bottom of that book I'm not too sure
why it's outside the house this truly is
the weirdest random pile of crap ever
I've got a box full of these shot ring
caps that you use on a little gun
I got a train station I've got pretty
sure this is out of hema yeah I've got
the here I'm taking you I've got a James
Bond car with a wait a minute what with
a train in it and something absolutely
incredible I have my yellow belt from
karate I also have a welcome to our
school we are very pleased that Thomas
spent the first day at Dowson primary
school oh well that's what carry this
look at that Oh Bennett it's these three
boxes or four boxes even are actually
the full collection of my childhood and
I like how my dad left them outside my
house how could you do this to me dad
you just don't care the reason why I was
playing battlefield til 7 mamani
yesterday is because I was trying to get
a challenge I've used a revolver a
little small pistol to get 5 kills
without dying right that's easy trust me
it's not I've been doing it all day I've
been playing battlefield since like 5
o'clock since I got up it's now 11 me
and my friend even tried boosting for it
because he was on the other team and I
was like come down here and meet me we
ran out of time and I couldn't it was up
for fuck's sake I'm not doing it and I
finally just now managed to get the
middle this is like the nerdiest thing
ever I got the gold little tag which is
fine whatever don't really care about
that what that medal took me no joke
over 24 hours to try and collect
I played so many games and lost so many
matches because I was running around a
map with a fucking pistol so thank God
when you get case you get a weapon you
can enter the weapon into scraps you'll
get about 30 points per like really bad
weapon or whatever and you turn them
into scrubs
now I've scrapped enough of these ones
to unlock a superior battle pack so
we're gonna open it up and see what I
can get out of it this is probably
taking like 21 hours of gameplay to be
able to unlock this one case so where do
I get it
where's it gone all right here we go
superior battle pack open will I get
something I've already got or will I get
something new let's find out I've
already got that for God's sake
I played 20 plus hours for this thing
nonnegotiable you're already on this
weapon Oh item that literally is like 21
hours worth of gameplay of me playing
and playing and playing and scrapping
weapons to try and unlock that it's not
good things so 21 hours of gameplay
didn't quite get us anything good out of
a bot what we'll look at is the thing
that took me five minutes to go and
collect from a store and it's called the
one-armed either Kanye West or Eddie
Murphy now the way this works is you get
a sleeve around a box and inside the box
you get another box and inside the
before you get Hounds demented cut off
hands for a toy which is right there now
you can change out what he has in his
hand and for the red card this is
probably like 100 British pounds like I
don't realize how much this was because
I bought like you know two copies if it
was like that sounds expensive well I
got it it's it's cruel it looks detailed
it looks awesome but I don't really
collect things like this well
nonetheless scenes are really into
battlefield I can't say it was a bad
decision but I just don't know where I'm
kind of gonna put Kanye Murphy over here
I could be like one of them really
creepy like toy channels right now
should we give our girl oh hello and
today we have ourselves the Kanye Murphy
collector's edition the battlefield pawn
its weight in these things usually like
crumpled like plastic so it sounds a
spectacle please everybody
and here we imagine can you Murphy's um
cold flapping in the wind
no joke seriously it's scientifically
proven that children white watch them
unboxing videos because they like the
sound of the creaking packaging but this
basically is can you move feet with the
piste on these hand can can get Murphy
and then we have Canyon Murphy with a
German pistol on his hand I know so much
different so much well many impressed he
appears to have a sausage with spikes
sticking out of it in his right hand of
which we're going to replace with a
shotgun that's the length of his
frigging bodies let's try and Chum that
in there as well okay no Murphy is now
welding a shotgun with one hand absolute
beast mode and a German pistol but let's
be fair that that's okay and that's okay
and that's okay but if we really step it
up a notch that is so much better
it's got Gears of War Lancers sticking
out his arm it looks like what is what
is that film where there's a woman with
a leg and it's like a prosthetic like
and she has an ak-47 stuck in the bottom
of it if anyone knows what that is
please let me know in the comments below
but that that looks ten times better
you we should everyone you should
screenshot it now tweet it battlefield
saying we've found the next ladder for
the DLC now you don't only just get like
the statue sort of thing you do get some
other little pieces of things like not
to fully sure well yeah I probably could
have read it off the side book get these
two batteries that go into the dude I'm
not too sure where you put them or how
you put them in but I'll read the
instructions you also get this which
again not fully too sure what this is so
I'm probably have to read it I was
wondering it oh whoa whoa whoa does it
hit does it hit a note in it what is
this oh the redemption process what the
hell please refer to instructions on the
package is for sleeve details wait a
minute
this is the this is the DLC thing that I
bought I had I would've left that in the
box then wondered all this time where
the fucking code was there some boxing
was worthwhile guarantee I need a
screwdriver to open this up don't huh
yep I need a little dumb screwdriver
I think I know where one is if I am
correct there should be one underneath
my dinosaur inflatable KITT is there one
a hat there is perfect you needed this
is the one thing that all companies
should never do need a screwdriver to
put batteries in the amount of toys I
had as a kid that I couldn't use because
they don't have a screwdriver was unreal
so I put the batteries in
I don't really see him doing anything
now
Mike I'm like one of those people who
likes to just not read the instructions
and see if I can trigger it myself
so what Jack can you do to him to turn
on the music or sound effects or
whatever it is um I really don't know
maybe like push his arm down move it I
really don't know let's refer to the
instructions okay so oh for God's sake
it was a boy what is this like put it in
put it down there's a little button
remove debris zazz wait remove the
deborah's to reveal a switch what oh my
god that's genius
what but what what are you even serious
they went through the effort of putting
batteries in it so is cheese bag looks
like it's on fire that's disappointing
they even went through the effort of
hiding the switch just to do that like
no battlefield music plays no nothing
that that is so potato okay I get what
they're going for that it's supposed to
look like that but let's let's compare
let's remove the debris our Deborah is
where are you fucking my toilet remove
that and compare it now I could see
whether wait let me turn the lights off
all right okay yeah I see where they're
coming from I get it cool idea but come
on you could have done it like don't
don't don't
music - it's um I like that I'm kind of
point easily say I'm never going to use
that switch again in my life I'm just
going to keep it covered up and then
probably go and put it downstairs on the
shelf somewhere well it where it will
remain for the rest of its life and I
will never goddamn use it what do I give
this statue out of ten four
sex without without the gears of war arm
weight without the gears of war arm I
give it a it looks good I give it an 8
out of 10 for detail for use of 1 out of
10 because I just don't see the point of
collecting things like this even though
I have 200 pop figures downstairs but
with the Gears of War lump so it gets
out of 10 out of 10 now if I didn't
realize it needed batteries it would
still be a 10 out of 10 but I'm taking
it back down 28 so overall Kanye Murphy
you get yourselves or Eddie West there
you got a lot Eddie where sounds good
Eddie West you get yourself in a hour 10
you did good kid
you did good third last thing that I've
thrown box is oh okay this is
interesting
an endless now poster that says your
country needs you and it's I think
that's a picture of Eddie Eddie Eddie
Eddie West anywhere anywhere sounds good
Eddie Eddie Eddie West on there just
saying enlist now it's pretty cool
you also then get a pack of cards this
is like The Tortoise was gonna be like
unboxing my weekend even though there's
will is alright and then you get
battlefield cards which are like wait
he's actually oh that these are the
Joker's two jokers and then oh sorry
I'll show you what the cards look like
you got a picture of a dude I think
these might be oh so much you get some
of the maps well this just says conquer
hell a character another character I
really don't know if you guys can see
these sorry
they're really not that detailed to go
so kind of plain another dude again Jack
Cancun yeah the cows are not impressed
it to me I thought they would have done
like really really cool things but yeah
cards are give him a regular cabs like a
I don't know maybe a four hour ten the
reason I say that it's just cuz they
made a good quality but I'm pretty sure
all cabs out with a brand new obviously
then get a little hard and coffee you
don't actually get the disc with it cuz
we give you the game then you put it in
separately yourself but you get a little
hard encasement which is cool and then
you get a little patch of what looks
like Santa Claus riding a horse
so yeah sure why not and this concludes
the most disappointing unboxing of the
battlefield 1 collector's edition eddie
west also known as Kanye Murphy if you
guys like Kanye Murphy then be sure to
subscribe to the best unboxing channel
here on YouTube
life of Tom because
what do we do but until tomorrow guys
thank you very much for watching I hope
you enjoyed this weird unboxing because
that's pretty much all I did all day was
played battlefield and unbox this bad
boy so until then I'll catch you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day well
I have no idea which I'm going to be
doing but it should be interesting
nonetheless so until then thanks for
watching and Atticus
