they start begin less duties there's a
Jaguar pulling up outside my house which
isn't green so it's not my Grandad's
with fuck are you if this day started
this video today little German is going
to be sponsored by loot crate this is
indeed a probably very fragile loot
crate which I'm kicking down the stairs
but as you guys know that loot crate is
one of my sponsors so this video I'm
gonna be unboxing one of their boxes
that let me think this sorry blue crate
I'm sorry I did I didn't mean to treat
you like that I've actually got a few
things to open today I've got the loot
crate to open and I've got the
battlefield 1 statue to open and that's
actually a loot crate from like three
months ago so I might open that one as
well but time to start this day and this
kitchen needs cleaning yes I got this
actually might be an even bigger and
Boxing Day I got the two new GoPro
heroes as well I need to unbox them as
well that's pretty good oh hello there
it's almost like you just happened to be
there in perfect view of my youtube 1
million subscriber award and guinness
world records don't mind me
we're just going to open this loot crate
real quick for hey listen don't you be
one to judge alright because you'll find
out over time that loot crate is one of
the coolest moogly subscription boxes
that you guys can get your hands on I'm
saying this because I was actually
signed up two before I was sponsored by
it so yeah take that sponsored question
people but if you're one of those people
who don't know what loot crate is it's a
monthly subscription box for less than
$20 a month away you can get a lot of
epic game swag delivered straight to
your front door oh and even better if
you wanna use a link in description
click it go there typing the code
syndicate get yourself 10% up
you can thank me later oh man it's about
use out of our just nice you guys have
until the 19th at 9 p.m.
over the next month together sign ups
get the next loot crate so if you said
before then you'll be able to get one of
these epic boxes with some sweet air
swag inside are you ready
da da da da what do we have today looks
like we have ourselves a tea show my god
it's a farm t-shirt yes okay I'm
actually genuinely excited over this one
look that it's all the actual characters
from fallout that is so cool I want to
say it spit by but I might be
exclusively wrong but it is a loot crate
exclusive and you guys can be exclusive
to link to the description sign up to be
exclusive today hook it up John swaggy
t-shirt what's in this box
Gears of War 4 rip I don't care about
boxes holy shit whoa
mini Lancer
withstand oh that's pretty good oh
that's pretty good that's pretty good I
like that a lot
would you just look at I feel like one
of them beauty reviewers so here you see
we have the Lancer it has the blood
it's crimson red and it looks amazing
who creates a chainsaw with a gun
attached to it I know it's a gun with a
chainsaw attached to it but don't judge
me okay what is it this space invaders
Speight god this is this is really high
a girl oh my god yeah best Luke Ray ever
okay what it came with space invader
well I don't even think this is a space
of it I don't know space invader shot
glasses fuck yes on further inspection I
realized that these are indeed not space
invaders it's actually don't actually
know what this game is rebellion or is
that the company but but also ninety
eighty is the game but I've now got even
more shot glasses to add to my
collection go up there you can go there
and you can stay nice and close thank
you anyone under the age of 18 or 21 in
America they can also be used to pour
the right amount of cordial two
Americans cordial is kind of like punch
you put the punch in first and then add
water it turned into more punch
hey tutorial friends welcome to my punch
to draw get your shot that's pouring the
perfect amount of punch pour it into
glass then add water and hey presto your
drink is ready
Cheers bye punch their mint cordial
sorry Americans you're confusing let me
take a second to just pause the loot
crate unboxing just to explain to you
guys what cordial actually is to anyone
else in the world I always say cordial
it's called cordial but no one seems to
understand it so basically it's like a
thick liquid like I'm almost like a
secure innocent look here I don't know
the way to describe it so what you
literally would do is fill up a smock
fill up a small amount and this would
flavor the water yes this looks like
wine my bin is considered very fucking
awesome coral in UK right so you pull
the call you in and then you'd add water
to the rest of it I drink mine very very
strong we add water to it I don't know
why you swung at this look to it well
then I'd watch it look tap that alright
and then it basically makes you look
like more now it's probably not supposed
to make it drop you like that
something wrong on the water and then
you drink a fucking hour stroke for the
record it's not alcohol so you like job
what's that drink so strong it's it's
like for kids mainly that's like what
it's known for I'm just talking about
with some more it's mainly known for
like young kids drinking it sort of
thing but it's basically just a way to
flavor water and it's a very good way
that's pretty cool
but it comes with a Frank West Dead
Rising for like pen knife cat I don't
think there's a knife in it but it's
like a handy kit like a screwdriver a
nail file unlike a set of pliers sort of
thing but look it's got Frank West right
on the side of it and a torch
no bad bust up in the crate we have
ourselves a piece of cardboard very
important cardboard right there a Dark
Souls magazine looking my cool makeup
Dark Souls will forever now remind me of
Jackson because he's tattoo we've got a
battleground touch and tattoo no this is
a pin
I think we're crazy all now every month
you get then this is the September one
comes with a cool ass pin that you can
get so that's pretty dense Reggie start
your collection today Sinica you create
10% off you guys know what the fucking
rules out here obviously it comes with
oh wait no that's a obviously oh my god
what oh wow they've doubled it up now it
comes with a whole great poster or loot
gaming poster I should say oh don't look
sick I was really cool and then on the
back of it it doubles up as the uh-oh
whoa it doubles up listing everything
that comes in
yes it's called battlezone fox8 we were
right that's pretty cool it shows you
everything that you've got in the
battleground case that we've got Dead
Rising multi-tool far ground crime big
shot glasses vault bio college tee I was
right a Dark Souls pretty cool one sir
and and perfect poster so you know what
pretty damn cool blue crate once again
thank you very much will you create
response to this video if you guys do
want to sign up to it linked our
description use the code syndicate sign
up before 9 p.m. on the 19th of next
month to get the next great and you guys
can also have a swaggy unboxing if you
guys think you can do a better unboxing
than me film it put it on youtube and
link it me and I'll see how well you do
okie-dokie Jones right we got a mission
today we've got a goal to game and go
and get an Xbox one controller adapter
unless this controller and ear has one
Oh father controller do you have an
adapter this is the applause perfect I'm
so good at opening boxes all right look
at me I'm a beast
right no god damn it so if you wonder
what I'm after
I'm after a control that has that there
we go I guess I don't need to go out to
the shop I'll take my shoes off
I can put my battery pack in this Wow I
got this is a nice feeling controller
this is a standard Xbox one hopefully I
could plug in that cable now and be able
to talk to these guys
perfectly the headset actually worked
absolutely perfecto mundo but I've been
playing battlefield now for like oh six
hours the lads were supposed to come
around I supposed to having like a one
day today at my house I don't know what
the fuck they're doing they've already
eaten without me so the only thing I can
go and do is go and get the healthiest
food option in the world and we all know
what that is bop bop bop bop that is the
most pathetic jerking select I've ever
ever seen for the price you pay for
chicken select you don't expect it to
look like a motherfucking nugget with
that set I had five chicken selects add
a double cheeseburger now if you look in
that bag you'll notice new triple
cheeseburger hatches Lee McDonald's you
owe me you owe me a double cheeseburger
to thank you is the boys turned up and
we're supposed to going out drinking and
I brought down my my xbox fix week you
can see the grass outside my house looks
all flat and then you come down a wee
fun fucking Bigfoot's trail and it just
disappears get the size them fuckers
there's no way that's you tell me
outside 15 yeah right we're now gonna
play shots now the first person's cold
snap and win the person has to drink
this lovely Jager mom you ready not
so I've been different they go that was
the quickest game of shots now that ever
done in my life you watch you now got
rhino stepping up to the plate we put a
pound down and then we play snap so
basically snap is when I put the car
down
fuck I done he puts car down I put a car
down if it's the same card you shout
snap and if you win you keep it quick if
you shout snap and hit it and it's not
snap the other person wins are you ready
I've already won three games in a row
and I want to pine out of it so we're
doing pretty good I'd like to introduce
you all right now to my brand new
syndicate original design the raw
t-shirt comes out I have no idea Alice
when does it come out put a tweet out
but nonetheless this is new design
looking mighty fine okay so in England
we just released a brand new five-pound
note basically it's made out of like
plastic if you if you put it tumble dry
it and turn like this small but
apparently it's indestructible to
everything so you ready all right Shawn
brand-new five pounder ready you hold it
tight sizes and time again it's gonna
rip up you reckon yeah I don't think so
three two one it didn't go video test
again one more time
Tom no last plastic is any glass ball
how is that gonna rip one more time what
you doing look at your drip just
everywhere Tim other safety concerns
we're gonna do one more time hold on to
it stop guys it's okay that's just our
three two one I've does not live at all
oh that is not real wait one sec let me
just compare it to a $50 bill ten pounds
Tom McCallum just tried to do a rib test
like I just did with the new five
founder and not my entire fucking beer
over what are you doing
I thought you know me reminds me of have
you've watched a Big Bang Theory
yeah Sheldon you are sheltered here we
see in the wild top MBC vapenation I got
Rhino and Tom stone over tonight
they're in the on Suites and the bedroom
basically they're in the spevak on
suites are in the spare bedrooms but
because my xbox is downstairs on a big
TV I'm used to playing on like a 20 inch
screen so I'm sitting on my kitchen
cabinets kicking back playing
battlefield Lacan buffs so I'm gonna be
up the next like five hours I love this
game like about foot one so good I then
continue to stay up till 7 a.m. and play
battlefield the entire night of which is
now Wow
bright as hell it is now yeah qua +5 the
next day and hold you go outta bed and
start in it so yeah that was actually
think so I'm gonna go upstairs
play some mobile field and waste my day
get away again so yeah if you guys are
on Twitch
you'll see me streaming there I'm hope
we can apply with the rest of mais today
like they've all been like we want to
play water play I want to play but
they're just not playing as hardcore as
me I might level 22 at level 10 bitches
so thank you very much watching today so
I hope you did enjoy it once again I
appreciate loot crate sponsoring it and
if you guys want to get it linked in
description and I will see you guys
tomorrow from the next daily vlog at 6
p.m. so as always thank you for watching
and adios
