we be starting this day getting in this
box we want to charge our console so
dicks out for Harambee this is easily
the most inefficient way to get into a
box I've ever done in my life but
nonetheless we got the I'm such a nerd
going out at this time and now it's gone
by a videogame but you know what
battlefield one is Colin motherfucking
like I'm slightly whispering because
it's late at night and I'm going on my
calf I live alone can shout as last keen
want to all right it's cold as fuck this
mist on my windows but Barfield ones
just come out it's gone get it four
minutes later mates my game store Oh
game Denton how I'm happy you didn't
close down came to buy on Xbox and
Playstation I ended up walking out with
a statue in an out like an absolute boss
all of the staff at Denton they've
always been dead cool that's the store
that had like the pictures of me hanging
up for in 1758 but it yeah decided to
get the collector's edition why because
you get like exclusive passes for it so
I got two of them so we're rockin and
a-rollin and time to go home install the
games which will probably take like nine
hours and if it does say is gonna take
like nine hours then I'm probably gonna
go to bed if not I'm gonna stream Wow
okay
battlefield one needs forty five point
four gigabytes total to install okay go
to my apps I did just get a notification
saying that I was doing an update what
am i doing updates
nothing Q alright for the most both
balls of motorsport for Cali it's a fish
there's a guest at my front door
oh and surprise surprise fuck you it is
why are you eating prawn crackers come
in okay let me show you something you
come in the excited open that cupboard
you're the week
that's your description christ christ
almighty pretty cool right read them oh
no you don't that you don't you do you
do not get diabetes you can drop in
sweets it's a complete myth yes my
granddad going room for all my cupboards
managed to find out that my sis tell up
the chinese here gonna have that tonight
sweet
what are you doing nikki my change of
myself you sneaky bastard look I mean
you Nick me money and you're eating a
prawn crackers what else joy love me me
monkeys in me samurai sod
yeah Oh God my granddad just turns up
and know folks are given you now he's
found even more money
alright I see how this is you cheeky
rascal I need to shop and get some milk
you come with me I'll take your little
bit of an adventure come on I'm sure I
recognize this man I'm sure I reckon
we're doing lot I'm gonna sneak you
through without anyone oh geez yeah we
do it would you like feet bike tonight
hey listen all right Tony hey listen I
haven't got the bike so I'm not coming
out remember I'm a wimp
there you go I'm unfit look you I've got
blood Grandage I'm not swapping where
you on the fried you know I have a drag
race - a drag race naught to 60 let's go
goodbye Gordon enjoy your fish and chips
see you later didn't work out yourself a
harmony around it he always comes around
I always feel terrible that he turns up
when I'm not busy like you turned up as
I was like editing my blog so I granddad
I can't account I'm time for you right
now I want to felt that bad because I
can eat get the whole book one time I
was like wait a minute why didn't you
stay and hang out with me for the day so
I prefer do now he's got he's got
nothing to do all day and he said
something I did something today he was
like and I just trying you know try and
just waste my time throughout the days I
was just like oh so if I can give him
something meaningful to do right even
just going to the shop getting cereal
and milk with me it's like at least I'm
doing something with Christmas right oh
nice sure do you once you get that from
that's a really great clothing line I
just oh that's a really great go to
language you get so look at this guy
look at this I'm so proud of you all my
friend Chestnut you like it I love what
you guys wear it is cool cool I'll
fucking do it why not daily vlogging I'm
stuck imagine what would I be really all
right so basically all I've got do is
add a zap hey ginger hey miss ginger
cousin hey mister so I got after Dan
introduce you as mr. standard no sorry
but apparently I'm gonna have to do a
day's labor and work with these guys now
why is there a female dog
raping eel
I need more fucking wine oh my gosh yes
work it work it work what a great little
trip I just decided to come round and
say though it's over and drop off I was
to drop off this wagon and leave there's
a baby up up sleeper stairs I was gonna
say asleep hey hey hey hey nice nice
rose hey man I like your shirt where'd
you get this shirt piece of shit give me
okay
oh it's tries to get mr. Cassell where'd
you get that shirt oh fuck you guys what
you have show me yours
oh that's not nice this is nice thank
you wait I posed to keep my honor to do
my duty if you go to the Queen for now
and forever
and that is the Scout honor we're
basically trying to work out what the
Scout winner is also I'm joined with
ours no but a lot to drink get in the
car get in the car kick don't act
innocent you're an evil bastard why do
you look like you're about to cry
choking what I got to cuddle you get the
fuck you can't leave poor Michael get in
the car fuck is this this is my sister
she's drunk is van nuys okay okay I said
I'm not no I don't wanna buy Lund good
bye love you
I kept yourself okay like I'm huffing it
she's gonna drive yeah
and she's an alcoholic this is gonna be
the most disgusting thing I've showed in
my vlog ever ever ever I was just
playing Battlefield and I hadn't knows
weird I don't know I was on a nosebleed
and then I started talking when I had my
nosebleed
I was like oh shit I had no tissues on
nothing to stop the nose from bleeding
so if you don't see the most disgusting
thing in the world please skip 10
seconds ahead of the video if you're
prepared and don't care about blood
because it looks kind of crazy then keep
watching so ten seconds starts now okay
you ready
look at that I look like I've been
punched in the face my nose is waiting
for about five seconds I only fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck
and that was streaming I was like how do
I stop the stream and all itself so I
just stop the stream look at it the
board is like dang watch it it looks
fake it looks like something you would
had for Halloween absolutely disgusting
I know but I want to show you cuz it
looks like I've been shot that is anger
but at the same time kind of crazy okay
two o'clock the next day just waking up
it's time to start my day and end this
vlog so I hope you enjoyed it today's
vlog like so tomorrow's like if you're
watching this now tomorrow's vlog I'm
supposed to be going off to Blackpool
and the sister car but I might be
bailing on it because all I want to do
is no life the new battlefield so I'm
gonna go to bed oh my cool I'm gonna get
up I'm used to so badly saying I'm going
to bed I'm gonna get up now stop today I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog if you
did make sure to leave a like green if
we can hit 2217 like ratings i might do
something special so we'll just have to
wait and see what that is
so until then thank you much makes you
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. the next daily vlog adios
