take a moment to have a toilet break
before we go adventuring for Chris's
birthday present we are indeed starting
today off at a reasonable time it's only
12 o'clock in the afternoon and I'm
waking up here engaged as a potato check
me tired as at it check
Christopher's birthday my best friend
check D receive the card that dropped
off last night check I've seen some
licensed place in my life dad but this
guy's rbj are in front of us we've got
Lee back there kicking back mr. Lee mr.
Lee mr. Lee we're going to a bike shop
because he's Lee's birthday over there I
was going to have a bike and helmet and
stuff from writers gloves riding his
bike when he passes his test like next
week so we're gonna drive to Blackburn
if you woody Blackburn you get far away
I'm gonna hope forget it and yeah you
should be practicing back there I see
you're reading your books your ginger
shit come to that drop-off the only
reason I know that name the drop-off is
from Finding Nemo but it's to do with a
biking cafe very nice just take a look
breakfast in status vegetarian build
your own breakfast american-style
pancakes
then in case someone tries to break in
you throw these at them fam so tired
this morning already in my breakfast
because I'm a true adult you never leave
the house without breakfast which
happens to me all the time but I will
take a yuzu milkshake instead wait why
did you want to film your heart
why'd you want to film your hair take
your half come on let us say it show the
world your pure gingers Corning Wow look
cootie sofa we here at this bike place
you don't earn you don't put your Co on
a hat on a hook and put your bike lock
hmm intriguing what a beautiful little
area we're in dad would you move it it
seems like the start place you'd move to
it for you
Enfield very very not like I was an
insurance cook like others an insurance
company next to a biking cafe where you
break your legs and then go get drunk
okay well there's a goddamn bus Wow did
you ride it
Wow Wow Wow
everywhere you go with my dad it's like
wow look at that okay look at it and
he's always been riding some wait
there's a hitchhiker let's pick them up
let's talk how much you've accidentally
punched them all so let me put the wind
up inside note what a huge whistling
what the fuck is this listen to this oh
this is a fire ah welcome to awesome
awesome awesome
whistle whistle let's watch it again
with awesomest whistle us worst person
yes for the fucking on this weather is
just no kids sunny
therefore the rain should not exist we
have made it to change your center away
from place rocket Santa made it to our
destination well it took us a slide 45
minutes to get here in the camp oven
this is how we got here but either way I
don't so let's go and have a look inside
see we can find him a helmet I'm gonna
look at it sukhani quad bikes which I
don't think they do but have some good
looking bikes here so let's take a look
oh my gosh I forgot my passion for bikes
look at the size of that thing
it is beautiful to see that takes my
fancy that right there BMW not so much
yeah hard definitely and whatever this
is a buek Duke Oh cuz well well
nice it's fucking huge I can't even fit
it in the goddamn the reason why I like
this one so much look at this carbon
fiber that is absolutely delicious how
much fourteen thousand pounds holy shit
that's nice nice and small
nice and small 390 oh god that looks
like a bit of a fun bike yes you guys
keep seeing me looking at cars and stuff
like but honestly my next want purchase
is a quad bike but these are like a
farmer's quad bike to be honest this
one's nice but I'm more after like a
small like Raptor or something like that
Oh kind of like that something like that
over there to be honest so you can just
pop around on it and have fun rather
than it being too big and too bulky
these ones the size a fucking cars
where's this this is the good bit great
fun you can have dirt and don't intent
in when you find oh that's very nice
innit orange ginger suture so juicer I
do have to say that's not a bad looking
combination for you mate
you do look Ginger's bollocks you
actually looks that look sideways what
well like go on possum yeah I'm on donut
looks to tie but you do look 110 percent
not ready to race but 110 percent ginger
dee allied out of all these bikes in
here that is definitely the one I get
that is well my so my gosh I'm in love
well I've got to bike shop it always
like rekindles my passion but with it
I'm not gonna buy it don't you'll you'll
kill yourself on that you'll kill
yourself you'll you will kill yourself
and if I buy you that you'll kill
yourself on the road you listen you'll
find a way you leave a set it on fire
then sit on it awesome cool step away
step away from the bike right now
alright too dangerous too dangerous
yeah thought you two seen your ass
thought you'd soon seen your ass yeah
thought you don't took your shirt as
soon as I said you're good we're gonna
go oh hey don't you fuck up it made this
bike sit I'll knock you into I don't
give a fuck
listen old man I don't even know you
step away from these people be I mean
the wonder why we're fighting in a bike
shop oh I can't take him anywhere my
he's just fucking dangerous fucking
leave me alone bro we knew loads may
seem like keep your minion away from
this
my bounce kick in the head Nate all
right good sir catcher I hope you enjoy
things what are you doing hiding behind
my Jacky days Christopher Mephisto's
birthday and the thing is like you might
be that right Tom what have you actually
got him it's a real gift perfect gift
for Chris honestly and it would've been
so smart of me to do is you know the new
headsets that I got the manor was would
you being give Chris one of them because
I got two of them through that it's like
absolutely brand-new but like an idiot I
ripped out the box so it's just like
yeah I can still give it to him because
he's brand-new but I've kind of like
ripped up the box it's all tore and shit
like that and it's not me buying him a
present that's giving him something that
I have which you know the same time he's
like if it's mine it's mine it's his
money it's mine you know that's
something so could have given him one of
them that way cuz he's got the kitty cat
of the music coming out like the
speakers it would be really loud and
noisy and stuff like that disturbing to
baby disturbing Hannah so I was like
headset perfect gift for Chris but then
I was like will he actually use it I'm
not too sure I don't know so my next
start of action is okay the new iPhone 7
is coming out and that's only got
Bluetooth and I don't know if chris has
a set of bluetooth headphones so what I
try and do is set off don't all the
dance is about set off to curries and go
and get him a set of wireless headphones
from beats by dre if they have a day so
what's going on okay the chances of this
happening right now are insane so I'm
just literally walking out my door right
and I get this package get delivered I'm
like who the hell is living a package at
what half past 7:00 at night and I'm
like what is it so I opened up to take a
look and you cannot make this up it's
another matter more but the thing is
it's the wired version which I need for
myself so here's the wired Manowar that
I'm gonna keep okay Chris if you're
watching this vlog you wonder how this
pan out I'm going to give you the
wireless ones which I wanted to give you
in the brand new clean box so it makes
total sense this way we all win and I
don't have three round headsets that I
can't use so I do get to give Chris a
set of wireless headphones perfect okay
so I just got off the phone with raisin
was like hey raise a quick question is
the Man O'War while is compatible with
Xbox one and they said no Playstation 4
and PC all
my arm fuck sick or like you know it's a
Bluetooth headset and Xbox one doesn't
have accessibility for that so
unfortunately I can't give Chris the man
awards Chris if you're watching this
vlog somehow yeah you didn't get the
gaming headset wait to give you so now
I'm going back to the shop or going to
the shop for the first time to go and
get you some beats by dre headphones
yeah let's do this and if you wonder why
I'm on my phone whilst driving I'm not
why I am but I'm on my drive so it's
private yeah all the way to the shop
geez I probably only ten minutes later I
made it to Curry's okay they've just
upgraded a store with a new layout of
headphones and now I need to make the
hard decision of which ones do I get
into I just getting my purely Wireless
ones I do I get him the wireless ones
that allow him to like go running with
you no I'm saying if I get in the
wireless running ones then they're
probably better more convenient for
everything but the same time they look
like shit and they're not beat so I'm
gonna FaceTime his girlfriend now find
out that didn't help in the slightest
because I showed him these ones like I
draw these ones he's like yeah they're
really cool and then I was like yeah
they've got him in like two different
colors for you to choose from and he was
like wait a minute did he wrap over your
ear and I was like yeah and he's like
I'm not too keen on them so I'm off for
fuck sake then I'm like these ones that
you're after like you know Wireless
beats by dre he's like these better
instead and he was like I don't know I
don't know so now he's literally left me
to make decision at this one or this one
like this is what I was looking to get
him but then I fly down fucking now so
I'm just gonna buy a music stent it's
called Camilla bitch I tried to buy him
a nice birthday present it wouldn't help
me pick him a gift so instead he gets a
honest-to-god 399 headphone set instead
so that's what you get Chris calm a
bitch happy birthday Kristin I wait to
kiss Kevin so she's really know what to
say I'm excited for college e4i sounds
I'm excited don't do it let's be cool
accept your ways a bet you know a best
friend Chris / I did a great job of
Tommy I was doing 20 in a 30 zone may
have got speeding ticket of that but
we're trying a different places but I
just say hopefully I don't get it so on
type of chicken pieces
egg fried rice
an ass kid okey well the Chinese was
absolutely amazing Chris and Hanna a bit
of preoccupied with a baby cell because
he couldn't eat his food because it were
the baby I've put it in the oven to keep
it warm and now I'm gonna wash the
dishes for them and dry them so I can
take a bit of her stress out the hair so
all you need is love I don't wash
machine yeah I totally forgot to show me
an bloody job I did well good okay I
tied it off all the kitchen for them
washed out all the sides wash up all the
pots on put my way just anything that I
can do to like make their life easier
it's it's odd I feel like a jinx and I
kind of think cuz I always kept saying I
was like never seen a baby crying I see
the baby crying I've seen the baby cry
and then the baby cried tonight I was
like oh it's amazing it's actually
crying because I just think it was an
uncrackable baby
it just happened some babies don't get
up it's at flight forever should never
cry obviously now again but like really
just smooth sailing across so I was like
oh shit this baby never cry so when it
cried I was an RA and so whilst whilst
they were bit octopi with a baby I
thought I just take my take a minute to
her take care give them a bit of them
time so that you have no idea where I
just left off talking then well the
Calvin Harris came on and stop me muted
me didn't the bloody car stereo speaker
but nonetheless going on now time to
rock and roll back to bed and when I say
better I even mean play called you
zombies or play multiplayer which I
really need to stop doing some getting
addicted fuck but either way I'm going
home so there we go
you got a guest
however yeah I don't know why we did it
oh these two were holding hands so they
left us fucking third wheel forming on
there who so me and some decided to hold
hands and he thinks I'm gonna let go
before he lets goes so I'm just not
gonna let go so we'll see and now I've
got to stand at the cash machine with
him come on gal your credit card details
come on down take credit card would you
what you call it
it's a debit card oh but worldwide it's
known as a pretty girl no it's not fuck
off
okay update we're outside Wagga Mama's
we literally drove all the way to Trevor
centre just because these guys were food
hey Becky I love Becky she's great with
the blogs means some
still holding guns we do it Browns for
me I brought waxed I've actually always
worked to do that wait why are we
talking about getting eyebrows plucked
and you fucking although let go I refuse
to let go first oh no I'm not doing it
I'm holding onto this relationship I'm
sick I'm taking you till the end Sam
possible in Rome adapt to it
on mine as well rip for the record for
the record we don't let you go you let
go you keep the cat out gaming by I am
attempting what apparently some says is
a really spicy curry and I don't do
spice okay hey judge by Oh No okay it's
spicy it's not that mihalko that is
fucking spicy you say you're sorry to
him so we can get in the car because
otherwise me and we're going to get
distracted and just draw penises haha
Britta oh why is she doing this oh this
skis are at Starbucks is your name the
Dickstein easy you couldn't make your
mind a vest Dean hey hey thank you very
much for this Dean I appreciate even
though we had to pay full price for it
you're saying no just saying hey look
after yourself ah thank you very much
for watching the videos I'm now gonna be
a white ass motherfucker with my pumpkin
spice latte stay no building a brown
another fucking chocolate bite to settle
a fucking coke Oh pop Oh feels good to
be making my way to bed at 2:30 in the
morning
I know it's I know it's still really
late it's still really really late but
it feels good to get in bed at this time
rather than you know the whole six a.m.
sort of thing that I've been doing
recently so ya know random going driving
around in my car tonight good simply
chill out relax and watch that goes for
the next six hours and room uh slip
schedule even more fuck oh you know
about editing the vlog and get it up on
time I'm saying this it
so let's hope this went up at six boys
my brother's birthday my older brother's
birthday today
so we're going out tonight for that
celebration of times I don't think I
have a shirt or anything like that so I
might have to go and get one but
nonetheless I'm gonna wrap up today's
vlog thank you very much for watching
there's Ryan oh there's Thomas and we're
going to try and find an item as to
which to cut with a samurai sword today
so until then catch you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching leave five like
ratings each like dislike like dislike
like yeah fabric like ratings each I'll
see you tomorrow thanks watching it is
