it's just dangerous it's just so
dangerous ah nude all nude a hotel room
you were awesome as a two-star Hotel but
you know what I give it 5 out of 10
comfy ass bed there was a bed for my dad
there's a bed for me and me my dad ended
up sharing a bed
why I've no idea what oh wait there's
two what what an even more what dancers
have there being too old-school jag use
outside this place I'm staying on a
check you're a test track date is
impressive
okey-dokey John's whereabouts are with
them so that was the public stayed out
last night
cute little quaint thing and apparently
there's a littler cafe my father's at
having a humble breakfast
that's car antiques this is exactly what
I needed this time in the morning
absolutely 100% food oh my God look at
this thing that is so nice look at it
the exact same one on one as well oh
that is beautiful
O'Reilly and don't meet the beasts we've
just been going through the entire night
this is our drive that we've got all day
without an absolutely beautiful big blue
killing all Khyber trim Jaguar f-type
SVR this thing is 201 miles per hour
this thing is that goddamn bitch we got
a private track all to ourselves so it's
gonna be absolutely sweet as tits so I'm
not okay it's gonna take us on the track
for about like 15 minutes now just drive
as round drive me right on the drive my
dad round this track days for me but I
thought I'd bring my dad for the sake of
it even though I'm gonna lose track time
doesn't really matter but we're then
gonna get to driving all day until half
three we feel like we got hours with it
so I'm well excited oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh let's go my first
time actually not even just as a
passenger driving it today
right when I trust you I love you can
you drift we'll find out later how to
deafen yourself for the Jaguar SVR gone
dog that's dangerous
so this is gonna be my first time ever
driving a Jaguar f-type let alone an SV
ah so we've got the goal prop there
that's hopefully gonna film it we're
gonna do loads different shots
throughout the day so why if I crash it
I'm sorry we should I'm thinking fingers
crossed I'm not gonna put my chairs
close to the wheel as possible look at
this bad boy with beautiful puddles on
and everything so we're just gonna give
it a smooth ride round out and just see
how things go and I didn't realize how
awesome this like glass roof would be
for like mounting GoPros and stuff so
let's try this study was like yeah if
you wanna bring a steering really closer
you can and usually you have like a
lever that you pull down and there just
it yourself look at this yes this is
sick and Wells you watch him something
you turn the dial to the right turns out
to write a what what oh oh this thing is
beautiful I need it all right let's all
don't crash this thing right
and then we just need that Huzur done
yeah oh my god you think I can fit that
for their ropes huh but you got loads of
money got about a foot and a half points
really booty elbow just got in the Karen
you testing me driving skills Lud okay
so now we're on a straight yeah no cars
behind there's no cars in front of us
and it's a sport ready to go so I can
just for it now yeah all the wheel oh my
 good Oh believe a second
I need a second Jesus tits on a
fine cake why did we have a in that mode
earlier do I wanna be next excited it
hit me Madeleine save me oh my god holy
 this thing is a beast it's an
absolute beast I'm sorry like I almost
didn't film a reaction I should have
like got Moroccan first ever driving it
ball doing the sports dynamic world I
need this car I need this car in my life
now hopefully my dad doesn't crash it
all right how do you think what was it
like then then nice really I was the
lumps Allah oh how is the sport mode
very good I could write this off with it
oh yeah scary but how much does it grip
yeah oh yeah is it look at it it's a
demon it's a demon on wheels
absolutely viewers well like the thing
is it does have carbon trim here which
the other one I was looking at doesn't
so I might have to do to my bad life I
do decide to get it well this is ver
nice this thing wobbles so much right so
right now we're in Park not gonna go
anywhere and is it when X alright feel
it wobble sounds like it's gonna sound
like we've got a flamethrower slash
machine without the back
spit
fortunately we couldn't drift it because
it was just too dry right just too dry
cause it's simple like the cat I think
the car is too good
you like peasants yeah that's why I
thought she's gonna go off in the SPR
now so I'm fired - yeah it's just the
cars - good that it it wouldn't drink
but you know what at least that's a good
thing so I know when I'm following it
around the country corner back home I'll
be nice and safe we're going keep burgle
when keeper go and I had no idea at them
white lights on the back okay it's four
exhausts in all its glory
are you ready good man you ready for it
like you've never fought it before
sports mode dynamic engaged all right
let me get ready
Jesus kill myself in this thing alright
so what this is going to be is I don't
know if you can even see it I'm gonna
check the footage when I get back but
it's going to be a timed race from here
to the end of this little lap section
using the stopwatch show yourself and
start it and then you'll be the
adjudicator to see who did it faster
alright so you gotta keep my dad engine
in the same spec same everything so let
him like do a few laps and then do it
was meant to win my dad thinks he's
gonna win and my dad does know how to
push a car more than me cuz he's got
more drivers you're like four years
driving experience screw dad you gonna
beat me well right so we're going to
give it a go like and just see how
things go right fingers crossed no
crushing we got this right you're gonna
get it cows in yep three two one
enjoyed swimming
it's late it leaves hide the track
Greg's a people rankled Rhydian I have
expected
oh hi shut did you watch the Briggs man
yep
45 seconds I tell you what let's go
round I did it in 45 and it will see how
quick you can do it in yeah you've got a
smash this now yeah you've got so much
pressure on your shoulders
alright alright I McLaren wait for it
wait for it wait for it wait for it
where is it
come on there it is this is better so in
three two one go
drifted attracted a Jesus chance
they said you're gonna go she somewhat
out of tasing us
he's a bad bad run 17 seconds I think
rather the finish line
the gee boss this is not this is the
most insane kind of every day in my life
and I'm like the only reason you baby
sister
oh all that gone good one foot bang boy
- and you flew it he was giving
it here oh I'll be back
hey good job man alright Ken you're up
the challenge is on bitch alright I did
the start of the small track to the end
of it in 45 seconds right the challenges
on your yes yes and when you Reggie
eight mate alright screw that
another rough part of the record he flew
round it in 42 and and I mean it when he
fought he floored it did you did you
hold back that not be lying to me so
it's your turn I don't know how this
came about but we're talking about these
tyres over here right and why down this
one exercise you went yeah you're gonna
throw them away I'm like oh they're
gonna throw these ties are actually
worth 4,000 pounds with the ties thrown
out because apparently they're used used
mate I'm trying to swindle them off
these guys so I can give one away to you
guys why I just I just don't have seen
him get thrown away basically what you
go
in the afternoon
shake it off again on camera he's not
gonna be up music what's your time 45
what if I walk what was my time set for
45 I think I'm out of Nvidia like 45
points three maybe was your turn wait
two point one two yeah you do it lady on
top gear yeah 43 0.160 cover left story
time so basically my dad didn't record
his lap time first time around so he had
to go and do it again so we actually
recorded so now we don't over get it
faster I would be slower
he's got smirk on his face someone check
and find out all right let's see forty
two point three again 42 2 942 T nice he
did it quicker holy snap
good job lat
he went after two
things like LinkedIn yep
I know I said
maybe Riggs
like Samaria
four key helmet you're mad you
mad you like Jesus guys
tied up
six seconds good wisdom yes wow that
makes all the difference that's so much
more fun that's what I'd like to do
today that is what I want you to do
today oh my god good work
oh all right
my dad's - it must we've got time give
my dad three hours and then you do want
oh my god
this person
like what
here we go oh he's got small this place
fresh II don't know yeah um what 105 I
still be here damn murder hey listen you
can handle like the tight corners all
that sauce off I'm built for speed not
efficiency
all right let's say let's say let's say
oh we say say up the door
I'll fast Oh
57 seconds from a standing start
double double go I won't know we go get
out oh my god nailed it
alright well I don't think I'm gonna be
57 seconds no damn way at all but I'm
gonna try and be a mini Oh actually a
minute on the door
they ultimately
Cynthia
that's my return
right sister salad
oh yes oh that was quite like 59 seconds
holy oh my god yes yes oh my god ha
ha oh my god
what wait in today wake up I got it
right on a minute right on a minute hey
I got one minute zero 150 seconds all
right yeah hey yeah oh my god look the
first up that we times I did 103 again
and then the last one for date round you
are a living legend thanks man oh this
has been one hell of an amazing day team
thank you so much I really appreciate it
you're a living legend and Laura in
there is absolutely incredible for
making this happen this is exactly what
what dad you've had fun this is exactly
what I wanted to do today eggh exactly
what I wanted to do today absolutely
amazing and we're back to where we
started and back in the pub legend
behind the bar it recognized me we
thought we'd like combine a get some
food photo starts at 6:00 so cuz it's
time to edit the vlog just rest because
like going that fast and pushing your
body to the extremes has got my head
like twisted on it yours I've been a
roller coaster all day don't you
but unreal like such a good day like
judges thank you so much it was amazing
and I really really appreciate guys if
you could all like tweet blog like tom
says you're legends like if you do I'll
retweet a bunch thank you so much for
like so so awesome of them above and
beyond for us like you wouldn't want to
the races people wanna racing and then I
smash the other one I've got a minute on
that laptop just not so nonetheless
great day well yeah
tell you that that looks really good
you're the Dominion probably a smash
Curtis gravity judges food was really
really good like I'm gonna give it a
solid eight and we've been any point one
actually there was my given at eight
point one is because I tried my dad's
ribs which he was supposed to give me a
half of but at the ball they were
delicious really really good as exactly
I needed hit that spot chef thank you oh
well yesterday's vlog was late by a
whole forty minutes because I try to
upload and through my phone cuz I
thought it'd be fast turns out I wasn't
and I should have just used the hotel
Wi-Fi because they had well faster than
their if you can't tell I'm at the
bloody airport
and that's a lot of glass hands-down the
quickest I've ever got through London
Heathrow security doesn't change the
fact that I am still like but I can't
tell whether I'm tired from lack of
sleep on my body's that wrecked from the
amount of g-force that experienced today
I'm gonna guess it's like g-force cuz I
feel like I got off a roller coaster
know
because that is how this ride day felt
incredible so much fun but mind that
g-force that was the easiest I just
bought an iPhone I literally just walked
on if you go any of these in stock
iPhone 7 plus anyway yeah we got the jet
black which is the one I won in two five
six gigabytes side that that easy I'm
finally getting one well that might be
the most depressing thing ever
the guy thought I said iPhone 7 it's not
so important so they don't have one in
stock therefore I don't get to get one
yet nothing I'm so devastated right now
like I was like that would be the
perfect end to a day if I could have
picked up a seven-course but
unfortunately no bueno
I've got one more shot that I can try
downstairs to see if they have any stock
is that see if they have any stock
downstairs I doubt he'll grill at all
but I can always track last place of
Thugga try as well Dickson's they don't
have in stock either when am I gonna get
this iPhone wait well they just made you
open to the air we're already kicking
back with the in our biscuits and our
enjoy a glass the red one to the top of
the cup
good day to afford an adventure that
hopefully this class of web by red wine
red wine doesn't turn into a wrestling
match with no saturation cookies tonight
ah terminal 3 we meet again and we're
still with dad this time for some reason
he still followed me in Thai way home
strange man and it's back to reality
howdy TT I love you okay I fell thank
you very much for an awesome day yeah
now you see I was gonna get in bed and
ignore the ball but then I got a
nosebleed and then I decided I'd rather
get in the back I hardly ever use this
thing it's about time I do nosebleed and
everything I'm gonna wrap up today's
vlog real quick guys I want to thank you
all for watching
I pause pause this a second I wanna take
take out the blue two hopefully you guys
and see that was nasty I honestly want
to thank you guys so much for like the
opportunity of vlogging like I don't say
this a lot and it's just the opportunity
to being able to do YouTube ought to do
vlogging so it allows me to travel it
allows me like out the house allows me
to do so much cool stuff and today it
was like massive evidence of it like for
you guys I managed to buy my granddad a
Jaguar which was amazing like he
absolutely loved that was like well the
best videos I've ever made it was like
doing the greatest feeling see my
granddad so happy and I might do it with
you guys and from that jag you invited
me to that test track day and that ended
up being one of the best days of my life
it was absolutely incredible and it was
so much for an account where he to short
my grand at the voyage like it's gonna
be amazing but I just want to thank you
all so much I appreciate every single
one of you watches the videos like this
stays in touch really like Twitter like
communication light is key look like
seeing the feedback from you guys I
always read the comments and stuff I and
like I would keep my own the people
always will return and come back all the
time so honestly thank you so much just
just for everything like I do say it a
lot but I just want to express how much
like you guys are awesome you're really
really awesome so until next time which
is tomorrow
daily vlogs 6 p.m. UK time or I do try
I'll see you guys there thank you very
much for watching and just stay awesome
hope you guys have an awesome day
awesome life and you just great people
so thank you very much for watching and
a Dios
