please husband please affair Oh heavenly
we awake to try and find ourselves some
breakfast do we have a just ham yes we
do
perfect perfect when we abound I will
take an orange juice and there's nothing
wrong with a back of Cuevas Oh Karen
Alice welcome your faces - who wants to
be a significant regional employee
millionaire there's a scratch card
there's a scratch card there's just
scratching device and there's your
scratches okay you ready you do realize
if we win with puck in this job okay so
for entry we have to do this game one
find a finger did anyone find a finger
no no finger off Alice don't rush it
we're doing it turn by turn what did you
find mom I am family cross fingers okay
I'll see if I can find a cross finger no
crossing rallies all right Alice time to
open yours and theirs if your if yours
was it if yours weighs more than theirs
you win a prize
will she get it yes what one what did
you win I don't know Topanga we want our
money back okay you didn't win that one
and then Oh watch it that look you know
when the walnut leg was burning allies
we're on to the next one
scratch your symbols and see what
winning symbols are gonna be wow these
tips crush them as to what your winning
symbols in me
okay so you got golden cape okay how
many ways get going kick scratch yours
well golden cane a pot of gold you just
need to get one of them come so pop Oh
pop yeah well they had nothing there
she gets my on the next one - no no ah
close oh no that was close well look a
pot of gold you tried right mom your
turn all right scratch you got to these
two and I'll give you symbols okay okay
a diamond is good all right now you got
scratched these off and if you get one
of them and you win them all of them off
wash one straight away then no it's just
a swing yeah
Oh just think positive woman you didn't
buy it I did come on nothing on the
first row what'd you get on the second
one but you can no no no I'm giving up
on you two you're both fucking useless
you don't want anything sure all right
sheriff you want it tell Vera oh my
mom's come up with a conspiracy here
that apparently has to do with the
silver coins to win so go on go on
scratch then crush them let's see if you
know conspiracy words no that one I said
it's great article match two symbols and
you win a prize
go on one show me the conspiracy Charlie
conspiracy I'll wait
conspiracy doesn't work does it I didn't
win yeah well that's what I just said it
doesn't work you sausage no it's
fabulous gone in the two numbers add up
his head you've won a prize don't you um
oh my god Sarah yeah good job next one
maps two symbols and you can win I'm so
Carly so you're when you suck tariffs on
cash you know yeah okay Tommy's temp up
there you go well you want to come get
there's not what you want when he quit
uppers son tuft wait time for me to see
if I want anything
bears don't want them to me speed
winning
uh nothing Tim went on the first one
next one
Martin weighs more than s 17 verses 14
yeah alright and that's how you open
this the screen babe you open up all
your prizes first and then you look at
your thing
limo mm um no tenor Sam super they're
gonna be Allison all right quick
all right if we if you remember to say
you're not sponsored by coming off again
7:3 add up to 10 Tammy you've won 30
quid on one car don't wanna get to an A
and up to 10 this is the best look I've
ever
yeah I'm not sponsored by this Mel do I
on the website I mean no oil I would
again no you haven't
two necklaces so much anyone oh my god
wait wait wait wait wait wait we're sure
the view is quick quick Oh 17 is higher
than 14 so 10 nothing there was a limo
and I worn a limo and that was a tenner
and then I got seven and three add up to
10 tenner
two and a add up to 10 Turner necklace
necklace tenor then as well are we so
the three scratch cards cost 30 pounds
for we 170 quid sell then a squeeze
success with we buy quavers let's go
success I'm here at syndicate original
I'm just gonna give some massive shout
outs to some people because I just found
this list that basically is the names of
people who've actually ordered the new
Trigon shirt so much love Trevor is
supporting the clothing line Jade Hewitt
thank you very much Anthony Bridgewater
thank you very much
Conor Clark are you very much Tom Mooney
Jonathan brash as an awesome name Laura
goddess um god√≠s has a cool name Joe
Meyers
way say get this get this Laura
Somerville as a dope name Lawrence new
Agra look new juror new Jean new genre
that's interesting name that step cool
Steven Harris don't you say Steve Norris
no and more rainforest thank you very
much for everyone's support in the
golden line really appreciate
guys legends little don't shit okay so I
haven't even begun begun I've begun to
edit um
yesterday's vlog because I've got so
many clips that are in slow motion and
stuff like that I don't know why my
nostrils so big what now I just don't
know how to edit into the vlog if you
wonder why I was moving then it's cuz I
didn't from my home right not going on
fuck fun story this is the actual same
exact place that I'm like when I first
got the car after like two weeks of
owning it I parked at the car didn't
leave the handbrake on and he started
rolling down the hill and I had to chase
after him no joke
beautiful another day of rain in England
puddle splash I improvised myself an
umbrella a box of wheat oats for only 2
pounds 15 oh you see when that's at 4
and that was it there that means I was
supposed to be somewhere not inside my
house so I will take my weakest aid I
will take my car keys and we will go
looking around a house now I'm not
buying it I'm just looking at the
decoration for help and ideas of cabinet
and furnishings certain rooms in my
house what the hell I thought my lounge
smelled funny and now I know why I left
my Chinese food in here shit very good
whoa that's well nice what a cool cool
design that's me what an interesting
book holder you unscrew them store your
books in screw back up but just sat here
in my car and this little bugger thinks
is gonna have me off we're doing what's
he doing what you're doing this is gonna
give him a name Sabian I don't know I
just say be on the squirrel if I don't
wants to meet up with savings gun they
don't want to make some fun out of
saving the squirrel and wondering what
the hell he's doing outside the house
and I appreciate it Oh saebom squat
there is a sorry tale are you going to
say bin I see you champion hey bud don't
leave me okay Jones all right ladies and
gentlemen this is the moment of truth
this is Sony Vegas 12 I've just bought
Sony Vegas Pro 14 which is like
editing software yes I should have
changed to premiere which everyone
recommends but I just really like Sony
Vegas the panel of the new ones really
good so what we can try and work out now
is whether or not I can import I don't
know this is GoPro voyage immediately
into this without it breaking so let's
go to shooting GoPro footage what is
this - you want the problem yes always
correct
does it work and does it stutter oh my
god it does laughs yes let's just live
my life ten times and if you're
wondering why that just made my life ten
times better
what I was doing in the past is I was up
in to import footage into my computer
put it into a program called handbrake
which basically remade the fighting like
took it apart and put it back together
which could corrupt it put the video in
weird orders all sorts of shit and just
like infuriated me but now I could put
the voyage immediately into Saudi
baggage which is great so now we're
gonna test an iPhone clip his work
moment of truth drag all the clips in
will it load will it load don't crash
just don't crash wait wait wait oh oh
fuck no this can't be happening
this as you guys were no it's not
negotiable 2:35 in the morning oh never
late enough for noodles bitch it's very
very early right now I'm fortunate woah
that was wrong born the lies were
supposed to come on not go off because I
woke up really late my sleep schedule is
now screwed again and I went ahead and
found myself a new Network show to get
addicted to what is it called the Big
Bang Theory
oh boy there we go ladies and gentlemen
I finally just got done it is now 9
o'clock I think I've been working on
this man for like two hours saw things
sony vegas pro 14 so far really really
good handles iphone files when you don't
bulk load them really really well and it
handles GoPro footage incredibly smooth
so got it all edited render it out right
now this is not just it the timeline
goes on for
like look at the size of it so I finally
got this video out if you guys didn't
see this yesterday I'll put a link down
in the scripture I'd really appreciate
if you guys can go and watch it and
there's not a lot of times ever asked
you guys to share a video but if you
could show why is my camera over here
but if you guys could share the video
I'd really appreciate this because it's
like a combination of a shooting in slow
motion like you like using GoPros using
a big camera over here like I made a
really really good video and I'd really
appreciate if you guys could share it
out there so links down the description
I hope you enjoy if you do like on
average like 250 to 300 thousand people
watch these vlogs if 10% of that amount
people shared it on Facebook and stuff
like that that would be absolutely like
incredible so thank you to everyone who
supports like musing you tubers is that
something so your Legends also must have
shout out to whoever these people are
who gave me this alien pop figurine
thank you very much and also whoever
gave me perfect cell pop figurine
because they didn't actually even know
as he was from all they did and my
sister didn't tell me
so whoever they were off thank you very
much I really appreciate it as tradition
goes I am ending this vlog the next day
so I hope you enjoyed it if you did make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
don't forget to check out that video
down in the description I actually
uploaded it yesterday this is kind of a
bummed out thing right now
I actually loaded it really late
yesterday with like the videos up but
unfortunately I had set the video down
midway through the night so can a suck
so if you're watching this vlog right
now then the video went live pretty much
the exact same time right right after it
so there we go woo hope you guys enjoy
it so until tomorrow thank you very much
for watching I'm going test driving the
Jaguar tomorrow so it's actually pretty
goddamn sweet and we're flying now to
London to get there so get ready for
adventure day of vlogging with my dad
so yeah we'll see how that goes
