and it is 10:00 to 6:00 in the afternoon
I'm only just starting my day my blog
from yesterday is always just uploading
so sorry about that
absolutely nothing today but wake up out
of my bed have a meeting with my
accountant and then got the text that I
get to go and see my god dot off the
first ever time and I've been invaded by
sheep it looks like damn chops anyone
that's kind of just really mean as a kid
I used to go mean sauce yeah that's
really mean as well right so Chris and
Hannah are back at home and I'm gonna go
around to see the baby in a second but
obviously I'm gonna get the supplies
fish and chips she can chicken salt
pepper and then I'm just really a
completely flat with them and see the
baby with the first time ever so I am
very very excited I'm now going to
introduce you to Ariela
oh she's absolute oh my god she's
beautiful
he's held you are you doing she came in
at 8 pounds 12 ounces what do I guess
Chris 5 yeah I was way off with that but
she's gonna be the next YouTube star
yeah I was gonna say putting the big
light on made some angry Erica like they
did it
this is Ariella she's most likely about
to poo on me I'll throw up on me I've
scratched me with these amazing nails
that she's got rocking and rolling here
be very careful baby but the big light
came on and she was not happy I'm saying
no oh oh look like I just feel like I'm
not holding I'm like if you want to move
you go for a barrel roll you can do it
it's all on you she's just out of feed
so there's probably gonna be a mess in
about t-minus 12 seconds so I'm gonna
let you go I'm gonna hold on to the baby
till then oh oh oh
while she's guarding hello what's she
doing what's she doing your little
adorable little baby I'm trying my best
to hold her and a lot more tasks Ava I
think he's working you awake now you
awake
yep I'm what she seen yourself yet in
like a mirror oh you're just rumbling
for a jungle it out yeah oh you be
passing I think she's peeing right now
just do it she when she does that
humdinger face yep she's dropping a pill
now she's exhausted what any both hands
again she's so adorable right now it's
got the hiccups log oh she's just like
every she's like a little riveting frog
oh it's like that like turn men into
mush right now this is what babies do to
you you done oh another one and another
one
Oh
feel like is a bomb that's about to go
off I'm like no no no no no no never in
my life of growing it with Chris but I
ever think at 23 years old I'd see him
changing a baby's nappy and making cute
noises and things to it oh I love you
mate I'm so proud of you
oh yeah you like it's just like I'm
taking her back to bed oh oh you so cute
oh I'm so happy for them it's absolutely
ridiculous I don't honestly like you see
babies you know when someone says that's
a really cute baby it's a really cute
baby like a really cute baby it looks
just like Hannah cuz she's a
good-looking woman Chris you know the
absolute fuck but you know what adorable
baby
I can't wait to see it again but I'm
gonna even break and let them know when
they want me to come round because every
night when people have a baby everyone
comes on like oh good so you can be so
come see another like stressing out and
need the time because you don't have a
lot of sleep so looking forward to going
back to them again I could hold that
baby all that's it it could entertain
the shit out me and then probably shit
on me made it back home and I'm like
okay what's the plan of action now I'm
gonna get monster energy down me play
some zombies maybe livestream I'll make
a video because now I'm back I want to
just make gaming videos like it's a
thing that I really want I want to make
lots of gaming videos I wanna do slither
I will do some Q&A I want to do a
syndicate like Saturday video every week
where cuz I travel and I meet all these
youtubers that no one's stuff I like
what why not meet them and do like an
awesome video with them like like a
collaboration and I just thought I
really need to do it so I'm thinking
maybe this Saturday I collaborate with
my dad on my sister even though they're
not youtubers and introduce the name of
the new sod so what could we do leave
some comments down below knock I don't
think the guy would appreciate me doing
real life fruit ninja and I'm pretty
sure I remembered nigga Higa doing that
and him scaring his nose bought it
could make interesting video I don't
know let me know but I do know is that
there is no milk in this fridge and
there is no cold monster energy drink so
what I'm gonna do it's only half past
eight and I've only been awake for like
four hours I think it will pop out to
the shop get some milk get some drinks
and then come back and make some video
content sounds like a plan
I cannot believe a bottle of lucozade
for that big is one Panther you want
what you see 70 P inflation hey there yo
it's torn I've finished recording my new
series for my gaming channel but a core
it is Ami's for your faces in this music
was into right now is a cinder syndicate
the sound of syndication albums so don't
worry about cover art thank fuck for
that if we take a look the videos are
rendering and I'm back to release it in
one a day I think I'm maybe one day one
a day 30 minute videos for your faces
cuz everyone's been asking me to stop
doing like two three hour long videos
and go back to like 20 to 30 min episode
so I have done if you're watching this
today the chances are that the first
episode went live if you did I'll try
moment to put it in the description so
if I did do that I almost have a fucking
pat on the back but they have been
playing for hours so you guys gonna like
its new series it's pretty good it's
taking me back to like my roots of like
gaming videos now like you know like
when I do destroy me like streaming your
sponges just do a stream that's it but
when you end up doing like a I kept to
our live stream before our last resort
it burns you out so much and you can't
just keep doing it doing it doing like
that's what I used to do with twitch and
I stream on Twitch for like a full year
with like miner and all sort of stuff
and that's I got to a million followers
and everything like that but for making
gaming content just live videos I used
to let play a zombies map why anything
say even last an hour two hours three
hours or whatever and I would cut them
into either 15 to 30 minute episodes and
then give daily uploads like
consistently throughout the week so
people like yeah I can watch this and it
was absolutely perfect then I got hooked
on uploading like 1/2 hour through our
videos which was like good for me
because I could just like boom get it up
straight away and it's all there and it
doesn't take my computer like forever to
upload separate videos all that sort of
stuff but the biggest criticism I got
from that was like Tom people were like
Tom I don't have time to sit here and
watch to our videos
I'd rather on a daily basis come back
and watch like a 20 minute video 30
minute video so I'm going back to basics
with the the uploads on the syndicate
project I say this India project it's on
syndicate channel like this is life of
Tom and that is syndicate like 8 I will
always probably keep calling this
syndicate central and the syndicate
project and like life of Tom and all
that but we eat shit I just get used to
it over time I need to keep saying life
of Tom a lot of people still gets scared
they're like oh my god your channel name
changed by apps and I'm like no I made
that decision purposely so I know you
guys can't see shit by the way I'm just
walking around the dark right now
closing all the curtains in my house of
which I have no idea what my new ones
come I got some nice fancy ass bitches
coming to do take a look inside here
because I believe I do have oh my gosh
look how good that fella is oh my gosh
that sauna is amazing oh yeah Harry
Potter you little bastard come here
who's this oh no we've already got John
Cena
we got on our 2d it fell off what is it
with it come on Harry what is it with
this guy it just constantly falls off
everything you fucking drunk man into
thy basement we go I decided that
carrying them one by one was a bad idea
so I thought screw it I'm taking the
entire bag and oh my god can't see shit
my pavement why is it so dark it's
happening you're all here seeing it
first that confirmed syndicate is a
brony with his pony and I just have to
do a massive shout out to Kyle by the
way he was throwing hooked us up with
Russell as well as Jemima good the girl
character II kept fallin I guarantee
she's falling in the floor again where
is she
the hell did I do with her I don't have
a balanced her against something when
she starts I stood up there's a woman
character along who just kept falling
over unless I kind of like rage quit
moved her over here oh there she is yeah
this one kept falling over now you see
these holes in the bottom of them they
come with platforms that I've just
realized that the ones with thin legs
actually come with platforms I never
noticed so we have to try and find
another platform to get her to stand up
she just kept falling over like a drunk
bastard
so this one is sawn from Sherlock ranch
like what sure I bought we dragon of
character so we can just throw this down
here onto the collection oh for God's
sake it fuck the small ones fall off and
it just start up its fucking ah and
there we go we've put down here with a
bright head mothertrucker the pony
the brony
move this one up a bit we need some
space and going there with the bro what
is going on with me spacing man this is
getting this getting difficult it's just
getting too getting too cramped up I'm
pretty sure point is that an assassin
like I remember if that's an assembly
which one is that one I'm pretty sure
that's supposed to go though the world
walker funds but I'm not convinced but
there's my brownie opponent
there's no pony added to the collection
there and then I added in Russell or
Pierre just chillin look at him is
reunited rakal yes yeah Mon the
collection looks so good I made this
like the collection warriors up here
which I think was pretty cool and am I
actually like he's calling he's called I
think I might ring the spa and to the
front because if you guys don't know
this is the first ever one a ball I'm
pretty sure and say no this is the first
one I ever bought so let's put a king
leonidas to the front oh yeah cause
you've already got a jacks bar on the
front so I might as well put Jack's bar
at the back over there so guys we got
Jack Sparrow I'm pretty sure it's a dead
tonight
we've got predator and we've got king
king leonidas mm-hmm and I've got so
many more of these big ones to add along
and a lot of people brought me Harry
Potter ones recently so yeah I'm gonna
add these to the collection but I'm
really looking forward to next month I
believe is a cancer research month for
like you know get like the month of
awareness for cancer so I think next
month is where we're going to raise the
one hundred thousand pounds in memory of
Alec and really I'm really hoping that
we can absolutely smash it I'm gonna try
and set everything up before the month
rolls around so like when I announced
that like the page is open for donations
we're just absolutely smash exciting you
guys I don't know we can do it we just
gotta stick together
I'm thinking of maybe releasing The
Syndicate limited edition like t-shirt a
poster like how does it turn on or
something like that
oh my god it went really dark and then
like our syndicate like fight against
counts the PO can support so like we did
for motor neurone disease and I'll be
absolutely wicked if we can manage that
so let's do this 100,000 pounds is the
target I'm thinking of 25,000 shaving
the beard 50,000 shaving the mustache
and 100,000 die in the hair but what we
should really do is that one hundred and
thirty three thousand three hundred
thirty seven we should dye the hair I
can't you know so then it's like the
same thing for motoneuron as I did for
cancer I think that we pretty as a
that's a cooler I did but okay let's go
and see how my renders doing more more
more wise Calvin I was playing in there
man it's copywriters tits I can't play
in this music and we've got an hour left
watch when I say we've got an hour left
we don't have an hour left we've got an
hour left to make the first video and
there's tons of them so this computer's
going to explode at the end of the day
of course it would be now 5:30 in the
morning my videos haven't still finished
rendering I've got a few amore which is
great considering I have potato internet
you can see how tired I look because I
have now gotten into a bad sleep
schedule and I generally don't know what
I can possibly do about it in the
slightest it's not the same day well
technically it's the same Beibei same
bag it is indeed the same day but
basically I ended up just fall asleep at
like 6:00 a.m. and Walker put to work
like 12:00 in the afternoon so kinda
wasted half a day with sure it's my
brother's birthday so and in tomorrow's
vlog you'll see what I got my brother as
a birthday present the ginger one who I
think is 37 so because he's 37 that
means we need to hit 37 like ratings on
today's vlog so if you do want to do it
you can win a free Samsung controller by
making sure we only get 37 likes
challenge accepted if so leave a like
rating subscribe I'll catch you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog whoa
sorry I thought there's a pigeon about
to find my window
