I've discovered that our hotels but our
hotel has the world's smallest tape
measure and the world's smallest stapler
oh my god I'm keeping it I'm assuming
that if I take this I won't get charged
to my room for it because it looks like
a free accessory I don't want you to
take the box are we riding in style
today we raised this our uber I don't
know where is it is he leaving
oh did you vote hey yo why I thought it
was gonna be less busy after the Chinese
New Year but it seems even busier to be
honest it's not raining today so a
temple of a thousand Buddha's here we
come beep god I'm saying this right now
I want to buy that car and project out
like that I think it's one of the
coolest quickest maybe not quickly it's
just coolest cars to trick out cuz you
like when I used to play like need for
speed and stuff like that that was
always my go-to cow you ready for a
temple you ready for a little dog unit
in the seat of the car that's a very
nice Mouse right but here we are I think
I think this is it I'm assuming it is I
don't know what to expect I don't know
what to find we're just gonna go for it
we're definitely can smell it yeah we're
definitely the right place all you can
smell is incense and apparently thank
you for pointing out guys apparently
that looked to blow try and blow out
your incense didn't know that great I
was gonna say that looks like a bonsai
tree but don't think it is right
oh my goodness be they're trying to
escape they're climbing on top of each
other oh wait why is this one got water
and this one doesn't
what's happened to you guys oh look how
small that one is oh this guy doesn't
even care he's walking on top of him
what are you doing are you guys all
doing oh god there's so many of you like
I gotta be honest if you're at the very
bottom of that pile you can't have
screwed there is no crawling out if
you're that guy there like he's
officially stock stock poor little dude
and how the hell did they even get up
there not too sure
do you know this one do you know the
name
I I'm not even gonna suggest anything
because I don't want to ruin the name
but respect all these elephants not
looking suspicious at all nothing in
this then that one just stands out what
there's just like toys every I guess
there are gifts or whatever yeah look at
more wow wow
there's absolutely tons of them told you
man all about that culture all about
that culture
now as to guess what this is I'm not
sure maybe a dragon dog what I don't
know whose monkeys around here
what are you doing yeah we walked all
the way up those steps saw someone
walking up turn around and walk back
down turns out this is a monastery
I wasn't sure at all I just saw
incentives invite I was like in
monastery yeah this is a cemetery whoops
as the monkey he just shook the trail
all the branches for how monkey what are
you doing he's chillin he's chillin
where you going oh you know there's a
temple of monkeys you better know we'd
go in there and feeding them to be fair
we got out the car we walked to there
and then walked through that if we would
have like gone slower we would have seen
that massive massive sign there that
says go that way that's silly
there's statues they don't ask for money
you're my people there was some people
paint you that's called asking for money
that's impressive but they're genuinely
serious about this whole fake monk thing
okay why do monks ask for money anyway
just like yeah yeah here we go
a thousand ten thousand Buddha's
monastery look at this right start
counting I'd get a date start going one
two what the heck happened here some of
these look kinda spooky yeah that guy
got food on and then this guy looks so
intense with awesome facial hair I'm
liking it I'm liking it there's so many
they're all different aren't they every
single one of them is different I really
want to see Terracotta Army it's got
double honor
what me
how long must it taken to meet all these
this is nuts
oh my gosh you keep going I declare this
is the monastery of 9999 monks there's
clearly one missing
I'm spite I've spotted the fall they
need to rebrand this guy's in Gaul leg
Oh another one no - mrs. o 9,000 nope
what nine thousand hundred ninety-seven
now yeah no six five four is it worth it
yes but the shocked face you have was
almost as good as his this guy this
guy's Tsar dude so like he actually is
I'm not even joking I'm kind of spooked
up by a lot of these to be fair like
there's a lot of detail cut like look at
this one holding its bottle so like
elegantly like really real doesn't read
my book or anything I really tried like
don't blink don't you burst out giggling
come on you see like these two have kind
of been like wow he's yeah he's massive
bit a mustache that's kind of real scary
no but look like these ones haven't
really been looked after that well but
this guy yo this guy's got a fresh coat
pain he looks good this monk definitely
did something wrong and this guy's about
to bitch-slapping well which one that
one the resemblance is uncanny
Wow Wow oh wow he's got some good stuff
in there
wait this guy's a small guy I'll say
well drunk a nice day no tape
oh yeah oh yeah I thought he only had
one finger by now for the record before
people are like oh this is well
disrespectful talking about them listen
if she comes to places like you got
appreciate it we're appreciating the
quality and the detail but also the
amazing character to kur courage
character is that word of the places I
don't even think that makes sense but
whatever that is exactly what those my
nightmares right there yeah that's a bit
spooky that one oh that is beard Envy no
huh is this the first woman or is that
guy they're all guys I thought they
would have been but kind of like a woman
this is what I aspire to look like but
you know what it's not working yeah if I
just realized we're only at 277 out of a
thousand yeah because there was less on
that side remember yeah sir so we on
this side we've gotta get to 500 on this
side no no there's no that says Stearns
and 71 theories wrong I'm assuming so
that looks like the top of the monastery
to me so go go down up up round there
okay come on it's okay
is your guy there's okay guys got white
man look at the amazing detail in this
guy's face compared to and it will fight
him yeah I want to be like I want to be
as happy as that guy when I'm older but
what is even more like a fruit bitch
he's holding a peach I don't don't know
he's doing oh my goodness me
this guy's opened up his stomach we've
got a little butter inside him I want to
say that's a lot of butter but I don't
think it is copy wrong it is culture get
an extravagant now this guy's got a dear
literally a deer in headlights a deer in
headlights yeah these look pretty cool
they've all got things now Wow Wow gum
gum gum gum gum gum gum gum
oh yeah okay yeah I think this is where
they're starting to get more terrifying
now that's pretty scary
yeah mmm guy loves kids got you now none
of this is in English like what soilless
you don't actually know it's like um
like what each one's for Zen what the
point the monster eaten is anything like
there's no details they that's the
turtles neck in it jewelry looks like
the neverending story
you know the Dragon and the neverending
story looks like that you know this
guy's a gangster he's riding on the
tails back oh these are where the
money's at now this is where the big
books got spent it's guys on a fish
another fish on a tiger on a fish fish
Hosty ho see guys on a ball
this guy's got a hot one I've got hot on
no no his eyebrows are you kidding me oh
yeah I also don't think that that's yes
he does
yeah mmm I think that one looks more
like garden because when my granddad's
got amazing eyebrows you know time of
his life
however the animal that is riding not so
much except shoot yeah that's that's
someone hiding in there for sure that
guy's terrifying this guy's what we
throw he's holding a stick
yeah Wow this guy's on a peacock this
isn't a 100 in this place is very much
worth going like visiting honestly and I
know the comments could be felt with all
you've been so disrespectful making fun
of them no we're just appreciating how
amazing yeah
like normal normal normal this guy with
a hat one like amazing like that
definite looks like a woman like what
why not
I'm just waiting for one of these to
come alive oh the other women oh nice
I'm just waiting for needs to come alive
and scare me it's gonna happen but I
think we've his eyes open look up
looking it goes all the way down all the
way down that concludes including these
ones the 500 monks and then I think
that's the women going up there I'll go
check that one a second actually that
was 499 there's 500 Wow they shoot hours
till market oh wow whoa I don't know
what they're preparing over there but
looks pretty cool in Scent was like
intense and this guy's burning even more
that is so cool
look at the detail or not oh my goodness
me yeah well she was an inkling don't
run I'm not mean
oh she was all in English I wish it was
like how around the town and stuff is
like you know Chinese Chinese Chinese
and an English underneath it I wish I
could understand what I said why pain
heck just must wow this is just
incredible
interesting I'm not quite sure what this
person is doing oh I want the burn
inside here but it looks like books or
something I'm not sure maybe he's just
recycling look this view bit foggy
obviously
not exactly the most beautiful view in
the world it's mostly building the book
that's how I got in Sestak I didn't
steal it by the way you have a place
where you can get oh yeah pretty nice
well
filming this but then Lydia screamed and
went running so I don't know where she's
oh I think I think she's seen a monkey
she's found oh she's found monkeys okay
okay she spelled monkeys oh look at here
it steals someone's phone and I might
take it out a video Oh aggressive monkey
that's a pretty nice I said other one
gun don't attack me don't attack me we
don't attack me please don't attack me
oh he's over there hello oh oh they came
they don't like the monkeys here
okay then try to scare the monkeys
you're just smack it away at the board
he's like you can't scare me look look
look she's like yeah joke I don't care
about you I'm gonna treat it's just they
look a bit we couldn't be asked walking
up the next section so we waited a
second and ran up
I five other ladies are lady ladies
another baby contemplating life and look
at wall wait what is that
yeah he is scary thought he was scary
look at him this is like the weirdest
thing in the world we'll just have to
film in there I run over this cat goes
Tom and I'm like oh no I'm in trouble or
something something's gone wrong
you work at which I do this is Jeffrey
it works it's which I don't know how
this just happened because we walk
around getting lost the rapids of a
beach into it but fate might never
encounter but yeah random and CalWORKs
in weird way I just can't believe how we
keep bumping into people in that set of
circumstances ranges are but number 35
is the year of this Buddha this year is
this year's butter I don't know about I
don't know the story behind all of them
don't know to be honest because the
numbers keep going up but like I think
you put that over it when it's the year
thinking good I'm not actually sure what
these things actually mean or what these
are for but nonetheless that's a butter
it's a badass lion tiger dragon thank
you that looks really cool the detail
that goes into these sculptures are just
outstanding absolutely outstanding now
this is some major culture
that that is a big look at these shoes
they're so fresh yes I know yes see I
thought one is this a dog is that a
dragon is it is it what what is it is it
these is it one of them is that one of
these oh my gosh look at them think oh
no I was gonna say I think we might be
repairing that one there but no it's
just another body look at this it just
keeps oh he's so happy look at him he's
like ha ha ha I'm the highest Buddha
look at these this is just beauty I love
the culture I love everything about it
it makes me so happy makes me so so look
at that
it looks so shocked to me son just
magnificent in it absolutely magnificent
these Turtles definitely live a kind of
isolated life look they're in like a
mini zoo should we feed the tails I'm
not sure how long that lasts though if
we feed them
is that a dead floating one that why
nope pretty sure that's a turtle toys
Wow really my eyesight's do you about to
bill to like try and read off
we made it we made it to the top well
actually to be fair that's the top one
right there that is the top dog that
urgency don't want Wow such beautiful
detail or nothing what's in the hand if
there one knows what's in the hand of
that please let me know in the comments
he's trying to get rid of the monkeys
with his slingshot
wow what a job monkeys are jumping
around down in the tree oh that one
there's one well there's a few actually
Hey oh my god there's a baby monkey oh
my god oh my god oh my god no by the way
I'm walking down the whip do you know do
you understand how steep this is look
that it's pretty this is
alright just make sure none of them
that's gonna steal me phone oh look that
monkeys there look a bit baby hello
is he coming oh my God he's coming
now where's you going baby Oh a rapper
oh my god he's coming for me
oh my let's get the living shit out of
me there's a baby that got scared I'm
just saying this right now
I have no problem punching a monkey in
the face not nuts getting's oh that
one's even smaller no but really any
animal comes at me but wait don't get
wrong I'll be terrified but if it comes
to it I'll punch your fuckin monkey
matter of life and death
oh this is like winter freeze ooh a
little bit oh there's no baby oh are you
looking at Hey
are you looking at mate we evolved from
you get out of here Oh where's the baby
baby what you lookin at there it is look
at those tits
yeah alright that's the moment you don't
fuck with a mum alright you can you'll
be the shower me oh my god I'm being
surrounded I'm being surrounded
and making a move oh I don't have to
punch a monkey but I work now on oh my
god
I'm legit being surrounded by monkeys
right now oh my god the call oh babe oh
oh I think there's actually a war
starting there's oh oh it's so scared I
think there's actually a war starting
it's the monkeys oh look at him look at
this one this way is it got a walking
stick in it sound is it actually holding
a stick like a walking stick
oh no it's holding a piece of metal in
the ground look you know for the entire
bag of nuts yeah this is how it starts
y'all are idiots for carrying food
you're not supposed to feed him that's
like the number-one rule they're made
baby monkey upside down on that monkey
Oh catch these also boosts monkey about
to catch him oh maybe not
he is not sure about you I like even a
Nokia over in high five mushroom he
aimed it challenge a monkey he's gonna
do that to me though that's the problem
come on assume statue position may I
didn't like the way that was looked at
me he came for you we surrounded to
magic oh that's a look at the titties
look at the exhibit a titties oh my god
she's giving us the brows mate which
always the way so show us the way
maybe it just needs one more chance of
trying to be friends no from where it
tames it Oh in it
wait no thanks from the old culture to
the new we've wandered into a nearby
like mall house decorating and we're
trying get some food because we're
starving before we meet Lydia's
grandparents sister
we had one outfit we then we've got
quite a while two hours before would
meet up with themselves that's one
barely near a university starts because
everyone's got the paperwork out doing
the homework and stuff and there is
absolutely no it's it is that is that
regal enough here Oh God has definitely
display model quick someone's coming you
think we're interested we don't want to
talk to that go go go go go demonetized
live fish yeah yes ladies first
okay we're in we're in okay oh it stinks
yo it smells fishy potent Oh are they
alive are you blinking
are you moving I'm not sure I don't know
what you're I can the most interesting
thing we're gonna see is Oh what
there's thousands crammed in there whoa
this one's still moving down oh look at
it oh oh that was dead yeah you can find
those on a beach in Wales you're damn
right you can yeah before enough there
for things well you know what I bet they
taste good look at that look at that bad
boy
a looking lobster quite small boy looks
pretty good eight fishy oh my god that's
a big fishy oh my god well that one's
still fluff it around ones poor things
oh look at the size of the box are in
don't get me wrong they're gonna get
killed within yeah they're gonna get
killed within seconds so you could say
it's a bit unfair but at the same time
this is what you're eating
yeah no absolutely oh I'm gonna loser
what you oh well baby shrimp or prawns
shrimp I think coming around like crazy
oh shit
oh my god what's going on oh you shot me
Oh descaling a fish with that brush or
something oh look at him go
No oh no he's going for it all killed it
ladies and gentlemen yeah we're gonna
get hit by fish cooks here is he gonna
splash tuna face with goats another the
guts when she chopped it went right in
my face gotcha
I don't know if you're right or not but
death looks phallic the tongue is that
throat in an eternal Oh face what that
yeah yeah I was gonna say that they're
probably tongues
I'm sure it probably tastes good book or
all I seem to like this oh no no no no
no do you like do you like a helping
hand or foot then chicken wings look
pretty good to be honest they let me me
no no no no no nope they're selling
humans they're gonna chop them up and
sell him
maybe that human pieces oh no don't
touch the live poultry Oh wah wah
they'll gone yeah they're all in see
what the heck oh it's written - on me
well this is a pretty intense out but in
it chicken Hey
it seemed calm it wasn't stressed trying
to feel her heart saugus don't probably
is that a lemon is that a lemon why is
that so big but right look it's got
normal-sized fruit over there that this
can be real this is this a lemon this
can't be a lemon I'm confused oh I think
you've got a cat here to be able to get
the mice your big cat you like a big
actually you know what I don't notice a
big coward
it's like swole oh yeah okay bye now bye
kitty where on earth could Libya have
gone oh no it's almost like she's
escaping me if she dared gets on that
other one on the coming up I'm gonna be
pissed
don't do it don't do it don't do it
don't do it what you gonna do I'm
totally done that that was me don't
worry Hera a fashion house we do sizes
from small all the way to X X X X X X L
got your back I hear Tom lots of
swearing I can clearly understand not in
a different language where you just run
from okay so we're at typo right yeah
good yeah okay so you say listen
yeah that was absolutely what the chance
again again with the what are the
chances things we weren't walking down
that market over there and the only
reason they found me like I said you
know I don't usually I don't usually
like tweet pictures of a location where
I'm at there and then not for anything
bad just to avoid any negative anything
anything negative from happening but I
usually post it when I'm away from the
place at them posted saying like when
I'm staying at hotels but those guys
that they they jumped on a bus and took
the chance that I would actually still
be here because I tweeted out a picture
of my uber drivers name and then the
destination was there so they looked at
the destination and then got a bus here
and I happened to bump into it we just
walked out that side street as they were
walking past Matt oh yeah now we got to
find Lindy's grandparents so we're
looking for a very fast woman running
and a really slow tour twice of a month
reunited at last you say oh the super
babies for the baby oh thank God for
that I thought you would say we're
having a baby no way on this green earth
that that is a carrot there's a fight
kerosene for light right Lydia's grandma
is now strolling when you're away from
me I'm totally cool with it but uh off
white like it I like it I like it but a
her she is she I'm wearing a t-shirt
because Lydia's wearing my jacket and I
grant her grandma offered me her Co I
was like no you're okay thank you we're
going to shopping she says she's gonna
buy Lydia some yellow yellow I said have
you got everything like food wise and
she went oh no unless you went I forgot
to buy you yellow gold so let's go see
how this goes is this where I going
yeah there's we're going get into yellow
gold so many people say look at all this
you get a ring a gold ring well anything
where the weird ones the funny ones
little dragon across she's gonna
bilinear gold ring is the really cheesy
ones look you can buy a not is all you
got you can buy enough that's so random
well is this this pure gold 24k one I
like that you got it in white gold
yellow gold out here is so like a thing
that I need to buy this as a memory but
I thought it was I thought it was it
said let me show you
it said 102 and I was like oh 102 that's
not bad but then they actually worked
out for the weight and it's actually one
piece like 140 pounds just for that
bricks
it's real gold so I think I might get
that as a lot of memory of the chain I
want is a memory I got my little X where
I feel like such a gangster thank you
thank you very much let me see it damn
oh my god
hey well I'd say I'll get you something
I tried to buy a grandma and Matt the
matching ring that she bought from the
UK to find a something from the UK go
away I was going hello hello someone
needs to translate this in the comments
if someone can translate that I'll be
great thanks oh sorry I've waited my
entire life for an mm too thick I'm
going I'm going
okay so she's a sneaky mother is I was
buying this she organized the price for
it and I would like I give you the money
for she's like no no no no I'm Lily just
like just she's gonna be she's gonna be
stubborn and try my best I'm gonna get a
little package but there's this is the
gold chain that I was buying and she
paid for cause she's she was buying
getting a good price and she got this
with a little act in it and it's a
little lucky symbol on the ax yeah
chains probably don't suit me
you know the whole potato syndicate
original night Jackie ensemble cooking
up dinner together what's he making were
you making okay
what's that don't we having the table
okay sure soup he's got there in it that
soup yeah yeah nice nervous Wow just the
most respect looking for you ever seen
in my life I don't mean that in an
insulting way it's just
I don't know what half of it is what is
that what is that how much it really
excited I need subtitles
I really want to know what he's saying
What did he say
you know I thought I have no idea what
you said I'm sorry you said quick an
18-point cooker do it for you eating you
hungry oh really is it already not
hungry me yeah I'm hungry
oh boy oh wait which is the right um guy
which is the right thank you
hey boys happy nice go are you good
get it Daniel yeah whoa whoa I might be
white black and using chopsticks pretty
goddamn good all right okay thank you
it's me if I want knife and fork or
chopsticks he's drinking from the ball
why you giving a spoon are we supposed
to drink from the bowl are you treating
us like little why people what's going
on here oh dear
okay okay yo we got a selection a habit
that is it the smelliest fishermen smell
my life but it's fingers I'm by the way
this chicken is it conferred conferred
chicken are just normal chicken how good
is that
mm-hmm all right so this will be like my
first time trying I think ever swordfish
and it's a apparently soon all peoples
dish that's what she said all right it
absolutely stinks like not be a river
let's think that's really nice yeah it's
like I want to say c'est fini a Duke is
that the salty fish
do it oh my god it's kind of like
chicken so meter me it's like a salty
meaty chicken sausage Oh salted fish
swordfish of Sully fish well that was a
yester boat so it's a bit big baby yeah
as a big baby let's say grace grace food
food baby
to the grandparents look up what did you
just say what do you yeah yeah he's very
nice
we had the I think they said it was
swordfish I'll salty fish but it was
very nice say hello to the bloggers real
quick then I'll throw you in it tomorrow
6 o'clock
if it's on time but a very nice to meet
you anyway nice to meet you don't you
dare own up to them boys there's no way
you owned a pair of Crocs Angry Bird
bingo Crocs bingo Crocs
I'm judging video so bad right hey I'm
showing you a deer the necklace heavy
like it like it like it like it like it
with you oh yes come here boy
thank you the day after whoa okay
goodbye I love it it's like my favorite
thing in the world seriously is my
favorite had to be done give the old man
a hug
on just little families of boys what do
you think we're gonna follow this not
very nice to meet you
very nice to meet you I'll take good
care of her don't you just want me to
take care of her yeah
oh of course I will my favourite thing
is to see her happy so she's happy I'm
happy
baby the love your new shoes they
absolutely gorgeous she's never heard of
you before so she doesn't know who it is
she's like who's the driver I don't know
what she said - yeah it's ok it's ok oh
I have no idea but what is that light it
goes all the way around the corner
what's it for this food no way I think
it actually is like doesn't it doesn't
go down the alleyway so it must just go
to there friggin hell they're doing good
I've got like four percent battery left
and before the battery dies and we make
it back to the hotel
Lydia earlier on said she wanted hug and
ass all McDonald's ice cream so I'm
going to try and find a hug and ask if
we can find a hug and ask great if not
my phone battery died and you won't see
the outcome
now that looks lit vanity but it's Hagin
does time phagon does time I'm ready for
this oh my so much to choose from well
my cup of Eva this all this you know
what why not both what else if they got
strawberry cheesecake oh my lord look at
the size of this I've got two scoops of
ice cream in the world's biggest cone
are you a happy chappy and you were
happy happy she cut a banana split
ice cream it's a lightsaber chopstick
made out of gold for a whopping that's
made golf only at 1,600 I look at that
r2d2 made October 13 granite god damn
seriously like in these Footwear
slippers she got from a grandma she's
proper slipping and sliding them idea we
have a chemical reaction to gold and on
your face oh really
okay God expectations reality thanks to
my beautiful assistant step one is
complete it's in the cup time to step to
add the collagen collagen collagen I
need that
here we go
okay all right
oh look at that was built flakes okay
mixing step complete it now looks like
this about this this now this and an
update on Lydia never guys go in a bed
expectation now although knows I love my
life this is it this is it video where
needs more I know what the kids know
what what do you say minds bud much
amazing like a melted it was at this
point Tom thought there was not enough
face mask so he's making well the first
place must end up great but more face
masks ah
I want oh oh sure my vision
today says you take a look in the mirror
can you let me like softly head but you
were they felt why do you not I'm dying
to do by the way oh oh babe babe oh it's
right but I've got the supreme and
where's my today we shouldn't take these
they're one of the monks did this is
great no book teaching you
they're stuffing a toe and then sweating
now oh no no I didn't know you know I
was in the bathroom no Wendy your feet
or the chairs
yeah boys you know I'm talking about
it's always our fault
can you like look
okay okay so I tried to stitch my back
together it didn't work god hey wait
I'll let you let you peel off my bow get
going good oh thanks some people write
that nail nail ology oh oh that's so
satisfying
okay like a piece of Parmesan cheese no
eyebrow not so much your skin oh yeah
your skin looks so radiant no no no I'm
saying I can't get a heck of a
fifteen-day Wow radiate your faces feel
great we're now just left with a tub of
got my sewing kiss took your neck sorry
about that
oh right it is now when we just posted
body music say get bloody I let it go
team
Rhys currently one o'clock in the
afternoon right now is the next day it's
new vlog I'm currently getting changed
the bedroom we are checking out so I
need to end this vlog and get this clip
uploaded as soon as god damn possible
because we are couldn't be awake until
midnight because we're not gonna go to a
hotel again and check in anywhere
tomorrow we're leaving but Technic
clearly in the man I was at the morning
so we're leaving at 1:00 a.m. so I've
got up until mid that's that and then
1:00 a.m. and then we're flying home on
the 12-hour flight of chaos but that
means that we need to pack every snob
leave our bags at the hotel go off for a
bit of adventure in our last day at last
day in Hong Kong and then that's it
saying goodbye sayonara adios to this
beautiful country I've had an amazing
time here I've got another message
please wait you are being transferred to
the message des how you're at that
apparently I have a message thank you if
it's a check out so does the kind of
moving pissed
okay I think I'm alright for now thank
you thanks though
right alright I hope you guys have
enjoyed the vlogs over the past few days
I can't believe it went like 44 minute
45 minute like 46 minutes 14 minutes and
then I don't even know how longest those
long vlog is yet but yeah and I don't
know how I'm gonna end up vlog even
between now traveling home and the time
difference what's gonna happen what's
gonna curb but we may lose a day of
vlogging you might blow what we may
actually lose it so we'll just have to
see how that pans out but I've got to go
now
cuz I'm think I'm having a nosebleed
I'll see you guys tomorrow 6:00 comes
the next air bug so make sure you leave
a like rain subscribe under stop leave
us
