oh my god I just woke up look at me I'm
tired doors like the gate with the
bloody heaven but guess what she's
brought me a bloody bagel sandwich bacon
bit of egg the light of a day so tired a
kind of a budget fist oh my goodness me
it's absolutely bitch fucking black stop
fucking stop
this is not a funny situation today
ladies and gentlemen it is 6 o'clock at
night I fell asleep so jet life and oh
my god it snowed it actually snowed are
you kidding me I can't keep doing this
to myself I've never never in all my
years of traveling back and forth
between America been this chat like if
Lydia won't woke me up I'd have slept
through to the next day which may have
fixed my jet lag but the vlog would have
been late
it's 8 hours behind in LA so we've been
getting up at aliamanu in LA starting
our day and stuff like that and then
when we flew over we just we just we
lost everything up basically I'm pretty
sure that I only fell in like two
seconds with the footage for yesterday's
look as well I'm so scared to go to
start the idea because it's give me like
a 2 minute vlog I don't like not doing
stuff in the vlogs like don't get wrong
I don't like not doing stuff but for
fuck's sake sucks
oh my face don't even do that
Luna's alright but gods news
best-looking it just absolutely could
catch on be like you just said when he's
over he's gonna be the nicest old man
cat ever
whereas Lunas gonna be like grumpy old
woman get off my poetry you're gonna I
definitely have to say I need to really
get good at this game because Ninja is
just so unbelievably
I started my livestream totally forgot I
need to feed the cat so I was like
living a quick stream and playful at
night so she's stupid scream oh God
come on kitties don't feed come on as
soon as they hear me touch the packet of
food watch these cats come running oh
yeah you would already be here yes
barians I heard in here he's like I know
what time it is it's time kitty kitty
oh that's years she's coming if this is
a relationship goals right now I don't
know what is I'm playing for tonight and
streaming it and Lydia's what you're
doing we're going we're doing it we've
got a little bit time left off so we're
going away but the problem is we booked
this flight and we don't know if these
any seats available on the plane so I
don't think there's gonna be I think
we're gonna have to give us a refund
it's almost like I didn't get up today
and yet I slept okay so do you wanna
build a snowman
okay let's notice no I know I blame all
this for them for me knowing that much
of those oh you don't know any of it
yeah I'm stuck with the entire beat that
song man you know okay bye Oh does it be
I did it I didn't it was a part of the
chocolate brownies I did it fuck it did
it oh my god the kitty cousin here the
audience is going wild
oh my god yes Oh what you know about
secured another victory a massive shower
to be spared for the hundred dollar
donation and then these legends for
recent scribed but oh my god Swanage 15
months in a row mate that was not easy
you're close to building snowmen and I'm
gonna wear them about my motorbike girls
because I'm pretty sure these are kind
of like water pretty soon welcome to The
Syndicate household during winter it's
winter how's it going okay oh no it's
just knowing
is okay this is wait wait what she means
my camera stun yo it's actually pretty
thick look at the footsteps do you wanna
build a snowman
now we don't know she do sing oh man no
no no no no Livia's started there went
all the way down there all the way
around all the way here all the way
there and look at the size of a snowball
but then look at the size of mine and
I've not moved from this distance we
walked out and with your question
whether or not we'd be able to build a
snowman I I don't exactly world's
biggest garden but look at the size of
mine so far this is huge
what that's the head that head is
massive but that's Harry Hamlin sighs
big that is big y'all see you know you
got do it all in yours what I told you
you've not been inspecting yours closely
you know all right so that's the middle
that's the head we need that end massive
babe I think we could put that as the
body don't you right so that give me the
bottom one that was given to me do I
know we need to make your head I think
sent yeah but maybe that needs to be a
bit bigger than hi-ho hi-ho it's like
you go try this before right turn it
round a bit yeah so good actually
oh he's really coming down this would be
good Oh
I should give it a sculpted ass I think
you should get rid of the puppies are
I'm trying to the stoma is looking good
I'm like doing cleaning patches to it so
see where it looks too here I've made it
look all white here so wife until I
scrub it down and pack snow on top of it
well so polish this is a really big
snowman Hey this is the first time I've
ever built a snow one in my house yeah
okay look a bit better from back here
but maybe we just need to round these
edges out of it oh did you just break it
did you just mate it looks like he's got
an afro it looks like he's got a little
tiny head I think it has a come on you
have to redo it may be called P ed wait
and you made this is the head originally
that was the body the head take that
this jig that I gave up buildin snowman
head honest to god I rolled it round
phrase and it just gathered no snow
whatsoever so I got Lydia to do it nice
see don't yet what is that what is that
it's got a nose that's the most out of
shape circle let me see my gosh that's
pretty good
go on girl that looks dope right we bang
it on now looks really good
we found we found ice me this is a great
looking snowman don't break it
right now pack it in hmm all right I
need to try and find sticks I don't
never just snap them off the tree I'll
just try and find some because we need
arms for our snowman you know you should
do not oh that looks terrifyingly
awesome
right so you know I said like we can use
these as arms but that's what goes a
little bit and we don't have a carrot
Louie I think I've found something
better than a carrot
no joke seriously the best that is the
best moment I've ever seen in my life I
was like I wasn't gonna give you an
option like character creation I found
another one so if you wanted point one
or a chubby one look but you can you can
decide looks like random look you can
make oh no oh do not break this might
split his body be careful don't worry
about it do it right you could if you're
careful you might be able to get it
further and twist it don't smack it cuz
it will split the snow oh uh come out
okay that's fine right so we need a golf
room right yes this could literally make
or break everything it could split his
body in half nice well done oh my god
I've ever seen that things come into
life Jack Frost I don't know hmm the
final touch I think she'd call it garden
shall we God got it a second I honestly
cannot get over the fact that I found
that like out of anything that I could
find I was like can't find sticks
there's none of my trees alike got big
brunch is there anything like that and I
found the firework box
I don't think a honest guy well I was
gonna say we could have put one of his
arms a bit differently but I think he
looked great I think it looks great now
he's fine I don't I'm saying thanks I
don't honest guy how did Jack Frost come
to life or put dad's dad skaffa dad's
Harley is that white came alive
ah is in Title I five babe honest to god
that is incredible I can't believe a the
snowman okay my garden you love them no
he's still there Maggie's Maggie Ziggy's
and look at the defender in the snow
oh my gosh yeah I need to like get like
a fat arch lines done I just buy like a
cheap Taj and just stick it in the
Gunther another nice we can see him but
look at the defender beautiful but what
does that mean Mount Karimun djaro is
absolutely ready to destroy us like what
I have to do even with the defender
especially the defender because it's so
like icy and slippery I have to scrape
it all off and then like throw sand on
it just to get the defender up the drive
no matter what so we have to scrape all
this off so I can get the defender out
nice and easily and then I'll be able to
get on the roads but as it right now we
don't need to get out the house so I'm
not gonna panic about it no I'm not
coming bad no this is what I usually do
when I walk close to the act all scared
like no no but I go about this now you
messed up he's like what if anyone could
guess what if anyone can guess what film
are watching just from the intro music
easy well I don't know what's better
than after building a snowman then
sitting in bed and bringing my wife some
of the finest chicken strips there is
this videos like boys about to tell me
now is I think what Domino's what what
tell me now is at five o'clock by the
way just right now it is actually was
your phone 6:30 a.m.
we're so jet-lagged it's ridiculous 6:30
a.m. eating these bad boys what she Mad
Men and just continuing to mess it up so
hey the if this isn't life cause I don't
know what is and I don't know if we've
fully yet got Oh two more hours you've
got to ring the airline so in two hours
gonna ring the airline and see if we've
got a new adventure coming up which is
very exciting
yeah I was behind Wow
and then we come back wait I was forward
so we might as well the police so I as
behind in the present day I was that way
where could we go it's now the next day
but I've not slept yet hence why I look
like a piece of potato poop I'm editing
the vlog I'm playing runescape at the
same time obviously I have a bit of a
situation to tell you regarding the
Snowman but you have to see that in
tomorrow's vlog so I'm as far about that
but that's just the way it's gonna go I
don't know why I just said that I think
I just said I'm forum about that I don't
know I'm tired but nonetheless guys
thank you very much for she makes you
leave a like rating leave some ideas for
what crazy stuff we can do that doesn't
involve like going out of the house like
where is me and Lydia doing like an
activity in the house or like attempting
to make something or bake something or
create something if you guys got some
suggestions leaving down below but
nonetheless thanks to knit see you guys
tomorrow 6 p.m. for the next daily vlog
and let's see what I get up to again
because I'm trying to stay up for 24
hours right now and I don't think it's
gonna go too well so much love nicer the
house
