it's the morning after than not before I
feel like a potato I look like a potato
and no joke we were playing bullshit the
cat drinking game we were drinking like
Jager bombs all sorts of stuff
and I woke up and I'm like a night out
the perfect cure shall be found
immediately one yellow every word rest
about comic dolls every parking space is
taking the overflow cowpox little open
the fucking drive-through
either way my shoe signature looks
disgusting I'm getting a chicken wrap
and chicken strips all you go tom now my
good today wasn't until we got to the
drive-thru and I ordered absolutely
everything you can think of that
realizes oh my wallet thank you I just
can't help myself it's the most fun
thing ever I love going out on a bike so
to be able to go to buy enjoy going fast
down hills and fast up hills it's the
best of both worlds oh so nice house
we're saying a quick hello - what's the
folks in steve-o don't worry you go
Jesus you like it you're actually the
size of a small dog you are say wolf say
it for scale that is my shoe
and there is Steven I'm gonna put Steven
on the shoe and he is the size of a shoe
flipping a look at goodbye Steven I've
gotta go now it's nice to see you I will
soon buy you a new vivere room everyone
in the comments as we need to buy you a
really big room a room for my house so
time will tell we shall get you a new
nice home my taxis big event
thanks to the camera thanks to the
helmet thank you for my life dad I
appreciate it
alright let's go and hit the biggest
road in this entire place let's get on
the road Apple Street the steepest hill
over on the baek's
type acclimate I've never heard of
outlets in my life Fat Albert
never up atop merde honestly know if
something is never better magic Mary's
never heard of magic Mary's ever ever in
my entire life of mountain bike I've
ever ever heard of that but either way
hopefully the wind isn't too bad you
guys up there but this is not the Hill
just yet
we did Apple Street the start of it and
it goes along a bit along a bit and then
all the sudden just goes like this boom
so fingers crossed
this bike will get me to the top of it
I'm doing 50 miles per hour up a slope
here this is great
totally cut that smells day's poo poo
everywhere around here just scattered
all over the road couch eat mmm
Apple Street Apple Street this way this
it's got a gradient like that the hill
we're gonna go to like seconds like he's
never gone Jones this cameras being a
little bit weird I don't know if it's
the right speed of the cards dead slow
he's gonna stop it it doesn't go people
say it's done it like takes like 30
seconds I mean this is the stack of
Apple Street now I'm gonna record the
entire thing obviously probably won't
keep the entire footage because it takes
forever to ride up it but this would
usually take me like 15 minutes to ride
up then I say 15 maybe 20 because it
honestly takes that long but let's see
how quickly I can do it look at that
look at that this is not a visual trick
this is not a visual trick and don't
forget this bike not even Mike might not
even get up it right now I'm a proper
Hill I mean an easy gear or if I lower
it alright lower gear just spin my legs
doing 8.5 right now
but look at the gradient of the hill
holy-shit gone okay well get in there
I'm dropping a gear to make it easier
for myself we're still going and I'm
still commentating this which is pretty
much holy shit
eight miles per hour oh we got this oh
we got this with ease we got this with
ease yes boys I go up again now ten mile
per hour and by the way when I said ten
fifteen minutes to get all this I wasn't
joking
we're in turbo mode I don't know if you
guys can see it when I look down come on
I've unclipped quit back in put almost
at the top
what if I put it in the first year wait
first gear oh wow this is cheating this
is cheating so much cheating right now
and there you go nice to meet it I am I
had to put in energy but nowhere near
the amount required fucking out I gotta
bail about 45 seconds let's continue
this bike is like changing my life I
love it
all right let's adventure my seat is way
too high up but you know what I have not
been down here so I do not know what to
expect
ah of course girl there's nowhere Yahweh
what about this hill
nope okay
maybe that's a bit too steep very nice
whoa whoa
extra-large horsies another style we got
this holy shit I know they put my tire
against that bar boy yeah
okay
got another one
hello fat cow you fat bastard we on all
right
another style some more nigel thornbury
oh god i only did the same - this one's
off fun fun fact that is actually
pokemon gym no that's cool
seat back up today okay so I got
yesterday's vlog fault
late I apologize for that it was just
the fact that today I've been so
hungover and potato my but I just
couldn't get it done but I did go out in
the car no I didn't feel me going there
yes I should have done but I got salt
and pepper chicken pieces because this
is the only way I know how to recover
from this sort of hangover the record we
drank so much yesterday and I have a
drunk in a long time so yeah now as much
as a random of vlog of organisation as
today's been there is still forth all
over me this is ridiculous and we have
to wrap this day up now because I'm also
in the next day so I need to film the
next day I know it's not quite a daily
vlog because it's one of them bought the
riding meant to be in yesterday so just
pretend yesterday was today - today was
yesterday yes so until then thank you
very much for watching make sure you
leave like and subscribe
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
next daily vlog thanks
