it is 3 o'clock in the afternoon doesn't
mean I got to put three o'clock in
afternoon welcome it too because I
supposed to be up much early cuz me my
dad I go on a bike ride again
are you ready that's not it ok I would
say I'm totally not ready but I am ready
because today I'm gonna be trying with
an electric bikes so let's see this
thing
the Kenneth underlap here Venice then I
spin here is mine an over volt oh it's a
Lapierre as well sorry a la pierre over
vol s FS 600 electric bike I think this
is capable of doing like 17 miles per
hour so yeah this is confession cam last
time I went riding and I was absolutely
fucked this time I'm hoping with the aid
of electricity it will be a bit easier
not 100% easy because you stuff to put
in the work it just age you so we're
gonna go in the exact same way we did
last time and hopefully we'll see how
things go I've got GoPro this time so
let's see if I can throw us on forage
together most likely it will fail it
will go wrong and the backs will be dead
so let's just say hey this thing is
awesome
oh look like god it just oh it just goes
holy shit that is sick that is so so
sick oh my god ah I am legitimately
putting in 1% of effort right now and
I'm doing 9 miles per hour up a hill and
last time we gave up this hill I was
pretty pooped well not not poofed I was
I was getting there but I would put an
in work sort of thing like my dad's back
there look at his legs spinning and look
how little effort I'm putting in this is
nuts I can't wait to get to the big hill
the big hill is going to test whether or
not this thing works
so this hill last time was like death on
a pancake to me
and by death on a pancake I mean breathe
I was choking go on that you ain't good
yeah this is a joke this is actually
cheating this is cheating I'm sorry
we're supposed to get off there I was
going too fast
he having a laugh this took me like 15
minutes to get through last time hello
I don't this took me 15 minutes to get
through last time
I'm only doing seven miles per hours I
like I could go faster 10 marlboro Phil
oh my god oh the crows you bastards
by the way camera if you can't hear me
it's cause of the wind and I apologize
hopefully you can't hear me
this would be great come on that do it
so last time I got to like the fence
down there and we're stuck there 20
minutes this is not fair this is what my
dad used to do to me as a kid yeah is
this helping at all yeah
go on man yeah go on that I'm go on that
good by the way I am really pushing his
back here guys to get him up myself
good so the fifth last time we got
sucked up nil I was here panting almost
crying throwing up in pain and we just
got up that in like 15 seconds and I'm
there nice wicked the speed the
efficiency
it's unreal can I make it around a
corner
yes haha all right so good this is a
thousand percent worth its weight in
gold
this is stupid will you ring oh yes
God Miss clip-ins 30 miles per hour here
boy
lots of poopoo oh my goodness you know
how wait okay oh there it goes so
possibly 30 I just gave up around a bike
yeah woody oh my god oh my god this day
to my Brown at one point oh my god and
vague
listen carefully you can hear it you're
from like zero to fastest fault you
ready listen and press this foot boy oh
shit yeah fastest boy don't make that up
that was so weird how was it can you see
your eyes Lathon see where the white
cookies were coming out with that
wouldn't it yeah look that's where it's
coming out that's the stuff that's
supposed to glue it back together wait
oh shit yeah dude you tie a split
big-ass snake bite V oh I'm gonna ride
and try and get back quickly I'll push
you that was actually a really enjoyable
ride I would do that every week every
week on that thing that's great okay so
what you're watching right now is the
speed thing is off so this is me
dragging this bike up the hill
absolutely exhausted doing fine I'll
honestly I can't pedal so I turn it on
to eco and it makes it a little bit easy
for me I can pedal if I try and pedal as
fast as I can hook this L I'm now doing
seven if I put it onto Tour mode right
doing eight nearly not oh nine ten miles
per hour wicked and I'm still going up a
big hill we change it to sport pedal /
ii got that fuckin turn it off exhausted
me now doing 11 i put it on turbo i'm
now doing a trip up 1868 let's even get
to 18 16 miles per hour of a fucking
Hill this is real i managed to get the
ginger beast on the wait wait a minute
that's your car for some reason I
thought that was look what an idiot how
fast is it it's men in it I've been on a
bike ride with my dad today but Oh May
where's this great
ah yes boy damn I don't know why I saw
the blue car I saw the blue bonnet and I
thought I thought it was that so just
like wait you fear damn I'll fast you
got out of it yeah I know you got brake
it in on you damn so when you get it
yesterday
have you scuffed the rims yet it's have
a lot let's have a look - look now
you've done a good job kid you're gonna
get whoa carbon-fiber fucking mirrors
holy shit carbon fiber mirrors carbon
fiber grill yes but I need to make this
so clear that this electric bike it's
one of the best things I've ever used in
my life like I hate mountain biking I
love downhill mountain biking so the
fact that this fucking bike allows me to
get to the top of the hills with all my
energy like I've just rolled back now
from the pool like it allows me to save
on energy going up a hill and just floor
it down the hill is incredible if I
definitely recommend test driving if you
can go to test driving it riding it if
you got like a bike shop or something
the one I'm riding is a la pierre if you
want to ride anything else I'm sure the
exact same it's just a battery on a
wheel in it so honest to god I'm
definitely getting one of these so good
and they're good fast I need to pay for
it
I'm bit it's a drive-by service I go in
it's like a yeah it's gonna go to
chicken forget so I'm now going to take
the chicken forget sit on the edge of a
street on a road because I got faster
Allah not my poor G and then where's it
gonna take me for a drive in his car
who wears just by any chance you watch
this this is so good by that I'm outside
my spot
the Jaggi was up there in white looking
gorgeous and I'm sat here like a like a
bum on the street it's great there's now
623 my godfather came back dropped me
off a can of Stella no joke and I'm now
riding up to his house cuz his house is
closer than mine so I can use the
toilets I'm about to fucking wet myself
and I'm freezing cold it's absolutely
freezing cold so I got the vlog up I'm
not waiting for it to publish and then
before I can put the thumbnail on and
make it lab so if you guys don't think I
put in the effort to get his vlogs up
you're wrong I like how we come to my
Uncle Shawn's out and he's got bullets
just casually chilling drying out the
casings on the fireplace I pick one up
there absolutely roasting the tips off
so I'm just sitting front of the fire
although I was having the cold frappe
like 45 minutes try to sort have a video
and want a lot of vlogs
it's the blog I internet and this is
Shawn say hi Shawn this is a legend this
is the point where I sell my all to my
mum and dad fall out me I'm moving in
here okay
this is where I'm coming living I'll
just sit in front of the fire all day
like this is the life mother of God
ladies and gentlemen this Sunday we're
gonna be going shooting this bad boy on
a farm against the pumpkins and what's
that Oh what is this that's a 303 from
1943 from your fruit oh it's a sniper's
rifle how bigger the rounds huge and I
mean I closed it broke it what do you
whoa
look at this bad boy I feel like I'm
playing battlefield one all over again
now 18 for my days what I like are these
just come off absolutely no look at this
collection oh my god another and then
not that one and guys I'm gonna I'm
gonna turn my main channel into a
shooting channel like no joke
like you're watching this right now
Mondays vlog is gonna be consistent with
all these wait know which ones can we
take take that take that
yep nothing okay for now for now we'll
take them
so hopefully we'll go to the range with
we can go to the shooting range though
with these I'm pumpkins right yeah yay
oh my god Sean all of a sudden is
whipping out an R 700 what what you
can't do this to me when can we go
firing this bad boy when can we go
firing oh god it's got some weight to it
oh my dude hey when did you get this
I got about a year and a half ago hockey
now it's God
wait is that carbon fiber yeah Gabo
fiber free-floating stop Jeff Dunn did
oh my god
for the record this is what I was
talking about being a Western rifle
downstairs this is what I want it may
look small
it may look whatever but having a gun
that you could fire and remove like that
it's a three five seven month is the
coolest thing ever
is this real this is scalable yeah
surreal well they all like midgets back
in the day yeah
this is tiny look at the size of it I
was it fire three five seven Magnum
plenty out it's beautiful in it
absolutely hahaha this is my gun this is
why I was oh no no no no I fucked up
everything else is like chocolate bar
chocolate bar box chocolate bar fuck the
malteaser one I bought is in bars of
chocolate tits oh shit the cupboards
ready holy fucking dicks look at all
that chocolate bueno Monty's a minstrels
mo season Allen's or dips strawberries
kick-ass dips
flaked crunchies Jeremy Cole or dips
malteaser bars Mars bars Snickers reo
Smarties bounty fudge
Daryl fucking Fredo Jeremy
twit way no holy fucking shit I decided
to get a double bacon cheeseburger and
we got a fruit drink as well so thank
you to this lady explain why this is bad
for me
shitty like what shit where's this is
bad for me as he says scoffing his mouth
fucking hope not because I've got I've
got lettuce chicken and fucking bacon
mushroom five guys as usual in Ashton
Moss was absolutely delicious time to go
to the pub have some drinks and enjoy
the rest of the night EE this a fucking
on me on this is not negotiable
Tom McCallum could just throw a pound
coin in a and fortunately for him we
can't fit any sort of monetary value in
this glass I'll get me a glass Oh
are you you want to go that oh okay West
gets it 100 is done Oh where's this
right oh fuck where we doing oh look at
it yet
where's out fuck
