whoo okay then new I'm so white we are
indeed starting the day right away
because I got yesterday's welcome two
and a half hours late I'm so sorry about
that
I set my alarm for 9 o'clock to wake me
up how do I just I just I just slept
right through that so yeah I'm sorry
about that
if you assess this vlog today and go wow
you didn't really do much today did you
tell me the answer is I was stuck in
that uber for the past two and a half I
was in traffic in LA literally had the
entire time to think of how tired I am
how much I hate traffic and how much
this makes me hey LA
I said boys I don't need DC's anymore
they've got myself what they called cozy
kicks I got myself some cozy kicks one
of her guys who works here made these
things oh stop I am ridiculously tired
it is not even fair it is not even funny
but well here the offices everyone's
still working it's like nearly six
o'clock and everyone is still working
here we got the team working on dead
realm because we've got an awesome a
break coming up that Chris you're gonna
get sounds right what what are
you shaking it what it why are you just
a grip is that an icicle you should you
ice quo well I take back you're gonna
get stuck yo you gonna dick I have on is
actually an icicle is that ice cream or
is it an icicle okay I want a nice cool
like you hooked me up Chris hook me up
look at oh my god this place smells
amazing
Oh on the bottle pop Oh a bomb pops oh
yeah oh good yes I'm about this life
thank you so much Chris I have to be
honest I feel like I've been lied to
okay we just touched ice cream taxes but
I feel like I've been lied to because
that looks very colorful and awesome
come on and this isn't definitely or not
no no this is Harris huh
listener Oh Martin come on what
the is this what is this
son I'm like well who's got this fancy
ass room over here
this is Angelo's new office look at this
yo that looks well I'm not to ensure
what you talk about which watch
yourself Chris what's your cell cook
what is this
what am I looking at little Pikachu
little Pokemon know what I'm staring up
yes way it tastes though this is a nice
office Angela it doesn't watch the vlogs
but did it yeah what's his ramen but oh
yeah man things are always changing here
no packages of the right things are
always changing we've got new people
working here is bids getting bigger and
there's free ice cream so I am
definitely okay with how the progress is
going to the office yes the white the
Wi-Fi is good
yeah the Wi-Fi is down in the office so
we just have no idea what to do right
now oh this is dead realm and this is
like can we show the characters like
this is mr. seananners sean vann us look
at the owl get Evan up in here and do
work oh my god a store being woods yeah
but like look oh look at it though it's
incredible in-game they look absolutely
insane wait we've got many like was new
and I say missing that looks exactly
like it that's so good
but yeah I've got the update coming out
for the game like maybe in a week or so
and it's gonna my guns to it and new
characters and all sorts of a new
map so I've been playing it today it is
awesome these guys I smashed it very
proud of you guys I love you to pieces
if you want one you can get a free ice
cream
it's on me I felt like Angelo needed
something to pimp out his office so I
put his beaver
back on his desk just looking mysterious
as I'm getting excited now because
I've got a desk just like this in the UK
way for me to build it and it moves so
delicately look at how does it go how
does it what oh holy
I can you stand there can you stand next
to it for comparison that's a you look
fabulous man fat Oh work it work it work
it yeah
this is just typical la isn't just
traffic traffic and more traffic yeah we
definitely look like we're about to like
it's like the hole in the earth just
ahead and all the monsters are climbing
out of it that's well spooky that is so
pink it doesn't even look real
next stop next destination is watching
the premiere of salmon Nico's a corridor
digital film rush we made it here on
time
got Luke the homie over here and check
this out rush inspired by battlefield
but yeah yeah I up and completely
didn't eat any of my popcorn I'm gonna
keep this as a gift for myself I'm
probably send it to keep stir because
it's a bit bigger than his made out of
rush I'm so proud of Simon Nick oh
absolutely killed it I'm very very
impressed we're now going getting some
pizza and I'm gonna keep this as a
momentum Fred in Hilary edgy music we
have located where they're gonna put the
food so we're standing here and waiting
until this table gets full of PSM
and I am not drinking alcohol I drink
not be four days in a row
nope I'm doing voice acting tomorrow
could it be professional Jimmy and an
iPhone 7 and didn't tell me okay
and this this is it the quality doesn't
even look that much better so I do daily
vlogging on an iPhone so vlogging on an
iPhone is really important and I thought
this camera was going to change
everything I don't think it's going to
 okay so this is an iPhone 7 that
vlogging on right now however the
quality should be so much better it
should be impressive it's the 7 not the
7 plus and that one's got a Batman
camera but the front camera is the same
as the force from the normal one so if
this looks good leave a like great if it
doesn't then I am really not excited to
get my iPhone 7 I'm now video back to my
old cameo there's me back on the potato
sixth arm and you think it made a
difference let me know I don't think it
does Swift advice better enlighten my
low lighting over here book oh it's
waterproof I guess no headphone jack
another no goddamn headphone joaquina
this is some oh whoa
this week the piano black that loves its
fingerprint only look at the pilot
coming up that easy no show i watch one
channel pretty small dude today I got to
wear his art the measure is correct
there's no seams so everything's all
enclosed
oh you can't like get dust trapped in
this idea itself well it's kind of what
the box kind of scratched a few the
exact motive oh damn son so is it nice
point of the lens yeah like cycle stage
you're funny to see snow when he says go
we're gonna slowly Valley at this point
yeah all right here we go P buddy
we go put your arm around him okay here
we go
arms around each other and when you
lowers down just let your arm limp go
down with it okay and look at both you
look at the camera wait you want me to
stay stay normal okay so you're the one
who's good I'm Sergi yeah I'm here we go
so they can stay straight
yeah all right here we go right yeah
ready
oh my god can you can you do sounds like
everyone deep and bend your knees your
little legs like this Duncan big neck no
cheerleader kitchen room picture
architecture group alright everyone 3 2
1 go oh my god Jimmy chin this is how
you mourn ego down panoramic and then
like she was the faces that's who Helen
says who happens o nose man man that was
honestly one of the funniest moments of
my life might be like really that was it
some stretched photos of your face like
it kind of Express I was like on the
floor crying it would laughter that was
so good to hang out with them people
then I really really good crew the
corridor digital guys amazing and if you
guys are into like battlefield and you
want check out Rush go check out just
good friends it really mean a lot for
you guys to support so insane bought as
right now I up I want to do one
thing which was the following plan was
get straight in here getting my bed
ended the vlog past the hell out do
absolutely nothing but as you realize my
bed isn't made because I decided to wash
my bedding and I left it in there
without putting on dry so my bed is a
currently in the all nice and so wet
through so I can't just going to dive in
bed and I unfortunately have to wait and
I won't have a my bedding to dry before
I can go to sleep
fudge hmm I enjoyed that light sleep so
much I've been so happy just to get in
my own bed and sleep absolutely gray day
under a cot
Ava it was incredible like I feel like a
protector but I'm happy potential
because oh of five backs women today so
I've got like a load of travel ahead of
me
we're the voice-acting to do it you guys
will see a little bit of I'm gonna tell
you what it's for because it's it's not
really been like announced from me about
what it is for and what is going on so
I'm really really forward to sharing
with you guys so it's gonna be an
interesting day I will suck at voice
acting but we'll give it a go it's like
everything life you gotta give me your
best shot and see how it turns out so
I'm really looking forward to it so
until tomorrow thank you very much for
watching I'm sorry the past few days of
log has been late I'm just so used to
getting the vlogs up by 6:00 p.m. UK
time not waking up and having to get
them about 10 a.m. so you guys know I
don't usually get out a bit outta bed
too like 2 p.m. as it is anyway so
difficult trying it up at 10 a.m. when
I'm in LA so I'm going to back and go
back to bed for an hour to rest even
more to go do the voice acting and then
I'm done I'm done for the day
and then I've got rush to the airport
and not miss my flight so yeah wait and
see then I think we're flying business
class so if you guys like the playing
vlogs where I'm doing flying and stuff
you're gonna love it so thanks for
watching and adios
