we're starting today off on my garage
floor next to the bike I'm already
changed I'm already I'm already awake
and yes I'm actually starting a vlog not
in my bed today for the record it is
four o'clock in the afternoon so mostly
schedule it's still a hundred and twenty
three percent fucked hello my baby
yeah one's gonna get on the bike this
morning came to mind you have to admit
it's pretty convenient walks throughout
your house into your car and then
probably smash it into a wall look at
the size of that thing it's like a small
fucking dog if only I had a gun right
now you ready hey get the fuck out image
so great David be quiet story time with
Tom the Internet in my house right is
that bad that when I go to load the vlog
it's usually always late because of how
long it takes to upload say I make a a
ver egde 10 to 20 minute vlog that
usually takes on my Wi-Fi like 30 to 40
minutes which it's all shouldn't because
it's like a small quali like video size
file but I was like you know what I'm
just go drive around my phone on 4G and
see how quicker it can be
I drove literally up the road and found
a spot of 4G that rather than taking 40
minutes took full from now on I'm gonna
park outside this spot and use 4G to
upload my vlogs from because using my
house it's just not negotiable
oh dear neighbors thank you very much
I'm not connected to the Internet I'm
connected to like the phone line even
this is a phone line there's a phone
line around here somewhere but dear
local neighbors you will see me from now
on outside this road so please don't be
scared nothing weird is happening also
there's a Jaguar f-type in my rear view
mirror this big busted has blocked me
off twice today while stepping out in my
in my car I tried pulled out of a road
he was in the way and blocked me out I
went to parking that's like my parking
spots how the shot was going to pack up
well the fucking took my parking spot
said of a bitch
well I'm royally stuck for choices what
to eat today you've got absolutely
fucking nothing
oh that's my Tesco plans absolutely
scrambled I was going to go and get
someone to get a healthy drink healthy
snack all the stuff I actually need and
no lo and behold they ran out of
absolutely fuckin everything so what's
the only thing I can do after that
hi Donald me I'm a genius I don't want
my food to get caught so I'll put it on
my heat it see yes oh look good to look
good oh she's so cute little nostrils
what you lookin at hey guys the music
just gave me decker1
are you doing no you're doing she's just
started sitting with me and now she's
getting all all grumpy what yeah me for
keeps you so cute
Sam you gonna say that yes I like how I
just turned up with a ginger cousin's
house hey good to see you again
alright this is Matt this is man except
this is the vlog there you go I just
have I just randomly decided to turn up
here saw the baby then I was like I
can't see on ears hadn't seen him in a
minute
look at this cooked me dinner oh yeah
actually big keV cook me dinner I'll
introduce you to big let me um wait it's
not where's big keV where's Big Al hello
again so this is big keV keV say hello
to the other there this is my dad's
brother wait even second youngest second
youngest my dad can still beat him up my
my does stronger arm alright thanks for
me but I'm up here with this pasta get
really good you're treating me better
than my own dad yeah let's see your
elbow let's see your elbow looking oh
he's got bleach ok so how do you do this
to me
yeah that's dead I can't see anyone
there hey you know you got treat it with
respect man look at this geezer isn't in
that minute great nephew is me nephew
there's me level F you're Oscar the
monster
I'm just being surrounded by babies all
day it's always six months I compete you
are you're gonna be like a massive rugby
player when you're older that's all I'm
saying I can predict your future from
here what is that what is that who is
this who is it oh I scatter monster
who is it don't it hey go we got it
hey yo Wow finger right over the ones
excuse me I'm camera shy yeah just drop
it on above determine to rally the
troops tonight and I've got Tom Becky
and RINO I'm gonna play beer pong Tom's
gonna stop at mine tonight we just pull
his car onto the drive so it can shut up
the gates for the night you ready you're
going down you little bitch wait we're
on the same team
oh we're on the same team all right fair
enough so gonna play beer pong and Tom
can stop over tonight so there's the
pleasure of rowing in a house that has
spare bedrooms Becky your raise get your
ass fucking kicked
no-ho-ho-ho she's going down and Rhyno
you little bitch you fucking wait I'm
pretty sure I've lost every time against
you
shit this team a ever I didn't get on
camera far away but best team ever there
we're down to five they're down to five
and for the record Tom has scored all of
them
Becky you're useless and I'm useless I
think we should be on the same team fuck
about well the game started fun and
exciting and we have been winning the
entire game just thought I'd seen it
right now Becky you fucking suck at
playing games she gave up and quit yeah
we've been trying to get it into this
one cup the entire past 25 minutes or
something so yeah two versus one I'm Tom
Gable was he running no again no they
managed to get it in the empty Cup stack
the war a stack but not the actual cup
that Oh that matters so unfortunately I
think Ryan I was about to lose and he's
about to drink the rest of our drink so
right now we love you you tried but
guess what get back yourself when you've
eaten nothing all day and you play bip
on the best place to eat Chinese food
and fYI this is the place where I
discovered some have a chicken for the
first ever time it's been taken over now
it's called simply Chinese and it's in
hide it's near the shell guard so if
anyone locally watching the blogs you
know it try salted chicken pyramid
they're usually good now but the place
that owned the place before the place
that owned the place it was
so good and that's how I found out about
it so let's see how they are tonight
okay so yeah we did all the Chinese food
I'm hoping this light will turn easy all
right we got a Chinese food honey didn't
seem like that much on the front dinner
Becky like we we ordered a great we
ordered a good amount but we didn't
order this much so I can't wait to open
it and see what the fuck she gave us so
we'll see and all we can say is it
stinks it's stinks of garlic so we'll
see if the salt and pepper chicken is no
longer thought that chicken and if it's
garlic Alice for us we worked out why we
hadn't won so much food and to why it
was so expensive to give us an extra
salt pepper chicken pieces and opponents
Tom pepper chicken pieces wouldn't need
it but I'll take it
all right thanks Shawn out Jen hmm yeah
wait let me get it one that's near all
the garlic and pepper and stuff all
right I'm gonna give it a proper taste
test
as far as something business go
I think I'll agree with you it's good
but it's not tasty enough all right this
is up in Tom it's absolutely petrified
of scary films so what
so we downloaded the conjuring 2 right
now and Tom's gonna shoot Tom off your
phone
Tom off your phone man I'll take it off
in Tom I bought this film for you to
watch all right pregnancy shit I can see
some junk on sunders the cover with us
it's okay Tom you'll be safe but when
you're in bed you'll be dying I know you
can't see shit but now we're all cozied
up watching the UFC yeah I reckon the
British guys know Lee's sorry about that
book which is the truth I finally said
fuck it paid for BT sport I'm a big ass
TV so now we can all watch UFC in this
house from the future onwards and just
enjoy it without looking pixelated as
fuck no fake streams not that bullshit
sure oh I got shoulders that fight went
too quick too soon escalated like a
motherfucker I was like to show in this
TV off not showing the actual fucking
show on purpose or anything like that
but fuck e now that was Oh
oh my god oh my days oh yay tap - tap -
oh man that was intense so the British
guy did lose like we said didn't want
him to I would have liked to make a
comeback unfortunately no bueno can we
just point out that this guy is seven
fucking foot I've never heard of a guy
being seven foot tall oh no it's well he
isn't he six eleven point five seven
fucking mate imagine means the guy's a
whole foot ahead of you would you be
scared I'd be well scared
look at his reach as well as got a whole
tenant reach law
Bisping one Wow Wow his face looks
fucking mine gold look it up look it up
face look it up
fucking twat e these bollocks are well I
was a great vibe
Jesus man five o'clock in morning it was
a really good fight all five rounds II
went till very glad we watched it but
fucking out was that one hell of a
brutal battle this beings face is just
oh and it is the next day so I'm ending
the daily vlog now but I have a guest
next to me that I'm gonna share his face
with you wait talk so do a strange voice
and we'll see people can guess who you
are first of all in the comments try and
guess it if you can actually guess who
that is leave a comment down below now
and we'll see if you win and you'll
actually fuck it's not my grand Oh for
the right oh my god second I realize at
the end of that clip I'm gonna just go
and give it up think ow so hi Carl
I thought this is gonna be a great
breakfast I'm having at 5 o'clock an
afternoon you know as usual but anyway
I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog it
probably was late because there's
usually no signal in this place that
we're going to and I need to get it
uploaded like right now cuz it's like 5
o'clock so what you have Wi-Fi but it's
potato it does not work at all so I'm
good to leech outside here make sure you
leave like noted subscribe it at 6 p.m.
tomorrow I'll try and get the vlog up
for the right time good bye
