think it's fair to say they're
definitely dead after lusting like six
friggin months was that - like three
they're finally dead so we are going to
lay them - okay we got a story today
because I'm not sure how the hell this
happened but when I last went away to
comic-con I basically didn't unpack my
bag because I got back and had to rush
straight to the airport but when I got
back I got my shoes out and like I've
just now just like empty not like this
shoe looks absolutely fine we forget
this shoe it was covered in like dust
slash mold so clearly on the night out
that went on this shoe got like food
stuck on it or something and then went
moldy in my suitcase I know it's
disgusting but then my shorts were
leaning against the shoe and there's no
mold against my chores
that's disgusting well there's the head
of the bug but I just found this bug on
the floor light with his body like
discharging my blood that's disgusting
time I pick it up and because of that
whoa look at the color it's asshole that
is incredible again so over there is the
highway and because my apartments on the
same level as the highway all the smog
and dust from the exhaust comes over and
lands on my patio so look at this like
look this is all car exhaust like this
is not me walking this is character so
check out my table look how disgusting
that is lit so from car exhaust to table
to cloth look that is disgusting damn
Lucas look at you look look at that what
if we what is it stop you fucked it up
already looks ma Luke in a purple shirt
Oh Monica oh my god precious fuck when
in LA chick-fil-a Oh get on your chicken
strips blue man it's all about the
Nuggets when it went back in America
first thing you have to do is eat
unhealthy and as I said you can sandwich
okay here we go shit dude
alright listen listen
because of the recession wait fidget
digit come here I'll give you 20 British
pounds which is basically now $20 all
right
so it's not that good but I'll give you
20 if I can kick it once yeah you took
the money off me it's a deal so I have
to do is just punt it like boom but I
just fit my fit my foot right underneath
it
boom and kick it across the road five
little dog okay we're making it happen
whilst I'm here I'm doing the thing
again that did in the UK which is by
like 10,000 pairs of socks and throw
away on the other ones because all the
ones that I've got in LA now when I went
to get a pair of socks this morning
we're just a shit show so 10,000 socks
please 20 pairs of socks obtained and
three ties three ties never take me
shopping we've been doing it wrong why
are we not going dressed in these I'd
take the sequin sparkly one and you
could wear that look at the wedding this
oh my god yes I I could pull off I think
I'd look fabulous
my god it's got jacket Dean go on go on
Luke let's see what you look like
get ready strut your stuff strut your
stuff actually suits you you like Hugh
Hefner
you're like a fancy posh you Hefner
whoo-hoo kill them everyone in the
comments I need you to let me know if
this jacket suits me or not I personally
really like it zip top kennel it's weird
but just freely open like this
rocking The Syndicate original calm oh
love that swag I'm moving to Spain
Luke fucked up you fucked up we had one
job that was to go into this guy's face
this this guy is this the de set de sex
guys to sucky gay I'm not even read that
gavest gals gals I don't know what we're
supposed to go in there and then it
turns out we can't open yet so fucked up
Luke we fucked up what more could you
ask for
good music food truck and interesting
Street are okay we left that spot to go
to a speakeasy which apparently requires
a password to get in yeah oh wait no
back pass allowed that's right password
wall right and we're backing someone
like I thought it was someone I knew
behind me
all right now we're running in the
building and there Stein the pain so
this is like a trick
oh my god oh my god I just punch the
shoulder
drink
I didn't know I didn't know you
shoulders in pain
we haven't yet worked on lose these
faces
control my lovely
my
that can read it for
you realize that is ripped out when it's
time
it looks like a false ID or a chalk kind
of way
you know you know how is saying it's
maybe a testicle maybe a talk I have an
update for you is a hundred and ten
percent and did Wow
this not dropping 20 too much way to
bring home
eraser noise 14 motor works Macbeth a
player like some noise for sale as
medicine in the 113 but whatever signal
overlay and that thousand dollars to and
drew me a finger inside for secret rules
make some noise for yourselves out
okay again ignore everything right now
even though the running figure looking
scared is adorable
we're over here oh my god it's so cute
let me zoom out if I daddy Cal King Kris
okay then you realize it's a burger but
the burger remains there with titties
and one piece playing over here but then
also it's got a little many pieces I
have a whopping 27 percent battery so my
phone dies fuck we're fucked
but nonetheless I'm gonna hit get hit by
a bus or just go like move the whale
yeah
hey our room is here alright right now
place called brass monkey and these are
all the people with Jack Black gone
Belvin i'm innovating on stage holy shit
look at all these people
oh my god look at all these
not in this is absolutely crazy
what Semak follows from filming again
oh my god money Pacquiao
that's crazy too
yes shit the nerves kick in no assertive
really the
okay so we're gonna fuck this up
amazingly he
Chino's home a little bit very horn horn
mama
yeah damn we were like who's making so
much noise and it was they oh my god -
sneaky motherfucking out er eh sneezes
oh the BMW thinking he owns it but guess
what there's an old scratch over scratch
was a sneaky our a just going out the
fucking pocket tasty ok so right now
we're turning back up to the same ramen
place that we were at last night but
this time it's full and there's a line
out the door at like two o'clock in the
morning so no thank God we just eat okay
we just turned up and he was like a car
for like 20 people turn up outside
Britney what dick yeah Minnie lad is it
what what what do you say me what are
you I thought she's with us
but either way my god inside get Robin
noodles fuck
wait hell shit that was survey mom and
Paul Mila
this is gonna take like three hours why
sure Oh oh my fucking what again I did
that twice tonight I'm sorry
I know so the one thing I keep
forgetting tonight it's like MIDI could
have been stood in any position and I
could have hit him on his head on his
other shoulder but this is the shoulder
that is basically dislocated bring my
sling and I have hit it twice like I'm
bang like yeah man yeah friend and every
time I hit I forget he's broke it so Shh
I'm bringing my sling next time holy
fuck I think
my ear yes I yes I did just look here
now get the fuck up man up deal with it
pussy get it again with a broken
shoulder and also amazing I made soup
dude super eyes an amazing egg fuck
noodles so yeah that's good yeah okay
Berlin's ban huh that's good this is
good the choppers fotopolous salad feel
great
what not why protectors island okay so a
Traven
Robin Robin a the Robin went home went
to bed simple as that and what is like
proving so difficult I don't got him
like only here for like a day basically
for this wedding is because when a
verdict for this yes there's one but
when I'm in the UK I can like go out and
I out I can go and have loads of sleep
and wake up the next day and the vlog
doesn't have to be up until 6:00 p.m.
halfway through the day so get the whole
day to like sleep relax do one whereas
in LA I have to no matter what time I
get back I have to set my alarm to wake
me up at 9:00 a.m. so I can edit the
vlog and upload it even though it's
still late and yesterday's was late oh
my god it's so difficult to do so I'm
gonna go to sleep now now that I've got
this vlog edited yesterday I think
that's four seven and a half likes and
today I'm gonna be cheeky I'm gonna see
if we can try and get 50 50 million like
rating just basically if we could get 50
like roads guys that'd be amazing so
make sure you click that thumbs up
button and see if we can get the total
of five Oh like ratings subscribe for
daily vlogs at 6 p.m.
ish everyday UK time and I will catch
you guys tomorrow for the next daily
vlog where tomorrow we're gonna be going
to a wedding I'm so excited
