good morning people I'd be watched and
being watched by a kitty cat
and that's a big who you've taken there
but hello to your face and kitty cats
feel free to fee there's clearly two
different bowls of food but yeah you do
you I'm starting this day off a little
bit weird
I've got no hot water in my house you
might be like what dumb your house is
modern how do you not have hot water I'm
gonna go this one idea
I'm almost confident that in this room
with the big tanks in the water there's
a switch Oh switches on hmm I was almost
confident that it's that switch was off
and that was a reason why I was getting
no hot water to my house but it's hot
my house is broke Carla's gonna get my
day started but this has happened and
this has happened nothing
hey Johnson breakfast no good because my
aunt of course he's missed me yeah
look at him he's bloody Massey Finney to
say when I first got him he was big as
big as me little pinky he could sit for
my pinky look at him little demon
warrior Oh
because me showers broken upstairs I get
to use this the mammoth waterfall shower
oh I got the water wall alright today is
gonna be the day that this office gets
cleaned because everything is just a
complete mess so I was trying to explain
that is it was gonna take me that long
to render yesterday's vlog and upload it
that I decided to stream it and it still
blows people's minds what I do like wait
well this is a vlog does it this is a
live stream it's the vlog just get your
head round it and I've stopped the
stream we had like 13,000 people tuning
in and 99% of them like what the is
going on
so hopefully this should now turn into a
video which is great oh well playing
those gun abs got done ads stop stop
right now but I might I said to everyone
I want you to all sweep you say it
illuminate confirm check my tweet deck
my tweet deck is just absolutely blowing
up a little bit Attica Ferb don't nobody
confirmed a little bit having confirmed
so you guys don't don't follow me on
Twitter how am I supposed to know the
Illuminati is confirmed mmm ever
everyone could calm down now I'm
streaming on Twitch the normal way you
supposed to stream everything is okay
really where are you wait what you're on
this sofa
hey little gets there I thought I said
America Calvin well is it lesson
oh by hello I was divided
thought was incredible Wes ways is
actually fully booked to this restaurant
for a week god damn it has been eight
Duncan wrong he has been off in Dubai
for a week as well so he's come back
he's fully busy so good on the lot but
uh no room in the inn so we're gonna go
and get an Italian because Lee do you
really want spaghetti he's happy so
let's go feed if you if your wife's
hungry I always feed her oh I'm filming
myself I don't trying to mean but that
looks terrible
Alex absolutely boring and oh my god is
this look good so good let's play play
play guess the bells we've had Amelie
a star earned two coca-cola's No
but one of you playing the game I'm
gonna go with I reckon 55
ready survey says I don't know I thought
it was so expensive for your dinner was
only 9 quit these are in two pieces -
she rocks the dominie boxes nice ballad
I tell you you get a bloody nine pizzas
funky fun
tubby dozy that's man Abby dough is
nothing
I was actually banging what you give
yours she's so beautiful
I'm sorry guys I know it's cringe you
bought God find yourself like no by the
way this is no offense to any girls out
there look put your makeup on Oh girls
all girls are naturally beautiful but
find one that you know rather than wake
up in the morning after a makeup swore
off you like you know you've got one
that you can just be like naturally Oh
to know your cars old 101 lady you have
a dial putt is incredible be me me me me
me I was gonna make you preset number
one but now I'm not gonna - demons yeah
well like your guardian angels that
on couches so we've got some really good
guardian angels right now how to make
your house where how to make your wife
happy 101 hot chocolate fixes everything
how's unit down there good how do I
check that yes 3 a.m. goes dosed oh dear
yes there's logon oh my god it's a
whopping five minutes long because right
now it's 646 p.m. my daily vlogs are so
messed up because I'm so jet-lagged and
I've never in the fifty nine times a
flying between the UK and the US my bad
I've ever been so jet like I don't know
whether it's just because I like him so
he happily just getting bad comfortable
like cuddling with Lydia and fall asleep
or something but we went to bed last
night at maybe like 5 5 a.m. right and
that's not too bad i streamed on I it
was really you're dead tired went to bed
woke up at 1:00 p.m. at 1:00 p.m. I got
up at my breakfast Lily got lucky
because she wasn't feeling well
I called that colander and have felt
fallen asleep till now by the vlogs are
seeming really sure and being really
late because I'm still on an American
time schedule because if we were in
America right now we'd be waking up at
like 10:00 11:00 a.m. which we have been
doing the past like 10 days but now I've
got to get used to being in the UK and
the most upsetting thing about falling
asleep and waking up late is that whilst
I've been sleeping all goddamn day it's
snowed outside so I should be defending
we know I should be assembling the
defenders in getting out there now don't
get me wrong it always seems like a thin
amount snow and I probably can't get off
my drive ball it's bloody snowed so
throughout the entire day whilst
everyone's but not like snow books no
don't stop bored England most everyone's
been out sledging stuff like that I've
been in bed really happily come fully in
googling video but I've been an up in
bed asleep missing it all so yeah what a
waste that is just life I guess guys so
that is the life of Tom during a jet lag
stage I'm hoping and I want to say like
Oh tomorrow I'll be back on track a back
to normal but I woke up at 6 p.m. today
so you're watching this vlog from a
short vlog yesterday and then tomorrow's
I know it's like when that like when I'm
off in America I was just traveling
everyday I was doing some epic and then
it's like about to hang on this like
well purely potato vlog so I can only
apologize for a bug the same time
it is the life of Tom it's what happens
in my life whether it's a two-minute
vlogger tamanna vlogger to our vlog it's
just the way it pans out so for everyone
who just watches and enjoys what I get
up to a day-to-day basis appreciate
you're all amazing make sure you leave a
like green subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow at a certain time she would
just say should we just not even say
6:00 p.m. I'll just see you see you guys
around the next day but nonetheless
Insomnia's coming upon us so if you guys
aren't going to I 60 - I'm gonna be
there I hope to see a lot of you guys
I'm intending on not being jet like
glass on there and it's gonna be a
really really really fun show absolutely
stoked for it so make sure you guys get
your tickets I 62 syndicate Decatur self
10% off I'll put a link down in the
description so you can get yourself
tickets and I'll see you guys there much
love stay awesome nice adios
