try to edit my vlog on the computer and
it simply didn't work so I was like you
know what screw it did on my iPhone and
then uploaded from my computer so I cry
every time I think one of these days I'm
going to have to get a Mac computer so I
can take off the files from my iphone to
my computer and edit with ease I said I
didn't have that huge conversation in
the day about like how oh I do not want
to edit with a computer or anything I
want to do it all on my phone but god
for today's vlog it's like a 20 minute
vlog it would have been convenient as
anything oh I did how easy it was to
reinsure you can literally just ring go
up say can you put more insurance so
nightly go yeah and the pin that's
that's as simple as that but neither way
I am NOT doing that five times it's dead
really enjoying getting back on the bike
not gonna lie
even though it's cold as fucking England
right now really really enjoying it look
at she's a beauty of a cheese beauty and
I'm gonna carry the Very Hungry
Caterpillar underneath my jacket
so I can take it to a Ariela now so I'll
drop it off and then try and get
yesterday's vlog off which is currently
as of right now about 45 minutes late
shit fucking love this bike it's so
goddamn quick but at the same time it's
not quick enough I have to wait one more
year if I could pass my a to licensure
plus my a 1 as soon as I pass me any to
ride any sized bike I ever won ever so
one more year when I'm 24
we've got to get it and look lit they
have plenty of what I've come for Toni &
Guy styling putty this stuff is worth
its weight in gold found myself back
with my dad and Gayle you two ok tonight
yeah they go like I just turn up the I'd
dinner and I like bombarded it was like
I'll just come here and see what piece
of cake thank you and then leave oh oh
it was bonfire cake so it's getting cold
outside we have to eat the cake that
matches the atmosphere so time to go and
get on the bike if you remember this
item I'm about to show you as a kid then
you and me could be friends if you don't
remember it
reject me introducing what looks like
the most phallic fucking thing ever
the squidgy um
everything that when you try to grab it
it just rolls away if you guys remember
this from nearly every like if you went
to Alton Parks if you went to a zoo if
you went to anything you could pick up
one of these things now you might be
like what is it
it's basically an infinite loop of water
in a packet that moves when you grab it
if you anyone remembers this and this is
it this is a difficult one to go of
magic beans if you wonder one saying
they were colorful beans with a metal
ball inside them when you flip them the
ball would move and they're like
magnetic and rotate and fall over the
place if you remember them we can be
friends but I managed to get one of
these from the zoo yesterday and oh my
god childhood memories are returning
even though I'm like halfway through
today I say halfway and it's 8:45 right
now so that pretty much sums up my sleep
schedule but even though halfway through
today I feel like starting today's vlog
like new and afresh I don't know I just
feel like it bought the reason what
we're gonna do right now is we're going
to clean the samurai-sama mates keep
picking it up and touching it's to fire
sword gets dewy and when we saw an ad
other day he hooked us up with this bot
which contains a cleaning kit so oh my
god only drop us all Joe you're about to
watch a true professional in the sword
cleaning arts clean a katana now we have
to use said provided tissue paper to rub
follically like this ah so you gotta
clean up the blade with the sword
company it's ridiculous I still haven't
named it by the way and again if you're
wondering what you do with name Lee's
you don't just call you don't go it's
names jeff' you actually have to slice
something or chop it or ever you want to
cut you have to slice something with it
and then that would give it a name so
like Anthony was saying that he sliced
an ember
therefore it's called amberlynn but ask
god damn name so I need to come up with
an it pretty awesome name as to what I
can call this so what we do is we rub up
and down so we've cleaned it and removed
it of all its like mark see how dark is
Oh God came out when it was white and
then it came out like well do it alright
then we get this
I don't know his proper name and we tap
the blade like so and you might not see
anything coming out but I guarantee you
there is like talcum powder
coming off of it so we tap it up the
blade the probably should be more coming
out here book is whatever alright it is
pronounced I can feel it alright all the
way all the way to the end how few more
and then we go which one you'll go to
now and I can't remove it this or that
okay wait a second I need to read the
instruction video there we go we've now
officially cleaned a katana the first
ever time in my life I tell you what oh
my god the light shining down it is
absolutely ridiculous so there you go
there is my katana I feel like it's like
a how-to basic video how it's cleaner
guitar I just slice something in half
but there you go
don't forget you guys have got
suggestions of what we should name this
I'm trying to think of something really
cool as like a household item that we
could pick to name it so yeah we've got
slice it as soon as we slice something
that's the name of it so until then yeah
thanks for watching my tutorial tutorial
friend don't don't
Calabrian short so now that that's
reinsured I can now go and pick up
Wesley B's my ginger F Road friend from
his place of work
she hasn't been started in a whole three
days hopefully she's still rockin and
a-rollin but we're gonna go pick up
wares now from work and I'm gonna drive
two trumpets in her and hope to god he
agrees to getting Wagga Mama's for
dinner because I am hungry oh fuck I
know my god I could have taught some
ramen I'm really wishing I was in LA
right now because remember that ramen
place that I went with Tucker I would I
would do things flat ramen interesting
all of my bike but that thing is
beautiful like if anyone ever tells your
TT is about car the wrong is amazing
I look like my pastor friend
two other four others this is a chicken
nugget raid you fuckers I mean I start
and my new job is a professional chef as
you can see just cleaned down the grill
oh wait
where's made the big mistake of leaving
his phone open so let's send it
girlfriend some texts kill me man you're
gonna kill me here is that to say I
can't handle any more I just can't I
needed to tell you but let me continue
please
yeah you shut up bitch
yeah that's right sir my scream you
little shit oh you fucked up kid
you fucked up everything alright alright
alright here's what she said who's got
your phone
that's it kind of a reply to this look
he backfired in it took a hot shooters
even know I mean it took a whole three
seconds for her to say she said who's
got your phone so I said I have an
addiction to anal fondling I made that
up or Foe knowledge and she says is this
this YouTube superstar Cyndi something
Cindy ass all right I'm gonna send her a
fucking phone fucking fault mate you
have to press the book wait foot take
all that out let's take have to press it
for me
yeah the sender that yeah that's what
you get cheeky bastard
go fuck yourself we're gonna go to Wagga
mothers at rapid senator hannon words
was like where's your fancy trusting me
and go into a really sketchy ass place
like yeah sure why the fuck not
so we've randomly pulled up this place
called Aladdin's we got table for two so
we're gonna see how this goes
and where's says it's good so I guess I
believe in what kind of food is it
fucking little do they know that I'm
going to review their food so it better
be good what I pretend what do you think
you're gonna give it thank you out of
ten what what do you of the bat charge
it solid
really you a job in shock he's a chef
there you go there's your little wash
and napkin oh you can water for me I
feel like I'm back in LA and where is my
ginger version of Luke because they both
love food and he drove out of an exam
you can do this okay I said I'm not
spotted this but this just isn't correct
one sec if you look at this image you're
like look at the size of these people
over here compared to the size of these
people here but then you look at these
ones look they've been photoshopped in
to be floating in the ocean
what the hell's going on that makes no
sense this is looking pretty damn good
mix kebab some rice some vegetables not
sure or not sure not sure all right
I've eaten and one of everything so far
and job it's good if I have to give up
at 8 a hour its hairy there's so many
food there's so many foods though so
many different dishes that we've got
this loans difficult to pinpoint one
about to do the kebab and give a clap I
can
like an eight-bed to do the rice I get
the rice and a that sauce but we give
that Nate tastes nice as well
I've even touched that no way I'm told
you that no way don't do agree I do not
trust anything that's green so I think
overall I just have to give it a nice 8
yeah yeah fucking you and cilantro
everything in this plate contains a
lunch run immediately - -8 ok
I love in let's not go Aladdin Aladdin
I'm giving it ain't no champ it's great
service was a bit random but I've got an
A you still give that thing look at that
room next door oh it's next door wait
the signs upside down they turn the sign
round the add to the same sign they
turned it round so we'd be white but you
can still see it that's a fail me and
where's totally didn't just go back down
to get a McFlurry get some coca-cola and
then play Louise play balloon
tower-defense for the past two hours at
my house and a fucking like Wednesday
night was gonna pleasure
cuff yourself red are we doing the
awkward handshake thing that the awkward
handshake well see you later
look after yourself mate fucking about
guy so good tag Andrew I'm out with him
again it's nice because I usually travel
so much so I don't have the time to be
back with our mate since too far this is
where I fucking and up Kobe Michael
tires in it oh but I don't I don't get
to hang out with all my mates that much
so it's nice to be back and not be
rushing off to LA or off somewhere else
and so far so it's just nice to chill
out so well on to the next set of
adventures which is home I am now going
home going to bed and probably watching
Netflix oh yeah there we go it is 5:30
the Nets walking day and I am still in
bed don't worry I've not been in bed all
day I got up showered got back in bed
still in bed
so get on this vlog now I hope you
enjoyed yesterday of me Wednesday
hanging around I completely forgot to
film from the moment we came back from
the restaurant when smack dogs got food
and came back to my site we would chat a
lot sort of like we were playing a
mobile game on our phones so I just
couldn't kind of vlog at the same time
so I really need to make that change to
the g7x separate camera because then I
can fill my phone and all sorts stuff at
the same time and in better quite
ambiguous folk so nonetheless gonna end
this vlog now thank you very much
watching I love you guys fascias makes
really like writing i'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
blog adios
