oh my goodness me this is the power of
having an amazing house cleaver he come
around and she made it like brand-new as
if we didn't even have a pie last night
I absolutely loved her what a beautiful
day in paradise the hot tub looks nice
and clean but I did remember I show a
bear bottle in the garden last night oh
and another one and another one
shit oh my goodness 3 o'clock in the
afternoon or we just got out that not
feeling bad at all but the crows are
flown away I've seen them doing their
damage and I'm like you leave my car the
fuck alone and we're going to the silica
original offices to go and say hello to
Alice
hahahaha teamwork no good day this is
looking fine clean no more sister I'm in
the office okay that was just really bad
timing
oh it was worth coming to the offices
why cuz I get it orange France beverage
from a month thanks mom but no I'm
really matted my YouTube gaming jac here
I believe the story is like a drunk
person took my jacket and then when we
basically put the hit out and we want
the jacket back and we knew you took it
kind of thing they soon handed it over
so thank you for that it's now mine I'm
not a jacket to wear like when I go out
and stuff now I do I love it whoa what
is this bag of swag has this all been
sent in oh my days
Simba huh it's called Hank of a guy's
car like oh my gosh and a letter I
appreciate that we've got a god damn
ninja tool I Drive a ninja tool all the
Ninja Turtles already start watching
that one off where the fallout figure
which I don't think I have this one we
have Jon Snow which I take don't know if
I have that one either
I think I've got the feeling it feel a
big little big guy and then I so didn't
have the up low oh my days
who's the officer names then what Nick
why don't you put names on them opened
all this shit and the daredevil one
thank you for putting letters I don't by
the way so I can read them so I'm
definitely to go through that and a cap
I can't them zealand damn I don't think
I've got the entire collection of
Christmas crumble I'll have to check
wait wait Senate shoe box for Christmas
why go on no my daughter how is this
weight tempted okay I'm I need Granger
oh these are worried Potter ones
tracheal mouth I are not got your broom
as I taught these funds om is it off oh
wait
please read on camera I know this is
long but hopes okay what I've read a to
read I was watching as rollin time help
me over the months Aaron kennelly thank
you very much for the box of swag this
is absolutely amazing and that is just
incredible look what you don't notice is
the fine detail so here I just like
Adobe our syndicate and all that sort of
stuff look at this over delay opponent
loses 10 HP every day
it does not pose the next episode of the
micro project but if you look carefully
there's me as a baby
with a dirty eyes fat face look at vod's
from baby Tom that's fucking awesome
aha we have a name from the New Zealand
er Cherise Alice not sherilee not Cherie
Cherise and Leona oh I like know this
drew there's more than one I thought
that was one person's full name
Charice Leone sharing Lea and Nicola
Abelson thank you very much for the
scribe package but I love that I've got
homies down in New Zealand you guys are
the best
all right detective Karen someone said
to me this plaque has a secret message
in it and I don't know whether it's like
the last words are the first words or
every other word or something like that
or it's actually inside it I think we
need to open up and see on the back
Karen is there an easter egg back there
who's a secret message
wait can show it Thomas I think your
friend Amy whoa
Olly be there was a secret message thank
you gotta warn Indira Viet Oh are you
doing charlatan Braniff image oh I was
like why is there an Australian girl
completely well blown shit - yeah well
what is this what is it why does she get
where's mine but what is it what is it
what is it what is it what is it what is
it what is it what is it sure she goes
freckling she's dead ah coz garlic yeah
good god I can't oh I was just gonna go
to the bathroom I realize there's no
toilet the toilet looks like it hasn't
used it forever I turn around to exit
and holy god damn of tits look at the
size and this fucker that just crawl out
look there's behind yes you alive I'm
gonna project ah Jesus Christ
I'm not scared of spiders but look at
the fucking size of that thing thank you
as always for my my swag love you India
goodbye Alice goodbye mum goodbye but
here we are in them
check out doors of the United Kingdom
joined with Karen the wasp killer her
son is allergic to the following bees
wasps and maybe some form of mosquitoes
maybe yes
but there must be 200 i bad one second
each show them all bite
I am honey mustard an arc over air
peri-peri chicken burger damn oh please
look at them things Jesus okay mom I've
got a question for you I got a question
for you what's its name
Oh Rach that's like a bit oh my god
wrecked
wait what's its name June but Pitt Wow
June by really but that well it's nice
and clean wait I'll just add to the mess
you got this a month perfect
damn that's a nice-looking jag you look
at it all polished and cleaned and
looking fancy let's see what he says
he's been knocking on my door every day
this week to see me so it's time I saw
him wait for it wait for it
hey come in kill me yeah mate ready are
you doing that wait a minute or two is
there two songs on different sides Oh
soaps pardon okay a sad piece Reynolds
listen to this side then you put it on
then you pick this up just put onto that
no oh then it wrong oh the help what
does he do it yourself you have to do
the shell oh really
whoa
was this dude with shells oh oh you can
right pause it
of course I would find a way to play
with watch slow motion
that's well creepy like a DJ yeah no you
need to mess around we used to this
watch switch that just sounds depressing
this hey this is depressingly scary
watch and this is fast mode
what the hell you like that happen in
the chipmunks
I don't know why you took the stairs
when you've got one of these things made
like walking is cool but being lazy oh
you do use it
hey this is the this is the future who
needs elevators when you've got a
Stannah stairlift I just I just remember
the film gremlins where the woman goes
up the stair lifts and goes flying
through the window at the end all set
line up coming no you go taking a piss
with the door open dad dad is it with a
statue of trickling so I'm gonna stop
the video now almost made it almost to
the top almost that we're getting there
all right
made it how'd you wait how'd you rotate
the fucking chair this yeah oh my god
it's the future
oh my grandad got a new double bed he's
had a single bed since my mom passed
away he's just got a new double where DS
dead happy with it
she's like it melts my heart but I do
also like the fact that he melts my
heart but then at the same time he's got
a picture of me looking or amazing over
here and I notice you don't have any
pictures of Alice in here oh that's
pretty harsh like apparent apparently
apparently and I'm in every room and
Alice isn't only got a new bed in it Oh
mate he's invited me if I want to stay
over some days or thank you very much me
oh oh oh that's comfy oh this is a comfy
as hotel room could get used to this
okay okay you do have a lease up here
look at the little rat she look like a
little chipmunk and then there's me and
Alice I used to smile with my teeth then
for some reason I just stopped
Alice has always had a weird smile I
just look like a fat child with a bowl
haircut thanks mom
hey you never yeah we all pay up you
never told me you're a handsome bloody
devil in your forties look at this chap
come here let me compare okay smile look
at me Oh what you look like you look
like a man not to be match to it there's
me again that's yet oh my god touch you
look like are though ye it's just the
boys and I look like the most depressed
fat child in the world like what doesn't
someone mean this and tweeting me like
what is life I hate myself I look so
swag now having a category that was
right that's the signboard that's not
you
that's you yeah you having a laugh no oh
my god
Hey look at you in this one you hench's
anything is that comstor look out
flowers yeah well did you ever think I
was just going to turn into a really fat
at all
look up I had some weight on me dinner
she had some chubby games so you look
massively well attractive right now but
you look even more attractive all this
mate oh my God look at you they're
rocking some speedos out a mate rocking
some speed oh look a grabber she's
awesome
what did yeah you look like you
literally look like an Italian gelato
grandad when you're younger yeah whoo
you've got your peace sign up here
what's this about what I'm gonna say
you're like a drug lord in the next when
you like yeah dude peace
come here you your little shit come here
good god I'm gonna drink
wait a second Hannah can you hit up can
you hear that
that's peace and quiet before this thing
pops out a godfather number one over
here he's gonna be goddamn Pro it not
being here when I'm needed so what was
the names yeah what's the names you've
not picked a name yet everyone leave a
comment down below as to what it's a
baby girl what it should be called I
think Cindy is a great name
just sayin well read√∂ named it thomas
after me
oh man it's gonna get well scary best
means having a baby it's like hmm like
I'm dead stone from they're gonna be
amazing parents but it's just scary
money like we're all just used to bein
like the ones and I remember like when
we'd go out on the streets when we're
young getting pissed together and it's
just like okay no that doesn't happen
anymore but I mean like just crazy how
things have changed from that to now
having a kid but I'm really excited
because I'm gonna be a godfather and I'm
gonna look after that thing it's gonna
be adorable it's gonna be a legend and
when you turn the backs I give you
travel in the world with a baby like it
belongs to me now okay well all my I've
been working on a video that I've been
trying to do for ages it's a first room
challenge on college on bees and the
video I thought was gonna be like like I
don't know maybe 15 20 minutes something
end up being like an owl which is just
not so this is me now rendering it out
in like a good quality which probably is
gonna take forever in 1080p 60fps so I'm
gonna click render now and you're gonna
see the torment of time this is gonna
take oh my god okay at this point this
isn't even funny
this is like an 18 gigabyte video track
a 5 gigabyte face track and this is why
I do the live streams to YouTube and let
them turn into Bo DS because this shit
like waiting for my computer to render
out mm 37 minutes is a joke and if you
noticed it's still going up so yeah this
is just gonna take way too fucking much
okay so whilst my computer is rendering
for the next 19 million hours I did the
iOS 10 update I think I don't know it's
debate or something I don't know how I
like it cuz in text messages it was like
so you can do this drawing mess around
thing I was like this is great little
did I realize that all the messing about
that I was doing my Brooklyn people
don't blink blink blink actually sent
like my friends were sleeping at 3
o'clock in morning like 100 text
messages so - where's and everyone like
that I'm sorry but like I said it is 3
o'clock in the morning we don't have
many pancakes but we have waffles but
I'm worried they've been out a day so
let's check the day it is it was 15
let's warehouse down these things wait
26 October let me do math 26 September
guess what it's a wedding day but
some reason the fags inflated so does
that not mean that gas has been produced
from this therefore it's not good oh
that's not good this one holiday three
days go fuck so there is finishing
today's vlog the next day heading off on
an adventure tomorrow after tuning to
find out what that's about
thank you very much for watching that
unless make sure to leave a like rating
subscribe and I'll catch you guys then
and it ruins a better like 6 a.m. so
extremely tired right now at 10 o'clock
in the morning so far
