okay giant ant-man monster doom guy or
the dragon and step aside big
burners arrived bitch I can say for
sure this is not what how I like to
start my day carrying out all the empty
bottles that all had you know a little
bit of beer still left in them drop them
and spilt late everywhere it's gone in
every nook and every cranny of my window
and my floorboards yeah well starting
today off other potato cars on his way
around oh that's my sister's fiance ker
he's always way around cover brew I got
a pilot I want to do today no plan of
action as of just yet but I would do
something like productive ah Gaede a
friend
why does my like me just look mad weird
doesn't even look like it's mine it just
looks like a little specimen of flesh
well I just doesn't know what you sound
that a specimen of flesh
so today the insurance on my car right
now whomp one but that just gives me a
good excuse to get on the motorbikes
instead so we're gonna go for a ride on
the xj6 go and get my haircut
and basically start the day rather late
obviously oh she's a big what's that
let's pop the doors doors opening bike
ready warmed up I put some oil on this
bad boy she's gonna be a bit raw sticks
of nut rotor for a while but let's
listen to her
Oh beautiful okey-dokey John's haircut
acquired out and literally went like
that to show you my haircut them there
but haircut quiet and if you're watching
this now this is like the the daily walk
to today but the one that you saw
yesterday was just a one video of me
walking around which my thoughts go on
film because I did nothing all day
yesterday like I didn't do anything like
I might I didn't like the one clip of
something I did so it does classes the
daily walk but I literally did nothing
so I've got like a 1 video that I want
to talk about on the blogging channel
and stuff like that
and then post it because it's really
really important so if you didn't watch
yesterday's vlog it's like a really
really important update and you guys
he's gone watching so time to go get
some food and head home so I'm
absolutely shaking
it's like 552 right now and IV and no
food so I've got to get out and about a
get motivated oh look at them
together they're beautiful my babies I'm
so proud of them like that the whole
point when I first got this bike I was
like right from this point on I'm
getting every color a vehicle car
everything in this like what's it called
again
Daytona gray so Daytona gray by Daytona
gray car but it's actually a shinier
version of Daytona gray so we won't talk
about that but I was gonna get them all
like that and then get the calipers on
that put blue so every little trim piece
looks all the same but I'm leaving the
bike here with the helmet on top of it
hoping that a crow doesn't Nick
it so I can go and take care of
yesterday's blog oh okay then I totally
forgot that my dad was gonna drop off
these three boxes so these three boxes
down here that contain nothing but pop
figures oh my god I don't think I'm
gonna have enough room on my shelves to
put them on but we're gonna have to make
space first of all I still haven't eaten
anything all day so we're going out
getting some food I'm thinking
unfortunately it might be KFC so we'll
just have to see how things go really
don't want KFC cuz it's not good for you
neither is anybody but airscrew and I
don't know how I'm gonna oh I don't know
how we would transport the KFC on a bike
I just give myself obstacles in life all
right well it took me going to KFC it
took me 35 minutes to just go in and get
three strips and a burger it was unreal
hide KFC is absolutely terrible like
service for how long it takes like
ridiculous don't ever go there if you
any look
you'll completely understand what I'm
saying thought I already ate a strip
I'm eating my classic burger which looks
pretty good and no you can't have any
before you get this before you start
getting jealous you know no don't start
total got dropped it don't start turning
on something offering me pies when you
watch slicing my chicken sandwich you
know I've done it this is my chicken
sandwich you're not having any got a
question for you have you seen that baby
have you seen that baby for there are
you sure that's me yeah that's a fat
baby though yeah it was that big a fat
little chubster why is this Cameron just
not with that is a fat ball babe mate I
had issues like that on you about three
there well all this looks fine that's my
mum
my granddad Alice and then me is that
fat little bear bear I need to replace
the battery and chain on this one which
I hope I might actually try and do this
week look at this I put on a syndicate
original sticker on and it's still on to
this day yes
wait users is the syndicate sticker on
it as well it's an old-school okay look
at that that's not even part of the bike
it's just something from a biking race
cuz look it's got a mountain biker in
the middle of it it's actually nice no
idea who that is or what that is but
it's a cool ass ticket anyway and
whenever I see cool stickers like this
it reminds me of how I like I was
literally like probably last year I was
so close to starting a company
just based around stickers cuz I love
stickers speaking of which we'll just
leave the bike running speaking which
I'll show you my sticker wall I know
I've got to add to it but this is my
current sticker wall that looks pretty
put well you know what that's coming off
it look terrible I got too many of the
minute these are from all the Razr
products they just keep giving me extra
ones so I need to fill this wall with
stickers and if this one just gets too
full too quick which it might I think
I'm gonna stick a bomb the entirety of
that war and it may look a little bit
weird and less professional but like
this pieces of wooden shell or it right
now so if I could stick up on this wall
it might look sick I need to give this
little bit your name she's so cute look
oh she's beautiful
we need to know what mileage my car has
done to work out my insurance so worried
on let's go to menu
car and is it got a lifetime mileage no
oh they 3829 miles in yeah damn that's
all I've done flippin act it is indeed
2:25 in the morning right now I'm not
too kind of spooked out by my windows
can you guys see this this like weird
condensation mist on my windows looks
like naked bodies have been pressed up
against that I could see the outline of
like like what looks to be a human body
so hopefully my house isn't gonna get
broken jus by half naked dudes or women
that would just be kind of would
ya look at it whoa
this is well spooky my proper proper
spooky oh my all my windows and stuff
I've got like missed it up and it's only
in certain spots on my window that's
well freakin weird I'm not too fond of
that
okie dokie Jones we have business to
take care of three big-ass boxes
containing lots of presents I've ate
Chipettes and chaps this is where we're
up to we have completely filled one
shelf to the tea right now we've got
this shelf which you know that's one
spare room we can get rid of these
ornaments and we could probably fit a
few more in here it just depends that we
got to go this is the big shelf or this
well like the big ones go like this is
actually a pop vinyl so is this and like
shows the Train as well this shelf is
duplicates and the reason we've got the
duplicates is going to auction these off
for charity so I've got the hiccups on
someone she's pretty good we don't have
this one on so we need to try and
squeeze this onto the Star Wars shelf
somewhere but where we're gonna do that
I just don't have a goddamn clue and
pretty much all the rest of this shelf
is full so I don't know where I'm gonna
put the rest of these because I can't
put them onto here because again it's a
door and they'll just get knocked over
so we'll probably have to squeeze them
all in to these remaining shelves and
just kind of hope for the best so let's
get some boxes open and see how many
more we've got to add to the collection
okay yeah at this stage this just isn't
even funny look how many I've got to try
and add onto the shelf
I'm so glad people of like gifted minis
but like this is a mighty lot of amount
now there's quite a few duplicates a so
I'm just going to go through and put to
one side which of the duplicates but oh
my god I'm gonna count so yeah I mean
I've got from egx alone in total from
four days a game
eject 54 were given to me I'm pretty
sure it actually it might have been more
than 50 for that r2d2 which was gonna
say I just managed to get on the shelf
ease in there I think that might have
been from the show as well if it's not
I'm pretty sure I had to my individual
ones on their own that I've somehow
added to the shelf bought 54 in total
don't forget some of these are
duplicates so I'm going to separate the
duplicate ones and add them over to the
boxes over here because these are all
duplicates as well but oh my lord
this is a sweet amount of pop vinyls
this is an odd one I just realized that
I do not have ant-man
unlike the Avengers shelf over here I
know he's not in the Avengers the team
but you know he's in civil wars to find
I'm like wow actually don't have it well
thank goodness at the show I got given
giant I am and look at the size of it
compared to a standard one that is
ridiculous so he's gonna go on the shelf
over here of like big character so this
is obviously oh these are two from the
same universe this is from evolved this
is from Skyrim i believe i'm pretty sure
this is skyrim i think i think it's
official to say i have fully run out of
room on the star wars shelf right now
someone gave me this clone trooper 1
again no name on the box it's put a name
on the box and i can show it in the
volume like a thank you at that moment
time i always think people in person
when they give them to me
but when i'm like a film in the vlog
it's nice to thank them again but yeah i
don't think I can fit anymore rimoni
unless we like I know I might do some
magic and try and get this one on the
shelter don't think I have any of the
Star Wars here wants to add on and after
that I'm pretty sure I've got all them I
knew it I absolutely knew it look at
this I got Voldemort looking like what
the bro what are you looking at me
like this we do have another one for the
Harry Potter collection what you can get
Dumbledore well actually no sorry I
actually looked straight Hagrid and said
Dumbledore but I you can get Harry
Potter Ron Weasley Hermione Granger
Albus Dumbledore I'll just show you
Severus Snape Volvo tumor and Hagrid now
we have Harry Potter we have run we
don't have a mind if we have Dumbledore
no state Volvo limo and I can get Hagrid
that'll be just sick because then we can
officially say you're wizard so stay
tuned and today thank you very much you
might be like oh that's so cute and
fluffy no this is a character out of
frozen Shannon thank you for that but
you ow my biscuits wait why
so you have the frozen Elsa I'm sure
she's on here somewhere but she's just
hiding let's just say that and then oh
my God look how good this is
god damn Slimer when you look at these
collections you got like Star Wars you
got figures like that you know you've
got like the characters from all like
everything 300 Harry Potter Breaking Bad
so many characters from anything you
know bronies My Little Pony that sort of
thing but I don't think at any point I
would have thought the company after you
know I'm following all these shows and
TV series and stuffs would have made the
sharknado official pop vinyl so the fact
that they've made this gives me hope to
think that maybe just maybe one day
they'll make a youtuber collection it
makes so much sense to do one I honestly
don't understand why they haven't done
it yet but man that'd be pretty sweet
and I've just noticed that oh god this
is gonna this is gonna become official
these badass-looking ones and then all
of a sudden another damn brony so I
think we have to take this pony brony I
don't say pony you have to take this
pony you put it on this show this is
gonna be like the the wall of like
boring looking characters I'm not gonna
lie cause it's like when they're wearing
suits and stuff yeah obviously we got
Robocop you can come up here and you can
try with bumblebee something like that
and let's take this create crank craves
crap Krauss I don't know it's not Krauts
gaming on YouTube but we'll make this
like the boring wearing suit shelf I
know it's not fun but it's all the way
in the bottom corner it's normal to see
it anyway and we'll add the extra my
little parody under the cell shut so we
have Fluttershy and I actually can't
remember who this is I know the bronies
in the comments are gonna kill me I'm
not officially a brony by the way it's
just now that I have two My Little Pony
items in my house so you know people are
gonna put like like things together and
be like Tom you sure you're not a fan of
the pony bronies love Laika I cannot
deny it it is a fact so as to what's
going on with the collections now I've
added I've got the full set of Power
Rangers so up here we've got all the
Deadpool's
we've got all the Ninja Turtles we then
have random guy from up you just pissed
off and then we have the power ranger
set so we've got like a fourteen there
plus the chimichangas van with Deadpool
rock and roll in it and down here this
is this is the way this combination
think of the entire law so over here
you've got pac-man pac-man Game of
Thrones Game of Thrones another
one here and now we've got Ghostbusters
so we have a Ghostbuster here ghost was
the hair so a thought seemed as though
we have I think this is called mrs.
pinky or mr. pinky what I'm pretty sure
is missus but we now have Slimer over
here on the left hand side as well so
this is the game of Thrones meet
Ghostbusters meets pac-man movie
franchise idea so with any creators out
there I want to make some cool I
find out or anything like that awesome
animations this is your cast to play
with so yeah it is what it is
nailed it managed to squeeze well it
looks a bit tight but I managed to
squeeze all of them into it now so there
is my latest addition to the Star Wars
one and at this point I'm pretty sure
like where's the where's the box for
that areas yeah look at how many boxes
I've got this is real okay well no I
just about say pretty sure I've
collected them all but no way I don't
have that Han Solo I don't I don't have
any of them except Luke Skywalker Jedi
Knight back there I don't know any of
them ones I only have the one clone
trooper so there's even more to try and
collect so this might have to be a Star
Wars shop and this one as well might be
because I got the Batman's cheering up
here and like the back to the future an
ex-member I'm just kind of running out
of space I really need to stop
organizing them in like TV show sets and
stuff like that but it feels kind of
nice to do it but at the same time it's
just I'm not going to do it it's gonna
get to a point where I've completely run
out of room but freaking out look at all
that but look at these these are the
these are the yos I was gonna say what
is this
as far as organization goes I think I've
kind of nailed it I've moved a few of
them around so that together like the
frozen one we got Elsa I'm pretty sure
that's also in the movie and then her
like little moose thing over here
reindeer whatever it is but yeah we've
got like all the fighters up here we've
got like the the cutesy looking
characters a light little animations
it's definitely got Nemo over here
looking a little cute guy they realize I
have to sesame seed sit seed seed to
Sesame Street characters over here we
could put them with the big bird but I'm
keep them separate we have two fighting
team plus the the one angry guy I don't
know I put him from there from inside
out we've got Ghostbusters meets pac-man
meets Game of Thrones then we have
random people in suits meets assassin
creed
to Gotham short why the hell not down
here we've got a fall out along the back
that's every single fallout character
that I have like in other suits the far
buy the dog meats off lights and the
ghouls looking pretty cool we got the
two the two penguins and then we got you
know obviously minions because we had to
throw meetings in here somewhere
then we've got a bit of a random one
because I'm not too sure whether like I
know these obviously the same but I'm
not too sure whether that's from the
same universe is that which I think it
is if it's not that a up because
I think that's from the same universes
then but it might be wrong but then
again you've got a character from doom
meets bumblebee meets sharknado so it's
just that it's all I could do so there
you go that's that shelf then we have
the Breaking Bad meets
Deadpool why I don't know I just felt
like it was necessary I could move that
onto here like move the Power Rangers
off there and the Ninja Turtles and
stuff move them off there and have that
Deadpool only shelf bought oh no I just
thought it's for having Breaking Bad and
Deadpool just seems necessary to go
together the big collection guys the
Harry Potter collection I gave a bit
more of a better organization for these
dudes up here again a duplicates it's
not much I can do with this shelf
because I need to need to get in a neat
light and installed on the top of these
I'd be pretty cool 10 it could like cast
a Down light on these or whatever but
yeah then we got these bad boys up top
down a shaft Star Wars looking mighty
mighty packs then we got these over here
which a new addition to this was the
flash wearing this suit and also punish
it I've completely forgot about that as
to why is green at you really don't
understand that but we've got a green
polish ashore over here again we've got
a sergeant Frank woods though add it to
this and then this bub I forgot to point
out we actually got the Hulk so that's
pretty cool we got the hall to add to
the collection which is Mady god damn
fine and black suit spider-man not too
sure about that one but Cena's always in
the Avengers Waller threw him down here
so that's my collection so far and I'll
do a quick count see only I've gotten
tall but are not duplicates like will
ignore duplicates not count these and
see how many I've got oh okay so after
counting all of them mother of tits on a
pancake a hundred and ninety five non
duplicates on here I don't wanna be an
idiot I don't know whether apps are
counted these are not so I don't want to
say I got two hundred four hundred and
ninety five pop vinyl figures
on this shelf and then we are probably
about 20 spares but oh my God look at
all the boxes from this and thank you to
the people who hid letters and them like
it does make it difficult when people
realizing that when I'm opening them
dead fast to get them out
so protip I wouldn't hide your letter in
the back of them give that to me in
person so then I can I know you've given
it to me I'll definitely definitely read
it and not accidentally lose I don't
think I've lost any had a triple checked
after the first one I open there's a
letter in the back of it so I checked
all of them but just for future
reference and stuff but yeah a hundred
and ninety five this is the biggest
collection of anything I've ever had in
my life
that I used to collect like pokemon
cards when I was younger James Bond
magazines I think was only like 30 of
them I like 50 of them but this is by
far the biggest collection of anything
I've ever had in my life so oh my days
gge tend to end the vlog the next day
could have done it the same day but it
was two o'clock come on and I was very
tired but we're starting today going off
to like little animals ooh it should be
awesome so you have to find out what
happens there in tomorrow's vlog at 6
p.m. UK time so mum do the outro for me
too everyone subscribe make sure you
like and see you tomorrow please you
might describe leave a lot rights in see
tomorrow there you go adios
