new Jord new day my eyes literally
burning from the inside the sheep have
all disappeared my car is not warmed up
and I am twenty five minutes late to
where I need to be this is the dude on
and his new day and where I'm supposed
to be right now is not here at my house
and supposed to be at the restaurant
with Chris and everyone else where
they're having the birthday meal for
Chris because I was up to looking sermon
and watching Netflix that's the
restaurant I'm going to but god damn
look at that parking I had no idea how
low that curb was and luckily didn't
even touch it yes I made it just in time
for everyone to finish so I'm enjoy my
breakfast which is a single size of
garlic bread
thank you Tom McCallum thank you
mmm ravishing oh my baby
look babe it hasn't woken I was about
she was sleeping and I was like hold the
baby like so and oh my god she's a girl
she's so cute what I thought I was about
to stop breastfeeding stop the filming
do you happy birthday him hip hip hip
hip hip I'm one for very much good look
that was indeed a very nice
establishment I literally had two slices
of garlic bread and a chocolate cake for
breakfast so I think I'm on a pretty
healthy diet and here we see Sammy oh my
god man nice parking I ain't sure this
doesn't all say no parking along here
hey but you bought a ticket so it gives
a foot alright are you ready - you ready
for me to crash because I'm packed in
pretty tight space look you ate excuse
me you want you don't have seen things
like that cheeky bastard right so ever
the fun ones who gave us the glasses Tom
these are your rave glasses right these
are your drunk rave buses this is your
new toy when you part in at my house yes
real it's a proper training one like a
proper one the first thing you slice
they blunted it a bit but it's not
really sharp a fun gave it me we're
going to see them next Tuesday though
what the person who gave it me they
worked it like an animal reserve thing
so we're gonna seem like on monkeys
everything yes like Tuesday oh yeah so
the rule is with it right the first
thing you chopped or sliced with it like
that's what it's called so like if I got
like a slice of my bearded dragon skin I
could slice it and call it bearded
dragon I could kill a crow and call it
crow I could slice a potato and cut
potato
you know you kind of give it careful we
go get some beer to play beer pong with
RINO you having fun back there
are you having the best day of your life
Tom's absolutely fine I say if I get the
Jag you guys are fucked that's just the
end of story so that's gonna get some
beverages oh you're good man I don't
know we're playing beer pong but Jesus
it's a lot of Budweiser some variation
of style there yeah that's very issue
porky donkey Jones it is I don't know
what's going on I've got beer he's got
fucking raspberry juice over so I'm sure
but it's me versus Tom MC HD so
hopefully I'm gonna take him down and if
you're wondering why the tables so low
Tom forgot to put it up an extra level
but we thought fuck it we'll try it
we'll try what small man babies and up
and he's first few shot oh really know
what rule if you get it in the water you
have to drink the water
he and may the record show that I shot
the first one in very impressed to
myself another way to forget the middle
one it's quite a dirty shot so yes
basically you have to drink a shot me
Jagermeister some a lot whoop
call you played yourself oh you played
stuff again Brian on a scale of one to
ten how am i doing so far
1004 Tom three for me we've only been
playing like two minutes
he's probably gonna just drive me out
and we've all been playing this game
like eight minutes no Western up five
and yeah you have to drink the beer and
I got his dirty shot so it's one two
three four five six I think that own but
neither boy wait is it nine bitterballen
attempting bowling just 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 what the fuck I just did both
wrong
GE they just left it there all right so
however much time where this is tom by
miraculous fucking magician shit managed
to bring it to its i-55 so now I have
two more that I need to drink ah holy in
a piece in the galley bread
time to scare so ladies and gentlemen we
have an update this is how long the
games been going like 40 minutes and tom
is down to one and I'm down to one so
this is the deciding round Scrooged
Scrooged
oh so impressed oh my god one I need a
fucking haircut and two I won a fucking
one McKellen I'll do a shot but you
stopped to drink my drink
can we just take a moment to go new one
would you just would you just look at
you it was at this moment we post music
we pause the beer pong cuz it yeah lost
don't talk about that the Sun looks
absolutely beautiful whilst no filter no
filter was it saying absolutely
delicious but we're locking up the house
because Sam is gonna drive us to my dogs
cuz he's not been drinking so even
though I only had I only had when I woke
up this morning two slices of guy bread
and a chocolate cake I will now go to my
dogs fill my stomach up sure i'll fill
my stomach stomach up on the most
revolting food possible just so for the
rest of the night we are under the
influence of food so confused how a bed
can poo that much what the fuck okay
tell us what are you appearing to do it
8 o'clock at night
the whole English shit and buy this shit
do you mean the most awesome LEGO
creation in your life so this is what is
supposed to look like and where you up
to baby looks like I'm sick Tommy Thomas
I do not believe you are achieving your
exact grades your plate is now soda
Beckett hey Rizzoli yeah give up so
we'll just have to see how things go boy
take my credit card I don't want it back
passage where apparently my dad dropped
the most expensive ball of Japan's
entire life in they may let me sketch
this book and we may now start walking
down the corridor we may be walking down
a corridor that we have no idea where
where does this lead
yeah that's okay saying like this is the
fucking tunnel but where did I am I in
fucking London dungeon system I have no
idea I am nah is it open it's a pool
room in here 3d beef meat boy is closed
and backed up it's closed sorry sorry
guys back down the tunnel we go I got a
shocking
it's the next day right now and my gosh
am i one tired - exhausted three I've
got so much cleaning into my house to do
and I throw I just throw away like 60
pounds worth of McDonald's that for some
reason even though you saw me go to my
girls once early today we went even
again last night afterwards and look
we've literally got a full bag full of
McDonald's up like this is all food that
hasn't been beaten but nonetheless and
great now a brother's a really really
good time we got back at like four
o'clock in the morning I went to bed at
like four o'clock in the morning as of
right now the vlog is late being
uploaded because by the time I got up
got out of bed and started this day it
was pretty much already too late for me
to even start editing the vlog and get
it up on time so I apologize for that
but my day is now gonna consist of
cleaning and watching Luke Cage on
Netflix which is awesome and the hair is
staying in potato mode so until tomorrow
and I will catch you guys then I don't
know I'm doing tomorrow's vlog but on
Tuesday should be a really fun day of
going to that animal play so I'm really
really really excited to see how that
goes but until next time guys
you may have a free warm beer on me and
I'm gonna go now and upload this video
hopefully so until then thank you very
much for watching start the video cut
off there I got a phone call thank you
very much for watching
I hope you did enjoy I am gonna sit and
watch all of this Luke Cage on Netflix
so far it's really good like really into
it for everyone asking like what I think
of it could be a bit more action in it
and less random talk and stuff ah but
I'm gonna say if the rest of the day now
do absolutely nothing and enjoy Netflix
cuz that's pretty much I think it's
Illuminati just to ruin our lives and
sleep schedules and what the hell
I only just realized my speaker fell out
the ceiling what
