listen we're going to ignore the fact
that I'm still in bed right now and it's
five o'clock in the afternoon the next
day but I need to let you guys know is
if you want to add a syndicate original
shirt and you don't want to pay any
shipping if you're from the UK and like
around the UK then if you use the code
free shipping when you purchase an order
you'll get free shipping for the next 48
hours if you want to go and get yourself
some swag links the description goes to
neutral general comm click the UK site
and go and get yourself some stuff thank
you very much for that and I will let
you enjoy your video adios I hardly ever
use the shower but look at the size of
the showerhead it's magnificent
I like how I wake up this morning and
find my dad stood outside my house like
I like cleaning things and he's actually
just come to my house so I can wash his
goddamn van down there and then this guy
what are you doing here scuri I don't
quite think that but yeah sure whatever
Lee nice to see nice you see mr. Lee
shit that wasn't exactly the reaction I
was hoping for I was hoping for more oh
shit drops his beer and smashes it but I
still scared him nonetheless the
pleasure of a house that's open like
source spray we have painted some happy
little cloud as you can see we got a
little bit of a brush over here a little
bit of something going on here and then
I think your nuclear fallout in the
distance the most I've seen of today so
far so we're going to continue on making
the most of being outside the house by
turning off the computer a finish making
a video that I needed to do to the day
so that's done and going to my sister's
house for dinner and I have arrived at
Alice's house
um genuinely forgot which one's hers now
um this one nope housekeeping I made it
so I went a long way oh hi smells nice
well look ugly this is you definitely oh
it's always this late is it yeah my
fucking ass is hello mr. cat hello hello
hey Oh
fizzy one is it joining us for dinner
yeah little rat boy Coria no kidding
look team so cute I'd like to introduce
you guys to my sister's office up here
is um if you just move past the
suitcases the box at the bags you may
eventually find where she's supposed to
sit down and do her work uh yeah this is
supposed to be your home office in there
I don't understand how you fucking use
it oh that's when Karl proposed to him
so Kyle proposed to her outside the Taj
Mahal oh no way you two when you were
younger cow looks like a goddamn
features compared to doubt like a proper
girl Mun I said Oh click on that so
please Oh like that compared to that
nice scary
you look you look like a sixteen year
old I correct that was their graduating
wait
21 jeez no look at ya yeah yeah Monica's
mastery Monica okay we just ignore
Monica's mention do it okay
laughing this one oh you didn't okay
Cal's got this epic jump pose and you
look like you're slightly dying look at
your face
Ellen wall filling wall you could have
took a blurry picture if you tried I
don't know Morocco Morocco well I mean
Tara knows this bubbling 2012 if that
looks like a while ago Leaning Tower of
Pisa
could you go inside it was empty he goes
right to the top what really I thought
exempted in a start-up that's the sort
of stuff I want to go and see why'd you
sound out of breath is that from running
upstairs ah oh when's this what's going
on with your nose you know you got some
dead souls attached to them but no it's
nice is that are you so key you're such
relationshipgoals
off you can watch you actually cooked
for me are you promising me you cooked
it and it didn't come out of the packet
okay so if it tastes like shit then you
can take all the blame yeah let me take
a look okay
it's always chicken and wait I'm
mushroom pie so this words I don't like
leaks and you don't like my shooting I
do like mushrooms man like aroma
absolute looked rather nice to be honest
pop from the green pad all that spinach
I'm gonna give you right now attend
there boy give us all away
god I'd imagine me to move the palace
ready
hmm
you know what you know what I'm Triberr
this what's this what's this feed a
little pastry now let's go
it's got a load of it togethers try
again full video song mmm mmm you
definitely got solid 5 Joe is actually
really nice you know what because I give
everything an 8 I think I'm gonna give
this for flavor that's so how much I'm
enjoying it I'm gonna leave at any point
one way yeah seriously how about the
night your face I was definitely 8.1 it
was really really good I might give you
an 8 because you cook that meal but
there's some basic bitch microwavable
vegetables you do look at them like
soggy bastards introducing Theodore the
performing cat what can he do for us
today
Vijender busy
yeah but gender in the Oh another one
300 that's what you get what my scale
that's what you get get it feel giddy oh
ha ha ha I heard it fall and smudge did
we got you breaking into the penny jar
this glass everywhere oh oh did you
break the penny job you fucking idiot
just brat looks like a mental breakdown
right now for some reason I just really
want chocolate cake I don't know why I
figured that Alice says come around for
dinner would have a dessert for me she
doesn't have a dessert for me so now I'm
like what the fuck
then she comes up with these three
plates in my oh my god she's found a
cake turns out now if we're just having
fuckin tea because we're British and
shit don't you sit over there
do I really want I want that good
chocolate cake that we always used to
have at dad's house but you know you
know the good one the Cadbury sorta like
formula don't the one with the swirls on
top yeah I don't care Cal I want cake I
know I feel like I'm a pregnant woman
like that like always well we're
actually having food in the car
how British do we want to get right here
my bisque is I want some oh I want some
other digesters yes where where is it
yeah Oh joke because I demanded it that
much you're actually going time hmm we
look like we're about to roll up a
fucking Rob this China but we just have
to chocolate fuckin biscuit this plays
better I've McVitie's fuckin chocolate
digestives otherwise someone's gonna get
caught I'm buying all the biscuits
I'm not messing around mate two packs of
biscuits and a chunky puck as well just
to play it safe and thinking Chris if
you watch the vlogs thinking of you baby
food and nappies and Huggies and shit
holy shit these used to be the best
things ever you just stretch them and
slap them at people oh no then Smyly
stretching them oh my god I'm getting
taller yet one please work please work
to guarantee gets I get ripped off in
man I mean here Alice right in the
fucking face good one what's this space
Jess there's no going back out Karl
we've got the chocolate biscuit you can
have it you can keep it as a tip we got
we got chocolate biscuits for our cup of
tea I'm so happy I don't know why I'm
just proper if you like a problem like a
pregnant woman today I'm craving
chocolate I'm long Alice we got biscuits
how about today did you clean up the
glass oh yeah this does it live up to
the hype and expectation the answer is
yes about it on it yeah yes god these
are the best thing when you used to be
at school you just throw these on the
ceiling and you just be laughing your
tits off when they be like 20 on the
ceiling and you teach you didn't know Oh
cats interested and can't Center oh oh
oh the cats trying to get it
how are you gonna even try and enjoy
that oh he's gone no but don't you dare
eat that don't you dare eat that wait
it's here see what he does look he's
like how is this possible only people
try and jump for it he's gonna start
slowly moving and rolling up in it
cat versus alien fight you lazy shit he
quit so fast okay then he wants it but
he just can't get it shove all your mind
even more you ready oh oh oh so we
managed to get some custard cream some
chocolate digestives some we chose we
felt like some sweets could have felt
like it some more chocolate digestives a
ripple for Alice some chunky biscuits
for me then a bounty for car then we
managed to get a can of real calc I
don't know how that is and then that was
it so yeah wait could dig them up wait
where's it gone what did it oh we think
of a fork
hello so I can say is mission successful
this is actually a hundred and ten
percent proof that I'm British okay time
to make some beautiful - what the fuck
you do what do you do this is cheating
this yeah well what the neighbors are
gonna be thinking what the fuck are you
guys doing a half tenant I trouble a
series and like this okay milk please
say well when there you go
I kid you not we've spent the last
probably 15 minutes um organizing it to
look really nice for a photo if you go
to my Twitter you'll probably most
likely see all my sister to a book there
you go
we're now going to have our biscuits and
tea after we finished our Matt Cassell
Tea Party + cow on the car I drove home
and then children playing God you woke
up three all damn night and then was up
to like 3 a.m. to the point where it's
actually five o'clock in the afternoon
right now and I've only just woke up so
I've completely wasted my day and you
know what I don't even care because I
was so completely asleep in bed and I'm
nice and relaxed so I'm gonna go
probably back to bed now because I've
even tied but I'm gonna let you guys
enjoy the rest e day so thank you very
much for watching I hope you enjoyed the
video if you did enjoy me spending
quality time my family make sure you
leave like creighton we should be going
off to a zoo together next week which
should be pretty cool it's all organized
like a subscriber who gave me a samurai
starts I'm really looking forward to
that so if you guys are as well but you
should click that subscribe button I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next
daily vlog patty oh Sh
