starting today very simply tired like I
said went to bed last night at like 6
o'clock tomorrow it's now 12 solid six
hours sleep under I now need to go and
see a woman about some curtains later I
look a little bit less like a potato but
more like I'm ready to start my day
and for the record there they are
my beautiful luscious green grass I feel
sorry for my neighbor cuz she has Mose
oh ye chicka wow wow
got myself my hopefully what I'm
believing is my box of Razer swag they
dropped it off my knee because I wasn't
in so I'm hoping this is my new razor
headset except I was like Tom why you
raise a headset that's like ten years
old one actually really good in comfy
and - I was waiting for meymaneh was I
don't know if the wireless version or
wired version but nonetheless I hope
this is the box with the bin okay this
is definitely a razor box of swags what
if we got oh
razor MANOWAR's are they the wireless
version ah they the wireless version
they are while especially yes 7.1
surround sound there we've got some
hammerhead pros that's what I like
then we've got my razor rip saw
basically a recaptured device but it's
not basically is a capture device but
playing games you pull out like console
and then we've got what is that what the
hell
wait what a nut Man O'War that's what I
got the shit another set of hammerhead
pros day and razor you are not mess
around
I've got a luke regular below so I got
to I got to metaphors
what do I got whoop what do I got to I
wonder that's because razor just know I
am successful at breaking everything so
- - these two DS I'm one of those yes
thank you very much raise a team EU and
us for swagging me out another day
another fall English private this is
gonna catch up to me
what I do is exercise well I've said in
here the game in event setup I get what
I get a Christmas break first and then
past a box thing usually
you did try to keep you fair to me we
are super self caesar-salad sign we did
have a Caesar salad which is on below
their score this is a proper full
English breakfast toast a white toast
not that multi great shit so this is
what my drives usually like nice and dry
and you can scrape your feet on it but
then we put this lacquer on this it
sounds like it's a laminate for oh my
god can you slip on it this especially
when you go the hot tub slides die oh I
don't know I fetch it
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear ginger bollocks
do you oh my God look at these bad boys
I'm gonna see if they're comfy oh I'm
loving them they look a bit big on my
head but they are really comfy so I'm
gonna set these up in a minute and we
could have a look at how they rock and
roll these new headphones are actually
really good I can't is shit
well you nice it goes in the back of the
TT belly
that's why no one gets that treat it
like it's a to see it because no one can
fit in back there
there is room but you are getting your
gel Dedham our ceiling plate for your
birthday
we've bought you a electric scooter are
you happy there best birthday surprise
ever
look look excited come on look like
you're shocked in you're happy to get it
awful car way oh we could get your 10
half grand back over it but you know you
don't even have a you don't have a
license yet so I will think about I
can't believe he doesn't seem as excited
as me
yeah he's won over look blue one let's
get that one instead see why don't you
just get one of them me it's yours I'll
get it for you right now oh wait you
still doubt the license
thirteen hundred quid though for some of
that old you should be happy with the
one I've already bought you you think
I'm getting you anything else you can
get lost the final count damper oh oh it
actually looks like a nuclear bomb just
went off football
at the top of the mushroom cloud would
Ken would you look at that just lately
it's almost as red as your hair look at
it look so sunset oh my god just look at
that look at it beautiful we happy
birthday mate congratulations on being
42 years old dad we get to the bar get
some drinking ball and I'll get to look
what it's good for
listen dad you're an alcoholic okay I'm
not I take my patients with alcohol you
can use a sleeping drink I don't know
you're talking about I was not in bed we
talked about war observing the ginger
radiating radiating heat from his
forehead whoa so dad but we were
premature to the game that is it now
that that is a view this is not even
filtered looking Wow god oh cool no no
those of you out here what captrick dawn
lights don't got it caught you got it go
on good oh look at that the able look at
that view oh my god that actually looks
incredible I think this you know this is
incredible look at that red skies for
days absolutely
4k beautiful okay listen no dad sure
you've committed
relative no no what you mean no Shawn
Shawn okay we're gonna do this how
accurate with a knife here very accurate
why don't you throw it okay now the pipe
pot my dad tried this I want crit can
you do it Lord will do it no oh I like
how he does a feel of it well Wesley did
not do me wrong this looks absolutely
I'm all you doing I'm making it she's
stealing chips babe you know what I'm
Nicola chippers off fellas mine Oh Shawn
someday I still have a still firing
double-barreled shotguns okay yeah
making holes in paper see you later
/ - sharp use a shotgun behind this is
the kitchen yeah
Lydia you've got this mate you got this
all you have to do is draw a three and
an eight
come on you can do it just a tree in the
name you're going to make it more
casually good oh I don't know I'm
anticipating something here
oh that's pretty good yes I hopefully
still a it's not 38 I fucked it
oh yeah I'm Oh Yoshi nailed it
did you walk out this door saying happy
birthday you ready nice nugget it
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear Lee happy
birthday to you happy birthday baby
courtesy of Wesley B what what why well
I'm getting potato pancakes waffles ice
cream in a lucozade the difference in
family hey back in the original House
were started my youtube channel we have
Gale looking absolutely fabulous as
always Ken looking like a biker leave
being the birthday boy and when I go
into the room over here what stands out
the most
oh yes Eric just sat here being a fat
tourists a Cheers no my friend what do
you do just a one you just quit
literally he just cruises about that is
it and just does whatever the hell he
wants
look how bit he used to be as big as
like it could fit in the palm of my hand
now he's twat no I was like five times
the size of Power Man okay this guy's
gonna live till he's a hundred you don't
give a truck I know I know yeah I know
no this is Tia
you guys should remember tear from like
way back in the vlogs
his craziest thing that six years ago I
started a YouTube channel that was if
you got back to my first ever video on
this channel it was based all around
blogging and do back here six years
later and now I'm a daily vlogger and
this is Tia she's all old and
a bitch like bricks years later and it's
just crazy best friend has a kid and I
went to college with them at the time
it's just a weird experience in laughing
it ain't idea who one job can can you do
it no I can't do it
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday Diddley happy
birthday to you hip-hip Emmet Emmet I
want the good luck ray what I'm gonna
make a wish
make a wish you know why did you ever
consider playing the role of the Joker
butter ginger hair make you've got a
ginger hair and you're rocking the bowl
I hate Showtime not doing too bad
tonight it is currently 2 o'clock in the
morning I finished failing at making
videos tonight I've got live around 100
challenge that I've got going on right
now one sec he's getting paid black got
my round 100 challenge that I need to be
continued on editing and uploading like
episode by episode by episode which is
going absolutely fine so far boy I had a
challenge though it's try and complete
because some of my comments was like Tom
I tried you to do this and I was like
you know what fuck it I'm gonna do it
recorded the video it turned out really
funny really great until I realized the
gameplay didn't have any audio so
unfortunately I was like fuck I'll just
record it again but then has 2 o'clock
the morning do I really want to commit
like X amount of time to making the
video again I should just wait till
tomorrow so I decided I'm just gonna
rest go to bed probably watch Netflix
for like nine hours get up in the
morning and do it that no the next day
after I said I finished failed at making
that challenge video in the comments and
I got it going finished it turned out
really really good turning into video
right now just watching a minute o
absolute I was a mini minute video I'm
actually watching Mike was bought the
video that was on miss channel breather
way watching this and wave this to vlog
too
load I know I started this upload at 553
so yes it's late my apologies but
nonetheless I hope you did enjoyed a
vlog make sure leave that like rain
subscribe and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow for my next daily vlog at 6
p.m. UK time ish and don't forget part
two of the round the road to round 100
goes live at 7:30 so link will be in the
description if you want to click that
link to go watch a video then go check
out enjoy some gameplay of zombies adios
