it's another busy day Amsterdam eeeh
with a damn square where today we may go
into the de Bangkok off or not first cop
is bake my day well we went yesterday
rather than being explorers of the world
we're going to the exact same kind of
restaurant but in a different location
because it was that damn good and
hopefully lots of cakes oh yeah oh yeah
oh yeah oh yeah I did absolutely are
dead now all you need to do is be naked
and have penis yeah okay bakery please
come busy please don't be busy please
don't be busy please don't busy yeah
kind of busy cool orders chicken sausage
two of those
I almost when she say it's very nervous
I almost want to say she called it I
don't know about a Moroccan the sandwich
did you say that Moroccan pancakes good
so what's your verdict
okay bit heavy so what do you think
about my Jeffie sausage excited oh it is
I didn't know a lot of weird enough now
it looks even weird that when you take
that first layer it's like pink then
it's got white stuff inside it it's nice
innit yeah yeah
that was very nice actually I probably
about nine perfect little way to start
my day a nice little sausage and Lydia
is doing what what are you doing Oh God
not what innings that's a pretty
nice-looking plum pause girl the
different styles you can get it look
aside these ones
bloody hell listen don't stop don't stop
I think they're nice to buy socks and I
bought you what are they both like ankle
socks what I would have got it wrong
definitely then and what did I buy you
put the fly socks
that's not a Topshop okay I don't smoke
at all but that is impressive that is a
three-way joint smoker whoa why wait
what the heck you do love you butterfly
socks and say you've got pastry in you
I'm glad you like them okay we've got
we've got a mission to find a smoking
device that lets just smoke more than
five okay fives the new high school wait
I'm pretty sure it's right to say that's
the smallest building in Amsterdam
remember that YouTube video that guy
ladies and gentlemen a bit of touristy
shit for your information is that let me
get past all these people ah we watched
a video of tops and things to do in
Amsterdam and on the video we said like
this building here it's like an
indication where it is and right next to
it this tiny little thing is the
smallest building in Amsterdam
the I want to say world's smallest house
but I don't think it's a world smallest
house it's the smallest Amsterdam iam
house ever
boom fucks I nearly walked past the
Museum of prostitution how on earth
could have done that no filming in here
you know I'm just gonna go with that
okay so we have a Russian tour guide and
she's been a prostitute for 15 years
okay this woman had sex with a hundred
and twenty men
a hundred and twenty women a day men in
a day like so this is the other side of
the window okay you're like I can't be
seen here I need a month
come on then hello ladies
you want some 20 quid fiver you know
what okay I'll give you 20 P come on see
it suits you I also want to know come
come come come
just my sales that should be good hey
hey walking past the lead a woman I need
a woman to walk past so I can just go
like come come come come come come come
come come come
because I'm one it's saying come come
come come come come oh no oh god no and
then this is where they take you in - oh
boy what a what a luxurious bed let me
feel the comfort on this what's going on
what are you doing still no climb do
back Oh God aim yo all I'm saying is not
some terrible idea you ever like you can
see everything like everything I'll take
one gyro
two two yards yeah they just said like
if you smell and you're walking to a
prostitute's room you smell they can
just kick you out and won't give you
your money back
she said some guy walked in we smelly
feet and she was like oh hell no kicked
him out look so that's like the standard
room and then you can upgrade to the VIP
room and the bathroom yo they got pan
please have folded here no burn this
tour you get this little machine and
then you just take you up against this
it beats and then you can hear the story
this has caught the luxury room yeah
that's awesome they've got a you got a
swing for when they get bored right
right Lydia right right hey I could be
there you know - let the whole whips and
chains and stuff like that it's got
soundproofing in it like my office it's
also got a really creepy ur gey nice
she's terrified smile
oh yes yeah apparently this is what it's
like tell people walking past year
this is so weird oh look at this guy
going
why so freaky Oh Oh No this is so
uncomfortable
yeah man this would be it's bad it's
guys terrifying no my god this guy's
back he's terrifying
he's absolutely to me that looks like
I'm not gonna say a name but it looks
like one of my best mates stepped out
that's all I'm saying
what kind of things do men leave behind
cream all steep glasses wallets extreme
watch these ties I'm surprised the teeth
that's that's kind of weird that is kind
of gonna win every time I must have a I
use my Henry Hoover honestly the best
ever ever trying to reign from an
English smoke all right and right you do
you mean this is the confession so I
confess something I'm more important
like everyone's wrote on the on the
walls so I'm gonna do the same took a
nice oh oh I hope it doesn't go
somewhere like they had sex in here like
no we didn't we just just smiled for the
back camera that's pretty good proper
educational I would I would actually
really recommend that I thought it was
gonna be like pretty crap she's only
like 10 years to go in it well if you're
on the red light strip that that was
really good you really want to go to it
alright we've now got ahead to our next
destination
we got a Spira house woman I can't film
oh oh she I forgot we are in the red
light district I'll be right back and
next destination is Body Works I will
sorry I don't want to keep saying works
I've actually been to one of these
before but love your husband and it's
pretty damn interesting to be honest
like yep but most likely an actual real
person self and
Oh Skeet Skeet Bodyworks willed world
what he would act never working scan we
through levels and it looks like okay
that's what that's what men gene looks
like alright educational you know I like
my knees I really messed up somewhere I
think it's down there that they're
reminding is what's not well that's why
I'm talking
this is just so so open school looks
like it's just intense are you enjoying
your body work experience from
Constitution to dead bodies
very educational Italy and in and skin
it was teeth ago diva this guy was a
sailor it was like yeah I'll donate my
body if you put me next to a wheel oh
they just felt like he was necessary
hey Lydia to be fair he has got a pretty
good stance look at him bug cheeks
she's nice DNA but that's what we are
take up our skin nice he's also stood
right there and could you be alive with
your skin you know if it was no pain I
don't know that's where my biggest fears
but snapping your Achilles their magic
should not be done sir like in an
emergency would not be able to walk baby
that's way to think you know I thought
it'd be much bigger luminous ice skaters
my dancers he's definitely checking out
that booty
she's definitely she gots to show a knee
replacement that's like if you've broken
your wrist and vanaya
not sure what's going on in the
cheekbone there but like these are all
the parts that they show a different
replacement it's like a hip replacement
that's mad daddy proper mad look at that
elbow joint and placement that's well
wait I know it's such a simple thing but
how nice is a swing it's just I might
put one in you know I'm a big treat for
the house I think I might put one in
there ever ever kid I want them to be
able to grow up a little tree sitting in
front of ours it's just nice innit just
literally lets you put your feet up and
enjoy
oh yeah we should get up and let the
kids play sorry
she's definitely from around there
definitely look at her she's well
enjoying herself and before I go any
further that's clearly a woman and yes I
did just assume her gender
thank you yes the dick jumping over
events at exhibition that would be me
are you trying to say something sighs
mm-hmm
you time to find out on how unhealthy I
am
okay the pressures getting tighter just
to be fair I did just take a poo so that
might take into account pressure okay
we're still going oh that's pretty tight
that me ages ago okay I think it's done
bloody hell that was tight huh you went
up to like 170 hey I wouldn't fit on me
when I was seven I think pressure 105
105 and 57 105 105 what is that saying
healthy blood pressure okay works out
that I have a healthy blood pressure
because I am one for less so I'm one I'm
like 110 and then 57 so I'm actually
yeah actually healthy Thanks you're dead
that's great I always knew it - I was 68
so you are sorry 69 so you're like with
me Denny so you're healthy bro pleasure
nice
recognition things let's go places okay
I surprised
hey now that is how a strain strain
strain
pops oh yeah sausages oh wait you
reached out with on to breakfast that is
mighty strange no I did yeah you did
your small intestine looks like I'm just
strange
mr. muck Terrebonne large intestine
that's what removed that's a fight
and that's the Renova sliced so cuz you
always eat that's what's yours it look
like and because I always drink that's
what mine would look like
it goes in there all the way down
through all the things roll the Rings
rolling throw things and comes out at
the mouth to be a penis it's a bomb all
alright thank God for that yeah this
guy's got like a jet pack on his back
control button it just started wailing
around is that what this is truly for
science purposes please take a read
there you go there you go
if you're a male that's what you've got
between your legs this is a crazy way of
looking at the woman's body and if and
then pay attention
don't don't sliced his penis up like a
banana what do you know poor guy
you're not to me of sex mmm this guy's
face these guys were really enjoying
this way too much and she's terrified of
it absolutely you know she's in love
she's having fun
apparently this guy grew muscles to make
him a bit more
ie he didn't know what Keith first sawed
all right all right I knew this would be
here somewhere
18 weeks 19 weeks 23 weeks
I do actually what the hell whoa this is
the center go around
I might just be in the Lydia why is this
one got a socket lease what the others
don't
25 weeks 27 weeks
if at any point you ever feel you're not
important in life when your dad gone
done his business between 200 to 500
million sperm came out and you were the
one that one sperm bank happiness comes
first
happy pot of tea honey go WinRT what is
this for I'm not too sure what that's
all we came into this spa plus five
massage
we had a massage for six it's now helped
us seven and we still can lean in this
relaxing room
it's not even like running like a mega
can feel like better early visit we're
just a big you say usually over until
someone kicks us out basically okay so
this is a bit of a romantic surprise and
no I can take no credit for this
whatsoever
however walked into the hotel room and
what is this rose petals strawberries
and chocolate strawberries of white ice
cream don't know what kind of strawberry
that is I read this girl and I'm like
I'm like brilliant
hi there Thomas and Lydia welcome again
to hash tag to be react xxx oh that
means Amsterdam I was like oh God really
trying to get out please enjoy this wow
moment on earth and your time and stir
down have a wonderful stay best Griselda
Damian an arrestee that's awesome to be
you inside as well thank you very much
for that and I'm like oh look at that
got some romantic candles no candles I
didn't mean to say that Tom romantic
cute fruit Oh am i trying to say
fruits and that and then Olivia's like
Turner oh hello did you take a poop yep
thought so she's like turn around I turn
around there's a bottle of champagne
here you know this is ours pocket from
the night before but whatever look at
this go to a bottle of champagne
oh thank you w hotel that's very nice of
you we literally had times have a dance
by the time been put on hold I can't get
through to the concierge couldn't get
through to restaurant and then I there's
a button called whatever whenever so
click that as well oh there's a
restaurant in the hotel yeah we're gonna
find it you can put the phone down angry
oh it's one of those she didn't bring
any shoes on a night out with so what's
she wearing timberlands you can tell she
was born and raised in Manchester Kenya
I'm joking I'm wearing about trainers
which we really tried to go to like on
the first night I said he'll love go
inside Mitchell is Thai restaurants just
because they have like crazy food so we
tried to find a bunch of them but nearly
every single one we run was booked and
there's one with three stars here so I
will try and gets that what again I
think is fly booked so if yeah like
three weeks in advance it's booked so
we're gonna try the hotel restaurant
yeah which we never really did don't
really the restaurants here usually go
out
we did it Dubai as well i'm just basic
i'm clearly lying
so we'll try the restaurant here which
called mister poor which i don't have
it's poor a steakhouse but we're at the
chef's table I don't remember that and
be basically being like there's no way
to say it you have to be like tops in a
corner or it's like an experience where
it's like they cook in front of you so I
think so yeah mr. Porter guess now what
tracking is Aaron instead it's Paula
steakhouse that sounds like it that's
true I reckon it's a steak place could
be very wrong though I think I was I
think I was right I think I was right so
we did manage to find a place to eat
however the restaurants like fully
booked out apparently everyone's in
Amsterdam on this weekends or whatever
so rather than say the chef's table or
it's like a cooking experience it's just
way too hot so we took about we took we
took a seat at the back
actually so good but on the menu oh my
god they've got a selection of
everything and this place is obviously
gold say that's got mr. Porter if you
get the mr. Porter state it's $119 euros
for 1100 grams of me holy shit okay so
it made me a pretty bum ass what's it
called
smells good
that's good oh that's about to try it
spicy it's really good
got some fresh baked bread throws off
dough up whatever you wanna call it
whatever it is is amazing with something
put all my lowly move this out of the
way there's a plate of Parma ham it's
actually Iberia go ham
but still it's a plate of ham yes is it
I'm fried baby squid oh yeah it is whoa
pellet ripping throw away
Lydia's grandma and Luna just absolutely
kickin it next to it look out fashion
looks i said was new beds ease and I
said Tom said why is that posture doing
the categories brilliantly well we
finished our stats we finished a dream I
finish my next cocktail we've been given
the world's most awesome steak knife
ever pretty damn cool but
don't mistake
I cry I cry I
what do you think nice one hour later
between our stars and I main course we
finally got the food
and this ribeye looks good it'd take me
like two hours to finish this dish why
we did it you know what it was very nice
my love potion cocktail also very nice
and I can definitely tell you Oscar
Scott fell in love but you took the
cheese and went with it so okay bye now
goodbye hotel absolutely brimming this
is a fine leafy place to be on tonight
now holy shit we only checked in here
and then went for dinner and that was my
look at it fireplaces booming we're
tired we just live like 12 hours 12
hours 12 12 hours also I pulled down the
blinds and lo and behold it got stopped
by a wineglass so somehow it did its
match shout out to the wine glass or
importantly what the hell are you doing
there but it is this vlog thank you very
much you watch it
hey Cheerilee like great hopefully
tomorrow's look beat today we're gonna
go ahead I'll boat cruise we're gonna go
to a sex Museum and we're gonna go to a
big place where everyone eats food
that's pretty much that's pretty much
the summary of Amsterdam you go to like
a museum you travel around by somehow a
method and you eat food somehow a method
they usually loaded for the rest of day
so I keep watching I'm starving I think
she leave a like rating subscribe ding
dong another occasion pal and I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
daily vlog and as always it's all the
holes
