oh I feel like my days falling apart
right now so I won't cook stupid tonight
and I was like okay we're gonna go and
get the pop figures that I got from
everyone my absolutely mad amounts of
pop figures from I 58 get them take them
back to the house and try to show them
all off that was the plan so I went and
got ice cream and what I got my looks
like a plaque one should go and spend
the day room Alice and my mom and I
realized that they've they've already
finished work so now I'm basically with
the outside to work like fuck no one's
even here what do I do and then I found
out I was in college in summer driving
for a coffee for what sucks my ice cream
melted look that's pretty good park if
you ask me anyway we've made it to
village hotels health and fitness where
Alice and Cal should be in here and I'm
tempted to just throw my sad depressed I
scream at them immediately it's just you
know what no one put it in the bin they
don't they don't need to see this in
life this is like a starving gerbil the
starving gerbil was my reference to it
being sad and I don't know if you pick
up on up it's been a week since I've
seen you I feel depressed I feel like
I've never seen you before in my life
everything so excited I'm gonna see you
Heather look you can I love you always
what could a twist-off fans oh the
feeling is well fancy like there's a gym
here there's a hotel there I think
there's a hotel plus a fucking Starbucks
look at this thing he ate a fool man I'm
coming in more often but I have a
problem I'm all out of hot chocolate
Alice how many pop figures have we got
anyone wait really
Whaley are you lying to me I don't
command you oh she's kidding
you won't for pay that quick oh we're
gonna get okay I bet yeah okay try that
one again
definitely so Allison Carr we're gonna
go to the gym I joined them for a hot
chocolate basically fucked up them plans
we're now gonna go get the pop figures
cuz Cal's on a business call and then
when we get back we're going fernando's
I really did a good job of eyeballs up
your day dinner
ah sorry Alice it's not your fucking
bedroom why is it so fucking messy Oh Oh
the stuff we get from the show is so
good like if it which one oh yeah hey
how good is that I'm pretty sure I put
him in the vlog for this but at Oh wit
with two eyes from the score I oh let
legend make proper proper legend
oh my pop figures lose this tune stop
wait what superhero miniseries who like
me now the White House I'm sorry
it's a harambe mug remember so much
stuff in ER this is ridiculous what to
say I did 10% vows and then to syndicate
okay I'm pretty sure this was like the
drinks on you yeah interesting wait
there's another one oh my god there's a
mist pack but what what okay what I'm
struggling get anything oh my god
there's just so many Oh everyone keeps
asking me about wait Alice where are
they where's the where's the limited
edition responds I'm looking around the
office and don't see them I'm looking
for a very nice wrist bad to show the
audience boom boom boom because uh-oh
this one does I have other side when we
went to I 58 we sawed the limit Edition
wristbands and the ones that we had for
that we sold out but we're going back to
egx
and there we have more limited issue
wristbands so we only sell these at
events because it's now same cause of
the two so if you got when I say yeah
yeah eject so if you guys are going to
egx there's a date says details that's
where you get your tickets go get a
ticket and you can meet my face that on
this picture looks really good but in
real life wait what have you got it hit
show me
we'll have that in white at the event Oh
Shi what are you showing me woman you
show me what is going on so much swag
ridiculous Oh another box
oh yeah boxes over and loads of swag and
we've got no there's no where there's
another one
that looks painful authoress oh my Epis
so many pop figures holy - there it is
I'm sure that I'm sure this guy told me
there's there was like a secret way to
do something with this I'm not too sure
what he would talk about bull I'm gonna
put it with the other one I'm almost not
I'm sent sure this is the same guy I'm
pretty I'm pretty sure of it but is his
name on the back yeah Brian I'll Byron
Brian let's not call Brad Byron he
hasn't guy's name this one but I'm
pretty sure this is the same guy who
gave it me look how dope they are so
sick it's just outrageous how many there
actually is this is just nuts but I can
definitely say right now I can already
spot - but have the same on so I think
we have this one already the Emmett
Brown and I'm pretty sure if we have
this one already as well so don't forget
these are the ones that are going to
auction off so it helped for raising
money for Alec and then Alex turns I'm
done I just do not have enough room Alex
turns up with yet another box for any of
these similar like duplicates I don't at
Nemo thank you oh my gosh AJ thank you
oh my gosh I don't think anything is a
duplicate just yet unless I can see any
of the same ones I don't think so is
this some sort of joke you're joking
real oh I had no idea the scale of how
many we've got okay so more all right
this one I don't have that one of Darryl
I do have one of these but it's not that
one so none of them do let's accept this
so that's one should look it they're all
these I don't think I have I'm pretty
sure this is the one in the suit which I
don't have but we do have more than one
of these already so that's not a
duplicate so out of all these so far
only three are duplicates which means we
will have even more money raised for
charity this is so crazy a couple
there is Oh Kido cajones that's a box
for that's a box for this is a boxful
that's my box and yeah these are all the
other pop figures oh my days this is
just this is just bloody ridiculous oh
shit the war has begun Karl ordered a
homeless dick wouldn't share it with
Alice Alice got mad cal then threatened
to put the parry drink in my dream
excited for God and even deserve to be
involved in this war Karl then didn't
let revenue so Alice put cherry saw
cherry sauce chilli sauce in cows drink
and I grasped her up because he's trying
to take a shit on your pillow well I'm
trying to encourage him to do so
don't return my Android Oh drop of
cheeky pull up the cheeky nandos man
that looks so well-cooked why I'm
actually so happy without running out on
point where town is that sweet potato is
that sweet potato tater damn Madison
sweet potato tater this looks very nice
over hey thank you very much for dinner
you know I paid for it but you know
whatever Jeff oh no no it's Katie was
good even though I'm glad you guys got
past the point of hating each other
well fucking factually gonna push you
into the wimmer but it was good to see
it what does it really smell
I've not breathe through my nose it
smells like it smells like shit so you
get that used to that eliska's gonna
point Oh sounds like mad wit man with
because it's true no don't don't send me
a thanks D I'm son I just made it to the
last millisecond of the Sun going down
you could literally see like a head like
pin of the Sun going down but look at
you I beat there was beautiful but man
it's good to be home here we have it
before ladies and gentlemen got an
entire road done here we're gonna add
some additional ones over here as to why
there's board games Donnie I'm not too
sure so they need to come off the shelf
but I'm going to add all the rest onto
the shelf and see how many we have I
would like to get some sticky stuff and
glue them to this one and this one and
actually just fill the entire thing
because like when guests come around to
my house like this is a really cool
thing to look at like you can guess what
film it's from and everyone's like oh
you should have kept in the box or
people grew so I've got the hiccups so
people could read which one it was from
blah blah blah I like the idea of people
not being able to know which ones from
which and oh my god I completely forgot
the fan from New York gave me this is
how you efficiently get all your boxes
out your car to put on the shelf so
there's the door and there's the shelf
opened up the white like this is the
point the Bible goes so you can just
open them up and like have a big pot and
stuff open them up get them out thrown
straight on the shelf so let's begin
this huge process update so far these
like the individual ones where people
didn't bring them in the boxes so I'm
assuming like these ones that people
already had in the past
I'm gonna keep my shelf of duplicates
might be in this top one just for now
but remember like well that's not a lot
well yeah I'm stacking
this is just ridiculous do you like them
psychic they're over here that was fun
enough just getting them out the car and
putting them inside to make a while I
was like make a wall out of them
I could probably like get them as high
as the ceiling if I stack them like
maybe like four why but right let's you
okay I'm gonna count how many there
there's 72 there's 72 pop figures just
there in the boxes alone then there's
these so 72 this is just for my 58 so 72
so it's recently forced my 5 7 6 & 7 7 8
79 80 I just struggled math 81 82 83 84
84 King 4 I said I wanted to grow a
collections I didn't know what to do
with these shelves you guys were not
messing around
thank you so much they're not exactly
gonna get damaged so I really want to
remove the bottom one just to watch them
all fall down so let's try it let's try
and set this up when use Deadpool over
here and I'm going to remove the bottom
one to make them all fall that way it
should just be like a thumbnail for
tomorrow's vlog like this like so forth
of negative cause I'm like whoa some
Apple use as it's on there it's any good
right in 3 2 1
shoot wasn't as epic Towers effect in
volt let's get the show on the road I'm
going to remove them all from the
packaging and then I might just for
looks put them on these internal shelves
just for now I know I'll have to move
them but there is that many like what
you say that's 70 and then I've got 85
to add so I can fill just that I think
I'm so bad what we might do is put the
individual ones I think it's absolutely
Tuesday we've got 72 on that side so
it's you on that side and then collect
the big ones and then tack down their
feet onto this and then we can just do
big ones in the internal one only or if
you guys got any other suggestions of
things I could collect put in the middle
we can put them there so like this is
like the coolest near the shelf ever I
do want to I do want to stick these down
like pretty firmly I might get a slate
to attach into there like an external
piece of wood or like a plastic bottom
stick it into it like slide it inside
out and then allow me to attach the feet
of them to it because
say if I've got a drunk friend come over
there like who else are there Oh
that felled the pine I was trying to
show if a drunk person comes over is
like oh I thought I'll just knock them
all over so I really don't want that
happening I want to all stand up and
look amazing came in here to read a
letter which wants to be read on camera
this is the predator pop vinyl but I
gotta believe ya I'm right in saying so
yeah Jake 7 listen he wants me to read
this on camera so I will do Jake thank
you for let me do this man a lot of
people like it like want to keep it off
but I will do so get ready for Toms bad
bad English right high readings girls
hello my name is Jake I have quite a bit
to say so hope you can help me a lot it
was nice meeting you insomnia 58 anyway
let me get into my story my name's Jake
I said I'm 15 in 2011 and 2012 I was
diagnosed with a disease called sha sha
comma Y tooth all CMT for short is
basically a causative motoneurons
disease which at the time I was fairly
young so I wasn't bothered and just
drawing life I've now grown up and
understand more about it and what it
could happen to in the late years oh it
sucks this is probably it really sad
that my English is going to ruin the
story so I'm sorry
basically they hit me like a truck and
caused me to shut down I've been out at
school since September 2015 and hoping
to get him back for my final year at
school
I've been out due to anxiety depression
as my life is getting harder and harder
every day fuck it didn't say the fuck
that's just me get emotional it was a
large hurdle to get here today and see
you but bar needs come as I've wanted to
give you this predator pop vinyl and I
hope to want to see in one of your vlogs
boom
they go Jay in see it in one of your
vlogs speaking about your vlogs been
watching them since day one and I can
swear to that never missed a single one
I found YouTube through your zombies
gameplay especially your one one five
rounds video post on post four years ago
so now I have around since the start
like most people say but I could have I
would have you start daily vloggers
really help me a lot you might be
thinking why and the answer is that see
you go outside doing amazing things your
life really motivates me to do to the
same so thank you for all you do for me
and the rest of your funds we appreciate
that the letter is now coming to a close
so I'd like to say I love you
thank you your sister Lee Jake PS it
would help me so much you can read this
on camera
nailed it Jake there you go it did take
me a bit of quite quite a bit of time to
read the store because I'm terrible at
reading English but nonetheless I did do
it Jake so thank you very much for your
letter man
I keep every single letter I ever
receive off anyone and AD it's like a
big collection so like when I'm older
and just like sat there reading through
them I can look back and just look at it
ah but I'm sorry about your disease bro
I really shoot things in life into say
it's really it's like motor neuron
disease
just suck so always stay positive I hope
you enjoy the vlogs and your little bad
boy is now going on the shelf TJ
Ferguson thank you very much dollar man
I really appreciate it and the pop vinyl
good man Thank You Emma
thank you very much I appreciate the
Shrek you've been trapped I've only
managed to open this many so far I'm
trying my best to get through them all
there's a lack like there's a lot look
how cool this is
it's the Breaking Bad Crystal shit sorry
Piper I know have the Geo Thank You MJ
thank you for mrs. pacman okay I managed
to unbox them all there are all the
empty boxes I tried to do it smart and
organize them properly into box to like
throw them away that's them these I
believe now a duplicate some of them are
from people so again I really really
appreciate everyone hooked me up like if
we go over here we got Carrie Carrie
thank you very much and then who's this
chronic Tom thank you for Myles Brooklyn
miles Bach thank you very much so I
appreciate you because these ones will
be auctioned off for try because we
actually already have these wings can we
can we stop the music please
you stabbed that yeah there we go all
right listen gentlemen here it is this
is the collection as it stands so far
and I've been trying my best to sort
them out into particular kind of audit
you'll notice mistakes I'm sure this is
why I'm trying so these are my duplicate
along with these bad boys over here
duplicates again but here is the other
side of this shelf I decided to throw
some big ones on here because this dog
doesn't get opened as much so most
likely not going to get opened but these
are the shelves that have like part
together it was hard because some of
them I don't know what the from like I
should read the box like this one I'm
pretty sure as the Suttons Creed
syndicate that one in the background I'm
not exactly too sure like this one not
too sure like you know like corner not
too
so it's difficult to pair them together
as to like what goes where but this had
the shot like I was like a doctor about
that but these are the selections I
should quote dr. Robert should actually
go up there I'm not sure with that but
that's the bottom shelf that there you
go we got the two pack em in the corner
I like I like mix them in pairs together
slide you got the two pack a pacman and
mrs. pacman then you got all the Game of
Thrones characters and then two
Ghostbuster guys I've then got the
entire Deadpool squad in my bio the two
red ones but actually they're different
red ones and then you've got like some
fallout characters over here and then
you've got like a V for Vendetta then
you've got like the happiest collection
I would like to say but from these two
evil motherfuckers on the front but yeah
like you got shrek she got frozen your
pac-man like actually yeah well that
should go with the puck one down there I
think white thing about that there we go
it makes this shelf look a little bit
neater nyeh cooking at night at night of
nicely because it was a bit too compact
to try to fit so many and so I'll try
and space that out a little bit but now
this has become the game of room because
we got the Game of Thrones
we got the pac-man and then we've got
like a mix-up actually that's a really
good combination right there Game of
Thrones one two three four five six and
in the chair then you've got
ghostbusters because the ghosts and then
you got the pac-man oh no I can't get
this one to stand this one she keeps
falling over again like a fun shelf of
like bright-colored like small
individual ones that's cool and then up
here I kind of put most of warriors I
could find so you got Skyrim you got
predator you've got Vikings at the back
of it you've got a lot of rings guy
you've got a world of warcraft over here
you can't really see that car but at the
same time the ones that aren't really
colourful and pop sort of thing but can
you just do me favor increases like not
far-fetched
Oh it'll be like five minutes to bend
her feet to get them stay still but uh
looks a bit better organized now and I
Pro I pulled the road open
wait what that's completely wrong it's
actually though it's over 9000 I'm
assuming why I got that completely wrong
Oh for fuck's sake Oh what bitch I'm
adding you to the collector's part we're
auctioning you off you could not stay on
this shelf if you're just going to keep
following like a drunk fast hey ya have
it I've got a full shelf on this side
and then mid-shelf I put all the Harry
Potter guys up here because there's a
frickin Harry Potter train and it comes
with a Harry Potter whereas like got his
clothes on like yo mate I'm a civilian
but then we got wizard Harry Potter Ron
dumbull con
and then we've got Hoshi car Darby who
got Darby as well the big monsters the
breaking bad guys this is the same
character I didn't even know this was
Jessie this might not even be Jessie but
apparently is because in this hand he's
got I'm assuming even money oh yeah
money he's got money in the Sun and then
in this one he's got like money as well
but he's wearing different clothes so
it's two different ones so it's not
clutch it's not duplicate then we got
Heisenberg and highs and barrel which is
pretty cool and then yep duplicates and
then I tried my best to keep the scale
light so I've got the Batman ones
together up here which is a pretty damn
cool I think is two more of these I need
to collect then we got the Back to the
Future 2 of overwatch Star Wars I think
I did a good job keep it on style let's
go this looks pretty pretty cool then
we've got a combination of The Walking
Dead so this is all the walking down the
back then we've got arrow the flash like
Deathstroke then we've got Superman I'm
pretty sure they're the same universe I
fucking hope so otherwise my comment
section is going to kill me so once
again a massive massive massive thank
you to everyone who came to the events
and hooked me up with them if anyone
like I don't ask them I don't I'm not
asking you guys to semmen them it's just
people who brought them as a gift
because they saw the collection and this
other was facing like every new that's
like via collection I saw you like
collecting them sort of things so if I
said collection one more time you might
figure that it's for the collection but
nonetheless I really really appreciate
games thank you so much let's turn this
up and say good night to the wall but
you got to be kidding me you got to be
kidding me I completely forgot that my
dad moved some of the collectors pop
figures upstairs to my room there's even
more
I got bobba fett I got bloody bumblebee
I don't say check and finish somewhere
that another Harry Potter another Joker
which I don't think actually had on the
collection downstairs and I don't think
them to actually pop figures and Darth
Maul with a floppy laser beam I forgot
to end yesterday's vlog oh I'll do it
now it's a beautiful day in England I
need to go out and today is the day for
called UDL sweetie month so yeah
everybody if you're gonna be watching
this vlog right now I'm very pretty much
streaming all day playing the brand-new
called UDL safe so if you
to be there and if you're streaming on
YouTube because I need the videos to
turn into vo DS and go like why the hell
did you just get even hurt here when I
cleaned you I don't understand what just
happened there but nonetheless make sure
to check it out I'll see you guys there
thank you very much for watching if you
did enjoy this long ass walk if it
almost like the floats your 2-shot well
guess what the back with one so
basically that like rain subscribe if we
can hit three like ratings oh my god you
don't even know what I'm going to do so
until tomorrow thanks for watching and
adios dudes and dudettes yes
