man I absolutely love this hotel to
pieces like it's super modern it's super
nice boy I tell you something this smell
in the hotel like the air freshener that
goes around it literally knocks me sick
the fog around like I hold my breath
like when I'm walking through the
hallways and we're back at the cafe once
again Valerie's what we read today
except following this breakfast lost our
news okay
is there anything that shakes my fancy
sausage toasted egg breakfast complete
yet I'm feeling very very full actually
woman mr. Jake our venture to the a nice
day it's a little bit nippy out today oh
it's also like music I will head this
way and see what I can find
oh my god I just bumped into this guy
and look at me pew Besant has fought
well let's make this more impressive
here's me now and here's this dude
taller shit what is this me you have
changed just a little bit there good to
see you again
okay this may be the coolest thing I
have ever seen a gaming event yeah I've
made it I'm as always no one's here and
then they're like 3 2 1 3 2 1 and we
start letting people in yeah
oh wait why's a guy with a hospice
fucking right homie hey from Wales
prophetess I'm gonna open it now so I
don't know what's inside it hopefully it
does not go
what I don't
oh it's a syndicate original color
very good minute what are you doing are
you going no emotions and fields I love
you see wall see I'll see you in the
year so this is Alex pleasure to see you
again sorry just randomly throwing you
in the vlog ball this is a syndicate
shirt that we met 2014 ejects sign it
signed it the next year and signed it
this year see you in 2017 okay this is
not negotiable
stop blowing my sister Bain you might be
six foot five but I love you offline I
love you off Deadpool keep it in your
pants keep it good good take must take
my strong head
bulgy pockets
40 buckets of super rules just to me
yeah okay this this makes sense I'm not
doing me ups ever again if people are
gonna bring me god dumb frozen hearts
that one I already signed in 2015 and
I've signed again in 2016 so you guys
are just busted all of you and you
brought this got them all off pill not
negotiable we're getting towards the end
of the queue now you got the back people
here just showing it by the last final
thing what are you doing down there with
an optic gaming jumper on don't think I
didn't notice that but we just got here
I just got this keep calm and watch the
syndicate project Dillon thank you very
much for that man I really appreciate
you move this one you're a good dude and
I'm gonna keep that and add it to my
part and I'll read your letter when I
get home all right
that's what listen you just cuz you've
been running people all day in that
wheelchair and you've been driving him
so it's basically your fault as well and
you've got an iPhone 7 do you really
want me to sign it you sure it's no
going back
all right ready to dropping Deena see
like yeah
it kinda doesn't stick
it's water-resistant
oh the tornado is struck and today hey
why are you so Brown so what are you
doing why you surround just having me
off Kenan no not fair
walking to go get food now and I bump
into this guy so we made to last you I'm
like did we really and then he showed me
his phone case yeah we did another day
another teaser sad this is actually one
of the best things that ever eaten is
like a lunch so even though it's 5
o'clock I'm havin another one so when I
was at another gaming event this guy
asked me to sign his forehead and if you
have a look at his face quite carefully
it's him so you want me to sign your
forehead again this is becoming
tradition
where's what do to be polite make your
bow you know all this up
Wow check it out
nearly at the end of the day and Syd's
just rolled up sit thank you very much
and he's given me these to add to the
collection oh my god dude we've got like
bags fall down here and we've got even
more SID
Facebook mate thank you very much but I
see you're rocking this indicate
original wristband as well you're cool
that and you guys are totally in the
vlog now so there you go
and apparently there's some chefs in the
background not too sure what's going on
there we've got the man behind the mask
areas and look at all these awesome
other people and this guy's the reason
why I'm filming this in the first place
is because he said he wanted to be in
the vlog
there you go I'm throwing you in with us
we don't even know who he is he's not
even their friend just throwing you
under the bus they walk along with this
guy wearing heel is and he's like can i
play some music and I'm like why not
just wear headphones basically but then
you place the obvious speaker and it's
more be poor soil cover I strike cool
and egx day three kicking back with a
bit done cheers muffin get your beer get
your beer a little bit of a clean fun
chin chin chin whatever knows what have
a quick beer before valve for a meal
apparently it's like an end-of-day
tradition out of a baby core gobbler
yeah really really good day how ya feel
chill out relax and just one more day to
go so I get another day of meeting all
you guys are just gonna be awesome and
then going home
alright this is story line of events I'm
in TJ buddies right now and Bowie is sat
right behind me behind a glass wall he
doesn't know I'm here so I've given his
number to my dad he's over here
and we're gonna bring game and be like
we know where you are we know where you
live we're gonna get you and see what
his reaction so I'm gonna film him now
here dad you got a witness that you got
witness
can you hear me
this is a
Thunder no way male
and right now yeah and uh no way
right now right now the bottom line is
go back to your mate and sit down
no just go back to your mate and sit
down I can see this Fedor I'm on
security camera here what do you know
just go back to mate and I'll tell you
this
you know day one telling you go back and
sit down we're late
no I'm gonna tell I want you're not
gonna find out what's going on until
you're going to sit down you mate I'm
gonna hang up in it
listen fuckin super CCTV
I feel bad I feel bad listen mate all I
want you I'm asking you to go back and
sit down with your mate and then they'll
tell you and your friends are full
stores you need to sit with your friends
you can hear me now got ya right we want
3 some boosters
because it's syndicate his syndicates
done I want three sambucus right now on
the bar are you gonna smile I don't
think he knows
it's over I'm sorry
you know ideas a prank call alone why
news a prank call it done nothing wrong
it wasn't me was my look what did you
tell him it was this guy it was all this
guy yes mystery from bukas by the way so
I have to deal with when I go to a game
in the bank can alright what you saying
I'm down I'm down filming only lobby
putting salt on hey little worm to dupe
I trust you dad this is a trust test
alright dad
that's put your head down no no that is
a trust test I don't think I ever want
to make again in my life that I love you
too Mises boom yeah no no no gotta be
honest right now we finally finally got
food we got Atlas is freezing cold right
now so she's waiting for our food don't
see you know south why are you sullen
it's late and he doesn't want anything
too every which is smart because I got
chicken and shrimp and I am so cool oh
my god this guy how much how many
calories joy container chocolate cake
300 well that's your limit gone he's
going feel my outro I'm sure everyone
appreciate seeing yet and let's hope he
gets on safe we'll find out in
tomorrow's blog I just can't take I
cannot take right always thoughts on as
well this hotel is it way not too close
it's way too boring riot potent oh man
it's such a great night hanging out with
Botti Benny and the rest of the crew and
Rupert who owns your game the whole like
ejects all about he's the guy who owns
it so it was a pleasure to hanging out
with everyone tonight like it was so
good just like catch up I didn't film
anybody frog in of it cuz we're like
we're in a bar she was like it was just
nice to like not vlog just switch off
and just enjoy the moments like I could
have film so many funny moments but it's
just like it would ruin the atmosphere
so it was great
I enjoyed it I have an absolutely
awesome day today and I could not wait
for tomorrow to be even more of your
faces even though the look tight as fuck
because realistically I am tireless fuck
this has been exhausting this trip has
honestly been absolutely exhausted I
don't think I've ever been so tired a
meet-and-greet in my life not from
drinking up or anything like you guys
have seen me going to better like 10
o'clock at night this trip so it is what
it is what I'm going to bed but I
noticed a small tub of Frappuccino and I
have no idea what it's doing here
tradition continues ending this vlog
tomorrow because it is now 6:45 and I
have 50 minutes
we'll see as many people as I can before
the event closes it's been absolutely
mannequin Eurogamer incident it's been a
blast four days of meet and greets man
four days of meeting groups it's been
insane like seven hours about me ups
every single day just knots if you went
to the event it was so good to meet you
guys
and it just honestly is an honor to be
able to do this as a job like I can
express how much I love you guys so
until tomorrow's vlog makes you leave a
like friend subscribe and I'll see you
guys at 6 p.m. for the next vlog and the
reason why this blog was late is because
I was I was dedicating the time rather
than editing the vlog and uploading it
to see the funds in person so there you
go I'm sorry bye and by that I mean I'll
catch you guys later
adios
