oh my gosh there's a lot of alcohol to
wake up to don't worry it's not mine
we'll go into the pool it's a new dawn
of days and the reason why I'm awake so
late in the day I didn't tell you what
time it is it is currently 2 p.m. is
because we were out at the doctor's with
the sea urchin incident till like 5:00
a.m. pretty much better trouble like
half an hour way to a private doctors
and and all the way back here so it was
just like cows cows Cashbook back at the
hotel for another day of relaxing and
chilling if the hotels are jet ski I
made you throw newzik it is a spot I'm
skiing English I feel like doing with a
massage time to jump in the hot tub for
a bit not is it called is it called just
overlooking the beautiful view of jet
skis boats and bitches I'm sure I really
need to work out where I pay for this
things you're gonna do the jet skiing
and flying around and I don't see it
anyway you know what Luke you don't want
to do I want to go straight down there I
have literally been up on that rooftop
all day since one o'clock it's not like
7:00 I was supposed to go jet skiing on
boats do that like Jeff what a board
thing and I just didn't and just instead
of that I said but look at it so much
work this places we might need a copy
affordable not exactly a voting
professional but I'm just gonna kind of
assume it's kind of broke how much would
it be for me to rent a boat like this
like a tiny house a little boat with a
cute little engine passenger seat Luke
if I feel like invited him and just to
go off on my own like yeah probably
crash it bought realistically maybe 100
euros a day 200 not be worth it tomorrow
if not we're doing quad biking and I am
committing to doing that body floaties
what a thing trust me it's gonna happen
actually I take back what I said about
that boat I want that one instead but
then I take that back instead I want
this one instead oh my
look how new that thing looks it's like
a fuckin transformer water is so wrong
oh my gosh of I missed out on this all
day I should become this is actually
hotter than the pool what ah that's what
it's called a full eye board what one
person 15-minute 80 euros holy shit and
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna have to do it
properly and do it for an hour jet skis
15 minutes 60 euros well yeah
it's really expensive to be honest
anything else
no if a jet skis I didn't see anything
for any little boats or a fly boy I
never ever ever what I thought it was
called a fly board that I just would not
put that name on it but you know what I
would really really like to do it this
is like almost like the nightclub next
to our hotel it's really really fancy
look at these get a four-poster fucking
bed I wonder what goes down in there and
even get a beachside massage yo free the
nipple oh my god it has to be done I'm
going taking a photo of this fucking
Ferrari
oh hello sir oh my god that is
absolutely beautiful
oh wait what the hell walk into the
front of it you must say these oh yeah
if I had to choose out of one of the two
that one definitely it's like kick your
back listen it's like the music that's
playing I'm just sewing now edit my blog
throughout the day and all of a sudden I
just hear this like amazing music moby
porcelain turn on because that's the
same DJ from last night who's wearing
the silicon shirt so gonna hook like a
bunch of syndicate swag from to wear it
like sets and stuff on actually travels
all around DJ's like a really nice guy
and then what first he was like how you
doing I was like good eyes like moby
porcelain my plus for my ten minutes
come by I'm chilling out boom my we
Boston Oh totally forgot I even give you
guys a room tour yet of the hotel so
let's do it
so welcome to the humble abode this is
my bedroom it is kind of a tip right now
so just got the shower
it was perfectly clean from room service
but yeah I kind of get karey bed lay out
the bed look at this to give you free
chocolates or does it say me by me it
says there all right given out by a
person or objects as much part of them
as their flesh pushing fruit okay but
this is the hotel super super fancy when
you go over to this fridge you don't
just have standard a shit look at this
we have got damn champagne
we have sparkling pink champagne as well
we got fellas we got waters we got a
safe we got we've got good damn jelly
babies up in here I've already eaten a
bank Christmas just for the record
salting we got British tea the bottles
of water this they're made out of glass
so that's pretty damn interesting
obviously got all your shots in your
alcohol and all that sort of stuff I
guess you get a free fucking hat I'm
assuming you also have to buy this so I
just leave that behind it and totally
wear it tomorrow and yeah this is the
hotel it's stupidly comfy the bed is
absolutely incredible and probably the
weirdest feature of this hotel look gosh
you're looking mighty damn fine big ass
this random toilet over here if that's a
bet right now a 10 just like on its own
straight away I probably give it an
eight point five really small but really
really nice and the view out the front
is really cool as well but we're gonna
go over here and I'll show you this look
sexy lights away all off
sexy light oh wow wow we was then nice
it's got like built-in white interview I
don't know what happens to oh look at
that
mood lighting you can see inside the
shower yeah I guess this is the hope I'm
pretty sure this is a sex hotel I've
decided because one is really nice
offense which is Deadpool through
champagne over there there's chocolates
there's chocolates on the goddamn bed
and there's sexy time lighting not bad
what is this we have to cook the steak
ourselves no it's already cooked okay
but I gave Evan a challenge to pick us
all a cocktail each and this is what I
got so we're gonna see what the hell is
going down I guess that's like a Moscow
Mule that looks like something out of a
drink that looks like the pants of
champagne so Evan which one's mine you
gonna pick me one which one's mine
literally just said it looks like sicken
of all oh let's be fair it might be nice
I'm gonna try
oh that's strong Jesus Christ all right
now I'm gonna try this fucking it smells
nothing now for this one smells what is
this oh just Serrano that's it yeah okay
last but not least oh my god that is
minty off the tip Jesus we made it out
on the streets this alarms going off
we're we made it to Old Town because
that's an old wall that's the only way I
know where we are but we're going out
trying to find some places to go for
food and drinks is such a pretty goddamn
cook to be honest whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa holy tits on a pancake
this guy's parking is impeccable so this
is the cow that with you nearly lost a
fucking door - but this oh he's right up
in there like the back of his car is
raised from hitting you oh you've gotta
get out oh yeah I didn't even think
about I didn't even think about you
getting out the space I'm just more
impressed that this guy got all up in
the booty damn damn 99 67h JD you got
right up in their grill yeah that guy
totally crushed into a car but didn't
give a fuck
oh well good tougher said I know that
looks even better with the lights on
oh oh oh oh oh gasps is that is a
coochie all right
Pasha I beat that
I've nailed it and I walked in the first
thing you see is this a girl in a
cocktail glass dancing awakening then
ice
special of an election I beat on my own
now everyone else is gone that Evan as I
noosed has vanished off to LA so is Luke
me Luke we're gonna go to Rome but you
couldn't change it right so I'm here
flying out back to England
at 6:00 p.m. so all they have Justin
Sacher I'm at the pool enjoying myself
so that's pretty much everything but
last night was amazing the one thing
that sucked is I've been side here
editing the video and I know is that the
night where the DJ booth was behind it
it was like topless women we've liked
not nipple tassels like nothing there
it's like she can't even use half this
voyage a lot like most of its flying
it's just like it's fine and it's like
it's just the nipple like hashtag for
even if I'm sure like joking we said
that like I've walked two days ago but
it's just like it's crazy thing not like
people would get upset about that so
unfortunately you guys don't get to
enjoy the entirety of the rave a might
post it on Twitter but then I probably
get mad from Twitter so that kind of
sucks as well but nonetheless I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog if it did make
you leave a like for in subscribe I'll
be back in England tomorrow which means
I will be back with the family
I'm allowed to be cool I'm looking
forward to hang it out with ours cuz we
will spend some time with each other
because she's my big sis and I miss
which pieces and yes we'd be good fun so
until then thanks watching and I do
