oh my god oh my god Luke I know it's
totally the next day but guess what
guess what what it's my six year on
youtube today when this video goes live
it's it's it's my birthday can I have
cake yeah we have fruit I don't like any
of that worst birthday no job it is
actually my sixth birthday on YouTube on
the syndicate project so happy birthday
to me
I only upload every like once every
month to that channel yeah I should
really change that another day in
paradise over here and before we start
today's vlog this is actually me the
next day as you guys know I'm amazing at
intro and outro in these videos I'm
reminding you guys I'm gonna be at
legends of gaming live if you guys seen
I'm going to a bunch of gaming events
over the UK and I'm going to legends of
gaming life on the 11th of September I
don't want to see your faces there if
you want to get a ticket put a link down
inscription you get all the details and
information on your faces right there so
if you're gonna go I'll see you there
it's gonna be awesome
bringing the hype and let's try and see
if we can kick Ali A's ass once again oh
it's the morning after the night before
and oh my gosh was yesterday on the best
days of my life if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog please go watch I'll
put link in description it was
absolutely incredible this moment in
time we have woke it up and we are in
the hotel oh by the way there's no wide
angle because I lost the lens of my
camera so it's kind of like mashed
potato mode we're here at the pool look
at this it's like just like you can skim
across it's a gorgeous beautiful views
in the background your Sun beautiful
people beautiful Luke Oh beautiful food
oh my gosh what more to just fall I am
literally in paradise right now just
look at this place
absolutely in
at the drinks look at this Russian king
crab delivered on a plate as a plate
I mean slate of which by the way I don't
actually smoke that not interested in
cigarettes are smoking at all but we're
good to take a walk over here to the
grassy merged session by the speakers
are playing the finest of music oh my
god beautiful you think I'm assuming I
found a hot tub that is cold
what the fuck the science behind this
makes no sense but I thought it wouldn't
haha this is where I dropped my phone
lose it okay back at the same spot but
oh my gosh this place just gets better
and better as every minute of the day
goes on it gets more and more beautiful
like this is literally where I want to
spend the rest of my life no that sounds
so odd
like I love LA I love traveling a little
that's not stuff but here here is what I
want to be you too nice
sunsets with in crab oh my god beautiful
before as a snack version now I got the
Dani version wah-wah-wah-wah what is
this spotlight Jen Jen hit us up with a
spotlight wait for jet hit with the
spotlight oh shit what up so I was like
gonna vlog gonna be like this what we're
doing right now I'm not in bed I'm
literally like covered in a towel and a
beach that to me stop exposing me right
I'm naked I'm joking I have has been
shot son
put a nipple there but nonetheless
gendered in my veins of Cameron woman
thank you very much Jen
we appreciate you your spy your loyal
but we spent all day downstairs like by
the pool like all we've done today and
now we're upstairs with the pool here
relaxing and enjoying it some more so
yes Cheers of a glass of champagne and
the DJ is varying a syndicate sure
they're nice may have clicked today's
vlog being like oh that's a pretty shot
Tommy is everything okay and everything
is absolutely great the reason why I
just didn't vlog much yesterday is
because I didn't do much at all it
literally just some babes all day and
just rested which is what I did
yesterday
it's what I'm doing today as well like
so I apologize if people like oh man I
wanted to go do some crazy epic shit
I've just been so busy with the gaming
events and traveling and all this sort
of stuff and I'm hangovers yesterday
after that club session it was pretty
intense but like today no drinking just
relaxing and just doing more like
catching up on energy because it has
taken it however in the past few days
bored with out a doubt love to try and
get another boat today maybe a jet ski
downstairs at like the hotel like watch
on it real
sure you can get it just like her not
watch was it called the hotel dog so
they might have know that we could even
one rent out or to just like go on a jet
ski or something which oh god I need to
do that I need to do that all he's
talked about it I'm pretty sure that is
attached to the hotel
so tomorrow
