that in the new day of the new vlog and
that is the busiest I've ever seen and a
head butt lounge in my life I would not
be a sane human being if I walk past
these and didn't get one alright okay
1:52 looks empty
Oh God oh no that's 153 sorry for my
eyesight it's terrible
okay now I'm in a predicament I do have
cupcakes there's a huge line and there's
a Pinkberry yes perfect decision
absolutely perfect fucking decision I'm
most likely gonna drop it or miss my
flight now because of that oh my days
that is a big ass we're upstairs I think
I got ready to premium economy he Nets
pretty you think is there like when I'm
a business class I can like vlog the
entire things I'm setting my own little
cubicle and I'm not disturbing anyone
but when I mean like premium economy or
economy I've got someone sat next to me
and if I don't like talk to them explain
to them what my job is they literally
sit there the entire flight just judging
the shower me like fucking just go
talking to his fucking phone he doesn't
have fucking signal up here so hmm we'll
see who's next to me and for dinner on
this plane I just have to go for a steak
and a cup of red
oh did I pass the hell out yeah dinner
and then I did it was nice but Batman
versus Superman I was like this film is
even worse than I remember now I am I
fall asleep in my chair until we get
there
that's right now it's 3 a.m.
la time no idea how long we've got to go
here thank the shit show that is London
Heathrow Airport security but it's
actually not looking too bad but I did
say that in LA as well okie-dokie Jones
make it through security actually really
really fast
obviously I beat my toe and I didn't
beep it was like you just go through one
more time I went through again and I
just surprising the beep
but now I've actually got four hours to
wait until the next flight so I'm gonna
go to the airport desk and see if
there's a flight to Manchester sunix I'm
pretty sure they fly it every hour so
we'll wait and see if I can do it then
I'll be one very happy man ok so this
time we are trying a different British
Airways lounge because the other one
apparently isn't working whoo turns out
I can't get chilly a flight to
Manchester so I have to wait around for
like the next mmm four hours it really
does I can't get the earlier flight to
Manchester so I was like idea I got from
London to Birmingham rather than going
from London to Manchester Manchester to
Birmingham which I'll take like six
hours round trip I was like why not just
do that and the the next flight for it
is it 9 o'clock at the same time as my
Manchester fly however it takes 10 hours
because you have to go from London to
Island to Birmingham so yeah I'm not
gonna do that yesterday's vlog went up
one time I'm ready to rock and roll to
my gate you're noticing my complete
lacking energy now because I'm getting
so tired and then when I do get home I
thought it was like a three hour journey
to get from my house to any see it's not
it's only two but still there it is the
final leg of the journey before I make
it back to Manchester but not quite home
and
very good evening ladies and gentlemen
my name is John the scroll and I'm the
customer service manager on board this
short flight to Manchester I would like
to have my personal welcome to you all
and welcome back our executive members
one day I just know from now on I'm
doing my meeting greets at the goddamn
Airport meet-and-greet parking yes boys
one sir is it raining no but it looks
like your husband jump in a taxi cuz
Terminal 3 we meet again
who quick is simple but might not look
like it but I showered changed in some
jogging bottoms for the ride ahead I've
already managed to pack my bag ignore
this huge pile of clothes and also the
fact that I found even more pop figures
in my bag that forgot terms you saw that
like I didn't empty from this when I
went to legends of gaming cuz I got back
I went straight to LA so even more to
add to the collection and there's
another one there's a book in Harry
Potter just wizard in his dick off over
it well he's gonna chill on the shelf
with John Cena which is actually a
duplicate now a Harry Potter which is a
duplicate but I'm pretty sure with your
awful fuck take Harry but I'm pretty
sure we don't have this r2d2 yet so just
like two hours it took me because Alice
gave me an address that was 25 minutes
away from where I'm supposed to be here
but I got here I made it I'm gonna go
check into a hotel
pretty good carping cut happen pretty
good parking I'm not gonna complain I'm
happy with myself all's good in the hood
look at the shit out the boot must
rock'n'roll took his sweet-ass time but
I am definitely definitely in the right
place let's just hope there's no
confusion my hotel room
which it is I might cry
isn't I want to go to bed but I am
shaking me hungry so let's get some food
but at the same time last time I ordered
food to my room came roars fuck remember
that was this is the place I got the
chicken from so I'm hoping it's not it's
not like that this time to be fair last
time they actually get me a crate a bit
apologize so I appreciate that a lot
but I never drank it because I was too
hungover ah well that's pretty cool the
guy got to works behind the desk
what jeez my videos like you watched all
the vlogs from last time we were here
for in 1758 and day like I was like well
I want to get some food but I don't
really want a chicken he was like oh
yeah I saw that it'll never happen again
but I just walked in from this a little
plate saying welcome with some little
chocolate treats and oh my gosh
I am definitely however much these cost
I'm gonna open these up and eat them
because I've not eaten anything last
night fully clothed like I was gonna go
out for food but I passed out fully
clothed on top of the bed and then we'll
cook maybe every three hours and removed
a piece of clothing first it was my
jacket
then my t-shirt then my like Jackie
buttons then my socks and before I know
it I woke up naked and was like that was
kind of a good night's sleep but I'm
feeling fresh not to jet like after my
journey of getting here it's time to
start day one at Eurogamer this is like
a lot of people say like like why do I
go to certain events
Eurogamer was the first ever gaming
event I went to it was a Eurogamer then
after that I went to egx
know you're a gamer and there was an old
thing called like game fest I think at
the time and then I went to my first
insomnia cuz I never heard of that and
that was like like a like an open coming
life sort of show but egx has always
been my number one show to go to I know
it's like it just sells out in seconds
it's not really like a youtuber meet or
pee event it's just a proper proper
gaming convention with all the biggest
and best games sort of things so gotta
see how things we go today I don't think
it's gonna be as busy as I 58 was but
that for me I mean it like The Syndicate
original stand book ya know India today
me Alice and Alex who is in his brothers
so you get to meet him in the Volks
though so that should be pretty cool but
I'm ready I've edit the vlog I'm time
start the day I'm running about 20
minutes late
but I think I can get away with it
because of the the whole sleeping and
traveling from America so let's fucking
do it
