right we're starting this day today
right now it's happening getting some
food because it's not like nearly one
o'clock and I still not have anything to
eat and I'm sick of starving myself so
go get some food and us go to the vo boo
Krakow today hopefully uh not suck and
everything goes smoothly so yeah
currently in the sound booth doing the
lines doesn't sound like correct saying
that but it is what it is let's this is
totally unacceptable I'm I'm not okay
with this you're supposed to respect
your fellow British bastards you swine's
that's a British word you you wait I'm
the lime you Yankee bastards Oh
so if I ask why what does this button do
yeah they all this is they all do
something overtime good did you crush
people have to wait and see when it's
fall I don't know no one knows this
audience would get edited yes definitely
something that follow him on how is up
in the booth this was this was good I
liked it that's a wrap ladies and junk
we're done I'm now professional voice
actor ish kind of that why you laugh-in
at me this is not negotiable
this place has 100 trophies hey what
your name's gonna be on that yeah this
is yours Hank Stapleton fucking legend
oh my gosh do we have some story to tell
you guys I am making the bed right now
for when we return so it's nice and
clean and tidy I still got my apartment
to clean but I massively fucked up all
day I've been like this is the plan I'm
going to take care of things I'm
supposed to go to the spa with Luke
today didn't do that when did voice
action instead and it went amazingly you
guys to find out what it's like what
it's for in the next couple of weeks but
I'm supposed to be flying back to
England and I'm they're trying to like
fire me miles like what's how am I
supposed to be flying today I'm pretty
sure it's like 9 o'clock but I'm not too
sure like what's a reference number and
one that I'm opening up the app I'm
DMing them on Twitter like guys I cannot
find my flight anywhere and they're like
what's the actual reference number for
your flight and I'm like well this was
the reference number I have but I just
can't find anything and they said to me
yeah that's because
your flight was yesterday I fucking
missed it
I am successfully so stupid that I was
convinced I was convinced I flew out on
Tuesday got to England on Wednesday went
to your game on Thursday like that was
the plan I fucked it all up
I missed the fly which means because
I've missed it I don't get a refund on
the ticket or anything like that it's
just like wasted money and I basically
had to book myself a new flight luckily
wasn't too expensive to do it I got it
for like 400 British pounds but like oh
my gosh I lost my seat home so my life
now consists of me waiting around in my
apartment till 9 o'clock tonight before
I fly back to England and hopefully
catch the flight which by the way is
delayed till 10 o'clock I remember from
9 o'clock to light 955 now so this is
not a successful trial day oke oke bed
is made next step is to take off these
curtains which you can clearly tell on
the right size I'm hoping that these
ones ah so time to take these off and
replace them new curtains up but as you
can tell they do fit they're a little
bit too short song have to buy another
punt these are call for everyone growing
up in life these record panels so I'm
going to get another 2 pounds to throw
in it so like it's like if you like this
like say they're open and then you go
showing close like this side pops out so
I'm gonna have to get two extra ones but
other than that they fit the length sort
but before I self to the airport I
completely forgot to show you guys that
I received the book from Canada this is
the book that consists of when I went to
Canada and I met the polar bear and bear
I met Aggie with the polar if you can't
tell she's white and then we scrolling
over here that's the actual bear but
look how amazing these photos are I'm
breaking myself I'm confident they then
told me it stood up and I was like I
don't know how I feel about this
whatsoever then we go to the next page
and look at it look at Jeff Jeff's like
I have a bear and then we got my boy
Brad Brad you look amazing my friend and
I selling some pictures of this then the
guy got in the pool with the polar bear
and I was like okay you're just actually
crazy but look at that Liberty
that is like America in a nutshell right
there but these photos came out really
really really good got some more of Brad
you got some more of me over here look
at book how evil that thing looks that
no wonder America was like that's the
animal we want to represent us Jeff
again looks absolutely terrified
Liberty tried to fly off and was like
GTFO looking Mina's ship and here we are
with ballet ah look so it's like the
stages of events oh my god I'm really
doing this this is a maybe an okay idea
what the hell I think I'm doing my life
is such such a good photo and then we go
over here we got Brad just blending red
light acts like so natural as if he's
supposed to be there Jeff again looks
pretty goddamn terrified it actually
then made a friend and then that was it
so this was the book that I got through
like his little thing to keep for
memories for rest of my life so yeah
okay for timing is 538 right now hoping
that that time is right because if it's
not fuck you know in life when you just
see something you like that makes no
sense
introducing the half usable water what
the fuck
this man right here is my spirit animal
I just hear a bang behind me he flicked
out his scoot off his off his backpack
look at him look at him fucking go he's
so goddamn majestic Lambert again was
everything I wanted the apartment looks
very very very clean what bedroom looks
like new bathroom looks like new this
looks like new the one thing I would
definitely say that doesn't all I know
is my office because it still looks like
shit so nonetheless it was nice having
you again an apartment love you leave
you I shall return I don't know
eventually and we've made it to the
airport we're like two hours early my
yuba driver was absolutely awesome cause
caught money we were talking about all
like the gangster films like Goodfellas
what else was the other one in casino oh
my god
I want to get on the plane now and hope
to god there's an old school film like
that it's looking kind of busy what am I
going
so obviously airports dead busy but the
busiest place in this entire building is
up there cuz that's the security line so
if you get up there and it looks as
packed as it is you're gonna have a bad
day I take back why said this is usually
fully fooled and I thought it was and it
is completely empty
like the lead by only 20 minutes made it
through security it was empty
but it took forever to get through I
think it's just cause like it's not a
busy day so they don't need as many
staff I'm going to the airport lounge
now I'm gonna see what food they've got
then from there try and get the bhagavad
before I get on the fly otherwise
tomorrow vlog is gonna be very very very
well as airports go this is one hell of
a nice effort what the hell is she doing
this is a proper proper fancy airport
got like all restaurants upstairs
you've got like like the McDonald's kind
of things you downstairs even though
there's actually not a McDonald's in
this Airport which is kind of weird it's
America you totally think to be a Mac
Nolan said it was not but we're going to
this place here which is the British
Airways lounge and I just hope they have
food there and I like that when it's a
busy Airport I can't
really noticing and I can just like yay
vlogging if it's really quiet that I
just I don't I don't walk this time I'm
not hungover so the look of all the
champagne and beer and wine will not
knock me sick holy fuck it's so busy
like this actually might be the busiest
I've ever seen this lounge in my life
but on the menu we have curry well the
only thing you can do in your flights
away by an hour
is this kickback and plain nothing but
monkey blue tower defense fire or what
is actually called balloons tower
defense 5 sorry there's no one can aim
in there whatsoever but nonetheless I've
got about yeah hour before I have to be
on the flight so I'm gonna stop this
vlog upload it and continue playing this
so yeah make sure you tune in for
tomorrow's vlog we're gonna be back in
England I'm gonna be heading down to
Egypt it's gonna be a long day tomorrow
I'm gonna be flying getting back in
England go into my house and then
driving straight to here ok my working
dagnabbit Alice I don't know if India's
gonna be there everyone she always here
at the Avensis but she's not gonna be
there this time I don't think but you
get to meet her brother instead it's
called Alex he's a really awesome guy as
well I'm her mom as well so we're gonna
hang it out there as be a pleasure to me
all your guys faces so I hope you've
enjoyed today's walk if you did visually
like rate subscribe and I'll catch as
tomorrow at 6 p.m. UK time which is most
likely alive because I guarantee you it
will be waived
so until then that equals
