do I look like a full-blown potato right
now the reason why I'm looking like this
not feeling them go nothing like that I
just woke up like four hours up to me
sleeping because I got a package arrived
because I have new curtains oh my god my
right eye it's not opening as much as
the left to realize it makes me look
like that dog Lucas getting this day
started I have absolutely everything
charging its tits off right now one
phone one case one case one charge your
battery thing another case because I'm
sick of my battery dying on me Master
Martin about half potato mode right now
looking like this but I'm about to like
suit jacket you dope all that sort of
stuff guy did you show me ask just stay
like I'm wearing fancy pants got the
clothes right away and I've got inside
which call it tie I want to wear I'm
even going with this one I'm even going
with this one I'm even going with this
one I told you I bought all freaks I can
use them again at a future event but I
just don't know which one I want to wear
to a wedding so I'm probably gonna put a
tweet out on Twitter be like what makes
me look wedding II yeah made it here
just in time basically walks into the
ceremony now so I'm Conan going making
magic happen I'm gonna walk it down the
aisle she'd be so proud of it this is so
fancy I'm absolutely loving it oh yeah
it's so nice oh my god Jan if you're
watching this like I'm so stoked they
went so above and beyond
that they have their own snap key show
me they have their own snapchat yes
that's amazing I'm getting behind you by
this light bridge five seconds
in our hearts trying to see proven your
unwavering commitment our relations
I love it you make every day feel
special even if it's just a cup of
coffee at my bedside waiting
I love the week
I love that every day you have a new
idea or business I'm sure you want to
explore I love that you're turrible
keeping secrets I still can't believe
that every night in the end each day
lasts
you show me what's important life I
couldn't imagine a damn
you make me excited to the future to old
its uncertainties you every broth you
are a piece of
yeah the funny thing about life is how
we have a tendency to float on believing
everything we gotta be true and finite
concepts of life well Jeff came into my
life I had no idea what I wanted nor was
i planning to look inside to find out
what I needed
she has an indescribable spark that lead
hearing from that last day of school
spirit
I don't even tell you my life is gonna
change forever my mornings news and
nights will be the same
I love for life and adventure
my fears and concerns divided you are my
honorary goofy dance partner you're my
compass you are the gentleman reliable
it's my rocky shore
I asked you to join me
yeah
all right we're done with the ceremony
actually had no idea we was gonna see
the ceremony I thought like they'd do
the ceremony and this was like the
afterwards thing but it turns out this
was like the whole thing and oh my god
wait I'm pretty sure I have located the
magician I see someone doing struck with
card so I'm hoping if there is a
magician I'm a thousand second film that
shit well it was an amazing wedding he
looked incredible it was so like it was
so cute I literally almost cried right
waitwhat
don't death grip it you just shot I
don't want to cut you to burn you
haven't burned anyone in three weeks
Thanks it's been a good night
if it gets uncomfortably hot let go
can you take that unscrew choice you can
stainless steel
I got it guys you did that I'd be
impressed I've yet to make it something
do it right I'm wearing like a strongman
I'm wearing cufflinks in the jacket so
take too long
the gang settings so we'll just do this
that's not even funny
like now you have a souvenir for long in
your ring and if something discussed
nope
is this like the CEO or something so to
like show where you're sitting you're
gonna pull your picture off and that's
like oh I don't lose a picture minute
right this is Jen and her mom you look
you look awesome here but Jen actually
gave me my own she printed off the
picture of me and I visa that is so
amazing
oh this is amazing
I want to be sorry I want to be like a
wedding crash because like weddings are
the best thing ever we have a brother
Cheers
we've only chairs was what we would
choose him without goblets of wine Luke
Cheers with your gobble watching my
videos
met me today they're like yeah we watch
it up there guys Huggies 23 it's 16
years old
oh that's a big came on even nervously
this is so amazing I want a wedding
immediately I should crush bush was
absolutely amazing
we had baby beet and rut cheese with her
arugula and pilots response and aged
balsamic vinegar actually really nice
but at the mains I think I'm gonna go
for a steak they come to cilantro which
I'm actually allergic to so I might have
to go the cheese no no okay
look I tried that I tried the marinated
steak in cilantro yeah my mouth tastes
like burning metal right now not a fan
not a fan well the chicken on the way so
we get chicken instead
okay dr. Jones we have surfer Tom and
sexual looking Luke then ask but I'm
going forward now the vegan lasagna
roasted vegetables with marinara gosh
your rosy chain interesting very very
interesting oh my god the day has been
saved look how nice that better not be
cilantro inside the chicken - oh fuck
you if it is all my days this looks so
good
we now need to remove this lasagna off
my plate in the nope nope nope nope nope
nope
no one likes lasagna I'm gonna take all
the chicken like I've never been so
happy with someone else in my life Jen
and AJ I'm like literally so happy okay
shut up cheater
it's so emotional right now beautiful is
you guys creating okay I've got your
attention now you're going in the block
oh go for it you attack you would type
that game
it's the simple things itself you
I actually really want to get married
now just so I can cut the cake goddamn
they killed okay they look adorable
emotions
hi
this is good music
apparently we're gonna beat them to that
football stick so yeah sure
someone's gonna die
Oh
hey Ricky Ricky
this is blowing
so the nice finish these to go we're
getting kicked off right now so job
why Bernardo is going on this guy wants
to be the video so Mike is in that's
this video I give you spawn home
she got real intense real quick so we're
going home down so that's the next day
amazing night first ever like wedding
I've ever probably been to was amazing
ten out of ten Jen age eight you killed
it it was so good I'm now like relaxing
on the sofa
definitely a hundred and ten percent
still drunk
what about three hours sleep and I'm
just like my mind is tired right now but
nonetheless an amazing day I'm glad I
got to share with you guys a J and J
thank you for letting me like post the
vlog I asked them permission if I could
post like everything that film and they
said yes so I really appreciate thank
you for the invite once again you guys
are an amazing couple and I can't wait
in them all the time to see the baby
called Tom so when I see the baby he's
gonna be like a legend and I'm gonna
take him skydiving mountain biking
everything and AJ's gonna come with us
and we'd be like the most adventurous
when the truck is ever so honestly
absolutely incredible and if you're
wondering like Tom where the hell's my
wedding present I bought you a bottle of
Dom Perignon not the one that we got in
Ibiza it's coming your way so I
appreciate you so much so until next
time guys thank for watching the vlog
hope you enjoyed it make sure you leave
a like rating subscribe and I will catch
you guys tomorrow for the next daily
vlog which will definitely be late
because we're going to a pool party
today and relaxing so
