oh I will sail the seven seas another
day cause it's raining
moneth will Defago its new dawn it's a
new day was starting and I am tired five
and a half hours sleep nicht good I am
99% sure that this is a Fredo Fredo is
is this an Australian Fredo how much
does this cost
in the UK they used to cost 5p but oh
shit here we see in the world a yogscast
day two in the Big Brother house we've
got this bloody Aussie and this bloody
Ostrow I was gonna say Australian but
it's Aussie and this American how you
doing you feeling rough feeling rough
rough
oh shit what up all the people in there
the chaos is about to begin
I've got like three minutes before I
need to be at the booth dad guys got a
nice jump I'm being sown injury right
now the booth is just opened and before
I get over there I've gotta go on the
main stage so you can see Alice my mum
India everyone on the boo
yeah backstage backstage backstage
backstage but stateful stage backstage
waiting for them to call our name
these guys have a special gas
day two absolutely crazy look how many
people uh hey everybody want to know
just take a second to work out what
another way back I don't have that one
either
holy please wait
what is this you're overwhelming me
right now what is it oh shit dude right
okay we need to hook this guy up with
some free shit this is in Charlaine I
want to say a massive thank you the clan
chief she's now gonna continue to grow
Alice can we get one of these one of the
new design shirts for this guy in his
size
I'm gonna hook him up what size you
think hex up hook the motto how cool is
this these guys came over and gave me
like this awesome light sort of plaque
and I was like lord tom cassell what
it's like all the achievements are doing
and just like a really cool statement of
these guys so thank you very much for it
you had nothing to do with it so you're
just stood here and you as well thank
you so much for that we're hooking you
up wanna share so honestly that sort of
stuff means the world to me so thank you
I'm a man with a plan now I've only been
doing a meet-up now for maybe three
hours it's been going great don't look
like photo science to a book the problem
is this is the line but all these people
here these all there's a lot of people
basically so what I'm gonna try and do
is if you've been at the van I'm not
trying to stress you guys out of Russia
what I'm trying to do is make sure I get
fault with everyone because my signature
it's a scribble so I'm not trying to do
is try and take photos with everyone try
to be nicer smoother just sweet as chip
so photos only like a photo booth over
there and hopefully frankly everybody I
joined with Liam say hello to the vlog
and Liam has brought this to show me oh
the hell did you make this it's well
heavy only this tape
it is me look me each company thinks
about a day
this looks identical and it is like
really got weight to so hey good job
Luke how do you just drop this bombshell
on it all of a sudden I'm like nah shit
dude he's like oh yeah I've got you're
running on my arm
oh my deadly yellow in it looks insane
bro that is fucking awesome collection
continues to grow with my latest Cookie
Monster so thank you for that
you turn it wearing a mini red shirt I
mean not as the decency to cross that
out because I know mini legs over there
I can fuck him up well that's cool I was
joking with you but you thank you for
having the tattoo we just I don't know
hey guys I managed to get everyone on
the bus to play as Harambee they're all
playing as the gorilla character look at
them everyone's playing this is good I
like this this is team effort let's do
this boys this is me this is my play
what did I do
what I do is what I think someone said
what's this and I was like oh this is a
wheel this is a nice real boom triple
kill Oh double kill raise opposed to as
me look at me I'm on steroids
this is me please please be MLG please
be MLG oh wait for it oh no this is
where I just find the dragon I think but
I got rekt sounds like oh shit yep I got
one I got one two three four four not
good but I got 20 kills so I'm not too
sure of the overall score but
nonetheless yeah it's gonna say that was
one I think that was absolutely the best
razor Locke we meet again my friendly
bearded legend that just doesn't sound
right at all for this guy gets syndicate
tattoos and I need to see the latest one
on camera let's not let's have it and
it's incredible I've already seen it
come on let's show the audience better
nipple let's not get this flagged but
look how cool this is you got the riot
line with all that walk this looks like
I'm like on camera looks like I'm about
to touch your nipple that's all the wall
will cause I look incredible how long
did that take four hours and it was
drawn freehand absolutely d2 is really
loud nearest an insomnia versus
I guess you're not getting because they
got stood on but nonetheless end of the
day was so good met so many people
literally tried everything my power to
see everyone there what stage is where
like screws like no you've got to go now
and I was like no I'm staying here
meeting families and if you were there
that's the truth you witnessed it for
your own bloody eyes a lot of people was
tweeting me like oh I've seen you all
day and I'm like I have been doing
nothing about going to toilet didn't eat
all day a meeting you guys so I
literally tried my best so thank you to
everyone in phases and day to you say
one for Ellis - how did you like your
big brother voice yeah
and we're going to the pub quiz tonight
and what we're doing there as dad would
say let's have a look at squad is
growing we have India we have terrorized
we have occurred and we have Alice and
we're all heading to the pub place or
rocking right just some solo to me we're
rocking our squad gold shoes right now
we've all got a cynic original origins
jumpers origins teachers because I'm the
boss I'm wearing the black
do it and that guy is wearing a very
good jumper just wanna say and put you
in the blog that is a lot people a lot
of sober people to be first look at that
we got someone far out here up in this
house got to have shit
there is genuine so many people by this
purpose this is one person from every
team entering this place 2,700 people oh
my god all of a sudden an improv rave
just at you but no one gives a fuck here
but I made by Randy he's amazing right
what seems to be the problem
every fucking time I have wait what's
wrong
my camera about I'd say about 20 percent
of my whole camera will miss you to miss
a train going no because there could be
dirty shit on me I see so we were
tempted to take all the drinks 58 bombs
on this names like this isn't gonna work
but instead given me a fucking trolling
yes your mother of God the air
controller is beautiful you have no idea
how much you're helping the cause
in their heyday
oh shit I got the words wrong I have to
ask why the hell do you have a reminded
saying wake up Paul wake up bald check
the oven
USC bombs over sleeper in UFC he had to
wake me up and I had to wake him up for
the UFC 112 days ago
absolutely starving much to order myself
a pizza which you somebody did my
company you can't even see right now so
this was supposed to be like a meet
these pizza and I was on it is olive sir
that looks so me a book I got some
chicken you remember like where's the
chicken all I can see is green but it's
a chicken covered in green stuff so
we'll see how this goes I guess
let's pause this conversation right now
right quick I'm just eating a piece of
this piece a really nice pizza about to
dive into my chicken and I was like I'm
sure I could see a little bit of pink on
the side of my chicken like that bit
right there you'd be like that's a bit
of pink so usually I'm checking seeping
you don't meet you so like don't worry
it might just be nothing I'll eat around
it I just caught inside my chicken and
that is the most disgusting thing I have
ever seen when I've come to a chicken in
my life that is pure raw chicken which
will get me 100% salmonella like I
genuinely can't believe I've just been
served that had it just eat a piece of
the chicken next to it that didn't look
raw so I'm hoping I'm not gonna get all
of it could have closed the curtains
amid like oh it still so damn good right
the vlog now boy I completely passed out
after a starving stomach of tapas so
yeah I need to get up out of bed head
over to the event and go and see all the
new people today so have an absolute
blast today thank you for everybody Kim
say hello at the booth and to everyone
who watches the videos and stuff alright
so make sure like rate and subscribe and
I'll see you guys tomorrow for the next
daily vlog and if you're it insomnia
I'll see you guys then
