welcome to the maze which is our hotel
it's probably two o'clock in the
afternoon and we're only just in our day
you know what we don't even care kind of
get do you have directions to the pastry
place why do you not have directed a
pastry place this is actually amazing I
think I stroked this more than you do
nice yes Amsterdam smell of but yeah I
don't smell weed either all right got
ourselves an umbrella and we're back in
the square that we're inside yesterday
poppin up we got trams going by we got
what the hell is that thing so you get a
wheelbarrow attached to a bike you get a
little statue of the dude not actually
sure what it is because I can't read
Dutch unstirred am iam wait are we in
the I mean is this do they speak Dutch
yes right and yeah we just proper in the
middle of it all Thanks now that woman
had your pants write down a translation
Olivia we're speaking how do you say
thanks and the woman just looked her and
went Thanks it's like I knew the moment
a side filming it would stop we made it
some sub hi screw no sorry High Street
people got that weed in their hands they
got wow so cultured we're all oh so
we're the smell so strong in there look
at that we call the way to Amsterdam
Dunkin Donuts yep cultured oh yeah
jeez Henri cheese Hey Henry's willy
cheese is oh wait what oh okay that's
that's no my guess is this a cinema yeah
whatever this is this building is
gorgeous yeah I love it
alright when we say we boom - duck
today who's a deejay at the club escape
long behold I thought it was a tip we
opposite direction where thing alone we
all there it is
escape I don't know if it's any good or
is any bad but the guy was super nice
and invited us to a club on Friday but
we've been walking for 60 minutes to get
us to bake my day
Lydia saw us on Facebook or something
apparently it's supposed to be divine
so yes thumbs up yes oh this is a good
yes a bad choice
come cheese thrilled farmers something
over mmm it's breads hard put it you dry
okay so you guys it's all just hit I'm
sounding like a crushed up look this is
the measured bloom on Maggie broke or
whatever you want to call it but rarely
is a really nice bridge which yeah yeah
yep that's also true but then thing is
this one bridge there which looks nice
and cool there's one bridge there looks
also nice and cool so hey Torres
troubling with Tom I'm like a true
documentary man hey and if you look
Bridget yeah bridges whoa duct tape one
post there's the notion nationally opera
and ballet the house or building or
something I'm here everything and Lydia
is just for sticking out look at it
shows you what the paintings on the is
look like the Pistons on the belly
buttons you know the pacing on the
nipples are like and if you want Oh
another nipple over there
they're nice then you know what if you
want a massive clog you can get uh Hank
up series well oh and that's a sex with
of sorry maybe I shouldn't Elma the
shopping district because this place is
good everything you could ever need for
a ski sighs cheese company but for real
this place is absolutely I'm alarmed
it's fair to say Amsterdam gets my seal
of approval
there's wondering why because which is
Motzkin let's live again and if you take
a look to your left you'll
I'm happy with Olivia this is my kind of
shop we got katanas we got blade to get
NASA we got all the things we've even
got this naked dude with a big-ass bin
soldered mother of bongs I'm pretty sure
that says she sure as a mother but what
greenhouse seed co-creators of chumpy
craters of champions
what the hell is a monkey in hi there's
a Jamaican well that's a lot of weed
paraphernalia anyway
into the random shuffle stuff if you go
oh you're you get let it litter than a
titty you're squeezing your liver than a
titty oh yeah that's nice I thought I'd
be doing that not you good how is it
feel good yeah this morning me and Lydia
went on like a 20-minute hike to get to
bake my day turns out it was great and
you know like you get like a really
classy bakery shop right next to a pawn
shop
okay okay we did the whole taking a fall
on the bridge think as we thought it'd
be cute and our bar I know get a little
castle thing behind you in it it's just
a restaurant just a restaurant beautiful
beautiful restaurant restaurant
restaurant cafe indie where I get just
yeah just yeah just that I buy it it's
just my house I got bored - Sara it's
moved to Amsterdam nice well Olivia's
magic yeah I was gonna leave it to
something like that
Lydia's founder Heritage Area new king
Chinese restaurant a big Chinese temples
of doors but we found Chinatown you see
if you're gonna solve our chicken dock
yeah and then that's dog you gonna solve
a picking in there I was looking at that
cuz I thought that's a massive ass
building and Olivia goes oh the condo
Murray sorry I didn't know is it
DEFCON Dumber it's nice to meet you in
the sea like they look pretty normal but
then when you look up a bit that's a
race car now it's like through that's a
carrot all right then I know now often
alright okay home sweet home
nothing you have reached 238 being 237
is amazing hashtag 236 just two three
four and they got boring around there
what's that one you got at the mall no
saying oh thing okay she's such a kid
everyone thinks I'm the imager but she's
got a little burgers oh god he's not
hard to write huh a bit through
everybody later mmm okay Cheers oh sweet
the bun first
you got me going this all shall be
hamster another graves as the vlog is
live relax okay so what unstirred Amiens
now I'm caught of unstirred aliens for
the rest of the trip but dumpster
Damien's eat French Canadians eat snails
yeah tit is cheesin we'd know they
Amsterdam means what do you write there
is it possible to get a hairbrush from
is it possible to get a hairbrush for my
room yeah like it like a nut like a
broom a comb yeah a comb from a
girlfriend yeah comb for my girlfriend
that's correct thank you bye-bye
the hotel room after a quick power nap
and we got a sticky note which says as
she clash Kakashi clash which the guy at
the desk
he says he's Dutch don't try and he
doesn't even know what Dutch like
cuisine food is like what's national to
them and he said just go down there
that's the restaurant that sells that
kind of food so off we go so we're gonna
check out the menu for this if it takes
up fancy
yeah we're gonna try it not get it or
buy it I'll get rid of is cute
if not you won't pass the noodle bar
today which Sunday's on YouTube look
what they recommended some places for us
to go a little canal boat toll but we
saw the food menu not too short for
feeling excite so we're gonna try our we
were gonna track is missing decisive
over here doesn't know where she wants
we're gonna try can
we escaped the window
into the restaurant which is like Musk
if it goes up three stories and they can
have 280 people in there so time to see
if we can find something we can heat the
world's most yeah yeah now I tried
listen tomorrow we'll try and find you
somewhere nice table noodles okay you
only go to Taiwan instead of always
Taiwan okay this sounds nice meatball
beef with cabbage damper but I don't
clear what that is
calfs liver with bacon onion and apple I
don't know the next beer of choice I may
be trying is a polygamy Legum
Bon Appetit oh good nice one there one
beer is just my favorite that is super
super tasty like when I travel I try to
drink just like random different drinks
rather than trying to get joint just to
enjoy so we've mixed up our dishes and
we've got cheese croquettes and shrimp
croquettes whoa
yo Livius shrimp croquette flavor
explosion but everyone wants us to bring
back raises food so we gotta bring it
back later
throw my cheese croquette smoked tea
strong delicious oh nice
that's the first time I probably quit a
dish that well in my life
wait no even you know that was so good I
was dead jealous of yours but that was
so good I probably give that like a 9
out of 10 in your salad like still ate
my 9 is in there Bobi a 9.5 book you
ready to try it okay good try try it and
try and be like a connoisseur describe
describe what you taste the smell it's
really big
and taking them taken to the city
no it's all the aftertaste is the flavor
no it looked definitely enough oh my
goodness look at this for the first time
oh the kitten was it be good
I think I did a good job I don't touch
pickle although he's in a pickle
I don't know whatever it wasn't terrible
yeah let's no talk about that am i right
in saying it's pronounced hodge podge
much much okay Oh more of these things
no like little alien eggs I don't want
it okay so a meatball with bacon a
sausage is mashed potato and onions no
idea and some reason pickles and you've
just owe me that looks amazing
that is very much for me sauce is very
mushroom sauce quite weak book nowadays
is very mushroom and that is so tasty I
don't know where to start with this I'm
thinking we will try to put a bit of
everything on my fork I lied
meatball to him compared to a meatball
at IKEA this is 10 times bad guys a
problem put up a meatball the sausage
that's what what what kind of sausage is
that remember back home kind yeah kinda
look at this baby
this is good
this one is the huh why is it trying to
teach Olivia how to whistle 101 okay so
Tom behind you again
definite go in that just to see if my
friend Rick you said an Italian I was
like every single person here has been
so nice well the wind must be strong
again yeah and the middle of the road
the wind must be really strong it's
nothing all over the bike's de ken would
be sad
Oh what you're eating there Lydia people
might think it's a cigarette Sharpie
again what is it always a Milky Way I
think that might be my favorite
childhood chocolate snack oh this place
is so nice at night this little square
this is called dumb square
tourist tips with Tom and this is called
jams
teaches dumb strategies are they go
that's exactly what's good what's the
count film it cuz I don't spoil the show
and that's about right all right cool
food can't wait for this show to begin
it's gonna be great totally bumping into
funds while stood in line not a problem
well I must admit you and Lydia wait and
watch the show our eyes have been opened
I never knew how one could smoke a
cigarette before so you know what they
can I'd next like spy out it's like 1
o'clock in the morning on a Thursday
this place is absolutely route Lee
undercover cops
piñon a guy up against the wall went
through his pockets pulled out loads of
bags the truth getting booked right now
it's loads undercover cops a mad
and you like proper dress like I don't
sounds weird like dead boom I've gotta
go it's crazy
Lydia I've been waiting for this
surprise all this time I rent is your
boat if you'd like to just go get in it
ignore the fact that there is playing
kits and trash whatever that is inside
it kind of I can't believe you just did
that
why like seriously I've rented a book
like you know what the boat ride council
no the boat ride is canceled why'd you
do that that's not even funny and it was
the first you push me up guys I'm in a
I'm in a scary abusive relationship
jump-scare you know what don't make me
do it
I decided to hide the other door at 3:00
every pitch black no no you came and I
hid behind the door and when she came
out from the other door when I was
scared for my own self nope it is
launched this seems pretty nice you know
they got some pepper chicken good Sam
pepper cooking good
Oh chiz you choose your base choose your
favorites choose your source
nom nom nom nom step 1 okay that's
pretty nice look at him go to town on
that thing
hmm do what I think about Amsterdam is
it I I don't care for museums and stuff
like that I don't thank you I don't care
about museums and so far but it's nice
just to walk around I am try well that
we bumped into a some Australian people
a minute ago didn't we I'm gonna proper
chat with them about everything
oh yes and some dude was like proper
going for ladies things I hate oh yes
really guy said to me when he went if
you punch him punch it's nice to know
you've got my back
I just changed them it's just really
nice because there's so many people from
all over the world I just walk around
the streets and just enjoy the nightlife
the guy I bet it like when I thought
this morning booked on p.m. yeah because
we're up to it's 1 o'clock in the
morning now it's just nice
so tomorrow though we're gonna go we got
spooked at 5:30 is it nice hmm I got a
spy booked and we're gonna try and do
some bye Eva what's he called was he car
with a balloon
have you seen everywhere Banksy I'm
gonna try this Banksy Museum that he's
got to shop and we have food and you
don't come on but I was gonna think
that's it if as long as you can hear
that that noise that whistle that means
you're on the right track to be able to
actually whistle whistle completely out
now I don't know whether this is a thing
cuz they're out at night or whether
they're actually all down someone if a
did if any of the Amsterdam Ian's
watching the vlog know please let us
know now Amsterdam Ian's
telling you they missed if they're not
caught on stir Damien's
they should be much love to my Amsterdam
use because that's what you'll always be
known as it might but I love you all
back into the maze of hallways
I have to walk like a metric fucking
mile to get to the room it's so
