but it three-two-one best impression go
and Turkish look Tucker is literally
being about the sign so wonderful
deigning than where its foggiest it's
you can't see beyond the horizon and
Harambee is risen I don't know why I'm
saying that but I just have a feeling
that Harambee is out there somewhere II
this is me now trying to load
yesterday's a video that I was making it
was like four gigabytes it's gonna take
me I want 38 minutes talk a little it
geesh and I think the video is broken so
don't think it's gonna work terminal 3
we meet again let's do this my flight is
delayed by 20 minutes and of course my
bag gets stopped through security
does it every time just just as so many
wires and that I like don't know what to
do to stop it from happening
but every time I float ever they keep
searching my back there's no liquid in
it or anything just wires look how many
people I have to wait to get their bags
searched first before they searched mine
it's a lot people that's a lot 20
minutes I've got an hour before my
flight which i think is delayed 30
minutes sir and we can thank jason
blundell for the fog rolling in because
that's what's delaying us okay looking
good the weather's cleared up now so I'm
gonna go to the gate and see if we're
going on board with that said I managed
to get my zombie video uploaded I don't
know whether it is like a so if it is
and I load it and it's just corrupted as
fuck I'm sorry for everyone who watched
it was like fuck this I'm whispering
because I'm leaving an airport lounge so
might record the video got the thumbnail
doing the tile done all that sort of
store but I'm just worried that last bit
of it the audio is out of sync with the
mouth I tried everything in my power to
make it work I just some reason it just
wouldn't so I really don't know what to
do so I can't fix it all time away but
damn it
now boarding London Heathrow engaged 142
almost confident that that is the bigger
wake not that that is the biggest plane
that exists it's the big Emirates one
that flies to Dubai things are like
showers on and stuff like that but
either way we are flying off to learn
time to stock up on the good stuff
everyone asked me what hair stuff I use
and it's this the best hair product
money can buy oh shit I just realized
that the woman out of Game of Thrones
holy shit huh how to know you're doing
it right chocolate milk with ice so many
people stress out like oh my god I've
gotta get the gate we'll get to the gate
but like why just wait this is where I
pray and hope this new movies I've never
seen before
we're gonna so what we're gonna say what
I'm gonna say okay let's see let's see
yeah you know seen it seen it see it oh
this is not looking good
oh this is not looking good at all no no
okay oh I haven't seen that I had to
really wanna see that okay that's fine
and then yes say most of the ones I'd
watch there and that's pretty much day
oh no I'm not nice we'll get two films
all right food time let's take a look
before we get is it gonna be good is it
gonna be filter securing nice about four
hours left
I spent two hours watching a movie and
three hours of itself are playing this
balloons game if you've never played
balloons tower defense the monkey
version you're missing out in life
nothing wrong with a little bit of a cup
of tea and a folded up slice of pizza
yes let's take a look at that Bay looks
disgusting wait wait Wow majestic so
much Wow okay
landed here for short trip just a quick
wedding then straight back home the one
downside of visit in LA
all this queueing now through security
probably gonna take me about two hours I
crow every time all right security'll
ended up taking 45 minutes this time I
was expecting to take easily two hours
but 45 minutes yeah I'll take it
holy shit it is busy as all hell damn
son luckily not too much of a long live
the Duchess oh so sweet this yeah why
you soldier
I am however still 30 minutes away from
home so like why did you keep getting
good I keep looking to rub you against
my nipple but basically we're back we're
gonna shower really quick get changed
maybe maybe put some pants on some jeans
and then a grand join took her a minute
cuz they were at Minnie's apartment and
I was gonna go check it out and took his
new apartment got man beer gone meeting
back up my roommate bought I think we're
just gonna go up some drinks and I'm
it's like 4:00 a.m. in the UK but I'm
not feeling too tired right now so
pretty good then then Katoon just like
that nice showered changed looking whoo
the lifts just completely drop down when
I got in looking nice and fresh a ready
to rock and roll to go and see my main
man many lad a my old roommate Jericho I
know you guys know him as Jericho like
Toki you know him but it's just like
he's back living in LA now so he's he's
home you can't see anything that's why I
brought my other photos like a lot I
didn't mean to have really
I'm Joey live here
yeah I'm just going to use it forever go
Oh video it was like putting a photo
like no man daily vlogging this place is
amazing
you can't see shit right now but amazing
music skull face on the TV you can't see
oh shit I lose it I don't know if you
can see this but that's working on each
other okay this is Tucker exiting the
pop by the way I'm gonna quickly just
show it below this is like a pond scene
so word images of boobs but you walk out
and you would not know we're in uh I
wasn't there was no porn it was just it
was a VHS rental service system you know
dude yeah I do
yeah we all love Tucker cuz Tucker we're
shots it's usually be and I wear shorts
but now we look at the current duck
aware shots we have a look at meanie and
he's wearing a hat we roll up at the
club when we're looking like twats well
that was a great song actually I am
actually very impressed with that song
altogether book hey dude hey I see you
in lighting I haven't I like to do
dinner in a year almost I was like I'm
moving out the house by that was it yeah
now is anything that I was like down to
the seat and I was like peace but dad's
back and I'm here now you better wear
the best friends absolutely could have
this is like the crew now you've got me
you've got Tucker yeah yup you're by
many lines looms and you've got Dave
Dave gone Dave now I'm Dave Dave fucking
Dave yeah is that God David a rookie I
Lukey wah-wah-wah-wah-wah
front is close but look this the Jim
Henson Company this is where they film
The Muppet Show okay you gotta go to the
have you ever met Justin Rowland we go
to the Morty we get morning you guys
have you met Justin it's actually quite
good
have you a have you met Justin yeah it's
all for fuck's sake it is a very guy
good I smell weed so bad what the fuck
yo who's getting high as fuck in there
in the gym has enough it show area other
than to love them love them
mini lad come over here I'm not showing
yourself until you come close and give
me a tour oh wait wait this tour has now
been taken over by Jericho welcome to my
dirty ass apartment yeah give me a tour
giving you a tour of your office space
here you gotta that's great oh my oh my
god
oh wait hiding all the porn you know I
don't wait are these is this way you're
screaming so loud over the palms oh wow
this is so nice the hell's were the size
of these speakers huh so the size of
these speakers for me decryption that's
why we side my side bag have you not
heard of headphone
this is my side bay why they honor Maz
also my side the on Jack's is at the
base mm-hmm is that shirt or the base
now that this is base my I'm subwoofer
isn't my fucking life is failing you
subwoofer is not fucking okay that's the
subwoofer I'm pretty sure that's not
sure that's your passion and blade what
do you do I have you got two chairs in
here oh you took a guy thinking videos
topic in what word amaze every day if
you own it you would be good we really
did Todd not hat style change you never
even not hair style makes you take a
super saw you never even thought that
you can see me like this
okay that's enough of that yeah Thank
You Man I'm Turkish look Tucker is
literally being about Uncle Simon God's
okay good yo
oh shit some crow no Chuck a Hitler hit
the whip hit the nen√© hit the whip I
can't do the neck hit the whip and the
Naenae
yeah we are going double Tatsuya lovin
with a soul is bananas I'm not gonna lie
that was way too spicy that's why I went
for the the pussy version of just
chicken ramen you said sir thank you
very much that kind of love it's by
super Hospital ramen was definitely
worth it thank you a taste on the taste
scale just the broth alone is like is
like a nine yeah and then the noodles
are nine the chickens amazing so
altogether I'm given a nine point - yeah
that's except that's a pretty sorry oh
yeah this looks way too
oh my god it's the way that God that the
rice is really good but I'm just not a
fan of all this like stuff that comes
with it but much because I'm picky but
yeah nine point two out of ten so good
it should have been awake for 25 hours
now all right
took a good to see you James could see
yeah miniguns here getting off at the
end of the day lip-lock you keep them
moving noodle bro I'm here to spice
pussy-ass bitch by the way I'm going to
pass out a policy Brian I catch you all
tomorrow at the ready like ah goodbye
I'm so tired
oh man I managed to make it home
thankfully it sounds like I wouldn't
have made it home I managed to make it
home by falling asleep in the back of
the hoobat because it was a 20-minute
goober my eyes are closing on that side
I cannot wait just to get into my
partner and fall asleep wake up nice and
refreshed and then go suit shopping
tomorrow and then is like an event for
us to go up to in the nighttime so that
should be pretty cool so yeah it's like
I think it's like 2 o'clock in morning
right now through a coffee wine and
26 hours a week now I didn't sleep once
on a plane and my eyes are just burning
okay I'm aware this vibe was late but I
only had like six hours sleep which
should have been twelve I had
successfully set myself an alarm to wake
up and edit this vlog because in LA I
have to wake up before 10 a.m. to get
the vlog edited whereas in UK I can wake
up whenever I want and just get the vlog
at by 6 p.m. so when I'm in LA this is
when the vlogs are always goddamn late
so I apologize but if we can hit now the
other day we managed to hit 11 and a
half ratings I want to see if we can hit
7.3 like ratings yeah 7.3 we can hit 7.3
like ratings on the dot no more no less
I'll give away t-shirt in tomorrow's
video so until then thank you very much
for watching make sure you leave a like
great going back out again in tomorrow's
vlog with Tucker
Jericho we could all them it's like a
reddit part or something like that and
then we got the wedding so I'm really
excited because I've never been to a
wedding for my last so yes so until next
time thanks watching much love and adios
tubes and dudettes
