oh this morning oh yeah I want some
toast and then when I looked at it I was
like the bread is blue
thank God the same thing didn't happen
with the waffles you know what I mean no
joke only had about an hour and a half
sleep today I was up really late last
night just do it and random shit going
get my hair cut denim catch the train
down to Birmingham for i58
I am gonna be one tired cootie cat today
katroo still came out really shot like I
went in with it really long I do like it
cuz it this will grow in perfectly
because it like the way it spike awaits
that looks amazingly good just look a
little bit shot that I guarantee at
least in India and everyone will say my
hair looks really short so we'll just
see what goes hopefully it goes back
within like two days right haircuts
looking a little bit better with the gel
I actually normally use some happy with
that yeah raids rock and roll time to go
to insomnia man oh man we've made it we
have Ellis Paulo and India hi India
everyone has been asking like crazy
where you are
Paul are you not so much India a lot the
team has fully reunited in man has
improved there's some fancy-ass
buildings around us
taxi layouts changed they've spent a lot
of money here Oh what gone what's
happened
okay so that mean you mean I got out of
bed this earlier have you stressing me
out getting out the house and the trains
canceled I'm giving you two a gift you
can use it as well let's just doesn't
sound right listen you and you I'm
giving you a gift you don't keep it
forever you keeping it for this trip
all right and you know I do daily
vlogging so you two are gonna do daily
vlogging as well but instead you're
gonna be using you were using this
bye-bye
this is your new best friend why are you
guys so excited okay let's do this
are you ready parody ready you ready
platform - 1235 - phone that's okay
where we're going what is going on it's
empty
why do I not trust you at all it is
camera now you click the record I know
your recordings I heard you click the
button and now you're zooming in and
zooming out smash it not sure I was
pretty girl from
Wow savage well after being on the train
for a whole two hours playing I spy I
think we absolutely pissed the entire
train are playing it but nonetheless
yeah and just for the record I came off
as the victim now that is how you grow
your twitch stream everyone go and show
this guy's some wolf is still at the
entrance and you know is twitch stream
link so everyone go insurance me was
like really cool cuz never ever like
seen someone handing out like flies or
something for like their twitch off
YouTube or anything so yeah I really
respect the grind of doing that so you
guys want to go check him out by all
means - I think I'd be really cool a
really nice of the city community to go
show him some love we are arriving at
the venue wait what why we all burning
pots me going on I see you're tired run
for four more days of chaos with each
other four more days five five more days
of clash with each other bring it on I
read all right these are amazingly cool
the PlayStation V but this is it all
before it's all officially officially
officially so I have no idea what this
is but everyone's building all their
stands and we're going over to the
cinder coverage you know this hall is so
damn big oh my gosh and here is Civic
original we're in front of the rock shop
right next to EA we're next to
overclockers and syndicate original is
over here looking mighty damn fine and
swaggy
here we have ourselves some raisin
members setting up the set up here you
got the razor boss I think I might be
doing some lock-ins this time I'm not
too sure we got the razor sharp next
stressing out trying to put everything
nice and organized this person here this
is new blue pig who made us a playlist
for the razor tour but let's go back
over here and see how I was doing you
okay
this is a big amount of space it's
they're nice it's been there's a lot
haha mother truckers I can flute with
everybody was here so three biddies here
we've an awesome people and I'm gonna be
over at the syndicate original booth for
the homies are here I completely forgot
they're gonna be dead why do you think
what do you think it is fate it's a big
and this one in it I say it's big and
nothing changes like we don't need more
space for odds it's just more space for
the people's the people's need the spec
we've got white bags again this time
white and black people get choice am i
doing here
I'm helping carry well I'm actually
being useful for it's okay
wah-wah-wah-wah wall it's all going up
now boys it's all going up it's getting
scary team thank team I'll say this good
looks are insomnia 58 it's gonna be fun
we're gonna lose Darren he's gonna
disappear in a few hours but nonetheless
we can do this this is so sick okay the
screens aren't freaking out that's just
my camera but all the old-school
machines it's dope it's about to start
vlogging like saying how cool this like
game standards and is like a pirate ship
and I'm like ah you know phone's games
gadgets all this stuff and I literally
stopped no joke and grasped in how
amazing this is to 420 pounds oh my god
I don't have I don't have don't have
don't have don't have don't have don't
have don't have don't have have no yes
no no no no
no neighbor direct no oh my good there's
all these I don't have cannot believe
how big this venue is this year I'm
pretty sure this might be the main stage
but then at the same time it might not
be the main stage so I don't know what
the stage is then you've got all this
space over here which I'm just gonna
assume they're gonna put chairs I'm like
lost trying to work out what everything
is and then over here
is this the entrance Oh everyone comes
from oh my god holy shit this is gonna
hold a lot of people so for the best
like hour now I've been laying the floor
in the stand in the stand I think with
Justin Timberlake yeah very far from
done you got this girls I'm being really
helpful I'm gonna go back down here and
relax now goodbye I relax you're not
doing yet Karen Oh are these poster
these are posters Ross if you're coming
to the event guys we've got tons of
posters field Sam we've got new shirts
we got the designs that if you haven't
been out to go out on a fly we can sell
them here as well so just madness of
madness wait how many posters are in
each back box
how many a hundo TL there you go good
job Alice so you got it done inside I
think it took longer the last time to
set it up but you finally got it done
we're over here you'll be able to find
us
near razor near the back of PlayStation
right in the middle of the place I am
absolutely starving I want to go get
some food or a chill out I want to relax
and then that would be a happy time
oh it's mafia free oh my god I really
want to play that game so bad oh my gosh
don't do it don't do it oh my this is
why coming to an event at the NEC is
amazing this new hotel they've got is
incredible last time I someone needs to
go back to last insomnia and see what
rating I gave the hotel because I'm
pretty sure it was two single beds last
time but they spa my god
it's so not look at it look at it it's
so fancy oh my god
oh my gosh don't do it right ready if I
had to like give it a rating right now
ten I give it an eight now it's just the
bed oh oh oh oh no that is easily two
single beds been put together to make a
double bed with then a shitty-ass
mattress put on it this mattress oh
that's a well let's just bring to that
40l oh my gosh seven point nine eight as
right now alright good luck with
everything
success salut cheese my goodness I have
not eaten anything apart from actually
must be fair I had a bowl of cereal then
I had a bacon roll and then nothing from
ten o'clock till now which is ten
o'clock at night so oh my gosh yes yes
yes yes it's your dad's mother I
finished mine already because I was so
angry yes are you surprised at all I
completely forgot to end yesterday's
vlog but I'm here at the arena this is
like this is my I'm giving you a shower
in the other stairs like this is the
security team now that I like my home is
for the next few days of like looking
after me I don't need a security team
but it's just so I can get from A to B
around without getting stopped because
like I'm I'm at this event literally to
do no stage stuff like her performance
is like not like performances you might
be on stage playing games or then I'm
literally here to meet all your guys
faces this is the reason why I want to
come here it's the whole point being is
I'm just on my lunch break right now and
I'm like cutting my lunch break in half
just to go and see more people but like
these guys are here because they need to
get me from basically the stand to eat
the stand to the toilet without being
stopped so if I have a bump into you at
these events and you seem like in a rush
its litter because I'm going for food or
for a poo so don't stress out with me
like if I'm going to wear right
I will they definitely make sure I try
and see all of you throughout the day so
thank you for bearing with me I really
appreciate it I love you guys faces I'm
gonna go end this and enjoy the rest of
day so thank you for watching make sure
leave a like and subscribe I'll catch
you guys there
adios
