wait why are you putting seeds on your
dinner why you a fucking pigeon it's
okay
okay whatever and we're starting today
outfit not exactly the smartest way my
knees are still absolutely busted they
hate me so damn bad so because when
these are hurting I'm going out my
friends and going snowboarding what are
you trying to say about my house where's
that fucking would not fit in my garden
plus there's too many tits out from I
like it and we have made it to chill
factor we have small annoying child we
have Becky and we have Wesley based
these guys came prepared with kit bags
full of clothes and stuff and I came in
a mountain biking top gloves and shorts
all right we're settling the score I'm
gonna find out socks I'm gonna find out
how tall I am wait for it
wait what pee
please take your seat goodbye
what no way on that hi oh my god I'm a
midget Oh
Lydia Lydia there's a little children's
playground gone shit sport wait why are
you 4 foot 205 foot - Wow all right so
basically they've closed off half the
slope because like the real like the
Reese knowing it so it's nice and fresh
so we have a really really small amount
of a actual slope to slip right to skier
what do you think you've not even got
you're an idiot
but yeah we're gonna hit the rest of
this now so this should be cool got an
hour on it
where's is on his way looking like a
fucking ninja and then let's do this I
probably won't have a lot of footage to
film because if we just hit me
concentrating on nobody but hey let's do
ders day - in the Amazon rain for me
wait day three in the Arctic Circle
we've been hiking for hours and we've it
is pretty fucking deep actually Jesus
feel the rhythm feel the ride come on
Mars it bobsled time everyone when I
come here thinks I'm like a boy II don't
like wearing the jacket and just like
joking around and stuff but uh I might
resolve my friends so this time someone
else will help oh yeah sure gets a
double just push them down they like
that that's what they do that's just
pumping out like water goes in there
kicks out or the cold temperature
unknown behold you have snow lots of
micro amounts of snow
I guess these guys are doing snowboard
lessons I'm probably going to crash
because this looks way too bumpy and
powdery but oh well we have a wild
ginger appearing apparently he lost his
ski on the way down not to show up in
there how's your run going good
I successfully fell over once got back
up and then crushed into Aires so we
blame him for everything ball I think
he's made it down okay
I think he's okay oh my god zoom in here
we go oh he's going to crash won't Lydia
made it down the small image as a front
Oh someone else crushed instead and
Wessington maybe don't scorn europe gone
Macky gone last Oh
feel the rhythm feel the rise come on
Becky it's skiing time these guys oh oh
she nearly had a bump
she nearly hit them will she do it
oh I like to get in split wide boo
french fries french fries okay time to
be special
if there's ever a point like you think
you can't do something
this guy's Canton's using legs and he's
still learning how to ski
Hey that is fucking inspiration right
there I said to my mud property dude
that is really awesome what you do just
race wears a pink slip kick his ass
where will you meet even do a snow fall
bunny hop flip turn wait
your woman's winning shit it's not going
too fast
but Becky is definitely taking the lead
here please fast please crash please
crash Pisgah go oh close close all right
go over here faster you can do full
speed feel the rhythm feel the line come
on Linea it's bobsled time
did you yeah I want a book you just flip
me off on the way down
you bitch well I I can say that is is
one more man fuck you see how all you've
never seen anyone Shrek of the hill
I'm literally shredded going up the
little high listen just a prank bro
justice crime look shit what is Michael
doing what the fuck well my phone died
on the slopes and not that's not the
only thing that died there my haircut
did as well came out looking like a mad
Savage
where's you looking perfectly normal
prison yep that's present yeah right
then where's a Vassar that nice meal
you've got there looks nice and
fulfilling that looks girly nice as well
they're sweet potato chips fried wedges
that make sense
I just got abomination of chips what the
actual tits that is the most I've ever
seen book I would the best season ones
I've ever seen like this sprinkled
everywhere
and above Archie Kamini mmm do you
happen why shall I not work you have no
idea the stress I just went through
trying to get yesterday's vlog uploaded
alright drive around in the car and it
was saying like 20 minutes remaining we
then found a spot for G and he said like
three minutes remaining and I made
where's go 10 miles per hour in a 40
zone just try and get about it oh there
you go
yesterday's vlog was late I'm sorry for
shit happens and now we're going bowling
my hair still looks like mad but fuck
you which leg looks like shit in the
thick of it it's a stunner look grace
fucking throwing it down
let's give us a port reporter drama
scene Ghazi cheap shit oh my god it's
like being on a boat but Roches well for
fuck's sake captain where's what's going
on but Uncle in port side which was
ports I don't know make it is absolutely
chucking it I'm wearing shorts and a
t-shirt you are yeah
I'm a professional colder but I'm a
grown adult oh my god yes more red
lights mean better upload time for me I
was filming and talking and not filming
right you know I just did a little clip
saying oh my god I got the fog up I'm
sorry about being late by uploaded the
vlog it went live and it turned out the
video was corrupted completely fucked I
had to delete it and reload it again so
now the vlogs still not up and it's like
nearly seven o'clock so I'm even more
sorry but yesterday if you're watching
this video make sure you leave one light
and one comment same time go fuck
yourself out of anyway you decided to
stop and wait for you stand here near
the refugee area oh it doesn't say
refugee it says refuge for folks that
you know when a bowling alley is doing
it right when they have these Suites on
offer oh my days what are these alright
I had to ask if I could go on this board
if I got like some look at all the
people you got football players
obviously lots of famous people
absolutely famous people Drake was even
here but Drake only got 78 you think I
could be Drake 78 that's easily got to
be done
this is in one game right okay I think
we can do this I think this place is so
cool there's only a few private lanes
and then there's actually a place that
you can book out I don't know it's all
American or all these private lanes in
here this is so sick you're like sailors
who come and like take your orders if I
you can get food you can get drinks and
there's a private in that you can hire
out for parties and Scott not your buddy
shocked but I don't want to talk about
it these two mates to get spares on the
first girl you've got one and I got
nothing book club we actually spoke to
them at the front desk about like could
we actually get on the board if I set
high enough score and obviously I just
hit to zero so this game won't count but
they said they gave Ashley young 15
games to try and hit his best score and
then put your score up on the board so
if in my second game I can get a good
score said they might put it up on the
board book what to say no wait wait oh
wait
9999 180 119 so me and Lydia lost
because if we're on the same team
but at least I didn't come technically
last it's got a strike okay so this is
the next game that we're on and I've
said I've gotta get between 120 130 to
get on the leaderboards and they said
they might put me on so 919 let's see if
I can get the next one
so I'm on 97 if I get a strike I get to
go through to next game not get the go I
need to try be over 321 if I don't but
play another game try and get a
leaderboards I'm feeling confident yeah
he felt me straight up what's the one
rule of filming videos you always film
this way you did what I'm supposed to
get
no pressure
no no okay so this time I came first
with 116 113 94 and 77 I would have got
that strike man oh my god
destiny just doesn't want me to be on
that board 116 could get me on the board
I'm gonna go check who I could be
something a dit on the board bought I
did get a 1 million dollar bar and a
piker twizzles because they had that
like American candy stand you ready but
you get OH Laffy Taffy you get nothing
oh you get nothing what awful wait I got
a million dollar bond I don't know why's
the mango bar but we will find out well
the atmosphere in the weather changed
completely we're in there about an hour
and a half or come out perfectly dry
weather very nice and now everyone's got
inside because they want home sweet home
bar and kitchen cakes what the hell am I
looking at it your Chilean wedding cake
cake mega cake
oh my that looks like pieces of shit
okay down chuckling right then it still
looks like pieces of shit upside down
but oh my God look at this Nutella is
the new black everybody in the comments
leave a comment which kq1 and we work
through all of them it's a sugar sugar
fix honey that's always a new blood red
velvet I favor a few of my favorite
things
shit-shit wedding cake honey I rub the
kids pissed off boys to the yard
but and oh it's the weight that should
be Allison one one day benefit milkshake
is milk - ah my milkshake greens alert I
got it
and then down there I have no idea what
my thing is
no idea great next step of the night
beer the beer pong
beer for the drunk McCall style because
she drinks there on time Houston
alcoholic an beats people up
I don't got where's with the summer girl
and also the cooks for the night so good
success its rock'n'roll somehow it's
only 9 o'clock well 10 o'clock at night
and we're starting the beer pong trials
on a Tuesday night because why the fuck
not
are you ready to go down Maggie are you
ready to go down a beat a beat mean bone
I'll beat you at beer pong ok so a
hidden rule of beer pong that we throw
into play is that that team gets to pick
one cook from our white game and if they
might throw it in then we have to do a
shot it's like calling like it like a
hit and shot basically so they managed
to hit it what are we drinking
Jagermeister that's next goodness
we were waiting
good game J fuck yourself
fuck you and fuck you try go on
get down let it go take one team work
good luck we lost it bebo
yeah you find is ready you're going down
boys
going down God it was at this point I
have to kick everybody out
I mean psyche we're all sneaking outside
to the hot tub
I say sneaking is my own house so we can
do whatever I want so we're going out to
a hot tub the pool is open and ready I'm
gonna come over here and find a ginger
wisely base that it is natural habitat
fuckin chillin his cheddar how you doing
oh yeah nice this is how you end your
night super noodles more super noodles
and a 1 million dollar chocolate bar but
nonetheless I think I'm gonna wrap up
tonight now just listen to good Tunes
drinking shit loads of water because
we've been drinking all day soup noodles
and go into bed so guys thank you very
much for watching I hope you enjoyed the
vlog if you have the light green
subscribe I'm sorry about yesterday's
blog being late really really apologize
I'm gigabyte Lucinda choose and drive it
out so until that
