new dawn it's a new day and oh my gosh
is it nice in England right now look at
this we've got the part of your
furniture out we got the sun's out the
cars out I'm not too sure why my
sister's is here but she may be visiting
me I guess Oh suits you sir sir it's you
driving around in the roof top off Hey
where've you been all day Geoffrey I've
been worried Jeff's managed to do that
all day ad meanwhile I've only just woke
up so how could Maori world how would
you look at this I got the rest of my
furniture so this other way out looks
now this looks really damn good so we've
got one here we got one over there and
one much in there now so we've got like
it's all laid out dead cool and me check
yet oh it's not like a nice little
relaxing section of the year of the
house you can enjoy the Sun from over
there from over here from over there and
then what I'm planning is getting like a
really big long table but I'll probably
sit like ten people across there so
should and the problem is when it rains
and it'll go into like panic mode
station and I need to get all the
cushions off because I'm pretty sure
they're not fully waterproof but
nonetheless that look he might you find
my friend
look he might be fine yeah fucking
chuckling you bought me that as a
present a what or what yes thought
everywhere fucking okay okay so my
mother's turned up at my house and she's
telling me she's got my birthday present
because when I was out at America she
didn't quite give him my gift so she's
got my birthday present she's coming to
see me now to give it to me and we're
gonna go find out what it is I have
absolutely no idea what it could
possibly be
hello I'm gonna minute how come he gets
the brand-new shirt design I don't who's
the boss here
wait there's no McDonald's we are
devastated mom hopes out you want a
scale of 1 to 9 we shall go to Brit we
came here for a McFlurry er a mobile
with son drive and it's bollocks and
pull the other eye straight quickly it's
a lot of bollocks hey you too late you'd
already sworn a camera not me
no no I want to look for it you sold me
a McFlurry also must shout out to
Oakland worthy custom syndicate glasses
oh just to clarify I'm not sponsored by
them they just gave him as a gift thanks
goodness I'm nervous I'm nervous my
mum's getting me out my birthday present
I knew it was a photo I could tell it
was a frame oh my god what is this what
no way
spider-man feel the wrath of the
sinister syndicate doh
where'd you get this from an actual
foreign comic d hey you have five you
did good kid you did good that's an
amazing birthday present Thank You
Geoffrey paint paint me like one of your
french girls do it do you like me now do
you like me now well I gotta go we're
gonna take some dope pose Geoffrey's
doing a photo shoot in my house like a
joke I'm wearing this hat to go out and
bought me and Jeffrey a going in style
we're gonna go to a pub jam it out for
drink I'm rolling on the corner and
Jeffrey's riding on the bad boy I feel
about this like a fucking farmer I love
you know I'm stuck with a goddamn farm
is hot now cuz you took the other one
back it was it matter who wears it
better wait why'd you get so big you're
mostly farmer oh no you don't lean it
one way good up at least straight right
now it's about Oh like Bon Jovi for some
reason that weirdly suits you turn
sideways yep it perfectly suits you I'm
just going man man you can carry that
hair wearing sunglasses at the
inappropriate time of day but
nonetheless scored goals is anything
we've got Ken on his bad boy you've got
me on my boy and Jeff you don't look
like one I will if anything I look like
a tourist
anat wha wearing a farmer's hand
it's literally not fast in my house so
you'll survive yeah and Jeffrey dam
Jeffrey damn Jeffrey's back at it again
with a nice bike we take a left-right
bong whosoever Herrick says just like ya
wearing a farmers holidays not like
completely impressive but I'm exhausted
from doing that small small ride back
from the pub and having some food book
I'll just say like a a meal therefore
that's why I'm exhausted but Tom's new
drivers round to go to the the dominoes
place because I found out who actually
ordered the food from my house it's like
I said gonna go cover the bill the lads
gonna pay me it just annoyed me about
this entire situation not the Domino's
driver was like stood at my door
demanding I paid him with money that I
didn't have so I managed to get the
money out gonna go sort it out because
the manager was dead killed the driver
was just the driver just and all that
completely way way out of proportion so
we're gonna go pay the Domino's guy
the manager sort out the bill there and
we should be all good hopefully the
local derivative company still like us
and don't like deliver again again the
manager super cool dude the driver
threatening to sue someone because they
didn't pay for an audit is in place it
makes no sense to me and there you go
give me the money for it getting a
receipt for it even the money just said
it was a ridiculous situation shouldn't
have done it but there we go we paid the
bill drama solved he go the manager was
super fucking cool he apologized for his
employee we just like it was way out of
order hooked me up with a pizzas and
food and just said like that should have
happened we owed money we paid the money
that's as simple as that look he said
the driver was way out of line
for everyone wondering he didn't get
fired he got an official warning because
you're not supposed to were text the
people and say you're gonna sue him so
for everyone who's saying I was out of
line even the manager said himself I
wasn't so appreciate some of the tenants
Domino's for being cool as fuck boys
there we go
problem sorted having beautiful pizza
right now Tommy a truck a peaky blinders
a picket where is it I need to read
Knight like fake knives into the rim no
huh I don't I don't get that the core
peaky blinders but then in the show
you're blind like two people going
through everything again like what I've
got my bloody game boys over here with
people gave me got AIDS venture a
DeLorean there's a Nintendo DS in there
so in that someone actually gave me
which is crate
I don't even see you Gabri they just put
in the bag of stuff guinness box pokemon
cards but we just found more on the
collection i've now just added this
zombie security guard which is cool as
blue and then this pac-man one is
actually also popular this is an
official pop figure so this now gets
added to the collection again so we've
got even more Plus this Deadpool one
I've got the red version of this so I'm
going to put this one up in my office as
well
Tom's kind of like mind blown by the
amount of stuff I got on here it's a lot
a lot of stuff man it's a lot of nice
stuff but obviously the best thing we've
got given without a doubt was the bug I
completely broke my laptop fuck I broke
the laptop marriage to fall asleep on
the sofa woke up went to bed and that
was pretty much my night and yeah I woke
up today at 3 o'clock in the afternoon I
don't know how I keep doing this to
myself but I do but nonetheless I'm
gonna end today's vlog but first of all
I'll show you the weather there's a
beautiful paradise in England today and
I spent all day of it indoors because
hopefully I'm gonna start the let's play
of no man's sky so if you guys looking
forward to this and we leave a like
rating leave a comment saying come it's
not no man's sky it's Tom sky like I'm
saying TomSka but nonetheless guys I'm
gonna wrap up today's mob to make sure
you leave a like rate subscribe I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the new
daily vlog which will be heading down to
insomnia from tomorrow no to love in the
next day's vlog the next day's vlog
after that because Mars vlog is today
right
