all right we're starting today off in a
mud and I panic rush it's simple because
I'm going down to London and woke up out
a better like how past one then that
turned over into like two o'clock and my
trains at three o'clock so it attacks it
hits the train station now go go go go
go usually it's my dad who's driving me
there right now but I don't even think
he knows I'm even still in Manchester I
think it's probably on the train by now
so down if you're watching this I'm late
again well all the ticket machines are
broke their ticket machines are broke so
apparently you just get on the train and
show me a reference number and you're
good to go so in that case I could just
get on and be like my code is 1712 1337
station with 20 minutes to kill oh well
I made it off the train is busiest fuck
to the football game but it's time to
rock and roll student and of course it
is typically rainy and miserable in
England well that was awesome managed to
get off the train
really fast 4G in London so I loaded my
vlog like sweet got 40 minutes before it
needs to be live and then entire line
school of people might want passages to
pose with everyone really nice to be all
it was a pleasure if you're watching
this vlog and you know who you are
thank you terrible and everyone in was
just like we don't know what to do even
though it is typical England so on to
the hotel it's weather like this that
makes people in England depressed this
is why everyone looks pissed off in life
if it was just Sonia all the time no one
would be upset there'd be nothing to
complain about but instead ring made it
to the hotel I got a - plane trip yeah
that's definitely bigger than that one I
go double and single very nice and watch
I was like why is it smell like ass and
it doesn't smell like ass it stinks of
weed so let's start it off push the
bible's let's do a tour this is my hotel
pop up up up up TV bed but that's pretty
much it we go over here to the bathroom
there's a what the fuck is that
what what what are you bend it into it
it's a nice photo nice bear that's bad
that's toilet nothing too crazy nothing
too crazy let's take a look at the view
and see what we can see what do we got
what do we got what do we got what do we
got
come on
we go okay wait what Oh what the fuck
knows okay we have an office a rooftop
and some rain not bad and I think I can
see out of 10 I would give this hotel
the lobby downstairs is nice but if
we're just going off rooms and stuff
like that
I probably give this about 5.5 my bike
tom that's pretty harsh know what let's
just wear things probably the smell of
weed walking straight and put me off
like the actual tits my god damn I ain't
in board I mean I know board my iron is
a fucking transform okay it's got
headlights what is this about all right
so we've got stinky socks spoiled Oh
what spoiled milk moldy cheese canned
dog food rotten egg burger dead fish
pspace lawn clippings sick and then back
stinky sock try yoga come on I'm back
with the Spanish ladies by the way high
fives high fives ye right you're off you
got this you got this please be spoiled
milk
oh wait what's that canned dog food no
just uh no it's that one come on come on
come on now you can do this I want to
try you oh it does smell
now we're joined with Craig now I'm
gonna film you spinning it
I've probably saved you from a bad one
going got this Oh what the hell what is
it what is it spoiled milk swirled milk
which one yes
this oh good I'm good that way no more
yellow that one that one in the corner
that is that one no more yellow for that
one yeah okay easy nice is it nice it's
nice what is it
oh it is actually spawn mill this is a
fucked-up game yeah thanks for joining
us man thanks fucking legend thank God I
walked into this lift and there was no
on there while I was doing my volume
because I always see is this some guy
walk out with a camera like I'm going
fucking insane haha oh yeah so now I'm
going out for some food I think because
currently run the comments one cup
upholstery is apparently a really
popular place full of restaurants so
because the spiders are in town we might
go to a Spanish restaurant just to keep
them happy but the same time we mentor
out to a bar so we'll see what the fuck
happens I think I'm looking fresh if you
like I don't think I'm looking fresh
it's really black waiting oh my days I
think I found my most favorite shop in
the world
Casa Manolo is this Spanish what does it
say
does it mean Manuel look at this oh I'm
totally going in getting some of this oh
my gosh yes yes yes yes yes yes this is
the best restaurant or takeaway place
I've ever seen in my life look at this
oh so manly tell me you're not turned on
right now
no that's why I don't even like wine
just so much meat meaning that what are
you ordering you're like a wild sex I
love wild sex right now
high-five that's badass my
so we managed to make it into a Spanish
restaurant with the two spanish girls
really gonna come all the way to England
and you eat Spanish food in England it's
the same Masha Allah
gracias okay so there's us thinking holy
shit we thought you gave us for free we
were like oh what a great restaurant and
now we have to pay for it sure there's
the corner there's the con right there
yeah when he drinks a some very spicy
shit yeah yeah so this was a nas but we
said we'll keep it with it how hot is
this I'm swayed you got this man the
walls on the way on the same thing he
got some chicken tacos over here looking
mighty god damn fine and crispy we go I
don't know this in case it is no chicken
taco one chicken tacos and I've got even
more chicken tacos for me for myself so
we'll wait for that boots coming and
then we're digging this is a lot of
fucking food oh my god what have we done
yeah she uh
what do you know like sorry this is so
much beauties ridiculous these are the
most amazing toilets I have ever seen in
my life
oh my words when we turn up in the next
Club there's yeah again your tits on the
ceiling and there's no surprise I didn't
end yesterday's vlog yesterday I'm going
to end it now when I've got my
microphone on because I am at legends of
gaming live which is gonna be in
tomorrow's blogs or hope you guys look
forward to that it was a pleasure if
you're watching this today that means
it's six o'clock UK time at this event
which it finished was very nice to me
all of you the meet and greet went great
today you're all really really kind and
really fuckin crazy cool I know they
would like very strong words ever
honestly it's just every time I do mean
greets a pleasure to meet Harvey so I'd
rather soak was active on stage now I
got a microphone rage rock and roll so
until tomorrow thank you very much
watching make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe and I'll see you guys
next time it's 6 p.m. UK time tomorrow
adios
