I just woke up just pulled off my drive
and as I've just pulled off my drive my
granddad didn't notice that I managed to
leave the house
and he be there so watch now currently
looking at my house wondering why my
gates are open and if I'm in or if I'm
not in or what the hell's going on so
let's go into look he's looking at what
time it is
look oh now he's fighting me now he's 5e
what is he doing door a my private road
so I can film what are you doing have
you been well I been you didn't notice
it just drove out the gates you drove
out reggae yeah pasture near or man when
I load Randy with you today
I failed I'm not wearing this in the
carriage and on top I'm wearing a
gangster Yoda and look who I'm joyed
bird and he's wearing a sin to get rich
on top so at least we're representing at
least we're representing and today me
and Cara like we're going to spend a day
together ah half and what is left of the
day but what we're gonna go and do today
mini golf we literally only just walked
into Giavotella web bus were on the
escalator and he recognized he was like
right mate was like if I get back on the
other Escalade gonna get it fought with
you at the top so said yeah and he's on
his way up there you don't even know Cal
it better be open if it's not I'm gonna
cry oh we made it to the trumpets I love
this place it's like my favorite place
to go we're not going playing laser
Quest not quite not quite we're going
playing crazy God watch yourself I you
what you just got a hold all right to be
fair it was only from there to there she
bet we asked this woman at the front
like who's gonna win and she bet Cal
yeah this is gonna take at least take
that whore away why is he Wendell
this is at least gonna take me six goes
happy gilmore right no don't don't don't
you can do it all mate mate no yes so it
actually took me four girls on that turn
now it's time to show you how it's
fucking doing Matt
no it wasn't Cal this is about to be a
hole-in-one watch this shit you know
what I'm gonna do watch this no why is
it no no where's my neck look sober mmm
good off yeah I totally want to climb up
into this they'll never know I was here
I could survive off the Mac Dawn's
around the corner and I could just live
in this hot for the rent yeah man I
could fit through that is it is it
sturdy at least let us get to the 17th
hole before we get kicked out no do it
on the way back
God Kai you're ruthless all right come
on I want to see you get a hole-in-one
oh yeah the set comes down with pants
fucking guys Mac come on then let's see
you doing that and that took me through
took him to come on let's see it fucking
let's see it fatty hole-in-one girl see
this shit I believe I believe in the
know take the outer advance incoming oh
there's a hole in one for me oh shit
come on now that's what you're for took
me it took me to it when hot went down
mate no one cares about doll for my
channel
lazy gone cold it's crazy God wait look
I'm gonna try and kick this into oh shit
I already failed try and get it through
the sneaky hole I'll tell you what
though trying gets really cool all right
let's see what about now
come on try to get this is what yeah
you're going five a bet you can get this
in what are you gonna try and get the
sneaky whole eyeball going I am what
that's you can't not get it in come on
fiber friendly friendly friendly pound
okay go on
if you mess this up oh my god what good
will quit we are at the halfway stage of
the game as it currently stands Karl is
on 20 points I'm on 26 okay what the
hell is with a speed in Egypt whoa whoa
whoa whoa okay not bad not bad
these guys are catching up to us because
we're going that slow time to show you
how it's fucking done this is called the
pamaj noscope watch watch watch watch
haami well more efficient than yours
don't even know what you're talking
about
no pressure Cal no pressure no prep Oh
precious Oh what is that cow let's drop
the club and walked away
hold this shot my friend
okay that's what you're saying
oh is that what it yeah don't talk trash
run again boys you know for a backwards
Fahad you ready oh my god Oh is he gone
where's it gone oh oh how did you do
that how did you just do that I don't
but all right I don't it landed there
that's mine that's my ball right
right so start again yeah cuts in the
gun in the mouth shot take to you know
seriously dude you got like two takes
once you were looking rolling and I got
it here dude I know it kids
haha as it stands cars beating me I
don't want the scores but I think he's
being me by like five what's the bet if
you get this in one yeah yeah you gotta
lose your eyes okay let's do this
another pound bet on the line okay cows
found the little sneaky halt can he get
it in can he get it in always he's got
it in it's in the hole it's down it's
down you win your pound back tell me I
lost the game and I lost my pound so
it's now time to see if we can win on
the 19th of get a hole in one you get
free game rings nope but what they don't
know is that we managed to acquire a
sneaky second ball on the way around so
we get an extra go all right as it stood
he beat me by a caddy math 77 good game
the plan of action is me and Cal are
gonna go and watch finding Dory in 2d I
don't know why 3ds a thing but it is but
we're gonna go watch find Dorian to date
and but before then we're going getting
your sushi these guys are following me
I'm throwing you in a block immediately
these guys went got a ticket to go watch
a film and then that guy with a hat on
saw me and he literally stopped in his
tracks and was like like that fuck
Kirstin the guy was like yes I am
syndicate sell pleasure to me I don't
know what are you okay being in the one
you're in it now I'm throwing you in it
so there you go mmm-hmm I am so ready
for this food dude you have no idea I'm
like shaking Li hungry so much variation
this is awesome okay what do we feel all
right I think I'm gonna go with one of
them pots to start me off this was like
a seaweed wrap look very nice with some
rice but it's a bit bit chewy with a
seaweed wrap so I left that put some
popcorn chicken over here Oh popcorn
shrimp sorry what's this
wrong Cody by Fri you buy fro keep spicy
shrimp i'ma pop up next your sushi very
nice cow thank you for dinner
you're a good man I love you okay you
win
do we pet do we have to pay to play do
you have to pay to play no so all I've
got to do I get one knife go to try and
get it in where can you hold it whilst I
do this 100 right you ready so if it
pops out I get some free off Cal Carl's
your go come on come you got this car
you get free stuff mate you lost the get
don't throw you in the vlog yeah there
you go you're in the vlog thank you very
much watching the videos I appreciate
that it has been so dumb supposed to be
unlike a healthy thing I'm not drinking
fizzy drinks for a month and I wasn't
gonna eat sweets but we're at cinema so
no fizzy drinks but I'm gonna get wait
there's only one thing I get are you
having a laugh that was the one thing I
get mini shrubby again a pick-and-mix in
a fuck this place is there any more no
no no fuck I'm like complaining to care
over there being like there's no
strawberry cables there's no strawberry
balls this Cara oh yeah I'm complaining
like this is not it look at this she's
just too exhausted with even more you
are the angels of my life right now
thank you I love you now I am extremely
happy I'm gonna take all of them you're
going too far what are you getting three
three scoops Sunday listen
who needs ice cream when you have
belgium waffles oh my god we got the
candy got the Watauga is it coke got
water ice cream and waffles we're out of
seeing finding dory it was such a good
film like really like sad really really
sad he gave it 7.5 I'd probably like 7
point 5 to 8 like out it was good the
stur line was good the best character by
far writes down was Hank I was gonna say
Fred Hank the squid if you haven't
watched it just go and watch it for the
skirt alone he should have his own
movies so fucking good fighting Dory
goes all emotional Cal I love you to
pieces alright we're saying goodbye for
like we did just we did that wasn't we
did just say goodbye but we're saying
again now just for the video and there
was a police officer that drove by me
so hey you go home download battlefield
1 let me know when it's done and then
we'll play alright fucking game well
Susie got my lunch set up I need to get
my lunch up during when that's done
you'll be running game that load so
somehow somehow I ended back at the
Trafford Centre with the ginger beast
that is Wesley be aluminium Becky quick
hold on they managed to drag me back out
Hickman you're the best
she given birth at that woman yeah what
is it boy it's all shit
no fucking way really tell me Brianna
you're never gonna see this book ok this
maybe looks a little bit better than
your sushi no offense Karl but it looks
really really good
that doesn't look good I'm sorry where's
you're losing you're gone we're seeing
what where's Abbie Scott the same thing
it's spicy
yeah I'm just sticking with us look at
that a TD tea stained egg been ass I
have no idea what's going on here but we
turned up and we've joined with Samuel
Samuel hello sir join with Tom and Tom
again and I didn't know but we pulled up
to this like a pike to find him
where's the fucking wind over there it
doesn't all fuck off everyone's talked
about on the comments so we're here but
we didn't realise but this is like a
cruise we're all like the cars like pull
up and say hello and everything like
these guys cruising passing their
Volkswagen Polo
but yeah everyone is like like 20 cars
packed about all like like fast and
furious though they don't like
impressive cars or anything but
apparently they keep drifting past there
so and we wait for someone to Tokyo
Drift round here and hopefully gosh
catch them rushing on camera and
hopefully being okay but that would be
interesting okay it's not fair look what
they have they have a doughnut roulette
machine have a fucking roulette machine
bro my foot
I'll give you 5 quid to open it up just
so I can spin the roulette with you man
that's well not fair they closed 20
minutes early I cry every time we won
Joe Nagy like we're a drive-through and
the queue goes all the way around the
corner and it's midnight where's what
the fuck are we doing with our life I'm
done put what are we doing I like that
what are we get to next if you don't
fucking know if I'm gonna slash your
tires
original glazed we're not gonna leave a
hot wok terminar no cover just to be
free of the original glazed end and free
replica lays raspberry oh my god where's
violated yeah please absolutely
delicious
ah 110% totally fuckin warm and dinner
end yesterday's vlog yet so I'm doing it
now awesome of the trains they issued
all my stuff the train machines are
broken so you'll have to find out
tomorrow's but whether or not I actually
managed to make it down to London for
legends of gaming live so I will see you
guys that that event should be awesome
I've got my water
I've got mail please and I have my
sausage party so tomorrow make sure you
like right let's see if we can hear a
whole 11 migraines I think we can do it
maybe we've got 24 hours to do it so if
we could've let's do it till tomorrow I
got you guys that I do
