good morning welcome to windy day I came
down here for ice cream nothing else
literally came down for two ice creams
for me my dad I fucking forgot it and
spent 17 pounds if these things are a
date which I'm assuming they're like
three years old so yeah they are I'm
gonna draw and do some cooking today I'm
gonna cook myself a chicken breast
inspired by some yesterday through net
yeah me yeah then we doing cock it out
all right good day good day son you
chill out my friend you do that yeah I
think I'm going to cook without the
chicken breast because I just feel like
it I make some pepper one so I'm just
gonna like scran a load of just salt on
it for their lighter fucknuts I have a
clue what I'm doing anymore
I don't know gonna cut this into pieces
sprinkle on some garlic and pepper
roasted and then some black and white
pepper but it's not gonna be like chili
and all those stuff I usually have but
it's to be nice and salt and pepper and
just nice crunchy snack I say crunchy
but it's chicken so it's not a bit
crunchy the chicken up season the
chicken the chicken is looking pretty
good I don't know if it's ten minutes so
you cook it for up until it goes white
but I'm just cooking it so it goes white
and they pay no salmonella but Nick the
dick you might be proud of me because I
was like how does chefs keep washing the
hands and drying them all the time and I
realized the always have a thing by the
side so now I wash and just dry there I
cook for that long in this house that
I'm like what the fuck is even in this
cupboard and I look and I'm like oh
Nando sauce that looks pretty disgusting
and out-of-date which it is definitely
out there and I got him like wait a
minute what the hell is this Oh a
reduced
mild sauce way we had a game and I cook
this chicken perfectly check this up so
that was the biggest piece there
just put it in half perfectly white bra
perfectly white I'm just good do it a
little bit longer just to be safe
because I do not want that's our Monello
don't no no no no no and then we should
be good to go and they should taste
pretty pockets would this is my favorite
thing to do I know it's stupid but I
love it yeah oh that wasn't that
impressive I like faking a lot to scheme
to come off it god damn it maybe there
oh I know this is probably really bad
for your parents but I love doing good
it makes me nothing
may I must have cooked it good because
usually when I cooked my dad's like keep
that shit away from me but I asked me
for way to try it I tried it and I was
like you want somebody was like yeah
sure he never usually takes my cooked
food off me fuck
now it's your poisonous I came for a
beer and I found this random man sat
outside in the last bit of Sun man you
can tell I got lot of you in the genes
of just whenever there's some Sun just
to sit out in it until it disappears I
don't know if you guys remember but a
long time ago like maybe like a month
ago I was blogging outside here and I
showed an amazing tattoo on Shawn's arm
and Shaun's approaching now and I showed
the tattoo artist and this is Shawn and
this is the incredible tattoo artist
career wait what sighs fresh is anything
just now just done Oh
oh my god how long did that take
okay you're a champion wait which ones
you got then and yeah I wouldn't expect
you that is amazing I know leave your
Instagram if everyone's check out this
is just so fucking cool
well you can't see shit all in this
light but cheers Ken cheers to good open
happiness also easy in dork and where's
let me turn my talk John where's the
ginger beast has cooked me Pollock
fucking perfect I have no idea what this
is but the sauce is delicious have
enough well supposed to be Duke
at least mine's not alive all right Oh
balls of me but that's Reds oh it
finally happens hey good luck good luck
know where I am the women oh yeah go
fuck yourself we've only just died I'm
next gonna film
whoever wins and whoever loses you got
me versus care okay dad and then we got
me
it's currently standing my dad has one
two three four five six seven balls I
have four therefore I am winning great
success is very nice oh shit what's up
again Kent a kg coastal okay dad what
just happened what is happened I beat
you for the first time in a long time
if fuck yourself as weird as this is
this is the the town closest to my
village this is also known as hide is it
about the digging all is so about to
ding this is the town hall so it's like
such a nice place it's such a nice place
and I've lived in my entire life and it
gets such a bad rep sometimes it sucks
like embers like I just got makes
college hanging around it's just like
yeah they get that anyway but like it is
so nice to be out in my local area and
like we went to the we went to the
biking hounds which is near the bus
station so if you ever get enough person
hired you'll see the bike now is right
there go to it's a great book the people
they were amazing but I mean my dad are
waiting for this clock tower Marty we're
gonna do where is it 85 miles per hour
88 miles per hour custom furious what's
the speed yesterday Marty we're gonna do
oh oh shit what up
we're raving this kind of cars like this
my dad wait for the base wait what
happens are twelve strokes is that was
it o-o you got a dad Jenny oh you gotta
move you stunts every time really no you
gotta move on the beat you're like
lagging you're right
IRL wait wait oh we got to do this 12
times by the way wait Ken what we can't
time the shout out this retired can we
try it come on we gotta go I can't get I
call it Ken in public just for the
sacred calling Ken because trust me
there's been several times I've been in
a pub or a club and I'm like dad no dad
and shouting data you heard him say that
when you shout dad it just doesn't work
no but he's a person at the center this
is the one mentality people will never
understand about like certain people
it's like if you call you family members
by the real name and was so
disrespectful
no their acts are just a real person ken
are you a real person no honestly but
like I'll be like like dad dad dad dad
dad dad amore it won't listen to me I go
Ken he's like yes like go fuck yourself
Ken thank you but now apparently you're
running home go fuck yourself I'll catch
the fucking boss and obviously as
tradition stands I forgot to end
yesterday's vlog yesterday because me my
dad jogged home at like 1 o'clock in the
morning after going out drinking alright
so honestly grey now and my dad or my
brother really really enjoyed
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog anyway
everyone seems a little family being in
it and everyone keeps recognizing my dad
in public like if his allies bike it was
out in like a poor person trot hour a
show everyone keeps throwing up to
recognize him so by all means go to him
say hello take a photo with him and tell
him he's a fucking legend so until
tomorrow guys I'll see you then so thank
you very much for watching I'll catch
you guys then I pretty sure I said the
same thing twice then but that's just
life so until then adios
Bassam
