well well well if you guys are watching
this video right now that means it's my
one-year anniversary of daily vlogging I
started on the 19th of August 2015 and
that was 2016 19th of August so I just
want to say a massive thank you to
everyone who's watched I will try and
put something special together I've like
a clip it's of all the videos throughout
the year I kinda did it for my two
million subscriber celebration but
there's still some more dates I can add
onto that video make it a whole like
year in review so thank you so much
everyone for watching and I'm gonna be
doing the big Manchester meetup today
hopefully that goes really smooth which
will be in tomorrow's vlog so I just
want to say from the highlight thank you
for giving me this opportunity thank you
for watching the vlog thank you for like
supporting them thank you to everyone
who never knew who I was in the past and
just came over I was like yo that
vlogging god I'm like yes rather than
your like gaming guys so just thank you
for allowing me to do something
different and let me do what I enjoy and
love sir without you guys none of this
would be possible so once again thank
you so much
he's to a second year of daily vlogging
and see what we can achieve we got some
crazy stuff planned in the start of this
new year already and yeah it should be
awesome so until then thank you very
much enjoy today's vlog hello
oh no no good morning Lanza what the
 is this can't see Phillip no
this conversation this time in morning 9
acceptable tech I've had enough of
people hiding my shoes get the shoe damn
it
this is why I don't like gingers mud
well we want to be sure now in our be
the maiden of the mist the fog rolls in
the booty comes swinging I'm waiting for
the showers to get clean before I can go
and use them it doesn't quite make sense
I feel like I shouldn't use the shower
plastic oh no that just sounds weird why
are you trying to buy imaginary dogs off
children because it's a bargain hey you
guys selling dogs she's run off tried it
but she's selling us a dog no just a
prank bro just bring
there it is LUNs and five miles away
you got this Nicholas you've got me down
a hill star for a video Oh
holy the rental company it was what
that's why it's fun we made it to donut
head the most novel point like
everyone's like John O'Groats but that's
just a cute version of it donut head is
the proper one now we're going down to
London right now and again the weather
is not negotiable there's only one
person to blame ah oh my days there's so
many people coming to London sheesh
there's no way this many people went to
John O'Groats as well no way no way
looking heck I managed to make it to
lands and what's really cool is I've
opted to these guys that above did to
all these guys know what's interesting
is this girl and that guy over there
they drove four and a half hours from
Bristol where we did yesterday's me up
to come and see me so thank you for
driving all this wait Stella and Taryn
else thank you
well this is very different from John
O'Groats this is the most touristy thing
I think I could possibly have seen then
we have to get a ticket just to go and
see the post and I don't know where Jeff
is so oh you're that I was wondering I
was just about side or my Jeffers dude
how weird is it so tourists here it
crazy so within the journal groves and
it was like just a hell for the pose I
know here yeah right the most boring
usual Phil I knows there's a 4d cinema
over there I'll give it a shot wish that
use a shorter shoot
well it's Shaun the Sheep um I'm enough
I'm not paying about John sheep but
guess what hits the post rancor wall
yeah
what is Basti time I don't even like
them the three musketeers appear from
having their Cornish pasty I have no
idea what deck is doing in the
background but hey yo you want to go and
hijack a helicopter I'm sure we could
I'm sure we could Hotwire it like that
MLG skillz man you never played
backwards oh my goodness to require a
lot of people taking photos with a sign
I'm not sure if we have to pay stick
over that or not I'm trying to okay Nick
yeah
oh there is I spot the one ginger in the
crowd all right I got gift of someone
you got no idea I'm really scared you
know what it is oh this is a gift of
someone to kind of give to you
that's are you proud of it I love it
thank you guys alekhya
hey there it is if we decide we made it
you've only made it halfway huh and you
made haven't really made it halfway but
nonetheless we made it today that's okay
to go over there and I put a thing on it
and like touch the post which I think
one a day dude we done I think the
country to the bomb yeah but we haven't
quite made it so we have to go and touch
that we have to go and touch that post
we got bioterror to go to touch the post
we're not plus man but not least we have
a wild toy losing from photo oh snap
razor go and there you go we made it all
the way to the end I touched the post
sweetness Botha is the post well that's
obviously not the most of employment
like somewhere down there is but
nonetheless we've made it you can see
everything and it looks absolutely
beautiful you can actually see it I'm
rather impressed right now so what we're
gonna do is walk down to that which is
the most southern pub in the UK I'm
gonna get like you bloody lie to me Nick
oh it's not a pub it's a home it's a
house just to hold it onto me one tea
and ice cream
I reported hell I'd say what it could be
a pub we could split this this alcohol
this kid gave me the crushing there
could be a nightclub have a look at
that's had a hook
hello there we finally meet you again
yeah this step definitely not a pub so I
was smart and got a good gift which is a
mug that says Lands End on it any actual
traffic cool you decided to get what got
my to you but listen
kill me now oh wow go do bad
what is that we're lying we found the
other end of the end-to-end errs yeah
we're here we made from them and from
there we did this is one way we did said
we did will be going from there to there
but we went all the way around in a
detour over back down and round and now
we're we going we're gonna go see yeah
the most southerly point cuz we have
yeah yep we got here yep I'm gonna smoke
the run pattern perfect biggie do this
what do you get oh you did actually get
is that the noisy one to the collection
it goes on just a little bit longer than
you want it to so like you want it
stopped now I think oh yeah neck kill me
deck yes care to explain why on your
laptop there's an anime boob just
sticking out if you know you know
supreme supreme genuinely
can't believe the amount of people here
to check it out we've got so lucky that
with the weather doesn't where it was
really about to be ruined for as an it
just was like Bob Ross saved GG's and
here we are we have made it to lizard
point beautiful scenery lizard well
actually it raises logos a snake so no
you can't claim this your deck what are
you doing I'm scared over the fall whoa
I feel highs well that's not the scary
part the scary Pines like down there
you've all fear of heights where you're
standing next to a corner I'm sitting
next ruckus you're my anger so mean
genuinely scared man see okay as your
heart light racing you know oh my god oh
oh you guys are so mean bomb me
and Jeff for true friends we just stand
on the edge of cool ass places look at
rocks did you look at that rock one
second ago you're just scared of falling
over now there's like a rock cliff
behind you you don't even care does my
mom you don't even seem bothered about
being close to the edge now yeah because
I can survive this what you think you
can survive ah what's that
I like how you're putting this into
perspective and you can survive that
what to be fair to be fair you probably
would survive that you'd just be very
hurt the other drag from your baby fine
I'd go in again I mean like actually go
down here I think you kind of come oh
yeah you can go down there and then down
there but we can't I don't need to Wow
my gosh look at those seals look at them
you see them see them that's well cool
look how they came to say hi there like
there's a bald guy here it must be part
of our species you're pulling through
you know you scared them off where they
gone oh it's just staring ours they're
just chilling whatever
hello these seals being so close or
impressive we went under but no there's
a wild ginger dude you're making that
noise and i legit thought it was one of
those birds over there I couldn't see
yeah that's so crazy how close they are
just chilling hello
someone like when I was whoa dude you
remember when I was a general gross I
saw one there yeah I saw one there like
look how much closer following this same
one so for you it's one literally
knocking around just a little stroke oh
right was to go for deck deck look look
look look holy hey you can right
light it like stare down sort of thing
oh my god please go get closer deck
dad's yeah I definitely in a position of
getting so wet through right now but I
wonder if we can get like a really nice
you know I could have to flash your -
come in it's done together how long it
takes have a splash that little bit no
but really come on no scratch today but
wait a second on then bring on yeah
whatever that's what you call squad
girls right here we got Jeffrey on the
program you've got me on the potato
camera you've got you just being you
camera the ginger camp and then we've
got Nick broken and Ruth just being a
dick
we've Jeff really low walls to take your
pot Nicholas what do you do
did you try me this is this is just like
the lazy weirdest group of people a
professional photographer an idiot he
has no idea what he's doing
and then a nick under me 342 miles our
next destination Nick hit that clutch
mentor for the way why you to be
watching my blog aha Oh
MLG fans right now it's okay well I'm
sure enjoy the vlog all right and let me
know what you think about here the
Esparza way where there's a scandal
there's a scandal what it's a scandal
mix just admitted not do you wanna say
don't be the one fella blog though nick
is not subscribed but the funny Nicholas
the Proclus sure I'll do it keep
watching
ecology budgeter enjoy what the is
going on in this front see you're live
streaming Nicholas thank you for letters
into your house right now these are the
introduces who's this this is alpha is
it either 3 lb Springer I said bring it
up I love the ears I know look at he's
oh it was that excited I piss on the
floor and then this and this old bugger
this is some so can't you hold this one
7 and then what's this hit on fine cat
that's fitzy fitzy fitzy fitzy fitzy
hello Bitsey hello hello nice car very
nice cat I like you you're good cat you
can stay you can this dog is literally
guilt-tripping me right now into picking
this up
thank you one this you're this but go
stoked it is now go get it that done
literally guilt-tripped me into picking
that up
wait now put it down let's see if it
guilt trips me again oh no no it now
it's starless wait what what is
happening with you guys what is this do
come from this ginger cache like almonds
gonna knock over her and whoever this I
think I don't know what's going on oh
look now the dog looks depressed again
are you eight watch watch watch look
it's all oh there you go
okay Nicholas we've been surviving I've
come for food and all that sort of stuff
I have to say that you've outdone
yourself with this meal right we didn't
find this room in the camera no I
me Nick I am very impressed I cannot
wait to review Jeff how was your meal
I'm sorry you're finished already
yeah out of time Oh me being here don't
be obviously if you think it's a six no
no it's a sex let's not say it's
definitely I would say my god
if I eat the mushroom it I could push it
over the top but so you cared a 10-10
gave you a ten is the best thing I've
had in the UK since I'm gonna holy
yeah not so much of an accolade given
that he's like dimming fish and chips
you've gone down you know Irish beef is
it had nothing to do with okay I'll give
a nine because well you shot yourself
you got a nine go yourself reason
why I give it a 9 is be a nothing to do
with him making it has to do it just
Irish beef is like my favorite out here
Oh cuz I don't need it I only eat Irish
beef from here it's a little giving it a
load it to a nun that's kind of rude but
sure that food was a murder
absolutely enjoyed it I give it a to be
fair if I had to rate it something I'm
gonna give it an eight point eight all
could number by I'm given an eight point
eight he gave it a nine what you give me
so I know yeah I don't know why but I'm
when I'm going for that that is next to
mushrooms before that like bum ba-bum
ba-bum tasty and that mushroom is
laughing a little I know trust me trust
me kitchen cooking this I've rated
Nick's food
Nick's food before trust me I'm Gabe so
we started this restaurant tender then
there's home cook ten yeah and then it's
like McDonald's ten yeah
fast food tens I mean Dane there you go
oh yeah I give it give an eight point
nine point nine hour time then that I'm
no gentleman because I lost me up to do
tomorrow and that's gonna be the end of
the trip so I'm gonna end the vlog now
you guys get to do my outro
you gotta tell people to make sure
doesn't like the video subscribe you see
you tomorrow at 6 o'clock Ghost Box Lake
just said one word yeah one more break
late I'm gonna just and wipe the video
and subscribe and like the video and
subscribe again and then see you
tomorrow see you tomorrow in Manchester
at 4 p.m. this will be after the meal
yeah well I may go back there I am today
I have $2.00 at 6 p.m.
Tommy I come back tomorrow p.m. looking
ready - yeah
