what the fuck I begged for 3510 and I
get five five fuck feeling pretty good I
just did a really tin hat commentary my
blood what does that mean to base that
means I'm paranoid look how long it is
nine minutes of me being like I'm
convinced this is what scrapple with
zombies
so that's rendering out and I am dirty
really thank you sir really
holy shit I'd say two seconds left I can
play battlefield 1 so bring it the
forging on oh my lord this is what you
call an amazing school I went on with a
either a 28 kill streak or something
even crazier another about all my days
guys this is one of the best games I
ever had in battlefield in my life like
I was just picking up kills and like
pick up guns off the ground just
wrecking people with it where is it
I am total went oh my god I went 37 and
6 on battlefield what the actual tits
holy shit that was impressive my I'm
stoked about that that was so so good I
got my brain my brain actually hurts
right now so I've been playing
battlefield for like hours now all right
I got my video rendered you guys saw me
making this video in the vlog so it's
like just literal proof of how batshit
crazy this is but let me take you into
this scenario that should happen right
now
this is the syndicate project my gaming
channel okay I loaded this video like 22
minutes ago and I called it the end of
ecology zombies I even gave it this
thumbnail with a blue background you
know thought is that cool that nice and
like what I talked about is you have to
watch me have to watch that in the
comments of that video someone said you
literally just copied someone else's
video and completely ripped it off and
the same thumbnail I don't know there's
no fucking doesn't fucking way this is
bullshit how the hell could have done
that when I literally came up with a
video I did today and made it today lo
and behold I check out this person's
YouTube channel being Azura okay
everyone's 3d it's got like hundred
seventy thousand subscribers I don't
think I've ever met the guy person if I
have I apologize not trying to be rude
but like I'm like I'm sure there's no
way
I don't think I've heard of the name is
over before whatever but low and fucking
behold there's my video my thumbnail
there's his video and this what the fuck
is exactly the same little where's it
where I keep saying literally where is I
drew this awesome picture to be like
what the fuck look look my video my
thumbnail his video his some there and I
tweeted I was like dude what the fuck
are the chances of that even tweet I was
like dude Norris but disrespect just
sound about a bit what the fuck's all
this and then what gets even crazier is
in this video this guy's talking about
zombies and what you look like like
everything that's going on all this
sauce stuff but I guess mud is he starts
doing IRL version of him talking and he
goes I'm not gonna pull a syndicate and
go from zombies to something completely
different and it's just like what had to
happen in this moment in the existence
of being human for me and him to make
the exact same video on the exact same
thing on the exact same title thumbnail
and he even talks about me like I would
never ever ever ever I've seen that
video any other way apart from this
weird circumstance happening so my mind
is officially fucking blown right now
I like yo and white girls say I can't
even
well I literally cut even Dora if you're
watching this you seem like an awesome
dude that the coincidence of that
happening is just actually petrifying
scary so I tip my hat to you sir it was
a pleasure to find your channel and I
wish you all the best for YouTube Joe
woke up in potato mode I completely just
spot part my breakfast outside it's not
Sony at all but nonetheless I'm kicking
back in my deck sure enjoying a bowl of
Coco Pops and waiting for the crows
weird little storytime last time I ever
pulled up in that car park there I
pulled up to go and purchase my house
which you know that I built where I live
right now and I did that with my dad now
I'm walking back to the same place to
purchase a new office for syndicate
original so
mid loop around of event sport I'm back
again there it is it's not 100% official
yet there's been no signing on the
dotted line to say like you are now the
owner and handing over the keys or
anything it's just send some documents
in get them scanned so they can confirm
like who I am and I'm actually put to
the property and stuff like so
syndicate regional is now taking its
next step in life it's gone through
first office which is like stand up dead
cute and sweet and then its second
office which are much bigger much better
and now it's gone into its third
iteration of offices which is just so
cool I'm so proud of a woman sister for
doing such an amazing job with the
clothing line as you guys know it's the
best it's like it is the best clothing
line on YouTube it is hands-down the
quality of it is insane the hard work
that goes into it is insane and you know
it's so well run because it's done by a
family so very proud of them very very
proud of a mom hours if you're watching
this I love you I'm having a mental
fucking breakdown I'm trying to
livestream the new DLC which came out at
6 o'clock it is now 8 2008 downloaded
DLC we're all cool but then it was like
no no no no no no you know need a patch
to activate the deals and I'm like oh
that's fucking great go to the DLC it's
fucking 1.4 gig just for a patch like
what if you were one of those people
with like a place to PlayStation that's
only like a 20 gig PlayStation you'll be
able to download one DLC and that's it
so because this is taking so fucking
long like so fucking long I'm gonna go
downstairs
smash man in there with a hammer and
then see how that goes
playing the new DLC and I don't want to
die that would suck but look at this
we're in the chat we got $46 of people
watching like what up and I was like
we're on 14,000 like Britons I was like
yo can we get to 20,000 and we got like
5,000 right rings just like that so
still streaming still playing loving
this DLC so far it is incredible but day
of streaming is all but women and this
is the wrong channel my days I'm so used
to looking at my vlogging charla I'm
just like well that's fucking wrong
their streaming is over I'm is a stream
for two hours here then an hour and 48
minutes here another 47 minutes there
and
then another hour and 40 minutes on top
of that so all day nothing but live
streams it's been a it's been good to
stream back but YouTube debris is
perfect because all I ever want to use
is the Mophie is the spare battery pack
I could use the Apple one but I just
prefer the morphe because then if
someone's got a Samsung charger and the
Samsung charger basically works the
microUSB with the case and if there are
an iPhone I can just take the case off
and use the iPhone cable instead like
it's it's really convenient to have a
multi with a Samsung charge case but the
one thing I'm not looking forward to is
them saying that you have to go to
bluetooth headphones only or a adapter
for a headphone to the power socket so
in that regard you can charge the kit
you can't charge the case using the
Thunder port cable and listen to music
at the same time if it's both wired
which I don't really understand
obviously it's a way for them to like
bring out a new gadget and make loads of
money off it like say the adapter that
they bring out it could come back like
an attachment for the bottom that has
the headphone slot on it but really
don't understand that mindset until it
comes out and someone like explains it
to me don't think I'll see the point I'm
doing that to be quite flat but hope
fingers crossed it's wrong but at the
same time it's been confirmed that many
times that if it is wrong then holy
fucking shit the entire world was wrong
and Apple just surprised them and didn't
do a Koosh movie make it a shit loads of
money on for an adapter so yeah man
what's a talking plug there but a lot to
talk about realise but it's been a good
fun day really enjoyed today even though
I have just sat around playing video
games but hey that's what I like to do
on days what I feel like doing it this
tradition goes it is the next day so I
will end yesterday's vlog today so thank
you very much for watching I hope you've
enjoyed it if you have I've got a teaser
for tomorrow that I'm gonna put at the
end of this video so if you're looking
forward to tomorrow's vlog then make
sure to leave a like rating say holy tip
dippel's Tom that's Tyrannosaurus leap
textual I was gonna say sexual but it
didn't rhyme with a tee so yeah I'm
gonna play a clip now for you to enjoy
thank you for watching I'll see you all
tomorrow
and don't forget stream in a bunch this
week on youtube.com for syndicate where
I'm streaming the DLC pretty much every
day so bring the fucking hype
oh fuck yeah
