oh good morning stop No
god she's a wonder bugger damn the
bastard what should be in the defender
stroke but we're just going away on an
adventure I'm not going to tell you guys
where we're going how we're going or
anything like that I'm just gonna make
it be a surprise the entire way so leave
your guesses down in the comments and if
you've already watched the video
no spoilers or you gonna get our ass by
end shop because I've run out of
underwear no joke need to go and get
some outfit that's top socks and top
boxes if not I think I'm gonna have to
go full nudists
in the country that I'm doing which may
not actually be a problem yes this is
exactly what I need but in black that is
socks boxes for five nights away sorted
sweet Lydia some socks as well next stop
good egg sausage well as my mother I
mean okay what times you get in here cuz
as far as I make it its 11:14 and you
tell me she's still my work
Wow the disrespect I guess around going
today
No 11:17 well she does not look happy
11:17 a 11 17 11 17 you turn up at work
Alex what are you wearing I'm just
scared the living crap outta me she's
managed to get out the car I didn't did
I had no ideas you got out talking to us
i turn around petrified right I'll see
you in four days okay okay well that's a
shaming it back
nice what do you like the sweet treat no
pro 101 toiletries empty bag random
peninnah okay sure
five dead trip one two three four five
bankers to shit myself five socks no
shitting myself how much how much you
hate me how much do you hate me I was
just like I'm the bad video terminal 3
we meet again my friend fluffy hair is
in full effect you were about to get on
a plane and fly away
however turns out our flight has been
delayed
she's the pack and we are one step
closer to our next destination however
this was the one security back got
pulled to one side
we don't know why bloody hell I took out
my hand job from a bag so I guess by
kill before I left I left it on the side
and the price to buy is bring in 7 bone
59 seven pounds 89 for a small tube of
gel you be kidding me I realized so
easily to his head
yes no it's too heavy
listen today you be fine you're fine I'm
so sorry
that's the whole point of no press the
button the whole point of why we like an
airline you can build up your miles then
use that lounge like I've blown what do
I think of your chances if going in that
hole have been very slim go for it
Major League Gaming that's okay and you
better know that this is our food mmm
mmm think I'm fair to say that is my
plane but there's currently bugs
what dude why are you taking our bugs
off leave the bugs where they are no one
open it open your phone he's not in
trouble
team items right there what happened did
you
Lydia what happened what happened do you
not that beautiful what
once this wants to see this no one's
been drop you Java we look like would be
really sappy and listening to music
together we're listening to the Harry
Potter audiobooks so no you're being
judged by every single person yeah let's
go let's go let's go Lydia has the same
front of me so we cut the earpiece going
all the way through
we can only wait here before it's our
turn to to start lending over there we
don't have a blended kerosene with us so
we go in order to 30 minutes waiting
time however since we are ready to go
and of course where did a lot of you
will have connecting finds our boat from
Amsterdam as well at this moment I have
no information about them but we do
everything to get your names and as soon
as we can and then can also tell you
that a lot of our network defining place
from Amsterdam as well will be delayed
mount it just Rebecca 15 to the upright
position you fools
that was close
we have learned it I was so obsessed as
the guy next he was like hey man you
mind switching hockey-stick next my
girlfriend any interval my honesty I
like it's like a 50-minute flight all
right whatever
the same can be said for me wanting to
sit next to Lydia the guy next to me
he's like yeah it specifically required
I'll see I was like whatever guys you
know I've been in the past troubling
things some people said can I like sit
next to my wife or girlfriend and I've
always said yes oh it's just nice in
itself either way yeah that right there
is why I do not check about if I can
possibly avoid it
I will I said well it's gorgeous I'm not
no I'm not gonna get you no flowers nope
no balloons yo I thought this was
outside the ceilings are high that's
beautiful
all of this tells us Cortes integrity
whoa nah yo that rolls in style I don't
know if any point we've actually
announced where we are yeah I'm so long
gonna do I don't know I think people may
have guessed I heard it on a tie I've
not actually so many bite in this
country well the stakes I really say is
that just crazy oh my god 23,000 bikes
in the center Wow and there's over a
million bikes in the city Jesus this is
such good vibes dude I'm so up after me
I do not smoke anything up I did you see
my purse in the coffee shop look at it
it's like random graffiti on the outside
all right so we've checked into our room
welcome to one of the trickiest rooms
ever
oh that's the shower look that's a
shower no I thought it was just a pillow
or something
whoa a big-ass murder does it rotate or
something I don't know oh it's a
double-sided mirror you know this this
is Helena
yeah don't yellow snow wait what is it
so it's a wardrobe oh god a fucking unit
whoa and you can stay in there for the
night okay bye now
okay bye no this is crazy what's in
there that this is a toilet but he lost
one help I have to go for a toilet jeez
lights lights do not disturb do not
disturb lights night ooh
blinds down a lot of lines coming down
step the blinds
no no lights yes you can cook you can
come out you know what are you doing
okay I just leave you be in there this
is a very very very nice hotel moment of
truth oh yeah no yeah yeah yeah this is
good this is great is that shit well
those lights those lights are awesome a
bit bit much I feel like an electrician
would it be like I just not put them in
the ceiling like nope you're gonna put
them in a metal pipe okay this is hella
nice look at this view I would say you
can't see much but you got a nice
beautiful building here you got all the
trends and everything going by you can
see a bit of the city life all right
I'll take it
sorry this is like the number one way I
always heard
I bet you down describe oh and you
felicity toilet banks to tell all what
unless you read all over the seat yeah
well this is relationship and buyers
don't wanna test longed oh oh oh oh
work it oh oh oh and look and then to
say I got ready to go out I were the
exact same look how close is too
connected but that's not even the hair
from the top dropping down to connect it
this is there's two hairs I've connected
it finally as for this side I just
looked like I've got stringy pubes to
attend face
you're just saying yeah we're not
supposed to be lucky
he's your fire
what the heck yeah this is totally the
wrong door yeah just to record where we
came out of it's like a super nice hotel
and this is the secret door we just came
out yeah we just came out of the back
section okay this was the entrance we
were supposed to go through you sausage
we out here on the streets this place is
awesome but we are indeed right I think
this is the square as it walked on see
right and now yeah to be honest cheese
I'm just a dumb oh wait I finally giving
away where we are Amsterdam is a race
right I think this is it yeah it's the
seafood bar all right I don't know if
it's open but we're gonna try it and
stereos thank you my friends i won back
in my belly when in where are we know
what country thank you very much what
country in come on are we sure
I'm doing this all right let's give it a
good taste I don't know if this is a
local bit or not whatever
that's a really nice bit our Amsterdam
you better know I'm feeling king crab
legs from the griddle oh my god okay
gotta make sure I get that bib on bro
this is like the world's tallest deer I
know I only just said that you were look
at this what is this about huh how tall
the Amsterdam news I like that name I
know it's wrong but I love it this
restaurant is so nice I got all this
food oh that's all that going on taps
Janos very nice dude turns out is the
in-house DJ I even googled it is there's
like pump the road so he was like if you
want to come by on Saturday come on by
before you leave it's like that's pretty
dope what he did just advises is if you
walk past a red-light district
don't take photos I don't even think
about lacks I'd be like vlogging our
reaction the girls might think we're
actually filming that which we're not
gonna do you remember like Tom where you
going to red light district Lydia she
wants to go that's B point with a mouth
but nonetheless we're in Amsterdam I
think we have to walk past simplistic oh
my love this is beautiful it's really
really is nice no apparently the traffic
it isn't bad at all like just because
you love all the trumps then all the
bikes welcome to the first-ever canal
we've found and isn't it nice oh oh oh
oh it's great Oh beautiful Bon Appetit
totally wrong language but whatever
white chocolate waffle with a Kinder
Bueno on top you're done right I want
one
look at all this fucking food we were
talking to that guy so commonly behind
the bar that we liked straight deep you
think about Pam yeah and we were walking
out he was like okay bye
I got to like fucking pay but being a
good dude I was like bro yeah I'm paid
and gave me some discount and then I
paid him yeah look at that beautiful I
think we found literally a red-light
district ever come back some girl with
titties Tommy but yo more impressively
like a mini castle in Amsterdam I don't
know I don't even know what look the
hell that's it
that's an even smaller small smart guy
huh
tiny look this is a castle I don't know
what its far off or what it is but sure
gutted me when we like a spaghetti left
the shop where the red-light district is
zero outside and take a look and he was
all empty I was like fine it's gonna be
quiet
so I don't know someone knows look No
just look how busy this place is abscess
super clean I think but look how big it
is down there
this woman this woman was like looking
at another woman inside there and she
walked actually what did she say yeah
and then you got like that intimidate it
was like nope I'm out of it so we're
gonna continue I'm walk-in the canals
and I'm gonna protect my girlfriend from
all these like crazy horny dudes fucking
strange we made away from the red light
district experience experience and think
nice meal nice people that we've met
yeah the hotel rooms really nice and now
it's next step is to go on home go home
go back to the hotel kick it for the
night and then adventure in the morning
it's actually called Kentucky Fried
Chicken rather than
KFC that's weird again not too sure what
that build it is but it's massive I'm
assuming that's the townhall right
because that looks like the town
shopping center this looks like the
that's the senator as the town Cenotaph
has to be and then that's that's some
sort of tree with lights on it I was
waiting Thomas Christmas tree that's a
Christmas tree poorly decorated should
have hired you this place is truly truly
beautiful I love it
I'm so glad we came look at you with
your mouth full whoopee you're so
gorgeous I know that's how I feel about
that and your hat that's tasteless
ladies it's proper tasteless though oh
wow that was good mm-hmm-hmm it's not
like 1:30 in the morning it is great and
miserable outside but you know what what
did I say
yeah it's 1:30 in the afternoon may or
may not have slept majority of the
goddamn day but you know what there's
still plenty of time there's 24 hours in
the goddamn day so we're gonna make the
most of it right we're gonna make the
most of the rest of the day we're gonna
go out get some breakfast brunch and
then just smash Amsterdam for the net
all day so thank you very much for
watching today's vlog if you did guess
where we're going congratulations
I watched yesterday's vlog no one I
don't see anyone in the comments guess
where we were going and what did you I
saw everyone saying you're going to
Finland you spoiled it like one minute
20 I was like no I said good Finland but
we're not going cuz it's cheap it
expensive so we've come to Amsterdam is
dead so thank you for tuning in
I'll see you guys tomorrow
Comfort if we can hit three like ratings
and up three that would be absolutely
credible and make sure you click that
notification bar next to subscribe on
cuz it's a problem if you click it you
get more notifications and you just
don't miss a video
I know it's it seems simple but YouTube
likes to do these things so until that
much love and I sir
