to talk about the salad Papa's that
means potato salad in special thing we
wake up in semi Ibiza one more time I
got a late check-out because I woke up
not knowing what fucking country I'm
OD'ing final day and IV that good vibes
good music and great ass food
I'm so addicted to this food it's
ridiculous I came downstairs looked at
the menu was like burgers like
sandwiches all this sauce that all right
no no no the woman walks over and she's
like crap and I'm like yeah yeah more
king crab and I'm gonna miss this place
is just for its fucking crap alright
this is gonna be disgusting it's a
Sunday and people usually commit just
for the weekend so yeah they go look at
the lines for the fucking departures oh
my days it's gonna take forever and this
is something you're gonna see like crazy
people passed out everywhere everyone's
their stuff hangovers there at Rimkus
tit but this this isn't going to be fun
okay somehow I got looking avoided all
of that and I'm getting into this really
small line fuck yes I'm not sure how but
I got an upgrade to the first row I'm
like a priority boarding nice yeah this
is what bad decisions are made of the
most impressive looking chicken burger
at that I can't exactly complain about
legroom
Aled it just like that I'm lucky
Manchester and here we are back at
Terminal three get it it sucks you go
you know why I'm talking like this hi
Joe no home and I'm going out you might
be like what where you're going don't
worry I'm not going up high or anything
like that I need rest now for even more
like the whole point of I beeth it was
kind of like rest but then it'd be party
and then it was rest there's more quiet
but immediately got back and I'm gonna
get in some song pepper chicken pieces
from the Chinese I'm sitting down in
there eating it and then maybe just
maybe watch some power or Gotham just
like that no I'd binge I like how it's I
said that's already today I've gone from
like eating this amazing like Russian
crab that was just sexual then to a
random shitty chicken burger which
actually came out really fucking good
then two Chinese Chinese always wins
nom nom nom nom nom nom salt and pepper
chicken pieces of it oh my god just look
how look how good they're so many people
tweet me after I do like videos meee in
this and then they go get it and like oh
my god Tom it's like heaven so I always
they get a backup one because when I eat
one I know it's not enough stuff like
that and then I've got house special
fried rice chicken ass week on soup as
well it's time to get fucked
it's just it's emotionally good that's
how nice salt and pepper chicken pieces
are like I'm not happy with that food
that I trap that's when I remember us do
not cooking while trombones cook was
that and I just never could do it my mum
because it was like Tom just so you know
they pretty much get it from a packet
and then you can just do it yourself and
they like you fry and I was like oh my
god I'm buying the packet so we're gonna
I think maybe this week we'll walk into
trying to attempt to cook make the
correct
salt pepper chicken pieces see if we can
do it for my teammate again everyone
loved my cooking streams
Nick would love my cookies dreams Nick
could cook the stream for me what fans
decided that days were I travel and fly
I like almost as bad as my days of being
hungover
obviously well it's like a long-ass
flight and you know I'm saying flying at
12:05 the one I could
to New York or to Russia or LA their
days rock and film shitloads on the
plane but when I'm not doing them cell
flies I really don't feel much I might
as well be hung over the entire time
so if you take me I'm flying shot flies
put them together you can get a vlog
like today I forgot so you guys is that
you know I went to insomnia 58 I was
absolutely awesome dude four days of
chaos and meeting fans when I say chaos
it was just like I did nothing but eight
hours each day just meet fans meet fans
meet you fans meet fans and it was
amazing yeah you can see me just like
this is what I look like this is how
crazy I look like just talking to my
camera then I'm going to legends of
gaming live which I've already told you
guys about in like a vlog like yesterday
or the day before that so that should be
dead sweet to meet people there but a
lot of people can't make it to either
them to events because it's like the
holidays are on and stuff like that but
there is one last event this year maybe
until December maybe maybe no one last
event that I'm going to which is eg X
now that's Eurogamer and I've been to
Eurogamer every single day it's ever
been on like I've always always wanted
event so this is gonna be like I think
my fifth year of going we should pretty
pretty damn sweet so if you guys want to
go I'm gonna put a link to the
description of a link to the description
yeah do I turn off off music down
everything down if you guys want to
check it out I'll put a link in the
description to the tickets you go check
out the date see the availability and
then go and convince all your homies
your families your mommies your grandmas
Ryan's your uncle's your sisters and
your girlfriend's dog took them over to
the event and I'll get to see you guys
faces so it should be pretty cool to go
to another year of Eurogamer so if you
guys gonna be that it's give me a
pleasure let's go wrap up today's vlog
so make sure leave a like rating
subscribe and tomorrow we should be
rejoined with neighbor Alice because I'm
going over to a house right now cuz
obviously this is the next day I was
filming yeah just I did a really bad job
of logging yesterday I don't know why
it's the the trouble and everything
let's take it out with me I've just did
a really bad job of vlogging recently
but I'm gonna try and do bad so just
wait and see
see how things go we've got legends of
gaming live we've got Eurogamer to go
everything should be smoother Oni
pepperoni riperoni
Crower Oni
