gay bar didn't bother me anyway ah we
rise and shine into a new dawn a new day
some fried toast some so Sarge's and we
haven't bacon where's the bacon all day
we got bacon up in here as well oh yeah
gonna wrap up today pack everything get
ready for the journey over to northern
island yes
fucking got it right for once then we're
going to join me do it yeah I'm not
taking this okay we're going to the
Republic of Ireland after that yes we're
getting geography thanks
I mean shit math I mean geography hmm
I'm okay with this thanks man boys this
is why Nicholas was invited on the trip
breakfast was delicious
but now we've worked out that we're
pretty much delayed for the ferry so
we're gonna miss the first ferry and
we'll probably like me you know with
Jeff but done Baja cuz a fucking fairy
like every two hours so we're travel to
place rebook the ferry California or
Thailand Bo with Jeff Parker become for
the night and go out in island know
why Nick why fuck 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 what
is going on here
the police are XCore in the horses which
is then being followed by a bus full of
fun members which is then being followed
by old classic cars in turret and a
horse's mouth here comes the team dinner
oh god what is this alright oh damn look
at that
damn that's classy where else we got but
what the heck they're nice well nice
wells
yeah that's pretty cool that's pretty
cool SP I triumph tr6 I don't know what
machine very nice what that come on
women gossip that's it old school with
anything these guys are sick you made a
grave mistake leaving these in here my
friend a grave mistake wait what do we
got what it what are you doing what is
what is this what what well we gonna
burn it down we managed to make it this
close until we're are there's no bike
path to get us to it so we're all the
way back down to the car park right
along and then walk the rest of the way
even that big of a castle we made it the
next stop consists of some sort then
going on I don't know this capping sale
or something we're here to see another
castle well I say another castle the
other one tower but that's one as kind
it's smaller chasm we are here at dinner
castle wherever sneaking around and
trying to see if there's any ghosts that
or a gold just think how difficult this
must been to have made Flickr night like
it's ridiculous all hung like carved
stone wasn't really carved with it look
at the look at the small rocks he's just
doing it to fill the pieces
it's like knots and I did it right next
to the ocean so she's getting bad by
rain wind and storms that's why I love
castles father play some part your
general election Nick I think it's ready
to move into Mike look at that you could
live down there you could cook up there
some guy got spit-roasted apparently on
that black literally a little bit of
being cube age paint man this place is
free she is actually a door what's
gangrene what is the sign say what it is
there's about four hundred tons of
virgin yeah dude totally a granary I'm
calling it I reckon it's where they'd
store the food so it's good for the
winter let's go like this would be all
like farm one then put it in here oh it
could be a prison no the prison was
underneath the thing store house after
all this time shouting Alan Alan Alan we
found there is that let's go get one I
got a minute what is this bullshit 99
zarnow one pound energy perfect adapted
to you've been all wrong Kate I've been
lied to
is this is this clearest inflation this
is inflation of prices this no you are
Alan yes we found out that we found Alan
nice to meet you Alan do this is this is
a proper little shuttle this is sick if
you're ever here and at this place make
sure you go get an ice cream of pollen
because olive is a legend he's a proper
ice-cream man and a proper ice cream but
hey definitely in Scotland okay I was
like it's a car boot sale okay yep yep
random random random random random
random okay whatever oh my gosh there's
a vehicle with a gun on it I'm sold
I'm going let's check it out told you I
was gonna get a new Land Rover oh my
goodness me now this is what you call oh
my think is amazing phallus is still in
service not too sure but hey is this a
prop no House convinced this was like a
prop go to me dude okay oh whoa whoa
whoa look it okay now who's gonna be my
who's gonna be oh this is amazing
the only what jour/day something really
cool quiet I've tried to do them a
campervan is this a new vehicle the keys
so what about when it rains to think I
did I think that why I got guns we got
bones that's fine by now there we go
there three times sawing thank you soon
glad you are you still doing here well I
think we should just stick with a camper
backstab a director yeah I think it's a
bit more weatherproof well thank you
there's no toilet autonomy we got a base
the mold again what's it made it to the
product x times we need to work out what
to go cuz there's our big ass ship
should we tell them that we have 9,000
pounds of cocaine in the back look over
Nicholas was right
forgetting oh that was a nice ass crack
shot what a getting what your head on
the time like Nick move he said I go
here we go sis and then you just got
both oh yeah we do a lot yeah but the
fact that you said I think we're gonna
get it says and then you personally got
so how suspicious do you need to look it
was very gentle oh my god but about to
board the behemoth for this these guys
get to go up top this is like that's
just not fair man there are the
executives of
shit oh wait no mobile phones I'm not
allowed to film on the whole of the film
there's not allowed to phone call oh no
don't say that
oh no no I got bad feeling we might
actually sink or survive I'm interested
I can fly really close though and I
don't just done that either and what on
board lads let's fuck out of and this is
what we call home sweet home for the
next two hours two hours 15 minutes two
hours and 15 minutes
I fell asleep in the camper mum and I'm
absolutely fucking exhausted I have no
idea where to go or how to find
everybody yeah I'm so fucking tired okay
I see no doors no anything to be able to
try and find everyone but oh my god
there's so many cars in this place I'm
supposed to mate as well
oh yeah I'll just relax on the bed for
like 20 minutes like lay down was like
super comfortable super relaxed and then
just fell asleep for an hour well I
guess it kind of get rid of gets rid of
a born it boring journey but let's go
upstairs is this
I think I justify Nikolas and he's
managed to uh help himself to her all
you can drink coffee why the life I
could smell quarters
you can hear all right well let's go
upstairs
oh that's a bigger though have you been
opinion you're like an excited child
calm down never would have thought
they'd have this on a ferry would you
like a free PlayStation to just kick
back on and enjoy all right this is
really really cool you can take that kid
all right let's play matching client
probably I think you can still take that
case you just woke up bumped into
someone on the stairs name like I'm sure
that syndicate and then I walked I
walked away turn around and a bunch of
people turned up so this little thing
you doing egging people this is supposed
to be secret but I'll let you peg me
like without me noticing
oh no oh where did that come from I
don't see that's what congratulations
managed to pay me thank you very much
pleasure to meet you all
there you go Nick now just informed me
that what the term pegging means to an
18 plus year-old so brave now
approaching the Nordic spa super fast
sweets and the Sun Deck it's you you
professional looking chef you come come
on you are yeah
okay this does not look like a Sun Deck
what Sun Deck Sun Sun Deck where the
bugger of fucks is the Sun kind of feel
like the missiles on this one
here we can see a ship and I oh is that
where we set off from but we're almost
here this is holly this is island Oh
might be I room not the right side but
I've been asleep for an hour yeah
jaqen yeah he's at the top of I uh let's
let's check this before being she she's
geographers I've confirmed it
that is banger and that is Carrick
Fergus sorry for getting so close to
your face there is such thing as a zoom
function but you know dramatic effect
what would you like to go to character
cause this is where we are yeah we're
nearly there
that won't take an hour no way that'll
take an hour so we wait for a speed
limit oh that's such a trick I reckon
what what nah nah I'll be impressed to
see if that's anything like Hollywood oh
my gosh the chaos is real dude this is
disgusting
this is absolutely
oh my gosh see there's so much smoke
they need to cut vents in here or some
shit yeah go on follow team are you
ready to get your feet in some Northern
Ireland blonde why are you speaking
squashed off oh shit I actually haven't
picked up on the Irish guy accent yeah
laughter wait
yeah probably I like how these these
people inside this fun a fans because I
bumped into mom and so I'm getting it
and I just saw like some of them like
waving but what I don't think they know
is that we really can't see in the van I
can only just see outlines there
anything so if you apart the scout team
in this barn hello doctor Denton antara
daunted on Donnellan turn on turn turn
turn turn
while the vibrations kill everybody but
officially end on an island I don't know
son still scores yeah we made it
oh wow oh shit my vlog uploaded I got
the notification just now yeah
sexual Pope Enoch J is gonna be sat
around here somewhere
particularly yes are you doing Crivello
good to see you
hey Noah did you show me did you shower
Bobby think of home first of all
you're about to see just part of the
crudo is it an insurer is it adventure
like us welcome back dude yeah get new
yorky visa like tight small living
spaces this is a fucking penthouse
apartment in New York this is cool this
is like six grand a month in New York
since then we've collected jeffrey good
to have you back dude turn to hit the
road we're gonna go find the campsite
for the night I'm absolutely exhausted
and I want to shower like the hair looks
like potato salad but go to campsite get
get ready come back in town meet with
Ricky and hit the town and have a few
drinks in god damn Belfast oh my days
know that I'm there is not messing
around
look at the size of a police vehicle
that's not in it it is like a bomb squad
Jesus
Jeff it's ok it's ok welcome to the trip
I cannot make this song this is a from
nib leapin shit it's a friend of ours
she's special
you look really impressed Geoffrey what
do you think of your home
look at your home look at it what you
think thoughts and opinions go I'm all
distracted by the photo you just posted
hey what'd you cook okra wait wait look
how confused you look at this Budweiser
dude it's beautiful oh look it's has a
dog but yeah this is our home and I'll
show you Jeffrey is bed I like I call
him Jeffrey hates it but over time so
I'm up here for the night with bedding
Jeff's down here with no betting no
nothing I'm gonna give him one pillow if
not then we're gonna have to take that
do Vegas it's like a queen-size Nick's
gonna have to come down from their sleep
down there and me and Jeff we're going
to share a duvet up there what where
what hmm
I think we're all spooning tonight for
want I listen to you talking sex again
what them Scouts on the bow on the
ferret gave me this is like a gift it's
like a Woggle for a hankerchief and me
and Jeff instead a plane like MLG K okay
Jeff for the video you messed it up
we're playing MLG catch with it like
it's just the easiest thing to catch and
to throw is Oh Maj s take look at this
thing hey guys thank you for this so
apparently this is the most bombed hotel
in the world because like during like
all the fighting and stuff this is
apparently where it used to get borne up
too much so we're just gonna go in and
I'm stuck I think we pressure Lisa token
say we've been in the most bombed hotel
how do you feel long it's real easy
it's fucking well nice
must've cost a lot of money to renew
every time Jesus Cheers oh I was going
to set your first drink in Ireland but
we've all read out of Budweiser maybe
less Jameson whiskey and a Peroni
Italian interesting choice enjoy madad o
yo J yeah cuz I do the inside
Hey we're having a good night tonight
because the lighting in here is so
terrible you're not going to see any
more videos for the restaurant so Jeff
good night enjoy Island Island you've
been amazing on day one
I'll catch you guys tomorrow
killing it
