therefore a jellyfish
wiggle-wiggle-wiggle
nude a typical Scotland it is raining
right now unbelievably fast but not
heavy the kind of rain that gets you
really soaked over a good period of time
and we're doing the me open outside
obviously at the park so apologies
tomorrow not so wet Scotland not just be
nice for once why is it always raining I
brought some tank crew sorted a I'm not
I'm still wearing shots for fuck's sake
yeah that's right Nick get stuck on the
other side of the road where you belong
go ten minutes away from me hope we've
got 20 minutes before it begins as an
art gallery Museum here so I'm gonna
quickly go inside and use their lavatory
oh this is awesome
we've made it let's take a look inside
oh snap
this place is huge this is crazy spooky
some books of heads everywhere this
woman's like ruffling her face off
wait what when the base said she doesn't
want to give you the booty it's a pretty
intimidating face but Wow
yeah this is a is all sorts of creepy
it's long in the morning turn up
everyone's hiding underneath the
trees like true Scotland's guys were
just trying to spot up on the shell but
I'm assuming this is the fountain up
here but but like how everyone slowly
turns like women is that him so Claude
give marcelles everyone I don't know
come on mosh pit to one line goes from
Jason
and goes all the way down that all the
phone
oh my gosh Nick we're getting drunk
tonight mate 15% you're driving and
you're trying to explain why you came
with me
I just need a minute hate to say it but
that's probably a really bad idea just
saying I dare you to swim in the water
change it now I didn't say jump swim
you're okay you're okay
don't actually do it this moment he knew
he up well thank you very much
for this not always wearing a cynic
original top you brought me a gift of
how old are you again
11 you brought me a bottle of whiskey
it's mums over there who carried it with
him but bottle of whiskey and Swiss last
I'll just say thank you very much man I
really appreciate just go like an
alcoholic about a few days ago when I
was at my mom's house and I was like
look at the risk of leg room its crimson
chase and all that stuff
this is the guy who actually sent me
some and then he brought me some water
so I yeah thank you very much i wronged
Moshe a lot my god I get to keep one of
these I guess keep both dude your
girlfriend drew these wait which one did
you draw take what one kalila oh so this
is a meter key yeah oh thank you so much
script so far I've got a gameboy color
and now got a Nintendo DS I said you can
keep this I don't need this thing it's
all fair view but he said I can have it
so I'm game now I have more sparkling
but you very much you appreciate we're
gonna let me do this can i name it as
well yes all right so I'm gonna evolve a
Magica oh my days let's make this happen
this is oh my god yes I need the music
I didn't present music I think it's on
come on be a thousand thousand six
hundred yeah waiter all this gonna do
this is another mistake one it's your
second one call one call it head on bit
oh my god Oh perfect nickname B it is
now known as Steve no you ginger I love
you to pieces she before coming here
much look to you and he gave me a
Scottish oh this guy so much milk Rashmi
thank you first of all you're giving me
a gameboy yeah okay
impressive and then I drew from Back to
the Future a dude
ah the beach key yeah alright well let
me attach it at that wait what is it I
don't know if you've ever seen back to
the future but it's like oh oh that goes
in there
yes I'll do secular like that attention
to detail well thank you very much my
friend I appreciate that you can solve
this pretty damn fast all right I'm
going to give it to you you're going to
start I'm going to see how fast you can
do it can you handle it under pressure
let's do this then we're gonna see
what's happening
a minute and 10 seconds sort of things
you're getting close yeah that's it
that's it I thought a little bit I just
saw everyone you'd like when you like an
MLG reaction like everyone's like go
crazy what turned up and she's wearing a
cynic original top I like that though
it's absolutely awesome but you've also
brought me a Pikachu onesie so when I
next Vova Thailand do my next we look
for where that is that cool there you go
thank you very much hailey
this is absolutely amazing holy snap
where is it David Bowie on the side cuz
he David don't get it wet oh my god
you're absolutely ridiculous
hey this boom there you go appreciate
that is the Glasgow meetup done it was
absolute pleasure
what is a little niche is like a job
everyone who's left
good seafood good times it was a ton of
people here I didn't quite get like the
you know the big dub for as a blue I
couldn't get one of them at the start
because it's just so busy I don't know
where to do it so looking off in our
skies bastards for you nonetheless great
time in Glasgow it's time to go and get
the ferry in time probably gonna miss it
so much looked a a massive thank you to
you guys again thank you so much for
looking after the stuff like all this
swag boundary here it's all like the
gifts or people that they brought me and
like these two especially probably mine
in the fall really appreciate it
teamwork ah so we look mud homeless
outside the museum right now because
Nick as a he's gone off whereas here is
or is it there is Nick's gone off to go
and collect the van because this stuff
is leaking everywhere like this is a bag
full of actually like really really cool
swag and gifts that people brought me at
whether it's geared whether it lares was
anything but something's leaked and gone
through this on all the nicks or get in
the van
I'm weighing here with it and we'll
continue on adventure after that meal I
deserve a well-earned meal well a meal
is gonna be next died is gonna be super
noodles this time we'll try in there
sizzling fajitas style so hopeful this
is pretty nice yeah they may no rejoice
I said what sizzling vaginas is exactly
what I need right now I would love for
fish and chips today but you know what
this sauce tastes great so I'm going to
go for every taste chest of fajitas
super noodles begins now this is the
weirdest I've ever made super noodles
cuz I usually don't leave the sauce in
it like like dripping in it but this
time I did so can you tell it's all like
just a bit very okay one it's really
good and two whole that's hot I
just dropped a noodle on my leg oh wow
that was up yeah digiti it but Wow to
believe the storm
aright thank God these guys didn't get
any more well the weather is really
cleared up and that actually the beach
from right there but this is where we're
stopping this is home sweet home hello
Nick you enjoying yourself cooking some
food ah
close all right but this is not so we
might go for a drink in here afterwards
we yeah we passed upon this campsite and
I'm gonna go through everything here
organized glass and pop figures which
look I got so much swag from everyone
today look look at this I got I got
floki bike I got a scarf I got like all
sorts distance apart this is a bag with
even more pop figures in this is just
ridiculous because Nick is a little
cutie alright and because we got amazing
funds someone else gave you this to add
to your toy collection anyone's on the
trip and you've got like a cute toy that
we're gonna do with these one sec we're
gonna put them on it we're gonna put
them on the front of here so if you've
got like a small only small though we
don't anything big like this big we're
gonna put along the front of the actual
thing so add it to the collection Nick
I've got a happy little family Lois
thank you very much for your gift man
I'm just going through everything right
now and organized and although this is
not rubbish this is just so we can all
guys and keep it these are letters and
these are the stuff everyone's giving me
so much alcohol know as a short
round and Scottish stuff just mad innit
absolutely mad but thank you very much
done I appreciate it thank you very much
for Ron Weasley's gonna go on my shelf
I've got so many of these little
collectible figures and right now
there's only been one duplicate that
someone's provided me with over there
Matt these are all gonna go on the shelf
and add to the collection so Fraser
thank you very much to flippy Nick
that's well cool Louis I just managed to
read your letter man thank you very much
for that as really really nice to read
and I'm glad you may just get through
your tough time and stuff like that
let's got a bit wet but dude you're
drawing awesome um read me on Avvo log
please says Blair and didn't read write
anything on this side it's on this side
I'm not gonna read that out but I like
how you spell vlog vol Jake well volg
hey Tom also known as seven centimeters
here's this real quick let's go to the
end
Sani it's a need
how'd you pronounce your ID and that's
your need you sure yes
Shinae thank you very much social media
Jeannette tonight thank you
Father thank you very much for lo I'm
glad everything's going great for
massive shout out to John and Chris
laughs thank you
and no idea we were so close to the same
book over that hill wall is the oceans I
can hear it I don't even I hope it's the
ocean but I can hear it so I'm going
check it out
so I'm eating a chocolate digestive
right now so yeah it's gonna see what
come on are proper made it yeah well
good I came right now a son saying just
about the ocean is coming in and I let's
get down on some beach oh this beautiful
keeps laying back in the car that's like
no way it's gonna be a beautiful sunset
as soon as it gets
wait I'll say you stuck under them cloud
as soon as it starts setting let's go so
oh these things they look like little
eggs what can anyone remove well that's
crazy
can anyone and always windy get all in
the comment section tell me what these
are looks so random
I hope I'm not touching like fish
testicles or something what this loads
of them
what is going on Marilyn jellyfish
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
what the hell that's so weird look it
over look it look it
oh look at it so strange freedom you're
free go home go home shut up bitch
ya know that way
you take these bucks the cup of unfair
neck to look up I might take him -
because if he holds on to this he will
easily crush it alright there's
absolutely thousands of them watch just
ah you can easily just crush them it's
ridiculous I look at this love everyone
I thought there's nothing inside them
so I really don't disturb me ah so I've
taken x1 back for Nick so he can have a
bit of fun with it
there's so part that's we now see what
people said they out I don't want to see
what they are bought I'm not too sure
what the earth the the outcome will be
so that's our piece of her shiny thing
other book Nick is here watching my vlog
and we talked about him watching my vlog
so vlog section so how did you enjoy
that porn this hos funny like that this
one was funny I was looking at some of
this and I was thinking to myself that
looks like we planned and staged
it and the time just everything is just
random on the moment in it so
much me and Nick have decided to uh
sneak on into the local pub for a quick
but loose thank you so you are going to
treat this trip no I'm gonna drink this
trip we're going to Island tomorrow I'm
drinking it you have to go to Ireland
and drink drink another is not look at
this place interesting there's Olympics
there's lies there's everything look at
this is a goddamn DJ booth over in my DJ
oh my god live karaoke every Friday and
Saturday what is it
what the hell's going on front well what
the hell's going on why is no-one
singing that's what I'm talking about
it's like nearly midnight and we're
watching the Britain sets a world record
cycling for the win
that is truly nothing
the exiting music of Champions now all
we need to do is Hotwire that's golf
done we're settin ik I reckon we should
soup it up to extra batteries our May 4
similarly my Lao still be quicker than a
car so ok this is the next day but I'm
ending this vlog right now I just
quickly say there's a lot of people in
the comments like Tom this is supposed
to be a Pokemon go trip but the roads
that were taken 1 we have no signal our
phones - there's no Pokemon stops
there's no Pokemon anywhere so
fortunately we've not had a lot of luck
catching the pokemons but one of the
main points of this trip fall program in
the first place is to go over to island
because that's where mini light actually
caught is Gyarados so i'm gonna try and
find the location of where he actually
caught it and see if we can replicate
that i'll make it happen if i can catch
that then that's the perfect add-on to
the trip but no worse I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog I'm a bit good that I
didn't manage to get an Instagram photo
of the meet up in Glasgow today just
because it was that many people it was
so difficult to organize everyone like
hey guys can move over here like there
was that many people that it just it was
impossible so unfortunately I didn't get
that one Matt the group dab so I'm sorry
about that and I'm trying to stay away
from the dabbing all around the UK it's
like it was fun the first time then the
second time never might expect it to be
a thing and I'm like I'm not trying to
make this like cheesy just dabbing
everywhere so I'm just like looking
forward to the next Meetup should be
better Belfast and Dublin so make sure
you follow me on Twitter links in the
description you can stay updated as to
when I'm doing these meals so until then
thank you very much for watching and
good bye
