definitely glad we made it and it's not
like covered in fog this is usually what
it is but it's time to hit the road and
get on traveling in Nick Nick Nick this
is not negotiable good morning world
oh my goodness what a great night's
sleep when two words about it like four
o'clock in the morning I passed out till
10:00 fell back asleep woke up at 12
wasted a lot of the day but I'm gonna
try and have a shower inside the camper
none no joke the shower was absolutely
amazing simple super nice I think I used
all the hot water but nonetheless it was
what I did it wow this is nice and
fucking tight and cozy jesus fucking
tits in the fucking banking you fucking
wait outside my fucking home for I'm
just there sleeping in the camper enjoy
myself fall asleep wake up at like 12:00
in the afternoon wasting my day and
these legends thank you very much for
coming saying hallo these are my John O
groats homies thank you very much you're
from wick they liner
he's from wick he's not from around here
he's not one of the cool kids
I realize thank you very much for
welcoming our boys appreciate it's a new
dawn it's a new day in Scotland well
know what the weather again is
absolutely miserable
but people taking photos by the post
it's too late we've already done that
we're way ahead of them this is what it
looks like in the daytime look at this
area the proper proper coast I'll be a
bit upset to be honest if I don't see
any sea lion so that seemed to be
hundreds around here look at ah right on
the very edge nothing to see for miles
Nicholas are you interested in some
girls now
well I'm not too sure if I'm gonna be
able to fit it up there but you might
have to help me out Nick because I
definitely can't reach that and there
you go I don't think I could have picked
a better position to put it in that was
too short make the most of it
can someone in the comments please
explain to me why in Scotland there's so
many more CEOs like there's there's
millions of them just attacking us
it's like pause to take a photo and then
just every went like that and I killed
like four of them like just crawling on
my face sort of thing and before the
trolls start saying it's like they're
only attracted to shit hahahaha that's
what my dad used to say to me but no the
fucking awful rebel if we don't see a
seal I'm gonna be actually upset and we
have made it to the very tip of John
O'Groats we still need to go over there
to get to the furthest point bought
everyone classes this is like the
northern point you know what I'm happy
with it we achieved it good shit success
said I wouldn't be happy I'm leaving
here until I saw a seal and I literally
just saw like something like sticking up
like that like a periscope and then he
went school and in so I just thought
there another that see that like looks
like a little spot there that is in fact
to seal hopefully you see it then see
it's gone that was not just cuz I went
out of focus see it's it's diving under
and up out the water ye we saw a seal
boys oh my gosh yes
I just been studying whistling like 20
minutes and then I'll just saw one yes
cuz like you see these these dots here
select zoom in these are all like boys
so these aren't obviously seals you may
mistake me for a bad eyesight but then
that one over there that we just saw was
indeed a sea boom can tick that off the
bucket list as well mate John O'Groats
and saw a seal mm-hmm I'm happy with
that outcome collection is growing we've
got we've got Edinburgh we've got lungs
why call it Lands End
that's Jojo no growth William are you
giving names that's William yeah I think
the seal should be cool Kevin Kemp
William Kevin and now we need to go and
get a Loch Ness
oh I think we made it but the fog is out
so we can't see tits but nonetheless no
matter we have arrived at Danny head
most northerly point of mainland Britain
as we've been trying to describe what we
wraps they go into is the time and there
you go if you guys would like to educate
yourself a pause the video now and read
the most lovely pint on the British
mainland enjoying panoramic views across
the Penn Pentland Puntland Firth to
Orkney yes
panoramic the lighthouse didn't indicate
that we'll really high up I spoke like
that's not that far look how far up we
are feeling on the edge of Dover crazy I
really wanted to stumble that rock right
there oh my gosh how cool is that I
would look to live in a little house in
the middle of the island that would be
so cool
looks like the fogs actually clearing
away a bit now but this is this really a
bit more of a beautiful spot than where
we just were so just take it in look at
that view
what you just look at it Nicholas look
at it
nice tree and a house so we're trying to
explain to me is that this is a street
and now that is a street that is
actually this is actually a street from
there there's an official stream six six
feet nine inches
it's the shortest ebenezer place the
shortest Street and it's an official
because it's got lumps that's got lumps
on it and it's got a door number on it
and a door and someone lives on the
corner so it's an official street it's
gonna get drink now this is what you
call a fish finger sandwich oh my god
official this is the fanciest fish
peanut butter I've ever seen in my life
oh my gosh yes
fishing body is so good also the sauce
is absolutely incredible
Nick's not happy that it's unlike
standard white bread but I think it's
amazing
and it should be because it's eight
pounds when you get stoned avoid brutal
people eight pounds for fishing the way
it's not standard fishing there's a like
custom that custom made whose fingers -
here we have rode custom fish fingers
but oh my god I said shut up - Mel for
me Angelo driftwood what were by
shortest Street in the world it was a
pleasure we now head to the lock of the
Ness monster
welcome to Dunphy I guess this is where
we're now arriving I'd love to know what
that building is on the edge because ice
so Couture is like a lighthouse or a
castle or a lighthouse castle but
whatever it is it is beautiful
hawky back on the road he's got his
coffee I thought a Pooh we can get it on
Luther get on with it
danger do can't you can't you catch him
my vlog as pretty pot yeah sounds like
PewDiePie totally Swedish totally
Swedish we have made it to Loch Ness
we're gonna find him we're gonna be the
ones what's up Tom syndicate a necklace
that is there fuck fuck X right there it
was NASSCOM why would we sorry it was
looking sorry it was right there the
Lots were swollen right there the big
Frankie teeth and everything yeah her
teeth yeah Artie I please death never
had to fuck fun fact I think it's the
wrong number but it's still a ridiculous
amount either way about 22 million
pounds a year in revenue gets brought to
Scotland for people trying to find the
Loch Ness and like tourist trips like
sales all that sort of stuff
I like the local shopping area because
look at the size of this thing there's a
monster in here it could be hiding and
you know what we're definitely gonna
we're gonna I mean it is hide in here so
we're going to find it again it's gonna
be out there somewhere
rumor has it bald it was a blue jacket
and it is dickless
ah convenient oh my god
haha just a prank bro it's just a prank
wha I was fist bumping you awkward
let me get Nick so you get it's okay
it's okay
what Ness welcome to the walk with the
monster dun dun dun okay what does it
say alright did you know that sink
lumber
okay that's none dude a lot alright
where's the details about the locker you
don't Pokemon girls hmm
are you trying to catch the Loch Ness
monster fuck yeah apparently in Pokemon
it's called Gyarados pretty stupid name
it should clearly be called the Loch
Ness monster book yo dude there might be
if you catch the Loch Ness monster in
Pokemon go yo drop the law I mean an
incensed nuisance Oh something over
there already where oh my god is that
the myth is that a creature
it's a bitch nah nah dude run away from
it don't take it oh the guys froze oh
dammit well you don't want to just throw
your phone in the wall you don't need
that shit okay for actually enemy
eagle-eyed people I'm gonna zoom in
around the area and if you see the Loch
Ness monster I want you to screenshot it
me and send it me on Twitter take a good
hard look if you see the Loch Ness oh oh
shit shit rolls so we know what we're
looking for
take a good look memorize it now look
for it
yeah I saw nothin either damn we may
have just found sign no no joke this
time no joke no boats or anything has
gone past and I'm just there like why is
there a line of bubbles going up the
flip flop flip it destroy as well in a
dead straight line look look there's no
ripple but these these ripples are just
waves off normal but why is that line of
bubbles just air hmm explain that
explain that maybe that was the Loch
Ness monster rip in one the entire way
it was like our new tourist he just it
just it just a crop-dusted us he walking
in what to loves us in what just it us
okay I'm gonna make a wish you know what
Penny's a good one to make her um a wish
upon a penny I'm gonna make a wish and
I'm gonna throw in what is my wish gonna
be exactly what I want
ah it is in there it loaded right there
so London the war boom yeah maybe wish
come on go get it
I though alright make it yeah
it it it sure yeah just that yeah okay
yeah yeah I've come true
this bomb hey fuck you Nick I'm afraid
to say you have a lot of choice
oh my god shoot this no no that was the
one is that it yeah that's all I lost a
lot drunkenness regardless of all the
lockness items this has caught my eye
lion rampant the Royal banner of
Scotland nice little wooden plaque
Lincoln Ella they even have Nessie
related chocolates Wow look at all this
Nessie milk chocolate and I mmm
tablets leave all Altis nasty well I was
pretty good on it
you like famous them well I like how
they get the kiss this kid notice me who
is right there so I'm throwing him in
the blog and then this guy in the shop
there Caleb and he's actually from
America traveling around and we almost
drove past the shop and I just like
point out so he stopped wearing got the
tie and then the kid walked past him
insects bees mum he was like he's a
celebrity I was like it's not safe I
heard him guys I was like that guy so I
turn around and I like I noticed he know
he's me so I kinda just let or not
you're at dude and yeah I took photos
like met his grandma I met his mom and
then I say hello to Caleb the American
dudes family and still so yeah smile
will love bump into you guys like I love
doing me ups everything but nothing all
be just randomly bumping into somewhere
in the most odd peculiar place so that
was pretty impressive
Oh like a little happy family like a
juice alone wait this is Lachlan
this is William okay whit and he's just
drunk as a fart oh thank you see stomach
darn a say okay random little detour we
found a castle down here but we don't
know how quite to get to it because we
think it's closed wait what is this
we think it's closed but that was the
castle down there looks pretty describe
oh my gosh a lot of castles like it
actually makes me so excited waving the
flag wait what people are acting down
there it's closed off for a private
event or something right now so we can't
get down there so this is the best view
we're gonna get but like these people
like perform it I can't see them so if
you guys can spot them please point them
out in the video what this sounds a
epically dramatic talk about dragons and
murder and shit so I'm just gonna like
Chile I hope no traffic goes blast so I
can try and work out what's going on
never know it could be filming the next
game of Thrones oh all the right to be
able to film anyone
okay so we're assuming that there's a
wide load coming through because this
guy's here which says transportation
something so rashim there's a big-ass
thing about to come along the way
nothing's arrived just yet but me and
Nik at first light oh did these guys get
pulled over with speeding and then we
thought we're gonna let us pass but then
right now pull over to the side as well
the guy should have really told us like
one who's like pull over to the side
I'd really aggressively pissed off well
it's probably because he's done this for
like the last sixty months yes telling
people til I step over step over step
over step over but nonetheless we'll see
what comes through it better be big
that's all I'm saying
wah-wah-wah-wah-wah bond is a big box oh
my gosh they weren't messing around
there's no way we'd fit pasta
oh my god thank God we're not stuck
behind it Oh my name parked up in Fort
William because I had no idea that been
nervous wasn't fought with him I don't
know why just an idiot but all my days
what it's better notice yeah yeah I know
I just I was just I should tell him okay
I'm not sure if it's that one there
with the cloudy top the tiny one
although that one there with the cloudy
top are you sure it's not the biggest
mountain in England not one right there
oh I saw that
are you fucking Nick you're a dick oh
yeah bit too full William before
actually I had no idea but never Swiss
I'm like such an idiot right now
but that's the been nervous distillery
which is unfortunately closed we could
stay overnight here and check out the
distiller in the morning but at the same
time I don't even know what they make
there so I'm more interesting like the
Jameson Distillery over an island and
obviously the Guinness one they like the
two standout ones to me but nonetheless
we made it to Fort William and then
nervous is in the background no beard
the ultimate snacks mature cheese pepper
ami and chicken on a stick
well I'm an absolute root idiot walked
outside went to open my chicken on a
stick and I opened it and it was that
slippery that I dropped it on the floor
it fell out and I like literally dropped
it picked it straight up and I was like
like five-second rule that's like I
don't believe in the five-second rule
and especially outside of petrol station
I don't believe in it so unfortunately I
have to throw that one away
for every time Paul tries one again okay
chicken on a stick I did just try it but
only a little bit some time to try it
properly
hmm thoughts smell spicy it's really
slimy it has got a kick to it or not
let's just check it on the stick there's
a way we're gonna die it's gonna be fire
a massive glass truck like this guy on a
bend like this one oh my god ah oh my
girls okay then so this is a campsite
for the night the middle of a carpark
we've picked the destination for our
doing me up tomorrow it was originally
in one spot delete it changed it kazoos
an event happening there picked another
spot had to delete it picked another
spot and now we've got the place of
where we're doing the destination so if
you're watching this after I've done the
meetup so like I did the meal but at 12
till 2:00 yesterday if you're watching
this and yeah sorry for all the
confusion of everything that happened
but I now just need to travel by ticket
to work at her good to survive the date
so give me one moment
I have no idea what Nikolas is doing did
you enjoy the vlog I did enjoy the wrong
didn't we laughs even though I heard you
laughing yeah the bit that I laughed
that was the bit that I was well we were
there in the van I think that we drove
at the wrist the leather big moth came
flying over and it we thought bass of
this young dar sells air it's like the
best thing I've ever heard about a
scholar but I gotta go to bed now guys I
wrap up today's vlog so hope you've
enjoyed it if you have make sure leave a
light-gray to subscribe I'll see you
guys tomorrow for the next vlog at 6
p.m. where we're gonna be heading from
glasskey today after this meetup I'm
going to be going getting the ferry over
to islands so my Irish homies Dublin and
Belfast are gonna be doing some meetups
in them two locations so not to show
when makes you follow me on Twitter for
updates of it I'll see you guys when I
am in Ireland tomorrow so it's gonna be
fun meeting all you place all your poor
your places your places your face is so
yeah
much love this trip so far has been epic
I cannot wait to get to sleep now cuz
I'm exhausted and adios
