well no one turned up to me well that
guy did look at him I love you pat nice
buns they look pretty good man I like
them but these guys actually Scotland
for the win
I wake up Nick's got me a cup of tea
he's making food you know what I'm just
a fucking shit for us if you're lucky I
might attempt to Mario you know tell
your wife to get gia Libre oh that's a
beautiful day in paradise at a great
night's sleep and now there try and see
if this is the shower block and start
the day showered changed ready to rock
and roll the vehicle is looking
beautiful and ready Nick's just cooking
up some food and today is going to be
the Edinburgh me up hopefully good
turnout of people there's been a day's
notice for it within three hours of the
Angel of the North one yesterday was
easy like 300 400 people so I'm not too
sure what to expect with Edinburgh some
reason I'm mentally thinking less but
we'll just have to see are we cooking
young Nicholas hmm wait I don't see food
yeah get back from the show oh I love
your neck you know what I would actually
marry if I was into men and you were mad
Nick because this look yeah I'd love
some pots on top but this looks really
good little bit of have you talked to us
on stops awesome thank you very much sir
I appreciate that
oh you I would love a little bit of
pepper pepper just a small bit just a
just a crank Diego no I'm inside as well
and you've got four bits there are four
bits that's perfect not a big pencil
like Oh doing my daily chore
disconnecting the power cable like a
boss I've done my duty and have emptied
the better and I just need to let you
know that the seal is a little bit loose
so if you take too many dishes at all
leak this is our daily language by the
way cuz we're in Scotland shall we bet
liver that's how we bet Napa
he's on water Phillip duty I was on poop
ranching duty so yeah there actually is
a seal on the actual toilet i think
that's like broken so we have the
pleasure if we pee too much it will
overfill goodbye Lynne water you were
brilliant empty in the pisser and look
a yellow phone box was brilliant thank
you for your time
goodnight oh wow that's the train we
need to get and we're going to miss it
hopefully they come out every ten
minutes and we're fine here we are on
the tram going driving traveling into
Edinburgh how are you enjoying your tram
ride so far horrible short weeks I was
looking at the map I was like right on
my bed up there natural stuff oh my feet
are walking on Edinburgh Edinburgh SHhhh
oh wait drink me Oh the crossing oh no
no no no no this is the shit right here
nibbly who decided to make the most
amazing playlist so the entire playlist
that we're listening to is an open
Spotify playlist yeah yeah right I'll
leave it down in the description for
everyone to be able to go and follow it
okay
bomb it's the most amazing songs of
trolling and good fun and it's basically
just made for twitch . that's what it is
but thank you for the playlist
I hate yeah the pizza that song is now
stuck in my face I don't want to put you
all out of any where I could have picked
to do a meet-up I chose the top of this
friggin hell Nick we didn't we didn't
think geography geography about this one
your fault
you chose this siblings actually it was
you and I think we've taken the wrong
way I don't think this is a workable
path Nick we have to work out how to get
past this trench and up that hill well
Carlton Hill is where we're supposed to
be going we're not late yet we're on
time but what hell I'm actually
exhausted are they with me to the
Scottish Monument I'm sorry for wrecking
your accent this guy's trying to dive in
the vlog we'll see you here who's here
to see me but I'm walking right to the
top of that and I'm hopefully taking a
fault with a rod I'm assuming some of
these people here to say hello now said
you bro let's do this okay so I was
expected a few people
well shit we're gonna get in trouble for
sure like I thought a few people would
turn up but this this well I have to say
Bharata is amazing she bought me some
swag so thank you very much that I
really appreciate so give me high five
legend I've been given some pretty cool
stuff let me just show you this wall of
I am blue 42s
and ginger not gingerbread shortbread
someone gave me a mixtape there's the
crowd by the way he just gave me his
gameboy and Pokemon ali-a eat your heart
you definitely made it because you
brought the cutest little thing ever
wasn't it look at his poor look what it
just did it's like homie it just
fishbone neck what's his name you know
that name no it's just mostly out the
mums like I'm not naming the dog Tom
it's a bit it's a bit Tom again John
with Harriet was a wizard bonus in the
original shirt he was like because I was
like curtain zo6
he went and got me a Chevy watch look
that my boy it sure is like 100 positive
yeah what an absolute legend make sure
you hope you up dude thank you so much
can we give him a round of applause for
now
there's no weight moving ahead to go to
hot weight the Queen no I'll go we're
good we're good
you're everyone act suspicious Sardis
doesn't like Pokemon I've signed a boob
this trip all right I'm four head of
time someone's Diggler Saints on this
why am i signing your cucumber oh no I
don't know where this thing's been
all right well is your cucumber sign
sighs man it's not a foster guys care to
explain wash your mouth
penis chop lollipop in your possession
boy explain yourself
this is trying to fire someone else now
we all know it's yours all my stuff that
I was given my I needed a bodyguard to
look after it so you were chosen
somebody gasps thank you very much for
looking up for it so there's this nigga
shot if it doesn't fit sorry
well at least you can have it that cool
yes I got it thank you very much John
congratulations on winning yourself the
razor now B watch acceleration on wid
open facebook legend all right so
because there's just so much dumb like
drinks and stuff like that all in this
bag then it's ripping and I need to
carry all your actual stuff home we're
gonna give away the lucozade and was it
I forgot to give that away so we can get
the actual stuff back so everyone came
to me open get me some thank you very
much
well that was successful that was that
was amazing
that was absolutely incredible really
really enjoyed that you can introduce
yourself God what's your name Thomas Tom
Thomas Tom legendary name you flew all
the way from the Czech Republic
yeah that's a seat what an amazing
amazing guy thank you very much for
coming I swear I'm sorry about the
weather it could have been better and
I'm sorry about I have to shoot but I
got four and a half hours to drive sir
thanks for concept difference buddy yeah
safety first well saying that I've got
like a bag full of alcohol that like 14
year-olds brought me so we'll see how it
goes the cheeky nandos is exactly what
we needed up stop me up you're playing
footsie under the table and it's just
kind of weird I also spent an entire
coke all down the side of me and look
how much sharp you've got on me is it
there okay I'll see it well gonna put
your ass dude objective so obsessed I'm
gonna work he'll work it baby work it
work it
I got invited to go through the enema
dungeon through somebody works there's
I'm gonna tweet them see if they can
still get us in for free and go around
it because I'd love that sort of stuff
so if we can then I'm gonna go there
anyway but we've got an entire bag of
absolute swag is it heavy yeah look how
much stuff we've got but this is all
gifts off people there's like beard
these drinks there's food there's
everything so we'll try and see if these
guys have got spare bin bag we can
borrow because it's ripping and it's
gonna fall over we got no other way to
carry it home so thank you for the gifts
I am now just encumbered I'm like in
Skyrim like I could not carry this
amount shout out to the staff at Nando's
for the new bin bag sorry to insure what
yes thank you stop over here in the
standards that word for the bag can you
tell you when you're blogging no new
right there again but Nick you're bald
as fuck
James had to play this game and I
basically just gave it away to if you
got another girl yeah so you could you
could close that Square up if you want
yeah this is the last time I'm able to
air a tenured you kicking my ass
damn boy here in Scotland we just saw a
dude taking a shit in a bush that's a
something to check out but we're gonna
try and get hello we're gonna try and
get on the tram now head back a little
bit go and check out edinburgh castle
and if the dungeons are still open and
the guy works there go swing by and say
hello to that guy tweeted me hope we can
find him I'm approaching the weather in
Edinburgh is delicious where you going
you know odd sort of quick segments put
sing let's get off is by both made it to
tourist central aka Walmart the Royal
Mile well I made it I made it
I'm exhausted Chili's wake away
sort of focus oh whoa oh yeah well glad
we came up here dude I proper feel like
I'm in like a medieval video game for my
gosh I feel so Scottish I feel so sky
oh my god it's magnificent oh yes
we're busy filming this guy's a legend
pay the man oh my goodness me that
actually looked real
that's Royal Mile if you found the
Scottish wixi Exmouth I like you
let's go that was shot awful
Nick wants to buy a little toy every
place that every stop every stop we get
stupid fluffy super Miss New Castle so
you could have got an angel than a fair
we didn't so I feel like I'm shorting
the devil a turn off the shop they
should do business all right but I don't
know what this is a strong cuishle said
jinkies Scott totally yes so close yet
so far they closed the castle at five
o'clock we had no idea so unfortunately
we can't go up to the castle and I can't
pretend I'm from medieval fans hey every
time the tourist board of Edinburgh if
you happen to see this and you want to
invite me back to the castle one day
that would be amazing
thank you this isn't the true meaning of
being a tourist then I don't know what
is walking around carrying loads of
stuff with an ice-cream in the rain in
Scotland King
cheers mate Cheers have located the
Edinburgh dungeon I don't think we're
gonna find the guy but I really want to
go in anyway just because I love
gruesome stuff like this plus it's a
boat ride sure brings with it a sharpie
wait that actually does look like it
especially me yeah wait the guy from
Game of Thrones yeah
someone's up in his off-day we're in a
minute glass mate oh okay I thought that
was me
wait I think this is the star this is
the star okay so he has to go back this
way this is a dead end
where am I going I'm genuinely so lost
in this maze right now hello
yeah that's America ah this is not
murder that's a Maura
oh so we finally found it what's your
name again
quick Craig we found you Craig taken
very well you're the boss it's committed
a great performer I really enjoyed it
well this person went all tricked out
with this Land Rover look at it blacked
out it's got the e like the extended
ventilation for the the engines to fight
that thing I don't know it's the
exhaustion or the engine but look at
that pimped out everything that's well
cool back in camper van and we're just
gonna lock the bikes back up on the back
of the vehicle they get transported yet
somebody parked like this up Oh some
part like right next whistle calleb the
door so little bit more Nick a little
bit more got a friend Amy boom boom boom
you got a friend in me bragging we you
it's been a long time since I get your
face but I'm gonna eat you now how
that's pretty good
oh that's just rude Nick
well I had a wagon wheel in probably
about five plus years because it's my
grandma used to I was giving me it
tastes quite fight just crunchy
I don't remember yes man that looks like
quite loud money putting in there bugler
yours 75 pound of diesel well certainly
put five put on the dot
yeah good job is that fault uh did you
automatic lick off in a little bit ball
all right
ah 67 meters hello too cute of a good
journey other of a campervan
oh what a still on the road and we've
got our times it right now twenty past
midnight and we've got another two hours
to go before reach our destination but
oh my God look at this milestone 12345
miles one two three four five if that's
not impressive I don't know what is Nick
I'm so proud of this moment now here we
are 13 miles from John O'Groats we've
driven six and a half hours from
Edinburgh I don't think that's actually
correct enough how many a miles though
270 270 miles from Edinburgh to here nan
fucking stuff I may add but also being
great to travel here with Nicholas the
dickless because this is something I've
always wanted to do my entire life so
we're 13 miles away from it happening
did you just call me Nicholas the
dickless I don't wanna dickless by the
nicholas Nicholas ridiculous he is
ridiculous oh yes we are driving into
the maiden of the mist
look at this dick but why was that we've
made it to John O'Groats but we've not
officially made it until I get a photo
outside that there's so many flies out
right until we see the sign John O
groats can you hold it whilst I pose in
front of it like a little tourist
highly-paid it black old see I finally
paid it we said I was gonna drive it
Nick almost run over that fucking rabbit
poor thing oh I finally made it
Nicholas the dickless good job my friend
yeah absolutely
nailed it oh wait maybe we could have a
bit little more white that'd be great
I don't care that it's 3 o'clock in the
morning nothing can stop me in as though
I've come to John Oh girls I'm finally
here for the first time I look like I'm
being abducted by aliens there's a beer
where's yours come on man we have to
celebrate this go on in stop this mmm
I'm only doing this because I feel like
my dad was disappearing feathers Thank
You Mimi
great Kabir we've made it one fell to
the top of the country
if I say country that wrong oh that's
right we made it to the top of the UK
top of Scotland top Scotland top of
Great Britain top a great room we made
it to the top of it just the so many
people in the Commons giving a shit are
we saying it runway yeah yeah Cheers
we are now touring the UK and island day
go to success and in the morning which
you'll see the beautiful view arising
Cheers
just like this okay fuck yourself Nick
there's no way this is it this is the
post that points out what the landing
end John O'Groats oh my gosh it is holy
snap whoa so to think about this right
now we're gonna drive 874 miles plus
we're going to Ireland to get to the
other side of the UK and we've just
driven 273 from Edinburgh whoa yes this
is really in Wow oh oh that's actually
the furthest but I don't think it
classes the UK
so we've not even quite made it so we
need to go to our CLE or the shellings
are the Shetlands poker overcome this
bombs
this'll do this is my girl routes for
the win I made it dad I made it Cheers
I just Cheers the John O'Groats sign
with my bear oh there's a tree tucking
in the back distance apparently hey Nick
have you ever considered yourself an
end-to-end air we're gonna into end with
a big diversion yeah we're like yeah we
could that we could go straight from the
top to the bottom but instead we're like
Skype boom
we're end-to-end side to side us we're
just called compass man at one job Nick
securely environment before we drove the
goddamn Nescafe coffee it's gone
everywhere don't give me that sad lip
it's your own fault we learn from
mistakes okay great you can't solve it
all that's disgusting
what I'm definitely no no you don't got
me anyway yeah what a successful journey
homies I cannot believe it we made it to
John O'Groats I'm looking forward to in
the morning waking up check it out it's
give it cool as chirps but then as soon
as we've done that we're gonna start on
our journey but down towards the coast
because we're doing a meet-up in Glasgow
we don't have a date just yet but we're
gonna check out on the Loch Ness like
the bet nervous thing like all the cool
white sort of like things along the way
down there
we're in no rush again so it's gonna be
cool to be able to do these sort of
things but man it's so honestly it means
so much to me to be here just because of
the amount of times I've sat in my car
late at night like when I'm finished
blogging that I'm just like it's like
it's six hours from et at scholar that's
six hours from its kids like journal
grows I just I might just drive there
but then when I do like really a nice
like I can get there in four and a half
hours and I can go back and do it now
and I've always just wait to like vlog
like good night and then the next day I
wake up in Scotland like so yeah I drove
in Scotland overnight and I just thought
be really cool so today was the day that
I did it
Nicky's now going to make a some little
nice tasty supper
because you're just a gentleman thanks
Nick and yeah genuinely stoked I'm so
glad you meant you guys watch these
videos because I like sharing my life
and this is a great like piece of that
so nah totally gay but it is what it is
Nick I gotta give you man this looks
like a pretty dank ass cheese on toast
we forgot to buy brown sauce what brown
sauce and cheese and toast oh you're
dead to me Nick joke I'm gonna fire on
you in your sleep tonight what about you
will be able to get all the love you
show us Wow day two have been together
and we're already straight savages to
one another you can create this you
fucking deserve a kiss have negative
characters fuck yourself almost well
it's got to end yesterday's vlog but I
definitely have to say guys thank you
very much for all the love and support
on the vlog trees and they're really
appreciate everybody's been sharing with
their friends and all that sort of stuff
but go wrap this up it's gonna be a
struggle to get this vlog up on time the
moment you're watching this right now
it's nearly 3:00 p.m. I got three hours
to get the vlog up I got no 3G no 4G no
alt and no Wi-Fi to be able to do it so
it's most likely gonna be like on this
video was 20 minutes so it's gonna take
from it so very very sorry for that I
love you guys faces and I will catch you
tomorrow for the next daily vlog which I
hope to try and get up on time which
again most likely won't happen so
hopefully I'll see you guys that is
