last day good that sleep feeling fresh
feeling flower time to go downstairs and
dad know that that's not what I want to
do gonna be fair when we miss a
breakfast like this one day it makes you
so goddamn sad but when you get it again
new day beautiful weather it's called as
tits it's so windy and I haven't
actually edited yesterday's vlog yet so
today's vlog which is yesterday's what
still not doing it if I don't get round
to doing it soon and the vlog is most
likely gonna be awake and as soon as I
mentioned the weather oh my god this is
Ana has come out in glory oh my gosh
Alice last day are you feeling great
yeah yeah we put a good Slee yep
feeling red over a fresh are you feeling
yeah alright well I'm gonna try and get
through this crowd of people here I look
so much ah so I like everyone like
Heather hands that are so yeah we're
gonna just there crack through all these
and start the day The Syndicate blog
start back pubes sucks your face and
potato iPhone shorts t-shirt wristband
DC's opens bag spike to pair you know me
pretty well man you know me pretty well
as weird as this is to be like so
excited but we came to the show we like
we always have like the same security
even this time we had a different
security team and the team is awesome
but the hench's most good-looking guy is
back again I went through the entire
team was so upset that we didn't have a
cell
it's good to have you back even though
it's the last day so I'm slightly
disappointed got going to get a
wheelchair apparently you guys have been
running people over and causing chaos
here let's stand everything's going
absolutely smooth you know just say
hello to everyone and this guy comes
over stealing t-shirts from me exposed
hey I'm still rocking it you look
terrible
I like Byron you the man because it came
with this it's a three piece piece of
art with the thumbnails from all of my
Forks so it's like dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun and I was wondering if
it's like there's duplicates in there
but from what we're seeing this is
actually one of every individual one
with syndicate Western Hills so good so
give me a fist bump yes thank you very
much we'll hook you up with some swag
for that thank you oh well just cuz in a
wheelchair going in to vlog this guy go
on alright please over mate this guy can
pop wheelies in his chair dude what one
can you fish bump me at the same time ah
amazing Ross we've already met before so
as a pleasure to see you again when Ross
steadies brought some pop vinyls for me
and by the look at the size of this bag
there's quite a few in here oh my gosh
is it like the set or something yeah
it's all minus the call yeah okay so I
don't have these so far I'd okay that
dropped him you definitely don't have
him oh wait there's a big one in there I
don't that one either I have the fur
edition okay what is this trying to get
it out
oh wow wait Oh one for the other door
yeah you watch the vlogs man Oh what
what oh my god the sick the crystal shit
oh hey dude I got handshake thank you
very much laughs oh is that well this
just got real you know you on a train
ride yeah it is not a ten I don't know
how I feel about this I really don't
know how I feel about this
you're straddling me so this is just
really fucking gay this is how we
introduce people over across the water
ha ha ha oh we got Olivia Sean
we have to go there we don't we don't we
don't we are left with innocence today
stuff that was good fun we played some
games
I went smoothly had a blast we
technically won which I don't know you
guys yeah definitely one that you guys
won that but thank you for thank you for
letting the losers feel like we're
actually just say one simple job to ask
Nick to Spanish shirt and he signed it
Nick the dick and then mini lad came
inside the shirt bro damn it Nick god
damn oh and done not only are you
rocking the swag you guys came to drop
off a pretty epic gift so thank you for
Harry fucking Potter in his train it's a
pop figure so this is going to be going
on my shoulder my overcoat I still don't
like loads of them over there like
someone give me the break about our fee
book I didn't even know this existed so
thank you very much
the last reveal we shall reveal oh wait
where's Nick gone I'll do it on a dick
thank you for waiting where's he gone
where's he gone let's knit gun what the
fuck's sake Nick is useless oh this is
today's end of collection someone
brought me I'm actually not sure where
this is all from again but got a bottle
of wine for the girls that BOM ba ba Mei
energy drink you need come with the fuck
and no idea what that is
we got Killer Croc Holly Quinn Gamora
Drax was that Rocket Raccoon much--but
we've got a raccoon but not that one
star-lord haven't had that one check
this bad boy out Heisenberg and to make
it even better it goes perfectly with
the crystal ship if we got a side-on
I don't even know that is star wars
against each rupee oh I think I've got
that one so I'll torch now charity and
we got terror and then we got thing as
well as a big thing over it is this just
think it's the dock I'm pretty sure
that's the dock I'm not actually fully
too sure
got a lot of other things as well as
well as a Harambee mode so you know
that'll come in useful still don't know
it's inside this pretty fucking happy I
might actually open up now see what it
is before I take it home and it fucking
explodes on me or something like that
and then we got ghosts I don't think
I've got all ready so you know what
thank you to everyone I brought these as
well as 12 million litres of lucozade
over it and boom cut room now we pack
everything up we're finished we're done
you are so I thought you fired get a
shit job this year you're terrible one
sec put the D keys back on I need a new
pair these are the ones like Oh DC sent
me and I think I've got another pair
waiting at the house because they sent
me a pair of month now which is pretty
fucking sick but nonetheless I had a
great day great me absolutely loves
people how did you enjoy today that was
it that was a good answer it was like
very emotionally shit was nothing in the
box oh yeah great day had fun honestly
really nice to meet everyone I did do
some on stage till today which I wasn't
good about bought because it was Monday
it was less busy so I use that time
instead after I finish the stage just to
meet everyone didn't take your lunch as
usual and it was absolutely fucking
sweet to see everyone so thank you for
coming well ah hey guys could add
success you write success everybody is
in destruction mode the 3bd booth what
would the 3bd booth is being ripped down
as we speak looks absolutely magnificent
here we see this story of Alan did you
enjoy meeting fans today Alan yes this
is just fucking crazy
we're dismantling our stunt from the
side and as that we dismantle it these
guys are building a brand new stunt for
someone else who's next in the hole
so it's just like what to get y'all in I
know Alice said we've done an amazing
job
mother stop folding up a hoodie is you
did an amazing job I'm very proud of
here same again at gyro gamer
one last day your voice is God and India
won't believe that toughen anyone hello
it's a tuft India's guess what so next
time will be I really wouldn't I love
little purses it was he a wild Luke
trying to turn the empty booth into its
home beautiful once they were bustling
hallways but now there are empty
playgrounds for me if I had that scooper
oh my gosh doof
this is what I need look at the end of a
long day goodbye Eric goodbye Jason we
love you we do it we're having a drawing
competition of drawing a t-rex Cathy's
going up that I could believe with him
I'll show you mine in a second because
we don't gassy
don't say Bernie got finger up the ass
red and added on legs and wings stick
you know just stomach shut up is only
what to Weight Watchers it looks like a
giant Christmas ham like you literally
looks like counting ham legs then for
you stay skinny Yeah right legs like
that you're already home while Brian
just went weight eat like each other
three dimensionally is this a man with a
bit oh that's a tongue with a mouth oh
shit but the thing is if it's a bold
move but can he pull off the dimension
exactly
shit whoa dude how you feeling gassy I
don't think we have this anymore
suck it dry your hind legs or my tiny
stick arms I don't think I don't think
I'm gonna succeed we should have put a
timer you have to put a body in here no
I'm a I'll make it real
I have to be a body of some sort it has
to be the criteria I'm saying it looks
more like King Kong right now he looks
more like King Kong
it does look more like King Kong holy
shit actor does it like King Kong okay
and here you have terrorized this
version which to be honest it looks oh
wow this this could be a t-shirt decided
it is good
I'm gonna give you shit it's a gorilla I
got and this is aggressive just body
everyone rational what the fuck's going
on with this foot yeah it's a touch it I
just got this one going down this was
like here's his hand like oh hey hey and
he's like kinda just got it aha
like that alright okay Hilary yo now the
official judges go to begin in three so
this is the first entry this is a the
top it looks like a dance or crowd okay
I feel the detail we were going into one
of those crackers used to get at our
kids I'll take that as a compliment
all right listen this is the Tom asaurus
rex okay
that's your first entry the next census
entry is the maximum Maximilian's Rex
looks pretty damn good not going to lie
it's even got with that signature and
last but not least we have King Rex
all right guys another King Kong ah so
so in third place who comes first
third place my god oh my god I'm so
nervous so in third place I want to
prove my teacher how the hell did I get
third place right without logo sanim my
current teacher went out again do my
exam said I will never amount to
anything in my life this is what you're
about to do right now I don't need you
lower level R so this isn't just right
your life is depending on this moment
right now then the things I suck account
I'm getting all that on my Ellery I
didn't see how much okay
it is our place you in first he went all
right in second place
oh really
but he said I'll high and the woman is
shows the widow but yeah make sure you
know this Rex they stuck a translation
jump to jump team good job dear anybody
at WWE please don't go price like this
but what the fuck is going on
I see what fuckers know it's time to
corn for jacking off Dale until then
done to them did understood I'm down to
say a Cheers
a big chels absolutely sure cheers to
insomnia 58 being a great success team
that good job you're absolutely smashed
it and to the next in some of your event
where we can all enjoy there's everyone
literally went to the bar with everyone
tonight at a great time was wearing my
one out of 300 limited edition YouTube
jacket and when I went to leave the
jacket was gone I was sat with good
people and I everything was fine and
then I was like oh the jackets not there
so I went speech security safely clipped
on the cameras to see where he'd gone I
was only there for like two and a half
hours I said can you look through it and
the guy was like I get off in two hours
I'm not gonna look through security
cameras to find your jacket and I was
like that just doesn't seem like I think
a security person would say something so
fortunately I'm now lost my youtube
gaming jacket which is limited edition
and the security guard would not help me
whatsoever so has no surprise didn't end
yesterday
right now in a taxi well I said taxi I'm
a private driver to take it to our
destination cuz we're in Spain so yeah
you'll find out what's going on in
tomorrow's vlog then I haven't got my
YouTube gaming jockey bag no idea if I'm
gonna get it back so yeah that kinda
sucks really bought nonetheless I'm
absolutely tired I'd only had about like
two hours sleep I'm gonna pass out so
figure out what watching says what could
you Joe it actually like rate subscribe
I'll see you guys tomorrow
ideals
