it's the new day it's the new dawn and
this hotel still smells uh something
I've not put my finger on what it is
that it smells up but I'm pretty sure
that's the stuff today's try to find out
what mine absolutely blown right now
Jack's about to disappear he's like I
caught your present look at this it's
got a glass engraved wives to shot make
the most of it and on the bottom of it
my logos on it Alex look it up dude you
have the man that is so freakin cool now
don't worry mama I'm going to thank you
so much for that there's gonna be my
official drinking glass in my house
Jacob
you are the man out of all the gifts
I've been given something that I want
right now soup goes oh my gosh
I love you I'm sorry sorry I'm sorry I'm
late
how do you guys I want to say hello to
the Lord you guys think a lot too it's
so spacious as anything these guys have
been up here for nearly an hour right
yeah they've been waiting up here
because like they won the walk-in so if
you guys like syndicate Metro razor
stuff then you can get like entered into
my trophy and play overwatch me for an
hour and yeah I would stuck out there
doing the Meetup I said stalk it was
pledge ceremony well yeah I was doing
the me up the entire time so now it's
time to play some video game so let's do
it oh my days the amount of things
people brought is ridiculous I got so
many Wow okay then who brought me vodka
who brought me what what oh my gosh
obviously presenting oh my god dude I
told you these UK events are something
that you just never experienced how do
you think of how many thousands people
you met today seven hours in a row
we did all of analysis everybody then we
did that Brian came up and I was like
alright I'll stick with Brian Stann
stood up that all Brian's and then Nene
came up as like to do mine too I was
like oh fuck
it was awesome awesome me you guys it's
just very very tiring so this is the
three BT boob is looking awesome we've
got all the videos playing of either
craters when they're due to me ups
because they're just blasting my tunes
but so many watts do to me hook and then
peak fans crunching videos in the
meantime and then I'm not sure what this
is fully about counting it's just the
merch place oh yeah man everyone's gone
I can't wait to see them of all pissed
off fucking love this guy whoo that's
pretty cool this is the three BD
after-party thing well I say after pipe
it's just after hours I don't know these
guys are waving at me I totally cut into
it look at it going to die doing this
but I managed to find myself a scooter
I'm trying to drive it I'll ride it try
to ride it with one hand which is
probably not going to be successful
but I've got the entire haul empty
basically to myself to just scoot around
and not crash hopefully right now like
uh mostly miss vixen what's up girl
this is gonna be good job of making fun
of them we got a great start off with
definitely not Terrorizer so he sucks
just kicking back here in the back of
the show
everyone's here in front of me on stage
i'm just injured away with like this is
the most fun I've had in such a long
time sounds so hard but a scooter
and open arena like this is this is this
is what dreams are made of right here is
what dreams are fucking me a completely
stuck up on stage not supposed to be
here on stage execute a person skewer
and jumped on stage
this is the best random stage experience
is over I need to ninja the fuck out of
here before I get shouting up my
security you can't make this time ago
these guys said they're going for food
Arango Alice ordered some food and as I
got it's ready
three how do you think it went how do
you sister I'm very proud of you
I was very happy to see you we all love
you these two they're so great they're
going to bed them as everyone is
exhausted so with everything that
happened with the shenanigans of the
food last night in this hotel I have to
say the service here has been amazing
because I came back to my hotel room to
find this saying Tom were extremely
extremely sorry for the poor standard of
room service she received last night
this is certainly not the standard
service we expect and falling for guests
in English and a full investigation will
be conducted please enjoy these beers
and others and do let us know if there's
anything else I can do like these guys
have been awesome ly cool throughout
like even I just need to point this out
I don't know where that other nut there
it is here's the other know that you
know when I did the review and I was
like this is the hotel room I mean oh my
god it smells amazing amazing like loved
the hotel room and I jumped on the bed
it was like solid as a rock
well they actually came in and put an
extra bedding piece on it look like they
came and added a zip late I don't sip
and Inc a like dip and link topper to
your bed to make it more comfy so like
that they hooked me up with a crate of
beers so to the staff members here thank
you very much that is absolutely
incredible so I will definitely be
enjoying them on my last day tomorrow I
did an absolute terrible job of vlogging
yesterday I was just so tired and all my
energy was put on nothing but meet and
greets me and greets me and raised me
angry so that's all I was doing but I'm
fresh today eaten unlike raids rockroll
Salah stayed who's gonna be epic why you
guys like fondling each other in the
back what the fuck is going on that's to
sexual on this boss I can wrap up
today's vlog so we should leave a light
green subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 o'clock tomorrow's vlog
being today we're now will be much much
better so yeah looking forward to
meeting every once again and
leave a comment saying snakes are sexual
goodbye I feel like I shouldn't say this
on this bus with you around
