Martin Takei together nearly have no
voice so it's gonna be a whispering vlog
good morning Steven dinner has been
served either way like 5:00 a.m. last
night which is like late but nonetheless
we're going for some Nando's and then
maybe we're gonna kick Brian's acid go
garden right are you brushing your teeth
are you brushing your teeth after you
said you were ready to go by I I am so
tired like this I'm trying a metric just
the record this is legally a 4c a car so
you are okay to be back there it is they
are actually jazzed seatbelts
I would love to take you in the defender
but she's broken goodbye now the squad I
melt ezel we're supposed to go it's like
a city game tonight look that's canceled
I'm dying
yeah what for three grand for four days
realized I was related to Nando's but we
feast like gods look at this is like the
Last Supper before you guys leave so
glad you came
enjoy the food
oh how are you supposed to come everyone
in this building just got Ozzy flew Tom
McAllen will be disappointing
okay be much look good bye hey rat-face
good look good bye
Oh 18 she's Michael Jackson in rat form
is that is in just having a conversation
with some guy bumped into literally had
my pants down
don't you know but when I'm around don't
you worry it's it's one-nil to you that
means I gotta get you back I gotta get
him you just give me the green vacuum
okay go done and yes stop flirting with
him loosen his ballot like booth get it
out and I tell me
I get
I always started with two bozos so I had
to discipline isn't still would impress
your woman Brian impress your woman here
we go
what you want Mario that's looking good
I had it right on the nose ah -
kazzie
each other done again let me know uh
what have you got your brain
you if I could see that about my palms
down and a big ol feet nigle nigle nigle
finger in the background oh my god that
was so cute
they lived this one this is me staying
out the driver I don't know comment not
saying anything but I'm sure you've
heard about the Logan Paul thing and
he's just play a video so I'm gonna take
a look at that Logan knows better
I've stayed out of it I'm taking a boom
it's my house I can play with my doll
pretty much in my own house wait is that
the cats tournament why are you watching
me brew stop yeah this is now weird no
seriously stop staring me
I'm not right right right
bad cursor right oh he's filming my
penis come come
well okay but I'm just I'm very much
inattentive why I want for Christmas is
for you to stop and you're gonna get it
our friendship and family is great too
voice she has been getting bullied by
him because look for whiskers are gone
now for whiskers are gone on that side
that means he's chewed them off
seriously also it looks like the caster
shot so friggin oh that was me was it
really no no this chocolate stayed into
it boy
wait you're not gonna say goodbye to her
on your Instagram she's been like cuddly
in the living show I actually think I
love everyone he's been in they've taken
to you guys as guest the nicest that is
little evidence thank you thank you
King God's be little raccoon detail it's
time to divide is that plan a
kokom I'm legit gonna check for you that
you've got everything
I'm not having your English okay I'm
guys Oh a minute didn't look who I did
not look sure I'm sorry sure I changed
my mind don't leave forever will I love
you guys
much love well I say yeah come on Tiger
Cubs get her going
come come come come come come time to
leave I could I just kept going down I
was only meant to go down an inch other
gone okay let's go by the way someone in
the comments said you should rename this
hill instead of Mount Kilimanjaro mount
Cara Manjaro because cars hey so from
now on it will be called mount Cara
Manjaro I'm home sweet home at Cadiz one
kitty where the other kitty wait but
your brother
well this done where's your mother you
know Kitty all the comfy sofa and
everything you could sell on you choose
the back of a chair okay yes to do
today drop Terrorizer off the airport
and then also known as the absolute
legend dived into dived into it
he's an absolute look how convenient
that is lives just across the road from
cleaning service I believe you got your
clothes wet the other night up I know
wrong house okay what an awesome family
like what I'm going my dad disappeared
throughout the night I'm not I think I
found out actually that Sam Jones you
little sneaky bugger Sam Jones actually
ended up he threw up in my doorway but I
didn't see it and I think my dad helped
me clean up the sink and I was like oh
hey up the pot you not my pie kinda
takes a turn everyone's just too drunk
and do
I think my dad was a bit like now I'm
bouncing from here now before it gets
light ki can shoot because my dad takes
so much pride in his house and so do I
by understanding gets messy and I don't
think my dad likes to sit it's not me
talking on his behalf poor doesn't like
to see that sort stuff happen to the
houses like no my baby it's getting
ruined
but you know it's nature of the beast in
it but more importantly it's like my dad
I was hoping he was gonna stay till the
very end
Last Man Standing hot tub and everything
bought yeah just like I think you
vanished I don't even know if I said
goodbye to him a nutball nonetheless I
still can't get over how good of a pie
it was about non-stop messages all day
saying it was like such a good pie but
the question is how the hell how the
hell do I talk that next year
oh this shithole do i top it how do I
talk New Year's Eve this year okay I'm
giving Gadsby silver collar which is it
doing that
look the claws out and he's digging into
me every time he does it look at this is
like this slowly inflate me pill ain't
paying off
finally found the courage to stop
putting away all the parts and whilst
I'm trying to do it certain somebody
spying on go on impress me
Wow incredible whoa I want it all to
flip I want all of it to flip going guys
okay go go go
Oh perfect timing the rice is ready but
oh nice uncle man how am I gonna go and
down and spider-man then Lydia decided
what is it called broccoli Lydia's
broccoli chicken oyster sauce and rice
we've decided that we're going on a trip
so in tomorrow's vlog you're gonna find
out well I just can't get over how messy
this bedroom is look at this floor look
Alex cows mine and yours and that ever
else shows up here as well that night
because there's just random
everywhere it's like betting pillows on
there's just random stuff I am NOT a fan
of this situation that's coming tomorrow
and if she somehow knows of this video
Bev please save my life I love you I
will clean the floor please please look
like there again but yeah what me and
Lydia are going on a venture we go to an
adventure tomorrow and I want you to
guess where others will go in down in
the comments I don't mean just to guess
like Wales Japan I want you to guess
where we're going and what we're gonna
do where we're going no whispering
whispering whispering whispering it goes
by like it does not I'm gonna go back to
school that's the clue oh so yeah
because in Europe yeah but I gotta go
now I'm sorry for not ending yesterday's
like I just kind of walked all the
bathrooms that does it so thank you very
much one should make sure you leave like
crane Brian adjust to my watching this
dude it was a pleasure having you over
it fixing as well do Renee Renee Renee
what I say oh sorry
hey thank you very much for coming I
don't know if you will see this one up
bought it was blast as a pleasure I hope
you made your flight probably didn't
even tell us so I'm not sure but I'm
assuming that yes much love to everyone
leave a like rating subscribe doing on
occasion well and it is 2018 day two is
over so let's see if we can hit 1111
like Britain's but so many migrating
much love Anna saw she done it for me
when I was asleep asshole oh your hand I
need go I always take my tomorrow as
well
I know
