ah this is the one thing I don't miss
about throwing parties back at my house
there's glass on the floor there's beer
on the floor this glasses everywhere
look at the amount of beer bottles I've
tried organizing it a little bit already
there's even more in here this place is
just at it doesn't matter we've got to
get on with it we've got to get it
cleaned I like how I look outside and
there's a beer bottle there we need to
zoom in on this this fear bottle out
here is filled with cigarette butts
because I don't have like a box with
sand in it and people to put the
cigarettes in so decided to put it in a
nice glass bottle the record I don't
smoke but some of my friends give it's
disgusting mmm
that shit is nasty as it stands right
now it's 4 o'clock in the afternoon
I haven't yet edit the vlog I haven't
had any dinner so I'm gonna go get some
quick fast food edit the vlog get it up
on time and hopefully you guys will
enjoy yesterday's vlog so the next day
that is just lots and lots of alcohol
right there to be fair there was quite a
lot of us and for some reason we all
just had an obsession with buying
Budweiser's where's the variety you
usually like have the pie and then just
leave the mess there for like three or
four days but to be honest the citizen
back in u4k for quite a while
want to take care of my home so I
continue son's already on its way down
I'm not really done much today
you know just clean it up the house
let's look at all the dishes to take
care of downstairs another than that
it's just been a relaxing day of
recovery try my best to get my mom to
come to the movies with mix I really
really really want to watch the new
Suicide Squad movie everyone said it's
absolutely terrible like like a one out
of two rated film but at the same time I
still kinda want to see it praise the
Lord for dishwashers look at all these
clean please clean looking glasses don't
have to worry about it but I've got this
up put the thing back on again because
we literally went through so many cups
last night for bed Punk look at the
state of the floor I don't think I own a
mop either no enough of my glasses keep
smashing what is this shit I'm down now
two three of the same glass the hell
much prefer
you know many impress what you know
about using a little rag to clean it
with and then using one of my towels
those swimming pool to mop it up with
that's what you do
improvisation gotta admit I think I've
done a pretty pretty good job at this
the floor is looking mighty clean and
tidy nothing really on the sides oh my
gosh I can now finally relax don't think
there's anything more sadder than burn
pancakes no this is not negotiable oh I
accidentally turned my TV on and diehard
is on yes yes yes Amoy yes I'm gonna go
from my bedroom even though this is big
enough screen to watch it on and this is
confused balls down to the basement and
see if I can get the cinema right
instead of course when I come to
actually use what I want to use in my
house it never works you guys are
basically just hearing me complain again
but basically I should be able to click
this button here then this button here
and we should be watching that I had but
unfortunately it's not working as usual
womp womp depth 98,000 of the house
recovery this is what I have to do every
time I have a house pie I have to wash
all the towels from the pool I have to
make sure all the sides are cleaned down
and then I have to dryer I needed to get
a much bigger washer because look at all
this but this is like my lost property
of things here we have a bra we have
boxer shorts we have a sock we have more
underwear everything but it's all clean
and washed in case people come and claim
it I have no idea whose those towels are
and this is another pile of lost
property so others ooh ok I'm going to
see if that's one side say lost property
you find everything you need odd note to
say here though there's been a lot of
women's underwear that's been left
behind in the past and I just realized
none of it is here once that's a thong
there's a thong nope that's not a thong
so someone easy the coming back claiming
their underwear when they're here or
someone is taking the underwear for the
sake of just taking it
what this is how my night has now turned
out my cinema wasn't working so I cried
and then Becky
nope where's is turned up over it ginger
for a friend and Sam's returned some way
to watch you're watching people urinal
tablets feel so sorry for the guys who
actually do the electrical like
management on my house cuz I'm like guys
it's not working and it's like bid that
on a Saturday so they're like texting me
instructions of how to fix the house
that I'm just like thank you
at the same time I'm still tidying the
house I can said she wanted a dessert
and I managed to order you get time you
get it everywhere let's a look at the
state of it this is a refrozen McFlurry
oh you know yeah you're right you'd have
to either function but that was a good
thought right that was a great that's
great we'll ask you our shoulder how's
it going oh man I got work nice
evaporate and the moment of truth yes we
got it working
fuck yeah same time die hard the film is
now actually over so I can't watch on
this boat I'm tempted to go and get all
my bedding and just sleep down here
tonight put on a movie I don't know or
something like that you know I call big
hero six and just pass out in a blacked
out room where no whites gonna wake you
up in the morning or nothing like that I
can just relax for that so seen as
though died had is a not anymore and my
friends are here I'm gonna turn off the
projector and go and be social with them
rather than sit down here and watch a
film on my own so yeah well that was a
fixed resolution but it's a bit too late
now I missed my film this is the late
night raid stash of what's in Tom's
freezer because everyone's closed and
we're all hungry listen we've got Ben
and Jerry's ice cream agafia one-minute
Jerry's hey I've got two of November
well it's frozen wait bro look is to ben
and jerry's you to try I think it's the
fucking same it is wrecked what in the
hell is handball I've never ever ever
heard of this sport before
ah bollocks I forgot about my thing in
the oven oh it's going to be well bird
actually doesn't look that bad a much
times I got like test 13 it's
what I didn't know turns out it wasn't
burn some that was impeccable timing as
I went over to it turned off nice it's
not bad for a 1:00 a.m. midnight
well yeah me no say it's not bad for one
eye and snap my ship still hasn't ended
I'm now doing the next batch of drying
like a car we like but put like the mess
from the part is still not cleaned up oh
my gosh all I want to do is get in bed
and watch Pokemon but soon as I turn
this on what day well has it singing to
me Sooners are buying this on for three
hours we should be good I'm going to
take one of these towels upstairs to my
room and I can finally go to bed
this is exactly what I want in life more
Pokemon I've actually already kind of
got bored of Pokemon go a lot of people
been asking me like why you're not doing
it vlogs as much why not doing this and
I've been trying not to play it and get
bored of it because I'm going on that
trip traveling around the UK play in it
so I want to get like as good as
possible on that trip and just kind of
like you know distance myself from it so
I miss it and then when I play it like
the next ten days of traveling on the UK
I'm gonna absolutely love every second
of it and I'm determined I'm determined
that on that trip I'm gonna come back a
higher level than ali-a so when they
released battling I mean I was such a
collection of Pokemon I'll be able to
kick Ali A's ass so I think he's like 25
and I'm 20 nearly 21 right now so I got
some work to do but I think it's
possible it is totally the next day but
I'm letting you guys know if you're
going to insomnia 58 or you're thinking
about yeah I don't got your tickets yet
sort of thing then listen up if you want
to get your tickets and get 30% off I'm
gonna put a link down to insomnia ticket
like purchase website that's pretty much
long way of saying it but if user code
ID 58 syndicate or syndicate I 58 the
code will be down in description so you
can double check what it is use that
code you're gonna get self oops and off
all the tickets so you can thank me
later it's legendary I know but I hope
to see as many as you as possible at I
58 because I have 57 will be fucking
awesome so I 58 better be even more
impressive so until then thank you very
much for watching the you guys faces see
you tomorrow at 6 p.m. UK time make sure
leave like creighton and adios
