Oh Jeffrey goodbye my friend the actual
song plays goodbye my lover goodbye /
Fred Botha that's kind of gage goodness
look after yourself dude see like ma'am
bye Jeffrey my name's Jeff my name's
Jeff my lib just and I locked myself out
the house fuck bad way to start the day
in the Sun McFlurry dad and girl that
group sit that is it I'm declaring war
not only if they attacked my windows dad
you've stepped up a notch now they know
that the windows out the key to my heart
the fucking attack this are you choke
him what is with them thank you
what's he doing I literally don't it
like they've put holes in this table
over here I can I show you see them they
put holes in that eating that they've at
my windows and now the rigging of my
furniture bastards
oh it was at this moment Tom just knew
he fucked up I just turned off my
computer which I told you guys I forgot
the password to and somehow like typing
typing dabbing I guessed it and got in I
was like yeah I know the password but
then when I go into the control panels
like I'll change the password now so
I'll remember it I couldn't remember it
so I just let myself on my computer
again Hodge I'm in Manchester and the
GPS uh my sat-nav looked amazing look at
it it's like 3d pitches and she
absolutely devastated I just came down
into Manchester to drop up some
documents sounds big oh yeah I'll drop
it off and then I'm going super get a
haircut I used to try and go to like my
local barber Tony and guy because that's
the hair gel that I used and they do
really good job at my hair and as I got
out of my car there was a barbers
writing for my bike in front of my
cameras all this place looks absolutely
amazing
thought I'd just go to that one instead
it was absolutely empty I was like gotta
go to her completely like know if I'm a
fucking but ranked own Ian guy they're
fully booked running of the Tony guy
there for books unfortunately I look may
look like I'm going to insomnia with
hair like this this is what you call
friendship drive-through at the
restaurant what you look so white what's
that wears is a working restaurant
trying to do his job and I just pull up
by the side door like can I get a
chicken we'll get with fries please
come to love me
that's it fucking cheaper than like
known at its back would you just look at
that view it's absolutely beautiful but
I managed to get my food I got my my got
potato fries and this chicken muffin
thing wait baguette gotta say that's a
funny-looking muffin but nonetheless
about to make it home I think I might
start and do my no man's sky playthrough
a lot of people have been kind of
optimistic about like yeah I'm really
excited but then one person tweet me
today and they were like no Tom no one's
guys sucks I'm like that's fucking good
I'm gonna pop a blood vessel I just
managed to get back to the house and as
I pulled down the drive
I saw three crows again attacking my
house one of them was of the windows one
of them was on the chair and one of them
look what they do to it they just dig a
hole in the fucking roof of it and it's
gonna happen I'm gonna I'm gonna
actually have to kill them like I was
like you know what they've just had a
kid like this I guess is it gonna go
that well that's how sex looks it's like
two crows obviously one's a woman crow
there there there that's it that's the
fuck ah might be but the bay because
it's lying on its own but there's a
mother crow and a daddy curl and then
give birth to a baby crow which
obviously make sense but now all three
of them just fuck up my house wait just
why it's not fun I don't want to have to
kill them cuz it's a happy family you
know they're just probably building a
nest or summat like that they probably
collected the resources from my windows
to build the nests to have the baby
which means that if the other baby is
now collecting resources to build
another nest is another one on its way
which is not negotiable so hopefully I
can stop the breeding happening so I
just need to go find their nest rustle
or Jimmy's that means like rustle the
feathers hopefully and they just move
nests to move somewhere else so I don't
have to kill them
otherwise I'm getting a fucking shotgun
some plastic explosives and a fucking
nuclear bomb and taking care of it
myself
and we kick back watch some more power
and oh my goodness chicken Cajun
baguette okay don't judge me I'm playing
plants vs. zombies because this game is
fucking legit
especially because I just like to
character call the peashooter art spice
you or putt speed spy pee that I just
didn't English at all but if you play
plants vs. zombies you're gonna realize
how good this is look at this look at
this nearly twenty thousand coins in the
game
on players gaming I've no idea what the
fuck I'm talking about but like me let
me show you the score let me show this
cool so if we take a look at this badass
score right now I got myself a hundred
and twelve kills suck these not bitch so
I just really got into that game because
I've never done 100 kills and up ones
versus on the game and I did it so tap
on that shit
it is done I just finished my first play
of what the hell just finish my first
episode of no man's sky it was supposed
to be half an hour long and he ends up
being 50 minutes so cata ridiculous but
this is going to be the hilarious part
so I still use Sony Vegas which I
shouldn't use to make videos and as I
get a set it's like 50 minutes long I'm
gonna click render now to turn it into a
video and this is now going to show you
how long it's going to take this because
it's 50 minute video there's a 1080p
webcam there's a 1080p game player
there's a separate audio track and that
and color correction this will probably
take me like three hours to render a
video like this so in the meantime of
wait you played plants vs. zombies the
video to turn into a full video is gonna
take two hours 11 minutes and it's
probably still gonna go up oh my
goodness is this even worth it welcome
your faces to a phenomenal Caterpie
opening for 75,000 coins what shall we
get gadgets a zombie oh it is soldier
zombie come on is this character a lot
general supreme oh yeah disgusting yep
as usual I completely forgot when
yesterday's vlog hello guest in a video
over here hello how are you doing today
but I'm gonna end the vlog with a teaser
of going off to I 50 X I'm now joined
with a guest that everyone has been
asking where is she
yeah make sure you tune in to the daily
vlogs I'm gonna be in some of the next
four days it's gonna be absolutely epic
to me absolutely awesome
I'm looking forward to meeting all your
faces will show you a follow me on
Twitter for updates of where I'm gonna
be and at around the event and stuff
like that as special and snapchats on
the description below and I'll catch you
guys tomorrow
in the next vlog and it's
