yeah the benefits of traveling like me
ah you don't bring any other bag
you just bring Syndicate original shirts
already pre-folded brand new socks brand
new boxes then you're ready to go night
one in the room was comfiest balls I
only woke up throughout the night once
because I usually don't sleep well in
hotels it's kind of weird but we're good
to go
and we're meeting minilab downstairs
that's rule oh wow I am so overwhelmed
by this breakfast took this is a cheese
Kellogg's no thanks
that's not even play whatever sorry I
made that's not even funny
that is not even grinding work dude you
can have my cheese in how about like
it's really dumb down the road that's it
yeah yeah yeah there's no taking off him
so much to offset his car was outside
and I was like oh what's he cocks you
used to have a gold wrapped out er eh I
believe and now this is his new car oh
my days a gold wrapped BMW i8 holy shit
that is beautiful oh shit oh shit one of
the number one pokemon trainer in the
entire world I wasn't Oprah
dude well Emily now 20 almost 25 you've
got a 1v1 him level 29 he's gotta know
he's 29
he's got a 2600 Pokemon we're getting
shown up are you getting shown fuck here
we are in the heated room that I lied
shining at our faces or out to get some
intros done Steph are you ready mini you
ready mm-hmm
knees weak arms are heavy unser sweaty
my momma's mom's spaghetti spaghetti I'm
appetizing well little bit light oh okay
oh oh this put on the huge
hey I got you dude like you want it oh
wow you actually let me do that
nice buddy yeah I'm not gonna try that
with you I feel like I'm high and I get
a swift elbow to the mouth yeah I have a
spare one if you want
I'm dying he uses it it was like you
fucking tranny death grip choke me from
a distance was like fuck you as a gift
oh really Wow gone sexual done wild at
legends of gaming here we are walking
down the corridor they still have the
room he said we got rid of it that's
enter wait oh shit oh shit what up oh
shit what up let's do this oh shit
what I mean oh shit last one last one oh
shit
what fuck fuck oh shit what uh you can
do this Minnie don't let your memes be
memes
give it blue bleep don't hate yourself
Oh Minnie did it many many balls no can
you do it let's see if you can do it
first time let's see trip
what was that humor percent compared to
walk away yeah nowhere to go buddies I
had got this I got it daddy
oh boy fine work it work it oh oh wait
where are you going down there get your
head away from his crush what is this oh
shit what you guys up for what is it so
names
damn dude that's a that's a pretty
intense wait he said it's pretty cute
it's good it's good
well because I'm struggling try getting
a vlog oh we're like risking a fucking
magic guy's weapons and audience really
like be fired it yet
Oh - change is IO but I'm based yeah
oh you're getting in trouble mini like
I'm on his stomach weight I'm gonna use
this as a visor Gordon best thing about
being on shoot is the sound guy great
weight slide across keep a look I'm all
right how does that work it wow that's
that's got a nightmare this one is
pretty good
whoa scale of 1 to sweaty testicles how
are you guys right now armpit oh yeah me
look like you struggle it's just water
yes don't go chasing sweaty pits sorry
son Rasmus give me my microphone yes he
was the weirdest bit picture of a person
slipping I've ever seen
what's right um maybe like one of your
pretty oh my god fall into acid or some
shit no Easy's half duck oh my god oh my
next stop day one wrap they want wrap Oh
boom this legends of gaming season 3
it's gonna be a minute
it's gonna be really good like honestly
some of the games that we've been
playing or fucking intense especially
you call me you don't you call me as my
knee was like language straight I was
like I'm not gonna that's carry good why
are you then Gyllenhaal oh my god how
much do you weigh I'm actually like oh
my Katie holy shit you're Phineas hook
I've asked bang bang kill dead you think
you're a professional
make it happen that's awful I just did
it fast time is so now
trying to begin yeah all right here we
go okay
oh shit he's choking hello
yo Spence Oh fence
it took three attempts how many times
are you gonna send we did it three times
three times Spence ready
you got this oh that was almost mailed a
mini lot can you do it one can you do it
in one don't choke it bro showered
changed yes I do it the exact same again
cuz I just wear something original all
day every day but we're going to a
ping-pong arena thing tonight called
bounce in London so it should be good
looking forward to it hopefully everyone
should be there but I think ali-a may
have left a mess and Mastrov as well
because they went pokemon hunting got a
catch them all but I tip my hat to them
because I almost went enjoying them as
well but I was like Pokemon hunting
which I've done shit loads of in LA or a
dedicated ping-pong bar yeah ping puck
you guys are really going out Pokemon
hunt in wait what is that
it was like a weird dab of sauce well
these like head into bounce so I'm gonna
throw them on the taxi and go over them
I'm bouncing to bounds I'm starving but
I want to go Pokemon honey you're going
in that one okay I'm gonna come with you
guys totally hey what did you just say
about my body kill dishes for the record
price wise and iPhone to the g7x to this
kid ali-a will you just let say this is
the worst this is the worst volume I
respect the floor it's on my respective
maleate I was
freaking happen goodbye oh my god almost
got well insulted by that I thought my
days alligator ate roasting me right now
but anyway I changed my mind about going
straight to the place I'm going poking
100 instead you guys ready okay are you
ready to go Pokemon her gone
ah this guy doesn't know listen we're
gonna convince you by the end of this
journey to play pokemon go you're
tempted and you're tempted good no it's
just no there's no there's no working
with you then yeah keep the meter
running come catch pokemon with us for
10 minutes and will change your life
always on yours okay maybe maybe we
won't do that but it was like we're you
guys all playing this cuz we're all set
on our phones we were just like yeah
this is what the cool kids - good sir
you are a legend give me a fist bump
thank you very much you have a good day
alright see you later dude what a great
guy Yeah right to be fair that guy was
awesome but he dropped us off there and
we said key drivers just up to the edge
of the road and he said no all right so
we go out and he fucking truck Busters
disrespect you know what because he's
going catching all the Pokemon yeah
actually yeah when he does it what we
don't know he's actually like level 38
or some shit
please nerds playing as well yeah it's
oh shit what up oh shit what up oh shit
what up okay this is why you're a master
Pokemon catch let me see this look at
this
no bull was solely by area wait and I
just show them natural nearby area oh oh
this is about to be amazing this is
about to be impressive so we got level
21 got level 29
we got level - I'm sorry wizard Lilly's
24 24
I'm close 25 like 50,000 expiry sounds
like a lot it's not too bad okay it's 50
this guy on the bench totally playing
time ago yeah we're wait what is that
almost a peacock you got just a peacock
in the what I say so bad I'm trying it
now yo whoa shit Wade look at this whole
thing
that's not exactly little may I've had
bad experiences with animals they just
mess with me probably we're not even
call my eyes out or this what everyone
stood right now this is like a for poker
stop location so these guys are playing
these guys are playing everyone's
playing you ready to catch them all
actually so hi
yeah all right yeah no Caesar days oh my
gosh I want to hear one stop yeah that's
never quite done it yet what is this guy
doing thought was a real person at first
but they're like what oh man I've missed
this this is beautiful but like everyone
is sat wherever you can possibly start
to catch pokemon cops people sat down
there people sit over there over there
over there this is your real life
because I don't think oh I caught a
magical that's a thousand CP that's not
literally why I caught a Magikarp eyes
water literally I can see it look at him
you're enjoying the water
are you phoning him throw your ball I
should rely pokeball just what it taught
in fishing balls take that Alistair
Alistair oh please I knew I knew if I
came out you guys you guys are kind of
like addiction rifle to stay and play
all night like listen Ally I'm down but
I'm hungry what'd we get I'm gonna go
hungry get food in a poker so managed to
secure myself a sweet-ass couple of like
10,000 maybe 20,000 XP pretty happy
without digital Jenny very very good
indeed successful Genesis I don't even
know if I got my reaction but I managed
to catch a Bulbasaur and then several
the some on my way to an ever fucking
dilution we bumped into shit loads of
people in the park as well so that's
pretty damn sweet and now we're waiting
for an uber to take us to go and play
ping pong bring it up em some we made
that in perfect timing they just closed
the pack and we're getting an hour over
and traveling home love you man thanks
for ordering it and we've made it to
bounce so home offend pong
let's go let's do this
and also say I kick I like a leg all
right let's find everyone else
yes boys give me hypo boom thank you oh
well wall wall what the hell yeah this
looks really dumb good smells really
good but will it taste really good
dog it's pretty good I give it a 7 point
5 the caramelized onions very nice cool
this is this drinks our feud is good
people good buys all right you're going
to win
that that wasn't fair that wasn't bad
they have been tall step away from the
puddles of a security guard went and
collected them told them to get fuck out
and we're all taking taxes home to the
hotels now serve time just how did you
go when to become the greatest program
training from the time did you win we
battled each other yeah
don't lie the update is now yes did he
take a tower and any bit you bother many
gyms yeah did you take a gym share
highlights on the gym finale took it
back let's begin and we arrived back out
hotel I guess this is the car the next a
knife is Ali in here yo um what Pokemon
did you catch getting into the tactics
show me no I didn't catch it it failed a
bullet fail don't mean I can't cool shit
and hiss was twice as good as mine wait
what level insane 1200 dragon enemy in
attack show me look at that that's not
even fair that is not even better really
go cry myself to sleep and on that
always da man I am absolutely before
that sliding door Neil until I'm
absolutely exhausted these guys are
having a drink and stuff at the bar over
here
however I'm gonna go to bed so thank you
very much for watching hope you've
enjoyed it we should like go and
subscribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow in the next episode take
everyone adios
