it's a new dawn it's a new day it's a
new memory to think about doing
minecraft everyone's been losing their
shit on Twitter because I drop the bomb
of this maybe just maybe if minecraft
finally drops enough updates for like
vanilla minecraft I may restart the
Minecraft Project will not restart it I
may continue the Minecraft Project so if
you like the idea of that make sure you
leave a like rating and leave a comment
saying hell to the mother truckin yeah
yet again
even more beautiful weather for your boy
jefra i'm going to teach you a tip and
trick of the trade at supermarkets okay
sure
right say I need a milk and I go to pick
that milk up assess the $26 it's near
the front you pick it up look back look
near the back good expires bro I'm a
genius I'm a fucking genius Jeff Jeff no
comment no comment
it's ok it's ok completely spaced out I
did my life look to him like fuck tight
first of all massive shot you could
recognize me this guy was like holy shit
it's chop for the same time Jay come
here man look that way and look up look
up oh right I was in the other day and I
saw I was like what the shit is that
that's the event I'm going to insomnia
like if you guys want to go to insomnia
the tickets are still on sale right now
put a link in the description and I will
see you all that starts on Thursday oh
snap
no man's sky I'm definitely gonna start
a play through this on my main channel
so if you're excited make sure you go
back to my gaming channel which I
actually do have a gaming channel and
watch it Oh literally driving along and
you said I like how there's no traffic
out here like 12 seconds later
we're stuck in traffic zero well no J
you paid yourself you played myself you
placed back arrow man have I messed up
so basically before I set off I set
password on my computer and I have no
idea what the password I set is I have
tried every combination I ever could've
thought as a password the only I gave
was home and I really don't have a
fucking clue
aha 1j to feel comfortable in the UK and
that is at home stop taking it to Five
Guys but and we did flip a coin for what
was it Nando's or five guys who is a UK
and you've already been to Nando's so I
said five guys is I'm about to judge the
shit how are you what are you gonna get
out of all these looking at powering
you're probably used to that
Schweppes your Schweppes dude that's a
better company right yeah Sunday
judgment war what regular lemonade not
coffee you want regular lemonade okay so
here's a fun fact we don't actually have
regular lemonade like that I don't think
hi Emily I think quality lemonade is
what you're after
yeah but I don't want the bubble I had
to have no idea that sorry Jake
his American experience I'm trying to
give him is being ruined
J I'm gonna go with a thought that we've
got enough fries yeah a little cover
fries army little couple girls look at
the fries
this music is perfect and I'll keep on
loving you oh my gosh oh look how nice
that looks
I got the sauteed mushrooms on there got
the ketchup the cheese it is time to see
how big the collection is going to be W
no longer living in my room I'm sorry my
friend we're going to go and add you to
the mighty fine collection which bag
contains the swag all right let's turn
this on and let's hope I'm gonna make it
make a correct decision here because
there is pop figures in all of these but
one has got more than the other so let's
take a risk and take this bag I'd hoped
for the best
wait what the heck is this oh come on 20
years director I doubt pry what I've
never seen this before I'll even know
I've given this who is this off
Israa note inside this bag whoever this
is off thank you so much I didn't see
this these are just the ones out of the
first bag which is quite a lot one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve thirteen point 15 60 70 80
90 a joint or two - three - four - five
60% or night they they want they - 33 34
35 36 extent they ate the knife for I
have for eight in my collection so far I
think twenty of them I bought damn
selmak only Star Wars ones we have a
duplicate we have two Deadpool ones but
that's absolutely fine and yet I've
still got to go through this bag well if
we can pull one out straight away
there's a duck so put that there wonder
if this if this actually got any of em
inning
oh no if there's one subpoena Spock
Danya let the other bank to see what we
need to add to the collection I think I
might just tip it all out see what's in
all of them and then we can just gaze in
awesomeness got a feeling that this is
the bag
most pop figures in sleeping on glass TV
no glass actually no oh there was one
what is this one
ah it's Loki from Vikings so much stuff
still and look at this collection no it
is looking really good I've got I think
two duplicates now I've got one of these
in one of these already and I think I
have one of the prison guards where is
it wait wait why not I thought I had two
of these bad boys
hmm I might actually do somewhere new it
I have two duplicates Joe we could do
probably ruffle these duplicates off the
chariot because Nick with all like the
fluffy cuddly toys I got like these we
auctioned all these off what is this oh
yeah what someone gave me Deadpool oh
yeah
a wicked Oh but yeah we might auction
like Ali like duplicate things we have
off on eBay and then donate it to
charity so yeah you guys might be able
to get hold of these ones and I'll make
sure like I sign the shoe like Andy and
Toy Story I'll sign it Satan Cindy Vince
I still have like loads more pop figures
in one of these upset this is the one
there they are see I told you I have
loads oh my god I knew I had hundreds Oh
there's loads in this one oh my gosh yes
I don't think I have that wait fallout
this is follow Oh two different ones
what poor kid or cajones I'm pretty sure
I've got every like one of these pop
vinyls see that's not pop vinyl so it
doesn't go on the shelf but I'm pretty
sure I've got every pop vinyl out of
this collection onto the shelf now so
look how this is looking right now I've
got these ones so I'm actually wait
isn't that Rick Grimes
I think that's Rick run so we could take
we could take Loki up here and put Rick
over here with these Walking Dead
characters now like I got two Harry
Potter ones together and no I've not
organized more like I can put all the
Avengers together I could put all the
star ones together which I can have done
here like obviously he shouldn't be up
here I got the Batman ones up here with
some more Avengers I've got fucking
frozen in the background over here but
and we can we can work on organizing
these are later I just at least want to
get them out on the shelf but that I
believe is all of them so let's let's
count one two three four five six by the
way the chair actually classes as one so
six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen
seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty two
hundred two - three - four - five - six
- central Hey - another if they want it
two three four five those six it's
empathy 8941 four two four three four
four foot five or six or seven for you
51:42 three four five six seven eight
good night $66 produced ruse for
specifics account 68 69 70 71 holy shit
this collection is looking awesome so
I've got 71 of these bad boys right now
obviously that one's a special one
because that's a big one
that was a special one cuz that's a big
one so the chair as well but these are
the duplicates I got left with so what
we'll have to do is auction these off
for charity somehow like in a giveaway
we'll work out some really really cool
so it's speaking to Nick but yeah leave
a comment as to which one's your
favorite one and over the next few days
we'll work out organizing these and like
see which is the best way to you know
maneuver around the book yeah Mon thank
you so much to everyone who came on the
trip and gave you one of these bad boys
that obviously if you ever come to an
event and meet me try not to give me a
duplicate so if you see one here that I
have don't give me that one but that's
just if you want to I'm not suggesting
people do but if just in case we don't
need Jupitus otherwise we'll give them
away for charity that's sound like it's
the worst thing ever like don't do it
otherwise we're gonna have to give it
away to charity like that's a great
thing but yeah just for the collection
is looking great so I'd like to fill
this like this cook here but the oil
reason we will be able to is because
this is part of the secret opening so
when that opens all this will fall down
so I'll have to put like cool like very
big structured things on these two
inside doors if you didn't know this is
like the secret cinema room so it was
like so like these to open so we can
keep this one all pop vinyls and then
we'll keep this one or pop vinyls and in
the middle too I can put like these
heavier objects that aren't going to go
anywhere so don't tell you what the
secret doors there's kinda like a little
hint something but yeah organize all
these letters later on so I can go
through them all later and yeah that
should be pretty much everything and to
have whoever got in this heart thank you
I'm now officially a farmer I'm just
quickly going through one last time to
make sure all add to the collection we
do have another flash so is this a
duplicate no it's not so did I say 72
it's now 73 look at that a finding ball
when I open that bag in the oil came
flying out I was like whoa we've had
another one yeah wait is that Juba cut
oh I've got Deadshot with a mask on but
with not one without the mask on so
there's another duplicate and the bad
thing is if you're not
kuan hopefully i'll go flying but I
think I've just found another one as
well wait what is it I'm sure I saw
something but there it is I knew I had a
big one
ah so you see that that's like a doo
monster that's the chair that's Thanos
and these are like pop official pop
figures but then this is the evolved
monster so I've actually got another big
one what we could do actually if you
could put the big ones on this side chef
right like what that's not gonna
bullshit so guys that's not going away
so yeah that's pretty awesome or we
could just add him onto the new shelf
and start a new collection over here so
awesome I like that when I open that bag
and y'all can fly that I was like oh my
god it's like Christmas so yeah that
collection looks so sick thank you so
much to absolutely everyone who came to
the new UPS and delivered one that was
like so fucking cool we have to wrap up
today's vlog I'm keeping on the farmer
hand if you haven't actually noticed but
today is kind of different from
yesterday's vlog so yes there's always
like three minutes if that long so I
kind of just because I said in
yesterday's what I was going to put
these on the shelf in that day but then
just didn't because I was like super
tired and just completely forgot but
this is now yes in today's vlog and
yesterday's vlog so confusion but
hopefully as of tomorrow we'll be able
to catch up and be perfectly on sync
with what vlog should be on upon one day
again if you're watching this right now
sorry I uploaded it like apologize but I
have to go and see my mom you'll see why
I saw my mom and got my really cool
birthday present so if you're watching
this make sure you like write in
comments saying Tom I state zillion
because you are a legendary legend of
Legends who sell legends who are legends
on legends of gaming if someone actually
nail actual comment I would be very
impressed
oh yeah sure you guys returned at 6 p.m.
tomorrow where the vlog will most likely
be late as it oh it is and insomnia 58
is just around the corner I am so stoked
to meet so many of you guys it's gonna
be absolutely amazing the pub quiz is
gonna be dope is dopest dope his trips
Geoffrey is chilling out I'm in the Sun
kind of I'll catch you guys tomorrow for
the next glog adios farmer sorry
