now that's what I like to see a nice
clean kitchen that I clean myself some
pretty tempo right now I am feeling so
much better today I had so much sleep
like nine ten hours almost I haven't
eaten any future and it's currently
nearly one o'clock in the afternoon
already but cleaned all the kit job
everything is happy there good vibes
good good energy feeling like I'm ready
to start the day but I need to get that
new camera that I got yet yesterday
working but before I do that let me show
you guys this I went with my granddad
yesterday to a MacOS field on that
little fair and when I was a little fair
a little shopping thing whatever it was
I saw this now I didn't know it came
with a case but I'll give it up it's
broken book now I like collecting like
cool or random things and you might be
like why the hell did you get scammer it
doesn't look like anything special now
first of all that I was like hey that's
pretty cool you know you can actually if
you unlock the top of this you take it
off and you could put film in it I was
going to get well excited if it was
actually like an old school like war
film in there sort of thing that I can
go and get developed but no but this is
actually the camera oh look at that
how amazing is that this is gonna be my
brand-new vlogging camera this thing's
amazing but the cool thing about this as
well as they like it trapped like
attracts a truck what it's camera
actually I don't know if it could be
used or anything for the woman showed me
that if you take out this little pin out
the back this is what they used to do to
write and sign on the actual photos so
you foot down as panel and the film
would be behind it and you'd press
against the film here by writing into it
like the day or the place of where it
was and then it would appear on the
photo or along the bottom of the funnel
like there's no ink in it or anything
it's just like you'd inscribe it into it
so yeah I picked up this for like 20
British pounds I'm like a little sale
thought it was dead cool let's go like I
don't know this is for light and
exposure and stuff like that I'm pretty
sure that's not like a modern-day flash
or anything but yeah picked up this
little piece of care I thought you said
cool I thought I'd show you guys so yeah
gonna be starting daily vlogging with
this bad boy I'll cool it that'd be ok
office you're way too filthy for my
liking so I'm going to try by the end of
the day and get this all completely
clean organized in shelves in boxes in
whatever do something with all this
because this is just way too much been
way too much chaos but if we go over
here real quick this is the new camera
really I'm not joking for the past 20
minutes I've been holding this camera
like looking where to find it and I just
realize this ah how does it fail so
I can now get on my day and setting up
this help soon as though I was gonna
like make this whole video about like
where the hell is the power on this
thing and you guys are gonna help me I
know I'd find it by them but oh well the
quality on this camera is so damn good
like look how much you can zoom in look
at that mustache with it mmm progress ah
well yeah this is all plugged in now I
need a longer HDMI cable going into a
computer into like the device I think
I've got it going into an AV of media
right now and John Casper over there I'm
gonna pull out behind me on the wall but
yeah I've got this plugged in right now
so I should be able to open OBS and then
recording 1080p 60fps as my webcam for
gaming videos and streaming and stuff so
let's see if I can get it working are
you actually serious this is a real song
what there's a damn ton of song oh my
gosh oh my gosh what I did is I had it
booked into the wrong age to my section
but now plugged it in that work I don't
get to it please please please yes what
but at the same time I don't exactly
know how to get rid of all this numbers
around here
um it everyone 3 million everyone tweet
me why don't be like Tom need your help
nailed it there was a button on the back
of the camera that said display and now
it's gone
ok everyone everyone still tweet at mini
live being like need your help wait a
minute note solved it and you'll be like
what the is going on but yeah we
fixed it it's working look how smooth
and crisp it looks God stoked
well talk about impulsive decisions I
just saw mr. Dalek JD talk about how
he's got the 5 guys like 5 minutes away
from his house I just realized I got
five guys about 15 minutes away from my
house so um being the hungry starving
person I am right now I'm going to 5
guys so miss dealt JD thank you this is
exactly what I need right now
5 guys on a rainy day back at Crown
Point not how do I work this futuristic
but Oh oh my god they've got so much I'm
just gonna stick with a coke and oh my
god they have all the cooks I believe
hopefully that is boring normal coke
grab them particles well I'm gonna give
a massive shout out to Layton who works
at five guys in Ashton absolute legend
hooked me up faster with my meal so
thank you very much for that but yeah ah
all the stuff in there super super
awesome super super cool got my food now
to go to syndicate original and go on a
night my system if I find out my
food have you been eating it as well
just a couple chips oh wait you've not
even touch the burger oh I'm fine oh yes
well absolutely
this cop is killing me right now but
listen I got I got a Maltesers in an
Oreo cuz I didn't know who I'd which are
you it's one for you too you get one
each i gosh this burger is amazing
double bacon
wait this is double bacon I think it's
double bacon cheeseburger with what's
going on what what's going on get rid of
these teeth I don't think either the
fries team but I got sauteed mushrooms
on it as well so this thing is gorgeous
yeah no money down no out charlie right
this is not even fair Alice I'm warning
you Alex Elizabeth Zell put it down I'll
throw these really sharp tweezer things
like yeah bitch half of its gotten this
out work that some drew is that good
that we're gonna make it as a poster for
I 58 and hopefully the other show so
some you're a legend this is like the
the retouched up version is doing it's
all well more detailed and stuff so Sam
you know god damn beast shout out you
and question mum good what was that what
was that
probably got you them in the wild out
there for this stuff but I've got a
question for you more wiser ever get
here on something what's going on with
their together so it do we put
these in every single way
so private can I write something on it
and then some whatever rot running the
hole or something today might get it
yeah all right look what somebody done
let's hope it's not somebody does it
tell me you ordered something and I'm
like wiser scribbles how you open this
pen fight whoever gets this this is a
limited edition syndicate swag let's get
him some glasses here we go
all right and then we need the Harry
Potter symbol because I'm a wizard I
would give myself a beard and mustache
but I'm a guy that's pretty good that
I'm going to sign it here the book of
name you're bragging like no this is no
this is all you can't trick me so mum
put this into a t-shirt order of someone
who buys a shirt today so tomorrow and
then this will go in it okay you know
cuz people no need to see in the vlog so
you have the chance to be able to buy a
shirt in the next 24 hours and then they
might get it
okay well that's speaker by the way
listen is awful this is a rip this is a
budget airline this guys this is a
budget
what's first a weight is actually the
second race yes yeah wait well we only
win vanos at tyre yeah I found out the
hard way know what I'm actually going to
do another one but this time it's on the
other side and it's going to be a farm
and it's going to be Duty and then I'm
gonna sign it where do I sign it there
woody milkshake there we go alright no
mom there's another one so two people
have a challenge because it's on the
back on the front so this time I wrote
on this one and look look mom thinking
about the booty being proud of me Oh
pissed off you think oh wow hence it
pensive I'm just I don't know what I was
staring up I'm saying about the booty
see it makes a nice
oh wait put that put that in one of the
orders as well you love it if you manage
to get these guys tweet hours because
wanna be able to see you cleanse it hmm
what is it okay what is it
Darby yes another one to the collection
wait say on it
that's the peel box this I don't if you
guys want to send me stuff up your box
is in the description below
bye let's it is false indica please read
on camera oh that's a good image in
Carson amazing listening Imogen watch
out a girl on my college if not Alice I
realize okay just in a good / Tom I love
I don't know why Imogen sounds like me
like that but I love the blog that's
rather one again I love the vlogs and I
watched them every day
you and Lex make me laugh that's awesome
I must guess she must have said this
when I was in Disneyland with her Disney
World all right
I share the vlogs on Facebook and my mom
watches them and my mum thinks that she
can get a shirt because she thinks she's
too old not acceptable
she deserves a shirt I would love to
meet you I also have a gift to you
Dobby thank you and I hope you like it
you could add to your collection I will
do well you know what we're just gonna
Imogen if you get it and it's the wrong
size we'll send you home
okay thank you very much for the gift I
will definitely add it to the collection
as soon as I get home oh look good him
as good as little salt good everything
look at it it's amazing
oh hey Levi Levi little gobby loss is
definitely the best thing about owning a
clothing line with designs that you
looked at I'm taking one of them for
myself and then I'm taking two of these
a little like these designs and then two
of these so to everyone says ever you
wear the same shirt every single day no
I just have a lot of the same ones hi
back okay that was yeah no no you don't
get a high five you played yourself I
can have a bike to put mine please and
then I will be leaving the premises
where you can you might give me lift on
because oh I was McAfee thermo pose give
them to a customer
oh man um if you were one of the X
Mountain hundred dollars we sent out
today you know my mom's car
Congrats after the entire team was
looking for him you even looked in the
fridge for them I saw you do that that's
how much you didn't know where they were
the cretin arrives to retrieve her
bookmobile yep go and take your own
glorious poo
I'm gonna see if I've got a lucozade in
stock and the answer to that is no only
monster oh my dad's turned up in his new
car ooh will it clear it you wanna you
wanna test oh okay well my dad got a new
count he's about to ruin it
oh my gosh Godspeed Godspeed Godspeed
go on gone
you fine just the underskirt damn son
look at that that treat himself to a
newer oval piece of kit whoo give it a
rev Hey oh oh oh
kill him ooh kill him well my dad's got
himself a new toy I thought it showed
you guys in the book this is the same
BMW that had no windscreen I was kind of
like smashed up here they fixed it all
good good
no do the sardine
there you go I see tomorrow or if I go
to London tomorrow then I'll see in a
few days okay I know but I just got in
am already going we do we do we need to
find it alright love you and leave you
ciao for now brown cow dimple and easy
lucozade ice cream and chocolate a quiet
as well as some what are they called
waffles also I just want to express how
much I love contactless payment you know
how you can tap your credit card against
it I was thought it was stupid
and just like pointless until I actually
used it and it's amazing I'm really
against wanting to move my entire self
from there to there because I'd rather
have one monitor here and then just set
that alarm a PlayStation and Xbox
everything my so I'm attempting to see
if whether or not having the camera
above the computer like that is gonna
work just fine like it it's it's like it
might do and if i zoom in and I paint
this wall green you might actually not
even notice this all about me so if i
zoom into it
wait for it Oh tell you what boys this
is pretty perfect trying to play the
burning zombies map but I'm gonna wait
24 hours apparently for that to complete
so I guess is it going to be happening
anytime soon being the healthy bastard I
am I am going getting Chinese food at 10
o'clock at night because yeah I didn't
think about eating healthier cooking
myself some food tonight which I never
do anyway but yoga will pick up some
salt pepper chicken pieces from a
different Chinese restaurant so it made
Thais tastes like a potato and some
special fried rice so please be good
Chinese acquired do not fail me please
moment of truth will they be good
looking solid chicken pieces the answer
is oh yes they will taste test review
literally forgot if I showed you guys
the update itself that sounds so dumb
but like I'm pretty sure I did but I
plucked in the new screen this is like
the South now and I think it looks
pretty damn sweet I'm installing all the
updates taking even longer but I still
want to switch them around that or I get
another one of those screens there here
and then switch them back and forth but
I don't know what it's like playing on a
console with that sort of resolution
screen so we shall see but then as
always I might fall asleep watching
Pokemon in bed and now I've only just
woke up and it's 10 o'clock
the next day so I'm going down to London
today so tomorrow's vlog will be like a
travel vlog on the train down to London
hanging out with a bunch of youtubers so
I'm looking forward to that so if you
guys looking forward to that make sure
you click that subscribe button you get
notified when I post a new video every
day at 6 p.m. UK time leave a like
rating let's know your videos and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
adios
