oh that's the morning after the night
before feelin pretty rough after only
three hours sleep but this bad boy and
this tit is come to pick me up I'm going
to a big world to go look at some fudge
let's get this show on the road granddad
you ready the treacle Oh treacle not
treacle machi I serve it all right
where's ours we've already lost her
we're a sister down already granddad
we're a sister down like what am I
actually looking at it's like a human in
a suit on who's crawling along its
massive either way we've made it to this
fair not fair I don't know what it is
whatever it is we're walking along it's
a market this is a market right walk
along the market what's it called Alice
kind of where we are Rica market put the
treacle market I was gonna say yeah I've
yet to survive a trickles down to
booking cheese and looking cheese
I'm a violets purple cheese
what alright gonna impress me I'm in
Grain impress me it's bowling you got
this you got got get it you tried
skittles he called them skittles try
again
it's late check well this is gay a sec
yes please go on she's getting
competitive here in a three store you
tried you get you played yourself
drumming
I want for my house now before you get
like jumping to conclusions it's not the
sneaky Fox whatever it is it's the
Flying Dog your car that duck was
impressive you ain't seen nothing oh my
goodness me
wait dead things by Kate Russell
interesting name it's a really really
cool clock what time is it granddad
wacky time tire air is so nice what was
it called again Treecko Treecko Treecko
market 12 nice the pilot is on every
month in MacOS field yeah look at this
Isaac beautiful piece of art that is
like the most random collection of
things possible like there's badge ears
and stuff like that to collect not too
sure that is can buy bottles all that
sort of stuff goggles
it faces desks like spotlights
welcome to showroom launch okay this
what it's that uh nope oh it's a haunted
house mummy okay brilliant
Allah is really impressive about boy
look I'll fastest running
the heck that is the name of an amazing
business logic applies oh my gosh how
good of these pies go six look mmm it
genuinely feels so British right now
British tea little bit of milk stir it
with my little salts pad and did you I
know no you put too much melting good
really nice I ruined it come on man
George judging me are you doing we're
doing does that make it all better
that's how I'd like you actually stop
judging me mmm
I can I can deal with this right now
that's exactly what I would like and
what is this triple waffle cheese oh my
gosh I win
hey jealous he's not look aside people
with you I'd say he's drinking my barks
running would walk to random with a box
random wooden box filled with a
children's gas masks okay go okay this
is just odd Shawn Alice a fun gun to the
gift children's gas masks you sure you
don't want one whoa whoa
welcome to the random table of random
stuff wait where's the teeth oh but wait
oh then why can you buy people's teeth
why this is a thing oh yeah
that's pretty nice everyone screen shot
the most random thing here teeth and
laquetta wait would you like a gradient
of teeth though your grade your teeth
yeah oh that's beautiful mmm what's the
matter another tooth fairy
mmm Oh finally managed to get the vlog
up it's not late but at least I got it
uploaded because I've been using 3G
Wi-Fi to 3G Wi-Fi 3G Wi-Fi I've been
using 3G signal to get it uploaded but
it's done I can relax such a nice day
where's grandad where is he
good okay take that like a lost child
for some reason it's an ongoing joke
today that we're gonna return him to the
home come on we're taking you back to
the home although taking you back to the
the whole people zone miss these look at
them look at these ears look at these
record we'd never put him in a home we
love it yeah grandad you brought us all
the way out in you've not more anything
got a new pair of trainers Wow look
offer fifty five pounds
no no trainers joint pink least I tried
granddad I found you the perfect gift
you ever get the woman or the man you
like it's reaction instant no fool oh
she's looking mad if an not you Alice
durably that's just kind of life don't
stick your tongue out at me
tell your proper come from his back seat
oh my god it is hot Jesus so you're not
going in my house taking a poo granddad
all right I know you've been brewing
that for about an hour cuz that's how it
was closed in bacon to make well alright
so no booze in my house you will be
going well can't say goodbye without
half I've thanks for driving is about a
good day good we didn't get you anything
you actually wouldn't let us buy him any
sort of thing he saw some paintings that
I liked he wouldn't let us buy them they
pretty good hanging out here I'm a fist
bump
yeah love you've stepped up my sport of
interest it's now cricket because cow
the legend that is my future
brother-in-law
how you been my friend okay well this is
I know I'm definitely not drinking that
book hey boys so after I go from having
a fully fledged bearded like head
beautiful man over here to my uncle he's
just
so magnificent just got the news that
this is on for three more hours
cheers Cheers Cal excuse me yeah I'm
moving to Toronto this is Miami and
that's my uncle by the way just for
reference not just some weird ball dude
honestly so damn nice and yeah I'm kind
of like did you call it the pitch I feel
all right on the pitch right now I'm
supposed to be having that blue line but
Cal's over the blue lines I'm over the
blue line
this is fucking well nice look at it
beautiful yes is one of the vlogs
got any words of inspiration for the
world as to why you came out first
you know what you already lost yeah
cause we're shit oh my god cheers so I
pretty much spent all of today when I
was out at my granddad trying to get
yesterday's vlog just so he was out of
the way and I could relax for the rest
of the daylight as soon as possible
I managed to get a vlog up I was like
yeah we're all doing everything's fine
everything like that I just rolled over
six o'clock right now and my vlog from
yesterday glitched are like eight
minutes forty for some reason and like
the rest of the video just like freaks
out and just doesn't work and so I'm
having to leave the cricket ground and
everything now and say goodbye to
everyone and go back and take out the
video I'd love to get back and go join
in with everyone again but unfortunately
and it's probably gonna take about an
hour to build this video so effectively
kind of just ruin my day with
yesterday's vlog so if you're watching
this tomorrow
apologies blue like this on yesterday's
vlog and it was upon time this is
I'm sorry finally got the vlog up and it
has arrived this oh my gosh completely
forgot - to get a ring light absolute
looking sweetest chips for the new setup
layout so that should be pretty much I'm
pretty sure these are covers for them
I'm guessing so that way I kind of like
different calls off the ring light I
just want white so that's absolutely
fine with that but my new bad boy
cameras arrived
courtesy of mini lad giving it a huge
shout out recommendation apparently
everyone uses this as like you can see
it's only 1080p not 4k anything that
poor because it's HDMI what I basically
do with this bad boy is i'hdm I into my
computer and it acts as a webcam so
that's my plan of action I'm going to
put this as my brand new webcam
for my office so that should be pretty
good done sweet so if I do get round to
filming a month's worth of gaming videos
I'll have some sexy heat sexy sexy
hellish try them all again as well we'll
have some sexy HD 1080p webcam so I want
like a pixel potato and its use in 60fps
so that look really really damn sweet
for you guys screenshot in it and when
I'm just like excited Dan's gonna take
that upstairs said it look put it on I
was gonna say put on charge but I don't
need to charge it do I
I can tell use it as just like a camera
for going out filming with and stuff but
I do daily vlog on my iPhone I don't
think hey I don't think that's gonna be
happening anytime soon
didn't even mind to set up the new
camera cuz I'm just too fucking
exhausted I'm not even sure I only ate a
clock like the Sun is still up oh my
gosh that view is amazing
oh man you can't actually see it oh
what's going on Pete jeans what's going
on not too sure what up in there but
Matt if these trees weren't here if you
could just get like a laser and gulfs
tooth and cut the top of them I'd have
the entire view of the Sun sex it goes
boom down straight there so nonetheless
I think I've got like two more episodes
of Pokemon to watch and then I'm done
with the season one so I think we're
gonna get in bed
chill out watch that and just relax for
the night I'm really really unbundle
about the vlog not being upon sounds I
think it was what like yesterday's vlog
on the vlog before I was like oh my gosh
let's see if we can make it a week of
vlogs on time which I technically did
but we're set to take it down like I
don't think your classes so yeah really
sorry about that I ended up being
hour and a half late so cat sucks wait
random surprise Alice turns up drunk I
how do we know she's drunk she's
spilling all over the place she's got
wine over her arm Wow yep I'm like yep
this army you got wine all over that you
know eating my chocolate you play with
my monkeys did you have a nice time
obviously just for the record she's not
driving cotton she's just collecting
some stuff yep cool feeling so much
better today so fresh so motivated to
get everything done just finished a lien
on my house everything like that because
of the the pie I ran out of my friends
together bought nothing but water and
good food and good drink for the next
week I do not want any alcohol cuz that
hangul will little right ruin me but
none of us guys I'm going to say I'm
going to bed now but I mean end this
vlog so thank you very much for watching
if you enjoyed it make sure you like
rate subscribe I post a new vlog every
single day 6 p.m. UK time I'll see you
guys tomorrow that time so length so as
always thanks watching and Leos
