welcome to Los Angeles this guy has a
Captain America shield on these back
honey fight eyes amazing can you guess
where we're going in your auntie and
uncle's house can you guess what it is
yet
can you guess what it is what are you
seeing you're right in the distance
nothing that's why where we go it is out
now
No thank you very much sir
maybe Oh Mary video here I don't know
where's that building of this building
but we are going on a helicopter talk I
will say this I did try to organize it
with mini and his girlfriend coming on
it but the helicopters only fit three
people and so unfortunately I it won't
work it could've worked out he said he
was down he would've loved to do it but
unfortunately we couldn't for the people
itself
Minnie Minnie I'm sorry mate I'm really
sorry
Ringling magic gate opens that's zero
six that's the car that's the car I was
gonna buy bad way seems like a really
nice guy the pilot that we're gonna have
but it's not the same guy who flew me my
dad mean Alec and I did it before a
thing we like me and Luke and so I'm
good he's not here but you know what it
doesn't matter at the end of the day
Lydia's gonna have a good time we'll go
down a helicopter top I was like yo
instead of dropping us off back here and
we have to then travel like an hour and
a half in traffic back into LA can they
just drop us off at an airport closer
and you find out now so if it's like $50
then I'll do it yeah they're not
charging us 300 yards away
oh hell we get charged 275 really the
Staples Center recharged my friend what
oh you can do drop-offs at the Staples
Center yo you want to go to a game wait
this is your first time ever to
helicopter yeah Rick thank you very much
rick is gonna be our pilot for the day
going on a little tour of Los Angeles
you excited alright see the headset
it's got rights Oh
these are the guys who flew Casey above
that the Hollywood sign Andy might be
look working me Logan I think that was a
successful surprise I was really
thinking I was like she knows she knows
she knows she knows all this is just
money money money money well yeah look
at what they're driving completely
blacked out squatted up cars no no no
avocados but what the hell this guy's
got this guy's got three arms it smells
amazing and should taste MIT this is
apparently the best burger in the world
if not look at the size difference yours
compared to mine yes and then this is
the secret menu this is called animal
fries which is fries with cheese and
onions oh good out of ten hands down
ten out of ten mr. Watson a special
sauce if you want to miss look away now
yeah if you're squeamish don't look
riperoni pepperoni rat aronia dead aroni
Oh can we can we get a rip in the in the
comments boys look at him it doesn't
look like he's been stood on he looks
like get a heart attack poor thing is
where I should really have my sister off
and be like I just found my sister on
the floor of way normal tree normal tree
normal tree grew the right way it
learned what it was supposed to do then
this month over here was like hell no
I'm going sideways
look at it what the hell up into that
we're your first-ever passengers oh hell
yeah I'm giving you a five-star rating
as long as you don't crash you know we
should we should be good so how come you
decided to get into it like just bit of
cash I'm a personal trainer to Gold's
Gym in Venice yeah
I'm building a clientele I just moved
out here a couple months ago really so
like wow I'm building a clientele Cena
make the bucks yeah makes complete sense
Alexis plus you never know like if
you're in the in the car you're speaking
someone other like yo I need someone
yeah yeah they got that man sweet what a
nice dude what a nice guy right his
first ever override I've never used the
tip function on uber just because I've
never had a drive that unlike dead guy
deserves a tip so I think I might have
to tip him and it definitely was his
first ever ride I've never seen it uber
driver with an exact 5.0 rayon so my
friend your acting career we found it we
kind of got he's like live story and I
loved it Laramie and Luke and little
bother I get invited to hang out with
Luke before we go recruit a Korean
barbecue with this guy took her is
somehow still alive after like days of
drinking it's also very in the zone
right now my score was 40 6760 in this
guy's on 66,000 he's not diamonds -
totally I got so come in inside right I
was in Japan but I got the Havana sign
so I was like thank you I'm sorry
like in laser skin I absolutely love
Korean barbecue but this is this is the
this is the this is the thing we do the
most Korean barbecue and then salty
salsas this is your 2018 shout out to
your snapchat what's your snap child
what's your snapchat how do you spell it
how many viewers you get this is this is
weekly show the snapchat make sure you
Adam I'll put it down in description
Luke's yearly snapchat Shou yes
Tucker
I'll even say stuff now that oh no oh no
ladies first boys first Equal Rights
why get me a white oh they do like yeah
thank you this one from SolarWinds yo
Tucker what 12 light brightens my night
season three question mark yep I told
you Lydia Lydia I told you look this
table at the end of it just looks like
hell I'm not sure how I guaranteed this
is the fucking guy who sang in high I
think he's like they'll never know it
was me
move
as my stick convinced to sign up - you
know I got a girl
everybody was on their own taxes
Issy
but hey what's up you singing hey hey
give it
you're going to stand a while does its
guidance company boots amazing
I have no idea what his name is but if I
if this guy was on The X Factor
right I love you
hey love you right tomorrow tomorrow
tomorrow mark
smart of us like tomorrow tomorrow
tomorrow take the solvation daughter I
definitely say I think that roses a bit
too long for that cup look just hold it
just like like this yeah I think you're
good if we just go like no no it's not
look watch watch watch watch purr is
that not perfect is that not perfect is
it not yeah I know I've got in today's
blog so if you like roses and any of
that make sure you leave a like rating
click like button I have to sit down now
one fifty one one five literally one one
five if this video hits 15,000 like
cranes I'm gonna do something pretty
fucking awesome tomorrow that's all I'm
saying
not today's been a good day I've enjoyed
it it's been fun it's been living you
weren't my helicopter ride you enjoy it
yes yep thanks watching leave a like
crane where you see the light burn it's
also burning us has subscribe when you
click it and it says subscribed you need
to then click the bell next to it so
it's kind of like a two-step process I
know it sucks but whatever click that
click that button and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. Phoenix they look so
till then much tougher aniseh ok pause
be nice stop being mean I have half a
mustache
