pop is more thought GTN you another
Seenu it comes dismissed on a black ops
three though I am Teressa boomer wedding
dress the weimar I have no idea what's
going on it's a new dawn it's a new day
wails oh my goodness you look amazing
Cheers
this genuinely might be the nicest beach
Cove whatever in all of England sand is
beautiful
I'm pretty sure the sea could be
freezing cold yes I did just wake up
look like a potato sound like a potato
but I'm a happy potato roll into truth
few years
yes that's cold it's so cold that's
calling than anything I've ever been
called that's so cold your mama no
school well I had a nice swim this
morning I didn't put a waterproof case
on the couch called tits and probably
drop the phone to the bottom of the
ocean for a good time we're now going
off to this world's longest street name
and this Kappa I'm sure it is far as
tits
good morning Geoffrey how you doing this
morning
okay that sums up your money showered to
the delight of finding out that the
shower door has indeed come off which
was Jeff's one job the entire time we've
been driving we're here banging were
like what's that banging what's that
banging what's that banging Jeff go and
check the shower door secure the shower
door literally came off one job Joe what
job well we managed to make it dad this
one's for you
look how cool that is the most iconic
set of trees I will ever remember in my
entire life thanks to you pal much love
homie okay-dokey Jones time to go
through this one bag of swag off people
another bogus fine of people and add
another bag of swag off people so we
just organize this into letters to gifts
so I can like take out the boxes so
we've got space because this is getting
crazy with my stuff we've got so let's
get this organized let's get on the road
organize stuff with Psalm 101 you pour
it all out the bag like that and then
you just go through it thank you to
everyone for the gifts and you're like
the random gifts are funny like the
potatoes but we just can't carry around
otherwise they're just gonna sweat and
stink throughout the comfortable
honestly thank you so much for this
guy's I cannot wait empty the bags of
the pop vinyls and put them on my shelf
at home so I've got so many shelves that
I'm just gonna be able to film
like absolutely crazy so thank you man
it is hot as hell in Wales oh my
goodness me it is ridiculously hot I
can't express how nice is and how
sunburned my neck is what a proper cool
like holiday camping thing for people
who live in Wales look how busy is all
my goodness I came out this morning
there was no one here
now it's full we just got this little
tiny ass car packed for all these people
who've turned up Wow it's like being on
us like a holiday camp or something so
many people look at real people swimming
up upon boughs they've got dogs are
around people with strollers bows all
this sort of stuff this is proper nice
I've also compared to try and find
Geoffrey not a clue where he is so we'll
see how this goes
I'm just gonna sit here absorb the Sun
and hope he appears this is what this
trips about Nick the Sun good times good
people in little random spots like this
get a full English breakfast you know I
tried to get around me when you think
we're people right yeah I tried to
announce the meat at lamb fibre Philly
go go go go green go for a pill well
known in the sky yeah I know I got it
there but the beginning but I ran out of
characters we just happen to signal to
tweet what we gonna do this is what we
need after a night of camp and ready
have you ever tried black pudding before
no all right Jeff
that is proper bacon I'll try that and
tell me what you think of that
Dave more like him than vegan everyone
set aside everyone who's ever tried that
American bacon says it tastes like ham
I'm so weird but yeah that's proper
bacon you get you get bitch bacon in
your country this is goodbye pudding
this is come on button is that's alright
I don't really like it but it is tasty
alright just try and black pudding for
the first time thoughts
now what does it taste like something I
would never eat again do you know what
it is it's pig's blood oh this pigs but
miss responses noise okay just swallow
it swallow you bitch you not seem happy
it is honest the pig's blood was
delicious you have made it to our
destination
Nikolas the good man Nikolas and that's
it that's not the official sign but that
is the train station sign of how long
the name is oh my god what something
that new piss off the Church of Mary in
the hollow of the white hazel near the
face we'll put on the Church of two
Sileo by the red cave what land five
full/queen Gill GOG Greek win drop will
aunty silly go go go now this definitely
wasn't the kind of shop I was expecting
to walk into when I walked into this
building we have sure bet we have capes
we have nuts and we have jumpers we came
to meet this bigger sign and I went in
took a shit came out and these guys have
appeared hey I finally did actually meet
some Welles people so thank you very
much for showing up very very this
ginger guys so dude and over here we
have appreciate you guys from cinema I
like the swag very nice
did you enjoy the sign why what is it
like another post it is a fairly long
station I'd like to see what a train
ticket look like oh wait show me that
train ticket I was in the battle but I
can definitely say this is without a
doubt good enough castle to check out
holy tits it's huge
oh my god it looks like it's got molten
everything okey we've made it to the
castle this is a car you excited
Geoffrey you probably not seen anything
lies before have you really they don't
have history in America what so they
really do not have mr. Geoffrey how do
you feel about this idiot England it
dude expect a lot of history about
people getting like the headed and crazy
shit like that happening what's this
castle called again
this is canal van cops can Arvin castles
the best castle ever oh my goodness oh
yeah you definitely like Taurus you've
got New York and LA right on your hat
and then you've got a big-ass camera I
thought my goodness me
this is so nice this is exactly where I
want to be today in a castle inside
Wales with Jef and with you by Nicolas
serdica las' that's your name that's
your knight named the de cerdos no no no
sir doesn't converse Nicolas no Nicklaus
sir Nicholas it's like you get your
genuine title - no stop taking this too
far you're going deep as usual we're not
doing this anymore going deep oh god no
no no my god yeah the name and going
deep well I stopped talking about
pegging we're in the middle of a castle
oh they overheard the conversation
behind us and we're like we don't want
to hear about pegging Ginley yeah so
about that that's a interesting topic to
talk about
all right well nonetheless we have made
it to the castle I tried to build stuff
like this in Minecraft it just never
worked you guys remember the Minecraft
Project just never work I shoulda just
kept things simple well I could do the
exterior of it but could just never
never build the staircases on the inside
unless this is absolutely beautiful I'm
being enticed into a dark corridor The
Granary tower granary okay okay this is
not terrifying I love this so much
Oh what is this
like a prison like Oh what the hell
this is like if I drop my phone in there
I'm not getting that back ever
holy snap under if this was for waste I
know this is a granary so the name
maybe was always that way no no but no
man oh look at this
hello hello Wales hello hello this is
welcome my love the hole right you know
what this is for see why the windows
like that like a slate you know that's
far what so archers can put the bows and
arrows through it and perfectly fire it
we got a big white field will fire now
it's a really nervously yeah so it's
like people can't plan for it so I think
what you can but people couldn't climb
through it it's hot though it's eroded
yeah and you could do one too much
damage and you could kill people from
inside so go Jeff go Jeff could we go
there you go see see Jeffrey you get it
it is so cute up 100 down we continue
our adventure I spy a still case by the
way if you're wondering why it's not a
wide angle it's because I've taken that
case on but don't worry we have lights
and we have more windows to work out
what the hell is going on
wonder if this is the kind of window
where they poured hot oil onto people Oh
Oh mess it up
honey purse got the top not the top not
touch as the wrong box you're taking the
piss oh it's not this is where they
poured hot oil and people for sure
yep this is definitely definitely where
they poured it fireplace wonder if
that's why the heat the oil and then the
truck you down there overcome mmm yeah
that is the best descriptive sign ever
complete and crawl hello three and one
yeah buddy whoop whoa whoa this is so
nice majestic education whatever
Chris you can't get me Wow well we why
you'll never get this it's great in it I
love it it's just so beautiful is even
it funny
everyone else that's the crowd for it I
am the perfect without me even ruining
my hair I am the perfect type what
should be a rocker bump into I'm
actually the perfect height can I get
all the way through wait wait I don't
think I can
oh just just have to look at the end at
the perfect height to just walk through
this it's not fair
oh you well white girl wasted Selleck
ollie
oh my god I literally cuz I you see all
the ocean as well in case they're coming
from the sea ma hello there Monty Python
the Monty Python them
I shall fart in your general direction
haha there you go they get it perfect oh
this is so cool so cool oh well well
inside a castle and wait a minute I'm
sure I recognize that shirt kind of
looks like it's syndicate shaved ass
mission in college oh you have - fist
bump me whilst I've got a kids boy now
that's totally not mine
it really isn't the size that matters
mate but you know what having a big one
does help but did - to get for Cardiff
today but I did at least manage to be in
a little castle little castles big
castle but I just was a thank you you
awesome thank you bet I like how the
ginger at the back is just dabbing
you're being sneaky I should thank you
very much come and say hello this bow
and arrow is totally not mine and I'm
not immature as hell so yeah Geoff
let's be honest you can't really pick at
that place to drink a beer can you
outside a massive force castle
cheers Wales Cheers what about to enter
the smallest bar on wheels with the
biggest man in Wales I'm the most
American man in wheels logging that dude
if you look at his arm
look which way you're coming down
through Wales I know
oh-oh-oh-oh
fights a star in look at that run sexual
always fast he's fast but not as he's
fastest but Bowie yeah this is genuine
from Korea a bucket of water by the way
and Charlotte you've got the names right
these guys are really cool they just
having a drink with those in there
because they were the last people to
settle for the meat open they're like 18
plus so you want to kick back have a
drink together so this is the bar you
have this little table here with a fire
contribute with it little bar perfect oh
wait you guys are back honestly think
maybe even love it you gonna do it
you're making even laughing as hard as
you can no but I will make it here when
he's not expecting it oh shit going down
all right team can I say thank you for
having us your hospitality and your in
your country all right say I'm right in
take country well this is a country yes
sir red all right hey Cheers
together come on eat it youthful it is
to Wales being awesome nice one what's
cheers in Wales Oh
alright lad come on you're representing
Wales now do somewhat cool oh wait what
okay okay I was not expecting you to do
something like that that's quite cool of
the fact that a fan came over was like
Cyndi kids in the kid syndicate I just
bought a brand-new set of Oakley glasses
because I see you wearing all the time
I'm like by the way I'm not even
sponsored by Oakland the slice I would
love to it'd be my dream to be sponsored
by Oakley and DC but they came over and
they were like yeah I got this brand new
glasses star thing and the glasses were
like dirty as anything so I was like not
honest I got like literally my Oakley
cleaning kit got the kid's glasses sat
down in front of everyone they clean his
glasses so that's what I'm doing right
now cleaning my glasses but honestly it
was amazing to bump into absolutely
every one of the slight small cut like
small town it was incredible everyone
was super cool thank you very much to
everyone who turned up I cannot wait to
return whales you've been great
go trying to Academy up tomorrow so if
you're watching this today the kadek
meetup was today and it was mad
I hope and not to not to like madness
but yeah I've loved this point like the
castles been great everyone's been great
I love this place I will definitely
return well I have no idea what any of
this says what the fuck yeah no you live
in wheels when every pub has got a
bloody flag outside it need I say
anymore I feel like I'm in the Chicago
airports with all the American flags
instead it's wash out of anything you
could find on the menu you managed to
find faggot sitting in red wine I don't
even know what that is
faggots yeah meatless basically think
think one was meatless meatballs be
fucking with us no I never woulda
guessed fungus referred to me boss
that guy makes any girl you wanted
meatballs the other day now you can get
it
mmm-hmm lamb chops is like a map but
little casket casket of vegetables gravy
lamb chops Nicholas you just got mush
you don't know again I'm eating and you
start filming if we try to get back this
year and then you've managed to get just
chops yeah I got lamb chops you got
chops
I fucked up only white chops plus what
what's the same thing
no that's chops single chops
I'm chunks you know time George wait why
am i half the fucking sup look mines
that size that's about right oh go fuck
yourself man
oh ha ha ha you're like yo I got up to
service station I've been asleep in the
passenger seat of the campervan for the
entire time so I'm absolutely exhausted
this guy's been putting in work driving
so good job my friend
good job I'm exhausted the tired you you
should be even more time since oh you
got so much sunburn as well but okay go
inside use bathroom and get a hot
chocolate
okay I guess I'm the only person at two
o'clock in the morning in this entire
building
sweet come on Nick where are we going
Cardiff
smells rounded does it smell like shit
does it smell like shit cuz I so totally
forgot to end yesterday's vlog it ended
on the fact that my farts really smelled
and so did Jeffries and we were killing
him but a teaser for tomorrow's vlog
look who I bumped into the sexual men of
hat films ooh and there's really guy
over there he's just hanging out but
anyway I'm gonna end this vlog now and
go to upload X have all got an hour to
do so so make sure leave a like rating
subscribe and I'll see you guys more at
6 p.m. for the next vlog if this one was
late I am very very sorry
