no idea this is a smart idea or dumb
idea but I'm using window cleaner to
clean up my helmet completely cleaned my
visor but I'm using now clean up like
the sexual nurse at the carbon-fiber
health this is a nice ass helmet it's
got like a built-in speaker system to it
but a yeah toilet lots of thing that is
the built-in thing so yeah there's a
spider in the house meet Jomon just do
me a favor and just like call it door
and bugger off bugger off me
oh you can live that time alright mom
goodbye any words of love for the
internet anything you want to say step
sure that works that's alert well I came
to come and visit my friend and he's not
in probably because it's 4 o'clock
meters and snitch works are like half
fight but my poor engine a minute ago
was on like a hundred and
letting it cool down a little second
before it starts pissing it down with
rain and then we're getting back on the
road again I'll get the amount attached
that allows me to hold my iPhone I'm up
you are here
well no but I've replaced Luke's rat
with the chris's rat hi Milo come on
sailor come on come in but I don't you
just want to drop kick it in the face I
go to ask myself the question as to why
the hell is this dog trying to climb up
my leg if you're trying to hump me is it
is a humper you start ramming my helmet
as well you will you will get thrown in
the tumble dryer they rode like an
absolute beauty it started to rain so
managed to get a back in time but she
drives a mitt she rides amazingly but I
tell you what man it did get back to
them schedule days have been on a
motorway highway for you Americans and
flying along at high speeds with the
wind is going flat on either side of
here was a pretty intimidating what the
hell is my mum done to my lion statue
she's fed the monkeys through them so we
got we got charlie we got Chalian
Charlie's brother and then we've got
vanos well I managed to get yesterday's
Vogel on time at 6 o'clock and since
then I've been replying to comments for
you guys and my internet on my rubber
balls man now my broadband just decided
to die so I'm not too sure what's going
on there or try and fix the situation
immediately but yeah man really still
liking my setup like I said I'm gonna
get rid of this curved desk and get on
the moving ones that you can stand up
with cuz um I love the amount of shit I
got on yesterday's vlog cuz it was
titled
my new gaming setup because this is a
new gaming setup I got a new monitor
only way out was for fire and I'm like
pretty stoked for it but everyone's like
oh yeah you have a gaming channel you
have a brand new game yourself but you
don't make gaming videos and it's like
to shame but then at the same time you
guys don't stand that I actually do play
a lot of video games I just don't want
to film it record it and put up YouTube
done that whole concept for like the
past six years now and it just gets
tedious to me like if I'm if I'm playing
a game then I don't feel like Atkins
owned in like I'm playing like a
first-person shooter I don't feel like
it can zone into the game and kick as
much ass as possible then if like I
wasn't recording something like I don't
know
why it's the mindset of it like but when
I'm playing games I use I'm usually just
like really quiet and try and
concentrate as hot as possible so I'm
back here you cave quite well so if I
get that setup just running smoothly and
perfectly and everything just amazingly
then you know what I still want to try
and do my challenge of a full month of
gaming videos on the main channel so if
you guys want that so much alike rate on
this video and we'll see how that shit
goes yeah okay I'm dying and I'm taking
more and more tablets as it goes but
this math just doesn't seem to make
sense to me
okay so swirl 2 tablets with water every
eight hours leave at least four hours
between doses and then do not take more
than six tablets in 24 hours that just
does the math of that even make sense
Turner my internet is working again I
just want to say this like and it's a
very touchy subject yesterday's vlog my
mom and dad are actually divorced have
been divorced since I was like like
seven years old so it's something that's
so common to me and it's just been
normal throughout life to a lot of
people it's like well you um dad not
together like is everything okay it's
like yeah everything's fine
they don't really like get along like
best friends boys they have to bump into
each other then they're like whatever
they won't really communicate much so
yesterday was a really big deal for me
that they were in the same room they
were talking to each other like half an
hour 45 minutes about stuff and it was
just it was awesome and I tweeted about
it like here you know talking like how
nice it was to have them like you know
talking to each other such a long period
of time but that it was amazing to like
look through the comments on Twitter and
like you guys one of you guys going
through the same thing there it's
something you know like new that's
happened in your life I'd like if they
recently split up on the Fitz port for
like a long time for you guys like it's
crazy things like so many people are in
the same situation I know it to me like
when my parents were like broke up it
was like oh only I'm the one kid with
the parents that are divorced
I've never been deal with it didn't
really care I was like whatever they
just I want to be with each other don't
be with each other I accept life out of
the simplest of what it is and you know
that's their choice their decision the
grown-ups themselves but then I just
thought about it for a second and nearly
all my friends parents in my local area
a divorce
sounds parents are divorced Chris's
parents are divorced and where's his
parents are divorced like it's
absolutely insane how many
chips people get into have kids and then
just divorce like I know have a problem
with it but man like leave a comment
down below if your parents are still
together and actually like to know it's
food tab motherfuckers I'm going me you
know with my dad who's been on a bike
ride he invited me but I was like yeah
dad I'm totally not fit enough to be
able to do that right now so decided no
on that but I will go and join him for
some really nice food in a new
restaurant that's opened up from a local
area and I hope I'm having lamb okay
we're trying the b5 I will be interested
to see how this goes because my dad said
it's amazing
we're gonna get on to the topic of what
the hell is that face in one second
first of all start with a little share
plate cut some soft like some soy sauce
which we're getting one of each other
you jump instantly quick what is this
for the starter you drunk we're honest
answer teacher you've been drinking why
are you not playing out because I'm 61 I
don't need to look for seniors for doing
my dad it's not looking for things that
it's all come on go no you go on a
mind-reader just thinkin if you think of
the distance and the pokeman you could
catch up the ends I'd be falling off all
the time I wanna know before enough
getting out oh come on oh listen there's
no pool command where I go no poke
Pokemon is no one okay where I go what's
your favorite Pokemon I don't have a
clue usually I'm you have your favorite
Pokemon good that's great - that was
super excited for that I just tried a
piece of it a little bit spicy not a lot
of taste and this garlic chicken I
haven't tried it yet but it looks pretty
good alright what are you writing this
food out of 10
eight okay you gonna fuck me home jump
to you I think about I think about five
point five star we're good split me well
you could say that boat why I ordered
this time five point it's only 9:30 at
night right now and I am absolutely
exhausted I'm luckily that I'm not
jet-lagged but I'm just tired because I
was ill and woke up like 15 times
throughout the night last night but oh
my gosh am i exhausted well I need to
wrap up today's vlog at all it's got to
do it and fell asleep and just past the
hell out and then woke up every 12
minutes throughout the night from flew
nurse so nonetheless guys think very
much watching today's vlog make sure you
leave a like crane don't forget to
subscribe and we're gonna be back on a
daily schedule now which will be the
full entire day so no more shenanigans
