Nick if we ever feel like we've lost
Jeff just look for the guy carrying a
telescope and there is any way we could
bring Jeff we brought him to an Argus
the Argus near you how you enjoying
catalog shopping I mean it's different
I don't know you're struggling I don't
know if I feel lazy I'm working harder I
don't know dude it makes you kind of
feel like keeper the hunt for what you
want nonetheless
you get some more by class this way you
have to what you have to sell less this
way I've no idea it's like a Costco
compressed what do you say now to pieces
you know what I do pieces at war no I
think this is I think this is a format
oh did you actually I get user dog but
you get a format and a towel
oh shit I hope you haven't just bought a
former know this all right oh yes at all
you got to congratulations you know the
proud owner of a new towel
yeah look at this look at the amount of
time art ever looking drifting this is
crazy is there like a whole underground
scene of countryside drifting we're
getting close Giants Causeway but we're
not gonna go there first we're gonna go
there next we're going to the rope
bridge which Nick managed to find so
right we are go to survivors nice
parking nice parking nice parking
absolutely beautiful what the fuck is
this I was gonna tell not really wanted
to point out health and safety hazards
that much but this one is impressive
casual use in the bathroom and I almost
fall down this fucking hall in this bar
what the actual tits so I'm going to go
ahead and cook up this fall just in case
to die today vote in our lady we've got
a snake clangers a mash and gammon I
think he's trash show up
she's called us home for some I think
he's compensate what is that what is
that workers through your rig AJ are you
capturing blue yeah there's a goddamn
handle I mean this come I know you like
a police officer magnetic you know just
damn son got the GoPro on top is this
what you call it you got a name for it
um what's the rig was the entire rig
called
is it called the retroflex it's called
dude that girl over there we have made
it to a location where we can see some
see some rocks and I don't quite see a
rope swing
I mean rope bridge it's gonna be it's
gonna be a rope swing when we caught it
and it's gonna be epic but yeah we've
made it giant's causway is over there
we're over here Jeffrey you're excited
to cross the bridge I don't think you
need to say anything that basically says
mix well you excited I'm looking forward
to the fact that the guy said that this
was a 2 on the line so it was it wanted
really jerky to to the guy doing the
tonigh do the Tintin I could not wait to
rate this out of once a drilling junkie
myself this is like our first popper
touristy thing we've done Nick apart
from like oh no an island yeah
first tours you think an island now this
is where you say would you look at that
view look how nice this is I can feel
like I'm on holiday in Spain something
like that all the Maldives beautiful
Nick if we ever feel like we've lost
Jeff look just look for the guy carrying
a telescope I believe is this many
people paying 5-pound 99 to go and walk
across it pretty nicely it's pretty
impressive yeah they make the probably
heard that was coming it was the bank of
this man why don't you veget of me
appear I bring like loads of money to
like the tourists like company what do
you feel jump off yeah I want to get
down there and go swimming look look how
amazing the zip is Q goes all the way
down here and over to there look every
single person apart from a kid is $5.99
what the hell so just chilling out there
and didn't even realize I had a
bumblebee on my shoulder and I thought
he was pranking me I'm allergic to that
thing he could kill me
is it true it's real pissed off his tits
all right near the edge look at that
ocean my how I'd rather go down there
I'd rather pay to go down there and swim
then cross this bridge oh we've already
paid to cross the bridge I'm changing my
mind I'm so excited
whoa these two with me let's do this and
what it is whoa pretty Stevie that's
pretty cool oh my goodness me odd this
is overwhelming oh my gosh a car yeah
you guys chain
Hey look at this look at this
hey before I shake it no no wait Josh
ready
dinner done dude this is the most
intense experience in my life did you
have fun did you have fun is that great
so overwhelming I think over this is my
dream location to live right down there
don't go yet stay there and look after
the fridge you know I might go every now
and again for a bit of excitement but
we'll see oh it's not that's nice in the
eyes of a professional Jeffrey has seen
his shorten he looked on the horizon
sees the house and is the lady in the
window naked
I think it's ring for miles Nick's gone
up there I'm trying to work out how I
sleep down there there are steps but you
know oh that way so maybe I just have to
borrow rolled on edge and of course I
much to find the edge okay yep change of
mind I'm definitely definitely never
contemplating jumping in from here just
relaxing kicking back on the edge of a
cliff I dropped my phone that's my
entire day's wall gone but other than
that I got Jeff taking sexy photos of me
Nick's just being Nick and I'm just
relaxing contemplating but this doesn't
look too deep and this is too high to be
able to jump off I really wanna be able
to do it but kind of a kind of a bit but
one penis in it scenario what Alex or
blonde okay here we're doing the photo
shoot okay Nick what I need you to do is
no keep taking we need you to look sexy
as if you've met the woman of your
dreams
now you look shocked that there's a
dragon about to eat you you're scared
okay now we need um trying to smooch
someone mmm smooching you know hmm about
packing wait oh wait Nick Nick what is
this this is you could never be a model
hey you're excited Jeff yeah yeah I'm
gonna film me going on all right we
don't all this you mean expect yeah no
you're excited for this are you ready
for another two on these yeah what I
wanted ten when you give it this this
one to ten the bridge of the whole day
the bridge
one you give up one out wait one being
the best most exciting no no Jeff have
fun wow you look well not impressed with
it's cool Jeff be careful you're on your
own mate
now we don't go break after around a
smile okay
all right Jeff we're coming you ready
Nick you got a big a dick
all right well there was the bridge we
walked across it it was exciting
much well many impress okay now onto the
causeway oh I don't know if it's
poisonous ah hello hello can't help it
no it's fine no I think someone already
stood on a limb I should save its line
we've got a little stretcher and moved
it over here survived
Oh a little tea room Geoffrey let's have
some tea what oh yeah good call
look the ice creams do have Maltesers
ice cream normal cheese's ice cream what
is this
Oh Jayant scars way this is the way
we're going causeway coastal route let's
go 101 man sedans causeway one-mile man
I've been waiting to go here my entire
life ever since I heard about it
fucking stop I'm pretty sure the only
way I found out about this in the first
place was runescape there's a reason
nonetheless let's make this out so
you're wearing an actual syndicate og
shirt I'm at slim edition so that's
awesome view high-five
now this explain this what is this when
ever find out you're coming down this
topic you made your own bootleg
syndicate original shirt okay
okay out of anything you could bring me
to sign you bring me Rick Astley is this
some sort of sick joke is this some sort
of sick joke wait I've got to go check
the playlist where is it never gonna
give you up you've absolute school sure
Danny buddy
okay I think I know my cat is hey what
are you doing
oh my head don't sort of thing all right
you again twenty back yeah okay yep back
vidyou Georgia to shorten I showed to
her okay we good all right
not if we just shove it exact name Pisan
good I go okay okay man let's see how
impressive this is no you know Daniel
yeah yeah he does this thing miss Jin
yeah yeah when I got me to do that okay
that was all done what a dead man clone
shuffle or do this here and stuff okay
this is actually my own shuffle I just
created it I was like the immortal dude
is here okay is this your card here no
round of applause for this guy come on
not a amaze well awesome to randomly
turn up at Giant's Causeway didn't
expect all these people so I'm just
gonna turn around get everyone yeah and
now it's just like gonna go and stare at
some rocks we have made it to the
Giant's Causeway this is the designated
World Heritage Site since 1908 1986 yeah
it doesn't seem like it's a World
Heritage Site oh really
yeah I've been here a lot longer than
that yeah alright so we've now got a
fight we didn't know this but we've got
a walk 15 minutes basically 5 miles
really oh you have me off we have to
walk 15 minutes and watch out for
boulders falling on my head guys are
talking about like the meaning of life
and stuff and I'm here trying to look at
rocks we've clearly got a prior isn't a
device normal rocks everything's fine
and then things are about to start
getting a little bit weird got some
big-ass boulders here for some reason
I'm gonna assume they fell down from up
there because next big head knocked up
down mhm
and this little look how look at all my
gosh this is about to get weird it's
just so hot so odd how it goes from just
like madness to it happening Oh strange
just random one boulders boulders
boulders obviously like nextstep they
come over the one but this is it this is
it what I know this is like just it on a
small scale but what what is this it
makes no sense like Nick's explaining
what it is to us but like this is stupid
that I'm even in pictures like pictures
do it no justice like this is so this is
weird like why is it look it's just
perfectly flat it's perfect
what how this is just really really
strange look at it oh my goodness loads
what
I'm so stoked right now look how strange
this is so odd
so my chest stack so Jeff now you seen
in person what do you think dude
understand like how weird is the edge
like that's like a straight straight
line and the fact that they alternate
just form together or something and
instead it just create this madness like
how cool that is
dude look at these Wet Ones Oh what do
dragons breath is in there wherever it's
talking Game of Thrones shits about to
blow up
it's photo time on nigga looks so
majestic side of the edge this is dope
alright just gonna take a forward was
some excited but um dump them oh you're
taking a fancy artsy photograph I get
soaked I'm gonna get wet lads
your hair is gonna get soft this is
awesome guys
Jeff is taking some bomb-ass photos
right now I'm gonna put Instagram down
in the description again we also fought
how many balls your now 40 14.2 right
let's game 250 what kind of dope this
boat always yes shit hey my bro bad yeah
don't follow one is ago everyone go over
to Jeff's recent Instagram post and just
do the high-five emoji yeah thanks you
have appreciate that so many people have
walked on these to the point where the
like worn downs weird innit it's like
the strangest thing okay it's like silky
smooth so strange I am gonna redesign my
house to have these sort of things well
not in the house in the garden I don't
want to stone tell us that if you
watching this
I want stone pillar architecture like
this in my house okay
new cool thing to find out over here we
got Church organs over here someone said
it's like the Giants half it's the
Giants organs or whatever like that but
it's a really really cool thing it'll
take too long to walk alone by the time
we get there it's probably gonna go dark
but we can see it from here you might be
like you've been here you know
looking at in person don't worry we're
good we have to set off to our next
destination
mine well I can definitely say this is
ticked off the bucket list I've always
always wait to be here look how he sees
it I can't go over it I like that these
guys over here they came all the way
from the park think you are still my
adventuring and he brought two 2-liter
bottles of leukocytes Oh Julia's two
Wieters of lucozade so I really
appreciate out these guys thank you very
much well I can take this off the bucket
list it was a pleasure to be here and to
check it out and to meet fans at the
same time I've got 12 cent battery so my
phone's gonna die but yeah this was
absolutely very very very happy I came
here that funds and checked out hey give
me a fist one thank you very much for
leukocyte dude I appreciate ya thank you
very much fella I know yeah it sure is
their wedding and they're on their
honeymoon you decided to say no you're
gonna come and say hello to me instead I
like your style kid I like to start
thank you very much guys I appreciate it
absolutely beautiful
no way no way we are really give you a
high five we are reunited right now we
actually met each other in Florida yeah
when I was sat outside just chillin my
and you want to side this but you get to
wait a minute is this you and me oh this
is a much better phone amazing very nice
new again all this but I appreciate and
thank you guys for I'll turn on the see
now you're in the block this is now you
being in the vlog and this is you now
being in the vlog see you what do I say
anything to the vlog ever you to none
and every day o people thank you very
much I gave myself a new subscriber
thank you I've seen is that bumped into
the ginger in the photo Dylan you're not
here I'm disappointed in you I'm joking
but I it was very nice to meet you here
hopefully I'll see you again soon
goodbye
sure
as if like there's a monster inside not
eaten all day and this is about to be
the food of Champions you rented it why
did you stop really as soon as I put my
mouth on fish I don't realize it but
nonetheless I'm diggin into this right
now
fuckin down we decided to take Jeff to a
chippy a fuckin fish and chips shop in
Northern Ireland you got fish I got and
you got a chicken burger that's right
was it good that doesn't sound
convincing enough but yeah sure didn't
get it that was so fucking good I ate as
much of that as I could but I'm now
absolutely hey hey hey it's okay we just
poured one out for the homies again
twice the Kalakuta maestro it's
everywhere this cafe you make shitless
Oh cold out yo doan't everywhere
was on time hey yeah you firing a shot
that's why we stick to drinking tea we
British you idiot don't me see oh yeah
we don't do this shit wait oh sorry
fuck you coffee how did you like today's
vlog Nick you put my ass in the vlog but
it's beautiful for some people I guess
everyone special Jeff so you've spent a
full day in England now all night in
England fuck try that one again
you spent a full day music not a fucking
YouTube event try that one again
you spent a full day in Northern Ireland
all right you've got a night out you got
to paste on your top you finally got a
bed you've got a pillow you've got a
home are you feeling I'm feeling good
you glad you came
yeah I'm glad I came I could definitely
use Irish beef and Dublin tomorrow
yeah forward to that yeah Irish
beautifully went well we're glad to have
you
yeah so you're not allowed out of here
now until you edit more photos and we're
not gonna feed you until you edit more
photos so you stay busy prisoner yeah
and you get anything right Glasgow
people cutoff for fuck sake finally
managed to get to the vlog edited glad I
did so doubt to worry about tomorrow
could I get it loaded
don't go chill Nick good night slavery's
two o'clock in the morning is that is
that's a really true statement that Jeff
2:30 actually a good night night Hey oh
you're actually there yeah in frame yeah
I'm going to bed guys it was awesome to
me everyone chants Cosway a really good
time gonna do the meetup in belfast
tomorrow that in dublin they're gonna
head back on the ferry late at night I'm
going over to I think Wales so yes
Anglesey I will be there later tomorrow
so much love travel make sure you follow
me on tour again for notifications of
when I'm going to be doing me ups when
and where everywhere and like for me on
snapchat that's why I'm updating as well
so until tomorrow thank you very much
for watching I'll see you guys at 6 p.m.
and I will catch you guys later
adios island you are amazing
