the morning after the night before we're
surviving we out here it like in the
morning Hillary how you feeling
flip cup challenge buddy water bottle
dude how you feeling in a in a word one
word how you feel this is exactly what I
need to get rid of any sense of taste of
alcohol
so when to pay for dinner didn't realize
that one yeah I've lost my wallet and
two I'm now lost the cash that Luke gave
me pull that strong pretty strange
restaurant well done that's pretty nice
of Jay man just came over and gave me
one of his hats sure it's a limited
edition like one of like a hundred so
Jay from New Zealand thanks for the
heart I don't even wear hats book thank
you you know just casually walking down
here and then what the hell is that you
can see in the distance it's fucking
terrifying so this is now gonna consist
of me going into the con with like
everyone around me I'm going to be
trying to vlog so one you're like never
hear anything I say - I'll be like all
quickly quiet because there's gonna be
people all around me and I don't really
like going virus myself and apparently
this guy says hi so I'm now throwing you
in the water
there you go so now what is going away
truck yeah
sharknado Viva sharknado okay I'm not
too sure what Viva sharknado is thought
like oh
goodness me there's so many people this
is ridiculous
oh man oh yes let's gillies dude but I
completely forgot about the cosplayers
oh my gosh is awesome you would think
this is a line for a really really big
convention but no this is just the line
established he goes all the way around
the corner white women I am entering the
sea of people
to us again
I wonder how long it's gonna be before
you do does a yugioh go that'd be pretty
fucking cool because the characters are
not balanced wow these look absolutely
amazing
these are all just like but US version
that's incredible in it for me no gasm
for days look at the detail oh my gosh
no didn't for the little figurines on
the up on the board that's wait how much
is it ought to be decided one earth is
this all the walk you got okay
unfortunately I don't wanna watch that
trailer because I haven't seen the last
two seasons for are they real people
look that no there's no way
no there no cut coming I've been even
creepier what what is this that's why
this is impressive
I found heaven he literally have every
single pop figure possible all my days
this is in Quad you know the I'm sorry I
didn't know they took big ones oh my
gosh giant man nice I just realized that
was oh yeah I got a bunch of them and
add them to my collection
until I realized no I won't do that at
all simply because I got have a fucking
wallet it got my kids Dolan goddammit I
literally have no cash in my pockets he
looks I left them in my other shots so I
have no cash to get food drinks at
anything I'm gonna try and survive the
rest of comic-con with no money and just
see how it goes all these snap these
things are worth so much money
twelve and a half thousand wait no way
it's the holy grail of war a hundred and
fifty thousand each this is just the
depth of how big this place is like look
at these numbers and you go down that
way but if I look this way it just keeps
on going and going and going I thought I
could do this all in like 30 minutes
I've already been here for 45 that looks
so good can i high-five you okay okay
not for sale
you could've at least put a price oh my
gosh oh my gosh imagine that as an RC
car I know and it's going on sale yeah I
want if this was actually for sale and I
had my wallet I would definitely buy
this one I like this one a lot mm-hmm
shout out to Lex she managed to pay me
to look like this bad boy oh my gosh I
want to do that with like all the
prosthetics and everything and I would a
hundred percent come back to comic-con
and cosplayers that isn't it I think you
win you definitely win a Comicon that's
incredible how eight thousand sixteen
thousand
is incredibly expensive so Jason's
schooling is to like how all the comics
work they get a rate in so ten flight
it's Miranda macular perfect book and
it's all like a handful of like the tens
in the world and they're the ones will
fight millions and millions and millions
so yeah what was it the most expensive
one was like Action Comics number one
Superman Superman Superman Superman and
that's all for 3.2 3.2 copy Vogon I want
to buy this purely for artistic reasons
purely artistic reasons there is it
Black Canary sure sure sure sure
oh my god that is incredible nightmare
fuel it's terrifying but this is
terrifying I think I've found the
sexiest cosplayer this is what Jason's
been after it's a magnetic flow in Back
to the Future car I can agree with this
purchase
I don't know I can agree with this
purchase this is it this is a good
decision I have to ask the question of I
like them who needs Jordans and you've
got those things Oh is my favorite thing
at places where people cosplay it's just
all the dentals always get together and
you just dick to everyone I love it now
this is the kind of sculpture I want in
my garden that is beautiful beautifully
done they can they just connect the
phones they steal the plug sockets and
they sit and wait and wait we don't know
we out here in the streets where the
chaos is real and the Sun is burning
huge I was trying to catch you busting
your head going Chris Oh what are you
listening to
oh it's her music what I wouldn't advise
wouldn't not advise it listen I went in
there and I did some damage like guys
yeah right right
listen I thought about it there's no
other
knock away be out here doing a photo
shoot look at this that's a badass boat
don't you scroll see what we got
the thinker what I like this cuz if I go
in closer the the eyebrow this is
emotional boys you're wrapping up good
job
well played I love you all high five
you're good man
tallest man in the entire office yeah
you played me why would you do this to
me but my favorite man in the entire
office for that I think high five Bobby
bro
yeah Oh chilly I better get a lounge oh
my god I was like that's a green statues
like no it's just the Hulk like you do
see sir can I have some fries yes just a
fry enjoy waiting an hour for your food
but I know yeah hey yeah that's pretty
good that also looks pretty good but
I don't know
Oh diem son I saw this on Twitter going
around everywhere
amazing
I like how his pocket
yeah we've all used the raspberry luck
he's gonna Briggs it right now he's
Briggs in it he's gonna Briggs it that
Boris Johnson motherfucker
oh he run away I'm so sorry he ran away
just like Nigel oh shit what up fucks
where are we going haunted me what the
fuck are you doing at the insight the
entire time in front of all I hear is
just rude like a goddamn vacuum how do I
turn the power off okay fuck yourself
okay
cheers Cheers bar one actually no ghosts
do we can we go and visit the room well
shit doctor watching the the feminist
version of Ghostbusters tonight is an
election so gold I'm disappointed I
thought there's gonna be ghosts in that
no ghost is pointing up settlers roll
next place let's go
yes Father matter
little bitch get to the bar it's okay
don't worry I accept it Hey oh no we're
full bazan yes we are took like 30
minutes left so all the boss close kids
which is cheers mr. Biman
I've got the Twitter handle as intuitive
whoa
banana man
Oh ladies and gentlemen it is the
morning after the night before and it's
not the morning it's not like halfway
through the goddamn days 2:45 me and
Luke took in the car for the next four
hours in traffic this is the comic-con
traffic of chaos to leave at San Diego
so it can be chaos a long time but I
finished it in the vlog we're heading
home I'm flying back to England today
and that will wrap up my lack of America
yesterday's shenanigans were shenanigans
on a whole new level bought a great
night good time I go without you or I'm
gonna wrap this up now and basically
just relax lavoro so soft your faces
I'll see y'all tomorrow if tomorrow's
vlogs late is because I fly to England
and they obviously like that the time
difference will mess everything up but
it is what it is sorry for this vlog
being six hours late today but shit
happens
also oh he's not there let's go say we
gained a dog
