oh well that's just not gonna do that is
just wrong what is it snagging you I'm
not okay with that whatsoever here we
see the youtubers congregating we have
chimneyswift we have Adam we have chaos
and wait a minute no joke that's J
traveled to New Zealand with the legend
has returned for generally spot police
fathers really spotless or hidden spies
so this is the set up on day two looking
nice and busy nice and windy I need to
point out these two fellas here huge
fans like you record it hey this hoodie
you go good taste
syndicate original for the web following
this guy's 14 and he has a better
mustache than me this is shenanigans
this is how you do a deal this gentleman
right here I said that I want if a Comic
Con bag because it are hard to have a
badge to get him that's the only way you
can get it and this guy came and brought
with the bag but he made a deal is I get
to keep the bag as long as I said I'm a
secret syndicate original sure so I did
just that
pleasure doing business with you send
out your shirt immediately all right
sky now rolls up wearing a limited
edition syndicate sure are you vlogging
oh you guys yeah the Canadian that's me
guys that is so awesome
I had no idea he was gonna be there the
bad guy from the walking dead and also
the bad guy from guardians of the galaxy
this is so fucking cool I guess is
playing a super fire was coming it's
great now that is a sight and a half
what a legend
okay kiss you know this is so weird
so this is one describe to you what is
this it's called a video scope yeah well
how come on to my bottom of the line is
black top of the line is white
yeah the color spectrum as I move my
hand in front of it you can see in the
middle of the spectrum so it would not
outline like my hand like you can see
the feces the color what weights that
stand in front of it oh because my
shirts black yeah there goes the Black
Sea not so great
wizard she ranges this is this is so
oddly satisfying walking on ice you know
the same walking on thin ice oh my gosh
this this is something I sauce and don't
I don't look at that tongue so it's so
okay there no he's like lay in bed naked
and I'm just kicking back next to him
bass is here is nice that time and I
again that is amazing you get to see a
firework show every single night lot is
actually incredible always now I wonder
how much that raises the value of these
houses I've been like an amazing view
ver like these are dope that's good
right
that's amazing I'm impressed anyway
we're off to three buddy party now
everyone's wearing like suits and
dresses and stuff and Tom being the
12-year old I am I'm wearing shorts and
doozies go fuck yourself many other
hackers
damn son this place is hot damn son damn
damn Sodom looks so nice
and then that's me we're back at the
crazy crazy staircase where hopefully
we'll still will not be drunk enough to
fall down
oh shit
oh it's good to see you again buddy
oh yeah
yeah what are we doing are you ready
are you ready in 3 2 1 going you try and
get man thank you hey um yeah okay yeah
I quit no yeah that's life
we survived you played yourself I played
myself you did you played yourself yeah
you did
we all played ourselves bill payer found
what are we doing the glaze is that all
the way to go cheese plate I said either
way anyone say it but guess what I said
it would you say yeah your plate this is
your fucking play just I don't want I
could beat you in a tic-tac-toe
you're right you're right you're right
you're right but you know what happy to
snakes on hello a drama phone
acting is great
you take that back you framing snakes
and mothers maillot I'll take your the
top
name was Brian it was unjust and in
return you will get a slap are you ready
wait one more ok but first this no no he
drunk no I'm not drunk
cuz when drinkers have fucking drink
over fucking few drinks that's all I get
fuck him
I love you Oh what I said I love you why
cuz you're one nicest people I've ever
met
oh ye Luke can I interest you okay Murr
can I interest you in this what is it it
I think it's a sweet potato like I was
well I was convinced it was is that
actually sweet potato it is wait
so what the fuck is going home is sweet
potato Luke please okay now explain this
one this is a really sexually
opportunity pot this is a really
sexually active sweet potato a part no
it's this listen is is active it played
itself many I got your present okay Oh
shit oh now you find infinite nope
really
maybe I hate to break it to you but you
just broke you sexual partner this is
like youtubers gone wild in the hood
like fucking Big Brother this is this is
little this is this is my life you
played yourself fuckin just just the tip
just the tip no one's ever complained it
was just the tip hey good as new
don't don't don't don't wait so wait no
hold up
good as new just make up a minute at
YouTube hang out it took you a hundred
tries to do a second go go go I'm gonna
just try this one more time
holy shit I literally took like 50
attempts of this and many did it second
time and that's we're ending the night
you sure seemed I faced the fact that I
just managed that is pretty fun thank
you but I quit that's it
mr. tip tip just leave - there's now two
tips I'm happy to say that today's vlog
wasn't six hours goddamn late well
yesterday's was like four ball I tried
my best to get this vlog up for some
reason no alarm or anything woke me up I
just was like many like I feel like I
should be doing something right now it
was like a a.m. and I was like I'll get
the vlog edited I'm not hungover I'm
feeling really good because last night I
found a sandwich I was drinking like
water and coca-cola all night so like I
like hydrate and not hung over so I'm
just like I'm good for that but amazing
pie last night great times of like
through beading and everyone there like
all the homies was a really really good
time I'd like doing a really bad job at
vlogging this event like when I'm
looking back at the day I'm like I did
so much more just didn't vlog
some I'm just getting caught up in the
moment rather than filming it and just
enjoying being in the moment so I'll try
better today to vlog and as well as not
being hunger will really help as well so
I'm gonna get this vlog up I'm gonna go
for Comic Con day 3 and then this will
be our last day kind of thing so yeah
these guys are continuing to work
outside and stop me from sleeping but
hey I guess that's just life so thank
you very much watching today's vlog guys
if you enjoyed it make sure leave a like
great subscribe and everybody in the
comments leave a comment saying just
