hey isn't that a legitimate parrot-like
but is a form parrot what the hell I've
never seen a parrot in the while I don't
if it broke out of someone's house or
whatever but I woke up this morning got
a swim feeling good feeling fresh gonna
shower get an Anubha and go to comic-con
because gonna be doing a meet-up there I
think throughout the week we'll give you
a meet-up so if you're not follow me on
twitter make sure if I'm in there
because I got through BD like lounge
space area where there's like dr games
that you play and all sorts of cool
stuff i'm like mini lads gonna be there
Terrorizer but a bunch of other people
so if you want to me our faces if you
check the schedule you might just be
able to do very that thing so let's go
bye I got to space these guys are saying
hello you've arrived here it's bad what
is this you got back a swag already get
a bag of swag already
are you dead so that's pretty good
wherever Luke's just contact News live
another great walking dead space I'm
like that is fucking awesome
razor don't fucking nuba driver I know
and raise the turned over with a laptop
okay fuck yourself all right we're
looking Oh working mini working ah
hey wonder oh you sure you want me to do
this what's your name again pleasure to
meet ya I'm now about to ruin your phone
there you go good don't smudge it it's
now ruined I apologize
don't tell your parents otherwise
they'll probably punch me nah it's
amazing Hillary's tokens to do the way
right now
that outfit it's a mini right now this
is what you call it life stream itself I
guess you got drift of being a badass
over here as well Damien son especially
super inconvenient right now I was just
said you know let me increase everything
went fine everything was done and all of
a sudden I was just like oh yeah I'll go
get a drink let's get a drink is life
you got the ID so where I went to show
them the ID attempt of fucking wallets
and I've got all the way back to the
house where I came from to see whether
or not my wallet is the ex if it's not
then I'm screwed for the entire weekend
at Comic Con basically so book talks
didn't manage to find it but in one
result of good things that I have still
got is a passport a K and ID and really
enough there's $20 in that so the fact
that I've got this this means I could
still drink whilst in San Diego cuz that
shit is I have no idea my orders
managed to contact the uber driver he
said it's not in the back he said he's
picked up ten passengers since we lost
like seeing each other's this morning
which was like six hours ago now and you
know he said nothing reported and he
definitely didn't find it we can't find
it anywhere around here but I can't
recall any moment of actually being in
this building with the wallet that's all
I can think so it either has to have
been in the Oberer and so what are you
gonna do but took it oh I somehow have
misplaced it somewhere else
what the hell we turn around and there's
guy is an astronaut suit team what what
is this these guys must be hot as balls
whoa
is there any way you guys can dump yeah
whoa whoa whoa we're just gonna take a
walk over here for a second wait wait
for this guy turn around
hey this guy hey guy what is this Oh
high five
this isn't completely cozy
how you doing that guy's Popeye coat
Disney's punished we are about to assess
the situation where's the wallet in my
pants
right there yeah go for it
we're doing hair called justments with
Dana and Tom how you feel she's about to
be very scared if I flying head were for
fucking you up but we'll see I'm sorry
okay we're adventuring into the house we
may find him we may not we may die he
may be dead but literally whatever you
seriously still here for when I last saw
him Pokemon
I'm tab I'm cataloging um you know gotta
catch em all gotta catch them all yeah
Wow I'm sorry I disappointed you guys by
not uploading daily gaming videos this
month I'm sorry for not being drunk
enough right out wait you tapped ashame
shape to ring you just keep tapping the
shame is that such a voice yeah nope
made it into the streets and I'm joined
by fellow wasp item friends last night
I'm pretty sure today I even spoke to
you about your uber like losing so you
lost 10 grands worth of equipment and I
lost my credit cards and driver's
license what yeah did you put how the
hell do you walk up this sober right
right how the hell G up and down the
state oh this is trip is balls helium
Sun if you guys can even see anything we
got like so many people get on employees
of 3bd it's pretty cool everyone's here
well drink it tonight there may be a
part we're going to or say I'm not sure
what's happening
whoo shit can get some contraposition
chat and get some kappas blind okay one
second wait you can be first that looks
like knowledge to me yeah notice
economists last anonymous it's a really
good Photoshop right
hey killed it you played yourself
wearing all black everyone thought I
went for security they were really no no
I managed to get like 25 people into the
spy because they thought I work for some
cherry promotion people walk into your
life do any my idea I think I was like
yeah where is it and if they didn't have
one I send them away after a night of
bouncing I now must get 25 you'll enjoy
this place was like 2,000 people a day
we got drinks
also plug the house kicking back and
enjoying the party that so I'm going
home and dumping in Dream Theater
good night tonight I found out I'm like
stupidly sunburned as fuck and up until
now I never noticed it cuz I've always
been in the Sun if I do this oh my god
yeah I am sunburnt to the nipple I
didn't I don't understand how because
I've been like taking my time the entire
trip it is now 12 47 the next day I woke
up like two hours ago to edit this vlog
there's no way I could have got it open
time I woke up like super late the
Gardiners that I can't wait to show it
there used to be a chicken coop out
there they've now completely removed the
chicken coop and turned into a whole
brand you got it on us that's pretty
good I'm sweet so yeah temp start the
next day feel bad with our vlog today
it's just I was just so caught up in
just like enjoying the moment that I
just didn't vlog so I apologize for that
I'll try better today still no wallet
which really really suck so that means
no credit cards no money no no like
driver's license and stuff so I'm have
to reapply for all that which sucks so
cancel the cards that's just life in the
ghetto I guess and yeah time to start
day two of Comic Con where believe we've
got pirates a night with the DJ so we'll
see how that goes I'm extremely
captained I'm liking that I'm gonna go
get in the swimming pool and enjoy my
morning so thank you very much for
watching today's vlog it was very random
it was very soon and again but if
everyone wants to put a rip in the chat
forum I lost while I appreciate it and
if anyone's found it please by all means
hand it in through BD San Diego PI Comic
Con I've tweeted the address out so yeah
we loved your faces and adios
