Union Station the trip to comic-con
begins now I am exactly 10,000 degrees
hot right now I'm gonna get some food
trip on the train with rookie and Dana
and her dance conquer this place is so
beautiful I think they're doing all up
and decorating it inside again but look
at it it's so like out of a movie it
makes you might want to trouble all
around the states and trains which I've
had family do that and they said it was
awesome so I may be tempted one day that
was gonna walk into me this is what I'm
getting imagine getting that book out
wrong fast pants and therefore yes oh we
got the squads well actually it's not
exactly a squad it's just there's just
three of us but we got we got rookie be
excited to go on the train is you all
excited about the kids
good you little son with you mr. hooks
get on the train oh and then there's
data we don't like Dana she sucks
what a beautiful fountain anyway we are
leaving Los Angeles and heading down to
San Diego unfortunately I'm set up step
this rap for the entire journey James
did not make you drink you know food you
okay
surviving yeah what is this what oh is
this your vlogging I'm doing I'm doing
it wrong you fucked up good
it has been a whole 15 minutes now since
we sent rookie off to go get alcohol and
he's yet to return I'm gonna give him
five more minutes and then I'm just
gonna pronounce him dead
oh okay then they're just casually tanks
on the field over here because it come
Pendelton Embleton she knows she loved
chase you know nothing Jon Snow yeah
this is like weather training stuff art
so if we're lucky we may see some like
Chinooks flyover and shit but hopefully
none of them fire in our general
direction we have almost arrived at our
destination where about I think at 10
minutes 10 minutes away from San Diego
maybe less more James is actually doing
vlogging so if that ever goes live I
won't tell you guys about it
make him appreciate the grind himself
why should you wash your youtube channel
name gonna be it's gonna be it's gonna
be rookie Rookie Central Dana you're
excited you excited go fuck yourself
it's not Dana fuck your bag it's too
heavy damn sons the nice ass house with
staying out we got this for a little few
days this is like house 1 we're all
gonna be gathering me up can't get in it
yet we've gotta wait for Dawn
but if you look through it and you zoom
in is a 3 B d-bag like is it then that
this is our place and there's a pool in
about garden says we pretty nice
however we currently do have the keys
for the house and I need toilets so I'm
going to die yeah oh this is so cute
wait what you tell me to piss off you
trying to get rid of me is this the
whole point you actually pushing me on
the swing she's that piss off Tom but
you just keep coming back like an
annoying pest as says every woman in my
life I tried to push you away you just
get closer hey this is where we're
staying the other house was for the
other guys is where we're going so let's
go check it out
this is old-school and trippy as balls
oh yeah it does has a Zen garden
definitely no pill niggas fine and a
really nice shiny sunglasses I wonder
who polish them for you know I left my
sunglasses at the house balls will be
back there anyway Kyle gets remind me
Dana don't don't forget holy shit yeah
there is a car is it dead wolf oh no
it's a life
oh you ready to see your boys you ready
to see it skadoosh look at this Zen its
Zen garden oh my gosh I'm so I'm so sane
right now oz is really nuts
hey hey this is hey this pretty goo I
like it let's take at all okay okay it's
pretty cool it's pretty nice there's a
well this is definitely hard it not
messing with this room this is that wait
is this ours as well about building over
there because if it is hey that's pretty
good
wait it is oh my goodness place is huge
what's in here okay I thought was gonna
be a dead body there or something what's
outside here but there's another back
guard or is this one way this might be
shared no I don't think it is what
Dean there's a kayak I'm having ideas
that's all I can say Oh does it get
creepier is it oh wait is this actually
a bedroom well ah no that's rookies
rookies definitely staying here this is
definitely rookies rip what's in here
this is 1,000 is this one of them is
this a didgeridoo a picture this is a
digit mmm it's a duty to know exactly
what lies pretty cool and what's through
here let me uh let me I'm what am I
doing wrong wall wall wall wall wall
it's a big-ass dragon kite well it's
pretty cool space up here what's this
it's brick I don't know what those let's
bring it up as the garden we just looked
at what's it
nightmare painting is it what is it well
the computer I think it's put your
laptop on something okay oh wait it's
like two houses come up yes it's like
two houses combined to get this place
it's gigantic
holy nipples huge that's pretty cool so
there's a bedroom up here as well all
right so you got your library box that's
cool
car the classics okay okay we go inside
here or forgot so this the bedroom here
it is
got a little bathroom in here that's
kind of cute a nice little chair going
here there's a little uh a little did
you do that cool what's inside here okay
that's locked that's why the dead bodies
are hidden and oh sweet a totally Zen uh
what is this a totally Zen paradise the
rainforest Foundation I like it I
actually have to say I do like it no
pull though that's disappointing
yep this is definitely the murder weapon
that James is gonna die with great now
picked it up what is this
but why not what you have to say in this
little clock what what the hell okay
there's a 1960s Oh hot tub in here it's
pretty cool
let's take a look at the showerhead in
this bad boy how do I open
how do I open this thing
oh it's rocking and rolling this thing a
little bit loving it with this wooden
basket like I like it
let's go inside here see what we've got
oh I want this one there's with mine
okay claim this one yeah gasps mine
claimed I like the white I don't like
dark spaces no I'm scared of the dark
anything but cool
what is this bathroom what whoa this is
dope that's a huge bathroom that's
pretty cool I was inside here let's take
a look okay there's another walk there's
another dead body in there but this one
this is where they hide the other dead
bodies oh this is pretty good oh that's
pretty not all this is nice
I like this this is nice this is good to
bigger house TV another line and you got
space back here it's behind this what is
this
there's a door what a door what does
this lead to
whoa this guy's got good good tasted
hats
interesting interesting
well that is the tour of the oh no huh
there's the weapon James is going to die
with that's a sword inside a sheath so
I'm just gonna sneak in here real quick
and appreciate the gas a little bit more
here it is this is our space this is a
crib for the next four days if there's a
little hot tub in the middle I won't
complain you know what there's a shower
there is a shop this is brilliant
my goodness me this is amazing this view
holy shit look at all this okay he's out
I'll come on down there no that's just a
marina
similar going game food drinks food
drinks picking up all the barbecue stuff
forever ah-ah
I'll say so we're not getting through
the drinks firehouse or just getting
stuff are the other house
well we introduced fantastic okay so all
we need is water and alcohol right ah we
be out here shopping like professionals
and chip eyes look how much meat we've
actually got 15 steaks four and a half
pounds of salmon vegetables more
vegetables shalva Express do the shot
loop get a shot oh oh oh oh good stuff
was that a good stuff don't worry it
wasn't alcohol it was Express ordering
the food run a cop-caller e must get out
of it
we're doing the food run and then we'll
go back to the house I think we're
cooking it not too sure what we did want
to sleep an accommodation yeah but we'll
find out it was six oh six nine nine oh
my gosh don't you send a hundred dollars
well no I didn't fifty I got excited by
math you see that bottle Jameson's cue
because it's a nice size but this one
this one's much better there's still so
much stuff to empty but realistically
prioritize my beers are in the fridge my
cokes in the fridge and the foods in the
fridge everything else can just shopping
so I did my job I'm proud of myself
tempted kickback in so shopping complete
we now have to wait probably hour and a
half until we can eat
very hungry well I did gain a ball out
of the trip so similar for you yeah dude
this is the sharpest ball ever may throw
it Luke aggressively when I'm angry
Luke you've been caught even caught
red-handed it's going on with the sticks
don't how you warmed up I'm trying to
help this is getting emotional I feel
like we're going to turn around and just
find Angela crying his eyes out over his
steaks well I didn't know if I film the
music stuff sorry about that
let me see this phone your phone ease up
now it's bad to eat yeah again did you
sit on it or what I don't think I don't
know I don't put in my backpack I'm from
it's like yourself I paint myself how
you are you survived you made it you did
all right dude the tallest man in the
entire company hey you got squad we got
squat Wow Jack just family say got
leezak how you feeling you got laser
Thank You Saul good now I see mostly
good welcome to the club mine's already
worn off you fine wait a minute wait
this man oh my god I love it
Oh give it to going wait squad okay well
you pull my ass do it fuck Elvis yeah
here we're witness Angelo in the kitchen
God it got Gordon Angelo Garden Angelo
what are you preparing right now
how's it looking sorry
what do you do with a jalapeno all right
oh oh oh is this your steak this is
Angelo State because it looks amazing
and then this is our peasant a steak
it has pretty good we're going through
quite a lot of alcohol here but chef
Angelo and eat have done a great job
tonight we've got food to food and fit
come on the line is Brussels sprouts it
look kind of there put the spoon however
oh my god this is honestly like night
out of town it's really really that good
so that is Angela right there this is
the speaker that controls music and I
just requested the new zeal of the song
so let's see if angela puts it on or
lets us down we shall see
oh he did it he fucking did it by the
way if you remember this this is the
born tune that we listen to while we
drive around New Zealand which love DJ
the photographer and Angelo the are
people happy
okay we see the people are swarming
toward the food Luke is shutting the
door rather what do you do look that's
current is this is this just getting
sexual what's going on I'm rather
confused look
you're throwing off the vibe of the vlog
the savages are enjoying the food James
has found it
sexual wow you went below you know how
much my pains get into this van wait a
merc you are oh whoa Timur you is a
mystic you Pig what da fuck are you a
girl hey well bitch are you fucking
you're my son
well this is not completely sketches it
literally car everyone in this building
is allergic to you we don't even know
why you're here
however this building you're seeing
right here is not where we're staying
you're now staying a different place I'm
now staying at a different place
we played ourselves I even did a tour of
this building and we're not even staying
here
it's okay James so got really weird the
first house that we came to that had the
pool and we ended up staying at this
house and other people I get up go and
say the other one because more of the
people of our group were allergic to the
cat
so they went over there and we stayed
here so that's kind of that and I'm
starting my vlog with Mexican music
being blasted through my windows because
the gardener's are here and it is
amazing like it's absolute for some
reason really helped me sleep which is
odd but gonna start today's new vlog now
guys so if you've watched today's vlog
thank you very much for watching make
sure to leave a like rating subscribe
and I'll be down at San Diego comic-con
all weekend so it should be some good
fun and there's some good adventure so
I'm gonna get outta bed scene as though
it's 11:00 in the afternoon and start my
day I'll catch you guys tomorrow
adios
