Helen Oh Mother of God it is hot as
balls in Los Angeles right now getting
some dinner get an uber going down to 3b
the office cuz we're preparing for Comic
Con long time no see wall throwing dicks
either way I've made it to the whore
alley outside the office of sorry BD go
and catching up with luque basically
what we had come down to the office
today to help catch the pokemon tower in
the area so as a friend that's what I'm
here to do I have missed you so much
Alan have you been dude it's been two
years right since the story of Alan
began to come in and give me a high five
high five
hashtag story Alan if you want to go in
five like go back through Twitter using
the hashtag this is it a story on of the
story about this story well and go back
through the hashtag and you'll find
where it all began and how you became a
ladies man at Comic Con 2014 this is
Ruby Dee office this is where we are
right now and this is the only place
where you can fight in a gym because you
cook like the gyms over there so you
have to be in the kitchen now me and
Luke are on the same team taking a gym
every time we beat it heat Snipes
himself in but not minilab because he
thinks he's on steroids and Pokemon go
yeah he's here too now take it back
okay so Luke over the kitchen finish
yeah this is this is Hell's Kitchen this
is Hell's goddamn kitchen I leave the
kitchen for one fucking minute and mini
lights fucking beat me it is mine you
don't look how slut the ladies and
gentlemen I present you Oh boys I got
got this is addressed to Tom Syndicate
Cass bully's book oh look at him little
cutie oh damn Casper Dean Casper oh dear
tom you are the best daily vlogger oh
stop it Casper you're adorable
as MTV criticizes your sick
fucking dope this office is way too big
for AC units this fucking small huh
either way I'm digging into my fabulous
Lodge I got a black forest Pineda and
what's that look at this oh my god would
you just look at that just look at that
and I'm gonna take a little skin look
through casts please book but I think
I'm gonna read that on the train down to
comic-con and then when I fly back to
England
I'm literally watched all the films on
the plane recently so you know kick back
I read his book it's been a long time
since I read a book this will be the
first youtubers book I've read I should
be pretty cool hey Joe I like the fitti
looks cool all in 3d whatever but if you
take a look over here oh my goodness me
look at that that's amazing
not exactly sure what's fully going on
here but my gosh is that incredible Luke
after all this time you know that art on
that wall that like it looks like a
bunch of guys throwing dicks at each
other it's actually called a vicious
rumble that's what it's detected as in
the Pokemon go stop it's a vicious
rumble mate
damn didn't know you had a million
subscribers first are to go shut up to
the homies well Luke just got his new
old table and chairs for his office
didn't you get some art for the walls
Hey well oh is that it can you does it
work yeah really
you let your line
I don't know I'm speaking to high pitch
but damn dude this was real nice I like
the wooden touch what in class looks
good let's come up on let's go wait in
for Alan to stop playing with his
goddamn hockey stick and set up this HTC
five for me why is it not working on
that's working did you play hockey no I
thought you were professional hey well
these two sticks you want to go play
yeah I'm sure Angela won't kick our
asses for playing with the sticks but
yeah we'll be fine
oh we set it up I can't wait to play
this thing I'm basically just gonna sit
on a chair over them being healthy I'm
just gonna sit down and play it is it
working I don't know I don't know you
pull you into all this aah
the HTC fight is driving me crazy it's
currently unplug my charger not working
so we've got two different headsets
they've got two different everything
we're trying to get it up and running
it's been like four fucking hours and
it's still not rocking and rolling so
eventually I'll be able to go downstairs
and enjoy until that I'm going on the
roof and sitting in the Sun we out here
on the rooftops kicking up some dishes
in grabbing some chairs I don't know why
there's two random chairs just observing
me why is there two chairs just randomly
observing the tray in mine because I'm
facing that way to get some Sun no this
office right here is 3bd now we own two
floors of this four we've just taken
over this entire building down here and
this is gonna be like a live streaming
building I like gaming so all that sort
of stuff like any productions we need to
shoot and stuff so that's gonna be all
as well which is hey that's pretty nice
he says pretty good so as soon as that
gets taken over I'm gonna have like a
whole live-streaming gaming rig in there
and I could not wait it's like I'm like
all the way in the distance when you see
the coast I'm all the way over there
after travel like an hour and a half
every day to travel all the way to here
but then once I'm here I can just work
from there and then if we do we might
pick up a this is all like places where
you can live we might rent one of these
spaces for the company so like people
who like work late or something they can
just stay here so that's a trouble so I
could probably like stop at this place
like a bunch of times I like just wake
up go to work wake up go to work that's
our thing so hopefully it all pans out
perfectly and I do not rip this cable
man I've been on the roof now kick you
back for about two hours
don't know I I probably stupidly
suntanned but every about 20 minutes I
get a width of sewage just flicked up in
the air so it's been pretty a pretty
fascinating to be opened unless I've
gained a follow-up Lucas now joined me
to kick back on the rhythm we'll go get
some food soon a maybe go out Pokemon
hunt again tonight don't worry
everyone's freaked out the vlogs being
like it's only Pokemon go is my Pokemon
go but it is Pokemon go in this Pokemon
go it's alright
shit happens alright in my opinion I
mean lapd's on tours get the fuck out of
it I'm pretty sure they're filming for
traffic anyway is it a triple fucking
our Lee went through a glass fucking
ceiling roof Jesus I'm gonna take that
as a sign to get the fuck down stairs
and not look the highway yeah Chris get
it Chris get it Chris
so professional here it's a misty well
we're going for cream barbecue again but
I'm looking over here and I'm like day
what is this whoa whoa whoa what is this
wizard chin holy crap guys I feel like
I'm buying like like toy food by look at
this this is so c'mon I'm so obsessed
with like Korean food and stuff I don't
know if it's Korean or Chinese or
Japanese but nonetheless this looks
incredible and we're back
getting Korean barbecue and I ignore all
this food all of these bowls all of this
food on go straight to the egg fried
rice and eyeball all of it punch my
plate is this shit is
absolutely
Luke if we don't take that cheese off it
is going to bubble and splash into these
guys faces and burn them immensely
you're gonna become a cheesy version of
to face a cheesy British to face soul
connections the next DC here oh here we
are walking around late at night
catching pokémon while these guys are
I'm not but like for the record look at
these lights you see how they're all
like they're like this I'm gonna take
this lens off and see if it makes a
difference to remove it watch goof oh no
it's still there even my camera my
phone's broken
on it's cleaning or something oh I got
left behind
shit we're in Little Tokyo we're going
catching pokémon ice cream can wait
look we're literally in major Tokyo
look at this lanterns everyone here is
playing Pokemon go it's great I have
never been here my entire life but I
like it I love it I mean is this it's a
wishing tree whoa damn anyways the whole
22d just got shown up by this guy's
level 23 Java Gyarados Java guy I think
you've got him on the Gyarados
oh yeah and it wouldn't be right in
Little Tokyo oh yeah what - that is
actually an entire wall dedicated to
hell okay
fuck you know they love that shit Italy
just joked about an empty gym being open
to the point where Luca me lad run
vigorously towards it to go and catch it
so I guess we're gonna go and have to
catch that gym we out here in Little
Tokyo apparently where I just went to
the bathroom everyone out here though is
all planet it's probably like midnight
right now and everyone's just playing
Pokemon go
they make your ice cream as liquid why
that you're there to see yep pretty much
let's do this what is this oh my god
this is real Italy coming here for ice
cream and then they don't melt from milk
comprises they freeze the milk in front
of you to get Ashley do freeze milk to
guys pretty sure yeah I don't know
do you freeze milk do you freezing milk
no no she's like you're drunk go home oh
this is the process so they pour in the
mixture
it gets smoky a spot it gets thinner
spoke and before you know it in a vice
it's quite simply science oh my gosh the
collection of the good stuff look at
that I got lucky charms I got blue
velvet I got Coco Pops in their glow
chocolate sauce pageant a caramel sauce
too much daughter so much going you were
going to look plain and simple I don't
know Sparkle you do not go to a place
where they put liquid nitrogen to make
your ice cream you go above and beyond
this is easily a every single bit of
that absolutely incredible if you need
ice cream late at night I really
recommend ice - cream I think that's all
that it's called ice cream love
definitely recommend it all right teen
drug save go home safe catch you later
there's a pleasure late now ice cream
was great though genuinely happy to be
getting in bed it's one o'clock in the
morning I've got a void get it gonna
upload it thumbnail everything fall
asleep I am NOT sent alarm in the
morning I'm just gonna wake up whenever
the hell I wake up so thank goodness I'm
gonna get my sleep schedule side like
I'm absolutely wrecked from like staying
up late editing these vlog so excuse me
you guys heard I'm actually gonna be
going down to comic-con it's gonna be
awesome go buddy going down there with
3bd just hanging out doing cool stuff
partying like pretty much every night so
that should be absolutely wicked I will
actually be doing meet-and-greets I
think nearly every day whilst I'm down
at comic-con so if you're in San Diego
or you're at comic-con down there I'll
be able to see your faces and just like
high-five you and say thank you for
watching the videos and all that sort of
stuff so it's gonna be good fun lookin
forward to it we'll see how that all
pans out I've not like confirmed my meet
and greets because every comment kind of
usually gone - it usually ends up hiring
really really hard and then missing all
the schedules throughout the day of
things that I usually do so we'll just
see how things pan out so nothing
concrete yet but if I can do it I'd love
to me a bunch you guys so if you down at
comic-con and you're 21 let's hang out
let's pile let's enjoy it and I'll see
you guys tomorrow for my next daily vlog
so until 6 p.m. tomorrow I will see you
guys there you should especially like
born and adios
