oh hello there hello there wait where
are you going
hello did you enjoy that last night a
little cuddle session the bed tired to
kick them out because they kept waking
me up anak there is a surprise happening
today as well as a New Year's Eve pie so
let's get an iced tea and on the first
step of get this house organized yo
story of today dad I'm gonna check the
CCTV my dad you know I told you I got
mine I was driving my defender pair in
the snow and then it's on the off the
edge well it somehow is back wheel went
off the edge and look there is like a
drop down there but here it's not six
foot but down there at six four but like
there's a drop energy for you just cuz
it's all downhill
my dad was tire burning cuz he was stuck
with a wheel off the edge what I told
you man this drive is just mega
dangerous if I could do something no it
sounds so stupid but just for a fucking
dream purpose and make the drive all the
way up here
all dead high like a reinforced roof
segment the basement all the way oh just
twenty times the amount of house and I
could pack all my cars dude up top I
never have to worry about Mount
Kilimanjaro and I know you want a party
but you can't cuz you'll be the the star
of the show so you've got to go alright
you ready let's go
alright you're not going you're not
gonna admit it but were you scared
pyrotechnics Ken reporting for duty
is this your hair for the night I like
see I was gonna do you know Joe you can
seriously pull that off but yeah you
look sleek I don't know if I can pull
that off though it looks good it
actually seems yeah but um so you're
doing that hey I've got to run to the
traffic center huh
pick up my pick up my suit that you need
anything sweet welcome to your new home
for the next 24 hours
feel free to roam you have cat bed which
is comfy
cat litter where you pee cat food where
you eat okay bye no fun you guys are
gonna be friends with the
one ikat so don't pick on him don't say
mean things and I will cut together
imagine one of the house dick tip - ah
mission to complete
I've collected the balloons and what
people in cells kind of mission one
mission to was to drop in for cats
that's done now got room bikes house
give Olivia Ortiz George Jefferson it
get my stuff thank uh mom I can do this
to go on then over the old pops yet oh
okay okay thank you very much happy New
Year to you as well this is the lady who
hooked us up with the boys we paid from
but then she was like can you give me a
cheeky shout doctor I'll give you an
extra thirty balloon and I was like hell
yeah I'd give her a shout-out anyway cuz
look at the blue you look hella sick we
ordered another sixty to fill it and
look how good this looks
oh one I think three of pops so fast
well I'm like 160 with three three down
but she did hook you up she did to make
it a bit more best if you've got Happy
New Year black and gold balloons oh it's
just a little bit it's the little tasty
tasty bits but yeah this is looking good
and I need to go get this sushi
organized more importantly I need to get
you some food somewhere has to have it
he'd be not no joke Steve's been on a
vegetarian diet for like the past week
so he seems happy and it's cold on a
scale of 1 to it's kind of far I'm so do
this instead of me you look Brad well
alright okay I'm gonna say you look very
very Brown
no no to be honest when you when we said
how many he was I didn't I don't think
you acquainted ah Jesus
if it wasn't for Tom you would have
fallen off the edge of Mount Kilimanjaro
you would have been the first victim of
the mountain I almost was it but look
he's not even talking about he's like to
her you talk about wait until I look on
CCTV
that glass pyramids not gonna last two
seconds
Tania it's got between now being 12:40
p.m. and midnight before we toast and
pour it
I hope she's got the custom-made boxes
signed sealed delivered otherwise we're
screwed
look who I found she's gonna said go put
me in the vlog how's your broken nose
broken I feeling your alcoholics pumps
and oh you better know I got the prizes
for the cute River Island for this half
is the longest in my life look at this
by the way this will be the first time
ignore the tree hello my friend look
this is the first time you'll see the
squad together look at that
ah ah ah beautiful yeah oh shit
me I'm not being the one that knock this
over no no these chairs need to go
immediately fuck I don't want to New
Year's Eve fight anymore but carry in
the chair all the way around the elves
to the side gonna get through it into
the lounge tell me you booked it yeah
and all right you've got it yep no well
so foot well big supernormal chairs yep
yep yep oh yeah that is a hey dude good
job whoo these lights look sick they
look really good I like that it's kind
of like that mood lighting saw stuff
rather than white light in I kept good
job as per request Betty my neighbor my
girlfriend wants me to go and pay her a
visit I hope she's it then she's not our
of hottie but it's gonna say hello there
has truly been just okay but the massive
rain cloud coming in and we're about to
get soaked
oh that was it
hoping for some little bit longer look
at Christmas tree oh look at the door
waiting for me to go see you later Betty
Oh bye
I love it to pieces book I
walked in everyone's room everyone's I
was just like popping up in live yeah
it's one of those you think we get stuck
so unfortunately I feel bad I said I'll
go and see you in the new year but I've
got so much shit to do
I've got by the time I went through the
door I was only there for 15 minutes
I've got about 19 missed calls so we've
had it before
yes god choppy an egg boiled eggs
chopped up with usually bacon but this
time ham on bread all right make
yourself comfortable are you you've
taken the entire left side you've taken
the right side right listen
that fat move see moving see position is
about to move as fast as possible he can
smell this food and he's like oh yes
miss Luna balloonist this is a really
good shower look how good this is
it's like a magical Wonderland look at
it just these very lights from Costco it
just transforms the house Wow Wow
look this is I've always wanted this
like nice and lit up like this obviously
right now it's like zip tied on and
stuff so it looks like potato weight but
you don't even know what's it here
I know and then we got the hug row
setting up down here mm-hmm
yo V YV smelly boats how we reveal it by
the way how good do these look I I said
so I was like what I forget it all the
way was like now he'd be fine just then
and I bumped into ours and Carl at
Costco and Jeff said oh he was like this
fucking dude and it makes it like a
little magical Wonderland done it if it
just doesn't rain the only thing I am
missing is if I could've fucking got
some heaters because then it would be so
nice to chill out there next year
actually learn learning
coming together I'm loving this we've
got we've got the blue lady signed it
and now we've got the photobooth side in
it and then we have Jess just out at the
bat Barrett was it Barris but Bruce
bartender is about tender would you call
it cocktail waitress
I don't know the right word I only know
wait waitress that's not right but much
more than that anyway they're also
because they're the first three people
are his guests I need to get the hog
roast guy to sign it as also hell yes
yeah moved all the chairs wrong looks
awesome this looks good
happy new you really Lydia was gonna
make it say hashtag let liver than a
titty but I forgot to get on get it's
been cooked for how long alright let's
see it alright yo just stand inside a
wall right liddie liddie liddie that
backdrop looks so Alice always it's the
perfect backdrop sick yeah yeah look at
it come come come come
lid right you've got two dresses oh very
nice always very nice Alice I love it I
love it I think we just got that exact
same dress yeah Lydia no no for real oh
this is the one I won't go
via FaceTime him
you see he's so fucking stoked to have
you yeah
the perfect backdrop of all time I
honestly when I saw this on the website
I was like your eyes take a look
brilliant absolutely really love it
finally managed to remember my Spotify
login to my house is Spotify remember
like how did you forget that trust me
very easily done forgot it but now got
to it and I've got a Great Gatsby themed
playlist that was just made on Spotify
were like 5,000 followers and it's like
a nine hour long playlist I'm like so
got that playing throughout the house
it's looking good looking good good good
I'm like mega excited and got about an
hour before anyone should start Donal
awesome it's ready no way
smashed it did some do that no fucking
way
Wow ye it's seven o'clock on the dot
there's people arriving I am NOT ready
I've no see when people are out here
already dressed
I still cuz it looks good the themes
good everything's good I'm gonna shut
any shower I need shouting quick so you
know what I gotta say I just I don't
think I I don't think I screw up too bad
I don't think I screw up too bad at all
happy to your folks
Happy New Year yeah horizon thank you
okay you two look oh my god I'm actually
actually really surreal that you here I
almost feel like I'm a gaming event
oh yeah yo big eyebrows hey do I have to
say your looks absolutely swagger but
the fact that you drew yours on and you
just like hey yo this is best Rest
competition is hey no no no do you think
there is can feel the cake I did look
okay
best dress fun way yes yes yes all my
friends my place my friends oh the head
oh I didn't know you meant unlike
display like ah yeah bang in the head
oh yeah maybe very much my friend this
is one of the best things I receive my
mum's pouring a drink down the lose it
but they stopped it all was it frozen
keep going
oh yeah I still really like builds up a
bubble that might stop so crumpets
this is really nice turn wicked
The Syndicate lays beanies rustling
fucking dead weight narrator shock
the texture but let's gonna say that
seems thing let's go sir
just like can I go next
he's like a straw so jewel oh my god
makes friends and family it's a knife or
oh my god
friends I was like you come here that
you don't know - no - no I know all the
secret and then I got a text I'm on the
fucking right I'm the pen I'm climbing
the hills I'm so good is here welcome to
my alcoholic family all right I have to
ditch the jacket when I was so the next
did you know every step we go first Oh
God let it go is this a good idea I want
a good tonight it just has to be done
then it's so simple to take a shot but
in an ice luge it's just perfect oh here
we go
I call alcoholic in hiding here
absolutely smashed that one welcome home
in hey blame deck this is just come on
so brilliant I'm so oh I love this wait
where's that yeah wait my mom was
supposed to be you were supposed to be
kissing me and you're literally just
yarding on me good job oh look
pay attention bad bird and what's the
last one and shakes as if you made
nine-time oh my god sandwiches birthday
now very good
we're science run out of the foot shop
so soon started ringing everyone's sound
I'm so glad you came
look how amazing this is I'm loving I'm
honestly so happy you came
let the photo light the fact that you
came in like deck gamers don't like
moped sound like all this I'm your great
Sam like I'm so glad you came oh wait
wait no no stop done it's almost like we
have the same weight all right
fashion sense yeah you're grab you big
gorilla mine yeah they always say size
doesn't matter but if it does go it's
good anyway
okay hope you like this if you fart one
more time in Maya I swear to god what's
the story of this when I was 18 there
was a bombing at Pontins a great
yarmouth hmmm is what you were like this
is the original bowtie for me being so
small right right now because to a book
you favorite people just fucking well
they met ages go book I thought you guys
would be friends not hate you too well
boy showing the wrong guy who's got he's
the man
he's not bald is just balding I'm going
now
I think you know I appreciate you know
I've got a really good night I'm just
gonna go
I appreciate much love goodbye I'm gonna
go but oh okay okay bye hates keys what
up - uh holy shit help us all heaven
fuck I bust 11 the Pigman take my homies
getting up now everyone's at like we had
like probably maybe only half the pig
but he's now balancing good sir thank
you very much for your service tonight
you smashed it everyone was super you
going you know stains off the fireworks
play we're about to put on mate you can
be not I have to go I have to go look
after yourself Merrick off and after
this all right kudos tapes a boy works
and my friend my friend can I have a
expresso martini no there will be no
jumping in the no I've got to cast its
they call me reindeer so we have to
decide who want a best dressed woman and
best dressed man
Lydia would win hands down if it was
woman but then I remember like her yeah
I questioned it
but it was decided best dressed guy
hands-down 100% my brother - I had to be
like I need another look around I'd only
be hearing about the guys we're gonna go
look at all the ladies yeah I'm gonna go
a movie go check out girls don't fall
don't fall on me
onion okay looking very nice my nice oh
oh oh oh wait ladies ladies
we're doing okay though hey no slut drop
it you've got the book girls like they
know they're posing for photos are
judgment marks
whoever you're just like I look fine Oh
Oh Gumby focus you'll be okay okay keep
it keep it buzzing keep it classy
okay
okay okay okay well you do look smart a
hoody looks my nice
a mozzie thank you all for coming but
it's been amazing but people provide
America for violence from Jesus
thank you for just coming candy balls
and 70 dressed open Gus mine we will be
having everyone afterwards we're only a
massive thank you to be
and without with you my chest
you have a favorite girl one my favorite
girls
stay safe they say there's a fireworks
that just keep giving like the thing is
like usually when you film fireworks do
that far away you can see all of it but
we're so close
Oh firewood oh my god
okay it's very nice
hey chub okay yeah caddies this last one
right this no thanks the last one got
these fireworks just keep going don't
make the homeys Charlaine fireworks you
hooked here we will be back next you
guys hey so lost fireworks this is the
last one
still going my eyes gales got my
firewood she's not just go
ladies and gentlemen I believe this is
the final rocket if it lights so this is
the last one Hey
thank you
let's go son you'd be one and you try to
change with my videos right easy he's
trying to change there my friend
you have a good night's sleep my friends
and it turns out everyone's money just
to get to the sweet jar wait oh my god
okay so oh my god it's so much camps
okay so I said I'll print it off for
2018 yet oh wait what does it look like
I love the poses
oh very suave I like whatever I have to
admit there was one thing that I thought
by helping with this balloon it's open
eight you're talking nothing okay good
luck goodbye got it got it
wait she's literally running away from
you this slow speed I've got a nice time
is it very good bye
would you come again Nexus yeah are you
making these
no no no no no do you see a tienen em no
this time that chair
no Matt my brain my play Tom McCullar
tom cassell I got my throne you can hear
my throne you sit in that garage micron
get out so this is uh this is a like
wait so is this from the back of the
phone oh this is our bore gangster
father you are such a fine man brother
this is brilliant so trophy fish Walker
hey yo people
oh hi straw is right and sick Musa Dagh
suck - yeah that's not child no way
that's amazing Wow that's horrible
lies are so terrifying terrorize that is
terrifying
he's so stuffy it's okay it's gonna be
said like these girls of absolutely
Kersten bad life big but getting
organized
Livius I'll be like halfway the bow we
basically got as many followers as we
can take another one yeah this is a
pretty cool table
oh look that is such a nice 400 what boy
nice going on right now
oh oh
bottles shoes some shit going on but
look at this you've got like these like
printing machine or anything no idea
what's going on oh it's been well worth
the money easily Oh ladies trying to
leave she's like okay guys it's been
great gonna go honestly she's been an
absolute star and we've taken so many
photo it's been amazing
but then I come outside here what do you
guys talk about fish and chips are you
the me bartender my friend what what
drink can you give me a what are you up
at me what have you got
yeah after that display because now
you're playing the guitar but how old do
you know where it's way so when you I
was 18 the other plane
Dec 14 year old stop behind me took a
bowl with me and said I'm stuck behind
you in a play and it's like creep your
spark is real nonetheless we started
working together a micro project I know
is like one of my greatest friends ever
they're nice to me go and that meet like
an even people like summer loads of
people but then like something like some
just like you talk about your the event
it's like a threat he's like a fun way
and it's like let you loose so they try
this is why I look like community the
fucking best because the audience have
grown up with me and the people have
grown up with me 75
we
you'd like to say a few words to the
drunken crowd
congratulations my friends we have a
winner tonight tonight has been a
success photobooth lady is now even
she's going she's off she's out I just
hope she doesn't crash up among Calogero
and she's close no that's fine that's up
stop stop
you keep going honestly you will go up
that yeah you keep going you won't fall
off the edge All Right see you later
Godspeed and good luck he'll still don't
still more revs Morris yo the photobooth
lady legit nearly fell off the ledge
Gemma whoo but I think you have to like
dig it out I think you gotta look it out
absolutely the same thank you Jess thank
you for everything thank you thank you
thank you for have I've pleasure to be
here
honestly this night wouldn't have not
even exist in this place if it wasn't
you so honestly truly thank you for
everything
hey so just for the record wait Sam
Jones have you washed your friend
somewhere in this house all this garland
Sam Jones has lost his friends wait we
may have found some Jones's friends hey
where were you
I don't know okay let's try oh me oh my
you crazy clothes something happen I
ended with in the house all I got I
don't know
well at least you're alright I'll go
wash off in the bathroom is over that
warm drink
Livia's game chees introduce people to
is kind of strange they basically have
to drag this along the floor not hit the
core and it did if they hit the cup you
have to reset during the process that
the door and to make our way to the end
they get shot come on all right
yeah I think elegant Lydia's gonna have
to be eliminated in a minute it is well
if you like I know she's right it's the
last attempt this is like watching a
drunk person do math oh well then how to
test if someone's drunk 101 okay okay
it's got tactics she actually didn't
already
I've never seen this yeah
oh hey seven six five oh three say
that's the whole point
ten no hey seven six five four three
okay she's just gonna take a shot
10650 three two one take a shot ten nine
Hey
did you have a good time I don't wait
damn so London is Irish boy came all the
way from London ticket bullshit get the
fuck out boy ass you fucking slag I do
not expect the door to show then so I
come back down and Lydia's doing shot
limbo okay as they don't actually knock
oh nice they don't let me watch you do
this let me just it's okay how do you do
limbo with one ACL gone gone methane I
blend you can have jell-o shot that's
what I do
Frankie oh man I got those all right
Alice can you do it
it's like then back it up and again and
again come on my brave that was a sad
goodbye
it is a sad goodbye to some my mine
thank you very much for coming another
son where the fuck did you go I'm
actually have to check my CCTV to see
why it fell on the front of my drive
down the side in the back of the off
Kilimanjaro who knows what hey Chavo I'm
safe you guys stay in LA when you leave
I say this is where the night actually
may get very interesting to me also may
not just because I'm saying this at 4
o'clock in the morning but I've had a
massive migraine just like two and a
half hours it's at a point where it's
like not ruining my night but I've just
known wanted to drink I'm not wanted to
get like involved a sort of thing but
said it is now
sorry help us for mk Southwest pour that
means the pools open well the people is
open at 4:00
according to Alice's rules well the pool
is now open the music is playing the
kitchen does look a little bit of a mess
but I tidied up a little bit listen I'll
even go there but I think it's time
check out Intel my part a costume cuz I
don't have any clue where my swim shots
are
yeah yes
yes some Jones let's see you make that
some fun ah I'm gonna cry when I see how
about migraines like finally going oh my
god
George are you going getting your city
bus to you you wanna go get a I've got
my outfit I'm ready
oh wait do you see the rest of it I'm
ready and to reveal why he's so happy I
don't have swim shots but you better
know I got a cookie muffin it must it
onesie let's go oh god it's like a cast
trail like a chaos trail I only have one
thing to us
no no jumping no jumping in the booth
not jumping no jumping in the boat I got
that got on duty
I really hope this mode is waterproof
because
all night great to finally get to far
just really difficult or miss heavy I'm
carrying so much fucking liquid like
it's hot and it's wet
okay I'm dried oh yeah okay my oh my god
you want to get in because she was gonna
get wet
my god this channel yeah
okay bye she wants to give someone a
shout-out here is it when I'm tired my
man
and we're going also to me crash crash
person that's alright say a legend
what's up guys my mom's I maybe meet you
one day bye you seem to be wearing
clothes
I wanna see some moves
yeah that just smooth criminal' right
now scooby-dum you see Zach you're
perfectly dressed for getting in the
pool George you're not exactly dressed
for getting in the pool mate hey glad
you did hey give me a high five it's a
good job
I don't know when it goes that you're
adorable that's a compliment
it's going to be no wobbling about food
dancing with basically lose that extra
bit well done young padawan you've
learned how to vlog and now we see no
just get on camera can I just get on
camera
oh just fucking fell first
it's a rookie doctor all right let's get
a reaction oh wait no oh no they're
taking off the other side she's not
coming in yeah she's going she's going
round up coming in god damn it it's been
an amazing night
everything's been epic but it is like 6
o'clock in the morning I'm just that
headaches come back I'm gonna get bad
bono pie I'll fall asleep but I
guarantee a drunk sister drunk someone
is gonna come barging in any moment I've
locked it but I guarantee they will
unlock it but let me show you what
everyone else has managed to go and do
let me peek through the curtains reminds
to get outside into the hot soap always
knows what she's doing like all those
homies down there like they're top
people I trust them I believe in them
they'll be absolutely fine but it is a
matter of time before Alex I can hear
Alex screaming cow so it's a matter of
time before she comes screaming goes and
demands to get himself and also next
statement how the fuck that balloons
that balloon and not really get from
three stories up into my bedroom I had a
confused I'm gonna join end the vlog now
without coughing or anything
must be are just killing me no you are
pretty good well honestly just what one
hell of a night like I could go get the
hot soup and stuff I already know people
are jumping out I've already because
it's not that hot and mine's not hot in
there so they
hell out of Dodge I hope you can even
hear me by the way because my microphone
apparently might be a bit funny for me
being in the pool but nonetheless
amazing that they did an absolutely
beautiful beautiful job at the house
Lydia smashed it she was like no I had
to think about it like afternoon after
the new year and it gots like 2:00 a.m.
we were like doing beer pong stuff on
that but he was kept the part was kind
of like and then all of a sudden Lydia
was like I have these piety games and
the PI games just lit a fire under
everyone he was playing I think every
single person we played and took part in
that stayed yeah and lit a fire under
them to anyone else you missed out
because didn't know it was that I just
yeah yeah they were doing whatever age
so then the two to four crew then stayed
from four to six and it's just been
amazing one hell of a night best party
I've ever thrown at this house like
honestly it's so good I'd love to
someone do they always throw a party and
have my American friends fly over like
so our deal a nice nearby hotel so
there's enough room for them to stay
throw the pie and then have them be here
for it like there's so many American
people like obviously like no Angelo
Adam like just like the optic keys or
like other optic guys like you know hex
like the ones I'm like really close to
like I'd love I just love to fly those
people I like it'd be so much fun to do
that but I think if we did that that
would be like a wedding or something
that would be like I wedding by to fly
them out table amazing like I'm gonna go
come dine so much love they were like
great in this I was on January 1st 2018
so thanks for watching leave a like
crane
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
6 p.m. ding dong the Bell as always I
saw Dee oh haha my house my house my
boss what I don't know I'm saying about
