good morning world I just received a
phone call of my father to come on
downstairs I'm not wearing my socks yet
to come check out what he's done
oh snap the garden furniture have
arrived yeah this looks good
what's a man have fabs to the fives it
looks it's men nice well good choice oh
this looks really good here yeah like
this team can finally kick back and
chill out well good job kid
good job this looks nice and perfect
nice and perfectly a big long table
there like a water 2420 person see you
even know 20 people doing background
yeah I think so okay I like reclaimed
wood but you want mate we don't need
this one cream in the UK you need to get
sunburned if anything we're gonna get
another one of these and put it there so
it's like corner and corner so like a
nice little nasan's but you already
brown enough you don't need any more Sun
Tanning Oh guys it's comfy in it oh oh
there's proper nice I have to feed the
employee so I'm going getting us some
dinner and starting this day yet to edit
yesterday's vlog so if I don't get that
done soon it's most likely going to be
late so get my together no no no no
no no no no no no boy eh my dad got
a sandwich rocking it down with a
monster and two gingerbread man oh and a
tub of gravy oh and the sausage yeah I
went all in being British today but yeah
chip boys by the way there's a question
for you guys when you go to a chip-in
this is 12 my British people no one else
could answer this question when you go
to the trip it what do you get
oh snap we back in here and now the
problem with the AC where that was
blasting cold air on me there's now been
switched to that one takes out the air
and that one puts in here so no longer
am i freezing my ears up awesome here my
dad also put the wires back in the walls
as you can see and filled them in I'm
gonna pay them over and smooth them over
so you'll be able to see that and then
might get this wall painted green so I
can do a green screen background office
is evolving also come we called up desk
sorry my videos that I was talking about
I wanted to get on these desks from John
Lewis and probably they do better
and they were like yo we might send you
one if you're interested so we'll see
how in a couple of weeks if they
actually do 71 so until then we're stuck
in this mud bog which is great but I do
really want the move index and as for
wire management and we need to work on
that if someone's got some advice as to
what to do with all that please
immediately let me oh man this is
looking mighty fine look at this
absolutely looks like someone has a
house here and actually occupies this
place look at the garden down here put
in Nebraska and straight line damn it's
like it like a painting like a piece of
art right now right there yeah this
looking mighty fine very very happy with
the choices I made there just got a
phone call my dad that he's got his
hands on some electric pedal bikes so
I'm gonna go over to his house now check
them out and maybe have a little bit of
a drive around on them not too sure what
to expect because I think I don't think
they're like fully electric I think
they're kind of like ride assist ones
and I think it's something I've seen
like fouseytube used before but never
used one before so we're gonna go check
it out well my goodness there they are
holy snap look at the size of them these
are the two crows that have been
terrorizing my house but the scary thing
is right you only see two right there
you know oh yeah there is only two no
apparently they've had a baby and it's
even bigger than them somehow let's get
him let's get him let's slowly run them
over let's uh get back here get back
here I don't run you over no on
earth is this go on Graham give us a
spiel explain what these are it allows
people like me your vet to get something
faster fit people so it does it let you
go how much speed restricted to 17 miles
Oh 17 miles per hours rather than a
rather than you can't press the button
anyway yeah yeah so it's like for going
up hills and stuff like that it's easy
basically so somewhere exactly Tony
needs I catch a bitch Hey all right so
what I'm going to do is in a ride pass
just normally pedaling and you'll see
what it's like and then I'm gonna use
the boost function so you could be like
70 miles per hour on this thing
this is without the boost this is with
the boost Gustav Gustav it helps that
your weighs a lot freestone as long on
it yeah go go faster go all right so
we're on for miles per hour
look I'm just slogging away like this
but if I press the button it makes it
easier then easier then easier then you
just get stupidly fast goes up to 8
cents 70 miles per hour I just get up to
20 that's pretty cool
I try again oh we're cheating talk to
her crash walkie now it's well good
all right this is the test Graham no
boost Tony boost you ready 3 2 1 go it's
so much easier and these two it really
fit riders with our games but I'm sorry
sorry Tony but the boost is just so good
it's definitely one of the coolest
looking bikes I've seen of it get on it
see how fast you can go Ken Dodd the
speediest man in G cross in the 60 60
force category okay here it's so fast
here we have it I found wait a minute
what's going on here what is this
you've broke down already you're gone
for like two seconds you're
useless just randomly decided to go and
get some beer and also to walk around
the corner so this guy wearing a
syndicate journal shirt and these two
you sort like you see me driving or
something so we drive in walked in a
said hello my mind's blown the reason
why it looks so fluffy is because what
did you do Wow
like a fluffy hoodie on top of it so
it's kind of like ruin the shirt and his
pants but nonetheless very nice to me
it's about time I restock the four
interesting thing just needs emptying
new king and then topping up with like
tons more different stuff I usually only
drink Budweiser and Becks some of those
drinks Keller and
Chris the one on is over he just drinks
Desperados so think we've got him some
down that well I say some there's one I
got some new garden furniture it is only
5 o'clock now the lads are all still at
work so hopefully once you get a kick
back and just sharks I got my gaming
video going live today my boat's already
edited and uploaded and everything
should just go where hopefully nice and
smooth so fingers crossed it should show
without relaxed day from now on randomly
decided to just pull up outside the pub
with me Dad then call Sean's over it
I got cajun chicken burger this seems
well nice randomly today I was gonna
give a massive shoutout to k-e Sean's
daughter who's an amazing Thai rice I'm
going to show you what she does their
instagrams gonna be down below go and
follow us this is a cover up right but
was it the little dragon yeah yeah a
little dragon you had look how I make 15
hours this is the coolest tattoo ever
and then this bad boy oh my god that is
 amazing she's so good
she's gonna be doing it a year and she
yeah the Sun is setting
the boys are chilling and the actual
furniture is doing its job good
success 9 o'clock at night the sun's
only just gone down look how beautiful
that is for furniture did its first have
a good job soon as those its first days
ever existed but but now moving inside
called
a stick I'm now been talking about how
good the tattoos are a friend does and
this is why they're so good because look
out but my tattoos down so I thought you
would suit new tattoos so I decided that
you needed a use protection penis
tattooed out of tents a bit white out of
ten for their quality out of ten one but
one being the best I won't be the
shittest make it alright tell you what
you can give me one on the armor we'll
see what we'll be back with seeing what
Sam does to me Sam's finished and some
decided to be a twelve-year-old high
school and do the old school s a em like
competitive competitor twos leave a
comment down below who wins
make sure the forfeit be proud of it
what come on sharp it's got me nailed it
to spice things up more Warwick's
tractor turn yourself off man we don't
need you on to spice things up even
though we've got everything here and all
that sort of stuff we're jamming out off
the local pub get a drink and just a you
know I'm gonna build a breath of fresh
air I think Tom's taking a poo in there
yes yes so we'll wait for Tom to health
and happiness
wait what do you say
Matthew daddy to play
rock-paper-scissors blue eyes my dreams
salutations Graystone
delicious and Rob finishes last savoring
every penny we've even got good news or
bad news bad news at all and I can't pay
for another round mark listen we've done
it we've got rock papers around the
table and it's now down to you two to
decide beginning my slide at the end he
was the ends to stay with him so it's
rock-paper-scissors so goes like this
rock-paper-scissors shoot between you
two to the side
come on come on get it no Zack Rock
Paper Scissors shoot
that'll be seven years bombs please good
sir in the arms of an age I just miss my
cell phone just like casually walking
home and you're just complaining about
how much one you've lost it was fifty
quid still really with it you need a bit
of fun camera action on this oh that's a
beer sausage that is right there I've
made it back to the sound of the
underground aka The Syndicate mansion
I'm that's gone Messer the hot tub and
see if I can make it turn up in
temperature is it too loud doesn't sound
like it doesn't start be respectful
neighbours neighbours yeah it's not too
loud I'm gonna turn up the temperature
there's the hot tub ever attacks I know
like seriously glad you put some ice and
you just be sing and you smash glasses
like what's wrong with you why would you
you suppose fear what is it mine why was
it Rhino Thomas you're right now I know
why he's got beer I know like my mate
 sake rhinos no the day has arrived
the final day of Tom becomes rave not
Ravens Ravens Tom what happened to the
sunglasses out of me Betty's
can we share it to here every time he
comes to my house I pulled that
sunglasses in a basket and when he's
drunk as he puts them on and they
finally lost all some sunglasses album
yet
we everyone in the comments is rest in
peace
I'm McCollum shout out to a Sam
successive here at Toms tattoos we have
a young a bit of leg to work to some
would do bib are and I'll come back to
you guys man finish tree feel right what
we saying about let's do it on the work
and then wait what is this I kids
Wow
like how I had to read that out loud to
realize what this said I
apologize to anyone who's offend but I
give you a thousand quid a thousand Bob
Jones I get can we do a Kickstarter for
some to get this tattooed there you know
why this is your right arm out I'll go I
find I am gonna fired on my wife how
much how much how much would it cost you
to get that permanent tattoo you try to
grab the 20 grand we can kick-start
sound to get that permanently tattooed
on his life everyone screenshot it this
is happening leave a like rating if we
should raise twenty thousand pounds yeah
you're not you're now getting the money
though it's going to choice happening oh
you already say it's happening and this
is how the night ends up we have
Christopher wearing my oakley sunglasses
oh yes that's how you treat them beaut
Olaf yeah just whiz
just like that and otherwise a minute oh
well hey Steve Pete
Tom get me out but Steve be doing it in
Steve get behind it one Steve what are
you doing investigation so we're gonna
go and find him that's scare the living
Oh
yeah this is how I look after my
visitors you might be like wait why is
this place a mess because yeah it looks
like that but nonetheless Tom staying
over is a lot to drink you drink it what
is going on the windows alright so when
you wake up your mouth will taste like
ghandi's flipflop
it'll taste like ghandi's flipflop
but at least you'll have a nice drink of
water alright yeah this bump I'll do or
as asleep everybody's safe
I'm going to bed I have no idea what
time it is in the morning but I've gotta
turn off all the lights thank god I've
got the smart system a house where I get
my iPad and I just click literally light
off music often just cooks everything I
can just go to sleep without worrying
about it so nonetheless legend well
thank you very much for watching today's
vlog I hope you've enjoyed it if you
have make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe this is going to be a bitch to
edit tomorrow I'll see you guys tomorrow
the next day of Lord at 6 p.m. UK time
travel best to get these guys upon time
but you know what
 happens sometimes the light and
kind of just is what it is so until then
thanks watching and sorry else dude
