quiet for any lad what was that
disappointed 101 I didn't quite get to
use the InFocus free mobile telephone
but the hotel gives you but nonetheless
it would have been fun to play with but
it didn't have Pokemon go installed so
nope hotel room check it out now i
believe cuz i think and go back to
Manchester tonight but hotel room really
confuse help blackout curtains were
amazing I'm gonna stick with giving this
an overall a out of 10 this hotel so yes
whatever your hotels name is what is it
called are there any names anywhere K
West in London you did good this toast
machine is definitely better than
yesterday's toast machine oh my gosh
yeah this is so much better yes bread
goes in and hopefully soon eventually
I'm hoping wonderful I think we didn't
set it off right cuz it hostess Falls
golly I hate books starting the day
right with ham bread and Nutella vegan I
got nothin voice plane branch 57 book I
lost me strawberry soda like this ever
you changed Holly a exposed is going on
scarce skip in in recent news le a
doesn't like Nutella and it's get in the
room we let me whisper escape that make
it oh my god squad is here it was a man
you better be focused on me right now is
it even I mean the shop you're you in
the shower let me see does this turn
round it does me yo keys
oh my god I'm upside down you are hey go
oh my god magnificent oh snap we're
about to work exactly that's what I can
tell you what it is but there's your
judicata
we're not tell you what is you have to
find out legends get me luck no this is
not acceptable this is too cute look I
got it here I wha what the shares
happened this is what you get for
staying out all night playing ping pong
I went to bed at a reasonable hour true
yeah no wallet
you missed the mouse oh I'm glad I
didn't see the rat running around our
hotel I'll get it to one we're about
halfway through the day right now then
we're gonna get some not Nando's but
basically Nando's is the way that the
company pitched it to us so we'll give
that a try a good old fake cheeky
Nando's I'll be fine
and now we're filming again who with
this time with boys the boys get him in
I'm sneaking you know what's up dude
so what's up dude just got a mummy me
mom made man alright hey there you go
boys that was a wrap boo time we walk in
we walk out we do shit that's good nope
how do you squat energy I don't know
literally I have no idea I tell you it
might be because I just say an entire
bag of shuffle buddies like no joke it
was a little paying bones on the side
there's a full pack and I was like he's
gonna eat them and I every single one
every one every fucking one of them Ali
a like a Pokemon where's mine
gotta catch'em all the food has arrived
and how do we know it's mine this place
ropes Indic on it yes introducing fake
Nando's in three two one
what the hell it's not exactly an end
notes interesting Derrick I feel like
you're nailing this yes see you got it
you got it yeah
what am i watching dude you got this all
right now now come this way one Derrick
if you can go through three strides I'll
give you my kind of coke we taking bets
on this going on go on like we got this
well it's pretty awesome
Oh nearly a face bun good job you tried
you tried oh snap oh snap behind the
scenes I can't film in here cuz this is
the editing room boy I'm gonna go and
have a sneak peek and see what the fuck
is going on Oh squat squat squat squat
squat squat squat squat side kick you
ain't boys talking to the boss actually
so many people in the squad rolling I
have an addiction Isaac Alistair aching
you are the man I'm after get here you
shit all right
oh no no it's my boy it's come down let
me Oh Minnie I'll give you a quit if you
don't get it to me wait is that a yes ah
I just couldn't mess up the opportunity
we're sorry many legends of gaming even
more getting intense we can't tell you
what happened over then it's fucking
awesome
oh my day is Lizzie how close of a game
was that you can't say what happened did
you don't even know who played what I'm
gonna tell you all things you're not
gonna find out into the episode comes
out fine
you know you're on the opposite team
your check to me what is your real name
alistair a shortened throughout the a
alistair oh my god is that where my name
is actually Tom syndicate hahaha I got
the syndicate I actually did that for
such a long time I add it as Tom
syndicate on Twitter everyone's like is
that your real names like yeah this
Christopher's wise because I want to
keep that at the time YouTube was so new
I want to keep my last name private flat
family and stuff like can't give able
Facebook requests so
yeah I thought you're gonna say I
thought you're gonna say it's real name
and I was like don't they just
appreciate that no no they see nice that
eat your fucking heart we're gonna mold
the gorilla mount to Ally
it's heavy you've really hurt me right
we got map mold it to measure your
Batphone we're really uncomfortable
yeah well it's crazy right
yes yes Ally screw uglies oh let's go
I'm serious your visage juice could work
this is on bend it live on if you do
what are you tellin em right now
ah so good did you watch my eye caught
me this one stick it out ah ah there we
go
I'm not gonna sneeze and roll oh my god
yeah it seems kill you oh that's cool no
it's cure I like you did my job I can't
do any better Network damn we just did
the final game of day pretty fucking
intensely oh wait and see what happens
but nonetheless
Eggar games yogur game the games Ashley
good games a game have some a couple
light turns on good games
nailed it not gonna see you - I 58 are
you gonna go to it no way okay
what the fuck Allister no way I just
like fuck Alice for words even though he
wants my 58 no both savages that's why
you can tell you related my teammate it
was an awesome run this is the last day
and we can't tell you the results be fun
it's been great so it's a good time May
so much hang it out the problem is it's
gonna be a few weeks and I'm so used to
seeing you in LA but no no I don't you
feel like coming back to LA with you I'm
looking laughs you can come you could
have come back to my house apart in my
house for a few days but weekend a
couple can plans I'm trouble in the UK
you know what let's get something sort
of properties on it yes yes why are you
reading this I want to see funner of me
and mini robot mega robot this I want
fun fix and fun out of this
there you go let tumblr go wild
yo let's go mo give a favorite Pokemon
sir I am your Walker fucking Talia's
come but no I'm going on this road trip
I hope to bump into yeah you can join us
on part of the road trip at the same
time
get in the RA we've got a drive around
an hour long adventure or not you read
it you down for it
plus I'm gonna I'm gonna get higher
level than him when I go wrong okay
come back and then when they bring up
battling ow e mister syndicate that's me
thank you very much sir thank you know
the last day we're leaving and there's a
damn carnival outside where we're
filming oh I'd love to have one of
goldfish and took it home Liam can we
stay five minutes be quick oh my god
this place is oh I would like to get on
that train holy shit places busiest oh
I'm 99% sure that this kid here
recognized me somewhere he gave house I
pulled up for the guy was like looking
forward and I looked over everybody was
like right right he was like you think I
could see whisper it like me my mid Tim
he was like use indicators like yeah and
then decided it's over the vlog Hey
that's so funny like we just randomly
pulled up at the station and I was just
like daydream and listening to music
inspired him so whoever you are whatever
your name is
you're now in the vlog and we have made
it to Stockport successful journey
successful time now it's getting a taxi
and head home and go the fuck to sleep
fucking awesome just off the train just
bumped into like six people just I just
take some selfies with them honestly
absolutely pleasure to meet you guys
if you ever catch me mid-conversation
I'll always finish my conversation
before I stop and talk to adults cuz
it's just polite so honestly really nice
to meet you guys this is now the next
day but I couldn't need to remind you
guys that if you want to go and check
out all the videos that we've been doing
over at legends of gaming I'm going to
put the channel link down in the
description you can like search through
the channel like through all the
different seasons all the most recent
season and see like me putting its mini
loud ali-a and all those people so links
down there go check it out as well as
that on the 11th of September I'm gonna
be down at Alexandra Palace at legends
of gaming live where I'm gonna be able
to meet a bunch you guys if you want to
get a ticket again links down in
description I'll put the code down there
as well if you guys to be able to get
yourself 15% off the tickets so if you
want guys want to go there meet all the
rest of the legends and meet me get your
asses to that event we made it back to
the house boys I haven't eaten like a
full meal yet so I'm tempted to go get
food but the only food that I'm gonna
get this time of night is McDonald's I
really don't want to mess with ap6 I can
I had that yesterday so we might want a
night drive to McDonald's I don't want
to do anything I don't want to do it but
I think I'm gonna do it
I just realizes I'm about to get my car
my furniture has arrived
so tomorrow in the daylight I probably
don't check out when I get back upstairs
but in tomorrow you know
I'm gonna check that shit out just like
that McDonald's acquired and I am being
the Ultimate Fighter bum bum and I said
that in a long time I'm getting in bed
watching the final season of Pokemon
Paulo final season the final episode of
Pokemon season 1 and I am going to bed
so good night to your faces it wasn't
exactly a professional outro so thank
you very much for watching guys hope you
enjoyed the vlog if you have make sure
you leave a like or a subscribe because
I make every single video of my life of
my day public to you guys every day 6
p.m. UK time so if you want to keep
watching click the subscribe button
click that like button if we can hit 12
like right in this video I might do
something special so till tomorrow
that's watching and saw Dios dude
