and The Syndicate original choice of
today is not an origins desire I'm
rocking the Royal design in white black
and gray actually don't know what call
this fully describes us but royal design
by the way these are they were going
down to London I think I'm gonna be
meeting it with a bunch of youtubers
like people like Minnie lad and stuff
like that so that should be pretty damn
cool I think ali-a might be there as
well but I've got I've got to like 6
o'clock entirely to get on the train to
go down there so I'm good yesterday's
vlog now get my breakfast start the day
and maybe go barbecue shopping with my
dad because it's kind of not summer
anymore in England and I won't be able
to throw a barbecue when there's one day
of just sunlight so progress my boys
progress managed to get Daisy installed
it works fine and everything we're gonna
see if I can try and record a bit of
that later on maybe before I go to
London and I almost almost also might
get brought over installed on this
plantation as well so thank goodness
when I'm back from London I can
definitely record some content whilst I
was in LA
apparently I received this big-ass
package from Jim Shack now I'm not
sponsored by Jim Shack or anything but
I've known the guys who've worked there
for long last time so there's something
about his work
okay okay let's see what he sent me oh
my god oh my gosh that is a lot of Jim
shark swag so I've got a bunch of the
hunts that's pretty cool some jackets
it's also pretty cool not too sure what
these acts are can't see through them
I'm going to shoot maybe hoodies and
more jogging bottoms and pants
Jim sure thank you very much guys much
as I said I just want to make some
gaming content I really do just want to
be outdoors and going doing cool stuff
today like if there's something off the
top of my head I could go and do right
now it would be rock climbing actually
plays like 15 minutes away where I could
go rock climbing but I've gotta go and
do the barbecue and my dad whilst I've
got him here I think he wants to take me
for a drive in his car and then I've got
a pack on my bags for London to head
down there in like four hours so come on
Ken too busy on his phone eating it Oh G
mmm cosy also out to optic gaming tour
wax that's the only reason I know of
them guys because what and my dad still
locked me in the car
what
Oh uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh roof comes off in
20 seconds yo you happy with it - he has
been that it's been that then that I
like cruising we can and attunes nothing
all you bear I'm gonna find him I'm
gonna find him excuse it market sir um
there is oh look at him I found him it
took the whole 12 seconds to find him
they made a whole two hour movie about
my dad found him instead that's how you
know we're related because I went
finding Nemo and then he went Finding
Nemo without knowing that's what I was
doing
we're going boy I'm going one exploring
the garden center nothing of interest at
the first destination on to the second
age distaste destination and then
hopefully dinner have you eaten oh you
have a boy Jamboree you even give me on
my father this place used to be heaven
for me as a kid my dad had come here to
get stuff for his work because he's a
builder and I mean my sister would just
run around causing riots with trolleys
with everything and anything and just
play around my favorite aisle was the
lighting aisle cuz there was just like
them gems hanging from all the lights
and I was just laughs it's heaven
damn I just had a ride of old Nessie I'm
insured on it don't worry and yeah
drives pretty nice it's like coca well
it's an adult version of a go-kart
oh my god what is it why is it attacking
me
why is it not like me I know you're
right yeah oh my gosh oh I want one I
want one I want one hello they're so
cute right cool story an image injure
cousin he's gonna give me his hand my
gosh look please girls
wait focus focus focus man they look
sharp is anything fun story
I was drunk as hell and my cousin was
like hey can stroke if you want so I
went to stroke it and I got bit by one
so not got a good relationship with
chameleons but nonetheless as well
nicely he got some snakes big big snakes
little little small snakes little baby
snakes this one was like fucking I'm
going in my food park kind of snake oh
my
gosh now that is a bad boy but oh my get
it oh look at all the food around there
okay this one's not gonna hopefully
attack me as well say although I don't
look at it
that's so majestically chilling so cute
piece that thing is massive
that is so damn swole wasn't it
don't see anything concealed bugging
that I would assume you would see some
Enya but can't see anything
hmm maybe not anything here oh just hit
face of it smart man
and then eighth notes crazy oh I
desert iguana I'm a distracted by these
like well lizards are they Cuban Knight
anole just chillin upside down and I was
like why's that
look at the size of it okay I'm gonna
hold one what's up Johnny doesn't gonna
say everything just I just hold it oh
look at each part claws good as use Wow
my god what a channel heck thank John
that's ridiculous
look at it hold of it look at that
knocks you off your old that's not soon
enough years old oh this is so damn cool
I can put one here there you go oh okay
good it's just so majestic oh my god
this is incredible
gosh this place is awesome yes to get
original in there whoa she's chilling
he's been electing massive when he walks
that's really cool let me feel it
oh it's just bit don't mind me just
going back they go oh my gosh that is a
proper dragon in it yeah oh one buy it
won't do that well with a spawn well
what's this one old green tree python
German name no not really it's just a
cross it's just that what breed is wow
that is beautiful
no biting please no biting please
why so feels so weird
so strange looking in their eyes are
like this what I call devil like that
this is loosing jewel is a season
alright this is straight from hell this
thing your jungle hell whoop
yeah the mate Hollis's yeah is gonna say
you know it's check - oh my gosh yeah
she's longing wow how long it is
I never want to thought if I kinda
figure that really size of it how long
have you guys been here for really I
didn't know other place until my
daughter well I mean yeah
yeah
yeah this is a beauty not giving it like
a nickname
no no because it see we haven't fixed
different names I have these oh but I
have treat three moles was it doing just
looking for someone to go see snake
challenge if you guys are ever in
duckenfield and you want to go to like a
reptile shop go to swell okay
amazing place swell what was it rep
small reptiles well well let's all
superstore go like there it is there's
details go check it out really recommend
it guys there was super super cool and
we walked in one of the guys was
actually funny works him at the
warehouse side of things that place is
awesome you like let me handle all the
pets everything like that so uh I really
appreciate you guys thank you very much
whoop-whoop it's the Sun on a palace
roof poop we're below in their ass it's
kind of weird
I'm used to the police following me in
my car rather than us following them
Justin for a drag race now go go bye go
by the side of them I'll put down the
window whole lot of them and we're on
protip don't do that kids not exactly
good at its about its turbine we have
arrived at the Hare and Hounds where
we're going to get dinner wendy has
balls right now
come on Ken what do you get mushroom
soup okay oopsie and I got mushrooms
ogre battle look things very nice
presumably person it is room or mine
looks interesting but I'm just not sure
how it's meant to taste but as they say
never judge a book by it's cover so I'm
gonna go into the book eat the book and
then make my decision it's mushroom
Stilton cheese and bread now a proper
good British food Eve got some scampi
and if I hide my boob of eggs I've got a
gallon stay for no reason so get up pop
come on you know over the egg dip some
chips in it there is nothing more
satisfying and putting gum in egg oh no
what's column L bollocks England does
not disappoint me more fucking rain DLC
is downloaded I've got all my capture
devices open now this is the complicated
way of making each abuse watch this is
basically our to set everything up I
have to click record on the FaceCam
record on a game play and record on the
voice that way I've got three different
tracks of things which basically it
takes my video rendering from being like
an hour to render a video to like four
hours render video so this all this
going on and that's what's necessary to
record a gameplay video edit in the
video all of a sudden a guest has
arrived hello you're on the guest chair
sure yeah you take a seat a table will
be with you momentarily he's just
editing a gaming video which he never
usually does so that's great ah this is
a 20 minute video that I've made and
it's gonna take an hour and 34 minutes
to render out and it's already been
going for 10 minutes mum this is just
nice are you doing just think I was
gonna say why you wrote down hmm
info processes she is I found something
I charge oh boy look at this for
planning the journey with raisins
syndicate original to trouble all around
the UK and Ireland and Scotland for
those who hate me saying that but we're
travelling around it to try meet as many
you guys as possible and played Pokemon
go and Wales
yeah well everyone forgets about whales
come on let's be honest this is that
plot of action right Nick this is
exactly how I imagined it start in
Manchester head over to like York up to
Newcastle Edinburgh all that hit all
this on the way John O'Groats down like
you know try and catch the Loch Ness
monster in Pokemon down through Scotland
jump over to Ireland Giant's Causeway
down to Dublin hop over all the way down
ones end all the way back up maybe like
through London
oops Cambridge like not what Norfolk
Broads what is that sick and go from
there and then probably end up like like
Manchester area again I smile Oh chef
Sheffield area and go through now I'm
gonna shoot bowls and hours and shit
dude
this is a fucking plan like this it this
is great no like this is exactly what I
was going to do on my own so it makes so
much sense to be able to do with you if
you guys are excited for us to travel
this and you want us to come to your
area comment down below where you want
to go and make sure you leave a like
great another day another vlog another
issue I don't worry my vlog today and I
had to reload it basically and in the
drama of reloading it I'm now about to
miss my train down to London fuck
Thank You mr. taxi man okay so this is
where I need to go but the taxi couldn't
get me there because it's all closed off
so I'm hoping that this pathway is
actually open to get me to the train
station and get me there in time because
right now I've got ten minutes to get on
the train as always I'm leaving things
to last-minute like a professional thank
goodness I managed to get it sorted
wait what okay by some miraculous way I
managed to make it to the train station
on time I managed to actually reload the
vlog and take care of that and bump into
some viewers along the way and take
photos with them there was another issue
which you guys didn't see but I couldn't
get access to my emails to get the
confirmation code and I was like can't
you show you my idea they were like nope
doesn't work and then when I finally got
the confirmation code they were like who
booked you take it as that I'll freaking
know and like yeah without knowing that
information we can't give you the ticket
so I was like bollocks
managed to work way around it and so
all out so I'm at the train station wait
I'm 20 minutes early as well nah it's
like the most depressing thing ever oh
wait what oh the only okay I take it all
back
they just redesigned it I thought they'd
stop making orange holy shit
okay look you say I take it back but
zero-calorie does that mean it's gonna
taste like potatoes SIV shoutout to the
guy who sat on that train like I was
sayin swim was like yo Cindy Kay I was
like yes hello and then it turns out
there's someone on that train you shout
at me so I just walked over took a
selfie with him because he couldn't get
off the train and yeah there you go
that's fuckin awesome actually I have to
drink it a bit more of it it doesn't
actually taste that good
it's difficult to review except first
it's like oh that's nice but then they
leave like a weird aftertaste in your
mouth yeah yeah when there is amazing
it's like a crack the ground is one book
Melbourne it is beautiful but not as
beautiful as all of lucozade that
disappointed me and we've made it to
London Houston the place where rats are
everywhere and it smells like pee okay
so I made it to my hotel um I've never
stayed here before every time I wear
legends game I always stay in the same
hotel but this time transferred a
different time for the long corridor of
doom to try and find out where I am
woman at the front desk was like oh you
only had a single room but I've upgraded
you to an executive double suite so
we'll sit moment of truth oh yeah I get
a nice big desk
I got a sofa holy shit that's a big bed
for DL she wasn't lying
oh my but this oh oh oh it's really
comfy as well damn she was not lying
when she said she upgraded me oh my gosh
big-ass bed let's go check out the
bathroom
everything seems modernist fuck Oh James
well we haven't actually troubled like
crazy much I've been stayed in a B&B so
I've not really been reviewing them
sailing review hotels and stuff but damn
Daniel I've not said that in a long time
this is really nice you know it's a
fancy hotel when you get your own custom
iPad just saying just saying right there
close to get in here I know I important
stuff ah Joe up from looks and
appearances I would give this just off
looks because I really like the visual
I'd give it an 8 but we're gonna see
about comfort and I've decided that
we're gonna give like that's my initial
review going into it and I'll review it
when I leave tomorrow the day after so
then it can be like a I've tried it out
of experienced it and then we'll know
maybe it's a 7.9 because that isn't
straight
I'm joking the OCD oh my goodness this
is insane there's a little phone by the
side of the bed I was like what the hell
is that thought it was mine I was like
mine's over there thought some left
but no apparently this is a little thing
called handy please edit your checkout
day wasn't fucking no let's try that
just in case
alright wait guys skip this skip what is
this gonna be ooh one sec let me set it
up ah what the hell
it says I can take it with me out the
hotel I get free calls and internet what
do they basically give you a free life
what is it a free Samsung no is it I
don't know wait in focus never heard of
that oh my gosh that is amazing you what
you can even call the hotel from
wherever you are that is fucking amazing
don't exactly know what I'm doing with
it just yet but I might borrow this
tomorrow and like go around and try out
and see what it's like so because it's
late as balls is still 11 o'clock I'm
gonna put this down and play with it in
the morning and I'm not though guys I'm
gonna bet cuz I'm absolutely exhausted
but oh my gosh they give you a phone to
take with you those fucking a piece in
like that is really really cool so I
can't wait to try it out even though
it's just like having a phone anyway but
I wonder if I could survive there's a
camera what if I could vlog with it no
we're not gonna do that
iPhone for the wind we're going to stick
with the iPhone but nonetheless guys I
don't go to bed now so thank you very
much watching today's vlog if you did
enjoy it make sure the light-green
subscribe and if you want to share the
videos with your friends and tell people
that I do daily vlogging and invite them
on the adventure that we're on then oh
by all means go ahead and do so so until
tomorrow at 6 p.m.
I'll see you guys next time again sorry
for yesterday shenanigans have delays
but there was just nothing I can do
YouTube being a potato and when YouTube
want to be a potato
it will protect
