well that's just a rude awakening
basically when there's a fire alarm all
the elevators get coughed so you have to
take the emergency staircase so that's
what I'm doing and this is like alarms
of gums before like this in the
apartment like it was an accident or
whatever but this one's been going on
probably the longest ever so I hope it's
okay I can smell incense like like the
meditating incense stuff so that
probably has triggered it in sorte
apartment got to admit that's a pretty
fast response these guys got here within
I don't know like 5-10 minutes pretty
good I guarantee anti-v nothing that's
taken care of
I can now relax and get on with the rest
of my day was gonna go back to bed but
then I realized I was getting up at 10
a.m. anyway so that's successful met a
lot of people downstairs who were
actually I was gonna say Pokemon
trainers nope that's not what I was
gonna say that's had bumped into a
little people downstairs in the
apartment who I've never seen before so
those really nice to meet them so I'm
your lay in bed check out the comments
on today's vlog and then probably a play
pokemon girl oh boy the DLC is out
here's my first gameplay video that I'm
doing it's currently like a 55 minute
long video it's taking an hour so far to
render and it's got another hour to go
the DLC came out like like really really
early in the morning sort of thing so
like day two of this silver being here
nobody has claimed it well I thought the
DLC was coming out tomorrow that's why I
was like went out last night went out
drinking all that sort of stuff so I
woke up like really late the vlog was
two hours late and now the gaming videos
for the main channel are gonna be late
as well so I'm sorry it was just too
close to fuck of chaos it this morning
so it is what it is I'm gonna go out get
some food catch some Pokemon that's the
reason why I'm going out and get all my
dick I have walked past this place so
many times I'm finally going in here
oh my gosh this looks absolutely amazing
oh my god this is amazing right this
place it's so good well that place was
awesome I give it a 9 out of 10 I'm way
too full right now I don't even know how
I'm gonna exist but nonetheless I'm on
my way now to because my phone is now
working and Pokemon goes working I'm on
my way to a little module down the
street so wish me luck
they literally only just tarmac this
road yesterday so it'd be nice and light
it was brand brand-new but fucking
idiots avoiding all the cones and shit
decided to drive over it and look at
what a mess is like it's all over the
football the mines it's everywhere it's
so stupid but from food and I have got
12 minutes to go until my video is live
if you guys are watching this vlog and
haven't got to check this out on the
main channel go check out obviously
loads of negativity in the comments and
stuff ah but if you guys can help me out
by like just flagging down any spam
comments or any of that bullshit I
really appreciate you guys yeah just got
myself a perk coholic
I'm about to do my next ruin on the new
map gonna try and get some guns pack a
punch
find some new cool shit can we get
another Oh a double reward oh okay a
double unquenchable I like it I like it
Oh ladies and gentlemen look how close
this game was I need to get from there
to there I managed to kill all these
three guys escort it and got the round
win oh oh yay so I recorded be playing
zombies today like 12 sort of thing it's
now 625 and the video still is it I'm
waiting for it to process and it just
isn't doing so until it happens no
gaming video well not if I've been
feeling hungover all day we had so much
different alcohol yesterday we started
off the night with whiskey Jameson then
we did a shot of patron
then we drunk red wine the entire meal
then I drank Jameson and code and then I
kept drinking James don't go for us
tonight 7:00 p.m.
finally got the gaming video up he took
so it's taken pretty much like seven
hours to get this video played which was
an hour long two hours surrender two
hours to upload and process and now it's
on YouTube and it's still not even
finished yet because it's still in only
360p or whatever so it's still not in HD
so stressing that that's not being
quicker but I'm now going joining up
with Luke
Hank gone getting some food and some
drinks and we're going meeting with a
director who works in the film so should
be cool oh my gosh I just pulled this my
pocket and Hank when what what do you
say this one of the fuck is this big
it's like a fucking moon I mean this is
like stop a fucking bullet it's a bunch
of dudes you should care that around you
ever get fucking shot you'll stop a
fucking hallway 10 seconds much victory
okay
yes sir literally fucking
mr. Fossum 17
dodge Lu there she goes your brother is
going up to strangers talking to about
pok√©mon at Luke little just walks out
the bar
and just went over here to talk to some
random dude because he thought you think
oh come on girl
cuz it's like a gym in the area and Luke
took it over but we think this guy keeps
taking it back from Luke so Luke's
either going over there to kick it kick
the shit up look at him
fucking nerds in the wild it's hands
down the nerdiest Pokemon golf player
I've ever met and I'm loving for it even
more so than ali-a oh yeah you've got
your workout you got a 1 B 1 move but as
possible so I jumped out there beat his
and then the yellow over here another
dope type every deal and the red over
here jumps in
in school my power but only put it not
get 300 yes I destroyed his 300 and put
in a 1100 and they're both like well
yeah okay we're gonna mess it up and
meanwhile hikes like I have no idea
fucking speaking Russian but these guys
are brothers I'll give it I'll give you
a week before you're playing it
I'll give you a fucking way this
restaurant we went to is so fancy
well these are for peace mustache as
well one two three four
quick question we did you did you own
the gym here that no I did not I didn't
so he just took it did you just try to
attack it back from him about 200 are
you about to beat him Oh what level are
you 12 years old 12 oh I think he's
gonna kick your ass oh please blow 12
oh I'm sorry he's about to take it off
you though I'm levels together you left
like a 300 Pokemon what's your highest
rated oh oh I don't think you're gonna
take it I love it I wish I could join in
but my fucking phone isn't working so
far Oh your Pokemon is wrecking him yeah
he's totally not gonna take this Wow
three your your Pokemon killed three of
his I'm salon slut you should yeah yeah
you should just run actually it could
use all the Pokemon he's got to try it's
gonna be close how many Pokemon can you
use absolutely destroy yeah and those
like lower levels every time that joins
Oh actually you know what I got you
actually might take this one Luke Luke
Luke I think you're about to lose oh
come on I think you've lost
he used six pokemons take down your
number one he used all of these pokemons
to take you down so do you own the gym
now oopsie wait so that should change
just kick your ass Oh Luke so you should
cry Luke you're an absolute legend and
you're my number one Pokemon nerd friend
in America alright I'm gonna miss you a
little back to the UK but it's not gonna
be for long
I will be back I wanna go back to the UK
I may replace you with ali-a so it's
pretty serious much love these are some
good jams and we go to bed and hopefully
catch that
oh you got me again told you dude you
should put something higher from that
but I'm going back to the apartment my
game video finally went live on YouTube
like nine hours later so if you want to
go and see my first ever run on the DLC
map go and check it out the link will be
down in the description for you guys to
go and enjoy it but yeah it's now 9:00
a.m. my sleep schedule is actually
working right now I'm gonna go back to
sleep maybe for like 5 hours and then
hopefully somehow go and play pokemon if
my app decides to work sucks cuz when
I'm in like a non busy area it'll go
ahead and work but there's no Pokemon
because it's a non busy era there's no
stops
there's no gyms there's no like anything
in a while to catch it I don't have any
lures and then when I go to somewhere
busy it just breaks anyway so it's like
what the fuck
sidenote real quick i just woke up to
found out the uk's got a new prime
minister Theresa May after ISA mayor
whatever has just become the new prime
minister that's super cool another woman
Prime Minister yeah so what that means
to me I really don't know and really
don't care I know it sounds so stupid to
not be involved or care about it because
I couldn't read just does whatever the
fuck it ones and it just fucks
everything up along the way so I just
let it do its thing the whole leaving
you you think I didn't get involved with
that just because the country and all
people just control whatever they want
to control so I just leave them to it so
I'm just gonna go back to the UK exist
as if it's just me and no other Prime
Minister's there and that's life so
thank you very much watching today's
vlog guys make sure you leave a like
query and subscribe and I'll see you
guys at 6 p.m. every single day for a
new vlog so until then and watch it and
adios
