it is a beautiful day in England I say
beautiful it's cloudy as hell
it's cold as hell but you know what it's
nice and fresh up start this day kick
some ass I said kick some ass I want to
know
kick some glass because I just wanted to
break this god dang it we forgot again
an idiot collection is growing ladies
and gentlemen my pop figures are looking
mighty fine latest addition I think was
the old man and the ladies guy we've got
to add to it is Reaper so the collection
grows and grows I'm not too sure they
gave me Tinker Bell again I think
someone sent in but the collection grows
and grows and grows
it is only 1042 in the morning I'm stuck
in traffic on the motorway in England
but it what is this shenanigans vans
like right at my house so waiting for
this so I actually have no plan of
action today I was just gonna go there
look at this like floating desk that you
can get and see if I like it it's
something I actually want to use and if
I like like how it works I've seen it in
videos I'm like it's pretty cool so I'm
going to drive Cheadle now go to John
Lewis check it out that's mama where
there I just got a phone call of I need
the ginger cousin of mine that if I want
to go to chill factor that near the
Trafford Centre and go snowboarding
today so I'm like fuck yes so I'm gonna
go check out this desk and then go
snowboarding I didn't even know it I was
like oh you know the red lines just mean
whatever then I realized oh yeah that
means traffic so that all zoom out and
see how about the traffic is oh my days
to get to the entire destination why is
everything red the fuck is going on
today here on the ward we see a busy
carpark but all that what is this a wild
tea tea hidden in the corner everyone's
avoiding exits in the car I was like
fuck that Mike McCalla I can hide it in
now which department am I going to find
desks in
say something this is pretty cool what
the hell is this
slightly a Hubble bubble oh that's
fucking dope all night my god but for
nine fucking ground you can go fuck
himself
Gordon I just like literally walked
around that wall my regular thanks for
me plus a good job your ear you can only
pick a new desk at ya unfortunately I
don't think they have the one that I'm
looking for but I'm gonna ask remember
stuff looks good God the office you have
a gaming office so I can just you scroll
like that and it just lifts up it's
really really cool so this is really
nice but just know what I need this is
the desk a1 it's insanely crisi 1304
desk but that's like the hydraulic one I
actually here at PewDiePie was like what
desk in it and they told me this one so
the guys trying to find out if they've
got it anywhere in the building because
like the rearrange and everything to be
just to try out so well soon I'm not
holding my breath too long because I got
this geezer if you had your breakfast
yet
Oh smart man I saw that too a coffee
yeah
I'll drink up about a coffee with all
that guy behind the counter was my
friend in you like I hear him yeah the
guy working behind the counter there he
recognized me from a video Southwest
bulletin McKenna was like do you know
ever something does like no I just guess
he watches YouTube videos and it turns
out he does Brendan high-five
Oh shake the hand had a nice hot
chocolate and a latte enjoy a drink yeah
in your cake yeah I treat him good
and now and now I'm going to go with
snowboarding I think I can you can you
pose like this can you do this reach for
the sky look at this salt and pepper
shotgun shells or whatever it says
cartridge shells and then this a bullet
stop that's awesome drive safe mate look
after yourself hopefully you'll see me
tomorrow in one piece after snowboarded
cell this goes parking a quiet time to
go inside and go snowboarding in shorts
hmm not sure how I feel about this one
I'm not gonna lie didn't do it whilst I
was in California didn't do it whilst I
was in Utah so I don't think I should do
it now oh my goodness look who it is
I don't know this is sick yes I haven't
been snowboarding in so long I'm gonna
crash and burn and fail but hopefully
doesn't take too long to get back on the
horse and then you me and they can come
here all the time yeah we could shred
doctor no no no it's no big time
yeah yeah well there won't be all the
stuff so I'm feeling pretty confident
now but yeah man I haven't been in
months but I've been here in years and
snowboarding months so wish me luck
so did I fall or without even going down
already or not oh yeah we went to get on
these things I didn't remember how they
work so I like was like yeah I'll sit
down it was like don't sit down and I
was like I'm sure I've got enough power
in my legs and then sat down on it just
went boom when I hit the deck so I
already fell great success but I'm not
gonna fill my first run down I like
maybe my second or third I was gonna get
used to it and then once I'm not falling
million to
then I'll start vlogging you ready to
watch me fall oh yeah yeah all right so
first rundown super smooth super slow
super easy just getting used to all
second one down probably the same but
then we'll pick up a speedball
to be honest this thing is that small
that you really don't get much of a an
experience bus but it's all like you
think it's more padded down the snow but
it's also so thick especially at the top
so you stuck to this certain path and
route and can take which kind of ruins
the write down at the top of the
mountain shredding the gnar bump into
Ethan Joe say hello this guy you watch
the vlogs and stuff right okay happy
birthday to your friend
happy birthday James have a good one
there you go if your birthday James just
shaving my hair shredding our skirt
douche search there you go right I'm
gonna go down and wait you just need a
jump
alright go do some sick stick no no this
I'm totally gonna fall now and got my
phone
go on SEC is that there's a poll wanker
my way
I knew it the moment I insulted someone
look let's go
where is it he's on his way
yeah ginger cumin ginger on Imagine well
Shrek's ignored otra nota get it nice
for you
yes that's the one in German I challenge
you to no hands no hands you tie away
first man to fall must drink the other
man's snow cone yes you heard I thought
you loved yellow snow no that's just a
misleading title and wait underneath I'm
gonna get off I'm gonna get out I'm
gonna do it oh so how's a overly
aggressive explosion that happens all
the time
it's work as well I'm all fogged up what
was a fun little adventure what what
what why I look like a pineapple but it
what is this shit we look like I'm
findable really I'm a pineapple in your
character so yeah the perfect team good
controller Bush you got good Tim I like
that your mustache looks incredible
comeback in so how have you been growing
this boy yeah what do you cook what do
you name it with what this is it should
be called Geoffrey I'm gonna take the
lens cap off so we can get extra zoom in
on it Oh Geoffrey Geoffrey what are you
getting I feel I feel like I want some
different than chicken
try chicken tikka yeah probably
it's my third Nando's this week
underneath this is not negotiable it's
not my fault this duck not your fuckin
niggas but it's not fucking fuck you
underneath the all suspensive Q Nando's
and it was caught Alex
yes caught Alex Alex behind the counter
you're there
hello to your face you recognize me from
the video so hello smile be happy I
finished mine already
no Emily what are you doing I ran I
don't maybe we can give it hare know
what not hair it's some base what you
got a face now oh it's a happy little
girl but Christmas I found you your
perfect present it's called the shitter
I like it it's beautiful beautiful oh my
God look at those boots yeah yeah the
bindings I go with it as well it's a
nice bright as hell yeah right stuff
pain upset if I picked anything out of
this board I think I picked that board
just because it just looks interesting
oh my gosh I need to buy this one even
if it's not even my size it's almost
like an Illuminati lion I don't know
subvert never heard of Oh Solomon yes
nice that's so pretty
see now this one's nice and cool and
look available for my cat likes pizza
however I want this board for no
particular reason of event I like the
bird in my man 5 it a great day right oh
don't run them get together wit we've
agreed we're gonna do this more often
yeah God so you live by the rule or dad
by the rule God let me in front of ya
Allan it I'll crash my car into yours
Le'Veon frog think I've done the
smartest thing I could ever do today
I've edited the vlog up until the start
of this morning to this point right now
because I'm going out with the boys I
don't know if we're gonna go down to
Manchester like out to the town drinking
or anything Rob I haven't seen them for
four months and I've been drinking with
them like gay like a proper lads get if
you you know I like a proper lads get
together basically you're insult each
other every moment from the moment you
lay eyes
each other and you just drink and have a
good time so that's what I'm gonna go do
now catch up with them but at the same
time I'm just started like going through
the comments and all the positive
feedback from yesterday's video because
you know it was the video where I talked
about Alex and in passing away and
everything it's just such a shitty
subject and putting that video out and
posting the video and everything was
just so fucking a little isn't is every
time I was playing back the video to
make sure the Edit was right and
everything was like working and shit so
to everyone who showed love and support
and everything to like his family and
everything thank you so much for being
there for them and honestly you're all
legends make this day up for me right
now I bump into my granddad then I meet
my cousin and they're walking along to
the meal that was supposed to be at 8
o'clock so I was going to be bang on
time I bump into my old school friends
and then I gonna have a quick beer with
them and then like right okay get a
carry on going where I'm going and then
get a phone call I'm a fucking brother
saying is at the pub around there and it
wants to be up and say hi and everything
and I'm 3040 minutes late to get to the
meal everyone's already got the food and
I'm fucked this is right now you're
going is like I'm throwing you in Rhino
is a fucking legend because he's
grinding the shit out of Pokemon
probably better than ali-a just gonna
say that right now you don't count
because you're hacking it exposed
this is rhinos all right we called sir
Rhino was the name choice about sir
right now okay okay oh my god are your
sizes thank you Mark
dude so jealous you've got so many 1000s
that's ridiculous
how many eggs yeah do you put this thing
in thank you video - good
there you go thank you a pro damn that
is a pretty goddamn good squat
oh my god oh my god
all right so I'm feeling for the baby
kicking we got this it just did it and
it was help well weird so I was layin
inside trying to escape
it's like alien like oh my god
well I'll be honest because he's
finished his dinner he's doing yes yes
she has she has PS I'm left lying
because I really really really really
did not like that oh you okay being on
vlog you don't mind do you mind do you
mind being on vlog it makes me famous
oh here's guys nothing all they're gonna
do right now how does it make you feel
you find like you because it's just
fucking naturalist bug but is this guys
like don't fucking do it this is that
this is the kind of guy who's got a
facebook facebook profile picture that's
still the default Amy oh yeah
yeah that's going on YouTube Tom yeah
that's going in staying in the video
alright my brother's there wait wait my
brother is there
you got Lada Casilla you like beautiful
cooed ahead by enjoying a drink
and the crazy thing is like my best
friend is sat across from man like
holding on to his girlfriend he's
fucking pregnant and about to a Katie
likes it sweet is blowing my mind this
amazing name I've seen a long time Jess
I'm sorry I'm filming YouTube this is
adorable this is like the cutest thing
ever but my life consists of one set of
punts ridiculously reptile fast two sets
of puns ripped off ridiculously fast and
three sets of puns ripped off
ridiculously fast
where's four sets of pubs ripped off
ridiculously fast because everyone is a
sorry Steve that it is what it is
everyone's outside in the hot tub but
there's no music on so we're just gonna
close this door now it's called as fuck
you're gonna get it yeah four people
gonna get in the hot tub I'm gone come
on you played yourself
wait wait wait give you this I boots -
yeah we ended up getting in the hot tub
chilly no it wasn't
about six hours so I completely forgot
to film and this vlog and everything so
I'm doing that right now and tomorrow's
vlog but our adventure we regret that
our omelettes also you guys tomorrow for
the adventure until next time thank you
very much for watching you guys enjoyed
the walk if you did leave the light gray
I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. you
cater yes
