the benefits of being back in England
English cereal we chose for the win good
morning ladies and gentlemen or should I
say good afternoon sin as though this is
a daily vlog at 6 p.m. what do you know
about keeping that daily vlog scheduled
on point I'm going to try and see if I
can get it going for an entire week of
daily video vlogs on time because I made
that promise and I failed it like 12
times already so her yesterday's vlog is
edited or uploaded and ready to rock and
roll and listening out to some music
from us so if you guys have never heard
of this guy ASO amazing do just search
for him
oh that's natural SoundCloud up there I
search free we've got some amazing beats
I'm just gonna go and get my car now jam
out to his music and go and get myself a
new wallet syndicate original origins
designing it today and we're gonna go to
the traffic Center every time I go there
and blog everyone the next day tweets
been like I was just fucking there and I
missed you so
oh well bummed some people today at chop
said that should be pretty cool and I
got somewhat really a shitty I got to
talk to you guys about today so hmm out
of all these car parking spaces I took
this one look how close ties to my
senses actually didn't scratch at all
but look I chose to park next to someone
else's cabins all these spaces I'm at it
I used to use this stuff but then I
realized that this bad boy is the best
hair gel and man all morning combined
next stop Burton just there in a game
store and I look up above me and there's
my face oh my gosh and I guess you
recognize me for the videos you go there
you go that is absolutely clearly that
my face was all over the game store and
I parent like people are tweeting me a
few other stores that had seen in I
never seen it for myself the trailer I
was watching in the store like I appear
in it like 6 times or something and like
I'm on stage I'm in front of meeting you
guys and then I'm at the pop quiz light
rage in my face I've danced it like that
was so weird experience to see my face
on a storefront
I'm like kind of kind of overwhelmed
right now to be honest don't know why
but I'm like mad craving a doughnut so
if you're from England there is Krispy
Kreme well like the only Krispy Kreme I
always like a mile
not like a mile I mean like 1250 20
miles away so the only other place I
know after that is gonna be Greg's I
think Greg's dunno
no Doubt's no no juts sounds like a
Pokemon I think they do doughnuts so I'm
gonna pull in here and go into hide
market place and go and get myself a
Greg's doughnut just the weather
miraculously seems to have improved a
little bit to the park around it
absolutely suck so I going to KFC buy a
popcorn chicken for white night and I
appear which is cheaper than a parking
ticket and you get to stay in the car
park for an hour as long as you bought
something from KFC so smart hide market
place the home of dead dreams this is
where your business goes to die Oh
heaven this is exactly what come for at
least this place has attraction rides
holy shit nightmare fuel right there but
nonetheless let's see if the 1-pound
chicken popcorn was worth the 60 pence
don't
yep suspicious tom is suspicious because
it smells like a burning fire right
about now the sky is really dark I'm
assuming that's rain coming in I'm not
too sure where the burning smell is
coming from
how are you okay I just hit up my boy
Evan a card and was like yo this this
background for this huge-ass wallpaper
looks like potato hooking something up
so he did boom it doesn't have to take
up the entire space but look how sleek
and clean that looks if I can get rid of
all the icons and just put them all
along this instead put my shot cuz look
look I'm gonna shortcut one set usually
if your screens like this be like to the
left you only get that many shortcuts on
here but now look up this show cause I
could fit on this to the point when I
don't need any on it
I just put my there I like I have a
clean sleek background just look at it
finding bodies going on with this
weather now it's beautiful gives me the
perfect opportunity to go and see the
main man and instead of the car I'm
hopefully taking the battle bike up to
the pub and I saw a bike outside so I
figured my dad was here turns out
obviously it's not his buy but I thought
it might stored it somewhere else not
fucking here
I missed him good time to change the
cell what I'm thinking is I was gonna
put this desk against this wall but I
hate having to set up where the entrance
to the room I can't seek so I people to
walk it I can I look at them that sort
of thing so no one can fuck around me
the past like how my dad used to do so
I'm going to do is I think I'm going to
set it off coming of this wall facing
this way
unfortunately all my internet cables
going to come from that wall along the
sides so we have to mess about with that
but I'm thinking the desk to desk is
gonna come from this wall outwards so
let's give it a go ah
sunset is beautiful absolutely walking
into this kitchen
nonetheless we need to get our hands on
some out look at engine stinks we need
to get our hands on some allen keys so
let's hold I've got some around
some do I could rely on my dad found
Seven Keys
Thank You father for leaving your tools
everywhere big just look at it it's
blinding
oh it's loosened perfect obviously a
screwdriver so I should have one of
these in okay I definitely didn't do
this the most efficient way possible
book I managed to get it to a stage
where I move the desk and you really
don't understand how big and
ridiculously stupid this desk is until
you look at it like this like look at it
look at this
I really just throw it away and go buy a
new desk well I'm gonna get the new stat
like the moving desk and then it'll
literally just go from there to there
and then that's all I need and I can
just walk around the desk and exit but
for now this is what I'm messing with
I'm gonna try and push this up against
the wall but I can't because there's a
foot sticking out on that back leg so
gonna try and invert it and move it but
as soon as I've done that I should be
set and there's the other half of the
desk that is currently lopsided because
I didn't dismantle it properly no I'm a
professional now I need to put the sides
on my PC back on move all the wires
reblog everything back in and the thing
is that I'm worried about is it's not
too bad actually I can put all the wires
connected to my PC into that so that's
not a problem but the internet cable is
there so this entire mess can save
itself for tomorrow because I'm
absolutely exhausted but this is where
we go up to with the office right now
yeah this looks like devastation and
destruction everything but going to put
a TV on the wall I think up here I'm a
might end up changing all this because
you're not gonna get that changing desk
but for now happy with how this is so
I've ordered a new webcam which is like
a 60fps 1080p like amazing like proper
web like actual camera like I could take
it out about and use it on the street on
the street sort of thing what y'all know
vlog with this so that we won't be doing
that book all this trash down here that
I need to move and organize and
everything but this is what I've got it
right now again it's all trial and error
because this desk as much as I love the
curviness
of it I will be changing from this to
the moving standing desk whenever I
decide to order that so all in good time
folks all in good time it has to be said
I am very happy with it I'm glad I moved
it because I've had the same layout set
up in his room for a longest time I've
moved it now the cable management is
pretty bad but at the same time what am
I really supposed to do about all this
part from drill like loads of holes in
the desks which I just cannot be
bothered doing so yep god damn it so I'm
all motional upset now because um I got
a bubble in my dose try that one again
I'm all emotional upset right now
because I just did a video for Alec and
he's family
because oh yeah if you guys remember I
did a make-a-wish when I went to e3 2016
and at the pleasure of going out there
with Xbox and they organized me do to
make a wish and the make a wish was to
go and hang out with Alec for a day who
could choose to do anything he wanted in
a world like absolutely anything he
could go tell the world he could have
gone here coulda done that but instead
Alec he was fighting about what cancer
and chose to spend his day with me Ella
day we spent with each other it was
absolutely amazing we play video games
we hooked up with a lot of Xbox whag
that we had a really good time with like
we hung out and he was absolutely
amazing amazing kid like I loved it to
pieces and like honestly you would never
even thought like when the mind set he
was in that he was having the battles he
was having with cancer and like his
parents were cool everything was awesome
and I had a great time hanging out with
him I wasn't happy enough with the
amount of time we spent with each other
I was like right I want to spend more
time with this kid because he's
absolutely amazing
I keep rockin The Syndicate original
swag he lived by the motto of lives to
sharp make the most of it and he was
just so tuned into being this super
super cool kid so the next day
organizers going on a helicopter flight
which if you guys saw in a vlog I took
his dad and me and Alec up at a
helicopter we flew all around Los
Angeles and checked it all out from
above and he liked it absolutely loved
it he absolutely enjoyed it you know who
tell me about like when we went for
dinner this drink they has to drink
which is like beet roots and carrots and
ginger and it's to help him get better
and flush out all the toxins in his body
and stuff and you know I promised him
that I was going to drink one of these
drinks if he made sure he drank them on
a daily basis and that's why I made the
video of me during clinics I was like
why you drinking this fucking drink and
I did that because I promised Alex that
would do it because he promised me he
would drink them as well and we stuck to
our promise and we did it and he was
amazed an amazing kid like it was make
it was get into making YouTube videos he
was doing he's doing vlogging he was
posting gaming videos and you guys
showed him so much support like you guys
really
thank you really thank you for being
such an amazing audience you were there
Alec quinion you did us like we watch
these videos disappointment his comments
I kid texting being like I'm drinking
this disgusting juice or I'm doing this
today I'm doing that today and I just
always been interact with him and then
when I wasn't there and I was sleeping
on the different time schedule zones you
guys were there from him as well and it
was awesome to know that as a community
we were there for each other like you
guys were there for me when I lost my
grandma and it was just it it's just
crazy to think that fortunately Alex has
lost man up because I like to be
laughing at me Alex lost his battle with
cancer like three days ago and everyone
like his close friends were messaged me
telling me and his parents messaged me
and everyone was asking why I wasn't
talking about an out respect for the
family I didn't want to and did I think
gave me permission spelter like you guys
know that fortunately it did lose his
battle and no no is it a better place
goes it really wasn't a good spot so
thank you so much and to anyone else
who's out there going through any
troubles like this you know just stay
strong be close with your family and
everything like that and if alex is mom
dad or watching this if you ever need a
little less you let me know if you've
got one but you can contact me and so
it's just such a shitty situation like
wow look at people so fucking young get
hit with such disgusting things in life
because like Harry when I went to did my
first of a make-a-wish with you know he
ended up passing away but then did the
next make-a-wish look later still still
fight your fear and everything's good
there and another way coition they're
fighting very good then I'm at like
genuinely thought that like even though
it was but it was really bad like I just
do such a positive kid I really thought
you just likes miracle make it through
and should be a champion of the rest of
his life
good fucking life shot him on the flop
like it's just not fair Alec always
lived by lives to shop make the most of
it and that was exactly I want to keep
on doing with life expressing to people
you only get one shot this life make the
most of it and just enjoy every single
moment you can like I'm just sorry if
like in the past few weeks people feel
like I've let them down because you know
without you guys that never would be at
any stage in life and without you guys
it never would have been able to meet
people like Alec and it just it's just
not fair that like I would give this
opportunity and I'm like oh I just make
videos that's it look they wanna do me
people like Alec if you make a wish its
job oh man I was getting way too
emotional that I just had to take a
break because I just said Alec is mum
the video for the funerals too flat so
I'm just gonna wrap this up I like my
thoughts and prayers are out there with
a your family Alec all these pieces and
until next time adios my friend
