we run like a motherfucker to the camera
get in the car broke today Cindy
original clothing of choice will be I
think I think a white egg assured your
that perfection in a nutshell right
there also might as well tell you guys
I'm not wearing pants
just doing my weekly trim of the bid one
cube at a time thought I'd do anything
for a real pig rain rain go away please
never come back another day cuz this is
just typical old England rain rain and
more rain I was gonna go out today and
do stuff that's a lie I'm gonna go to
syndicate original today and design new
syndicate OG shirts because if you guys
are going to insomnia 58 what the fuck
is that why the fuck is her burp on my
window house fuck yeah so I was saying
well as I was saying as I was saying if
you guys go into I 58 we'd be launching
a new shirt there and we've just been
working on it for like the past couple
days and it's time to look really really
sick we're on the fine finishing moments
of getting the design ready for you guys
so you go in 58 you might be able to
pick you up there and if you're not
going to I 50 I'm gonna put a link down
in the description for you guys to go
and get a ticket and I believe I'll put
down the code below so if you guys want
to go and get a ticket and you in my
code you'll get 10% off your tickets so
hopefully I'll see you all there a bunch
of people have already got tickets in
their tweet me being like fucking stoked
to see syndicate I 50a but if I see you
there
a high five your face of great time at
the same time I don't really want to go
out in this weather because it's
completely utterly shit okay
step one we all walk the car step two we
run like a motherfucker to the camera
get in the car broke it's so fuckin
rainy Oh No Mohammed cushions
fuck the Sheep don't give a fuck oh man
this is just this is just a great day I
made mistakes boys how decided to coach
my girls I know I'm an idiot fun fact I
was pulling into this car back from the
roundabout came in a guy reverse
straight almost interview literally
missed me by like that much I stopped I
looked back at them and they were like
waving around by the window like sorry
sorry so I was like but I'm in fucking
sorry what a fucking hit me thank God it
didn't happen I've also put the plans on
going get my
wallet on paws I'm going getting I'm
getting a McFlurry from here to go and
give to Alice my mom and we're gonna
work on the new t-shirt design I'm kind
of looking forward to showing you guys
this is like a sneak peek like behind
the scenes were soon to get rigid all
pretty cool regrets my coyote smells
enough as it is and now got my golds and
it worked out fuck all so let's decide
whether or not Tom's gonna spill any of
the ice creams always drink on the way
to the office
place your decisions now II look at that
they survived made it well it's really
taking good care of now clean this
offices this is not your bedroom it's a
work environment so in that in that
circumstance one of you has a penalty
finally please yep whoa okay you asked
familiars now one of you didn't get what
you wanted
what what did you want and what did you
want okay take that corner one and is
that doable because guess what it is
you get Smarties ha you got instead you
got crunchy this kind of nun stopped it
now
crunchy no that one I want crunchy Oh
John coats come on that's what you get
thank you hey that's pretty good
wait a minute so when you said you got
the guest chair this is the guest you
can't put the office on YouTube this is
the boss's chair you fucking serious
okay look at me bells and whistles fuck
my life
oh my gosh it's like Aladdin's cave of
syndicate original wristbands
oh my days I want them all you're a
little rap you're a little scavenging
rat I left my food on the side for two
seconds
and she's coming nibbling it what do you
explain yourself explain yourself
they caught your Red Hat I caught a
literally just film just to say I caught
you red-handed in your eye again put it
down you shit mmm that's pretty nice yes
you know what we're doing a super Scion
sale how much these shirts usually I'm a
traitor right now
they're on sale for 1500 if you want one
of these syndicate original swords
designs we're gonna show the full hood
open it off
open it up not this one that was not for
sale because I just threw it open that
up but we got green black weight black
with blue I'm just kind of cool here in
grey with grey with all the great
blacksmith hammer right come on open it
up he's right update the website right
now right now right so these are gonna
be on sale on the website right now
don't worry that el isn't take that
he'll stick around so del sticker off
take the ELSA all right so these are
gonna be on sale the website now Cindy
Grigio calm in the description for 15
pounds isn't that right Alex right
honest yeah yeah business that's the
power of being the boss I can just roll
in and be like Alice we're also doing
away this t-shirt on to her if you want
to be able to win this - this t-shirt
goes go falls into Kittridge me on
Twitter and retweet their latest tweet
to win you're not gonna win that one
cetera why are you so upset but I just
waited to draw something all over the
show how did you guys me you shit tell
us we've been waiting outside granddad's
house now for a full three minutes where
is he he's taking the Jag you out the
Jag he was not on the drive the Jag he
was not on the drive so he's clearly out
fucking vroom vrooming and apparently in
the two-month in the two months arch I
think it's three now in the three months
is at the car apparently he's from 3,000
miles I've owned my Audi TT for a year
and a half and I've only just done 3,000
what the actual fuck and I saw
got an ice cream as you nearly crushed
the fucking gonna hey hurry back today
that's mine not by what cuz you're my
favorite sister I got you on as well
okay then
Lu turned down but you some ice cream
no Lucy your cheek Lieutenant Dan buddy
shut up you fucking bitch are you like
this for you fucking shut up are you
doing if you look closer I cannot see
your jag you were on that drive that's a
nice outing TJ whose is that mine
dude is it mine you're right why why
right iron I'm relying for my life on
this at this before though I've said
this again you're the message person I
know Alex move your fucking arm
maybe wrong yeah what you doing no more
fucking idiot yeah you Eric I left you
alone three ice cream you're incapable
of anything oh yeah should you fix that
you did that the other chuckling mmmmmm
fuck you think this is a game Oh God he
become moist air which - as in my eyes
101 I've never eaten ice cream up pubes
before this is a first horrible this is
what you call ingenious ingenious door
holding technology hmm in other terms
it's known as a better leg at the same
time it just does not look right I don't
know skinny little paralyzed I know look
how skinny they look they're actually
like really normal legs put them on the
angle ah love you don't you fucking try
and kiss me that side of your face other
side I've got a flu yeah higher now
we'll look took in alright catch you
later
Oh
me a five don't forget to change the
price than shirt really no you got five
seconds to say something inspiring to
the world go labs to shot right no you
can't fucking say that
hey Alice smile it's my smile oh my god
you actually have a nice smile now you
don't like Michael got what you doing
all those haters you blocking out the
haters black black get it
smile you actually have a really nice
smile now oh you actually look really
pretty well I actually feel kind of gay
saying that but at least I got to bully
you fabulous oh great
all I need to try and do is find out how
to open her bonnet and then I've opened
every single door in her car hey Alice
hey gais Thank You chef he hunts us the
ride of my dad just randomly turned up
so now it's me my sister my dad me and
all this row like crack cocaine father
let's reunite together father father
Hawaii Bowl we love you came to
celebrate with you we don't know what
well yeah yeah have you been have you
been I've endured lets in daddy but I
said I want to see Steve one see Steve
here we are in my dad's garden dove
house beautiful water found him get what
this actually look really good but you
know what is the best feature about this
entire thing they look good dad
I used to play with a kid like crazy no
the fact that this there's there's a god
damn turtle
tartar that look it I always do this but
for scale look at the size of Eric yeah
but for the record that rod he is real
Eric come on he's like listen I'm
pretending to be fake he's so heavy
bloody hell it's little hidden what's
going on he's a little pause this little
head-to-head and tart eyes on you mate
let's get a little bit of an act
well the dog the dogs are around I'm
giving him a bit of a neck tickle look
at that
a spot oh that's a good stuff finger
that's dip it smells like Christopher
where's my big boy Steve oh my fucking
god me you're fucking yeah Stephen
Montgomery castle I just gave him a
middle name of Montgomery Stephen
Montgomery you are a Baldy giant
figured we'd come out and give Steve a
little bit of fresh air we can't be out
for too long he's nice and warm but
he'll be getting getting too cold just
giving him some fresh air you know
Stevens part of the squad is this dry he
likes it it always he goes that's his
own chair that's pretty good right stick
one got sick Stephen go get off stick
okay make it this difficult the scale is
to how big Stephen Montgomery Cassell is
that's the name I decided upon I give
him a middle name this trip all right
look how big is this might as my hand
wait Stephen face this way if you face
it that way we can get a full body size
but I look he's absolutely try kegs like
this full size of my arm he's big as
well look how wide he is wise me um
remember he was a little warning on the
little vine that I made any jumped you
got a million views on vine you did your
little shit you look amazing
get you a new birth areum that's for
sure and that's pimped out what I'm
gonna pimp your home bro and to top it
off I got this from Chris and Hannah I'm
now officially a fucking Lord because I
legally own a piece of land in Selma
there's documentation that comes with it
and now officially owned a piece of wand
at Hogan Hogan Manor and basically
legally actually legally I can class
myself as a lord or lady you know you
know swing both ways
bought a lady so I've now officially
changed my name to Lord Thomas George
Michelle Christopher thank you very much
hunter in case you watch the vlog thank
you awesome
you've been in my house for like five
minutes and you've already fucked it up
you're fucking what are you doing don't
stop
it's um I have to say you've definitely
lost a lot of weight my friend you
fucking out don't that's impressive
I wish I could show like before and
after pictures of you as to how your
how's it been going
how much have you been running you don't
I'm gonna turn it into Gainsborough
gains are you doing frozen all the bones
at the come on in
oh I'm alright the larger a yeah alright
committee good to see a hey thanks for
the birthday present alright yeah
there's kick him back in it yesterday in
the Sun get on the road so you can say
hello to I don't think you've ever met
him hey you met Chris no Chris and Sam
is he's got this is Gordon your granddad
syndicate to you syndicate and pre
tangata where have you been going to get
3,000 miles and input two homes what
help
oh the babe she's looking good oh she's
so mean so mean if you give it a name
you gotta give it a name I'm good it's
the beauty I've just been on more to
where where they do it yeah you got a
few scuffs on the we layer few fucking
scuff Dale odd about this one well you
know what I've done on my car just
happens doing it just up and he's done
it
you liking it no good car as a everyone
has been asking me how was your granddad
doing is the car okay is he enjoying it
one one actual person said he saw you
driving in Bakke well yeah any Bakewell
but if someone said that the drunk drove
you riding around in Bakke well I don't
know what you said thought they saw you
in the Jag you a break in Bakke well
I've got a question for you well this is
one of the most high-tech modern cars
yeah why is there a paper atlas in the
back cuz I don't you son out man you
don't use the sat-nav no you taking the
piss yeah we are here with Christopher
outside Nando's where it's about to get
about to get
okay I don't even know why I tried Genki
tom there's no way giving me a lot this
before you're gonna finish that all
right if you if you if you do it if you
can eat all I mean all it like to the
bone chicken I'll buy you the next
Nando's you eat deal I use whoa
what Sam you're the judge you're the
fucking judge what's going on here yes
so do I win you all right what was Bali
on that CdSe boom Tom look at that wait
it's all chicken more you played your
side right so so we're saying that out
at this dealership on the left
they must have drove out of it and just
gone it's a window smash to the
dealership something fucking smash your
window how the fuck is I know oh through
the wall you're all sexual bastards
where's good to see you again mate I'm
glad to be back
hmm you're amazingly cuddly I told you
it's a ginger look at it in all its
glory you only ever seen with this thing
yet on come here Tom hugs hugs mmm a
good see I'll probably see you tomorrow
fuck well IV Nootka look how nice this
car is by the way what is it Tom
Volkswagen Polo is it GTI whatever it is
it's fucking well nice he's probably the
fastest car out of allah's law until I
get the Jag he's got the fastest car and
this is some nice BMW what you got with
a bag of bolts Fiesta
like I don't understand why you do that
on my road you dick me the boys we're
gonna come back to the house chill out
and kick back and hang out with each
other but then we just decided that you
know we're grownups and you know we
should be responsible so I'm here in bed
at half past 10:00 gonna watch Pokemon
and just pass the fuck out ah this cop
is so bad so as always guys thank you
very much for watching today's vlog if
you enjoyed it make sure you leave that
light green subscribe and you'll see my
face every single day at 6 p.m. UK time
and yeah just gonna keep on doing
vlogging because I fucking love it and I
think you guys are right I think the UK
vlogs are quite potentially bad if you
like the UK vlogs the best click that
right like click that right mating well
click that like rating and we'll see how
many people really really do love the UK
vlog so until tomorrow click you're on
watch watching I'll catch you guys next
time adios
