so we forgot about how long don't think
it takes a genius to work out that these
jeans are way too tight it's a beautiful
morning in England where the Sun isn't
shining it is again another really
miserable day it's even that bad that
the sheep are like fuck that and my flu
is still really really bad so I'm kind
of pissed off still that it's still
around I've been taking as many tablets
as I can I'd be trying to stay as
healthy as I can that's a lie
but yeah it's still not God I feel like
shit I'm gonna try meat gaming videos
today but no I guess that's just not the
case I have a test today and I'm gonna
try and drive around all my local area
all my local towns and take over every
damn Pokemon gym possible oh the sheep
are there we just kind of avoided my
view from my bedroom window and was like
screw it we're going over there I said a
lot of goddamn lamb chops man this is
what you call a dinner of Champions ham
salad sandwich so eggs some sour cream
it's just just stopping here to get some
poker stops you know clicks and balls
soon as I have like 12 left and then you
drive up the road to a local church
which is actually the local Pokemon gym
so yeah today me and my dad are looking
for a lid for my hot tub that's like a
mechanical one because right now when
I'm drunk as balls after lift it off hey
that's pretty nice d that's a nice ass
hot tub and that's the really nice
scenery behind her look at this happy
little shit look at him he's loving it I
didn't realize how hot tubs were so
expensive mine was definitely not how
much but 10 grand
she's she looked so beautiful and clean
we got Ken and we're going to the
gallery center to try and find a
barbecue and furniture for the house
that I've yet to furnish like the house
like two years now I stood at having a
yard of furniture seats for outside so
exactly like a garden center just saying
oh I spoke too soon nice hey that's
pretty good I want that right there that
one of these two of them and then if we
go around here it's gonna be this corner
sofa as well and then that should do it
that's for table not too sure this is by
far the best knife and forks that I've
ever seen in my life I genuinely feel
like an adult for the first time in the
house not shopping for furniture
anything
but shopping for plant pots for the
house and my garden to make it look
pleasing and nice and this is presenting
animal kingdom you can get dragons you
can get koala bears yo can get Harambee
I don't understand them why the meme of
Saveur am being like like caught fire am
became from i who's that that mean but
none of us just monk is pondering life I
like turtles
as a pretty big cock
whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo see who i Nanna my
grandma who still alive she's the kind
of person who buys all of these she's
like the gnome lady she puts them all in
a garden she doesn't care she's like oh
it's so cute oh look at this it's it's
wearing clothes and like no name stuck
okay I thought that was bad enough I
just realized that this one star was
like WTF
this one's Harry fucking Potter and this
one's a spaceman which in the words of
rice gum it's time to stop who came up
with the garden gnome taking a selfie
this is just not acceptable and must be
stopped
this literally should not exist this is
this is pet this is nightmare fuel it's
using a goddamn fucking iPhone
there's some nice numbers so almost as
nice as this one
I just I'm like my dad's doing all the
business and I'm just like a kid playing
around with everything right now
this is my life stop it stop horsing
around
oh my god this place is pom pom pom
central man oh man if you've got me this
or this as a kid I would lose my shit
but for the record wait to make me feel
old retro selection well we got some
love heart some white mice and some
sherbet lemon spaceship man all flying
saucers even but I feel really old right
now I want to comment down below a few
guys as to what your favorite childhood
sweet is I have to be honest right now
my favorite without a doubt mini axe so
you're gonna go from midlife crisis to
another midlife crisis I joke yeah it's
actually really the wheels are not
gorgeous
deme sir oh yeah totally didn't realize
as a women missing when mirror
windshield holy shit what happened here
what oh really
damn the reason my dad's vans is cuz
some tick crashed into the back of him
so we had to get it all taken out all
rebuilt and everything I think it's er I
think it's all rockin and rollin now
squeeze baby buck in good shape
obviously apart from this bullshit
missin but they'll put that back on and
there's my BAE BAE BAE oh wait they
dance BAE future babe yeah whatever
going up and dinner without Wow pardon
me off from that that handshake yeah
what I've been doing with Ellis kochler
any words of motivation for the internet
every time I say goodbye to my dad I'm
gonna ask him for with the visit like
inspirations like usually to talk about
anything to be set and then when you put
them on the spot to say something is
like oh this is like let's have it it's
a legend oh yeah we're having dinner
with ours now sir I'm a drinker
see us use that and rave my face there
it's been three hours since I took my
last flu tablet I feel like I'm dying
though decided to fly back to our life
psyche I'm actually just citing my
garden in the UK where it is hot as
balls to the fact that my head head head
head phones my forehead is on fire with
the heat so just to sit out here for a
second top not my time before I go pick
up my sister of my mom to go get some
dinner well well well we meet again
Karen nice shirt you wearing there where
did you get that from syndicate regional
comm sit what uniform no you're supposed
to be like yes in the original comm go
get one now if you guys want to pick go
and pick up some syndicate og stuff
especially wristbands which I'm rocking
right now links down in the description
as always I'm wearing mine and Alice bad
be wearing hers shit she's fucking fired
what is she doing what are you doing I'm
not seeing you itself okay Clark how you
doing love you I love you I love you go
fuck yourself
go fuck yourself it is hot as balls but
nonetheless definite cheeky nandos but
cheeky coke gonna cheeky iseman cheeky
Alice this bump and cannon just suck
they're sending sending what she's doing
sending nudes Alice sales pitch ask the
community if they'd like one no dude
what that's it that's your sales pitch
sell it oh oh the shampoos Oh another
one
and what about Samson's
about some saloons what I've got a Nokia
well fucking I'm not getting one sweeter
not bust that is literally nothing
better than a cheeky Nando's medium
butterfly chicken with any kind of petit
kinda kind of not petit chips your
rabbit food nice what are these seeds
Carlito how you doing this is my
vlogging camera
it's a wide-angle lens if I take it off
wait super zoomed in hey that's pretty
good
see you later
much love is Kenneth building my
birthday present off my granite which is
pretty goddamn sweet Oh some tunes I got
an ice cream I didn't bring my dad one
because I don't know who's here
but welcome to the garden I don't really
spend much time down here because
usually it's wet as hell right
that's what crispy I really never ever
come down here now this is gorgeous look
at this graph just looking at it look
yeah wish I came down here more often
but it's just like I don't know I don't
use gardens for everything so I went
when we designed the house it like what
you want to put you out and I was like
grass and keep that tree that tree was
like that big woman when I bought the
house about three years ago so to say
it's grown into such like a Christmas
tree now hey that's pretty cute now we
need to work on a mission how do i
entice a sheep over here capture it then
get another sheep get them to breed and
create my own private collection over
sheep how do we achieve this tits
totally fuck I was supposed to be on
catching a pokemon gym so whilst my
dad's building that and we're drive
round the corner go and capture the gym
and come
back priorities this Visitor Center is
the local pokemon gym not even joking so
I'm gonna pack up kick their ass
take the gym drive off and hope I own it
alright boys I've made it so this is the
local pokemon gym
I think after like walk up here I'll
walk around somewhere to go and locate
where the actual thing is I can't just
sit in the car park and do it so getting
some exercise but if people live in my
local area and know this gym obviously
people who know me from being in the
local like the local village and stuff
and you better fucking prepare cuz I'm
gonna kick everyone's fucking ass at
this local gym so you bout to get shown
who's fuckin boss no joke
this War Memorial is actually the
pokemon gym like I might sit here in the
war memorial gym so I'm going to sit
down win the fight take the gym and yeah
basically own this roster for a couple
of weeks okay so in summary I am walking
away gym loss and the reason for that is
the team is actually team mystic that
owns the gym which is my team but you've
got to level the gym open by be in the
players to level it looks like level
four so I can put an extra Pokemon in
now the problem with that is I can't be
any of the pokemon in the damn gym and
they're not even that high of a level
but I just cannot beat them for some
damn reason so I have to go away train
my Pokemon up some more and return and
kick their ass unfortunately I fucked up
I also loved the most about this area is
that no one my age would be in this area
no reason no reason whatsoever because
it's like literally in the middle of
nowhere it's considered like an all
peoples place to go walk and everything
but there's so many young kids walking
around I'm going over there to play
pokemon and go and check out the gym
because it's the only one in the entire
area so go ahead I couldn't take it I
shall return
bigger and better and if someone can
leave some comments as to how you beat a
hypno Pokemon or a psychic pok√©mon then
let me know because I tried electricity
I tried fire tried water and nothing to
seem to fucking work so I go home
empty-handed oh snap son you managed to
finish yeah there's an insane gust of
wind that comes down this like tunnel
like such area so this is probably gonna
get completely ripped off within
overnight but okay apparently this works
I haven't been told if my dad's tested
it or not it's probably not safe but
Yolo let's try it
Oh oh my god
Oh oh my gosh oh don't do it oh this is
perfect this is really really nice
so um relaxing I got in the hot tub I
thought I put the music on the guardians
of the galaxy soundtrack and all the
sheep just ball it in the distance I've
been looking forward to getting towards
8:00 p.m. so it could take some tablets
to get rid of this flu so now I'm
waiting for them to kick in but the
dream situation are now is for the flu
to disappear and me to go and get some
Chinese food oh I think they've returned
that is a beautiful sunset but I think
they've returned there was three
actually what it was three crows up on
that building and I'm only used to to
terrorizing my house but I think the
crows are back there like Tom's back
from England they must have seen my face
when I was in the hot tub and they must
be like time to fuck with his shit
Chinese food acquired now you tell me in
what will that doesn't look sexual if
you've never ever had so on pepper
chicken from a Chinese restaurant try it
it'll probably salt because it's not the
golden feeling Phoenix Felix Felix cuz
it's not from my badass Chinese around
the corner from me but if you ever do
try it and you do like it thank you
later I could not think of a better
thing to do right now then kicking back
bed watching Pokemon original series to
sleep so no guys I'm absolutely
exhausted
I'm cannot wait to get to sleep my sleep
schedules getting worse and worse
because I'm in a sense because I'm going
to bed earlier and earlier and earlier
so yeah I'm basically just waking up
really early and going to bed really
early so I guess it's a good thing but
at the same time it's not good for ro
going out partying or anything like that
so this weekend want to go out my
friends I'm gonna be exhausted but
nonetheless guys I'm gonna sleep so
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. UK
time for another daily vlog and if you
want to smash the like right in even
more than ever because it's gonna be the
third vlog uploaded on time at 6 p.m.
like for the past three days in a row so
ya know long before I fuck up that
schedule
