well that's how high
because no I it's not real
the Illuminati confirmed
I think my dad would be really upset if
I didn't get him a gift from Disney so I
might replace his crocs with Mickey
Mouse Crocs or you think it the attack
toxins you cannot wear Crocs and socks
that's candles you can't do that well
maybe my dad can y'all take those yeah
as if you think I'd feed your croc
obsession dad get rid of them
burn them destroy them much look to your
fit don't don't shout out the task it
don't surprise to us
hey I respect the guy for wearing a suit
but oh my goodness he must be hot in
nothing like a hundred degrees out right
now oh god I was a little adorable thing
we won't go don't you watch youtube
videos by any chance gonna be in the
vlog high-five
nice to meet you I'm absolutely sweat my
face off this guy Cameron it on back and
I just totally signed his shoe that
there you go enjoy having gage scribbled
on the side issue but like you ever talk
to the videos it really appreciate it
really been a fan of Mexican food and I
was like you know what
cuz Lex is getting it I'm gonna get it
oh my god I'm an idiot for one thing
we're going to a Mexican and I
completely forgot to ask for no cilantro
tits no it's just kind of like a mixture
bollocks what is that what is that
actually I think it may be onions and a
water cilantro excited to go inside the
giant testicle because apparently it's a
spaceship earth ride so are you ready
for it
does he love enjoying chewing actually
I'm chewing chewing cueing you enjoyed
queueing but I know you're making fun of
me sure on my nail oh that kid it's a
jungle that guy it's a jagoff pole isn't
it very much
no Alexis are you gonna supervise me oh
I swear to God if you see another no
you're gonna supervise me hey get a
supervisory yeah oh oh whoa it opens
okay okay
English English okay this looks like
exhibit really worship um I thought it
was a like a crazy ride I guess it's a
science to animatronics I'm amazing
yeah the Golden Spike you're lucky
welcome to the future what are your
future your future
here in the future your home in the
country will be a slur know it
automatically no Tom I have red hair
almost as soon as you do
your closet comes equipped with a
computerized personal shopper the
consumer choose your custom laid out
even if it's for today what's a smart
one don't meet your others to help you
start your day your fingertips because
your home's information and would let
you view your daily planner almost
anywhere since you don't enjoy cleaning
robotic housekeepers will help you with
your daily chores okay but then have
those already and make sure your dress
it doesn't only a bad day
during a beautiful view of
that's how life ladies and gentleman
interesting these are all faces of
people who decide to get put on the park
but I have to point out look at this
baby
welcome to Disney's Hollywood Studios
well I didn't get randomly selected to
be selected to be selected right
you have no idea we have made it to the
crossroads of the world interesting
this place looks well nice I would love
to live somewhere like this I'm pretty
sure this is based on Hollywood so
that's like the Chinese Theater from
Hollywood like I've kind of been doing
the vlogs and palm trees and shit so
okay Hollywood Studios uh I mean there's
that do ya know yeah there's also that
giveaway will be the warm-up round sir
we're warming up 99 syringes go into a
bar and the bartender whose name was
Dermot said I'm sorry we do not pass the
wrench over here look at how low their
Hollywood my name is Mimi Capone star of
stage screen and you're well the strange
just welcome to a bar the bartender says
I will not serve you sir interesting you
know get out and then syringes head off
come on we just wanted one shot
oh come on marathon she's an honorable
man so perfect thank you Thank You
Carson thank you jack thank you
fantastic voters I am safe our bank the
mayor of Hollywood and I know I'm in
this comedy competition but I am not
required to be funny because
government's already a joke ninety-nine
syringes go into a bar the bartender
said I'm not serving your syringes in
here now get out listen just said now
we're all here to meet dates that we met
on Facebook and the bartender said how
you know no when you see him and the
surgeon said well we poked him
yeah
good ride on the weight in 50 minutes
flat roof worth 50 minutes yeah made it
to Pixar studios look at this little
monkeys we're looking for the toy stop
oh my gosh is the thing that woody uses
to talk with oh my speakers belt oh okay
we don't have that in the UK I don't
think it's awesome
now that is so awesome Lukas be a proper
toy soldier Oh No
no no no my gosh remember of Stephanies
and just gave us classes yes this skills
convinced I'm gonna lose okay listen
listen listen if I win then we're gonna
use these whoa whoa what's with the
trash talk
I'm drinking myself right now you know I
do have to shoot balls out real balls
actually I remember anymore no it
doesn't just go I think it's got a thing
on the end of it but nonetheless a
member of staff knew was here so massive
shout-out to them but they give us like
four fast passes so we can go and like
all the epic rides all over again
straight away I'm on round one I kicked
your ass this is awesome
one percent accuracy on round two rat
even more
okay I need to concentrate she beat me
on round two but I think I've got it
I think I've got it I think I've got it
no no wait no how did you beat me no
that is a real I don't know how you beat
me fuck me oh my god I got rekt god damn
I'm buying dinner
come on show me the shirt that's damn 60
minutes of washing them act amount of
minutes I don't think so
first class is
this rides gonna be in ten
but I was stoked just going to pay and
there's like a drunk ass dragonfly just
kick him back there thinking it's flying
in the AC wind is it alive and he
poisonous oh oh oh oh oh delicious just
drop ride was awesome but we've got two
fast classes left for this part before
we go there's your ticket thanks there
how are a match on the Toy Story riding
you wait for it wait so you're ready
buying dinner oh shit um you can buy my
flight back to LA what yeah yeah yeah
who me just so awesome meeting that guy
who's saying like he's so much as on my
videos and like like really really liked
or something so is it absolute on it I'm
it's the drum that's going on right now
it's awesome to know that there's so
many people like just know me from
actually oh can I get a cynic gonna get
off on that they'll be with you now
you're in the vlog yes I take three we
just got stuff like people I was saying
like it's really awesome like there's a
lot of drama going on right now
I don't like a statement coming out soon
just about addressing all but it's
really nice stuff people who just know
me for being me and just making videos
and you know dude just being Tom it's
not stuff people always supported me and
like people who watch the videos like
come and say hi so thank you so much for
everyone who actually knows me for
sticking by me in all that song stuff
but nonetheless it's going down so the
rules are if I beat you you have to buy
my flight back to Los Angeles if you win
you're gonna buy me a flight to the
Cayman Islands
that's well porn expensi I have nowhere
to go you have to go home I have no word
got stuff to buy you dinner
yeah deal huh camera is going away it's
done fall and you're gonna go go down
and I'm gonna be alright you guys wanna
be oh come on
I'm exhausted my right arm is fucking
killing shit I got by your flight to the
Cayman Islands and banger dinner Jesus
I'm not your friend
let's stop it my lawyer or not your
broom it's been amazing being here it's
a hot ass day I've been sweaty as hell
the entire date as a show about to start
as tables for that there's no food so
I'll go on yet improve Oh aha she got
picked this time not me I'm here trying
to skate before I get running Li picked
again I'm pretty sure this is the third
time we've seen this my line display
it is impressive with the three thought
that improv yeah after the third time
it's kind of like okay okay okay but at
least we're inside and we're eating and
we're not sitting outside like dying
this time that's true it had this
actually pretty nice sitting a joke
having dinner and watching the burn
today is that last day you enjoyed the
trip yeah
tension going on is quite 25 minutes
oh yes oh my gosh this is probably the
best man I could ever really work with
doc mmm okay then a bunny rabbit just
totally run out in front of us on dived
in what it doesn't even care
what she's just chilling oh look at it
was it immoral as you were just talking
about life here comes the bunny I know
right what you turn about yeah it bites
you you're knowledgeable okay mate
that's the most tame bunny I think I've
ever seen in my hi Alexis you can't take
the rabbit with you let it go as Elsa
would say how things are things trust
let it go let it go it doesn't want you
anymore that leizerman is a last night
in Disney World it's been absolutely
amazing really enjoyed it the rides were
awesome the weather was kind of raining
or really humid then really really hot
but I guess that's what Florida is and
that's all it has to offer so we had a
real real mix of all of it so it's been
awesome but I really really enjoyed this
trip I'll definitely come back to this
place and you know try out one of the
different hotels just for that sort of
like ambience and experience so I think
but nonetheless really enjoyed it I'll
be vlogging tomorrow every single day 6
p.m. UK time so until then thank you
very much watching I love you guys faces
which legal like rain and ideals
