wait what is it doing what's that dude
let's see what's his drug doing right
then let's go get about to eat me he's
panting just like a dog were to cool
themselves yeah yeah yep
it's uh it's a bit warm and obviously he
has a nice heavy coat of feathers was
his name - mr. great one owl nice so the
hotel I'm staying on this trip to Disney
is absolutely amazing and I really
enjoyed it but we decided to come over
here to the Polynesian and check it out
and it's so much nicer there's so much
like life and atmosphere to it like it's
all super super Hawaiian and stuffing
look at it it's just so nice doesn't
this got more vibrance than our hotel so
nice oh my goodness me this hotel is
beautiful it's a done volcano Legare the
building looks incredible and Alexis
disappeared and brought back ice cream
with pineapple door whoops
don't quit and it tastes damn good
we even missed out on an amazing more
apart this is just not acceptable come
down here to look at these whores and
they're playing darude sandstorm did I
did it ordered another day what if I
play as well
nice this is beautiful next up Disney
speaker says the balloon in the daylight
I knew it it's got a rope attached to it
so you basically just hope it heart I
believe with a bunch of different people
and then that's it I kind of want to do
that but the same time I feel like if
you're gonna do heart balloon or air
ballooning well even if you're gonna do
it and you've never done it before you
need to do it properly
rather than being attached to a rope
describe it was what is it
incredible what is it it's a race ball
yes and it's nuts it's a mozzarella rice
ball
and I'm quite grim oh yeah yeah yes is
it everything you imagined amore Oh
mm-hmm
add these years ago like three years ago
they're so so good here take here no he
yeah he's awesome
yeah hmm well that's really hard to
house such a really good best sauce is
incredible dinner was delicious good
recommendation I'm glad we could find it
but it's the fourth of July we need to
do American and the most American
thing we could think of and find was an
ATM cupcake machine from sprinkles
basically the fastest way of getting
food in America oh my goodness me what
do we do when we do be readily no you
dead to me really
vegan rappelling wait is this the top is
this the stuff this is the mate this is
the cake Aaron says thought is the cake
vanilla okay
standard yet oh wait no that's the top
right oh my god it actually shows you it
being delivered what what oh my gosh
genius show it show it show it show it
hahaha
America time to try it if it's good
enough yup
it is hot as balls waiting for boss
so we resorted to sitting on the floor
with no shoes on
next stop animal kingdom where I'm
returning Alexis
haha no way the rest of you family's
here
oh these burns keep getting better and
better
I'm in so much trouble I am totally not
being made hostage to say this with a
nail in my back well I absolutely love
Alexis's elephant family
I'm joking actually love a mama grandma
shout outs to the homies I am in
absolute heaven right now this is
incredible whoa wait this is even what
look at this this is a fish bridge this
is amazing
she knows she's laughing at me come on
come on it's just not the best place I
know look look at those seats they're
amazing
I'm so impressed I've just spotted
another family member
are you done with my I'm so over
you right now I will look at it it's so
detailed
see how big is like you as well we just
enter the world of avatar cuz that's a
big-ass tree yeah they're building it
battle it makes sense next year huh
that is one big-ass tree and that is one
big-ass round a continent optim-r in ah
welcome to not see that hole oh okay if
it cared to turn around that'd be
beautiful right now
you like screw you trouble gonna pill on
camera I'll be more Oh quick so you
scared him off with your ginger hair
whoa that is at bluegrass church like
okay your family code correct myself
it's a frog
you tell your vlog that you just told
them that I'm a toad
you just told people yes and I'm a toad
yes that's not nice
what wall wall wall wall excess separate
you're not a zebra I said Sarah is every
time educating you in the world of
Britishness that is a horse painted
black and white in black and white that
did not answer my question
down that's me that's me Dad I'm not so
Alexis no this is definitely you wait
which teeth okay the other one with the
other big heads look how big the teeth
are that's you I'm wrecking your license
oh my gosh this guy's over here
sunbathing and this little baby over
here just come wait wait the reductions
are not oh just as we got Eric run off
either way look at that thing
father oh my gosh I hung on us as a
little stage here what are you bringing
your feathers it's a great horned owl oh
yeah most abundant species of Alfond in
North America
apparently he decided his feathers are
not sitting in the right space creating
himself oh yeah last about a year yeah
it's not like our hair that constantly
keeps growing they grow those feathers
in if they end up breaking off a part
way or get damaged those usually say
there throughout now we've made it to
shangri-la the place where call of duty
zombies exists apparently we're going on
a ride up in this mountain and that is
the best job and I'm not been on any
rides all today it's been way too hot
I'm Way too busy but luckily oh my god
best night ever
oh we basically just went on this so we
can get some a condition but hopefully
it's got a big drop oh yeah really it
sent so far on the Tom Richter scale
okay that got real steep real quick
you know why has everyone been flicking
their goddamn rubber bands over this
makes no sense whatsoever oh wait a
minute oh wait it's going the other way
as if we knew that was about to happen
I was loving it result so that means is
an angel mirrors he's an angel nearest
he's here Cardinal an angel Mary wait so
you might be able to get your soul back
change a job may death and destruction
be upon us also the skill Jubilee
actually watches my work so that's kind
of Awesome no no Walker case no nothing
he has a larger piece of heaven on rest
into psiphon any final words oh oh
yeah well this is this is this is
terrible not even I don't know I shine
it this well behind my does this spray
up
Oh nailed it
oh wait oh that goes straight down
haha oh yeah that's it
let's sail the tides turn now please oh
please oh oh
rest in pieces flawless Oh knows it that
was it I even get up wet yes I feel like
I mean to Alexis today with all the
jokes into her elephant I'm fistrick
and a ginger head so I'd like to say I'm
at one with you in the gingers I have a
ginger beard
she has ginger hair you're a junior no
not saying it I refuse I talked about no
nope nope nope nope nope but you told me
to do what you just told me a minute ago
they were ginger for life
 there's a storm a bro and we're
gonna catch the bus now back to the
hotel shower change and then put a Magic
Kingdom and watch the fourth of July
fireworks play I really been to a 4th of
July fireworks display properly so this
well not really never really I didn't
want anyone to go without any reason to
celebrate with so we're gonna do it this
time
wait so they're doing a firework display
and they're doing a firework display oh
my gosh
since this pipe work is going on
everywhere is the delay in them errands
that's how big that
it's like three seconds of the sound to
get over here what all these fireworks
again intends now they're doing all
sorts different shapes and stuff for
that what is that what is that what is
that what are those oh my gosh these are
some of the best fireworks dem ones are
in the same pokeballs these fireworks
are stepping up even more or not like
they're doing the display there but
there's an identical display right there
so the goose down
because they've set up different
fireworks on the castle that is like the
famous infamous castle I didn't see them
Oh
what the hustings our finale get all the
cow amazing and would you look at that
we're back at Disney springs come on you
come on you miss fancy I'm gonna wear a
dress and I'm just gonna wear shorts oh
my god this is what dreams are made of
one day one day don't you stand there
with a smug look on your face but your
poor divided mother
so one tweet me stating that my mustache
divides into four one two three four
does it look like it yeah you can see it
here and here not so much on this
eyebrow forget a beard transplant this
sounds amazing
Oh
just cut back on oh I was I was like
shut out and someone threw this at me
and I was like the hell is that and this
guy over here launched it up into the
crowd well thank you that's all surprise
no got this huge crowd for you Donna is
amazing
because I'm one two three times flier
throw flyers if you please I don't know
where you're from but those are Florida
kids you know this man is wiser he comes
out of these mug with some hand
sanitizer so against the ribosome clubs
yes and now you won't tell me well what
am I supposed to do with your hotel key
stop and expend I'm so dumb ho girl that
comes to the progress of want a class
gift so we going oh lordy lordy one look
at you sexy at 4040
yes employ to this fellow say hello and
then he shows laughing like you is Elmo
yes their play I do it quite dr put a
Lincoln in the air that's a high side
hahaha it will make you grab some a man
came to the park mature sees loved ones
but I'm sorry he was shy this is a man
when you see if I'm worried like the guy
says to get laid one week tonight and
it's like oh no no no fine yeah over
we've been to like five different
restaurants wall plus food tour bus
everything ok wait until you want this
or do you have the time don't you
 turn this on me behind a series
don't you turn this on me
swear swear I'm getting déjà vu as if
I've already been here with someone
already wait this dish is actually that
good that it's like a 9.5 seriously
seriously good like the fish like the
toffee or things seasoned with a
seasoned trim oh my god incredible
it just has to be done Uschi oh we were
supposed to be going getting on the
whole balloon and after we just said
we've never been on one before
oh okay dad
rebels how do we get up there well we
obviously have to climb the rope up to
it and not fall and not die we could do
this yay well I guess if no one else is
getting on it we've got our own ride
again let's say an act we're gonna doing
a good job of this little fun to say
every time we've been on a boat we got
it to ourselves we got on buses we get
it to ourselves
now I'm gonna friggin a balloon all to
ourselves
I can't hold on scared oh really
no bud right sure
okay hold on to the handle rails you're
gonna feel some motion
all right
hey papa woman bye
you don't think it feels pretty normal
on the glamour
okay gonna go up a little bit faster
Oh
Oh gear change
oh we can move we can wonder no way I'm
not hey you better move or I'll push you
can see all the pot that is brilliant
they're building like a whole new thing
I'm gonna drop my phone off there I
swear to God big-ass bucket hey let go
let go let go
high-five
see more poor thing she won't like it
right okay let go cup your hands you can
do this I just like nowhere to go I
don't know there was no I didn't get out
on camera
what was that I was even a nice clap
that was a tap either way I made up chop
you just walk around this thing was like
free to walk around is the captain
you're the cab I'm the captain now I'm
the captain now
I'm throwing you off it over what what
boarding about for us to get down for me
like what does it say down normal what
about emergency escape Lex that's where
we just eaten down there there's the
boathouse super super nice and then
above us kind of really weird to look up
and see that you look down it's not bad
at all I feel like totally safe but when
I look up I feel like I'm gonna fall off
something I've not even attached to
almost down
she's facetiming you were going down
what an experienced little super cool
apparently there's like 60 70
mile-per-hour winds sometimes oh it's
all over the place at school
unfortunately not this time wasn't a
roller coaster it was just a nice
relaxing that's relaxing right
anakata way it's not gasified it's
healing nobody iris thought about it was
scary the skill scary for myself out of
the plane eight times that was not scary
ah it was awesome you'll be surprised we
totally don't have an entire bus to
ourselves again Wow she saw a cockroach
to say you're this girl who paints
herself as this badass light character
and this this or not to say you're
scared of a cockroach is pretty pathetic
oh really that's why you're just running
away Oh
fasting total guts when yesterday's vlog
didn't much to find a hot tub or a pulse
that absolutely suck so just end up as
without God bed so the most guys thank
you very much watching today's vlog
thank you for sticking with me and not
getting involved with any drama if you
just enjoy and watching the vlogs I'm
just trying to get on with everything
and putting out a statement tomorrow
about everything that's going down so
Zoey loves you guys faces and I will see
you in the next vlog 6 p.m. tomorrow at
it
