oh my goodness ladies and gentlemen Luke
Jesus tits McGee
we've got three hour drive now to get
home this is exactly what on video right
now oh my gosh jet ski racing fuck yes
okay the Luke cancer explained well dice
it's the best dog ever
that's digit look she's a sweetheart
shut up smarter than you are it probably
is plus these trees this is the smoke
from the fires in LA I will not see you
in a month I 58 but kept yourself thanks
for driving look after the dog that's
alright I think I've got everything
ready to rock and roll it's gonna be
difficult with having no car but I'm
gonna get over to the airport now
the apartment is ready to leave rock and
roll we've done its own and one actually
interesting thing today is the day I'm
leaving the apartment and today's the
day the balloon finally ran out of air
and landed itself but I'm gonna leave it
in return
goodbye Los Angeles once my life
actually turned up to the airport one
time I'd like to go like two hours so
I'm gonna get through secured it goes to
the lounge and chill the fuck out come
on take it I'm ready to rock and roll
should go smoothly from this point out
Wow okay this is the queue this security
line isn't it aids myself like some more
I'm curious which is pretty cool it's
actually really nice firm however it's
quite in cilantro which I'm allergic to
but I'm not hungry I'm eating it I mean
this bad boy here it was like mushroom
like yesterday's antics and just the
chaos of why yes it was that like I'm
willing to eat cilantro just so I've got
food in my system cuz
sauce did but golly hour-and-a-half to
wait until my flights light ready to
leave so we're rockin and rollin perfect
London Heathrow new time 10:00 p.m.
delayed that was pretty awesome I was
the one Jedi just a lie on my phone edit
my vlog and I looked up and you're like
you know when you can tell that you're
being me be watched
I looked up and there's a guy staring at
me I was like you okay but just kind of
like we look at each other like you okay
didn't say if it did say anything if I
could be your youtubers like yeah it
freaked out so Darcy your name was
pleasure to meet you have a flight say
to Australia and hopefully I will see
you and I mean Australia one day oh my
gosh mom
this song is something I believe you
used to jam out to all the time I don't
know what it's called but was definitely
a first and two months sat down there on
the floor I walk past and they noticed
me but Wow and the guy looked to me when
you jacksepticeye and I just went one on
the Irish tour don't have green hair and
then his brother was like you idiot it's
indica but a weird world they can
literally brand frozen on everything
jelly beans Cloverfield Lane yes even
better
and there's another one I'm exhausted
I've got like three more hours left on
this flight to get to London I'm
doubting it was gonna stay awake the
entire duration currently in the
bathroom what's up watched all the films
Zootopia amazing film I really really
like another one of the film's I just
wrote was called Point Break it's like a
crazy sport criminal film like
adventures fuckin awful watch that and I
was like okay pretty shady still on
board that was good and I watch one of
the things I cave even Abajo Cloverfield
the 10 Cloverfield Lane amazing for my
little liberated like 1000 10 times
recommend it
well that's kind of awkward right I
actually have spending money whilst I'm
in the UK now which might seem really
random but because I had brought $100
bill and X I have no credit cards are in
either I just swapped the hundred dollar
bill for British money now I can get
some food understand I really really do
not have long before my actual flight
set off back to Manchester going to get
quick two-minute like in-and-out shower
I gotta leave you safe they didn't have
orange and then we get supply back on
the final leg of the trip home
sweet oh there we go there's a gentleman
and we're doing shower change back into
my show that's rather a joker bottoms
because it's fucking hot darling I'm not
sure what's going on I was expecting ray
and instead nice stop Manchester Oh
Manchester weather's grim everyone's
miserable it is what it is
time in America to that like I feel like
I forgot how to
the rules of the road everything so
dependent born in my car tonight I'm
gonna take it nice oh boy home sweet
home a nice big plump that should look
really good well I don't think the
pastas Pompeians these trees look really
dug damn nice but I'm home get me to bed
I always wondered like do i class this
is like feeling like home and the answer
is a hundred and ten percent yes for the
record that is one big-ass pan jeans
goddamn dog
but there's bay so I think I'm getting
her and drive around for a little bit
because I need some food oh snap I also
actually need to get this vlog right up
and for the record if you're watching
this today what you are doing because
this is going up the same day I'm
filming yet it's currently nearly eight
o'clock so the vlog is uh quite
particularly late already you know two
hours done don't don't don't don't don't
don't don't don't don't
yes God have I miss the baby it might
only be an Audi TT but oh my gosh it's
my first car now with that said it
absolutely stinks in here and I'm not
sure what of or how it smells but it
smells I guess it's just stagnant air I
don't think the cars been turned on or
like moved in for months my dad sounds
gone now which is back thank gosh and
got some new neighbors actually you know
what I think we were all little baby
lumps when we were last day but now it
all fully grown so I got an army of
sheep that gonna be my alarm clock every
fucking morning so that's kind of cute
excuse me sir okay it's alright I like
running looking at my phone edit my vlog
look home and then I just see a smart
car rolled out in Canada bed
it's now 9 o'clock at night because this
geezer came to visit man we'll catch you
up shine you bugger off you so I'm just
gonna wrap up today's vlog guys because
I need to stop this vlog right now and
then just get it uploaded cuz it's so
good that way so I apologize for this
being late I
back in UK for a while now I'm going to
try and see you walk you about planning
the I think it's Lands End to John
O'Groats I'm pretty sure that's the two
tips of England so I really really want
to do that so it could be a cool little
adventure but nonetheless I'm super
tired super jet-lagged and I'm going to
bed and hopefully nice and fresh in the
morning so until then thank you for
watching good bye Ken see ya yep there
you go
