oh that's a brat ass son three o'clock
in the afternoon right now I have done
nothing all day I have got oh my god
there's a fire in the background what
the hell that's a pretty big fire as
well I would say maybe a forest fire way
off in the distance but it looks like
it's all up in the hills I'm gonna
google it real quick and see what the
fuck is going on this shit you see by
the side of the roads is pretty
incredible in LA last time it was so
further than it was a table no it's a
baby see I'm just gonna shooting out
these kids losing their shit in front of
me you're all playing Pokemon girl
because they all stop jumping up and
down screaming so I'm just gonna check
the app to see what's in the area it may
be a rare Pokemon I had to return to my
new favorite chicken spot mm-hmm this
place got a nine out of ten last time
I'll link about ten like god damn now
this isn't messing around what so ever
I got boneless chicken strips this skip
fries gravy oh my god has caught ray
rock and roll for San Diego comic-con
can't wait for it actually we okay with
a haircut yeah Thaksin
back at it again with this smoking all
walled off with a smokey cocktail
she is obeyed nage yo give me that honey
I'm gonna do the V you do the anak wait
B no B n so we're at boa just eaten some
food
everything's great Sonya's phone is
about to die so she used an app called
postmates to get someone to go to a shop
501 these battery pack and the Samsung
charger so this is the world we live in
were eatin dinner having drinks and
she's ordered this and when she ordered
it the person said to her are you buying
this the Pope won't go so this is the
person the Pokemon go it's definitely
for Pokemon girl oh my god did you get
the good stuff
what'd you get - oh yeah she got the
wrong cable ID Sonia I just realized she
got the wrong cable
I just realized she got a USB extender
the world we live in I
quick yeah back wait does it do the
upper cable with it this like wait what
so you can use that low but it's just
really small no we jinxed it would
jinxed it with the whole the will live
in and now you don't have the right
cable foot sticks if you like him in GTA
5 with weird masks with this can
actually buy this right now I walk out
wearing it like it why can't I buy
weight somewhat off you found like clean
mini-me pokey for quite a bit okay
yeah well that's great knowing yet what
the fuck mice are so many fucking
glasses very nice wolf this is no no
let's now look down look down I'm gonna
Fester
not just Sonya yeah no okay one fabulous
darling but first of all ignore the
babies they have white Michael Jackson
as well as why Michael Jackson then no
judgment okay so what else have you got
this well I'm actually debating these
let's see them yeah let's do are you
gonna work it no this Michael Jackson is
really really detailed wait wait Sonya
but you nailed it so what's this
character called this is Tom syndicate
go fuck yourself on it you pledged
yourself they have more Panda
Buddha pig cook pigeon Izrael peas what
the hell
and then you've got grasshopper weird
whatever that is and then another Buddha
you ain't got shit you ain't got shit on
white Michael Jackson look at him
looks amazing love it you found some new
glasses work it now that's terrifying a
night I'm gonna show it to yourself
thoughts wait maybe you need a heart no
I don't know that no oh God thank you
think it no works you'll like your watch
you look like you're wearing like a
cardboard cutout via the Sonya we look
ridiculous
oh yeah okay yeah I'm looking through
the slit where are your eye holes
oh right cool do this no I'm wearing a
jumper I think I'm wearing a freeze
jacket and when it's not the girls is
this a closed jacket so one of the
comments said this is good jacket please
tell me I decided to get a panda head
because it was like the most comfortable
on plastic thing ever oh wait this is
the thumbnail you tubers gone wild in
the hood in Tokyo I mean where are we
Little Tokyo yeah so apparently they
were down here so trying we need to spot
them we need to find Jordan and then try
and walk past him with the masks on
without him noticing it scissors however
can eat you up but but they need to not
know it's ours even though I'm wearing
my shorts and my shoes
we'll say you like it now I know why I
can jack it you're all my best they're
all fluffy as bad as yourself
this jacket is challenging something
else man what are you wearing you can't
give me shit about wearing weird shit
do you guys realize it was those
straightaway I heard your voice I think
you know is it how you know is as a curb
weight we're gonna walk past
diplays yourself Oh God
what's up boys what the fuck kiss me Oh
kiss me
we just got out drop two hundred dollars
on outfits for you guys this is what you
call Pokemon hunting you know Tokyo wait
it's Oh Jimmy yeah well you didn't know
it was those did you I act if you I was
like the mammoth that's Tom we got
husband sparkles it was just a prank bro
bro we had no know you guys will
experiment ever did your digital any
idea that it was us
no no clue we thought it was just some
brand coming son you gave it away by
saying hello can you please can you
please played yourself name this video
youtubers get pranked LM achievement
wait youtubers get warm pranks and you
go like this and then they're like oh
wait right wait let's make this is now
gonna be the thumbnail how have you
appreciated taking on the life of the
Panda I feel connected to my roots I
ever have considering I am hey okay
let's I didn't say you did I said
exactly long as you said it is fine you
know wait where's the pug you can't you
can't hold the pug someone needs to wear
the pug pug life didn't choose you you
chose pug luck I want to see diesel wear
it
can you put the Hat on top of the pug
you're gonna keep that zipped up all
that looks weird that looks so weird
yeah that's not right
no no
your Starbucks this is where this book
yeah take it tape is there a way for you
to drink it with a hat on if you're the
nose hose full you actually able to
drink it now mister there's a hole in
the mouth no there's not coming oh sure
okay that's just just looks wait put
your hood up put your hood up help a guy
know right this is gonna wid ya welcome
to GTA everyone you're gonna skip people
are gonna be pok√©mon hunter and losing
their shit over this wait what's this
what's this T shit your way you're not
wearing well what's this t-shirt what's
this t-shirt that's pretty cool these
are wants to t-shirt you're wearing what
is this what what is this
when well what did you laughing branding
dude I love you the gold one - you know
what lion one I have the gold mine
this Y is the homie yeah I know I don't
want to go my oh my god you all played
yourselves days only cool guy though
it's been all Sinise well that guy's not
wearing a shit right now so I don't know
how to feel about either way it is what
it is I can't believe what I'm hearing
wait Sonia what did you do Sonia what
did you do I traded the Pug mask for a
USBC cable it happened
it looks so sad was it worth it was it
worth it all this is not turning on you
got you you got scammed of a broken
cable I shot your blade yourself it
makes sense for us to find a bar in
Little Tokyo and there be a karaoke in
it and a way I was hoping for a
high-pitched scream to be the cherry on
the cake there but we've got squad Quad
Squad taking tree farm I drew bon soir
I'm gonna catch more STDs so now we've
got we've got like the one place that's
completely empty we're here playing
Pokemon having a drink these guys in the
background there's just three of us just
fucking going for and I absolutely love
it for much you brought gifts
Oh what up to get rid of the mass oh ma
Shh was this Pikachu
oh it's a drink what the fuck where did
you get this
yes whoa whoa whoa where's mine where's
my gift after she gives away your mask
come on Sonia go fuck yourself
this is mine
straight savagery and pop it down yeah
you put the bottle down and then you
drink it and it's free you played
yourself man you fucked yourself
this guy is killing the game right now
looking down see I love this guy we made
it back home to the apartment it does
look like a marshmallow on my head until
you put it on and I get to wear it so
it's like so toast what's up man welcome
to my crib this is the apartment this is
how it rolls oh my god no aah I told it
forgot all my all my stuff needs taking
out the washing lips Empire it may have
cost like $50.00 but I swear to gosh I'm
probably get so much use of this punt
actually saying that this probably I'm
gonna get so much use out of this panda
head whilst laying bed it is not a good
combination
but either way today has been awesome
it's been good to catch up with everyone
and play pokemon go again like I do love
the game but I'm getting very very
tedious of it like it becomes like this
thing of I'm level 20 now so it takes me
like a hundred thousand XP to rank up to
my next level which takes hours and
hours and hours and I know any video
game that you play takes forever but I
love the whole vibe of Pokemon go but
I'm just not interested until tradings
in it I'm not interested in till battle
ends in it I'm not interested into
anything like the extra features are
gonna roll out is into it so it just
really really sucks to me so the way I
went around doing it is you guys saw my
Twitter I made the actual Twitter
account poker stops daily so I'm
accepting screenshots from everyone in
anyone and just posting them on Twitter
and that's keeping me satisfied like I
got a submission of someone being like a
naked woman in the bush a poker stop
called Fred which was actually not a guy
it was a girl just naked made out of
Nell and a bush again I don't know why
Pokemon go has like an obsession with
statues being naked in bushes and
photorec oh these were not actually
really naked women it was statues that
are like just not wearing clothes so I
think so it is what it is I just decided
to randomly just make this twitter
account and it sucks because I've been
growing a Twitter account and it's been
fun to see it grow as like a natural
thing because with the whole like drama
that's going on recently I don't really
want to get attached to something that
people gonna feel like upset about me
being involved with bought it Israel is
I'm being completely transparent of I
made a Twitter account just dedicated to
Pokemon go yes I'm a Pokemon go nerd and
that's how I want to keep it so if you
guys have got some fun submissions of
poke
Oh stops and you taught one a tweet what
you want to twat and you basically want
to just send them in to get tweeted out
from the Twitter account that if I've
got spare time and I get your tweet and
I see it I'll save it screenshot and
tweet out so you'd be able to see when
it goes live and stuff but she's a fun
random account that felt like making and
hopefully you guys enjoy I try and pick
the best ones out so there's no point
like screenshot in one that's like my
neighborhood shop like that's not funny
like the ones I've been retweeted I like
a guy fighting naked babies or the woman
in the bush naked and that such it just
something like funny and catchy I just
want to see how the Twitter account
could do so I just want to keep it with
a Pokemon go community so if you have no
intention of liking Pokemon go there
there's no point for you to like you
know like get involved with it or
anything but if you look pokemon girl
then hopefully we can make it funny to
her account and share out some good
moments with people so just want to
share that with you guys I'm gonna be
going to bed now because it's like 3
o'clock in the fucking morning and
everyone's been playing Pokemon go
meanwhile I've been fucking look at
Pokemon go stops but yeah so I'm gonna
go to bed so Comic Con is gonna be
starting kind of tomorrow cuz I catch
the train to go down there which should
be a long-ass journey unless I decided
to get the car with Luke watching either
way that's what it is
I'll be down at Comic Con from tomorrow
until Sunday so if you're down at Comic
Con I'll see you guys faces there thank
you very much for watching this vlog
can't wait to meet your faces the
meetups and stuff like that again if I'm
really drunk or hungover you will not
see me at all but hey if you're 21
floors you may find me in a bar but Tom
does not drink alcohol so I got don't I
don't know what you guys are talking
about so until tomorrow thank you very
much for watching I catch you guys later
and I house
