damn son look at those things looking
nice and shining like they're brand new
it's super late in the day right now
it's currently 4 o'clock so it's kind of
kind of late bought shouldn't make a
difference because apparent this one
goes down pretty late today so going to
rooftop bar kicking back getting some
drinks and showing out his friends that
uber drivers ship is the coolest super
drive ever had he's picked me up like
six different times super cool dude like
picks him up from my apartment
he knows like all about my life he knows
what I'm up to all that start stuff
absolutely any watches a blog so ship if
you're watching this you're a home well
you know we spent all day both 100 time
to have a margarita kick back and uh
order some food and enjoy some fucking
good weather I'm so not so not looking
forward to go back to the UK right now
well this is much better we got upgraded
from the little chairs to the full side
table yeah oh we're joined with rocky
and miss Stuart mr. Berg lad mr. Bernard
over here dude you look so bad on camera
I don't look so odd okay so all I would
advise is just put it on the sunburn
areas not anywhere else and try and get
sunburn on the non sunburn areas yeah
and what what happen with you at Foot
Locker I get kicked out for videotaping
just woman who is like prepping heat and
he got kicked out the vlogging dude she
was prepping the mannequin and it looked
like she was like giving Heimlich
maneuver
and I was like okay this is perfect hey
it's okay you had your first tell
affects rear-engine vlogging happens it
happens ah this is exactly that I wanted
to be like no but four o'clock super
late in the afternoon and it was like
probably not going to go into the pool
but I like no I definitely I'm doing it
I'm doing it got myself a watermelon
refreshing beverage don't even like
watermelon look you know whatever just
go click back here for four more hours
until the Sun Goes Down and then be
super super super super super sunburned
come on Minnie come on lads
is it getting off work come on oh no is
this a room no wait you having a lot we
literally just said we're a swimming
pool having drinks and food and you turn
up without swim stuff so it takes us
this guy this guy
I got him c-bro and before you knew it
absolutely everyone had left apart from
myself mini large okay that looks like
what today has been exactly what I
wanted to do come to the pool
kick back just enjoy being in the Sun
I'm so sick of being in my apartment it
absolutely is driving me crazy so it's
nice just be out about the hairs turn to
potato mode
I want to hope I've got some Sun today
and the one thing I have to question
though is that don't understand why
women wear chokers just don't think I'll
ever understand it it was from the
nighty night is it's made a comeback
y'all need to work out what the fuck is
going on with your lives and explain
what the fuck this is just tell him it
looks hot it doesn't no you look like a
12 year old
what and for the record everyone was
saying that me being mean to you is not
gonna get me a girlfriend she's a
lesbian he's a dick
but this is Brittany she's awesome mr.
Roffe waffles if you're watching this I
need you to trance on Twitter miss Roffe
waffles this screenshot right here and
tell him to translate this right now
that you can't spoil it no spoilers this
is exactly where I would spend my
afternoon
good times John and good times many good
times apart from you lost your socks and
your some guys I'm everything in the
world so Fox the worst thing ever
all right good times man this is great
so got 660 bar awesome
the group has for you and you at the Oh
a restaurant what are you getting from
mistake what you again what are you
getting what are you
he and so we got that magic your name
I'm gonna cover the food I'm going out
look at that
oh whoa what is this this really make a
salad yes
Aquarius event okay cool so how many
hours heat restriction no cilantro I
don't think this is cilantro do sell but
yeah yeah scallops
we got crowd we got fuzzy got fries I
don't need a side fine walk Tom you're
never gonna have a girlfriend
why why do you trick yo this guy's do
magic shit what is this
this guy's a wizard these guys a whip do
people usually film you making they go
okay you're now on the youtubes you
ready you this is step by step garden
Ramsey style bit of pepper pepper pepper
speaking of he's actually sitting over
there
what fun rooms is here yeah okay totally
gonna turn off my camera turn off the
flash to not look suspicious oh oh my
god I couldn't make that shit up I could
not have made that shit up dude have you
made this all tonight I write damages
for his yeah I do not know what I'm fun
buying so much right now I don't even
watch cooking shows that much but like
everyone in England knows who got runs
use kitchen nightmare dude wait we gotta
film this guy though
we don't care about him we care about
this guy you're killing it it goes in
the game
this is a wizard shit what we need some
flash backup oh my gosh the game your
speed demon wait fell over the bone that
smells amazing
thank you you guys better read this
otherwise you're gonna get slayed where
you stand
that's a threat okay
oh damn croutons Doh wait what was that
unknown that looks pretty good yeah that
looks pretty good but you know it looks
about that looks pretty good
II wait what wait I went to Facebook you
instead you picked up the entire steak
and just took a bite out of it that's
pretty good yes yes yes yes yes
cookies with religious nom is it where
is it soft yeah Oh fine wait that's us
well you actually let me do that mini
like before ha come back so we walked
into this restaurant sat on that and
they held the dogs to one and these two
guys recognized me it turns out it's
actually Hunter's birthday I'm John with
Aiden as well so I just want to wish you
a happy birthday you said you wanted to
be the vlog as well so hey you're in it
happy birthday oh my goood other food
pleasure to meet you fellas look after
yourselves guys psychology zombies at
all what's your highest round three okay
so you guys are beating me already so
I'm just gonna go and continue on my
food and I'm gonna start watching your
guys YouTube videos for a living is that
okay alright look after self pies so
next time right cuz I'm like a grown at
all sort of thing I'm now doing my
bedding my bedding I'm doing I'm normal
bedding and uh making sure I have
someone to sleep through that I ate a
whole one o'clock in the morning because
that's how you become a troll doll doing
it all yourself dad if you want to fly
out Drella and do for me that'd be great
thanks know whatever lie took me half an
hour to get my brand new bedding on
because oh my days some reason I did it
the most difficult way possible but oh
my gosh does it feel good to be fresh in
bedding ahaha
but nonetheless ladies and gentleman I
look like a potato I have my derpy ass
name oh by my side and I am going to bed
so thank you very much for watching if
you enjoyed the vlog make sure to click
that like button share with your friends
and subscribe because I make new daily
vlogs every single day because it's a
daily goddamn vlog I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. UK time for the next
one so thanks for watching I'll see you
guys soon we're going up to comic-con
soon which should be a really really
cool adventure exciting we're going down
with Ruby Dee we've got two parties that
were going to host that show that should
be going down sweet
and then after Comic Con I'm going to be
going back to the UK for about three or
four months so are you excited is is
like oh yeah
