oh my goodness BAE I tithe is anything
but nonetheless this is how it looks
like the hotel got robbed but I had to
do this sort of charge it would stand up
so it would work managed to just get a
breakfast order then once that comes and
go back to sleep I look like a potato
I'm super tired but nonetheless I fought
it off all English breakfast and I could
not freaking wait though much food oh my
goodness oh my goodness oh my goodness
yes you saw like five minutes later I
managed to eat two sausages a few of
those one slice of that kind of and
maybe not the rest of it nonetheless
this hit the jackpot completely I'm
gonna finish it off with a nice pot of
hot chocolate
how you feeling we win the night thank
you for bringing my stuff for me I
appreciated you any food so much fucking
food it's ridiculous
that's the makeup ah that's something
stylist I can make a logo on that
balloon and the queue for this pack goes
all the way around it like absolutely
crazy so luckily we're going to the
Cheesecake Factory Steph this is me
first stepping outdoors today and it's
nearly nine o'clock at night yeah I have
got my priorities in check here we are
on the hunt for chocolate milk one
ginger needs the chocolate milk well we
find it this is one yeah that's it yeah
I don't want any more
I want something refreshing also
refreshing drink go to the Cheesecake
Factory set all the food they set oh my
days
they didn't say would be this much these
are amazing they're amazing they're
amazing
I don't know them before why why are so
many pickles just because this is an
amazing idea
this guy's YouTube channel youtube.com /
kidnap everyone go to his latest video
and say syndicate send you everyone go
and do it I have no idea what they do
I've no idea who they are but go and
show them some world 2 o'clock in the
morning I completely fell asleep again
again my hotel room and now my sleep
schedule is just a thousand percent
ruined because I was supposed to go out
to the make a party after the Cheesecake
Factory I supposed to go there eat food
come back get changed go out kind of
fell asleep really really disappointed
that I actually didn't manage to get out
to the pie I was supposed to go to hang
out with everyone I got like so many
texts everyone being like well yeah
compact compact pie and yeah woke up at
like half-past no half past one and all
bars and my like stuff like close at
2:00 a.m. serving alcohol in that way
but they closed down early so they can
be closed for to record it's
unfortunately I missed it so it's just a
night in me name-o and his little ass
fin and I'm gonna watch all the rest of
the episodes of Vikings before I travel
back to LA to night today
and then when I'm back in LA I am going
to a huge house party in the hills so
that should be pretty dumb interest I
just can't do it I cannot go to sleep
when it's in my side yes I have curtains
but I just can't go to sleep
it's 6:30 why the hell is this team so
it's 6:30 in the morning right now that
is completely not acceptable
I've been reading fun mail from you
awesome people that gifted at me at
VidCon but like I said the Sun has risen
and I may have had no sleep whatsoever
so since the yesterday's day of get up
at 7 p.m. it's now 6 a.m.
I've been awake for 11 hours I'm just
not tired so I'm not going to bed I'm
traveling back to Iowa by packing up all
this shit and getting on with my day I
cannot be are sitting around
it's literally driving me insane just
like that Pike took ReadyTalk apart from
name oh come on you retired last look at
this look at him it's beautiful
okay so cute much wild many press bet
birthday present ever
okay it's not gonna work cutest birthday
present ever packed up ready girl let's
rock and roll it's completely my own
fault I ended up doing nothing today so
I can't blame him anyone therefore I'm
just making the most of the day
life's too short make the most of it and
by the way great tangent if you guys
wanna get one of these shows as a tank
top that'll be a link down in the
description
Seneca bridge no calm just release them
okay so someone pie that hard that they
raka raka did you sneak into the pool
again I just thought about this he may
have snuck into the pool again and left
to tell them god damn elevator
I could've drugged him fresh orange
juice thank you very much and then
you've got my own homemade tea it says
English tea so and we're trying to make
it and see if this is successful this
actually might be the fanciest tea bag I
have ever seen in my life it's almost
like velvety what right so what I did I
just liked all this put it in and I
think this is what water
I'm assuming it's hot water please be
out hot water I'm a nailing it oh my
gosh I'm so British I'm so British yes
step two we add the milk or cream isse
oh no I made a mistake I'll have two tea
bags Dylan no please don't tell me I
just ruined that cup of tea
what could it's cool I should be fuckin
embarrassed there's a cup of tea tastes
like the best thing you're coming down
this early fresh bacon I don't like
hashbrowns oh hush potato book this is
corned beef hash potato so I'm going to
try and see what it's like early
that's pretty good
I'd give this breakfast the seven out of
ten pretty good I did however make a
huge mistake of eating it way too fast
and way too much all right David my you
the driver you should be around here
somewhere where are you at super random
just about jump in my cab
and all of a sudden channel down below
oh dude thank you Destin there was
absolutely awesome I got really really
old whelmed won because I just got my
cap to I just met someone I like watch
on YouTube for so damn long and I did
not expect to bump into me caught me as
I was getting into the cab or the reason
why I say he's so good is I'm gonna link
down below to the one video where
there's a bicycle rather than riding it
like normally like you know you push
left you go right so I think you push
right you go what it does the opposite
so if you push left you actually go left
and he did a video of like learning to
ride this bike and then the way that he
learned to ride this like backwards bike
he forgot how to ride a normal bike so
it's a really really mind-bending video
and he's got tons of videos like that
and he explains like how it works why it
works and all that sort of stuff so I'll
put that down below show him some love
honestly amazing dude I actually got
really really overwhelmed that it was
him like this no sleep didn't help well
like if I knew he was at VidCon I would
definitely try to hang out with him
rather than just being like Simon hotel
room like half a trip doing absolutely
nothing sir oh I got the big key that
means I got a prize well not a prize it
means someone sent me something big
enough to not fit in my pillow
but what swiggity swag I'm coming for
you debt I don't know why I just said
that and I don't want it means well I
got a huge ass package it feels
comfortable
therefore I'm thinking it's syndicate og
swag and if it is yeah 82 degrees cuz
that's not hot as balls or anything
come on spit I need one of these white
suit cases that follows you a tronic
list on how to drag this thing
this is actually really convenient if it
is syndicate regional clothing because I
did just pimp out the fact that we
brought out a load a new syndicate
hoodlum swag like recently and yes I'm
opening this the most difficult way ever
but if this is all it is the goji swag
go down in description guys you'll find
syndicate original if you've never
bought us in the Kogi shirt trust me you
won't one they're amazing look at all
this swag oh my oh my gosh the blue
royal looks so good
life's too short and white this shirt
just came out Oh origins and why origins
and black origins and black life - Shaw
and black origins and white life's too
short and blue and white oh my gosh so
good and what is this sexual I can't see
any of the partner now you can oh my
days that is so sick we did bring these
out a long time ago but we sold out like
within 28 minutes so we got them back in
stocks if you want to get one of these
hoodies let me lay it out look at it you
want to get one of these guys they're
available if they're not sold out again
of all these current new designs you got
guys which is your favorite is it life's
too short
origins or the Royal design I want you I
want you guys leave a comment down below
let me know oh my gosh that actually
looks perfect
I know it's two different t-shirts but
look at it it looks like the one same
lion this is absolutely insane Phantom
wad is streaming on Twitch I don't know
how long he's been streaming for but
he's at eleven thousand six hundred four
subscribers in a row I just read
sometime to keep his hype train going
book oh my goodness that is absolutely
incredible I think yeah he did $100,000
worth of csgo weapons as a giveaway and
that encounter win stuff I think had to
subscribe 11 fucking thousand Magnus not
quite sure how I intend on getting to
sleep at this time in the day when it's
this bright outside and my room is like
a doctor's office or a dentist
appointment office right now but
nonetheless I'm gonna try and get to
sleep guys so thank you very much for
watching today's vlog I'm sorry it was
like random and I'm sick of apologizing
for vlogs where I like don't go out and
do much but it just consists of like the
whole
meets thing in watching a TV show ruins
my sleep pattern ruins my day and the
vlog ends up being a potato so good try
and stop doing that and if it doesn't
but I guess that introducing like doing
a Q&A or something like that or doing
like a snapchat reaction like video in
the Q&A sorry in the vlogs just try and
like do something more on days where I'm
actually doing nothing so I let me know
what you guys think if you were to
follow me on snapchat you guys know
where to find me all the stuffs in the
description and until tomorrow thank you
very much for watching I catch you guys
later
adios
