just found one of the most amazing poker
go stops ever a spongebob USPS box okay
today's the day I'm gonna go and get
some running shoes so I'm gonna go to
like Foot Locker on my car something and
get some running trainers get into
running as a way just to get me out the
house even more to catch even more
Pokemon because by the time I get back
to the UK I won't be the same level or a
higher level than alley a pivot is done
washes on drives about to be on and can
I just point out this is one of the best
songs ever you never heard of it go on
listen on Google search on youtube
search ecstasy of gold
amazing amazing track it just makes me
think of Red Dead Redemption days
syndicate original responds a choice
black and silver and red and black hair
yams put this bad up well it's not
exactly black and silver it's black and
gray and then black and red that was the
simple way of saying I totally wish I
was blogging that someone just drove
past my cells that traffic light and
this stuff she was like don't you make
Pokemon go YouTube videos as I yeah I
was like yeah I just been watching them
all on this area
it's like must be all the people who
live in the area watch me playing
Pokemon was just watch me playing it
that's really fucking cool these guys
just took a tower literally just heard
them talking about how they just took it
over which is this tower here so I'm
waiting to loop to come over because now
I've gotten a thousand ranked Pokemon
we're both gonna try and take this tower
down because we're team mystic not team
red let's check out oh that's that's a
pretty good match for mine because if
you look at my pok√©mon my two higher
level so I'm gonna wait for Luke and I'm
gonna take this tower down Oh are you
ready you ready takers bitch down let's
do it do it do it right here in the
shade getting some shit all right yeah
right next to it wow they powered up so
- yeah - bit a group of people just walk
past talk about taking it and I'm there
like ya mean leave we're gonna rock the
shit - what's your highest level now
it's not much higher than I mean I have
it let me see mine what is it
look I evolved a 400 last night and it
went 2-1 1202 yeah rekt we were
successful they didn't manage to take
down our gym we can reign successful
once more I want to know where this
pokemon is how do you track the location
of where it is watch leave it cuz some
watch watch watch Isis how we do it we
can do this together well someone said
you've got if you would anymore yeah
someone said if you look in the
direction it's apparently pink dream
I've never seen it
that's right there well it's inside SUNY
studios are Sunni in same junior studios
well Luke probably gonna get arrested
for walking in there trying to catch
pokemon I have no idea how far away this
thing is so most likely probably I'm
going to catch it
hey we only just walked away from that
gym and someone's attacking it instantly
so we're gonna stall here for a second
and see if it'd be X if they do what
we're gonna instantly take it back if
it's a blue meaning of they're just
gonna have another that's true that's
true for we're hoping that we can main
champion
attacker in we go check it again we're
back to the best restaurant in all of LA
we get 10% off yep we're going taking
this
oh man that absolutely sucks we saw my
Pokemon get beat and then Luke pokeman
was still there and lo and behold
personally just beat us has got a canine
with one three six five
Luke we can't let this happen we have to
leave this place immediately and go and
take it back we're gonna eat it's in
okay yeah well we'll eat regenerate and
then take you back bitches this is why
the bag is useful to charges me and Luke
we ain't running out of battery my
gaming one I got ammo free on the back
of it so that ain't running out about
remember yeah we're good plus I've got
I've got two extra movies in there and
another charging pack to other charging
packs in there well I'm a professional
course at here just like chillin out
eating food and these two lads water
passing I like talking his phrases about
Pokemon so I was playing it and like
there's a sign outside talking about
Pokemon so his culture ends doing do
that for like 15 20 minutes almost this
one kid just kept staring at my shoulder
because I've got a cynical logo that
kept staring it staring at stereo and
the kids right there and I was just like
you okay like he didn't say anything to
do know me for my videos don't recognize
me or anything but it's just like why
have you got a syndicate t-shirt on ours
live
cuz I'm syndicate lost his shit so I'm
gonna get his address now and time that
I'm gonna give him a syndicate t-shirt
for free so I think that says more money
myself there y'all just get all the
details it's shipping a free shirt and
say thank you for recognizing syndicate
regional swag
okay this escalates even more so
wait so you were driving past Sami
oh it's dragon then I push back up and
just to say hello yeah hey well thank
you very much watching videos where I
appreciate you're now in the vlog that's
awesome well thank you just call it like
a 6 4 or 670 is something like from the
iodine things gonna go two thousand
easily it could be like a 1400 what you
only be like 700 he just cracked oh you
know I thought before either huh
oh this give me high
oh you're gonna bomb on it throne Hall
okay dude you actually look like
genuinely effective why just evolved so
this doesn't make sense to make any
sense hey mom hey every Bend of it so
this area is just getting intense as
hell right now there's three lunar
modules down and I look up Luke left me
and he's crossed the road over there so
we can get in between all of them to
catch as many Pokemon as possible like
what a great guy man in the wild returns
let's see if he came back with anything
successfully so what did you get I
didn't get them you know it oh it was a
failure of a trip hey it's okay I have
surprise I got a seven hundred like
t-bone or whatever it could be worse
right alright it's official I'm quitting
my job
as a youtuber and I'm gonna become a
postman alright a mailman is your
Americans call it and I'm going to
travel all around the city catching all
the fucking dopest sickest Pokemon ever
and before you know it I'm gonna be the
next
Ash Ketchum syndicate ketchup is gonna
be my name sketch up skip
hashtag sketch from the comments boys
made what the fuck
in the world is that thing what
what I've never seen that book before in
my life
whoa what is that you guys know yet yeah
basically it's a huge it all is gonna ko
it Oh missed and now it's living in your
ceiling somewhere rip Oh make a cable
right it just right yeah mg drink and
we'll try catch it
oh maybe this is real life Kapooka catch
it ready go Oh gotta catch em all
Pokemon what is it fucking green and you
what is he it's gonna find its way out
unless you get this like no hey oh no a
phone is back wait we're gonna save it
you are the true Pokemon catcher John
you just call down your life got him if
Shawn implements can let me know what
that is because Luke just caught a real
live Pokemon I'm going as a Bulbasaur
sweaty I got a care tomorrow
may his pissed is pissed
oh my god that's so beautiful yes can't
predict a league of their own
this guy's playing Pokemon I'm pretty
sure that is a fucking poke ball on that
guy's hand and this one is just being
rude hitting the Pokemon ball with that
one second let me just load up my
whistle good god dammit my ears are
ringing
so when you get taught to whistle is
like I can whistle in words I can
whistle through my teeth
and I taught myself to do this whistle
which actually nearly got me kicked out
of school because the day I like the
week where I was learning to do it I was
doing this it just didn't it didn't
sound right but I could tell that it was
about to be a whistle and then one day I
was walking past the exam room and it
turned into this
now it's the loudest what I can do is
even louder than do it on my fingers I
can do it on every single finger as well
that's pretty good back outside Sony
Studios oh wait yeah Sony Pictures
Entertainment to take the gym that is
rightfully ass oh there's a snake in the
area there's a snake in my boot okay so
really I actually need ooh that was
terrible
can't catch the ball okay I did yeah
yeah I got a snake the snake is mine in
the back
here's points of Sony will go capture
the gym and we can go home man o wall o
wall run boss fight arena oh I call it
nice all right
trade that motherfucking rig give me
that candy use it for that above Asian
all right I think I can take on the gym
oh oh we got a thousand up in here okay
bring it on you're going down
DG Oh DJ opal get rekt this guy is
quaking in his boots got a super
effective victory Johnson Eaton get hurt
I've nearly got my Ottomans ready as
well but this arcane is taking out my
health like by half light within like
two seconds of every five right I got my
Ultima ready okay go it right hold on
use the auto not very effective it was
an Altima cannot confirm but we kind of
maybe think that that is the upgrade
from Charmander we don't know which
direction to go give it that way that
way or that way so you've got a bit pick
a direction and if it's not there then
we have to go in the opposite direction
trailer I reckon you should go left
let's go let's go left and let's see if
we can find speed yeah we found it wait
we have to catch it wait feed it
raspberry dude I I just fucking orgasm
so hard oh my god this gonna save us so
much time
oh no I didn't throw a fucking master
ball no no no no no no no no please
catch it please catch you please catch
you please catch it please catch it fuck
don't run don't run don't run we've been
driving around for you okay that was
perfect small small ball great ball did
you catch it
it's in there mine's red finds red in
there oh no yes hahahahaha this isn't
funny mine's gonna run okay Oh No
No okay Catholics up is working uh I
fucking just stuck the ball away from me
it's up the ball this is gonna fucking
run right the the hole was as small as
possible
I threw it I said it it's gotta be
friendly no it's got daughter disappear
do it
Oh me and Luke just spent that long
driving round and said like 15 minutes
driving around in circles looking for it
I all sort of just noticed it appear by
the side of road near me and now it's
gone
sorry but whatever was yours for 50
fuck I no need to catch 100 fuckin
charmander's to get a Charmeleon then a
hundred more fucking to them to evolve
to that corn you can get a Charizard
dude how many how many things have you
got you've got 25 well I can just evolve
this no no no no no why would you do
that well no you want to evolve you
Charmeleon no one involved this one cuz
this because that will just keep syria
but that'll just give me the channel
it'll be eight listen you can get a
Charizard quicker but my Charizard no
it's the principle of having a chance I
trust me you want the Charizard no
matter what level it is if you tell
people you have a Charizard Luke you've
got the biggest dick in Pokemon go
you know what Luke enjoy that Pokemon
alright know what enjoy oh well oh well
okay tell you what mate want to see you
in an hour two hours assuming two hours
maybe if you come back with a fuckin
showers out I'm gonna kick you in the
dick well I'll be my computer just
killed itself this is the Windows 10
blue screen of death I have never seen
this before just said my mic wasn't
detected I went to settings to see what
the hell was going on and boom I just
might record a video as well what the
fuck
yes I finally completed the challenge
gets oh well it is a bit but gets around
five by five minutes or like you like it
basically gets around 6 in 5 minutes I
managed to do it so now I should be able
to go and collect the secret Easter egg
wrench so let's forget it it should be
on this wall uh-huh secret ranch epic
well actually classes is a weapon but
really like you can switch to like a
weapon I didn't know what me and Luke be
back out here on the streets right now
is our siesta flights and zombies kick
back done some cool shit and yeah now
we're going take care of it
we're basically drive around la taking
over gyms we're definitely taking over
this gym right now cuz that's what nerds
do yeah like everyone over here is just
come out of like this church group or
something and me and we could just part
torpe looking suspicious as fuck right
now just so he can play pokemon co what
a weird focused on
I happy face all right bye there's a gym
up ahead we've got off the freeway we're
gonna go up to that gym take it over
with B's and continue my journey all
right there we go I managed to take down
the gym my 900 I'd be it but I don't
know whether you have to beat two more
levels now he had three levels
he should basically empty the gym I know
Luke's fighting it but I don't
understand why that doesn't enter the
gym for me now to claim it I'm not too
sure why we lucre just about to like go
driving home trying to look for this and
we've just managed to find if it focuses
nope mate that's not even funny yours is
a thousand minus six nine eight well
let's see if I can capture this set it
the raspberry great ball throw jumped
out plastic another great ball under
fight smell I got a fucking got it you
did my god yeah thank goodness
Dom 600 XP damn son look at this bad boy
added to the registry whoa
Gillman oh the egg is hatching ah man
that's not even that good tell me is it
gonna be a tan oh wow
I was gonna say is it gonna be an all
right level nope 63 think I'm Mikey
bucks I don't if I've got it already
oh oh the other right Jesus back to back
boys back to back and we got oh my god
yeah cuz cuz that's exactly I wanted yep
oh my god this pokemon still lit you
know what mate can't wait to transfer
you gone get the fuck out of here I
won't let me transfer it a little bit
all these people are outside a club bar
actually they're for being in a club in
a bar and I just walked outside and kick
the jammers fuckin ass
I got 350 XP for doing it but the gym
hasn't emptied itself so I'm not too
sure like what that means like you beat
it like you have to beat it twice like
what is it what's the goddamn deal and
there you go we managed to take this gym
as well there's that there's the guy
there's this guy he's just playing with
us and there's Luke in the top place as
well so oh yeah we also still have the
gym that we took over before because my
Pokemon hasn't returned yet that means
we still own it so so far we've got two
gyms under our goddamn Bell Team mystic
for the win
alright boys new gym acquired this one
actually doesn't have anyone obtaining
it right now there was someone just
there we're gonna try and quickly see
honey and snag that mother trucker yeah
this isn't going anywhere no one's gonna
be touching ours forever
Aerodactyl and Luke's up here man who
ever lived in the neighborhood let this
go so easily so thank you mom well that
was easy
managed to take over that gym in seconds
so I'm gonna quickly try and see if I
can add oh I think it already I did it
took for me unless yours Wow Wow
at the eye rectal skirt for the air
attacks when I'm am think so they'll be
kind of hairy dactyl you yeah there was
a level 133 you just took the place we
literally just rolled up in the car and
stole his motherfucker we out here at
the Grove rolling up to the next
location to take a gym we've taken three
gym so far way to rock how's that oh I
think it's a pitcher wait what the fuck
is it oh it's a parasite I just got one
of these out of a 10k egg like that's
not wise thing that focusing really
really I just got my phone out start
recording and I got a goddamn centipede
you know what just cuz I feel like it
I'm evolving it there you go I don't
think I have grated version of it so
this may get me because I've got a lucky
egg on this might give me a lot of XP
people in the wild people in the world
we're gonna get that butter fruit Oh
with what I think I'm ready got this
maybe maybe not maybe
does it have it do I got it oh no
brand-new one yes sweet all right
34 Metapod and we'll keep it right oh
you got another one immediately after
it's so pretty oh my gosh this place is
amazing
oh I forgot tat the screen come on break
I mean I think we're gonna go to cheese
cave back to hopefully and what did Oh
Zubat really and it's just just these
motherfuckers he's not worth it
transfer that bitch rolled up to the
Grove Luke's currently playing these
guys get you watch the videos right you
watch the livestream and stuff well I
appreciate you watching that thank you
for waiting whilst I was kickin some
Pokemon ass and there you go I took over
the gym even though I lost five Pokemon
I still managed to do it that's the
fourth gym we've taken over today pretty
impressed with must ourselves to be
honest like me weaker a pretty good team
right now he's still higher level than
me and got high all the Pokemon but I'm
thinking that just give it a matter of
time maybe two after tomorrow night I
think I can pee let's see bro let's see
what do you fancy
I like Cheesecake Factory I know you
don't like it alright if you find
anywhere else I'll go to anywhere else
whatever kind of food is a proper
Mexican no honestly around here chief
engineer best okay cheesecake thank you
yes
wait that's if there's not like a
five-hour wait yes
level 16 man that helped out so much
alright this Jim are you looking like a
you know what this gym isn't that bad
but because I left my hydrated Pokemon
behind I won't be able to take this this
would be all Luke I will not go into
hell with the situation was well there
you go another gym we're taking down
wicked this is why you're a really good
friend Luke you know what keeps me happy
for sure
oh my gosh oh my god this is Italy's
gift to the world
oh that is that's really good pong me
looks kind of cute Luke
that's cute whereas mine oh oh mm-hmm
bacon pasta no even know what it is when
they just looked amazing almost midnight
right now check out that beast - rolls
rolls in the background they're clearly
driving around collecting Pokemon but
that's exactly what we're about to do we
drive around Hollywood and see you can
find that in your Pokemon some sauce
stuff cuz that's just what you do when
you're in Los Angeles I mean we just
drove through agonal and heard a house
pie and saw people outside a house pie I
mean while me and Luca driving down
alleyways collecting Pokemon go stops
and catching pok√©mon driving around at
4 miles per hour
I'm gone it doesn't get much dirtier
than this my friend that's a fact so
apparently this trick where you rename
an EVs so a name because it's apparently
an easter egg let you like get the
specific one so you want to get the
flame version of the ETA right yeah so
you've gotta name it pyro apparently it
should give Luke what he wants so holy
shit that's a lot of Pokemon 201 Pokemon
like Lonnie I might when you tried some
of the men you know give it more a bit
of freedom for fuck's sake wave truth
evolve this mothertrucker
if it turns into a flame on the easter
egg is real apparently has been proven
on reddit that's real but we're gonna
find out for ourselves right here right
now is it going to be the one with the
Flaming tail all the floating I don't
know I think this got flaming for it I
get stupid on oh it is right yeah is it
is that the one you wanted you know what
my way from fucking now I know these
three versions of it well I don't know
on it's only called pyro though as well
still don't know what actually is oh
you're right well but no it's got its
got fire of particles around it so is
the fire version that you worried I
guess it works well I had 11 fucking G
did wait was it before 3 something a $4
for seven days okay dork me out here the
Chinese
collecting the rare ISM Pokemon catch
ball like some of these famous stars
like starlings you can collect them like
I just grabbed from Michael Jackson and
gave me like like it's not creepy and
unlike Kevin Bacon gave me like eight
pokeballs which is pretty random so
Thanksgiving bacon oh really
away I'm gonna do that yeah boy Luke
just hit level 20
dude fucking GG that is what we're
talking about voice Oh
full circle we're back outside this park
and the tower got to take off us so now
we're back with stronger Pokemon we're
gonna take it back
me and Luke took the gym we are now the
proud owners of the gym known as up fuck
cats it look ruffled over a little bit
just a little bit to see the gym just a
little bit we're now the brown orders of
their been holy shit Luke was just
driving around it was like a holy
fucking shit there's a Pikachu we were
just driving along and no fucking shit
where is it for you know you can see I
can haha it's not funny it's there it's
there
oh my god oh my fucking god dude you
said tonight we're gonna catch a Pikachu
alright okay wait wait I'm treating it
good I'm treating it good it's getting a
berry it's get a fucking berry yep all
right okay now it's happening Ghana it's
jump it's jumping for joy wait I'm throw
the ball okay come on first chance first
chance please give me this please give
this P cheer oh no no no no no no okay
there we go
Circle was small I fed it I'm being nice
Pikachu don't mess with me bro don't
mess with my emotions
pika told you did you said tonight we're
gonna catch a Pikachu a we call a
fucking Pikachu no way that's my malaria
oh my goodness I had to go Pikachu guys
if you love me playing Pokemon in the
vlogs and just want to show some - love
smash them like great and share this
with your friends cuz this has been one
hell of a Pokemon adventure today you
boy okay Larry and Lafosse kicking some
god damn Pokemon ass tonight we
currently own four gyms I've got four
1004 spoke Aman now and I just caught
Pikachu damn son
