is so legit we just asked a woman she's
actually gonna give us 10% of the meal
because we're higher than level 5
hey instead being a nerd doesn't have
his positive advantages oh my goodness B
I one time and today I was up till about
4:00 a.m. last night editing yesterday's
vlog which was 32 minutes long you
talking about our and a half to edit
managed to get the vlog uploaded and
yeah it was very stressful and I'm very
tired and I've wasted time this morning
not going out catch a Pokemon one thing
I'm gonna show you guys right now is
these balloons are still alive what the
hell I literally don't even skateboard
or technically pennyboard
but I don't know they've reached I'm
like the road on my road so I'm gonna
we're gonna go ahead give it a go and
just slide around on this thing because
I'm doing is going to the shop Jenna
monster energy and I'm gonna play some
zombies I might stream it but it's gonna
fit into a roast so I go prepare for the
chaos of a college is always lives free
on YouTube in twitch
yeah this is a much much efficient way
of getting round to go and get drinks
and food and everything like that
because look at this fresh new Tomic or
asphalt what Americans call tarmac what
you color when a road gets reach aged
because it's perfect now I was gonna go
with this bad boy but I changed my mind
and decided to go with a was it all in
one beef turkey my snack got my monster
there is a Pokemon stop right there so
I'm gonna try and collect that and then
maybe try and take over the gym and then
see what Luke and where else to do it oh
my goodness me it's so smooth not
because people kept driving over
it however it is much smoother than most
roads in LA so I'm okay the hatin does
this get me distant towards my Pokemon
eggs because if it does then that's cool
if it doesn't then that sucks wait does
it there's been on a skateboard or a
bike traveling distance does that add
towards your incubators so one of the
comments because I went and got that
sandwich
round about like 11 or 12 or something
like that I only just remembered I still
had it and a holy this is
the size of the sandwich looks amazing
but there is something in that that is
so
dum spice it way is it just this pepper
here oh it's definitely that pepper that
holy my mouth's on fire I mean like
flashback moments to when I ate the
ghost chili pepper like hopefully those
papers especially hey no that's okay but
oh my gosh that I was not expecting it
bit into like a huge mouthful and now
I'm like that I'm gonna point
this out real quick you might be like
why stir footsteps going on here like if
you be walking dirt in the house no this
is all the pollution from the cars from
the highways I'm like I'm like the same
level as them drops on here so this is
all like exhaust fumes and all that
stuff look at it yes so down there like
Oh open the window get some fresh air in
my you know the bedroom sort of thing
nope I'm actually just getting
pollution like you know with James or
going out getting some food some drinks
and then hopefully go and see the new
Ghostbusters film which is all just an
excuse to go and catch pokemon
oh damn we back out here with rookie so
one in the comments was asking me like
in today's vlog where's rookie and how's
he getting on what level I am I'm a oh
yeah I'm 13 now that's a Cove you bro I
took over you you slit you slit you took
it you took a second to break and you
slipped kid you up that wait a
minute I only just realized that there's
a ton of people here because I
think they're all still here I didn't
even realize the crowd yeah this entire
crowd of people are here because there's
all these laws yep in there all let's
play pokemon go yeah many people I just
like jumped on my phone I was like oh
yeah I'll stop for a second now
obviously we're stopping collecting
everything
yeah it's getting nerdy bear on it oh my
days we're just like walking to this
like going into boots and drinks and
just happened to come across this entire
crowd of people James this might be the
coolest thing I've ever seen Pokemon go
Street CC 10% off when your level 5 and
all level 13 rigid on what you know
about cracking that lucky egg got myself
thickness of double xp gonna catch my
pokemon some other truckers I can't have
all Don people of their walks not going
moving their chairs of different places
look I think everyone's literally
leaving so the modules run out so I'm
gonna be a homie and I'm gonna put a lot
of modules on this bad boy
where's it burn module activate look it
out you know what you buy hilarity up in
this building people like a
mouse I got like double xp going for
that evolved he's gonna transfer from
like a level 300 to I'm all 13 so I'd
like to say something high but I can't
see being too crazy I'd say like full
for let's say for for with traveler okay
okay that's okay what you're gonna give
me what's gonna give me the man be
something impressive please and OH 503
nice but that's pretty good and I can
kiss at transferring on these bad boys
to attempt to get or not I should just
wait 100 of that and then gotten to be a
higher character is it all the gamers
are leaving
I think a little much will run out and
they're all like they're all just like
these beats I realize it's a load module
here and they're catching the Pokemon
been unable to catch a Pokemon for last
probably like 20 pokeballs and it's kind
of getting annoying right now I've used
a raspberry on this thing and I'm hoping
that it will let me catch it oh well
that was just terrible poke ball to be
honest
yours is freezing mine's messing up so
I'm hoping that okay perfect throw a
raspberry it's a great pocket
what and it just run away I've just
wasted like four great balls like five
pokeballs and then it just run off and a
raspberry but can I don't get this game
sometime I understand it happens in both
money thrown away book makes no sense
just just be something impressive like a
high level of off you are I'll be happy
I'm not expecting anything good but if
you just want to be good I'll be
impressed with Oh treat me good oh no
way
wait a minute you got there's a chairman
around here throw this thing wait wait
why won't it let me rage transfer rates
transfer I'm gonna trade in this
growlithe which is you know it's kind of
a high level so I'm gonna trade it in
because I have a grower will have an
extra grows as well on sex traders bad
as well and now if I go to growler here
and of all this is gonna go frog wait
what is it school from for fires one
evolve
let's see what's gonna get four five one
four five one this is gonna be my most
powerful pok√©mon yeah I think I think
600 rookie I'm thinking 600 600 no
whammies no whammies yeah no one is no
fool oh damn that thing looks beast okay
I like that like this a lot come on be
600 good it's in the 700 I wish Michelle
Oh Tina show me
a thousand boarding
I'm actually nerdgasm right oh my god oh
my god
what but it actually happened I finally
got a level thousand Pokemon a holy
James is now a little evolved the exact
same Pokemon that's what you get so this
is one for my 315 372 come on
17 from American heritage six of the
boundary that's a choice give me a
bounce if you for some reason get
thousand ami gobsmacked overseas by foot
thick
was it
go to talk
oh that is the best Pokemon sir home
yeah we could take at 11:11 you can take
on Jim's now what we saw slow wave shape
or form do I think this is going to
evolve into something that's a thousand
course well after how insane that last
of all was I have no idea it's gone from
this one's only going from 300 not 400
so I couldn't 302 maybe maybe 505 550 oh
that's what it turns you - oh that's
beast so unicorn well rhinoceros Unicode
whatever you wanna call it wasn't even
called ride-on oh man this only went to
609 I was right with 600 not too crazy
but my my squad here now is looking for
the GM yes
level 14 that is what I'm talking about
not too sure what I got next I just
missed it well it's 2000 XP that as well
nice right ignore the smell
what are y'all right going into
ghostbusters thoughts are you excited do
you think it's gonna be good I think
it's gonna be bad you know Chris
Hemsworth that's the secretary I think
it should be pretty interesting so okay
I've heard such bad things to it but I'm
gonna go in with like an open mind like
willing to expect it to be cheesy very
cheesy because Ghostbusters is cheesy
and hopefully not be terrible I reckon I
reckon I'm gonna give it a 6 out of 10
I'll give it 7 ok that that's
prejudgment let's get in there and make
a bad decision what was a bar here it's
 beautifully clean nice wait I
hope we're on the right time
actually oh the line it's
attempted to you wash it
char's that is an excellent question the
credits to this film
alright ghostbusters I'm gonna go with
my final score for you as a six out of
ten it would be much much lower but
Chris Hemsworth character absolutely
killed it what do you think yeah you did
say six he still said six I went from a
seven to a six but Chris Hemsworth Lucy
what lowered it it was just like the old
Murray wasn't as much in it good point
actually good point so honestly
for me like it was a good film it was it
was it was funny to watch it was a good
laugh it was nothing too crazy to like
what can you expect from a Ghostbusters
film not much at all the the paid homage
to all the original characters that was
still alive which was great three like
yeah like the three main ones and then
even like the police officer everything
they paid homage to those characters and
it was smart of them to do that made so
much sense and I really enjoyed it the
Bill Murray bit in it without a spoiler
was kind of cheesy in a way and it was
just like it just felt too forced I
think it would have been a bit more
natural for just like a quick appearance
like the ganna taxi oh but he brought he
brought Bill Murray but like twice I
just don't listen to this if you don't a
spoiler I'm not gonna spoil anything by
like it was too like too forced but it
was really good fun that he was in it so
I'm glad they did that but yeah six out
of ten almost would have been lowered to
be honest with me but I'm not gonna hate
it too much cuz it was good it was a
good laugh I got some walls out of it
and Chris Hemsworth again his character
killed it it was ridiculously
stupid I thought it was funny alright
this is the bubble revolves Sandshrew to
Sun slash I think more like maybe a
thousand xp for this or 500 xp for this
but nonetheless it's more XP in the bank
right now tomorrow and I don't know what
level it's gonna be I can't see it being
too high board if it is then I'll keep
it if it's not then I'll get rid of it
and the survey says we didn't show me
what it is and it came out as a 474 not
bad but it's nothing on my 1042 a k9 I'm
gonna power it up one more time
to see what what comes out of it 1082
there it was at this moment he realized
that they were the coolest balloons
you've ever seen
then balloons have been essence May 9th
and they're still flowing yeah dude I
don't even know either wizard
ship I am sorry for today's long green
light but I fell asleep I was just
exhausted have to go on watching Ghost
Busters came out like 1 o'clock in the
morning and then walking around catch
your Pokemon but guys thank you very
much for watching today's vlog I hope
you enjoyed if you did then make sure
you leave a like crate I do have to
quickly say that as you guys know I run
a clothing line called sanic original I
own it and basically all the responds
that you saw me talk about a couple
weeks ago like all these bad boys like
this is the black and gold wall and then
this is the yellow and black quad
they're all online now if you were to be
able to buy them you can get any
different kind of packs everything but
they're available for your faces to get
so if you want to grab some go to Sinek
original calm little bit description
pick up pick yourselves up some swag and
then I wrote me a picture of it so I can
see it well it's now 10:30 I've got to
start my next day and I work out what
the hell new my life I think I'm gonna
try and walk around catch pokemon as
usual
