why on earth is Kylie Minogue playing
out of my bathroom at two o'clock in the
afternoon
hmm far away in the afternoon perfect
time for breakfast or psych more ramen
noodles hell yes oh hell it's my 12th
birthday well it's actually my real
birthday in England so I get balloon
this is awesome time to refresh the page
and see if these balloons are palpable
come on what this would be such a good
feature damn it's work but either way
23rd at work that doesn't say 23rd of
June the perfect breakfast for a man
who's about to watch y alig a crushed is
new ra again Ali get your shit together
I love the dude but he keeps crushing
he's fucking car he's two beats to get
it together
that is one hell of a bad accident holy
shit there's nasty so I guess that's oh
there's the other car
holy fucking shit that is a smashed-up
other car
Oh tits
Oh ooh nasty haircut time this thing is
looking shabby as hell damn car oh look
at that damn and in Pilot that is fancy
as hell but boys barbershop Floyd's
allow the shop Robert I'm going there
anyway I hope my hair comes out not too
sure I trust this woman a lot oh look
you I thought I tell you what I'm taking
it back he doesn't look homeless you
know you know wearing glasses because of
sunglasses not glasses glasses you've
got a fresh air caught and fresh beer
cough you know what came down last time
and added firewood pamaj I'm gonna fail
pamaj yeah tell that story that I never
stop telling people because I like why
is your rib broken yeah you know Todd
okay
alright I've made it to VidCon are you
always so smart I made it to VidCon and
it is fucking busiest shit there is
security absolutely everywhere like I
went upstairs to a hotel room and I had
to go through like five stages of
security she was to get to the hotel
room because I apparently because the
whole that shooting that happened with
Christina Grimmie the steps were
security with 250 extra security guard
so fucking crazy
Wow
told you so much oh by the way I'm in
Disneyland the reason why I'm in Disney
is because a long time ago I was
supposed to go to Disney green London
Disneyland or Disney World
supposed to go to Disneyland last VidCon
with a certain someone yeah I was really
hung over and then ended up not being
able to go and which is a weird
circumstance because I just got back
from Las Vegas again now so we're in
downtown busy right now going for food
and catching up so I'm not seeing it
like fucking weeks some best friend she
is that is so dumb you know what that's
the dream vlogger I've always wanted to
be what's his name
Jeannie doesn't have a real name his
name is she now I'm just disappointed at
the film Aladdin flex on a scale of 1 to
amazingly attractive to other people
how much do I come across all the ones I
could pick scolex you look so unhappy
okay just so magical just so fucking I'm
lost I have no fucking idea where I am
and just like that I am back in my
apartment at oh I was an hour drive from
Anaheim to Los Angeles but I'm going
back down there tomorrow I'm gonna be
staying at an Airbnb with Luke me and we
cook got like some business stuff to do
down there so it's gonna be cool doing
the VidCon scene meeting some fans if
there's anyone who watched my videos
down there it's very much a vlogging
scene which this is but we're all
primarily gamers on this channel which
is she's awesome so yeah going back down
that tomorrow come a glass of milk and I
am going getting in bed watching one
Episode one episode of Vikings then
going the fuck to sleep it wasn't until
I was getting in bed got a nosebleed
went to edit my vlog and realized that
today's vlog was only like four fucking
minutes
I apologize bought at the same time why
am i apologizing because that's all the
phone and that's pretty much what I did
all day got up at Raymond watched
Chinese video went to the barbershop met
Luke drove to Anaheim met Lex ad food
came home and that's pretty much it
really that's exactly how my day's been
I also did skip an hour journey on the
way yes we're dealing with the tissue
just deal with it yes I did skip an hour
drive home so I fell asleep in the back
of the you brother way home but
nonetheless I'm back
sweet dreams time going to bed after
maybe seven episodes of Vikings but
nonetheless I'll be staying down an air
B&B at VidCon tomorrow so if you down
that see your faces and I've been
hanging out with Lube and if you're
watching this video right now it's my
birthday so yeah if you guys want to say
hello birthday face boy I'll put my
twitter down in description so you can
go in and say that so unless I'm going I
love your faces and goodbye
