12:18 in the afternoon I am ready to
rock and roll
on Pokemon go this chadzmuth on five
times this charges it 100% hundred
twenty five or seven hundred fifty
percent five times six times let fucking
go and their pokemon go please work and
don't crash and we try to avoid busy
areas so it like the servers and being
overwhelmed the shit and i'm gonna try
and get to a higher level than ali-a
right no no elevators for me anymore I
need to take as many steps as possible
so I can use it to get my eggs incubated
by walking like I've got a five kilo
meter AK and a two kilometer egg so kill
a miracle on like whatever but
nonetheless
oh wait I'm not even logged in it
doesn't even matter fuck I don't know
these servers are having crazy issues
this morning so it's gonna try my best
to not make the same mistake as
yesterday and I'm gonna go get some Sun
cream and put it on my neck and my arm
so I don't think it's gonna make a
difference because I'm already bright
red luckily the app is loading so I'm
gonna start getting them steps towards
my incubator and see what we get out the
eggs and yes I'm already stuck on this
page loading and loading and loading
does it got music they have an epic
music nope great oh wait I spoke too
soon I spoke too soon I managed to login
I'm trying to claim whatever this shop
used to be claim whatever loot they've
got here and then I'm gonna check out
the gym and see who's ruling the roost
in my neighborhood so awesome oh sure
this guy's on a boosted board
I ordered mine it's supposed to come in
like the next week or so but mine has an
amazing way to play pokemon go it's kind
of messed up all these shops around here
and not a single one of them pops up
there's be not to collect anything in
the area like absolutely nothing it
sucks
there's no shops in the area but I did
find a snake Oh what is it in X
backwards
I don't oh my god I think that's a
pretty high all right can we get it come
on don't do this to me
apparently if you tap the pokeballs you
can actually collect them back oh you
can it's really hard to film and show at
the same time oh that's a good catch
that's a really good catch you got the
spin on it and everything
come on it's mine 121 as well I think
the only one I've got other than that is
like a level 10 and I think it's frozen
yep
most likely fudge this place is gonna
sell some cream there it is some cream
okay I want the spray-on good stuff I
will take this thank you I've tried to
load up the other bunch more times and
it's still not letting me do it but I
got some curry I'm gonna put this on and
I'm gonna go get subway an adventure
round on my own until I meet up with
Luke later tonight and we're going
Pokemon hunting at night how do I know
that guys playing Pokemon go he's doing
the flick to try and catch a Pokemon and
I know where he works
I just saw him inside there and he's on
his break oh that's soaked the past
three Pokemon that I've caught and the
apps crashed I've not actually captured
them that's just like completely got rid
of them March well I've got level 310
Pokemon so I'm hoping I can maybe find a
gym in the area and not a lot of people
have attacked and try and take it what
the hell was that and try and take
yourself we shall see a woman just walk
past me wasn't playing Pokemon girl
which was listening to a documentary
about Pokemon go it's an epidemic my mom
sent me an article to like Pokemon go
the most dangerous game ever because
like people could place words in their
house like near their houses to attract
young children there and then Peter
files could like you know take advantage
of the kids it's like holy fucking shit
it's like the darkest thought ever but I
get it and it makes sense but holy
fucking shit man that how to take an
amazing game and ruin it but we're still
out here in the streets still no Pokemon
I cry every time come on goes infecting
the roots out no one would take I was
gonna go this way and walk down this
road but then I realized that it because
I'm gonna walk all the way down there
but miss all these shops and the gym at
the end so I'm totally going back this
way back the way I came to walk down
this path
oh I didn't even know you could get
these Pokemon the egg what they called
like stacks I don't even know but it's
the egg Pokemon or was it gonna be will
absolute show me the names Oh X acute
there you go alright the execute please
be a good luck 163 that's pretty okay
that was terrible 163 that's pretty good
this is proving very difficult just to
catch a bunch of eggs okay they're
absolutely perfect throw
will I capture 163 that's a good that's
a good level want to catch for me it's
red it's actually moving therefore I
think I got it
Yee boys execute was caught perfect mmm
you guys with all these suggestions for
names down in the comments go ahead I
just know is this when you go to like
CERN like Pokemon and you go like right
we evolved it it takes 50
so basically realistically you have to
catch 50 of them to be able to evolve
that one right so I was like oh well
know what you takes a vault magicapp 400
that means you have to go to the sea on
your river or something
catch 400 plus poker pot that magic apps
I believe in right and saying that and
then trying evolve it to a Gyarados
whole eat it right Noah's Bagels and
Starbucks cafe gonna try and collect
these right now but it keeps doing the
thing where you load it and it doesn't
show you what it is you can't claim
anything for it so gonna wait you're a
second see if it loads up get some
better signal and then claim what's
rightfully mine
wait what the heck it doesn't even cost
as a Starbucks these classes as a sad
girl Mira
either way I'm crossing I didn't claim
anything from these two they
disappointed me let's try another one
apparently this building is something
not sure what it is but what does it say
the course the up the actors gang okay
interesting I'm gonna sit on this
fountain here
and just wait and wait and wait and hope
oh it loaded oh wait it's actually the
fountain the fountain is the thing to
claim but it just spins why is he doing
this to me oh there we go
it worked for pokeballs from the actors
gang fountain well thank you mister gang
fountain you were acceptable Oh
someone's been having some fun down here
there's laws the entire way so let's hit
this one and then weave through the
buildings to try and collect them all
near a park here so potential is like
there should be grass around here on the
map well there is so if I walk through
there the chances are a Pokemon will
jump out at me so let's detour into the
Platte oh wait there's someone else
there let's not do that
well this one seems to be not getting
any way I don't understand how like some
can work and then just some can like it
just spins for days like some you
literally spend spin for ages wait what
you mean too far away what it takes I'm
in the middle of the fucking I'm
literally right on that way if I load
the picture
come on okay right okay now it's just
not even loaded but and stuff exactly
where I'm supposed to be anything's I'm
all the way over there
nope woman walking your child's like I
walk past every kind of look to each
other like me be playing Pokemon girl
and then we carried a war kid and then I
saw her phone oh she was like super a
Pokemon go and she saw my phone we just
died laughing each other it's such a
good community all right there's a law
here in this area and I've stopped so
I'm gonna try and collect something
we'll see if it works the last one we
just didn't work thinking was I don't
know it's kind of nine tails or
something or Fox tails or whatever it
was but it was like a fox looking
mothertrucker and it just escaped
because have to busybody like oh yeah
I'll just come out of it and get it in a
minute
is it still there no it's nowhere well
I'm close enough to this the parent
myself try and get this to spin and see
even give us anything Main Street all
right come on mention yes it's working
out man this is what we need right so
where's the nearest mall so we're gonna
cross the road that's right at the Drake
today's goal was good loop so we're
gonna have to go back over there to try
it and get the most out of this just in
time to catch myself a new century I'm
just gonna send that off cuz I've
already got one bought it makes sense to
collect every single one that goes past
you Soph she's totally playbook me go it
makes all the sense to collectors all of
them around you just catch everything
and then trade them in but yeah this is
the statue this is the a moment in time
statue look I load this up it scoops I
thought it was shot for it it's actually
mural so you find like all the head of
mirrors a moment in time nice to revise
and to pokeballs thank you very much in
the Lyons fountain down there these guys
have totally Pokemon girl totally got
Dame a level 128 century oh that was
real about to be really cool but a
terrible poker ball 128 that's pretty
impressive whoever is you keeps putting
a lunar module on the line statute thank
you so much obviously I love lions my
logo I'm going to sit on that bench and
catch a mouse I'm so upset right now
because where I am right now I know his
entire is like a Chipotle and load the
good balls and stuff in this area but I
never really paid attention to any of
the bellies
just didn't stop now and I just saw some
walking slow and I'm like what is this
building and I looked and it's fucking
cinemas I had no idea the nearest cinema
I thought that was closest to me it was
like 35 minute drive away I'm so upset
but I'm gonna go in and try and see if I
can buy a coca-cola and sit back down
and play pokemon no way I had no idea
this was here
wait oh my god should I go see a film on
my own got a coke and I'd had no idea
that the secret life of pets is out so
I've got like three hours before I'm
doing anything today I'm just like
kicking back playing Pokemon so
hopefully when I'm in the cinemas I'll
be close enough to that one there to be
able to catch pokemon whilst I'm in the
movies and there's a bad hair everything
up so I'm impressed
this is literally all thanks to Pokemon
go for getting me out of the fucking
house cuz usually I just like you know
kick about I go off and do like
adventures go working and stuff like
that go some places but like I wouldn't
usually just walk down here cuz I just
thought Hall is just bars and shops and
food and stuff but now that I know
there's a cinemas and like all that
changes everything so I'd fucking love
the movies to the point where I have no
problem going to the movies on my own
whatsoever because it's just like I want
to see something I'm gonna see something
and now that's there I'm gonna be gone
all time definitely
come on go by the way all these kids
playing in this pack right now one of
them might looked over into the hole
where the water shot out and completely
drenched the kid it was like me and the
parents all laughing like fucking crazy
but the kid is absolutely soaked I have
about five more minutes before my films
ready so I'll just kick it back in the
solo usually 20 minutes of trails anyway
before I go back to the UK and run up
some drinks tonight with some friends I
made in New Zealand really really cool
people so we can go to the film was
longer than I actually thought so I
watched like three cores of it and I had
like yeah like three cores of it and
unfortunately I'm gonna have to leave
because I've gotta go out for drinks and
meet some friends for dinner so I think
so nonetheless secret life of pets is
actually really good for a kid film
really good I like how I'm walking out
here
to find even more people were playing
Pokemon yo so the entire time I was in
the movie fit I was trying to fit I say
that with the entire time I was in there
I was trying to get Pokemon going slowly
it just wouldn't so I quit and gave it
like 30 minutes and we just sat there
just actually watching the movie doing
nothing else and now I'm back out I got
to load once trying to catch pokemon and
this has happened again I know the game
is new but I'm really really hoping that
this step up there like the server
issues soon cuz as soon as it's smooth
my vlogs is me going out and about like
catching pokémon I gotta be epic and
I'm definitely gonna do the thing that I
said I'm gonna drive to the bottom of
England and drive all the way to the top
and catch a Pokemon all the way so
should be pretty cool oh I just realized
that that incense that I put down
earlier basically just went to waste
because the app basically classes
crashed straight away after I used it
for like me three minutes or so so a 30
minute incense just went to waste man
and now I've gotta kind of like wait
until I get one back whether for a
levelling up or whatever but we're
walking past this church she's
definitely playing and he is definitely
playing look everyone stopping everyone
stopping outside the church like
literally people would just walk past it
but people stopping outside the church
just to get their collection things
this is fuckin incredible the gym of the
road for me
then read the entire time like ever
since the gym is available but now
assumes check him over quick exactly
someone only took it over the 433 now
obviously that said I'm not 432 read
yeah boy if we lose back in the
neighborhood he could take this over in
like two seconds
so hopefully Percy would be late tonight
he drops me off we'll take over a gym
together whoo
looking sharper and smarter I gotta
admit I really really like Dimond not
sponsored not paid promotion or anything
but I always shop at PacSun and I've
always always looked back something just
ignored the diamond runnin like whatever
whatever whatever but I tell you what
the quality of the t-shirt is fuckin
like top higher so Dimond nice I'm like
these guys all play pokemon go no
they're not they're all stood in line to
watch a button called nicest book I like
it
this road is so impressive there's a
picture of my queen huffing bubblegum
oh we just met with the guys I'm out
drinking with tonight I got to the house
shot of whiskey come out the food and
the shot of tequila so this is a British
chin that's a chin not a fry now I have
no idea what this that's that's a crisp
it's a what no that's a crisp not a chip
a Crip America to my users meat even
more hey we're stepping up our game
we're drinking glasses of wine I'm
letting get unless I get breathe I'm
letting it breathe
it's actually really it's really
delicious mmm
lobster the side of pasta yes so I saw
me kissing the bear was scary his bed is
slowly slowly approaching him and he's
filming whilst a small bear is literally
crossing a river to get to it yeah no
one's moving
this is a wild bag
yeah just roll this is your house okay
this restaurant was super super nice
it's now super super busy even though
it's really small it's really fucking
busy and apparently it's got like a
super long wait list they very much
money per share it's got like a really
really long waiting list to be here and
you have to get on the list to even push
the restaurant so the fact that I'm even
here tonight is like a super privilege
Dan Tana's was absolutely awesome it's
like such a Tanner's it's been here for
how long and raised the money really
good food really enjoyed it great
atmosphere loved it thank you very much
for dinner alright I think we're gonna
try and sneak into nicest book now to
try and see what it's like so let's see
how this goes we're sneaking in behind
the scenes as balloons it's not even
playing right now but we're just
sneaking in to look at it would it fit
are we early
like what is going on oh my gosh what do
you see when you look at this painting
because for me I just see one TV it's
just one titty Andrew how's your
nightmare this is walking by the way oh
yeah you're ready now okay you're like
nope okay so right tonight it's been
awesome Joe why we went out for good
food you know everyone the stage of a
bar that was awesome on camera actually
fries the LAPD helicopter and when I
come back to LA in like two moments he's
gonna take me fighting in the helicopter
how cool is that pretty amazing
but I am being careful he looks a little
sketchy but be careful
why is it a girl's boob fell into her
food so how did that happen Los Angeles
I asked the guy he runs a joint to put
on my favorite song hey you're good one
he took eat it up Mobe porcelain
hey you're good man thank you so much
this is my favorite song of all time mo
:
tonight it's been a good night I feel
like this is the one point to end the
vlog because if I end it now or I forget
and wake up in the morning to continue
the vlog my good sir
your legend thank you what we're looking
at it was like a is like it I was like
it was like a shake
it was a bro with a handshake salute bro
hug but nonetheless we're hung up in New
Zealand yes we've hung out here yes
we've got a great night out tonight and
this is the end of my daily vlog so good
sir thank you for being involved Mike
one of the last days of my LA vlogs for
a few months because I'm gonna watch the
UK I'll be back there
thank you on UK yeah Obama get fuck
yourself
now we're loving but now we're gonna go
so everyone else thank you very much for
watching the vlogs I hope you've enjoyed
it I'll be heading back to the UK in a
few days literally just because of the
cause of push since six months of the UK
you're in the UK six months to the US
you in the US and that's it so that's
life unfortunately I spent four months
in a row here so I've only got two
months left here so I am only using them
two months for dates of being at an
offense and stuff like that so that's
kind of life I'm going home and go back
the UK shit sucks
I love America I love the UK but I'm
good to go UK
u.s.
uks more
