the problem with always troubling so
much is that everything my fridge goes
off the milk is going off the chocolate
milk is gone off and this chocolate milk
oh oh yeah that's that's definitely gone
off chance that the date is actually UFC
200 tonight so I'm not too sure exactly
what's going on I'm going to see if
nadeshot anyone's watching it he usually
puts together like a get-together of all
the homies in LA to go and watch it plus
he's got his new crib like oh he's got a
new apartment that I moved into so I'm
gonna hit him up see what he's up to and
see what everyone else is up to get some
breakfast in me meet up with Luke and
tide you this goddamn pal just recording
some slither IO and Luke has come to pay
me a visit then we go out and get some
food or something but not gonna lie
really join rockin the heart because
this is what the potato hair looks like
underneath Luke just got yellow I was
like groans it's like dude I've watched
six miles playing Pokemon go I'm like we
need to go for a walk
wait wait what what's your main pokémon
ah man wrench man man huh I wanna
fucking seamstick Riley I need to see it
and to see I need to see your Pokemon
not your nipples your Pokemon the shirt
woman oh my god that's my favorite
we got my champ there's no way that's
possible that's absolutely ridiculous
holy shit
all she's told using Pokemon go Pokemon
go Pokemon go yeah she do just talk
she's looking around for whether Pokemon
is Pokemon go bug one go oh I'm
definitely using Pokemon go definitely
yo there's definitely gonna be a Weedle
in here somewhere where's it at
what is this is it what is this awesome
some fucking fruit maybe this is ooh
botany by Luke your Pokemon going
outside a church but wait what pokemons
gonna be in there oh no you gotta get
all the spending mu 2 mu 2 in there
psychic pokémon Oh No thank goodness
for this god damn power pack this at me
cuz Luke's battery would be drained of
shit right now shit dude there's gonna
be signs on my on walls like need a dog
walker it's giving like need a Pokemon
Walker a Pokemon catcher
thank you guys wait fuck my girl
yeah I do like you guys go that way yeah
Oh looks like a Pokemon
so if yeah if you spin the ball it like
makes a power shot to be more accurate
did you catch him yeah I did Geodude I
really want a Geodude no wait I think
she's on Pokemon go Pokemon go I think
she's on Pokemon go she has to find out
is she of it the old Pokemon go she is
she has to be I think we already asked
her wait you see on it Luke is she on it
are you actually playing wait did you
just catch something I could give a
high-five as well
that is awesome this is absolutely
amazing so if you catch one does it
disappear for the other person I do you
can actually get a extract me anyone
else oh when the circle gets smaller
this is great oh listen you got this I
won't want this Luke it's right next
year nice Acharya says GG WP GG well
played
haha dude the amount of people with
opinion to me this is awesome everyone
driving rounds just gonna be playing it
I guaranteed these guys are playing with
the phones in the bucket and a full
family playing Pokemon go like this is
like the best community of just like me
like get together ever
I'm like so stoked my app keeps crashing
and I don't notice like I've got like
the the odd UK version so I don't have a
u.s. phone but Luke ovaries captured
Pokemon like in a field day a creeper
turn
yeah your little seven I'm level three
so I got some catching up to do
Luke's currently looking like he's
filming these guys because he's trying
to catch a Pokemon these guys are
playing Pokemon goes okay
and the two again oh you team yellow all
right blue team i'm peacing out z letter
this is pretty insane that we're all
just set here play pokemon go the squad
of people all by pokemon go all walking
to the same area to go and capture stuff
is a bit sick it's so nerdy it's
incredible oh this guy's got a real life
oh c'mon on it hahaha
real life Pokemon bass playing Pokemon
goes well
watch watch when the water squirts
oh that's amazingly cute specific he's
like a chicken bad thing ever
we're stopping at a polka cafe to get
some food and to regen Lucan plate right
now I currently can't because observer
she's like he just keeps saying servant
available on house it was not available
right now so I can't unfortunately play
I don't because I've got UK phone and he
like you do the way to download it I
drop a US Court which apparently used
it's more stable so really really upset
right now is not working want to be a
pokémon trainer
I saw you capturing up and I realize how
high wall show me 455 you'll give it an
app name we're gonna name it
litora doesn't sound right
come on you gotta think of think of a
good name let me know this pokemon stuff
has got some pretty damn good beer and
some good music I'm gonna mess with this
right now
Cheers well Cheers Pokemon catcher
Cheers it's a good health and collection
of gotta catch em all I've only got five
pokemon you've got 77 84
oh okay do this okay
just look out in yeah just sitting here
a bunch got another show it shows you're
immature that yeah yeah your pup shows
your pokedex go to Pokemon and show us
all all what you've gone right so this
is MOOCs collection so far okay so your
highest one is a 487 oh my god you got
my channel which I'm much out Machamp I
got a ride hard I pick some bar I got
Geodude oh my gosh you've got a lot of
the same ones but you've got a pretty
good collection alpha know who's Eakins
what's that name that's all today
oh I started I told you I woke up at
6:30 I had no idea
holy fucking grinder wait till today
you've walked six miles today and caught
some example c'mon do this
everyone's gonna be the fittest thing in
the world and we owe it to Nintendo -
you're fucking kidding me I don't - but
wait wait wait lose it
deliver the champ
yeah
that was perfect oh my god you just
nailed that it's like I've got 77 in one
day at lemon and wonder where you can
like have you done gym battles yet yeah
is it good yeah it's amazing you just
have to time know like dude we can go
like tomorrow yeah we're gonna battle
we're gonna spend all day doing it we're
gonna battle together okay we're gonna
make the same thing at the same time
really cool shit wait I'll give him a
nickname hold on I got a couple it's a
rap right is that right stuck
yeah all right time go on first try
first right are you you fucking out that
whole shit cheap wait let's see if you
catch it all rekt so all day tomorrow me
and Luke are gonna walk around LA or dry
but I think you should walk yet what
walks I strive I will go to it like the
place where the shops - yeah the walking
area perfect I'm gonna have hopefully a
massive rank I wanna be I wanna be
ranked 10 by the end of tomorrow it's a
big statement but if you could do that
in six hours let's do what we can do in
24 hours oh my god this is like one of
my favorite pokemons holy shit
please get it first time it's gonna be
difficult catch no lo there's no way yes
it is it gonna be duplicate yeah I think
it's gonna bounce out yeah I think it's
about out
there's no way you're getting on it oh
you call this come on Connor Oh bah he
disappears sometimes yeah fuck oh dude I
got so happy for you oh my gosh dad if
you're watching this vlog you will know
this song for our I beat the chill out
kick backs on the beach
oh the bastards the chip oh my god dad
that was almost about to be our jam but
they ruined it I'm sorry bro
okay me and liquor over there near a
fine cuz someone dropped a pokemon law
and now over here someone dropped three
and all these people no joke everyone
stood there is playing Pokemon fucking
go
this is absolutely credible just can
wrap my head around mothers that many
people sound like Connor I was gonna
like head over towards it cuz there's a
store there there's a store there and
just one across so in the three places
the stores people have dropped laws on
every place it basically attracts
Pokemon and because people poker we've
been attracted to all the places that's
all the people sat there playing fucking
Pokemon go this is incredible I love my
entire years of playing video games I
don't think I've ever seen a game bring
so many random people together out in
the streets Pokemon go has a thousand
percent done its job in getting people
to walk out be about and stuff like that
to the point where it's like I can see
people like hiring other people to go on
walks catch pokemon from and level them
up wine really really hoping that when
I'm back in the UK I can like get him a
car drive around and catch a shitload a
boat mud and then like take over all the
gyms in the area and just make it my
mission and vlog it to be like the
number one gym trainer or gym master
whatever you want to call it pokemon
trainer ever I was an amazing afternoon
out like I would kind of wait to say I
was walking around but like my phone but
she's like dying Luke used up all like
weirdly enough this isn't that heavy it
looks huge and heavy but it's not like
probably probably the same way it's an
iPhone book we've used up all the
battery in that unfortunately because it
wasn't fully charged so I couldn't stay
out there walking around catching
pokémon force the app was just like
bugging out all day so I'm not too sure
I really want to go out and just buy
like another like phone contract sort of
thing so as but as a u.s. one because
I've currently just got a UK one so that
way I can download the US version of the
Pokemon game because apparently that
one's more stable nonetheless it's been
fun catching some Pokemon on the Blinn
up I know exactly what I'm doing now and
like how to use laws and everything so
when I get back out get like a tomorrow
with Luke all day I hopefully end to
come back at the end of the day with
like 100 Pokemon so we'll see if I go
from being level 3 to like level 10
that's like my aim but nonetheless great
day out great day of being a protecto
and over than that let's continue making
video videos it's only 6 o'clock at
night right now and I feel like it
should be midnight
I'm not tired if I've got a monster
energy which oh my gosh I do I'm gonna
be kicking back the entire day basically
playing doom I've been seen everyone
playing it specifically leafy I've been
watching leave his videos and he's been
playing the shoutout zoom in like the
gameplay section that you like it where
he's talking I'm just like I really want
to fucking play this game so I'm
downloading it didn't realize it was 50
goddamn gigabytes so downloaded man I'm
gonna play through that it says it takes
about like 12 13 hours to complete so I
could try and see if I can crack it out
in a one straight stint or a
day-and-a-half sort of thing so we'll
see how that gets on and I will give my
little review of what I think of doom in
the next day makes sense right oh my
goodness let's do this I'm so stoked for
this game it looks absolutely beautiful
like this is probably one of the best
looking games or shooters I've ever seen
more like it's starting to go nighttime
outside I think I'm missing UFC 200
right now so I'm really really good at
but the thing is in my apartment in LA
and I don't have like cables so I can't
go online and order it I'm using a UK
British card and I can't like go online
and use exsist like you have to be a US
bank card holder to be able to purchase
this sort of thing so it's really
frustrating that I can't watch UFC 200
right now but nonetheless play Doom
really do like it but I just don't know
if I want to commit to like sort of the
same thing for 13 hours straight you
could say playing call duty or playing
so that I always like the same thing if
you play
for 13 hours straight either way but I
don't know just on how I feel about
right now it's good fun but I think I'm
gonna have to take a break from it for
now and play a little bit of call of
duty zombies the best few hours I've
been playing some slithered Rio some
doom I did like I said give up on dooms
you just let the same thing for period
of time but a recorded similar so like
I've got a good video coming out of that
it's real good fun with that so I really
really really appreciate this port when
everyone watching the gaming videos on
the main channel I'd like to get enough
time when I'm not traveling to record
enough videos for a month's worth of
videos like day after day after day
after day but again like I'm always
traveling like crazy so as soon as I get
back to the UK and I get settled I'll be
working on sorting out on fixing my UK
setup and once that's all done and
dusted like I'm going to empty the room
and rebuild it from scratch to make it
perfection like with soundproofing and
make sure the AC works in there like
perfectly just to be rocking and rolling
and that should be everything so
tomorrow is Pokemon deck Pokemon dote a
what tomorrow is Pokemon go day I'm
actually trying to install rust because
mr. mood is playing on like a roll place
of a flight 24 hours and I like rust I
just haven't played it in a long time so
I'm tempted to try and jump on there
with them and see if I can cause some
mischief so we'll see what we can do so
thank you very much for watching this
video guys if you've enjoyed the vlog
mix you leave like right like I said
lots more Pokemon go come in
I'll use my other phone to film this
phone tomorrow and so I can basically
like get the entire like Pokemon go
experience recorded so that should be
pretty cool so much luck to your faces
I'll catch you guys later
and he else
