for 31 in the afternoon and I'm only
just starting my day I'm gonna get my
new movie out Adventure weight-wise
blurry that's better but now we even
make it even more better by putting you
into this case yes well I've pretty much
done nothing all day just business's
emails all that sauce just so going up
some food gonna meet up with a homie
that I should be getting to know a lot
more
well because give me like working for
through BDS to fight so it's gonna be
awesome to meet him and see what he's
gonna be doing the company's song will
meet with him Luke get some dinner
probably introduce him in the vlog you
know if it's gonna be part of the family
then we've got to introduce him and say
hello and yeah that's pretty much my day
so far also and I downloaded Pokemon go
and I'm gonna go catch pokemon I chose a
Charmander by the way had to flame on
just walking out my apartment and I just
found another box for Mophie so what
in that circumstance they may have sent
me - oh shit they actually sent me the
case yesterday for free so I appreciate
that and they just sent me a five times
charging pack sort of thing so that's
such a really convenient because my
recent one just broke so a Moffit thank
you very much for sending that this was
not sponsored or anything they just
decided sending me so hey thank you very
much guys
this is what you call way too much food
like it was like yeah we'll get one set
of dumplings another segment was yeah
some chicken maybe some pork and now
some rice and I'm just like look so I
just found out that on Pokemon go where
we are right now we're inside a fucking
gym oh my got this unscrew you gotta get
it here why I'm not any good you're not
high enough level No
- yo I wonder if years hey just talking
about being so full and so much food
they're just like hey you guys have had
so much food here's some more on the
house so now it's like fuck I am back in
my old school Ralph when I used to live
with Tucker Jericho and everyone took it
and Jericho Tokyo Jericho Gold Glove
Renan when he's live with them this is
the routes I was used to come to so I
miss it I missed this area it's a really
nice area but now I'm a grown man I live
on my own okay July 23rd what about the
dates of the back oh they're all July
23rd god damn it
holding that dinner went great it's good
to see everyone actually saw Luca then
didn't vlog it because we just chat
about stuff so just caught up with him
and now I'm going back to the apartment
think I'm gonna record some sliver today
I've been really really wanted to play
in slither I owe or week so I think I'm
gonna finally give it a go obviously
this isn't sponsored but Mophie was
always one of the companies that I
actually like to sponsor me like five
years ago if you go back to like one of
my youtube videos where I had a hundred
thousand subscribers and to the south
video you'll see that I actually had a
morphine I think about going to my
office I've actually got all the old
movies cuz like if you're a teenager if
you're anyone who just uses a phone like
snapchat drains your battery anything
drives your battery if you use your
phone all the time when you're sick of
your battery dying get a god damn yeah
look there's four iPhone 4 /f on five
Mophie cases that I just used to go
through all the time like pick them up
at airports on the go and I think I'd
like five extra or the ones back in the
UK because they're so damn valuable
nearly every youtuber I met over the
space of the five years of me using mo
fees as always see me with these cases
and are always like what is it why's
your phone so big and it just gives you
that extra battery like if you're using
snapchat within a quarter of the date
your battery's fuckin gone if you're
using god damn pokemon go your battery's
dead in like three seconds of you waking
up out of bed and using it so really
recommend it again no not sponsored I
wish really really good product I just
very very much endorse how fucking
useful it is so you've never had one
before definite recommend it and by the
way don't get the cheap fake ones a lot
of people get like fake versions of
these and then wonder why they all break
and stuff Mophie is expensive because
it's a really really good product so the
more you know I'd no more fee this is
really fucking big just going to say
that right now
I can't exactly say much happen for the
rest of day guys because I fall asleep
watching the office and I fall asleep
then I will cup now and it's like 7:00
a.m. so that is little and my date dawn
didn't do anything about from get up
cool get period and then fall asleep so
thank you very much for watching I'm
gonna use a bathroom and go back to bed
and that is literally my day at house
