ah good morning the hell is all in
tomorrow's it's a new dawn it's a new
day and for today we are being lazy
that is a fart we can't be asked to do
anything just because we've been
non-stop non-stop non-stop non-stop
non-stop so we're gonna go for some
in-room breakfast today all day
breakfast 24 hours let's go mate
we just got off the phone and we've
ordered an absolute feast like seriously
absolutely feast of a breakfast how to
start your day 101 Despicable Me 3 on on
the TV in the bedroom we walk into the
lounge and oh my goodness be breakfast
of Oh pancakes oh there's another one
over here o champions yo this is exactly
what I'm talking about right now we've
got Belgian waffles we've got buttermilk
pancakes we got french toast orange
juice apple juice yogurt and Coco Pops
God dead and toast with strawberry jam
damn this was a this is a good starbucks
roll I've seen them do this before I
think first washing it everywhere
coffee goes in first and then you pour
it in from one spot early watch watch
watch dirty like so right is that does
not look like a Starbucks coffee
yes we need there is nothing weird
all right I'm telling you about putting
the book not on the toast I worded that
so good day I meant put in the jam one
without butter
come on go on then
sure was always good go on then Oh stuff
wrong I'm so wrong
blasphemy absolute philosophy if this
gems been employed or it's actually from
here because this is this jump this jump
legit serious just maybe the best
Gemmell around in life
oh my god it's from Australia it is
important but boo berenberg berenberg
jam it legit tastes like book where is
this where does this taste off mmm we
Came we saw we didn't quite conquer I
need a I need what do you say we're not
having spaghetti for breakfast okay I
guess Oh money it's a horrible day I
guess we can officially say we went
outside that's go back in now bring down
the streets it appreciate in all the
culture if someone wants to make a bond
Sarge of all the 7-elevens I found feel
free feel free and then tweet them being
like yo you just got loads of free
promotion sponsor syndicate unlimited
shopping
for his entire life yeah go 7-eleven
seven-11
i log these small bottle shots look at
it one there one there one there one
there is just crammed them in as much as
they can Nesbit yellow corn fed chicken
is it chicken
yeah content you can that's why that's
why it's yellow yeah look good there
look at there look at this it's a repo
tape yeah this looks pretty good damn
good to be honest oh my god everything
comes with potato I don't picture you
and me it's just a catches me up god I'm
like you're not part of the culture I've
been to the Starbucks like three or four
times now I didn't know this was here
they should install what they have a VR
so they have rigs of everything you
could buy oh that's pretty cool I can
definitely say I don't think I've ever
heard of the game the impatient before
I'm assuming that's a horror game
because as a person stuck in a syringe
of blood in the wild oh my god that is
good vanilla nope vanilla Mac Mac
cappuccino I don't know oh my god yeah
we see in the wild this is gonna like
I'm filming bra oh thank God I thought
that was a browser huh
here we see in the wild a Lydia buying
sucked out just seen us she seen us
building her and he's really creeped out
by oh she's definitely been spotted run
this is me running I think there's just
too many things I could say about this
individual piece of underwear Pussycats
on on underwear oh thank god there's not
on the front we arrived here new is also
sunny and beautiful and now it's just
probably it in gray Lydia
tell us when to come back
yeah because what can I burn my eyes I
don't know if that's a compliment or an
insult
wait I love this pretty face are you
doing hi in the backyard I didn't even
know easily yeah I just went to homepage
once then it came on what do you think
of peopIe some meetin it's incredible
next destination miss fuzzy let me show
you we walked out the hotel room it was
like she was like me cut the Kim's like
yeah of course I got the cake yeah for
the wrong hotel swimming pool
fitness center mirror spa whoo you got
to cast you mouth look at that light I
love that light like that one oh my god
this is amazing
we got some work did she say ginger tea
we got ginger tea we get we're gonna
pick which massage we want and then I've
never filled out a form before and
they've said what music preference do
you want so just click classical I guess
all I could do Asian New Age or that's
not a rave you can put on your own iPod
that's amazing Wow this is the relaxing
lounge and it's a waterbed I'm gonna try
that later all right
hey this could go very wrong boy they
give you underwear to wear
check this out boy so poor you can't see
me crack them I'm very super wearing
see-through pants and boxer shorts I
usually wear like a really thin like
thunk but hey
give your boxes in Hong Kong because
this place has got a sauna a steam room
a huge hot tub chill-out area fireplace
very nice you could consider me stoned
right now
more tea bro the Chinese survived of tea
and I have to admit I'm British I'm okay
with this when we were getting the
treatment I started thinking about the
cats actually yeah it really did I was
like I missed these mother truckers look
how big my lip is like a massive ulcer
I'm a litt yeah videos family just sent
us this video but look at the cats alike
we love the Olympics okay
and then like guys be smarter than in a
few seconds watch the I'll fall down and
the cats are confused as to whether or
God like oh oh I know there's only one
left
I've missed our little kiddies I think
you tell me to wear trainer socks my lip
looks like that fish not I filmed
yesterday what could it look at the
songs about lip yeah bro they're using
MSN please know each other please note
each other please note each other please
nodes each other wait wait for it wait
for it wait for it where is it
she's reading something he definitely
sent her a kiss screen emoji cool Oh
guess I'm not wearing my shirt tonight
first of all I put the iron on and this
black mark just appeared all over it
because there's something bit on it but
I spill all the water on it as well I
put in a dress for the hotel like
yesterday a day before and I put in the
rod like I searched me a hotel I mean
any polite mirror hotel said nothing
else I clicked it and I was like alright
sweep went to wrong place so I had to
change the the destination I've just
done it again with the restaurant that
we're going eaten up now we've got
reservations at 8:00 a bit late anyway
strange yeah we saw I know it's Lydia
like look around like this doesn't look
right this isn't right so I was like I'm
just gonna check real quick and then I
want to check them up yeah I messed up
yeah yeah 100% my fault
whoops did we just say modes appreciate
how good Lydia looks oh my god you look
amazing I like the tail or whatever Oh
check this out we're gonna go to mink or
mix least our kind of sneeze restaurant
no meat you need star which lens start
more than one as Lydia pointed out this
menu has got glitter in it just a little
bit but god damn fine details of this
place it's a very very nice restaurant
lots of little things everywhere I let
it I have to ask a whole age pigeon but
what the hell is snow focus some of this
stock just never heard of people a nice
looking vendor I've got Elsner five
percent Hong Kong Hong Kong Vere Pilsner
the designer the ball is just incredible
I thought he actually brought it to me
it had fallen off when he brought it
like that but then I realize it looks so
cool it's a really tasting beer as well
it is called this is called and it is
called someone things we're guys you
I'll see anyone else on the table with a
knife and fork
I don't need that I'm a professionally
trained assassin chopsticks well you
don't make this up we had we asked for
Peking Duck and it's all down and then
we asked for the goose another goose is
sold out so we'll I'll go for the
chicken so we went for the chicken and
the chickens talk about so instead I
think they said on the house which is
amazing now got the pork like crispy
pork whatever whatever it is and then
this is well hell yeah I'm using the
crispy skin is like a base like a
cracker so then again I don't order to
go on top of it then the sauce and then
sprinkling sugar on top of it let me
tell you right now oh my good
Brett yep
four couple chopsticks girls
it's really good very very good
oh my goodness me they used a thin layer
why do you need to make like a parcel to
put the food inside videos god cheesy
crap I take back the whole insult about
the knife and fork thing it came in
handy
think about it it's Wagyu beef stuffed
with mushrooms and it's really good very
lovely meal that was also a wisecrack
and before we go any further right I'm a
black Oh Tom you didn't film much other
night are you doing so much elidio no
reaction we're eating food we're going
to a few words personal issues you could
stay in the relationship world but
before everyone in the comment starts
being like oh why weren't the target hua
just probably best not to but the night
itself not unless we're gonna get uber
we're gonna trouble home have a nice
night sleep get up in the morning and
tomorrow we're gonna be seen Lydia's
grandparents but if you excited
by that one so we're back into like the
crazy zone of Hong Kong basically oh
this is nice but you know what's better
called
face masks to decide to do a Chinese
candle Hong Kong Union Chinese candy
video like I did the Japanese one I
think I need to do a Chinese version
Venice right now I've never heard of
Harry bowls Murph's so you better not
Chinese well you know what I'm gonna
fire is I chose this these things are
all clearly the same thing but I don't
know what so my reaction looks like
something's popping this one looks like
something's like sour and that one of my
sous chefs you were in a gas masks are
gonna go off
there's three unite it would the devil
itself oh that's the that I nearly
threw up on you last time candy I spent
like 27 pounds on it so we should be
good boy my mind right now is it's like
a lemon o'clock at night there's still
shops open and it's like a Tuesday
I'm extremely up I'm confused but
obviously if 7-elevens open I guess
they've got to be open you know you're
just going to do it I need to outro
today's vlog guys so thank you very much
for watching I'm sorry the vlog kind of
ended a bit abruptly with it just like
going to the restaurant and that
happening and stuff but it's what
happens in a relationship sometimes but
I got to end today's vlog start
tomorrow's now because it's like 2
o'clock tomorrow I'll just get out of
bed book go into a temple of a thousand
buddhas - be pretty else so make sure
you like rate subscribe I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. - the next day I
blog and until then adios
