try it it's a new day and we stand fresh
ignore the messy bed we won't talk about
that and ready a rocking rolling going
snowboarding today I think we could a
bunch of the people are actually doing
lessons so they've never done it before
they've never skied or anything so then
guys went up at like 8 o'clock this
morning to go and do lessons i mr.
prepared already know how to snowboard
I'm not exactly good but uh can I have
some breakfast let's see what cereal we
got left we got Cocoa Krispies
we got frosty flakes and got Froot Loops
I'm going over these breakfasts wolf
down and walk away with my lip to take
me to where I need to go he's better
norm a summer school oh yeah got my
board got my helmet on my GoPro he's my
brother Marty what are you still doing
there what are you what are you wait
what am I putting this that's how I get
my board washed I just asked my wife
should I do it only cost five dollars so
she'll get their gear to give us so we
can hit the slopes
yeah I'm fairly confident that's Luke 16
hours later we got here we practice it
over there we're gonna jump on the
Broadway Express I have no idea what
color slope this is but we're just gonna
do it we're just gonna go find out
please gentlemen this is why Maricruz
crazy especially california desert and
all that over there and it's you're
right
pure powdery snow holy crap and my homey
just crashed over there but she got off
the rum and just went flying and bailed
time to catch up with him he crashed
again no way she literally fucking bathe
and crush the entire she's gonna kill me
I said do not oppose me please dude I
hate trust me dude break break or risky
a fucking ski oh my god you fucking
idiot yeah you need to do some lessons
seriously oh my god I have you guys
right now
Mimi is gonna die like I know that's not
a good thing to say but we're on this
mountain going down
and she crashed coming off the ski lift
going down the first section of the hill
and then the clip you saw be filled and
then I said you need to learn how to
break it she went how do I break it I'm
like you're on the fucking top of a
mountain and you don't know how to break
Oh God
manse nobody is some sway ass work so
many people here money somebody's
Thursday afternoon you know what I'll
tell you one thing though I'm glad I'm
here getting that guard down sometime
that is exactly what I'm talking about
hey they've got music blast now the
speakers over there on that like I don't
even know what it's called
I really should know what that is
because I do watch quite a bit of X yeah
I'd never paid it's edgy - what the
bloody hell it's called yeah they're all
schools from the nearby area do you know
I want to say slalom racing again don't
really know much through the names but
these guys are doing racing and some of
them are so goddamn fast it's insane
I've been picking up some speed coming
down hearing like alright woken up the
chiller and slowed down but these guys
like Yolo Monica good no I wasn't
expecting that one but I just had a
pretty amazing phone call from Jaguar so
in a couple of months something very in
a respectful way overdue may be
happening oh yeah I've done this one a
bunch of times now so I'm gonna head
down to this one here which I think
takes you up the mouse into there and
then I want to shred it on down and
hopefully not get lost
look how crazy this is and you come up
here and if you go too fast they've got
a huge industrial net to catch you still
have no idea when anyone is poor I'm
gonna now drop off the edge of this I
have no idea what to expect and I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna hope well hmm
there's a caution sign there so I don't
know about that one but yeah I'm gonna
try and go down here now it's now double
the length of the ride I've been doing
already and I'm not gonna lie it might
not look too steep there but Jesus that
was insanely steep I didn't see one
snowboarder come down it I got down it I
liked fine but I did a bit of like the
shuffle most like the side-to-side till
I felt a bit confident and I just said
to myself just got a fucking come here
how are you gonna get better at it if
you don't just commit to it so how come
it - it actually flew down pretty fast
feeling pretty goddamn good however I am
on my own Luke was training over there
but I don't see him there anymore so I
don't know if he's on this like practice
slope which I think it is I'm actually
gonna check out this practice slope
she's actually
still alive right she actually asked me
how to break did you film it okay hey
Chris how you doing
I found the crew is Chris I thought oh
my god he literally has a death wish
okay Chris Chris tree and then skis bro
hey this is kind of nice sorry I know
he's dead windy boy don't cross me from
the people first now come this way grace
grace gone Chris go this way come on I
couldn't stop himself on the five hours
later Chris come on so I've never done a
box properly before anything that I do
it three times really big it wasn't
exactly the highest but I don't really
think you can get much higher off that
because look at the drop but I am
actually very proud of myself not scared
in the slightest Miriam are you alive I
see what happened because I was like
practicing on a little job said I'm a
proper golfer I know they're only tiny
but it's kind of really fun like really
really fun I wanted to hit this even
harder like this little jump here but as
I came over the top I'd slow down
straight away cuz uh Chris and all them
saw some kid but it just like really had
apparently put some underling back funny
so we hope he's okay Oh looks like the
medics have arrived they got a little
ski slipper lift to pull him off and he
may have broke a rib
this little kid's gonna be alright did
you see did you see Vail Chris yo you
seen bail yeah
mmm yo Chris you ready to come hit the
jumps yeah swing you ready hit some
jumps yeah dude those goggles are so fly
now I don't know how this is gonna turn
out but I'm gonna give him my phone I'm
gonna try and film me going down all
these jumps I've never done jobs before
today and I just did a run where I
managed to hit every single one of them
and I'm really trying my best like get
some air have some fun so let's see how
this just comes out
that was the smoothest shot ever again I
know like it doesn't look like the most
epic job so I ever bought oh my god
that's the shot of the day I wanted I
wanted someone to fill me going down and
doing something rather than just going
down a fucking hill so that's what you
call a hell of a successful day Mammoth
Mountain honestly that was so much fun
like so much fun dude how did you do
I was hitting all the boxes we have a
loop down see you later boys
Godspeed good luck look at Luke trying
to climb up things oh look at him that
is that is camaraderie if I've ever seen
it it takes seven people to help Luke
climb stairs no are you doing what
you're doing
oh and obviously she's watching gained
imagine all right then
oh yeah you better know I changed up
good so did she always wanted to meet
for breakfast lunch and dinner right
wait really close okay Miriam do i film
crashing burst in her own yep good good
foam protective yeah we got we are
desert star
apricots apricots Africa kinda tastes
like ass
kind of tastes like raspberries kind of
tastes like cheese just I crave ass
loop orders good there we go okay go
ahead and still in these thank you but
as you can tell yeah yeah yeah it's full
of goddamn cilantro yes America I love
you so much so I got it without you oh
my god we got the hamster we got crab we
got card no this this is a question I'm
gonna ask you right now so you're having
a baby the baby's comin out no like
you've done the testing to go right your
kid has got six arms like six and they
all work like gonna look like
motherfucking my champion all right they
give the option we're gonna offer on the
baby right now I've removed the other
four arms and I'll just be a normal kid
you'll never know is it or do you keep
the baby with six arms you can't if you
went to the gym and you just slow with
six hours think about about the things
you can do with six guitar and they all
work right widget so would you like
would you keep would you say like yeah
the baby keeps it yeah we got one
against him keep the six arms are down
to two basic basic baby obviously the
girl boy oh you've got six hours but
then he could literally pick up they
could pick up the boy with one set of
arms but hold their legs and approach
them in the face at the same time
his wife would be great his we just
assumed agenda here everyone's that
finish their meal and Chris is still
here feasting just all this to Chris
this Dolly's got damn Christian do not
mess around oh yeah we all jump tell the
big ass fun to get in the big ass house
um II don't have a key no I'm actually
professional I'm breaking in true story
alcohol mmm that's not a true statement
right there you lied to really piss in
here yes are you really filming vaguely
I don't know what's worse the fact that
he woke up or the fact that you're
filming version on only can you not ski
you can't even ski you can even film a
video Joe we're going to the house
now we're going now because you've got
to get up early in the morning Mar
coming with us now
I'm gonna go gum I think the most
important thing I need to take away from
that is not that I failed to scare
someone that you heard in the background
that he was like no no no because she
realized you're still be like that but
you're doing it wrong I got a
professional vlogger of a girlfriend
god damn yours is nice and packed mine's
not so much however this is a
conglomerate it's not even a word but
this is pretty much all my gear that
I've got fit back into that suitcase and
then I've got dissemble all of this the
grind is very real right now oh shit
well my runescape I randomly just like
logged me out but I can't lug myself
back in I've got about 100 mils with
Jeremy if I die and lose all this oh my
god I managed to jump in my prayer was
turned off and turn it on straightaway
holy crap I nearly lost like 100 mils
with the gear in the game if you do not
know what this game is this will go
straight over your head what I'm saying
is the grind is real right now it's like
I've passed 12 at night I'm currently
editing the vlog whilst afk Gondry's
cape always about the XP boys it's
always about the grind
sleep in I need to get this edited
uploaded I'm not uploaded at 8 o'clock
in the morning if you know it's
yesterday's vlog went early and a lot of
people were like oh 12 your videos got
early I know and then a lot of people
like Tom you don't go to your vlog for
the day I had you guys just couldn't see
you so much you guys have Twitter then I
need you guys to follow me on Twitter a
life of Tom a turn of pote turn on post
notifications that way you'll get
notifications sent your phone as soon as
the vlogs live or more importantly if
you're subscribed right now and we need
to click the little Settings button near
where it says subscribed or if you've
not subscribed click it then click the
Settings tab and then click notify me
like of all the PLO's or whatever is
send all notifications that way whenever
I load you will get notification on your
phone or your email when they upload not
just every now and again randomly every
time so get that book and switch but I'm
gonna go now guys thank you very much
for watching I'm really sorry about
yesterday's vlog going early so much so
many people didn't see yesterday's vlogs
and because it went early so so many
people just didn't see it so if you guys
want to check it out just go to like my
channel check out yesterday's vlog it
was really good we went snowmobile
snowmobiling and it was a really really
good day so hope you guys enjoy but
nonetheless make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe turn on all the
locations I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for the next day luck which I
hope is on time so much love beside us
