that was attraction now is the final day
in Florida time to start the day get on
the road and actually go and get in the
pool because this is total the music I
need to wake up to in the morning
rapping but the fucking rose wow this is
more like it
well jam it we ready to start the day
mmm spicy chicken sandwich with bacon
that's what I'm talking about
and as always Americans give us pickles
don't get it otherwise know well that
made you so happy
American no I couldn't download it what
elects elects lettuce or Alexis has got
Pokemon go download it put all the
information in and let's go hunting
Pokemon she made a character this is Lex
and this is her character she's not
really got ginger hair mushy yes
that's brown no it's not brown is that
brown already leave in the comments
please read okay then about two hours
until we have to catch the flight but
Chicago and thicker back is but what's
supposed to be Sun but now cloud so
please don't rain and please turn these
pale white socks applause this guy
really truly is incredible
I love this dude singing no no don't
worry be happy
perfect every person in Chicago one hot
dog one ketchup I catch up with
disgusting
do you know who I am I guess he does
they know you're in the daily bottoms a
cool
that's me wishing him hey Jack you just
saw me weirdly pouring ketchup on my hot
dog kind of weird very nice to meet a
scotch guy really awesome dude did
actually catch me weirdly pouring
ketchup on my hot dog but to everyone
from Chicago there's apparently upsets
you
according to Alexis why okay guess what
it is good to start the home adventure
get the bags get a taxi head to the
airport head back to LA abandon this one
thank God Wow listen just because you're
related to elephants in your ginger is
not my problem faculties so yeah all the
stuff and now I gotta head back probably
like eight hours of flying for me so
it's gonna be a long-ass journey oh my
goodness Lex is about to try and catch a
very first pokémon and bulbasaur witty
catch it I think so no way the first
Pokemon you ever got was a Bulbasaur ah
did I gain you think I don't got you
call your facebook come on high five
well hummus oh my gosh
sweet okay so this is how it works get
to name it I don't know
registered to pokédex oh that's awesome
we tried it like crazy so you don't
stick up like super super rounds okay
we'll see all right
call your first yeah I'm so talented
Thanks
should I call you oh you came it was
this your name to name my project
goodbye Florida it's been amazing the
weather's been incredibly random but
nonetheless it's time to get inside the
airport chip okay check that bag and
maybe check that stage carrier I didn't
carry that of I doubt it's the size of a
child it's the size of a human as long
as you get better in the seat I think I
could stuff him under you think that
could be okay uh let's just say by some
miracle she managed to sneak a stitch
object this entire way so that's a good
job and also again would you be
surprised we're feeding the ginger one
more time gingers it's not interesting
gingers and diabetics together just a
combination or feeding you like like you
said you're like a cat except to keep
feeding your feeding you're feeling my
analyzed happy but there's your top
there's your cat toy there's your food
I'll let y'all to go place off at my cat
eyeliner Oh like oh my god just ah I'm a
cat cat got enemy however hey so first
of all note a this fact legs just told
me if you buy one of these which is
called a life saver I'm pretty sure in
the comments we can agree it's called a
polo mint so if you bought a polo mint
in the back it apparently sparked it
sparks in your mouth we did it when I
was on like third grade we went on a
camping thing and it was like mmm I
swear it was like in the middle of the
woods and they like they like sort of
like light up kinda
really google it
um is quite petrifying how white is
tithi my god how was a great question I
agreed that much I threw the phone
elections I'm really sure that looks
like a crazy stop right up anything
I guess this is the last time I'm gonna
see you for a while homie oh I know oh
there's a sunburn on my knee I came out
like all talent show you I'm compared to
Miami
oh one blob changes to be a great trip I
will see you to problems have fun with
your travels she's so sick I guarantee
like tomorrow I'm gonna be sniffling all
because of her
safe trying not to cough out of food
well I'm being able to come to go to
Spain I'm gonna get more time and I'll
come back a monkey please remain seated
with your seatbelt fastened until the
seatbelt sign is turned off there we go
and keep the aisle
the consulship next on Los Angeles
goodbye Chicago one did it los angeles i
am exhausted
can i go to my apartment hop back to the
apartment back to a back to real life
basically the Florida trip was
absolutely awesome you've gotta be
kidding me
there's just no way this thing hasn't
fully touched the ground yet I love this
motherfucker is is still it's still what
the hell those things have survived
probably about a month nah wait my
sister's birthday was may not get nearly
a full month they've been surviving but
been back to the apartment and received
some items much look to Moffit isn't
sponsored they actually hooked me up
with one of their new packs that the
guys something that I've used if I
trampled now okay totally stop to
restart the video but I've always used a
movi case just the light charges to fly
kind of switched it out recently to the
the hit case and the reason for this is
there is right I changed it out to the
hit case recently just because it's got
this like extended wide angle like
camera lens on it again this isn't
sponsored this is just a company in
Canada that hooked me up with it whilst
I was out there and you can change out
the lenses on this bad boy
so that's been really really useful but
it's like the mortgage doesn't have any
accessibility to do it so I currently
stopped using mow fees and to say how
many movies I've got like there's
there's one there's two there's three
another think there's another two in
that bag but they just don't get used
and less like a rope completely run out
of battery something's up
wilfy of now because that's like that
judges your fault 100% that judges your
fall 920 hundred and twenty sort of
thing
now Mophie that took me up with a brand
new bad boy they've got which is one
hundred and fifty percent so really
appreciate that team thank you so much
and it's the old school design lasagna
which is awesome you can even tell the
difference between like this is without
the hit case so like I'm filming that
box directly in the middle you can see
how much you can actually see like
wide-angle everything now let me put the
hit case on which totally drop the lines
in there but let me continue filming
again with this with the hit case as you
can see it's like a vloggers wet dream
for an iPhone because you can just get
so much more in without it being to
stretch like a fisheye it's just a stand
wide-angle lens but yeah this is why I
got Sun but this is the razor Man O'War
and the hammer head Pro v2 I've had
these before actually I've had these
ones before
I'm Leviathan mini I left mine back in
the UK so now I've got this bubble I can
take music on the go so that's awesome
but this bad boy oh my god this is this
is this is so oh my god this is
something new I haven't actually seen
this before I don't know if this is the
wired version while the wireless version
it will probably say it on it on the
back of something but crow rendition
Wireless freedom gaming infidel infidel
evil that's not right Wireless freedom
gaming fidelity Nelly bear so okay yes
we asked us I'll try them out tomorrow
and hook them a bowl on nice and neat so
again tracer thank you very much for
that needed some new stuff and was good
we might be moving all towards the man
of wars and stepping away from the Adaro
z-- so everyone knows me for wearing
these bad boys in like pretty much a
year or twos worth of videos but it now
might change to the man was these are
thank you for being one my best sponsors
at all time and thank you very much for
the new headset can't wait to try it out
you guys are legends I'm still yet to
pimp this room a line this is the
current setup as it stands the monitor
is a great the computer is going to get
upgraded really really really really
soon looks like all the new 1080 graphic
cards and stuff like that are out from a
from a video but what I'm supposed to be
doing this room is I was pushed coat the
entire walls in soundproofing but last
time that was done when you take it off
it rooms the walls and you have to like
you know sand it all down and repaint
and it should pay any ass so I think I
might try and find some different sound
boarding if I don't get any
recommendations leave it in the comment
but yeah let me put it all on the walls
and take it down pretty easy without
leaving a mess so that when I'm in here
the voice is an echoing except I forgot
this epic mic which does a pretty good
job of like stopping any echo and
picking up any background noise but it's
not quite good enough the rear o'clock
in the morning the vog is now edited
I've got loaded title at thumbnail and
then I can go to sleep so thank you very
much for watching guys I'm gonna go to
bed make sure leave a like rating if you
enjoyed the video subscribe if you're
new around a new video every day at 6
p.m. UK time and really appreciate all
the positive support and just people
enjoying the vlogs no matter what so I'm
not no go to bed the guys faces and
adios
