like how I just find you just chillin
out of NOAA and can we show the swag oh
dude dude hey bro concern brother see
this follow me whoa whoa whoa whoa
welcome your faces to a new dawn a new
day a he was gonna set new Minecraft a
weird-ass hotel room I am currently
gonna be attending III with xbox and
we're staying
a place called the standard where
everything here looks trippy for example
let's go into the bathroom okay then
everything's so simplistic and standard
that oh yeah totally know it that's a
glass wall between the shower on the bed
all right you got the fisheye lens on to
make it a little bit bigger will not
push out the wider angle lens but here
we are welcome to the hotel this is my
very simple desk with a very simple room
I everything's so plain but it's so like
nice for the record this bed is unreal
we comfort at first don't water bed like
wait I literally cannot tell if it's a
waterbed actually what it's definitely
not water but Brit is very confident
never look at the bathroom and you would
assume that yes if you have a girlfriend
or boyfriend and you're in bed you get
to watch them shower and enjoy it so
you're evilly being really sexy or
really creepy by staying at the other
person I wonder if there's like a
built-in blind till to close it or not
cause from what I'm seeing there's not
ah absolutely beautiful day in LA where
there is no Sun whatsoever Mary are you
ready for adventure c3 like for the--
fruit together maybe yeah and this is
the crew where is it
where's Mazama gay Easter eggs Easter
Egg Easter Egg Easter
he's very lucky oh my goodness well
Benny where we made it we made it to e3
day one date you knurl one day anyone I
didn't do day zero I was in Anaheim
we've got we've got Benny we got all the
homies oh good it's a little just
watching you you like a little Easter
egg you're gonna be doing like sign
language in the background of our videos
or some shit yes yeah and we've got and
we've got the best footballer out all
the side man I'm great ever
dude you're fucking genius I was I was
actually hoping you're gonna score and
their own Jews do shit oh dude yes see
you're the MVP of the match really stop
now but I have to say minus' goal from
the halfway line good she was a glitch
yeah dude he hacked the system
everyone stressing trying to get the
budget and I'm currently looking at my
future car oh my god I want it I need it
I want to get my life wise if you see my
new car so Monica yeah I was like JJ
your cars are up nice and cute I miss
his old orange and purple colors so I
thought I went up in with a black and
yellow it's nice that ku will kill him
oh wow I mean the whole thing's carbon
fiber holy shit then oh snap
and we go okay I'm going to this woman
we go we go we go we go disaster by joke
here we go Wow Oh God down yeah do not
go falling a bitch
well we made it to expires but you're
looking just look at Wow
get up there get on up it's pretty
there's lots of green lights right this
is a valid point I've just brought off
when the Xbox first came out the Xbox
one all the people in the venue when it
got announced got like the door that's
one of the issues because you Merlin it
was very hot in there yeah they all got
one where was but they all got a console
so now if the Xbox one slim gets
announced we might get one if I get one
if I get one I'm giving it away oh you
work at X but do you know I don't know
anything fucking knows I feel like I've
got night vision too speaking of nose
like he fucking knows it's right there
you fucking up look at look upon the
behind is this
that's an autop excited Oh
so it's really nice
not really really
the
Wow
going they just made it kept rising
Franky's by surprises
ah
yes
yes
so excited for this game
yep it's gonna have a CPU cores over 320
gigabytes per second of memory bandwidth
six teraflops of GPU power
it's a monster
the chaos of exiting begins immediately
however new console slim one Superstock
that think it's really cool but then
they announce that even though they've
got a slim console well you've got a new
like even more improved on SOCOM coming
out so like I don't see the point in
getting the smaller console now so
either way super cool enjoyed to be here
Xbox thanks for their may know you don't
get hugs only Sonya okay
favorite Canadian of macho Rex oh my god
let's get out of here do you think that
they are like slim council cool but then
they announce a new console so like I'll
just get on that woman yeah it's a long
time out of the conference Oh mm mm mm
okay okay yeah interesting I'll have to
think about it you're doing your job now
you're actually doing you know I'm
actually working once is actually have a
shot straight man this is the 360 camera
yeah which one is it I need love okay
are you ready wise not ready all to be
in 360 he yes
like it I like even though I nearly
walked into a lamppost and this is so
fucking sketchy where the hell are we
we're not worse places in this haven't
you couldn't walk around I'll show you
some I don't I just don't know how I
feel about this but you know what it
looks pretty fucking good day and age is
this well this is it this is selfie
light is this what this is content Tom
your microphone is gone my two for the
floor look I'm getting schooled right
now I've got wide-angle lens on this
again okay fucking showing off we're
struggle for choice of where to sit in
here where could we sit further wait
here's the designated cook yeah yeah
okay I'm sitting as close as possible to
the cook Brian Korean food yes what is
it
what is right for the table I feel like
a cotton ball but it is actually really
good yeah just stays very weird thank
you so much for secretly being the chef
cuz I get the food first and you get it
last what of course I'm getting it there
what time is it what is it like is it
under 12 o'clock ah lunch time we're
good mmm this is the mattifying we've
sent boy very good height hita May how
long until ETA TJ have food
my miss and how long until you devour
all that me next to you boys not done in
five minutes
oh we're gonna go to plan you're just
gonna love this yourself in that meat
that's right dude you need to rub it all
over your body for a thumbnail to the
1v1 wrestle with pamaj I'm like in
absolute agony and then cartoons down
here by yo get so get some Advil what
I'm like nah I'm good and all that and
all of a sudden just disappeared it
comes back about five minutes later with
an entire top of advil you just went
down the street to go by myself
yeah dude you're a homie thank you so
much actually in a lot of pain can you
taking care of me
I'll remember that yet you want it that
size their minds are go dumb like wine
bottle size I'm compensating what sure
yeah why don't what oh wow the green
ones okay so come on take the green was
crazy
oh oh she gave you the option of coffee
or green tea no big deal like shit this
one's amazing all yours
this is the incredibleness
this is really 25 auctioneers but web
any like I rolled in the back until you
like get into it it's like am I almost
passed out is hilarious I so so good
adventure continues with an Xbox party
of sauce or a capping session guess
playing Forza and we're going in I wait
patiently for my time to play dead
rising for and until then look at this
this is the Xbox like capture by so you
come in they give you like a hard drive
and then just get to spy on all these
devices or console even I'm just get to
God but I'm trying to spawn but there it
is I'll try to spot whether news
conference will go back over there and
take a look at so then I'm gonna chill
out with a bear relax and just really
enjoy the fact I had like five hours
sleep at my hotel and I feel so damn
fresh this game looks so damn good this
is like a stream as heaven
pirates paradise basically you're a
badass pirate but I want to know how big
the game is I don't want it to be like
five seconds wrong I want it to be like
huge so I'll just let the way inside
my goodness I found it it's beautiful
but it's so much fun so much small
James I'm about they have security
guards here like as if someone's
genuinely gonna try and steal it so I
guess they're actually working models
stood here looking like look I love
terrifying he's following me on Twitter
but also this guy comes later it's like
is that you want to get shanked about
what you want to get shot over might
snap you didn't powder I guess what I'm
not gonna do right follow me on Twitter
nope but that's not my business
oh this we got a little mini gift to
leave with and when we open it up what
what did they give us want to give us
where to give us look at this it's a
mini I can't even get in it goddammit
it's a little mini Xbox oh that's so
cute yo who's dropping these tunes oh
yeah you I dream Oh
oh my god our SAS security Barling my
eye SSS SSS SSS our body guard is here
right now
you ready just gotta go now you folks
ready really cool you can see you can I
do
ready to hear to casket wait here's
Allah Jericho's here order oh let's find
a boner oh my goodness me
the monster got hot again
Donna Donna Donna okay Josh it's not
only gay if you make it gay don't make
it gay my ribs are still hurting because
my medicine wore off of you you're
actually a really really awesome if you
did you are going to be more I predated
I'm just a listen this is actually my
dispensary driver collection you're good
just chillin man just chilly and then we
got the fun line
just do the whole wait whoa whoa you
know that
Oh
what so fuck it
I ever seen pamaj again you know what
what you doing here
I just got here - I'm in agony I feel
like I feel like you broke my ribs and
honest - get that checked out all right
hospital bills don't do that
Hey
I like how many official houses like
focus
Oh God
I know much intro it's very why so few
not that looks like a really go see nice
that's a really legal see to go right
now okay you may want turn around we're
making our way into the biggest house in
all the area wait Mike is this where
we're going
Jesus cry out how many bedrooms is this
seven this is the only seven this house
in the way oh I've gotta get MTV Cribs
have to walk up to the house the mosque
ah holy shit
is it what give me a chalk you better
give me the toilet I'm not sure yeah
give it to open whoa whoa yeah okay go
yeah oh and be our unfortunate team okay
there's alcohol here people do I get a
room tonight
oh well so I'm the lesson partner whoa
wait does it ask you can't walk be
vlogging though I gotta see the grill
nah okay where wait is it hot is it hot
oh oh oh it's not a bad wait oh the
chart color there's a hot tub
wait is that that there's steam coming
off this right now
wait is this hot just heart oh that's
hot yo that is hot is this hot well this
is a is it up oh it's hot Oh killer
not bad this is a great after pie she's
how you doing III after by showing out
and a hot tub with a view like this
behind you perfection but pamaj I'm
still gonna kill you I got a broken rib
but luckily alcohol will sell the
problem cheers my friend
cheers to success right here
he's like Saad Eddin Sabri this is
asserted it's like another one yeah
good III so far good night really really
really tired really really really
exhausted from pamaj yeah I start he
didn't break a rib but I'm like I'm
exhausted spot and I'm bruises fuck's up
the Maj you're in this building
somewhere I will find you and and be a
real cute do MV ever win a college doing
much oh wow oh there is a bathroom is a
alright we found a bathroom alright I
found after I thought now don't shoot a
duck away you can put this on I can't
put this on youtube just don't vlog me
in the same fucking bathroom what if
fucking tried to lock me in the bus and
with your fucking window for one in this
entire house of like 20 people has hair
gel towels or spare and away Bruno happy
he's not helping on oh wait a minute
we'll find out in the next chapter of
Tom's blogs now that's a nice fire but
what what is this this is your closet I
feel like you're like a fucking like a
cannibal Museum of mirrors but what no
way
this is a fuck this is an infinity
bathtub oh this is impressive
this is pretty impressive you take your
faith I appreciate Boeing fine thanks
that the hair gel there's actually
fucking hedge on this house
homie thanks to the house by a good dude
oh this door opens they store fucking
opens wah wah wah wah wah wah
this is a nation sleep nice babe nice
babe nauseous listen if I was drunk
enough I would try to jump from here to
there but I don't think I could make it
so for another day I'll survive MLG
Brennan 4gg MLG pamaj no nose a little
imagine working more to many others - no
I just mouth nice joke yo
I'm literally filming a video I'm
filming a video
hey I find a skating so turn right now
nothing but batter cheese made that good
nothing good good that good dude oh hey
Sven you wanna watch yourself it's a
good stupid oh my goodness me am I in so
much pain right now it's not even funny
I can't wait how the fuck David push the
bullying to go to my hotel room I don't
even know I know that's not for being
drunk as hell literally look how many
buttons are is yeah I don't know how
that shit works but either way this is
the most modern hotel in the world with
the oldest elevator system look even
when you press the button it doesn't
even like show you which one you're
going to so great last night
really really cool hanging out in the
monster cat guys and everything Josh og
was there I had no idea was gonna be
there really really really good time I
went in the hot tub when the pool dried
off I came back I might just fight my
hair back up I was like jeez so yeah it
was really given I got a taxi home with
her her golden his girlfriend and it was
just really nice just to capture with
that moment so you know forever like I
used to live with Golda for like two
years it's kind of crazy so nice to
catch it with them but I'm looking
forward to going to bed and passing the
hell out unlike you guys care part of my
broken rib is destroying me right now I
got in bed like 10 minutes past 5:00 it
is now 10 to 6:00 in the morning and I
just finished editing the vlog on my
mobile phone
trying to move along today kind of crazy
but a great night great time hanging
with everyone this is my wristband
collection when I go to e3 I put on as
many responses could get so this is
probably like all the way man like to
the end of my arm by the event end of
the event so I'm exhausted I am NOT
saying an alarm tomorrow I'm just gonna
turn up at each range like I'm enjoying
it that's it they're paying for the rest
of night so twitch by tomorrow I hope
you guys have enjoyed today's long as
you have hey Cheerilee like going to
show your friends 6 p.m. UK tomorrow I
logged in the next vlog and we're trying
our best to get these vlogs up on time
because if I don't I let myself down I
let you guys down and I don't wanna do
that so I'm sleeping thanks for watching
until tomorrow
thud pleasure hanging out with everyone
and let's see what III
2016 has to offer adios
