what is with America poison cilantro and
everything I'm allergic
by allergic I mean it tastes like
burning metal ow
we're actually in sunlight for once what
is this about thank God
actual sunlight oh and she's wearing a
cup so she doesn't get the Sun in her
face
I don't get Sun on my face I thought of
her my head yeah yeah chinches I'm
assuming that that is our taxi right
there pretending it's a plane just
casually cruising with its doors wide
open
yes oh this is exactly what we need
today a lazy river of relaxation and
then we're gonna meet some dolphins
Discovery Cove for the win oh my
goodness me this is exactly where I want
to be no craziness no madness little
random foot foot rinses everywhere
this guy just like trippin his balls and
just rest and relaxation do the test
let's do the test is it like I don't
trust your judgment mildly I don't trust
it
oh that's put thanks thanks this is even
gonna be a great decision or a bad
decision but I'm hoping that my hitcase
that I got from Canada the waterproof
version is gonna survive what are you
doing back here
because I just realized I don't need to
go in the bathrooms I'm putting my
specimen suits underneath us why are we
need to go or bathroom well I don't know
hopefully this doesn't sound terribly
blood if it does I apologize but it's as
blessed as it's gonna get lost an hour
in the wall rest in pieces
rested fences rusty pieces let your walk
oh oh my fish I have a floating because
he just keeps we make them swim swim
swimming just here look hey wait a
minute what no you know what I'm gonna
capsize your ship yeah we'll see how
that goes ginger
come on
a spook built that's one oh my god what
is that don't don't know rest in pieces
person who died in the arms or a shock
why you so scared
this is the good life
I stole Alexis flow and now she's
dragging me along yes take me to the bar
all-you-can-eat salted pretzels
all-you-can-eat chocolate chip cookies
ices crisps perfect okey-dokey June's
we're gonna meet a dual pin so I can't
take my phone in to film it but they
apparently film it professionally so
we'll just see how that goes it's going
to sound like an absolute potato but the
dolphin experience was amazing couldn't
film it because we had to put our phone
inside a locker and the video footage
that they recorded like that you buy
they going to give that us on a DVD to
collect later so I'm going to try and
transfer off a DVD somehow and put it
into the void I don't know how I'm gonna
do that so if there's no footage of the
dolphin in this today I'll try and put
it in a few today so I'm sorry tried and
failed but either way we're now gonna go
snorkeling underwater so prepare for
really bad audio again
no it's not a lot much of a difficult
concept that nose goes here the eyes go
here you okay don't like that's awesome
you're going insane try it try to stop
oh
special girl and off the lights you guys
oh my god
sadface dirty
Oakley's happy face Oakley cleaning kit
rofl sad face I just dropped them in the
sand that and boom Khartoum washed them
clean them look how brand-new they look
now oh my gosh delicious now that shit
has got her Discovery Cove you were
absolutely amazing such an awesome
resort but I became definitely will come
back ten out of ten yeah it was
definitely one of the best days Oh
without a fucking now next up roller
coasters you ever mean where is
technology fewer and we just found out
that these tickets get us into
everywhere we need to go for free so
just save that saves it themselves $180
likes is a hat store over there if you
wanna you know grunts and five more
hours looking for one you're fuckin shit
totally applying sunscreen and all these
guys like wait a minute you said
syndicate right now you're in the vlog
hello you know why they're pink no why
I eat a lot of shrimp bullshit wait I
won't speak oh oh they're not Nick
wah-wah-wah-wah oh look at sassy bastard
damn damn I'm sure we're gonna get wet
see this bill the rides called Manta but
either way oh my god 45 minutes to go
all right see well this is some bullshit
got a walker the size of a toothbrush
how am I supposed to fit this bag in
there what's fuckin nailed it there's
baby humming each other we just respond
with these little bad boys and that one
just looks crazy baby hi so cute so
majestic much queuing bolts eyes up
talking let's do this mom who was
actually really worth wait um are you
man I saw like not that one works really
really really good yeah and then it kind
of just like stag memory stop so you
lose the hype and then I carried on with
something that wasn't like I mean
everything two of those oh my go that I
backwards but yeah it won again okay it
was really really good
which in tennis listen very well you're
well impressed I know I'm so excited
he's good-looking so you're sort of us
you know let's just eat like chunky them
cheese Amano's black
sweet but be lying if I said I am not
completely terrified right now but at
the same time oh sure ah ah Wow and I
looked ridiculous which ones that one
now for chilling because it's not 1990 I
don't have a cd-rom on my laptop to be
able to get off the video from the
dolphin stuff so probably want to get
back to LA I'll be able to like get all
the footage back I'll share it with you
guys I know it's like super far away and
it sucks that it's so distance but very
good day today we went doing cool shit
like scuba diving sort of snorkeling it
was epic and I've had a really good day
but it's like midnight now I got a late
night snack of chicken wings and chips
they call it and they actually just gave
me crisps so I have no fucking idea why
this is a thing but nonetheless I'm
going to eat this go to bed and tomorrow
it's going to be the 4th of July so
expect a lot of fireworks if you've got
epilepsy skip tomorrow's vlog I highly
advise it so thank you ever told you sar
dude and goodbye
