ah today's vlog was two hours late
because you cheap was like I have no
fucking idea how to calculate the time
to upload your video and that's J
patiently waiting That moment when songs
really really close to you in the car
and then I know right and the warning
sensor being closely something's going
crazy it's a final day in Canada and
arraigned finally finally yeah you know
what it's just every day we're gonna
kinda rain I'm glad that we're not
leaving and it's like a ridiculous a
nice day otherwise I would be pissed but
Lee it's been a pleasure hanging out
with you even though you did
aggressively home I like yesterday not
gonna lie that was kind of sketchy and
Brad
as always you were a goddamn hero
amongst men thank you for everything
this is what I want to do so this has
been awesome and I'm such a homer for
the city I love showing you guys love
showing people that city we're gonna
miss you we're gonna definitely miss you
and now if Jay doesn't see this park
he might shit himself Brad I'll be right
back I've got you one thing I just gotta
do one thing I'm adding to the rubbing
I'm doing it I'm doing it doing it doing
it
beautiful got the weirdest looks of
everyone around this park right then for
just walking straight over from there
and rubbing one of their asses so not
too sure what it is why this but there's
loads of them
they're gonna come alive one day and
just eat people ah yeah look how excited
he is we come back that's what we have
to do you jet skis I love jet skis
come
so much rubric Jimmy I don't want to go
but I do want food I'm starving I have
to say that was the one thing look at
him he's like we got in the helicopter
Oh going on the helicopter was that yet
it doesn't look right
he's like I could smell fuel but no no
no no no time to return as always your
champion of man thank you so much for
everything
this is it this is a wicked week but get
the hell out of my car I'm gonna go have
a nap or something huh yeah we need to
I'm gonna go home
summer's over and just contemplate what
the fuck just happened for last four
days of my life
mind blown Billy found it found it thank
you catch you later back under
two-year-olds traveling with you you get
people any kids back with you hello I
fucking hope not
just like that I am back in u.s.
territory and I have to locate Jay I
have no idea where the hell he is
there's some sort of sick joke there's
some sausage joke you're drinking you're
you're an animal why would you do that
yourself you're crazy
he made a good decision no Jay you came
to this bar and grill and they have salt
and pepper chicken wings how was Canada
it's my favorite thing in the world for
a reason
are you gonna move that I would like to
Jay that doesn't look like commitment
are you gonna move there if it's fucker
that didn't look right you went in as my
finger was there you like to make this a
bit less wish okay
describe your trip in three words
adventurous majestic Oh exhausting yeah
that's true ones and good content now
what the hell I've seen a real bear
you ain't shit these graphics are lit
bro so sick how have you survived with
me for four days
you don't listen to this ski ski ski is
seasoning it's kind of sketchy
doesn't taste seasoned crimes every two
more last time in Canada for a whole ten
days before you return
dude she rushed us to get on this plane
and there's a huge queue down sweet home
and it is overcast three adventures come
to a close
come in my friend my travel buddy my
trouble companion Thank You Phil mathy
food you guys want to see some swaggy
swaggy ice photos his Instagram is gonna
be down below how many you want 30
summer yeah I want to get him on fifty
thousand Falls and Instagram so go down
below and click that follow button and I
want everyone to use the fire emoji in
your comments and convinced oh go away
soon again so I will you me need to
travel cuz your shits lit and I'm a
torch wait what oh snap boys just go
back to my apartment in LA and I have
received the golden ticket Oh ladies and
gentlemen this is from what I think it
is should be an invite to pod XP yes all
that is amazing actors invite you to
things college even called you your fun
celebration of the year Oh God XP 2016
boys yes I'm going has to be done
getting some McDonald's really great you
might knowledge three days and robot
ready changed showered everything fresh
feeling good heading to Anaheim
Convention Center to MLG it's gonna be
over the uptick guys hex and diesel
everyone and just get obliterated
literally so tomorrow I'm gonna be
hungover and today is gonna be a good
day so I'm extremely tired just want to
go to bed but I want to hang out with
the homies some getting food being smart
then going drinking that the night
commenced I like that as soon as I get
here I'm like a lost child walking along
and then diesel
comes and saves a day it is likes our
dude so now we're going checking up to
win
I think I got talking to you all right
let's watch optical in wow just look at
it so beautiful such a lot of people
answer Holly is oh my god dude this is
so legit
holy shit in fall optic winds they go
that was easy
came here a double cheeseburger they win
I'm a good luck charm
I'm joking I do all the events though I
always have to do actually every time I
usually come they always lose so balls
glide but again it's made thanks for
totally not stealing me you're passing
by me in Oh first first ever person who
works a youtube network or anything with
hi who got me into this damn country in
the first place and supported me from
the start
I'm doing YouTube cuz he's my pal you
know what look up the beefcake he looks
with his short hair I did of you yeah
that needle shorter I when you're born
it's gone boy to me right now but we're
sneaky backstage going to meet you but
yeah we can I go with you
yeah you're right ok now I'm behind the
scenes where's mavin West maybe we're
the boys where's their allow up to
gaming face plan oh my god oh my god
this place is beautiful
well since the last time I actually came
in everything is so fucking like stepped
up it all looks so professional I look
super nice you know what I'm impressed
this just lit and it's ordered solder
solder solder hey I'm so happy to be
back at these events because I always
find my favorite people
I can finally asked him the question did
you find the spider
actually we did on the last day
reversing a bit much I love you did hard
decisions and mistakes Cheers
disgusting tastes like water
I've heard some cool shit tonight but
nothing has been better than this guy
where's your brother
areas so you guys have made it to LA
bucket I'm look like apart from seeing
double you guys are gonna move to a long
we are yeah 10 oz for a temp is moving
to LA Ray's moving to LA who else on top
lazy kid everybody effects they're all
going and he's everyone 21 boss oh yeah
oh my 8 when they're in LA the bogs
they're gonna be lit shit and when I get
my helicopter license up here I know you
logging walk seven you've got guys in it
good it started off
you need to get in this love right over
here
why is he doing what is this is a custom
yes of a guy's face off
please listen else come on that's enough
he did it smells for class talk line if
you do not love England then go shoot
yourself with a teaspoon yeah but if you
love England make sure you drop a light
rain shower you should get superfluous I
don't know
shipping yeah literally across the
proclamation in Manchester yeah and
we've never met you know we need to go
shit together ok England we need started
up why is that priority but I don't fuck
my fucking life okay yeah yeah so two
good times go and the great longs to
several fucking bad decisions just a
clicking be specific you did no such
thing
own a beast I am in the end I got a cool
dude much too much they don't have any
rooms left first and are we spooning
tonight we are Bihar buddy I was like
really enjoyment I now what are you
doing I'm running in circle life's too
short
make the most of it I guess exhausted
next time I go against a certain SIG's
full yeah giant bug ah yeah Tom your
shortest fuck but yo you hold on yo your
hold your own you out lon
when we're 80 or 90 we're gonna look
back to this video
that we're like yo this was respect this
was fun
this is what we expected a that is
that's what it is
everyone everyone who didn't know what
was going on was like oh my god the
fight you're like no my god no so my
shoes off my phone's out and we tested
it we dropped out captain for time that
was good that was good I genuinely had
you but you just wouldn't give him I
never never I thought he loved Canadians
I love you though oh I love men
my Canadian best friends make our way
outside to the fresh air to find
ourselves a past our person he's
sleeping in his natural habitat we don't
know his name his identity or anything
I've altered her maneuver I don't know
who he is I don't know where he's going
like I'm Anubha to send him home whoever
he needs to go whoever you are if you
see this I saved you
okay
thick oh yeah this is the the solder
mobile saw the soldered 'mobile Oh
solder and then there was - just me Tom
on Tom
it's uh no I can't accept the fucking
this okay there's no one in here
absolutely no one in denny's and me and
the tallest man face more food me I'm
the tallest our Canada just turned up
for food so we do with this is the same
one we went to yeah this was the same
one three years ago we came to in turn
oh my god was it just a table for one
man and twelve people what well I'm on
my first ever date with pamaj and
prettier where'd you get your words
again he's not even holding my hand that
is crossing us holding hands where did
you get the honey I got two dishes and
you've been the most disrespectful date
of mine I'm sorry
no you know up a much a wonderful so oh
my gosh my god are you gonna eat all of
this wrap should split it so gorgeous oh
my god salad for the record it doesn't
smell like maple syrup that's 100 hours
100 is it actually smell have a
preserver or is it rumours Sasebo yeah
put the zero face oh my goodness me it
is actually daytime what are you doing
you contemplating life like how are we
walking to our hotel I'm sharing a bed
with you tonight like literally sharing
a bed we've walked outside Denny's
massive shouts a good woman Jericho for
the year they know they were here
we miss you homies but look at this like
it's daytime right watch it slick so
fuck it's literally lit like that what
time is it we tell me let me tell you
you've still got the barbecued 540 what
5:40 in the morning how much sleep you
even gonna get hard enough you're so
we're gonna get like two hours sleep and
then won't get up at 10 a.m.
probably what's the optic gaming match
yeah they're gonna win and there we are
we start again here we go oh my god so
on that note I'm totally just going to
vlog kicks I'm gonna have to start
editing it at some point like I'm grab
so you could look with wait so who
you've got three people staying in your
room and you'll be sharing a bed yeah so
I have to lay in bed whilst editing all
my clips from today if you want so I'm
gonna drive every single person saying I
don't store I do well I've been told via
the women I snore hit up actor he's
gonna room with you little chicken I
snore I apologize oh dude if hacks will
share room with me got one bed oh I'll
take that one I'll take that one no but
um it's gonna be interesting
ace is the one who usually just sleeps
on the couch and then he just like
bummed out but instead I'm like the bum
of the group I'm gonna be wearing the
same clothes if you meet me at this trip
I'm wearing I am wearing the same
clothes that's the same underwear
the next day so shower genetic well
eight realist realistically this is all
fresh clothes from 9 p.m. yesterday 9
from not even been wearing for 24 hours
even if I wore it till your for an
entire day yeah I would judge you if I
take it off and get naked in bed then I
put them back on
don't and then when I wake up put them
back on and then till 9 p.m. but that's
fresh I'd only been wearing of 24 hours
okay like so far I've been well wearing
these 12 I don't judge
alright I'm just over right now I'm
charged live and let live that's what I
say
life's too short lives you should make
the most of clothes
