yes day two begins Universal and out is
where we're heading yeah we are at
Disneyland world oh we are at Disney
World bought I really really really want
to go and see the Harry Potter so we're
heading over there she's wearing a Harry
Potter shirt and it just makes total
sense so that's where we're going oh my
goodness that is a hell of a lot of
security dinosaurs and it's like tsa
secure feel like I'm a goddamn Airport
too many dumb bunnies go home you said
you needed a hat close your eyes put
your goss's on close your eyes
nailed it take a look of everything in
the store that I could possibly buy it
would have to be AJ look at them are so
cute I need to buy these two individual
ones and have them everywhere in my
house cuz you know why Hagrid I'm not a
 wife
okay that's just creepy cool even
creepier dinner I got Jimmy's jambalaya
I have no idea where but it's so damn
good this dish this is a 9.5 if you go
to where are we Margaritaville if you go
to Margaritaville and get the jimmies
jambalaya nine point five out of ten not
only in that much that's how
um
the building of flickering night crazy
what's going on what's going on what's
going on
that's awesome oh the volcano's going
off and it's growing up
it's so traumatic with all the lights
it's beautifully sunny but we just felt
that it's actually raining right now so
this is kind of weird and I was like
where the hell's the ring coming from
oh that's storm cloud over there great
Universal Florida Orlando or I think
that's the title may be a bit extended
but either way I've made it and here we
find on crazy-looking roller coaster
which I hope that we're going on
immediately oh this place is amazing
it's an entire Street just dedicated to
a marble wait is this is this marvel
please tell this is marvel oh my god he
looks more like a smaller drunken face
Chris Hemsworth but nonetheless kind of
works and I'm not gonna lie it's shrunk
everything not just his face oh wow look
at these guys trying to compete with the
syndicate original bands just saying
these come on that tweet you saw as a
better get rekt want more I want more
want more or not let the fun time for me
no calories
kako lose this can be the most dangerous
night of my life in your be careful if
you think
ah this looks amazing when Scott Scott
yes Thailand yes get inside 90 minutes
my ass where's the bus bus
rip puss-puss doesn't work for this one
so unfortunately we can't do that so we
have to wait an hour and a half you
excited I absolutely am very excited
yeah we're here in the wild waiting in
the line we observe the humans standing
in formation as if they're being told
what to do and where to go no they're
just queueing for a ride we're
going in boys we're going and oh yeah
you guys you're good yeah no you keep
going
I'm just gonna stand on this on this
leaf just under this leaf I'm in
survived having foot over there so we
weren't going to go on the water ride
because we didn't want to get wet um I
guess that didn't count is this some
sort of sick joke I've completely soaked
wet
no exception completely so what everyone
should is sticking to them please put a
nipple up here then it look up gorgeous
absolutely my gum is all fogged up look
at it it's completely completely
shutting it down
am i right I took my flight extended
lens off because you up or oh my
goodness me it is absolutely everyone
just one
completely so Wow
was riding City
I should really
damn we think you look like an outhouse
just didn't work
otherwise Ramos bad
on the road we have to just go all the
way now they're all over you get on the
ride I most likely won't be able to film
it just because of lightness this is not
just a actually have keep pretty freaky
the stars are so sick right
again most likely won't be able to film
anything because I don't know I think
it's like oh yes all 3d and stuff bought
if I cannot try like this whoa I like so
weird this only took us an hour and a
half to kill for you ready you hoping
this is worth away
it's close we were about me to James
lies amazing
Oh
so we go
right it was really good like really
cool animatronics were incredible like
the 3d animation was insane it's a 4d
right it was like really good for what
it is
was it worth the hour and a half wait I
don't think so what about it it's very
similar the one in California yeah it's
got like an extended like first piece
added onto it but if you're just in
California and you're that you'd wait in
wait 20 minutes
you're next regulators time on the right
at all like one of the best right you've
ever been on yeah I would say it's a
good ride yeah good job that is super
super awesome yeah so wow this is just
like from in the film oh this is so cool
oh wow please tell me that's not so real
that's such a real be very very
impressive we have a ride to the
wizarding world of Hogwarts
I don't really recognize bridge from
being a mystery but either way yeah our
marriages Hogwarts on the hill
no idea what that is we're going to meet
the link I'll take seven pints please
okay yep
time for my first ever but a beer beer
I'm not gonna lie it's not a bit it's
ice as and it's called as Holly what I'm
gonna try it
well that's pretty 10 out of 10 oh -
Brett Raymer no fear but oh okay oh my
god so nice what is it now all these
dudes be alcoholic there is no alcoholic
whatsoever I'm so disappointed but
because it's a bear but now I'm even
happier because I'm gonna be as much as
I want and not have a hangover drink all
brothers no like like Tippi
Wow what is that I'm sure why it's
winter down here but nonetheless this
looks pretty sweet
look like I love the feel of it the
eeriness of it so I'll post so very nice
you're okay don't worry dinner was okay
give it about a 4 out of 10 just some
chicken for we went to walk outside and
it is absolutely chucking it down still
not exactly interested in leaving us I
think all the rides are closed when it
rains so okay that's a much better view
of hot glass look I think that's where
we're going just right now we're gonna
do some wizards and spells and
we're gonna get our good Olivia bail and
I was actually in Chrome I screamed so
loud I got so scared I could have filmed
my boys in my pocket I would have washed
it healthy it was honestly so so damn
good like 10 out of 10 good really
recommend it and they'll tell you
something it sounds wrong people
my head is all over the place just like
a kid from like he'd thrown around or
than ah it was really so these are the
ones you really want to get one but
they're not as exciting as I thought oh
you can interact with things like
crazily but only like a few things move
when you like to push your one so I
don't know if I'm gonna do oh my god
that thing is incredible
I definitely one of the pet oh my
goodness this shop is incredible oh yeah
definitely getting one I'm actually no
not joking I came to get one okay when I
watched the first Harry Potter and they
were in the sweet shop and when they
were on the train and he buys all the
sweets I lost my I had a fright a
friend who called humble Juke who won a
competition to go to Hogwarts so she
went to Hogwarts on the set and they
gave her one of every single suite and
she came back the next day like from
school with all the sweets is amazing
shout - how about you also my hair looks
like a potato actually it looks like a
pancake oh it's the real one
horse Express look at it it's so
magnificent just and its glory
I wonder if it's a real working trip if
it is I'd be twice as impressed yeah
you're right there oh that's right in
the eye and you can prove it
yes sir it's awesome look at me I get to
send a pool all day and talk to people I
like this great what's it like being a
human oh I'm sorry
it looks like pretty cool look at you
got legs you can walk around would you
be more impressive in the vodka yes take
a sip see if it is I'm said yes I said
to him what's it like being a fart when
he was like sorry I was a lot being a
human as I was all right and then I said
I said what you wish it was vodka not
water anyway yeah do you and I was like
yeah anyway have some
it was such a huge storm boogers right
now and the Lightning has been insane i
tried filming it like three minutes to
try as if i could get anything but
nothing happened
i'm probably get stripped my life and
now hopefully not but this part has been
awesome the whole was unfortunately
closed and now we're heading up to the
second line and I'm vlogging hoping that
when I see a lightning strike in three
what yeah just stoic I'd literally just
press the ball and every start I pressed
it by accident and lightly
strides oh my god you're gonna hear it
now you're hearing thunder I'm so mad I
waited can eight tits stay tuned and all
I know under the anti Universal was
awesome good Saamy rides when open but
nonetheless you have this beautiful
front of like screams and cafes and
restaurants and bars and then there's
just plain I don't I don't get it I've
always wanted to see these guys the Blue
Man Group not exactly sure what they do
but I've heard is that it's amazing made
it in and we've got seats right at the
very front so you should be perfect the
show starts at 9:00 timing best
instructions I've ever seen in my life
step 6 enjoy
chosen days to get paid to a situs life
ah
like your legs you should be here 20
minutes ago it is time now to create the
ultimate dance party you may already
have a catchy melody and a fierce groove
but that's not enough to take things
over the top you'll need to employ the
greatest weapon in the dance party
arsenal will need to start shaking your
rear end or as some people call it your
hindquarters your backside your bottom
your buttocks your run your cost earier
your heinie your keister push your buns
your bum kicks your junk in the truck
your badonkadonk your squashed art your
fanny your double slugging your moogle
bags the mud flaps your rump rockets
your flesh pops your second face your
bounce house if jiggle twins jar jar
binks
your bubble pop your medicine ball your
sonic boom latest gel and please stand
up look ladies and gentlemen please
stand stand up
jonesy stand up and shake shake your
booty
 this is good this is a I'm gonna
get killed by balloon I really really
fell over he died
I'm gonna kill dialog your attention
please
lens and journey at this time we would
like to ask you to please give us our
balls back tell me how much our balls
forward so we can retrieve them now if
there are any balls me reveal whether
they are large or small so that they
natural is the stage
this style is an absolute legend you can
ever go to a Blue Man Group show now if
I stand on this this kid will fall right
I'm just messin Oh
the infamous Universal slow spinning
sign where people stop and take photos
because they can yoni yoni yoni passion
your neighbors donate your neighbor sir
this is some of the creepiest year I've
ever seen mine I have no idea and what
the I'm looking up oh why the hell
I'm looking at look this is how you
around experimenting with food sushi its
cheeseburgers well in your case yeah I
guess so she's cheeseburgers and in my
case sushi meets steak and mushrooms
okay sushi was use chopsticks oh no yep
how to watch YouTube videos with the
person right now whoever Solio are
amazing it's home time via
that guy didn't even realize it's like
twelfth or not right now so I need to
stop today's vlog and start recording
for tomorrow so I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog right now and say that
didn't Disneyworld was I have no idea
didn't go Universal was it was really
good but display with the fast passes
because that we paid like $100 extra
half the rides we went on didn't even
classify for it so I felt like if you've
ever seen the Simpsons episode where
they buy like itching scratch world
money and they get scammed I felt like
that just Google Simpsons itchy and
scratchy world money you'll instantly
find it right away so I felt like I kind
of got scammed there but what obeah was
great hope our world was good didn't do
the ones because I was kind of like the
supply with that was cut it just looked
lackluster when I saw everyone doing it
so I was like I just rather pass and
just you know just spend the money on
like I don't know like going to see will
like that you know what you can meet the
dolphins and stuff so rather do
something like that something a bit more
fulfilling but nonetheless I'm going
much love to you faces I'll see you guys
tomorrow
and I
