yesterday stuck in my apartment today on
top of four thousand five foot Mountain
likes to shop
make the most of it ah boom AC off bags
packed
ready go let's rock and roll - maple
country aka the land of the Palacios
Canadia
I managed to make it through security
now trial okay J and I think I've got
about ten minutes before my flight
boards in that direction
I've found if I do fella I'm gonna shake
your hand with my finger hey guys I just
see you in the background with a big
smile on your face you meet again we
meet again this time Canada here we go
wait where's Jeff
oh you're that but I've lost you already
Vancouver here we come next stop Canada
the land of leaves and the women are
looking what fly with Jacob fly let's
fly with J to Canada we go and fly for
awesome all the day publish up in the
trees your favorite country is Canada
okay holy shit it's my first time in
Canada
ever I would like to wish you guys a
lots of love from the sky
it definitely demote to get
chants Kenda that Tommy Jackson - that
kind of looks pretty
Dallas I don't know what I was expecting
I wasn't expecting for either way
times we use and gentlemen we are
officially officially officially touched
on account a group welcome to Canada a
mate and we've been put through security
you have to wait here for a long last
time and everybody's just sat down wait
look how long this line is it might even
look that bad but each person takes like
half an hour so this is not even fair
he's probably been waiting an hour now
so we'll just see how it goes but they
took jets like document often but they
haven't taken mine off me so I'm Paul
gonna be here a fuckin a long-ass time
whew jeff has now been pulled through
security hmm see Wobblies Oh finally
we've made it out of secured it only
took as a suite down here hour and a
half they were like you have a channel
where you play games like I used to do
and then I stopped as an emotional thief
like throwback but I'm still doing
gaming videos but if you like it well
yeah so we're here we've made it we're
just waiting for the whole me to come
pick us up and then we going off
adventuring right we've got arrived Brad
say hello to the vlogging this is rad
and this is Billy's Bello I'm Lea you're
my little seat right now oh my god this
is like the most trained aerial dog in
the world but Brad got me a gift to
welcome me to Canada and I love anything
you could have got me you got me some
Lube so yeah this is this is
international use this is yeah this is
to make the the use of coming through
customs a little bit easier I look at
him oh that is the cutest dog right what
I'm going to do is I'm gonna leave all
Brad's like YouTube Instagram or in the
description and you'll see the photos of
his dog absolutely adorable go and check
him out a little bit he looks so stoked
on life
yeah yes hello look at honey I don't
like I honestly don't think people are
expecting this one like you know they
don't know they don't know what to
expect with this it's gonna be crazy
yeah I know this is gonna be this is
gonna be
couple days for you guys okay yeah that
is absolutely perfect that's exactly
what I want in my but I think we gonna
get along just fine
oh yeah perfect yeah we're only here for
two days I'm like I already want to stay
longer we've not even begun the trip yet
I am in love with Canada so far it's
absolutely beautiful spot and I just
could not express how excited I am to me
this guy it's kind of amazing this got
what Yaletown we're in Yaletown
bring it off oh oh
said he's so cute she's like what it's
good
Oh visit it be nice and gentlemen
hopefully the moonwalking dog oh this
has been so good so far
Jeff high-five yes like Brad is a super
super nice guy just made his girlfriend
obviously about the dog II met him but
you just hooked we're gonna go find a
hotel but he's just hooked us up with a
dude who owns a hotel to go and stand it
so we're gonna go check out this light
really nice hotel now so can't wait to
do a review as we're checking into a
room we just got a requesting someone's
coming knocking at door bring us a gift
not too sure what that's about you scare
me slightly I don't trust you I don't
trust gingers as it is and now you're
not helping the stereotype okay all
schools about favorite Hey look we won't
talk about that but okay something's
gonna get the live it to the room ah the
longer longer say you Canada the more I
want to stay like I've been do like less
than an hour as well - the three I was
in security I've been here less than an
hour and like we've already got gifts
coming to the room in the hotel
I like I'm moving the vibe I want to do
like a meet and greet with fans and
stuff falls down here like I'm so
fucking excited and yeah breaking my
fingers god dude I'm so excited to go in
this hotel okay well I've got anyway
my reaction to this hotel room oh my god
Jay what is this what is this what this
is fucking well nice na na well you
gonna post a bed so I got the dual
fireplace look you mutts you taking the
fish oh I got I got the balcony dude we
got hooked up so fast alright now this
is ridiculous
Jay have you seen your bathtub no Jay
come and see your bathtub
Jay Jay oh my god this is ridiculous not
to redo this coffee we sitting in the
bubble bath tonight by myself dude this
is so fucking nice bro this rooms like a
10 out of 10 wait what
oh wait like all your up around balcony
nah me what your - fuck this isn't this
is incredible this is actually in
fucking credible oh my god dude I'm
reviewing your room straightaway int
weight is this a this is this is a
different CD changing CD player that is
fancy as fuck can this get all the wine
glasses and stuff you've got like a mini
bar over here your microwave what do we
get inside the cupboards
you got a safe here everything like our
oh my god wait not another bathroom
what Oh Mike oh oh oh my god dude I feel
like I've never seen a hotel in my life
other than this one this is so fucking
nice alright this is it is it gonna be a
comfy bed or not oh my fucking god oh
dude this movie like the first time I
genuinely rate a hotel - no Chad this is
fucking nice Jeff said the exact same
thing this me like you it was like as
long as your hotel room anyway we went
wait wait is that no oh my gosh I'm so
impressed with this location
it's so fucking nice J just got a phone
call to his hotel room being like are
you ready for a crazy night and J was
like oh yeah sure
and then they said make sure you drink
water I have no idea what to expect or
surrey-canada he's called Pete Pete Pete
you're the fucking man Pete thank you oh
my gosh this day gets better and better
thank you so much yeah oh this is so
awesome talk very warm welcome to your
first day of open to hope you have a
great experiences enjoy Vancouver
sincerely Nicolas oh my goodness Nicolas
thank you very much for the beer this is
amazing we got some nibbles as well as
trotty's my buzz oh my god oh my gosh oh
my gosh this is good yeah alcohol Jay
Jay's got one I've got one perfection
oh I'm just so stoked right now like
this is why I fucking love vlogging like
all yesterday I made it my time in a
fucking four minute vlog I was stuck
indoors depressed the shit just stopped
making gaming videos and going crazy and
today we're in Canada like a fucking
awesome hotel phone on fucking playing
for two hours like the hotel staff have
been amazing Brad is absolutely amazing
his dog could moonwalk like a love vlog
I love just going out doing cool shit
and just experience in the world I hate
being crammed up and doing stuff so I'm
gonna kick back with my first Canadian
beer and just enjoy it Jeff where's your
beer where's your beer Jeff Jeff Cheers
to adventure the life of Tom and Tom and
Jeff the dog totally knows you're right
of the airport like heliport Airport fo
you ready Benny over in the how covered
oh I so stove he was like fast asleep
like five seconds ago now he's guys
ready to rock and roll
first okay yeah he's Bobby she's like I
hate my life I hate you besides I need
to go to the helicopter
things you could be doing at 7 o'clock
at night on a was it you
seven o'clock on a Tuesday we're about
to get a helicopter and go flying around
Canada yes I know I did this this is
like like the one of the craziest
experiences of my life
rivalz going to helicopter at nearly
8:00 p.m. daylight in Canada and here it
is just hold out is helicopter out of
his garage so garage really want to call
it and these dogs gonna come with us and
we're gonna have a goddamn picnic on the
cut down top of a mountain our meal but
either one I'm okay with all of them oh
so far you guys own little pony yeah oh
he's ready for adventure that is quite
possibly the coolest thing ever
what a cute dog we've moved 30 minutes
after sunset okay and the dogs so upset
that I'm in his front seat sorry try
Brett so Bentley so oh I'm sorry
I'll give you that look all right I've
got no tools hopefully this works
oh well the noise gets a little nice
amazing is amazing oh my gosh they
didn't hear that but yeah anything golf
uniform kilo Charlie
yes push-to-talk because there's gonna
be this win so what I'm going to do is
see that silver but by your foot
yep you're going to step on that every
time you're on top Jeff there's a button
right here on the side of your seat and
we are now going so you have to push now
to talk down heavy now yeah we are gonna
get all no you gotta push harder there
you go
are you we can hear you okay you play
music at least you thank Charlie x-ray
char circuit fuss and clear for touching
over we can see you've wanted that I
rather than that what you wanted the
helicopter that there yeah couple that
I'm calling bullshit there's no way oh
yeah holy fuck unless you are sir oh my
god it's just really unstable so you
have to get like a you have a really
smart passenger who can build you a
stable booster box around and support to
actually get you a stable path you set
down on this is incredible the first
time Wow
oh my god oh my god oh my gosh so this
usually all frozen over all winter it is
and then summertime it so it's just like
this days oh my gosh okay this is
amazing Oh like those have it to the
wall oh my god they're so fucking close
I feel like it what a roller coaster
with no tracks
oh my goodness oh my goodness me but
you're cut down legend yeah fucking
sideways oh my gosh I think Jeff I can
give you all guys Woody's face off oh
yeah this is one of the landing spots I
like to deal with this is little feet
straight below it I'll pull up
let you get a shot of it okay above it's
really cool look at that with the water
there okay you can just play around like
yeah I'll just tear out it easy mode
oh look at the beeps now
oh wow so you usually just run down that
when it's all frozen over I lie down
there I thought we could laugh at it now
but we were feet would be in the water
oh shit
yeah I've got a video with Bentley on my
channel that has a place down there when
we landed down there in the water oh my
god I got a oh absolutely
Mike nificent holy snap the way I built
that ice rink it was where I got rescued
off of actually really yeah right up
here when I was minus 25 and this is why
you built a nice ring oh yeah right on
this lake down here Oh Oh to see it on
the edge not really oh oh it's so blue
isn't it cool oh my god it like like oh
my gosh it's the blues what I've ever
seen
oh wow this is just very yeah bit about
where is it oh it's not bad there is
oh just goes to a good bit sky Alan oh
good that's like just you know like
drive along say hello to your friends oh
my god oh my god wow wow wow wow wow
that you cannot take this in enough this
is just so crazy so damn crazy so these
people are celebrating their anniversary
so I have to put them on your vlog and
be like happy anniversary random first
night of em they thought they would get
a peace and quiet
nope the youtubers have arrived right
wow that sunset is beautiful
wait is it hello drops bro that line
there just get even better it's gonna
pop like wow that's my win so we'll come
back around wow wow oh my goodness be
that it's like some of a different
fucking world
you were oh my gosh this is absolutely
incredible right now holy shit we're
about to land
this is what you need to drone oh my god
this is ready to drone that's what I was
gonna I thought you guys would bring it
I should find I'm just going to try to
find a little bit of a flatter spot so
going forward what the helicopters
sliding I think right here looks good
I actually rate up here it does look
really good it's like just uh just my
parking on the top of a valid you know
yeah hey pretty damn casual we can we
can do it this way we can just that's oh
my goodness be incredible absolutely
credible and meddling Ronix piper
cherokee foxtrot yankee papa sara had
3,500 over the bishop eastbound plant my
skills down Thursday's out you do - Oh
ever just kind of kind of like so we
don't slide yeah just kind of give a bit
of a good firm get it in there get it in
there right in that everyone day when we
laugh at this Wow look at this view
around my holy
Oh God
holy shit this is unreal
this is absolutely unreal how is this
real life right now Jeff you're the man
you are the man holy crap you guys back
go and check out these videos I just on
his channel like oh my god Brad is
incredible why does okay look who's
coming joined us hello hello put it in
put it in
hello Bentley come here I got you how
you doing buddy you okay oh my gosh
total aerial Acrobat dawg wow just wow
oh my god I'm I can I'm so thankful
finding these opportunities in life guys
this is unbelievable actually thank you
so much for everyone shinning watch the
videos thank you for subscribing thank
you for sharing it thank you for like
subscribing you guys words cannot
describe how much I love daily logins
dog what the hell on earth are you doing
wait he's gonna buzz us okay okay okay
oh the dogs like hell yeah okay yeah so
as we buzz that helicopter that other
helicopters gonna fly over us right now
bring it on my gosh absolutely beautiful
Oh areas areas yeah Oh
oh it's so cool is so dumb cool
this is insane I need my helicopters
license immediately it's how you play
catch with a dog up on the top of a
mountain many voices what's this
missus okay look where we are
oh my goodness arriving by helicopter
playing fetch with snow and a dog over a
little picnic up at the top of a
mountain
how high up Jack a mere 5,400 feet my
first time in Canada brilliant
over time the Sun is just slowly saying
that you can see like this so just
appear in all of this so take a
helicopter oh yeah all the peaks are
like light you know oh my gosh Jeff I'm
balancing on a log oh my gosh this is
this is what it's all about one man and
his dog and a helicopter
yeah one is talking his helicopter
perfect just getting nicer and nicer so
I'm just filming the same thing over and
over again breaking even better each
time
oh it's unreal it's absolutely unreal
Jeff you look magnificent my friend
absolutely magnificent if you like rocky
oh is this real life how is this real
life it's a simulation bro you let must
get it right all this time Wow
Wow Wow oh fuck dude New Zealand's
ripped compared to this Wow even on the
front-facing camera incredible
oh and just take your photos of it oh so
happy life right now
yesterday stuck in my apartment today on
top of a four thousand five football him
life's too short
make the most of it oh okay with this
this is good this is this is good I'm
okay with this this this can happen more
often
alright I'm die happy I'd rather not
slide off this time but I could die
happy have a little picnic don't the
mouse the Sun dog the dogs like feed me
honestly Bradley there's so much a
really really pisses everyone go to his
youtube channel subscribe to it like
following on Instagram like I cannot
like thank you enough for this
opportunity in life
dude you should definitely do it
everyone should subscribe share is
channel do everything because this is
phenomenal and takes the sandwich
imagine being like it sort of alchemists
appears from absolutely nowhere like uh
what I can definitely say this right now
wishing you ahead dad just make to
adventure making the most of it oh yeah
Oh get it ready to rock and roll baby
let's get on in
let's get on it terney others had this
is what it sounds like without the
headset off and now this is what it
sounds like with the headset on amazing
gotta make sure you got your headlights
on oh well yeah well they are pretty
good right
temperatures are all good seat belts are
all on baka starting haven't secured
nothing's going to fly out dog is secure
frictions are off now door CAG checks
got to come up pace to slow out of the
snow because you can freeze to it oh
really yeah and so even though it's not
it's above freezing you kind of rock it
okay make sure you you break any fun and
we're nice three and we got nice wind
I'm only pulling 21 inches a good good
updraft here we'll walk over to the edge
there we go
oh my agent looking going oh my god
oh shit Wow okay so that over there is
uh you gotta give me a shout out for the
guys from SSG parks they they got its
scrub account so we got to actually tag
them in a photo and so that's their Park
over there we're going to be in there
pawpaw so really yeah they're my buddies
SSG purge they run one of the best parts
my favorite part in the part profits
gold deer in provincial parks oh ok
brilliant echo their Instagram SSG park
pics bow thank you six left altimeter to
9 or 75 cleared right downwind right
downwind 4 to 6 level 5 star Delta fits
our school it is rolling to 6 level 7 or
to 9 or 7 5 cleared right down right
Alex
yeah come on Jeffrey stay safe
nice thing we'll take you to view on top
oh look at that oh that's G really sure
don't talk about that no Robin that's
cheating
yeah you're doing you're doing good keep
up the keep up the hard work
don't talk about Brad I don't want to
talk about it
alright that's dinner with Brad saw it
and done and dusted we're now going to
head to the hotel and just crush out
four nights like midnight right now Jeff
we've had a longest day my friend a one
ghast day but yeah super late right now
just gonna go to the hotel pass the hell
out and then I have a 9 a.m. start so
you enjoy your luxury suite Jackie I'm
gonna get any money that Kathy yeah
taxis planes and helicopters and
tomorrow should be like boats
helicopters and madness so again bring
it off what o'clock in the morning got
my forget it go try to upload it now and
see how fast internet speed is but today
is been a phenomenal day like I cannot
express how much thank thanks I have for
J for sorting this all out so J thank
you so much an absolute legend but again
obviously Bradley thank you so much for
your hospitality being up here we went
out for dinner tonight like he let us
into his helicopter ebert let us into
his home and everything like absolute
phenomenal dude like his YouTube channel
he's trying to grow as much as he can
and he makes insane content like
absolutely insane everyone you guys to
all go to his channel check out his
videos so syndicate said yeah like his
videos subscribe all the ten nine yards
on nine ten ten nine yards I don't know
what that means oh wait I think the
saying I was like if I was the whole
nine yards you can tell I'm extremely
extremely tired from all this traveling
and just everything but tomorrow should
be a really good day we're going to the
helicopter again it's gonna be wicked
there might be a boat involved I don't
know some craziness and I might extend
my trip out in Canada from from two days
to basically a week because so far it's
been incredible and I'm absolutely
loving this place I don't want to stay
longer so guys I'm going to bed now if
you guys are really stoked you just love
Dave logs make sure you smash that like
crane subscribe for daily vlogs and
don't forget tune in every single day 6
p.m. UK time if you're from California
or the west coast 10 a.m. in the morning
yeah
a.m. in the morning that make sense you
could tell I'm literally losing my mind
right now I can't comprehend how good
today's been but yet new daily vlog for
you guys to tune into and I'll catch you
guys on the flip side thanks for
watching and adios
