another day of existing you have
surprised me the weather outside is my
in cloudy today so not impressive but
you have nothing to do today from being
full-blown potato mode and this movie
being very loud no planning today apart
from going donating wood which is gonna
be pretty awesome swinging on down to
the center to go and donate it right now
obviously I don't film them there have
been like twice before I never filmed it
so go in doing that and then yeah that's
that's my day donate blood go home have
a lollipop maybe if they give me a
lollipop I always want a lollipop I done
did my good deed before the day blood
been given now I'm heading home this
time I didn't get a light pop ice cream
oh yeah oh so I can show you guys sorry
I've got to be honest with it a day
without smiling is a day wasted I agree
usually what puss them signs and it's
like God is watching and it's like
really intimidating like to read to read
I'm okay with that one is exactly what I
need okay it's 7 o'clock at night I've
actually done absolutely nothing with my
day I got my blood taken and I actually
felt like a bit like dizzily weeks are
thing so I've got some food order then
kick back on the roof well there's a bit
of Sun and try my food they seeded to
sneak up on to the second section of the
rooftop which you're probably not
supposed to be on that I'm not gonna go
on it but I just wanted to show this
look how nice it is this is such a
beautiful city like I wish because my
apartments on the front of the building
I wish my plan was on the backs if it
was on the back of sunlight from like 4
o'clock to like 9 o'clock at night it
goes down because right now like I said
I'm on the front everyone be on the back
corner of a very blackboard my first
game back on black ops 3 multiplayer in
a long-ass time I went 43 and 25 I can
play ecology yeah I can play but I'm
gonna practice and start playing a
shitload so when cod 4 remastered comes
out I'm a beast oh snap second game 24
and 2 I went on an 18 kill streak you
know what God
gift to man really was and without a
doubt is 110% called pizza it's even
better cold then it is warm and if you
agree with that you smash that like
board so I know how many people agree
because to be honest mmm
it's just so sexual what the fuck I have
to break it to you guys I have done
nothing all day
absolutely nothing apart from this sit
inside and play call of duty black ops 3
and I only went from god damn ranked
28th to rank 30 to try to record a video
like 10 million times but kept laying on
a goddamn map I don't like recorded just
she is like not sexual I mean like look
call it colors boys colors but it's two
o'clock in the morning now I don't
honestly I haven't got anything all day
this is the one thing with vlogging and
gaming that I just cannot do I can't
daily vlog and play video games all day
because I just do nothing apart from sit
in front of the god damn computer but I
look extremely hot why I look so
oh I'm sunburned there you go sorry I
was like why do I look like I've been
sweating in that room like absolutely
crazy I got me a C on everything but
yeah man I'm I've been going crazy
playing black ops really good games
really bad games all that sauce stuff
and that's just what I've done all day
but again it's just the life of Tom some
days I'm doing stuff some days I'm not
whereas tomorrow and like six hours I'm
going to Canada and I'm gonna be doing
come in gonna be doing some of the
craziest stuff I've ever done in my life
and you my black that bullshit lies you
do some pretty crazy stuff and know if
all goes ahead which it should be doing
I'm going to Canada tomorrow with Jay
the photographer who I've been hanging
out with past few days we're gonna go to
Canada and do some of the most insane
shit possible and if it all goes ahead
the next few days of vlogs are gonna be
absolutely incredible but you'll just
have to take my word for it for now
because I'm trying to keep it a surprise
and not tell you what's happening I
really shouldn't but at the same time I
really should psych only gonna eat the
hump and leave the rest behind go fuck
yourself so I have to be honest here I
literally had nothing else going on in
the day fell asleep and that's about it
but what I do need to tell you guys
about is you
remember when I did legends of gaming a
film my entire show of being a host well
the entire season is up on legends of
gaming out I'm gonna leave the link in
the channel below for you guys in the
channel below what and we will leave
that channel linked in the description
below so you guys can go check it out
and watch the entire season
I'm currently rushing to try and get to
the airport said to napkin Oliver Simon
our way nonetheless thank you very much
for watching guys I have like step
rushing to the airport now it can be
crazy Canada for the next three days
with Jay and honestly when I keep
expressing how good it's gonna be in
Canada I genuinely genuinely mean it the
stuff I've got planned is pretty dumb
just awesome so sorry about the short
vlog today catch you guys tomorrow
I'll put a link down for legends of
gaming the US version where I hosted it
in the description you guys can enjoy
that and I'll see you all later
adios
