it's a new dawn it's a new day it's a
hot life for me and I'm going to burn
 very nice today wow you can see the
mountains super clear I would have been
a great start to the day I walked all
the way from there to there and was like
why am I missing something left
you on the side dinner I'm an idiot the
bridge of majesticness is majestic I
actually thought this would be a good
idea to like dive into this water if
you're like drunk or something but it's
that's a really nasty and you know it
what's the point in a being dirty water
when there's four goddamn pools over
there we made a really good decision Jay
Oh My gods pancakes and waffles just
wait what does it happen
I'm so beautiful you make
that's amazing it gets even
better Jay
they got Parma ham oh my god yes yes yes
yes yes yes yes oh my goodness look at
all these fresh goddamn bakery things
pop up oh my god desert and desert and
desert for days what are these little
things oh my god amazing you have to be
 me they have free chocolate
milk oh my days yes or now that is what
you call bacon fun hey which one's this
one
Oh Bart Simpson oh dude that's
absolutely amazing don't tell by fires I
have one of the best breakfast is I've
ever ever drop a bacon ever eaten in my
life very very impressed to the point
where I'm gonna give it a 9 out of 10
all the foods been really good I'm so
full already
and yeah nine out of ten hunt down oh
wait he's done a new one whoa oh that's
awesome that is wicked cutting foam holy
 no wonder I gave this a 9 out of 10
it was 97 dollars oh my god
okay I wasn't expecting that
I can respect you understand it but I
was not expecting that I am officially
food covered and they were reason to get
the only reason the only way to get rid
of food coma J it's son yeah I worked
out mathematically sunburn and drunk no
but it is officially way too damn hot
right now I am boiling my absolute tits
off how these sunglasses are hot
I left them on the sides soaking in the
Sun ouch I have a burn mark on my eye
now oh yeah perfect place to be right
now
so um toasting under my burns and a
little on my leg yam is toasted look at
the color difference there's a
ridiculous he's known funny it is now
four o'clock in the afternoon
I've been sat the pool all day my god am
I gonna have won a suntan or two son
 bird but hopefully not it is
ridiculous a hot like I said so we're
gonna go check out now and start the
trouble home probably a three hour drive
I'm exhausted I'm tired I only have four
hours sleep let's not excite to get the
vlog up on time but no it's been good
time with the pool really enjoying it
can't complain
and we continue the adventure
appreciative the Wyatt oh my days
this is the one that screams wait what
did it say how did you how did you get
it to talk
it's like a given that I ain't talking I
know there's no good it's so majestic
that one will bite you in your weed so
this is the nice one this is the one not
to be folks who know did a couple your
whistles happy in prep look they're
looking at you like what you even trying
to do whoa Oh what oh this one will let
me pet it I don't know how this is gonna
go hello Oh doc she maybe hey mate what
are you doing
a little drunk you're not supposed to be
that way around what he's got a name
that's Elliot and what's this one so
Elliot it's like the nice one and then
Elliot will rip your finger off yeah I'm
not gonna mess with this 120 degrees
right now oh that's a lot of golf clubs
this hotel was absolutely awesome
definitely will be back really enjoyed
it time to hit the road and travel home
and stupidly halt in this castle I don't
want to get in the middle of absolutely
got Dane nowhere where temperatures
outside Jay
one away oh my gosh it's work shorts
t-shirt and I'm still sweaty barks up
with a/c on Jeff is convinced that
they're powering a secret military base
of some sort I just think they're here
for no reason to kill pigeons No thank
you for getting a closer look off the
turbines boys decided oh wait that's
quite a
the drones fine but we did crush its J
Scout now luckily that wasn't from the
drone but this little mic that you can
see there that is from the drone plastic
leg so what clays replacing this
windshield so it's fine but still sucks
like we crashed into the car now
we're taking some photos of everything
yeah back in the city of Los Angeles
downtown is pretty and we're gonna head
to Marina del Rey to go get some food
I'm absolutely good job and driving for
like three hours like a beast holy
I of course fell asleep after playing
Justin Bieber songs and J was not happy
where you would not impress my music
selection so I love I lost jobs core
privileges I got out the cars with phone
up for gas and look to that guy and he
just like not into my said I do man all
right he said have you got a lighter I
was like what the wire look markings
absolutely laughing himself in hysterics
yes that's the kind of joke you make
when you drive around fumer all day well
do you spot right now EA games oh my god
give kiss I won't lose apparently I
don't know dad that make sense right I
got you JJ man this is a good ass
looking meal right here Jeffrey thank
you so much for an awesome trip I've
gotta get inside this apartment
otherwise I'm literally I'm gonna
myself in a pleasure give me a hug yes
till next time I think we may be
planning to go off to Canada fairly soon
possibly next week so that should be
pretty sick going in helicopters so if
that goes ahead I will see you then I
love your face thanks for driving
thanks being a legend and someday yeah
maybe in a few days just don't get it I
literally do not get it how the hell are
these balloons still up as a kid are
throughout my entire life whenever I had
a balloon it would always just deflate
within a day that's stupid and these
 they put up for months
oh maybe maybe weeks but but the Hat
time to see if the drone still works
because the wind was that strong it
looked like I crashed it but the wind
was that strong that when it came down
it bumped into the actual car was like
bang and then set it flying sideways and
I lost signal so I couldn't control it
so we're gonna see because it damaged
one of the blades as you can see here
like the rest are fine and it doesn't
look bent or anything but it lost
the top of it so I don't know if that's
gonna affect it or damage it or anything
but look what I've got spare ones I'm
gonna have to check whether or not I
actually still flies because when you
turn the rotors like these all feel fine
but one of them had collected quite a
bit listen
like there's sand collected in it so and
we're trying to turn on the rover and
well first of all clean it out turn on
the rotor and see if we can get it
spinning almost there's gonna be issues
but a little bit of Sun but the tan is a
little bit of anything could disrupt the
entire thing so laughter wait and see
ooh I have to send it into digital okay
BG I broke it to help by moment of truth
boys let's see if it will work okay it
says cannot take off the screw it we're
gonna see if you'll take off anyway
probably a really bad idea
another balloon Oh No
I'm gonna wreck the balloon
okay seems fine it seems to be fine I
can't tell whether because my a C's on
it's making the drone kind of go
sideways a little bit I thought I just
turned it off then but it clearly didn't
because the drone seems to be going that
way a little bit so I don't know whether
that's the rotor or something like that
or whether it's just the a so almost one
o'clock in the morning I am so excited
to be back in my own bed like I said I
keep going on these traveling trips and
only spending one night at a time in my
bed which may even make sense again
tomorrow because me and Jeff might be
going off an adventure to Canada so any
Canadians you're probably not gonna see
me because the adventure I'm going on is
gonna be insane but yes what o'clock in
the morning guys I'm gonna pass the hell
out thank you very much for watching the
day of logs if you guys have enjoyed it
make sure they would like rain subscribe
every day new daily vlog 6 p.m. UK time
for you all to come and enjoy and yes
I'm getting excited for what could
possibly go down in Canada I'm not gonna
tell you yet because it's epic but when
I say I'm going to Canada you guys need
to make sure you never miss a daily vlog
because it will be awesome you very much
for watching guys make sure you follow
me on Instagram I'm gonna put it down in
the description it wouldn't be the top
thing for you to be able to click if you
go on follow me there you don't steal
the dope for is that mean Jeff have
taken through our our trips and if we go
to Canada the photo is gonna take
they're gonna be even more insane so I
love your faces and goodbye
