oh well well thank you very much Carl on
for fees oh yeah Carl has absolutely
nuked the house and cleaned it before
the cleaners come just so they can
actually get to it because my house has
been a glitter bombed by Lydia all the
wrappers and everything pieces of paper
completely gone I look like a potato and
this this spot scab
it's terrible yeah Gordon's got me you
know spoiler alert he went he went I
turned up first thing he said oh you
telescope as I oh oh hey y'all hey y'all
first scope 76 tabletop telescope tree
could not get like a bit tried man's
dead map does it look like it's been
worried mate that is the definition of
Gandhi spot yeah no literally she went
through a cigarette ash and look at see
y'all like slick and shop look cup tea
goodbye old sport see later old sport
see that before I kind of got carried
away in the bedroom watching Harry
Potter for the past yeah yeah yeah yeah
nice nice nice Oh shopping cleaned so be
cleaned up loading cleaned they clean
they cleaned cleaned cleaned beans
really wet I mean I just happen to a
Commodore I was like wow gates open
that's never usual I know my dad's ipsum
reason what he's doing here oh my oh my
look could you you look at me looking
fresher than a day
I'm guessing really like the vegetables'
ah yes sir me what are you doing what
are you doing
one sec just trying to get over to you
by not stepping on a mossy crack yep
preparing Steve Steve gone he's gone
vegan yep I'll visit vegetarians team
the pet shops well I usually go hasn't
had that delivery of food my dad's
already been and asked like we'll check
if you have any food but they haven't
had their delivery of stocking so they
haven't got stock for anyone else so
we're gonna try and go somewhere else
but in the meantime Steve is good to
enjoy a meal prepped from mum that's
what the mum to Steve so hey I do rarely
see him eat Bobby does it yeah
hey Steve actually looks really good
really really good but for one second
look where he is look where it is just
lingering over just watching Steve is he
here something and I think Steve moving
over there yes do you move around a
little bit
the cat wants to know where he's going
Steve maybe in healthy today KFC for the
win couple goals couple goals got the
same thing oh here's a box in a Kappa
Gamma Oh Lassie I do well pets at home
love the staff you know can usually
always get what I want first a somewhat
they never have bearded dragons be like
crickets or anything like that they
never never have it in stock like and if
they do the boxes are the worst filled
ever so pro tip always go to swell do
you like it yeah again I take zero
credit for this whatsoever this is all
Lydia
well like an idiot would she know if I
say like squeeze it it's a lot that
would you know if you squeeze it
now please do not be judging my
decoration skills my gosh this girl you
know I think you chew it that's all
what's up there is sprinkles but these
are gonna go everywhere is this
confusing cuz like she draws and you
paint them all but you can eat this way
I'm in a minute so if we're doing her
part of you guys already played this
game before so you know some announcers
that was such a shock I should know from
all of you that were totally yes okay
we're playing Harry Potter trivia I'm
two films behind these guys have read
all the books the films and the audio
books get your head in the game
ready Tom the tears can heal wounds and
they can carry extremely heavy weights
the entire family's looking at me so
proud it's Tom Riddle's diary wait and
slices it with two films as well then
come back and plays again Oh away from
watching it yeah I don't know else Harry
and Hermione at Albert Runcorn and the
demon bin - Arthur Weasley
I'm one film away from watching this
exact day girl in the pink I was gonna
say that I seriously was gonna say cuz
it's like these worst enemy listen it I
can't cope this because I don't know the
answer sisters are in the books that's
not in the film is it she what she did
tell me that there's a potions
this is potion scene that's supposed to
get this one off the movies are there we
got this Tim Tim Tom team17 video - Tom
C Lydia we're still gonna this yeah
that's a favorite value type of mask Hey
oh yeah yeah yeah
you know I really want to know that
we're just up to the pilot and firmware
he's just got the fake one and I was
like no no okay
don't know up to that hope you're the
team apart apart no don't do it
wait what so what even the question was
I thought it was to say like what the
Chairman what the spiritually did okay
what is this but what is it oh no no I
said it first
you're in grave danger no oh I thought
it was do not can I just explain why I
thought it was great day because you
know when you know when oh no what I do
know oh yeah we're going way off she's
stopping me by the way I was like no
five we get we forfeit oh I not seen
that film yet
oh great spoiler
he and grounds yeah clearly I said that
Haggard I did because you know what I
thought you know I thought it might have
been
is it Finch filter I thought it could
have been telling yes all right
intention stuff all right
oh yeah already know I am now officially
fit for my oh my other gear so you may
have notice all Christmas all war is
Calvin Klein pounds I now have Calvin
cloy shots thank you
I'm gonna wear them over my pants just
that's just how I roll
now we're playing this but speed round
what is the effect of the incendio spell
didn't ask you know gates you yeah that
this was happy one here we go
how long you been here phone you know
even said hello yet
you're not you're not even here with
your Irish husband like what's going on
you can get look for sister no oh good
you were comfy on there weren't you my
hands are freezing by the way sorry
about this
hello oh my god listen to a purr oh
sorry let me Tim hood down kitty come on
spooked what's going on he's a beast
she's a beast from the Northeast I
really thought for some reason it
wouldn't work I know that sounds really
stupid because it was a defendant it's
like from 2030 but I really expected it
to be someone not start to just not work
so either way it works now I know this
is now me the next day in today's vlog
but I was supposed to film this anyways
so ladies and gentlemen I did indeed
received a gift of razor which I have no
idea what it is our autumn I could see
something saying syndicate in there but
gonna throw this out and now I'm not too
sure whether this gift is one of the
1337 limited edition ones they do of
things if you like wait what's that - I
raise the employees sponsors like just
friends of the company they'll give away
one item out of a total of 1337 a
reliever a customized headset a
wristband
you know microphone just someone that
they've always thought and I think I've
collected it every single wantons are
doing it for four years so don't know if
this is one of them but nonetheless and
it'll open it up because it's got rapid
data so I'm pretty okay so this says
syndicate and all no way no way as if
that's what that actually is I thought
it was a customized backpack it said
it's a razer stocking are you even oh no
way
oh that is so sick and I got some
customized syndicate punches but yes
feels like there's something inside let
me check come on oh wait there is some
inside wait wait come come come come
come come
okay some razor razor like smile M&Ms I
like it I like it what is this what is
this this bin oh is this what I think it
this is what I think it is introducing
the razor fidget spinner and just an FYI
I'm pretty sure that this is a
glow-in-the-dark item so yeah welcome to
the cult of razor we we spin fidgety Oh
like stray oh that's probably one of the
coolest gifts ravers raised razors Arava
raises ever given me just not even
because like you can have like a badass
gaming headset keyboard mouse whatever
but like that is truly truly like a
custom-made item so much love to those
guys but let's go back in the Box all
right gotta let us give this a read by
the way my voice is very much going so
there you go Oh is usually this is
usually just a print in it this is
usually just a print out like it you
know sort of thing but this time it's a
Christmas card cheers to you and yours
and this says Tom made the happiness of
an good chair of the season be yours
throughout New Year I don't know why
that was so difficult for me to read
with this but it just was happy dog
holiday from your favorite snakes Oh
have a wonderful holiday Tom Amanda man
you know what I've been working with
razor for that long like subscribe my
youtube channel that they are truly like
my family every time I go into the
office and see those guys it's nothing
but positive vibes and like I sorta end
up leaving the company to go somewhere
else so I was really sad because of like
growing up with my career through them
and stuff like that so razor thank you
okay I have one more item which is the
make I guess the main item Oliver took
is okay instead of white box this is not
worried
usual raiser usually epic packaging boy
since out of white box okay okay open
this okay next stage and then inside the
white box is the can't raise a packaging
that I expected and it was right I was
right it is of 1337 but I don't know it
is says it there 909 of 1337 I've ever
exist in the world
Arthur is signature black is it or
custom Mouse a 1337 collector's mouse
what I will take that in a heartbeat
thank you very much razer a little tiny
travelling mouse that is absolutely
wicked nice that he's gonna go with the
rest of my collection was at my dad's
everyday and I saw the other 30 37
collector's editions that have so hell
yeah Razer thank you for her said anyone
I think there's like one last thing in
the bag which i think is just a backpack
book is this a backpack that I've
already got or this is a backpack that's
new because if I've already got it you'd
better know your sweet ass and given it
way to yes and the survey says no this
is a brand new backpack that I've never
had before
the Razorback pack rogue 17.3 in
traveling get gamey weight pop it's
built for the traveling gamer nice I'll
tell you what I will take it oh thank
you yes yes yes yes yes well thank you
very much Rose I appreciate that a lot
I know was I was trying to think when I
saw yesterday my dad's house the 13:37
collector's edition from previous years
I was like I wonder if the do that
anymore like when was the last time like
I did it and I was like a year ago but I
just didn't know whether they were gonna
do it this year for some whatever reason
alone people will be actually dead and
I'm very glad to be involved I still
working in the races they're an amazing
company to make amazing products and
more importantly they package the best
products in the world like if you've
ever bought anything from raising you
would know that even the pine the item
the unboxing package to sort of think of
it is too
almost better than the products it's so
good time good door I vote go no guys my
boys he's killing me make sure you leave
a like rating subscribe see I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next day
of logs until then much love I hope you
had a nice Christmas to having bucks
today we're moving on to the new year so
get ready for an epic new year and
you'll see what life has to offer so
thanks much love naw Dee
