running off about two hours sleep today
I just lay in bed again and just
couldn't do I was like if I lay in bed
anymore I'm just gonna feel like a
complete SAP so get it all gonna get my
phone fit gonna go shop and get some
towels going on like a little trippy
cool adventure soon which I'm not tell
you guys about yeah but I'm gonna go out
shopping get some stuff for that have
some breakfast and uh start my day they
go that's pretty much my exact day
outlined straightaway holy snap that is
what you call some fresh tarmac if I was
a skateboarder that would be heaven oh
yeah easy way to get screwed nail it
next stop Santa Monica
15 minutes later County Santa Monica I
can tell I'm extremely tight because
when I blink and move my head it feels
like I'm going in slow motion the lack
of sleep is really really catching up
with it and I am not feeling well at all
what a majestic looking dinosaur either
way I made it onto Third Street
Promenade ah I'm gonna pack soon and get
a lot of clothes for my trip and I
totally forgot what I came down here
oh my iPhone's screens broken got it
swim shorts t-shirts and other
quiet as well as sandals time to go in
here and see how many hours it's going
to take to switch out my iPhone screen
this is probably gonna take about two
hours so I won't be able to vlog
anything that I do in between I was
about right it's gonna take 45 minutes
for me to wait to get a reservation and
then it's going to take an hour to
switch the glass out so in between then
let's go and do some adventuring and
shopping around some annika absolutely
nailing it all these shops but this
right here is heaven on earth I'm going
to show you the custom glasses section
this is like the best thing ever I never
knew this existed because I was like
shopping in there and then I came into
here and then you come to these machines
and you can like fully customize like
what you want it's absolutely incredible
so you pick your style so I always go
for Holbrook's which is these and then
like all these drawers have all the
items that you eat you can just
customize each individual things like
this is like when my favorite selves so
they're black and then with
look at that my god so sexy and you just
check out these guys make it feel you've
done these like my first ever favorite
white there but I think I'm gonna have
to get these because we will have good
there oh my god is like creating a Sims
character oh for what the heck okay I'm
gonna stop a bunch of times and you guys
have got a comment they look so good
okay I really really really really like
that
nope yes yes yes you know yes oh my god
yes soon as you pick what you want then
you build it they build it voluble like
check this out ready oh my gosh is so
sick this one doesn't look as cool even
though you've got like the many things
that you can add on to it the coolest
ones are like these ones if you open
this drawer open this but they're in
like test tubes look how awesome
that is Oakley I'm in love with your
company I just can't express how much I
absolutely love Oh clip they're so like
what's so satisfying about a pair of
glasses I don't understand I feel like a
person with huge like Jordans it's lots
different people collect unlike that for
Oakley's I got like 20 pairs ridiculous
okay before I go I got recommended to
try this 35 grand car wash apparently I
just stole as well so that's good I'm
trying to steal from you is right is
there a text on a shirt I'm gonna give
it you just a checks DKK welcome to
optic wash
I'm gonna do
don't have to pay if it's free enough
mmm
holy well it's all made out of
carbon fiber okay
sunglasses going in stop wash this is
crazy
this custom pool at $35,000 apparently
it's a little car wash via sunglasses
I love that
when service
was her attack yeah you're in the vlog
now there you go he watches the daily
vlog so you're in it and now I'm
watching this carwash I'm like I could
have just got a hose pipe and sprinkled
it at my glasses
alright so I realized that I completely
messed up there when you said put them
in I got this track tip you're supposed
to put them through this metal hole I
just problem of water
put him against my face literally smells
like a car wash I'm not even joking I'm
not gonna be able to vlog from this
point on because they're gonna take my
phone off me so hopefully I don't lose
all today's footage because if I do put
on $40 a new front screen later and I'm
walking out high these marking is
holding ice cream cones with tizen it
doesn't make sense either hankichi
nothing critize I have no idea make some
sense do i DJ Khaled thing only takes 15
minutes to get back to my apartment like
absolute nail don't look at all that
traffic over there absolutely disgusting
this train lines like the best thing
that's happened to LA so far I'm still
really really exhausted like stupidly
stupidly tired well I was like gonna go
back to my apartment go to sleep and
just have a rest well I should just stay
up before you make videos or something
and then just like fall asleep later on
tonight maybe go hang out with Luke or
something
if this could just shut up
talking over me that'd be great
I got more mail today I think I know
what it is I think it's birthday cards
from my family psych
it's a syndicate regional t-shirt with
oh my god oh my gosh I am so happy she
sent these whether bloom oh yeah yes I
am topless whilst filming this but my
sister said it over swag package of some
more City original stuff but I'm still
setting all the shirts I unbox yesterday
I've got all the new bracelets these are
like I think these are now in stock on
the US website dot about the UK one but
if you want to go check then go check if
you want to get one of these bracelets
the syndicate og bracelets then go and
get one the bla black and gold looks
amazing and then black and yellow and
gold looks even more awesome so I'm very
happy with the way these turned out but
nonetheless if you guys want to get one
links down description for that but
nonetheless I got Sen what is this ah my
mom must have sent me all the Peele box
like birthday cards and stuff like that
so this is absolutely incredible this
this is unreal like if she just drew
this and made this herself
Lexie whoever whoever you are Lexie this
is incredible thank you so much I hope
you wrote a note so I can read it but
that is so damn amazing oh my mum gave
me a card my way what why does that say
why does it look like say it says my 5
a.m. Tom what son time passes pride
deepens love grows too Tom aka 7
centimeters the reason why she writes 7
centimeters is because she all used to
write my name like that that says that
spells Tom the way my mom spells it but
I always said it looks like it says 7
centimeters so now she unit names me 7
centimeters okay
it's a family ongoing joke 23rd on 23rd
love you love you only sir like how she
reminds me that I'm only son she's
either doing a huge cover-up that she
has another son and she's not telling me
but the amur only son stay safe and hope
to see you too lot have a fabulous
birthday love mom 23 kisses oh thanks
mom now obviously it says long-lost
brother Tom so it's not my sister I can
tell by the handwriting but Alice I'm
putting it to one side for a second
because can I just point out this I
already know this is off my
odd because of this smiley face in the
top right-hand corner it's actually
making me really really happy inside
knowing that like they all sent out my
birthday letters and I didn't - just buy
my birthday with them so I'm sorry
family I wish I could have been with you
now I'm guaranteeing you on my sister's
card and if it's not on it I'll be very
disappointed there's gonna be a paw
print from Theodore the cat the black
cat that's need to run my house that
time there'll be a paw print like print
in it you'll see moment of truth can I
trust my sister yes I can dad you outdid
yourself just as much of these balloons
are outdoing themselves right now with
the choice of card looked like this is
absolutely magnificent or you know can't
believe you're 23 and I want to said
about on the front of my card look I
even took it off so I can keep as like a
little memory when I'm here in LA if I
miss my family I can just like look at
it but my dad would just smiley faces
but he's never done a sad face for me
ever I think in my life that's the first
mother face I've ever seen
apart from on his facebook emojis that
usually like crazy but like that's the
first of a smiley face obviously my dad
done but Dad thank you very much for the
Katmai i appreciate a lot what you did
what the heck
why is this cart so thick huh do it whoa
whoa 3d does he open did it open is it
is God who's this off but from Oh Gail
thank you very much for the card you're
amazing I'm just need to close it real
quick and do this again whoa that looks
so trippy and there's only one bloody
scoundrel this world who calls me Tommy
and that's my granddad I hope he's doing
all right and I hope he's not crashed
that car and I have to give a shout as
my gun because he always gets me the
poshest looking birthday cards Christmas
cards and everything so grandad thank
you very much man I appreciate and the
hell is this
granted where's that's witty quick I'm
supposed to give me 20 quid from a
birthday this is some shenanigans to all
my family if you're watching the vlog
thank you so much for cards I really
appreciate it like it's so nice to know
you guys are thinking of me whilst I'm
not that but I love you guys I'll be
back home soon I can't wait to see you
all again
nah wow are we why would you look at
that look how nice those things look I
acted to say right now that gold one is
absolutely astonishingly nice and
unfortunately I lied they don't go on
sale today I'm not on sale yet
they actually go on sale on the seventh
of July so if you want one that's when
to get one sorry about the inconvenience
but that's when they go I know I said I
was going to stay away but it's just
impossible to do I'm not even I've not
even got my blinds closed
like that's how tired I could fall
asleep with the curtains open right now
but I've got to resist fall asleep well
this bed is just so so damn comfy so
I'll decide on the other side what I'm
doing in a minute
just after I close my eyes and I would
say that my sleep patterns kind of fixed
now because it's 7 o'clock in the
morning and I just woke up so I am a
over 200 sheesh I thought but that does
consist now me wrapping up yesterday's
vlog and so I did actually go out and do
quite a lot of stuff it just didn't
quite feel like it because I got in bed
and just passed the hell out so thank
you very much for watching guys I hope
you enjoyed the vlog did make sure like
rating subscribe and if you got a pair
of oakley sunglasses yours
legend hopefully cuz Oakley tweeted me
saying that the raw fizzes are not too
far away hopefully under try and go down
to their offices and just leave with 5
million pairs of sunglasses so they'll
be pretty damn sweet so I love you guys
faces stay also I will catch a guy to
her house
