good water world welcome you face to a
new day and Los Angeles the weather is
pretty damn nice overcast as hell
hey Z's cow cap kale hazy as hell but
nonetheless it's a new dawn it's a new
day refreshing water to start the day
and then I'm going some baiban on the
route from it because I want a tan I
have received two boxes this morning one
I believe is my mobile phone
and two I don't know what it is what -
there's my mobile phone and three I
don't know what this is why am i
counting your numbers in the Box today
Oh some new razor headphones I like I
like that is awesome Thank You Josh
Thank You razor and in the final box oh
we have let iPhone it is perfect one day
delivery shipping absolutely perfect
look at this but she got it custom we
got these custom boxes at FedEx to
specifically port a smartphone into like
that's what this box is what was that
first finish watching the segment right
have seen much it was amazing the entire
time this man thong was next to me so
this this just doesn't look right
oh they opened up the new train line
near where I live so I am gonna try and
see where it goes to how it works and if
I should use it Travel it will be my
first time using it tap it this is
absolutely amazing this is like a ten
minute walk from my house like stupidly
convenient he says he only takes 15
minutes to get to Santa Monica which you
take driving me 20 isn't like that
because the shitload of money and have
to worry about parking or all this and
if I want to I can just jump off the
stop site just jump off and you're back
on within a two-hour period and it
doesn't cost me any more money to get my
conic
and it goes to downtown in 45 minutes oh
gosh it's all brand new and so nice and
clean this is amazing
okay so took my said Santa Monica what's
downtown I'm on this okay I wonder how
long you'll have to wait for each train
now or if it's like hours or minutes hmm
as soon as they got here said there's a
10-minute delay due to mechanical issue
oh I guess we didn't get oh wait let me
try is this a new training I think it is
too sure either way
hell yeah I'm so excited unlike a little
tourist this is brilliant
oh my goodness probably thought I just
got from the wrong side but either way I
did it it would have actually taken spot
on 15 minutes but in fact it and it'll
taking longer because the doors broke
and just like that you walk straight
down this road and you've made it to
some Monica proof pretty much that's it
and the convenience of this is that
that's a mall with everything you could
possibly want in there and the movies
holy shit I can go to the movies so
goddamn conveniently this is great the
weather took a plot twist it'll be nice
and sunny on my first debut to Santa
Monica by train but nope I decided to
stay disgusting thank you dad do the dog
do it damn it Jason what did you don't
look at all this fog rolling in oh my
god you can't even see the end of the
beach usually you can see all the
mountains and stuff but then this
circumstance nope we never seen the
beach like this before this is like a
crazy crazy scenario it's so foggy and
everyone's just still somebody and like
they don't give it down this is amazing
ETA 5 anybody hmm hmm
that was great visit now to turn back
round and go back to the apartment here
today this is ridiculous but nonetheless
I was gonna get the train back to where
I came from but instead Jays actually
coming picking me up Jay here we met
yesterday who's supposed to go on a
photo shoot today in the Sun
No so we're just gonna hang out anyway
so he's gonna be picking me up and yeah
a train line
I simply recommend it it costs $1 seven
eight to trouble from where I was to
there just to get on him from anywhere
cost $1 70 and it lasts for two hours
place fucking bananas finding Jeff was
like finding a good quest in a video
game started he's like finding a quest
in a video game I was all the way up
there and he pinpointed me his location
on his mobile phone and it led me to
here it's like this should be a beacon
above his head or something
least year yes yeah soldered I did look
at this shit whether thoughts/opinions
oh you got spots oh okay Jeff okay Jeff
let's do this this is why I want a jeep
this is Oh is he gonna make it is they
gotta make it but if he fails this is
going straight on the youtubes thank you
thank you that is seeing so many cars
parked up to go surfing oh my days
we're in Malibu right now still like the
high of Malibu we do strop a small
repair
yeah which traveling along the PCH brah
but seconds ago you couldn't see like
five feet in front of you now you can
see all the mountains and stuff we're in
Malibu this place is delicious
Sanjay imagine looking up there oh yeah
hell is totally a travel NH it's fucking
green grass this place is a desert you
want to know how the wall is going you
say we'll get rub on it guy just get
that don't know holds a crash it's a
bust refer everyone's okay what
here's balls house dude that's a bunker
oh wow yeah they got green here that is
super nice Danson
not sure if you guys can even see this
but the fog is literally just coming Pat
we like decided to do a loop around to
see if we could get back here without
the fog so he could take some photos up
there is nothing but the fog still here
man like behind us was Augie is anything
I'm pretty sure I just saw Batman there
was a Ferrari parked at the red light in
front of us and just as we were driving
past him I was like I am 99% sure that
that is Ben Affleck wearing a hat and
sunglasses just packed up his Ferrari
chillin that's kind of fucking cool
Jay just Rovers down this little road
and found a well nice little spa feel
like I'm like a holiday come what's this
called Paradise Cove oh my gosh I'm okay
with cold Malibu they're nice
this is actually beautiful cliff you can
jump off and by that I mean jumping into
the sea not just like throwing yourself
off a cliff folks did not sound good
good yeah you did good look at this
we're outside you can put your feet in
the sand this is awesome go happy we're
gonna be this this is amazing look at
this this is where we are and then this
is what's out in front of us oh my gosh
this is a belt oh my gosh
no vaping rekt oh my god this is so damn
nice I'm coming here way more often way
way way more often J when you're in
Paradise you drink about pineapple oh my
god it's actually really soft and
squidgy it's not hard like I thought it
would be but yeah I got the manliest
drink flower TJ would go away J go home
start my drink was big enough and then
Jay decided yo yeah we need some
calamari what it this is the most
calamari I've ever seen in my life
thanks Jay we could feed again a small
village happy brundin pleasure to meet
ya he said he watches the vlogs I was
actually sat admiring his ginger beard
now everyone in the rooms that look at
me well it's your birthday and this this
is a complimentary cake they gave that
for free oh my gosh yeah I'm totally
gonna have some of your cake thank you
so much dude high five thanks for
watching video I was really appreciative
if that wasn't big enough this is big
enough oh my gosh dude there's so much
food this is ridiculous
what is with the pickles why why why
absolute legends actually gave me a
slice of the cake so much
birthday oh my god I'm so excited hey I
think we ordered too much food and so
already like I had a snack earlier fish
cake panicles it was just a matter of
time playing with the Sun with Murphy
everything was fine then I don't even
know if you can see it yep that sucks
that was in the sand and just stabbed me
yep calm I thought great and they
brought me everything healing equipment
and a septic spray clusters everything
but now for the difficult part of the
day early much worse yeah you could be
getting your footstep my biggest problem
right now is put my sock on with sand on
my foot right now the best guys have the
best kind of live problems to ever have
holy shit
well this day did get better you're
allowed alcohol on the beach because
it's a private beach amazing
it may look absolutely beautiful but
this one is absolutely freezing cold oh
my gosh like an ice bath and there's
even more right so that's it without my
sunglasses and this is it with my
sunglasses look you can really really
see the fog like the definition of it oh
that's so crazy
this fire needs to piss off Jay just
found out that the reason why his
sandbags is that the see they work that
high that it nearly flooded into the
restaurant so they're to put some bags
everywhere how crazy is that these waves
are getting insane that it's like
pushing the water look it's scaring
everyone off he's gonna get gonna get so
much satisfaction see people get soaked
better look at the size of that seagull
bro and right it's a funny thing ever
right oh shit that seagull is gigantic
it's called baguette in its mouth think
I was in my apartment today like hmm I'm
not gonna do today I'm not gonna get out
the house am I gonna do anything and now
I'm kicking back on a beach with the Sun
a beer see this really couldn't get any
bigger unless I could take maybe a
seagull home as a as a pet
we have to agree that that is not a
normal sized seagull it's like wait I'm
so confused by how big this is this is
the biggest seagull I've ever seen in my
life
Blount down for like a second look like
fold and the fog has just rolled itself
on it so it's real calling it quits Jay
you sit that far back in that car came
in fucking see you
I am very common but also recording
gaming videos now I'm not sure of any
videos are actually gonna come out of it
but I'm gonna play it record and just
see how things go basically but great
day out with Jeff really really awesome
might be over them again late it's night
if anything goes down but the weather
kind of sucks and I kinda I just wanna
play games and I just want to record
gameplay so if I get some cool videos
out of it then absolutely perfecto if
not then it goes suck a duck okay so it
looks like I'm about to die or commit a
murder
I can hear a weird echo through the
FaceTime but yeah I tried recording the
video today yep the gaming videos like
yeah you talk to make a video and all
the footage got corrupted so instead of
that not working I'm now gonna torture
myself by watching a scary fucking film
and middle my apartment we no fucking
lights on and yeah if you never hear
from me again this is the lost found
footage of Tom Syndicate who fucking
died because Deborah fucking Logan took
me because that's what I'm watching on
Netflix
get ready for a review if it's scary
I'll let you know I'm not scared
I'll fucking chew it out so this fucking
film sucked dick it was fucking awful
I'm never letting Mike shoot a film ever
again one fucking star it doesn't even
deserve a fucking star aids awful shit
terrible wasn't scared throughout it
once fucking predictable crap storyline
just fired that's how bad it was shit
yeah aw come on it's so go to bed guys
and filming tomorrow me and Jade go
enough adventuring again we're going to
somewhere called Joshua Tree so no idea
what to expect what apparently is kind
of awesome it's kind of like more
towards the desert sort of things so
that's where we're going to expect a
pretty awesome vlog we're gonna take the
drone as well and if I do get back
carrying time I managed to edit the
drone footage and put it into the vlog
with music and a good quality I'll try
and do it but much love to your faces
make sure you smash that like born share
really friends and subscribe for daily
vlogs at 6 p.m. UK time every single day
till tomorrow thanks watching and adios
