it is 842 in the morning and I'm trying
to go to sleep so the only way to make
this happen is by going the to
sleep like to consider myself a risk
taker and today I am taking a risk I
completely run out hair gel you might be
like it just doesn't sound
dangerous but I only usually use one
hair gel and it's a tawny guy like
proper spikey strong stuff but I've run
out of it like all the audience is going
to use this is like the best hair gel
stuff ever super strong super useful
right now now I'm gonna be trying Old
Spice Forge put this is probably gonna
fail and you'll see me crying in ten
minutes when it does ah it's not as good
as I was hoping I thought it'd be much
stronger but it's much like a a weaker
pace enjoy all those lads and ladies out
there who spiked the hair up you'll
understand that if you spike arrow
properly you need some thick to
stick it up with so I'll spice Forge you
guys let me down this goes out a date
June 28 this one goes out of date July
5th perfect I'm sick of Ivanoff it to
snack on in this house so I decided to
step my game up and get some top ramen
ramen
I've aiming but either way I'm gonna try
this and hopefully it's good poodles
acquired which I think I may have like
really really overdone because one my
ball is on absolutely fine a broad pile
in hot water or into it and then
microwaved it as well and it doesn't
seem to like there's that much flavor in
it but every way I'm finally doing a
gaming video on my main channel even if
I get something I don't get something
I'm opening 20 gamer cases so let's get
unboxing video on the girl and get to
day out of rogues I'm actually feeling
like I want to make more gaming videos
for the main channel so let's do this oh
my god update they're absolutely
incredible like honestly I love noodles
but these oh my gosh 10 out of 10 so
good that's vlog so I just hold it like
so like you know you've got that camera
yes basically that but I just take it in
my phone and just film on the go and
look at you would know glasses on you
looking so bad
dude hey the bed looks great the
business third time good friend time you
missed a dude EDC meet Jeff Jeff Jeff
only just survived okay
tequila okay this might at it I'm gonna
try ass out celery
cocktail
Oh God holy Albert what's on the rim
on earth crisps crisps what the hell
this is your this is yours oh my gosh
they syndicate
I hope someone in the comments will
translate everything they just said
because I don't like it understand a
single thing they just said but good
from LA with long from LA with love okay
okay Angelo I'm giving it that looks
very very odd because I don't touch it
this oh my gosh this this dish beat
every single day should that lugod it so
hey it's nothing personal another person
why is this a bit Luke what why is this
a thing why it's even thing you look
finished Ashley and as you're
done it's trying but you are my T's
these secret oh my god I can actually
see better with these glasses on I had
LASIK when I was 20 I can see better
with these glasses now because my legs
x1 off so weird to see perfectly again
whoa whoa whoa
that's why I'm gonna do to you yeah
trying to blind John Purvis bitch here
we see Luke Angelo and Evan having a
small business conversation oh this is
crazy I am so close to ten million
subscribers on my main youtube channel
this is the one YouTube channel has died
that I thought was gonna be the only
YouTube channel I ever had if there was
anything that could have changed it
would be that I did my daily vlogging on
this channel but because I already made
my vlogging channel and this was my
gaming channel I was happy I separated
the two but to think that this 9 9 9 9
is all about to change to 1-0 and just
gained an extra number is absolutely
insane will probably see someone
unsubscribe whilst I'm doing this but
that is insane to see and think that I'm
so close to 10 million subscribers
another vlog is like me showing my life
and all that sort of stuff and I just
want to take a second to say thank you
to everyone who I like it and found me
through the syndicate project and then
subscribe to my vlogging channel because
a lot of people have the whole premise
of like oh you forget about the people
who made you are who you are today sort
of thing and I don't want to look at it
like that at all I I respect him some of
the same but like I'm a youtuber I'm
still the same person I still make the
same sort of videos I may be different
videos like gaming vlogging like I still
make videos because I want to make the
many people enjoy that content that I'm
doing exactly what I want to do and
people enjoying exactly what I'm doing
and so I just want to thank everyone who
supported me along the way with whatever
I've done rather than hating on me for
not doing something I was known for in
the past I never want to be stuck and
forced doing the one thing that I used
to do and I want to move forward in life
progressing to new things where it is I
made a gaming channel I got 10 million
subscribers I went to twitch I got 2
million followers
I made a vlogging channel which is on 2
million subscribers like I want to be
able to branch out him as many different
things as possible and you guys have all
made that possible so thank you so much
for how far you got me and we'll
continue to see what the we're
doing live because I'm the most random
person will gets 10 million subscribers
and uploads a video every other two
weeks rather than every day because why
I just feel like it and I appreciate you
guys respect and understanding that so
oh my God we're so close haha my new
package has arrived and I'm gonna let
your guess what it is it's not the hell
the worst cut ever judge should know of
or expect bought there's a clue right
there
yeah for the record I basically just
found it it's another one of those
speakers if you guys didn't I've got
these sono speakers that you can put all
around the house and you connect your
Wi-Fi can control it for your phone
basically the absolutely epic
now I'm not sponsored to say this
they're just really good but
when I bought my house in the UK like I
paid a lot of money to put like speakers
all in my ceiling and you have to like
for an existing house you have two holes
in the ceiling all that start stuff up
when you build a new house after room
wires everywhere whereas if you get one
of these are a few of these you can just
put them absolutely everywhere around
your building and just play music
wherever you want so there's one there
above my bed kiss it there there's one
above my bed there was one in the
kitchen and now I'm putting one in my
bathroom let's plug over here so in the
bathroom I just love music so it's
absolutely perfect oh this is driving me
crazy
nine million nine hundred ninety nine
thousand nine hundred thirty-nine and
people keep unsubscribe and re-subscribe
it unsubscribe like this number has been
going up and down for the past 200
subscribers look because I think every
wants to try and be the 10 million
subscriber so I'm patiently waiting to
see when it happens and not think I'd be
emotional right now but this is actually
happening Oh God there it is 10 million
subscribers oh my goodness nothing I'd
be emotional right now but this is
actually happening
oh god there it is
10 million subscribers oh my goodness
it it's just a number but it's not just
a number it's ten million people who
made each of accounts who click
Subscribe and who have been there for me
on this entire journey you've been with
me when I'm feeling happy even when I'm
feeling sad you follow me throughout my
journeys of playing Minecraft called you
eat zombies vlogging troubling GTA
counts right everything that I've done
you guys have followed me and I cannot
thank enough people I cannot thank
10,000,000 people enough for support me
on this and I know doing vlogging is
something very much different from
gaming but it's what makes me happy in
life is the content that I want to make
and I could not express to you guys how
much it means to me to be able to hit
that number so ladies and gentlemen we
got to please subscriber bunch it's
David a budget of play button oh I did
it
I hit ten million subscribers on YouTube
well okay okay to be fair on the website
it says I'm on nine nine nine eight or
four but technically I'm on ten million
and forty nine subscribers I don't know
it's a wizard web site but I did
it I hit it and almost Alice I swear mom
mom yes well ten million subscribers I
literally just hit that YouTube it says
I've got nine million nine hundred
ninety nine thousand nine hundred forty
two but if you use this website that
shows like the lion I've got ten million
I can't prove it to my phone that's just
yet what what but where's the support
from you guys you supposed to be my
family love you got word of a why I
clean my apartment I paid all my bills
and like utilities and stuff like that
FaceTime on FaceTime my sister got in
bed was about to pass the hell out and I
was like I forgot to end the void I
forgot to completely vlogging I forgot
to end the vlog I forgot to do
everything necessary with the vlog so
I'm gonna go to bed guys cuz it's four
o'clock in the morning now like I didn't
even finish setting up my speaker or
anything like I just got distracted
getting ten million subscribers on the
main channel now I'm motivated for 10
million subscribers to do a draw my life
so expect that video coming very very
eventually I'm not gonna give you a date
cuz you know I'm no good with the
responsibilities like but nonetheless
guys I hope you enjoyed today's vlog if
you didn't kill the like right and
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
for my next gala vlog what today I
didn't really do much where's tomorrow
we'll go to VidCon
