o'clock in the afternoon it seems like a
reasonable time to get out of bed I was
supposed to spend the whole day hanging
out with the object guys but I ended up
sleeping what's wrong scum pay what's
wrong okay yes I don't know what
happened in your sleep I don't know what
kind of sick dreams you have maybe I've
already got the tarantula whoa so team
what do you think about operation
Turan conquer it's a girl it's a girl -
Evan - ranch comp do you like the name
hashtag - ranch company let's do this
scum loves
by ders perfect Taffer ride on the
boosted board which one we take you
today number one let's rock ed wait the
hellenistic don't like one miles Browns
got full battery these are like
different things make you go faster
slower is right now going very far now
this is no like it yeah oh shit
thank God it lands into a bush rather
than skunks car that would have been
pretty aggressive but take this bad boy
bar right whilst I'm totally driving
around on this boosted board naked as
anything I won't let you guys know that
silica original sure that I'm Jonah
where it's got a massive sale on certain
items of 25% off so if you've ever
wanted to get a syndicate t-shirt go
down click the link in description go
check it out and you'll be able to get
yourself some swag if you do get
yourself on Twitter mix I always make
sure I reply to you people wearing the
swaggy shirt so much sucks your faces
fit the link get yourself some syndicate
Rijal swag well fortunately no brisk
amate so I open this Cooper to the side
to see if they have any left and they
have more than a fucking enough what the
hell is in this bottle that I've just
found on this desk that is disgusting
throwing down on the ps4 1v1 in scum 4
black ops 3 not sure how this is gonna
go but we shall see or my first video of
my overwatch first ever case urban video
just went live I was opening for the
first time which pretty cool but got a
problem all this house only has is total
beaches because they're all sponsored by
Turtle Beach but I'm sponsored by Razer
so I need to try and find a Razer
headset in this house
- forgot to bring mine with me so right
now I'm screwed ok
headphones are quiet time to start the
warm-up that way I'm not going to
appliance I'm gonna play if you put
matches and free-for-all see how that
goes and then take his ass down this is
how you know even though we've got our
differences of you know spider attacks
and stuff ah is gonna give me a slice of
Pete where is it there aren't put it
there this hey hey guy
and you throw a tarantula in my room as
I'm waiting on guy listen thank you for
the pizza
maybe I'll stall the spider prank by a
few days now thank you wait a minute
fucking scum just randomly gave me this
controller me thinking it would work on
this but apparently I am wait what's
going on
what what's happening your ps4 bro what
you almost show my credit card
really yeah you have the PlayStation
just looked it I plugged it in on my
thing and try to play with it and I just
said you're screaming I was like fuck I
know what the hell's going on
oh thank God for that so what I do not
even sure how the fuck that happened but
yeah I somehow connected his and he's
live-streaming and apparently except
press the PS home button like it pulled
up some information and then I like like
without seeing it I almost let it to
show people here's a credit card
information so thank God that didn't
happen but dude that's that one way to
do a prank connect to someone's
PlayStation was there on and just take
control you know what so I'm letting you
keep the room okay I'm letting you keep
it going give us a talk give us the
proper tour you got it like MTV crib
this is the piper crib of a viper good
what oh shit bubble we'd like montage
shots of zooming into everything yeah
dent right gives it give it at all then
gives it to look at over here oh map TV
because I can have to watch that to go
to sleep yep
close right there most was in the
laundry but there's a bunch you're like
yeah jacket stuff like that very smart
oh just okay nice bed I see you actually
got I got the bet you got the bed fixed
okay I'm gonna review the bed oh okay
that's pretty fucking heavenly holy shit
yeah oh my god that's really nice yeah
good job
umm fans obviously cuz get stuffy in
here sometimes yeah okay pewter not
finished oh not self yet but you're
still using hex yeah but this is where
the setups gonna be I said I see I am I
left my laptop in his stuff yeah yours
that's mine okay so yeah yeah that's my
laptop I completely left a three
thousand dollar laptop of the object I
was just like I did this you know what
nice room you know I think the best
review gets this this case this gives
the room a 10 out of 10 yeah this is
called um
haven't given him a name yet oh I do lip
stuffed animals
uh whatever itches hey it's adorable
yeah I like that alright um camera for
vlogging yep okay I just like some icing
on my vitamins because I always buddy I
wake up take two of these okay and then
start my day candle on CD has a smell
good smells really good in here why is
that what yeah smells like candy it's
most oh my god that's so fucking much
now you know what you've done it but I
feel I feel proud to say you deserve
this room thank you you know even though
I really want if you feel like moving
out you'll let me know right okay okay
thank the MTV Cribs we'll be back next
time bye bye no yard
it wait is this your car oh okay we're
going on adventure I just rode the
motorbike super super cool I'm gonna go
pro ride that soon I just found out you
don't have to wet okay this I know it
sounds terrible
we don't have to wear a helmet legally
to ride a bike that's true yeah out here
you don't have to wear a helmet but you
have to wear some sort of vision
protection that's kind of fucking stupid
at the same time so you can I guess so
okay tomorrow is crimsix Ian's birthday
now what I usually do for fellow gamers
is I'd buy them a collection of the most
random items I can find in a store okay
so I think you should give me freaked
him out because his girls here what with
a super dad well that he's gonna be a
father
oh god so okay that's that's dangerous
what you're doing there I'm thinking
weird shit like ring for beer so I'm
gonna find five random art items to buy
for Crim's --ax for his birthday
next item Fedora I feel like a nipple
breastfeeding kit would be amazing like
a breast pump but I feel like it's just
a bit too expensive
without a doubt 77 cents for a rubber
duck easily getting in this on the theme
of hearts I decided to get him an
American hat as well he's gonna love
this getting them for his birthday yeah
cuz I see he's a superhero fan he has
had to say something yeah this is a
fucking trending aisle
it says trending
mate where are we right now Macy's no
I'm fucking up target has a trending ow
it thinks it's 12 it's Memorial weekend
in America
so I thought that tomorrow since it's
Crim's birthday I'm gonna get crate a
beer and every American outfit you can
think of so I have a full little outfit
to wear that hot that was going to give
to crimp I'm keeping for myself so sorry
cream but I'm going for Mary you have to
help me pick him a doll just like that
one superhero girl how much is superhero
girl like a she's there when you got it
I just picked one is which one Captain
America oh okay
very very good call we could get him
okay the girl one was a great idea but
that was a bet right I think maybe we
could get him this that kind of looks
like Krim
I think $4.99 holy Sh a we should target
it this is the one they actually have
one all right good decision
yeah good decision right that's his
final present oh no I stole the America
I mean getting one more thing this is
why we know you are a really good friend
even though I'm buying my favorite movie
yeah we're buying in both the action
figures will walk in his room to be
playing with them perfect there you go
that's fine I'm making them jointly
kissing yeah oh yeah well we'll talk
nothing a little totally touching our
make it yo is there any way we can find
them a Winter Soldier backpack I'm gonna
get in this as well okay yep I'm getting
in as well this just feels so right
alcohol American flag American hot pants
shorts socks bandana fedora
Captain America toys ringing beer Bell
and a dog perfect
oh my table is being set thank you so
polite much impressed look who I'm back
with high five
Alexis would finally collaborating how
do you feel people want to be like a
high five girl so much
that's what you do to BFS right also
this is on the wrong side what are you
doing to me you know well actually I
can't forget how to set a table like
that
park on the Left map on the right Lexus
recommendation since though she'd never
had it before so it's not much of a
recommendation but it's more of a choice
but we got street tackle from Buffalo
Wild Wings and oh my god all right I
think that's that good
that's a nine your league is a nine what
I think that's that good I'm giving it a
nine out of ten so we decided to order
some wings
some Owings and moorings and a shitload
of ranch saw this is what the weather
looks like from this direction and then
you go over here oh oh my god what there
is a storm coming and these people will
survive these people will die soon we're
doing a collab video and this is one of
Lex's wings freaking good that was the
other one sad I know so she's got a pain
all this like this is a 3d pot here but
like all this looks so 3d I wait
patiently for updates as Alexis paint
so she said that'll take her about an
hour and this will take me about an hour
so I'm just going to sit back and stare
at balloons oh I got to play the game
let's take a look I got my mirage and I
was like okay let's do this
I thought I would kill all of them but I
got one too and then only just managed
to pick up the third with a single shot
but nonetheless play the game not play
the shame look how different look at it
look right into the camera look so
intuitive with them contacted scary how
crazy she looks look at this now we're
gonna do my painting one and this is
gonna be like a collab done here's your
wig
yeah no wait don't let your mom see this
is she oh she always watches blogs haha
fuck you Shelley okay ladies and
gentlemen so before you see me you need
to understand one thing Alexis looks
like this alright she looks like a
character everything is great she then
decided to go to my eyebrows and make me
look like what the hell did she do to
that this is why you cannot trust
gingers at all but right now we're doing
a club of me looking like this so when
it's out which really Eva tomorrow the
day after whenever it's right after yeah
I'll be I'll be show know when this is
up it should be tomorrow is a you
readiness tonight we'll find out but
either way when the video goes live I'll
just like you know in the vlog but
either way this is totally screwed job
but like everywhere whatever
I'm not texting actually I'm vlogging
she's now painting me half white because
I'm a pretty princess and my eyebrows
just disappeared
what if I can't we just realize it all
has to come off I look like a really sad
thing gray and uh you look a panda I do
kind of like the snapchat well look like
a okay
I look like an instant snapchat filter
oh yeah that's what I was thinking
oh yeah actually the Google lemur I
wasn't kind of like a gorilla - the nose
honey I don't look anything like a girl
I look absolutely like insane I look
like I've got eyeliner on I like I put
eyeliner on look at me this is what
happen when you and we did the the
predator one I couldn't get it off fly
the next two days that's two days up no
I couldn't I just did a terrible job of
me washing it so do we actually put
eyeliner on it or not I know we didn't
do a bad job of washing see now this is
the life of a crater this is like part
wave it done and I've just smudged it
all and say look at the right light this
is this is like a quarter of the way
finished and it's four o'clock in
morning and we just were like we're too
fucking time to even do this what the
hell is wrong with your face yeah over
light it's four o'clock in the morning
we want to do shit tomorrow so we're
just like giving up and we're gonna do
it later so miles talk yeah go just like
this okay bye guys it is like yes makeup
it still looks like it's on it's not
even make up its like paint alright but
it's whatever but nonetheless it's like
four o'clock in the morning now I'm back
hope that I'm going to bed me Alexa
she's gonna take care of it tomorrow
because I just way too tired to do it
now so people going to 6:00 like
tomorrow it's gonna be awesome
but until then guys I'm going to bed
something sugar like rain subscribe and
I will catch you guys later
in the next vlog which is daily at 6
p.m. UK time you guys should know about
be there I've been doing this finale 10
months so much left your faces and some
makeup dude
