good morning world 443 in the afternoon
and I've only just got out of that that
said I do like he's Ventura pet
detective
and potato hair mode is engaged
nonetheless I have called pizza for
breakfast and I fucking myself a flight
to Las Vegas let's do this in the u-boat
ready to go next stop LAX next stop
Vegas my flight boards at 625 and my
uber driver got me here in 15 minutes so
hopefully I'm a make on I'm not sure if
I will I'm not sure if I won't
we'll just have to wait and see made it
through security and I've got 10 minutes
to get there so hopefully I think I made
it
okey-dokey we're going to Las Vegas
Virgin Atlantic's oh no five on-time 65
a yes but actually depending on how long
this fucking Holi takes me to walk yeah
I might miss the goddamn flight look the
size of it if the fucking cars driving
down here to make it quicker made it to
the gate it does say it's going to
Austin Texas but I checked the screen
again and we're definitely going to Las
Vegas from this gate I hope now that I
broke purse where I'm not gonna try and
find some food because the only thing
I've eaten so far was that slice of
piece that you saw me eating and I only
had one of them so let's find some food
and hopefully Jay photographer Jay he
might be joining us even have time to
get a goddamn chicken burger
I did fine J is waiting outside to go on
the play and I'm saying like Road
warning so that's me
thinking like first classical it was the
same price for thirst clusters it was
not Moscow I just said if I first class
is different actually like $12 way
and no choice
but my ax next up Las Vegas sky
dismissed
it's so pretty
sunset is
shit's a nuclear bombs grunting in
distance oh my god it is hot as balls
and look who I found
whatever the bugger you ready for uh I
ain't gonna be a long night
just give you a long night because one
Jake thanks Jones on another trip
another trip another adventure your
flight to get here cuz what $20 what's
mine costs 200 that's great you've
you're a fucking motherfucker you find
the best deals possible and now we have
to get taxi to the hotel and then we
have to sit in traffic for three hours
sleep oh no no way we're sleeping it's
then going to take us three hours to get
to the actual EDC event so oh yeah yeah
no fucking at it I didn't know if I was
gonna get here today so every should
trouble everywhere in that limo but
nonetheless that's fucking drew here
voila this is my hotel room and Jeff is
in my hotel room right now
just fucking idiot booked his hotel for
tomorrow not tonight
so the guest services are bringing up a
roll out med for Jeff to stay on yeah
you're fucking useless man it's like
we're camping in an RV again living
together either way this is my bed is it
gonna become fit or not oh my god that
is actually heavenly this hotel room is
well nice but I'm not gonna lie that
that wardrobe looks like something's
gonna climb out of it Jeff I don't think
you're aware how lit this hotel is right
now Joel is Jeff come in Jeff I need you
yeah Jeff Jeff come in come in joy not
how good this hotel is man okay
seriously they have got stickers on the
toilet roll this she is softly oh whoa
whoa wall exposed exposed this guy's
about to reach of a tip some titties
good reach to the sky this escaliers
looking massive Jade are we going the
right way I'm not convinced you are you
went this way you supposed to listen
don't put this on me
fucking we fuck now finally found the
right place we went up three levels it's
built to some people and they're like
yeah your list but you're going to guess
that I guess list then we came down says
went into one room it was like no you're
in the other room across the hall they
were left Russell Hall went to their I
think like yeah you're on the list but
then we didn't know is that you don't
run the list we need a $20 donation to
do it I personally thought they were
just trying to fucking scam $20 out of
us right like they could get rid of that
100 people nine softly yes a lot of
fucking people there's a lot of fucking
money so yeah there we go right we got
other plusses fine wait you didn't know
but this one is that too like VIP all
access the backstage pass so folks
Pavillion thank you for the hook-up rope
love you Oh Jeff that shit what yo test
it out give us a review come on Jeff oh
oh he's so excited
guys dude okay I just hit your spine
breaking when you go on it I'll just
I'll just climb back into heaven Oh
smart man man smart man that good
room-service Jeff we got we got it good
I decided to go for a tow no dude
right I didn't think about that like
this is really really good food service
right now and this is a broth I don't
know this is gonna taste good but I
thought I'd fill me pouring in oh this
thought this is good that dude put a
chicken was it pork belly bit of eggs in
there but of everything else
oh my god I am a fan it is exactly 10
p.m. right now like on the minute on the
second it's 10 p.m. and this right now
guys I'm not even messing with you like
the flavor in it is absolutely
ridiculous no mmm it's so good it's so
this is a 10 out of 10 what was it that
the Newman
the Newman Robin this makes you a new
man this is this this is going to keep
me in my fucking place at my camp oven
ramen was good this is a fucking 10
million leaven this is going to give me
enough energy to party the entire way
through EDC the three days of being
kissed so knowing that we can get that
from like the morning till 11 p.m. at
night I'm gonna probably that everyday
about 20 minutes with a traffic to go
and then in the horizon is DC even
though you can't see shit from here but
it is over there
dropped off ready to go it is nice and
warm out here heat right thanks today
was gonna take like two three hours to
get here it took us literally like so if
I focus on the wrong thing oh we made in
it midnight is the time we've arrived
we've got goes through security like
this is like the third step of fucking
security right now but understandable
don't go to the main stage seeing may
diesel and then I think I want to try
and sneak backstage to see what the
hell's going on so let's do it is
oh I got it's fucking massive ha ha ha
it goes for miles
yeah I can feel the lucky to edit to you
this room right now it's insane
fine I don't know how I was gonna feel
about it but right now this shit is the
is better this is the wit of being live
see everyone who could spit on them up
we found them up hopefully it says you
are Hicks I still have a goddamn clue
where we are right we're gonna find the
main street I'm looking by moving
octopus I've always wanted to see this
thing oh my gosh
all these people
holy shit
right
which is like one of the coolest places
I've ever been in my life
it's just it's so random which is the
bull like the parade of cars driving
along just in fire yes okay right now
I've watched Jay I haven't firm a and I
have about diesel I'm trying to text but
the signal is awful I'm trying to find
everyone else and I'm waiting underneath
the arch type I find them so I'm just
fucking drinking and enjoying music and
all that
please login they're all
oh my god dude I was waiting there for
an hour and a half as I'm the great time
we did I fought back I found you I
forgot about everything I wanted guys
guys I lost it
I bought myself a lot it's too late the
emotions already came to Romania yes my
favorite song Moby porcelain
check
he puts him in the rib she will die
tonight I promise this she puts you what
a good friend yeah I'll still kill
setup I know this was a rollercoaster
it's a Wallis life
but we don't come
kept my promise I stayed until fucking
summer I came out look at this
don't you see Las Vegas very impressive
well EDC day one there's three days but
I was every day two I got one day more
day tomorrow it was absolutely insane
the fact that I stayed here until the
right is the best / best time of your
life and here we see the humans exiting
your arena which they partied so hard
one at a time they moved the foot by
foot to only get stuck in traffic
Mae how are you feeling warm as fuck
what seven hours of dancing I think you
I think you rave longer than me
definitely I think you really like three
hours earlier than me nonetheless you
know what we might be dressed amazingly
but J who's dressed the best you know
what no they go higher Oh Oh Mike oh I
can't handle myself
that shit's all it I'm gonna take a
guess that this is hazards cap why is it
has it's car hazard is this your car
what gave it away no I have no fucking
she knows she's like I have no idea like
draw penis on the back of it or nailed
it here we see a man with a sex doll yes
it's in its infinite Prime it's
absolutely perfect what's in your boot
we give them we give to them a toy that
we find in the back of our boot you got
a present for us whoa whoa whoa
what oh oh is this for us that's for you
you know what this hey hey this is what
brings ad Sears together it's something
the car for about how long would you say
been sent a car for 45 minutes all right
let me show you what as traffic goes
apart from this person do it like a
escape route it won't do anything
because let me show you this is the
traffic more traffic motor that's kind
of cool keep going keep we're going
deeper going keep it lit keep our going
on keep her going keep her going all
right so that traffic leads to here
remember like oh it's move it no it's
just people shuffling but then if you
look out over here this line of cars is
trying to go out here that like are
trying to go ahead and it just made this
fucking pit I've just looked this cars
angled at every position possible to try
and get out so this is literally gonna
take like probably two and a half hours
to get out to the sporty five minutes to
get from there to there so it's probably
gonna take even fucking longer
soldered for the love of God please get
off this fucking Highway oh my actual
god we did it I fucking did it
fuck that parking lot fucking m3 drive
bitch fuck the EDC parking lot we were
in there for two fucking hours only just
on the road we're now turning this into
a pirate ship because the fucking Sun is
now burning us because it's 8 o'clock in
the morning and we're pretty much gonna
die of chronic dehydration or something
so this is what happens
Jay how you feeling about revving all
night was good yeah just took him trap
again on the parking lot for two I was
not so good and then getting the craft
rush how do you feel
you're good did we just exhausted it's
been it's been a long day right and
we're still not home and it's sunny just
fuck I am
and it's 91 degrees outside no one was
it to be just fine huh right yeah it's
not one degrees Fahrenheit outside so I
cannot wait to get back to the hotel and
just sleep sleep sleep and then more
sleep hey thank you very much for the
ride home my friend love each piece is
much love sleep well I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
inside we go so actually fun story Jay
actually booked your hotel here for
tomorrow and scene so it's tomorrow in
about like two or three hours it'd be
ready you might as well just chill the
pool and then get a hotel when you wake
up when you go out how did you go to a
room asleep fucking chill I just got
back and I was like oh my gosh I can go
to bed and just enjoy this comfort psych
I have to upload the vlog get it up for
you guys and not be late so make sure
you leave three like the ratings and
we'll can all celebrate together Geoff
is about to pass out in bed I'm going to
pass out in bed it's now a pap I'm a.m.
and we're going to bed so thank you very
much for watching guys
I love your faces and I'll see you
tomorrow for EDC day to pull day 2 to
day 2 or whatever day two in Vegas
concurs off so which lips your faces and
killed
