got to give it to drunk Tom I clean down
all the sides and put everything away I
managed to eat everything in the goddamn
hotel last night and I was like why have
I packed up everything included my shoes
i amaze myself
he chewed in my life immediately
unfortunately a drunk night waffle break
was a not enough to build me I'm
currently looking for an elevator to get
me to the roof so I can chill out in the
Sun and join the homies Wow look at that
that's the the maze ban from GTA anyone
recognizes that and that's the building
but yesterday we were fighting that's
got the glass slide on it but look at
this rooftop bar looking awesome
absolutely oh my god this Hall going
you're keeping her going got a good nice
life enjoy it I was absolutely smashed
really you weren't falling all over the
place we promised penny I did not make
you drink anything you're a grown-ass
adult man wrongful he was he was in the
wild collecting himself some food for
the road he's ascending to a gothic
goodbye thought to ask you all a
question
and it's very fucking important that you
answer this correctly is sprite lemonade
yes wait no yes
no no what the fuck is wrong with you
all my entire life I've grown up knowing
that sprite is lemonade everywhere you
go can I get let me spray that's what
you get and I put it on Twitter I don't
having like an argument with a certain
individual like that fucking sprite is
lemonade how are we the only ones who
agree on that if you go can I have
lemonade they give you sprite
yeah but are you going to find authentic
like California place they'll give you a
homemade lemonade if it has homemade
lemonade yes it's right to wash sprite
then lemonade lemonade is up there
tastes like real lemon oh oh I have no
idea what the keys to my apartment ah
balls the end of the era must happen III
is finished the response must come off I
always try and collect as many as I can
to see at the end of the trip how crazy
I look like an EDM rave or something
like that but you know what III is over
and I'm going to keep them how you know
I've come back from a trip 101 all the
clothes need washing and there's no food
in the house this is just not acceptable
just not acceptable whatsoever and I'm
more annoyed of the fact that I was at
that hotel bar odd today chilling on the
rooftop being like sad and depressed
that I didn't have my swim shorts with
me turns out I did so all day I could've
been in the pool and now I'm upset so to
make up for it I'm getting in the bath
putting down the knife of mass
destruction and not in fact gonna cut
them off if I go to Las Vegas tomorrow
and I end up getting like tons of oh my
god just Pitt out getting tons and tons
of wrist bands I want to see how many I
can collect on my wrist till the very
end of the trip so I'm gonna keep the
topic of wearing things if you guys
remember we played Dungeon Hunter 5 the
campaign the youtuber event well
basically we smashed that and destroyed
the like what was it called for Jetta
yeah that guy
we absolutely kicked his ass and
everyone else's like we don't even
mention them cuz he waited close to us
but we destroyed the voting competition
that we did to try and get our own
in-game syndicate armor well basically
we won it and now the armor is available
for your faces so that's like a standard
set of army wear and then that is the
sin
look at it it's got the logo it's got
the Hawaiian head it looks absolutely
beautiful all right now I've recorded
the gameplay from mobile I'm just
playing it back on my computer so it's
bigger and I can point out and just be
like just look at it it looks insane
dungeon her like I said did an
absolutely incredible job with this
thank you so much for the opportunity
and I cannot wait to see what we can do
to make syndicate custom weapons in-game
as well don't forget you guys want to
just play dungeon on her and check it
out I'll put a link down description for
you guys to check out
game off thank you very much for
sponsoring this a dungeon Hunter 5 we
hope to get some badass syndicate
weapons in the game soon and to everyone
who took part in the event
congratulations that armor is now yours
relaxing enjoying it and Luke's as Tom
come and join me for dinner so I said
you know what I'm starving I will a
convenient time that I just turn and oh
there you guys happen to be in water the
chance for that I bet you've definitely
got a better beard and mustache that
make best decision ever to come out food
right now I'm rich even though we Cheers
I'm choosing again even those drinking a
Mexican beer right now Luke your wine
cheese and so much right that way is
because we got Parma ham opera show oh
my gosh
it's 10 out of 10 stars it's really
really good
yes yes yes and more yes before the
chicken okay
okay that looks normal like something
you would order and make sense I don't
know I don't it's very wise it green I
said creamy white sauce and she gave me
green yeah well the thing is it tastes
fucking insane good oh it's perfect
that's exactly what I like to eat but
nonetheless I did not order like that
good idea Jerome what we're gonna do is
because it's three of us we're gonna
decide who pays the entire bill rather
than splitting it the person remote
rules the lowest number has to pay so
let's just write French like that's it
that's it refreshed and you're going
first oh yeah I'm gonna lose right I
lose so what are you gonna get whatever
you see let's go I'm not gonna put my
car down
oh okay weave your neck I'm gonna lose
it's gonna get six again
hello a nice background alright Hatchin
0:05 hey sorry Luke it's okay it's okay
it's okay
hey good job right now this is what you
call a sunset oh my gosh that is
beautiful
and what car is this driving away Shh
nothing fancy yeah as much as I want to
go out and do stuff guys I'm just
absolutely exhausted I'm so stupid the
tired
all I'm gonna do is get in bed watch
once you calm and what's a cold Vikings
and I'm pretty sure orange is the new
black season 4 just came out on Netflix
so I'm gonna bend to watch the living
shit out all of it and just fall asleep
and I want to wait for the morning nice
and fresh and decide whether or not I'm
going to Las Vegas gonna be having a
laugh they're still up how these
balloons still up like like what what is
happening is this some wizard stuff
right now like there's enough helium in
them them to actively be still standing
I am very very impressed with these
balloons and have it be known from this
day forward
this white one should be called Benjamin
and this purple shall be named Oscar
Benjamin and Oscar let's see how long
you'll ask flasks last it got personal
now it got personal as you guys know I
went up to Canada and character was
absolutely amazing but Lex when it's
Canada and when she came back from it
she brought me back a maypole lollipop
now apparently these are addicting as
hell so I'm gonna try it and review it
for her you ready oh wait is hard I
didn't know you could just chew it all
you have to look it like an actual iPod
hmm what the only best thing to describe
as is it doesn't taste like maple syrup
but if anyone can comment down below as
to what light is it treacle toffee or
what's up what's that sweet in the UK we
eat a bonfire because wherever that is
this tastes like it so if I could give
it rating out of 10 I probably only give
it a 5 to be fair
she's gonna kill me it's four o'clock in
the morning I have nice lovely pizza at
my fingertips in my expose 'l i also
have a hot chocolate and I have Vikings
what more could I ask for
I want more can I ask for that would
include a flight to Vegas right now and
if I did actually play smack probably
get on a flight to Vegas in the next
three hours what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna sleep past the hell out was
watching biking so I'm probably gonna be
awake for another like five hours and
when I get up when I'm ready packed and
all that sort of stuff I'm just gonna
see when the first available flight is
to fly out to Vegas so not rushing there
no chaos no panic just when I get up
after good night's sleep that is when
I'm going to Las Vegas so hopefully
tomorrow's vlog I'll be in Las Vegas
with that said ladies and gentlemen
thank you very much for watching if you
want to leave a like go and then go
ahead and do so I tried to you know set
the challenge of to like reins in
yesterday's video and it was a struggle
but we did it with like 10,000 extra
like cranes on top of it so if we can be
if we can beat three I'll be impressed
okay
but yeah gonna be fun to hang out with
everyone who's going to EDC Las Vegas
and you know if it does like go as
planned I should have like VIP backstage
access to everything so it should be
pretty good damn interesting to see what
we could vlog but I would be
disappointed if I don't end up going to
Vegas because I really really like to so
nonetheless leave your faces see you
tomorrow at 6 p.m. UK time for the next
vlog
until then my episode of Vikings is
starting goodbye oh my gosh
it's 4:30 9 in the morning why am i
still awake watching Netflix I was not
even Netflix I've given up on Netflix
now I know I'm bloody Amazon fucking
prime because I'm addicted to the shows
that I haven't even available on Netflix
without a doubt say if I had Netflix or
Amazon Prime when I was at school trying
to like study for my exams and stuff I
would have completely failed so thank
goodness I don't and if you are doing
exams
one piece of advice don't watch
television shows oh maybe this is why
with a generation of Netflix and
chilling I get it now what√µs
