it's a new dawn it's a new day
this balloon hasn't gone down why the
fuck not but welcome your faces to a
brand new video where I am vlogging and
I will hopefully remember to vlog today
let's go outside to Los Angeles and look
at the weather looks like crap so let's
go ahead
shut this door walk into the office and
do nothing but play overwatch all day
because I woke up this morning at 10
a.m. and a note at 9 a.m. we'll try that
one again that fluently was 9 a.m. woke
up at 90 I'm thinking out a meeting
today down at 3 B D and I do but it's
not at 9 a.m.
it's at 7 p.m. so I'm going about 3
hours sleep that's why I look like a
potato
I'm feeling emotional but today is a day
we live sure what what is what is that
why is there for me whatever but this is
we're gonna livestream some overwatch
it's gonna be awesome I'm going to kick
some ass and I also uploaded yesterday
an actual overwatch video and it's
actually doing really well I'm surprised
like if I upload anything that isn't
like you know zombie csgo that's all
stuff that usually doesn't usually do
that well but like not like 80,000
people tuned in to watch this in the
first hour so I am excited that you guys
like overwatch I'm gonna play loads of
it today record it and get some more
videos of this for your faces my whole
way apartment stinks of air freshener
the lovely did keep putting them in and
they smell
usually really good book this time it
smells like bubble gum had sex with
chocolate brownies the Sun came out in
the afternoon whoo and my tea looking
fine that's good I got subway on my mind
money in my pocket food in my mouth it's
gonna fucking happen I'm getting good at
it literally putting everything on my
sandwich it looks so good
the cucumber's jalapenos Louis it had to
be done wise it had to be done I've gone
back to my professional roots chocolate
milk with ice the Sun is getting nicer
in LA so I'm wearing shorts to release
the payload raccoons and kick you back
my subway and drinking a nice cool
milkshake basically I got the good story
doctor well my eyes look well weird I
left like I'm gonna absorb I'm gonna
what I look like I'm gonna eat your soul
but anyway I got the good stuff you
ready ready there is there's the monster
energy that's the good stuff and I
expect to get where I'm going on time
with traffic like this in Los Angeles
seven oh snap we at three V D look at
this right the place is looking amazing
this is the offices now this is the
company here's Luke high-five how much
guy is surviving and still existing
Hilary's absolutely killing it still
this is the board of people like running
the company this is the stuff bundle so
you guys think I just make vlogs are
they shelve it i five just had a baby
doing awesome doing on the vlog oh yeah
there's that guy there's that guy that
makes the videos on the internet
Hilary's office over here you got like
the designers table over here we've got
programmers you've got more stuff moving
in soon it's gonna be epic bout to go
upstairs and check out the merch section
area which is pretty cool I'm gonna love
you you know chill out it's like a green
video game area it's absolutely wicked
it has definitely been a sweet sweet
minute since I've been down here like a
couple of months but man is it good to
be back everything's changing
everything's going good but what hasn't
changed is let me turn the lights on we
still have the pirate flying and the
bathtub in the office I think we're just
going to keep it for the sake of keeping
it but that's the way we like it
that's only level one of three B D I'm
going upstairs now to check out the
merch line which is it's pretty damn
insane because we've got the network
jetpack and the whole point of being
part jetpack is like if you want to
launch like a limited edition run of a
shirt then we can facilitate it pretty
much so we've got like really really
huge influences in there and right now
we're packaging like thousands and
thousands of thousands of a merchandise
right now believe
all currently boss so what his to
checking out whoa this was once the
space that was all open and I could run
around on a chair but now it is
absolutely filled to the brim with metal
cages what the heck is going on so here
you go well this is where like we do all
the packaging and all this sort of stuff
we've got like mock-ups of things on the
wall
we got designers areas got everything to
be boxed up and so far so it's looking
pretty done sweet it there ironing them
to make them look swag this is pretty
goddamn fucking sweet it's a nice setup
it actually feels nicer to have a carpet
I'm not gonna live as much as I can't
slide along on one of them chairs I can
at least you know feel comfortable but
this is our sketchy ass lift that we've
still got a lot conference tape room in
there still and then this is the
reckless toy tube you guys cuz they oh
we had a spare space in the office and
they're working from here so that's
fucking awesome well I didn't know we
had a title up here and not only do we
have a toilet we have the fucking
bathtub Ruby do for the with your three
BD three bath tubs I don't that kind of
works right and how to blind Adam 101
look his face
I'm not seeing so long at five me
touch me touch me Adam Luke touch oh I
miss you guys so much I barely knew you
I'm keeping the flash on I've been in
New Zealand Mac have you missed me how
much you missed me you've been gone oh
shit I didn't even know fucking which
this is why I move it to the optic house
you can all go fuck yourself
unless Vince will adopt musi seventh
child why not we got six kids yes I just
like always every time I see them I
always gets thrown into conversation in
the vlog this has been your work sir
there's a free video he's a great dude
studded hangout it's Parker oh yeah oh
my gosh that looks so good apparently
came with trees but real just ignore
that homeless guy that doesn't like a
good idea that this is that the first
yeah that's going in the video
have you never wrote a skateboard before
that's the first time he's ever wrote a
skateboard
he's like what wait alright I don't this
is your moment do a trick do a trick
oh all right this is the scene Anna
scene Anna's about to do a sick sick
trick bro what's he gonna do wait wait
wait wait what the fuck are you doing
out of Jaws I was done show some tricks
so some magic I heard captain sparkles
is better than you on a skateboard what
are you digging let me do a trick do a
trick oh stop you're trying to attack me
say hello to use you
right well that was kind of an under
flip London I done my first vlog was
about you make it happen for me
you fucked up kit ladies and gentlemen
that was skateboarding with Adam yep
you're trying to get right last official
chance last official Chun's go a banana
of Adam oh she's make over for Tom uber
photographer Matt Lee the fuck is that
more like a fucking nice fucking wall
there's a nice building wow that's the
train station yeah it looks so nice at
night yeah it's great in the daytime it
looks like a hobos house I'm sorry I
didn't wrap up yesterday's vlog before
you I just went home it wasn't even that
late it was like Nana Cal good night I
just passed out in bed oh so don't tie
the book anyway today I'm on the way to
the airport to go to Chicago gonna be
hanging out with the opposite guys again
this could be awesome looking forward to
that but if you guys enjoyed today's
vlog make sure you leave a like rating
going tweet Adam seeing on the same one
day you will become a pro skate and they
do it pro skater made don't be a hater
don't skate Hey
so I can relate if you tweet him that
entire sentence I'll be impressed but
I've got read books I've gotta get this
vlog uploaded I got 20 minutes before it
needs to be live I'm gonna get to the
airport I'll catch you guys next time
adios
