in the arms of an angel ladies and
gentleman welcome to today's plug which
is a disappointing one because I'm
absolutely good
yesterday's blog was six hours late
which means it went over midnight which
meant it wasn't a daily blog technically
so really really upset about that fact
and all I could do is apologize I'm
gonna try had an extra C we spoke too
soon now we're stuck in traffic good to
be back in LA nice weather
shit traffic I am one third person right
now this ladies and gentlemen is nine
months worth of videos uploaded every
single day from your faces from Russia
to Scotland to New Zealand to every way
you could possibly think of I managed to
get the vlogs uploaded but because of
yesterday shenanigans this vlog was
behind so that was a day ago this went
up and unfortunately because of that
that means I failed you to be fair when
I say I only just failed you with the
void being late yesterday and I've also
failed you with today's vlog because I
got back from the airport didn't do
anything
literally nothing I don't even put my
stuff away it's just there and I've just
played overwatch all day because the new
game came out and I've been non-stop
playing that and that's why you're
actually sorry gaming video on my main
channel today I know shocked surprised
but I felt like doing it so I did it
there's always running stuff laying
around my house bags drones stuff to
give to charity and all that sort stuff
bought there is a new box in my house
and I am proud to say ladies and
gentlemen the timing and waiting has
paid off you remember me being like
Oakley I really want some sunglasses
from you guys like I have literally got
25 oh please and I really want to do it
and they actually comment on the video
they were like you've got mail and
they're actually gonna send me some own
custom design syndicate sunglasses well
someone else heard my cry and my call
for attention and help and need and
items and that ladies and gentlemen was
DC DC of sign me up to a monthly like
swag package like you guys can't sign up
to this or anything like I'm not like
I'm not even paid to show this but
they're now sending me thanks to Shaun
Duras a monthly swag package I buy my
size t-shirt so I'm going to open these
check it out and a set of trainers every
single month and they know which
trainers I wear so I've now got new
fresh trainers come in
to my apartment in LA every single month
hell yeah nearly 4 o'clock in the
morning I have still yet gone to bed and
I need to be up at 10 a.m. to be in a
meet in downtown in LA with the 3d guys
like van are seen and as Angelo and Luke
like it's been one day that I've been
gone from Jay and Angelo and I already
want to be hanging out with them again
like I miss him so much already
sidenote and balloons that I got for my
sister's birthday on the 9th of May 20
days ago are still up
what I shit you not that is today's vlog
wizened gentleman I did nothing all day
a pop would be stuck in airport security
yeah get a home download overwatch play
overwatch and unpack all my stuff that
is it didn't leave the house didn't do
anything didn't eat anything didn't go
on adventure and that's pretty much that
so I'm sorry there was nothing to do
with my life today but that's pretty
much how things go sometimes so I hope
you enjoyed being a potato and I guess
we can succeed lyc√©e yay DC thank you
for sending me some swag really
appreciate it and Oakley also send me
they're gonna send me some like custom
glasses soon so I'm really excited for
that but yeah that was my day so we'll
see how tomorrow goes it's gonna be down
at the offices so it should be cool
can't really feel much of it cuz it's a
private meeting but other than that
that's about that I already miss New
Zealand kinda wish I didn't come back I
wish I was still adventuring and
uploading using crap in a netbook it was
worth it because I really enjoyed it
New Zealand I will be back I loved it I
will return it'll be awesome and yeah
that's pretty much it so thank you very
much for watching if you haven't been
over to my main channel and watch the
gaming video that I posted today on
overwatch then go check it out you'll
see my swaggy gaming skills and I'm
gonna bet so much watching and third
