it's a new dawn it's a new day my room
is filthy but I don't care let's start
working on how to make those things
right and yours like yo Tom come over to
the room having breakfast I'm like Jeff
I'm on my way
holy shit that is a good amount of
breakfast angel you went in oh my gosh
I'm okay with this mm-hmm what o'clock
in the afternoon with finally style in
this day we've been mess around with I
reckon RVs and this and that and I'm
just like fuck this shit let's just go
rent a car me and Jeff are gonna head
off to a cove we're gonna go like what's
it called cathedral cove gonna rent a
car drive to that and just drive around
and try and find some cool shit so
auckland let's see what you've got off
tonight after ourselves a vehicle we're
gonna get ourselves a toyota yaris and
we're gonna run it for the day for like
$60 and just drive around and get some
shit done particularly we want to do
this we want to do this and then we want
to do this and this and all of it all
right the car is almost ready we're
gonna go from Auckland to somewhere over
here to try and go and find this at
cathedral cove and what we want to do
lie today's trouble around the island
and down to South Island check
everything ourselves but I think the car
is ready so let's go check it out you
got a pimp Mirage yeah ah me and Jeff
are on the road how you feeling Jeff are
you feeling on the other side of the
road like a lost child it's so funny
he's driving smoothness but but we're a
little if we just had bucket we're going
renting a car and we're going to the
Christ no no question
cathedral cove church code whatever
we're going to there and it's gonna
takes about two hours for the weather is
looking another blue horse that in a
wild fucking unicorn it's nice like just
says fucking get it done and just don't
do things that's like like like I say
get shit done and that's what we're
doing so hopefully we can get some epic
photos I didn't bring my swim shot so
I'm gonna have to go swimming in my
boxer shorts well guess what fucking
just get shit done just like don't put
me on fucking video that's it to the Sun
it's beautiful fucking love New Zealand
we pulled over by the side just to check
things out
and I want to walk down next I found a
bridge down in the valley so I got to
try and work out how to get down there
nice to adventure all the way through
the bush is to get me to this location
which I don't even know what it is I
don't even think I'm supposed to be here
but I made it
well look at this shit like we were just
driving down that road like there and I
saw this in the car in my I was I want
to go and see it and explore it so
managed to get onto this sort of area
and just randomly find this look how
beautiful it is
oh my gosh it's like a little hidden
little haven it's so pretty
look at it just look at it oh I want to
take some of these home with me oh you
stop these in my garden the house of the
UK she's so nice I'm like like in a
whole another world right now I'm gonna
get down here and walk along the river
just so bloody nice what a weird thing
to leave by the side of the road
strange is Jeff dude it was well nice
yeah we most of a get to a cafe called
burger cafe
itself let's get inside and get some
food this is hands down the best menu
ever the booger bread practice
booga-booga-booga BLT the bigger dome
also booger plum and pie people man this
place is so damn nice Jeff how you
feeling about it I'm feeling by um I
feel really good out here yo I don't
want to leave
I've seen your spirits raised the fact
that we're just out in it yeah growl in
the thick of it and the widget is right
now we're site like sunbathing any in
good food and stuff but it's actually
raining look look at the car
it is legitimately raining right now it
makes no sense
we're gonna we're gonna wrap up the
bathroom and get on with a journey I'm
gonna review booger cafe it was nice I
probably get a vodka but it was
different I've never heard of the hotdog
lahat before so I would give I give it a
six point five
wait wife way too hot would you give it
Drina half whoa you can bugger off mate
that's fucking love this is such a
rustic Park shit right now look at this
we're right in the thick of it mate
we're in the greener new zealand add
back guys terminal F quicker route
around we managed to find ourselves in a
place called a Bay View Road Oh overshot
our fucking con we don't fucking caned
it but look at this we found oh my god
you Terry's okay woman calm down look at
this one I'm backing up so I can get I
want to get the houses look I love oh
you're trying to do something that she
tell you what to do it I'm just like I
just want to film it oh my goodness me
is so peaceful look at them selves Ben
oh this is so nice
oh what a life to live holy snap look
how clear it is oh my gosh
this place is beautiful absolutely
beautiful absolutely ridiculous
oh we made it to the fucking beach yes
now just like climbing up to where the
location it says we need to be and then
we've got like hiked for 30 minutes to
get to this code book we're following
this in the car and they have a GoPro
mat on the window so we must be heading
the right way this place must be a
complete tourist trap for oh my gosh yes
oh that is ridiculous moons out on the
sun's going down at about an hour so in
300 BC hope you will arrive at your
destination yes this is absolutely
incredible like look at this I'm in love
- I was in 45-minute Drive to get a
high-five
Jeff we made it how fucking nice is this
well worth oh my gosh it just it's like
some out of a movie just the little
islands at little pockets of islands
like even all the way over here like
just unreal so unreal Jeff is absolutely
losing his mind it's just it's so damn
good so we're heading from what I
believe is if a zoom Delmon I think that
is the actual code it's so dark I don't
stand it they were actually heading down
to that cold there's like an entire path
that we can take down but like ah I'm
just visually fapping visually fucking
goodness of it so damn nice it says
cathedral cove five minutes and
someone's like that probably take you 35
minutes so you better hurt hell up it's
just amazing so yeah we got it oh yeah
we got to come on these rocks I wonder
how far the water actually comes into
here danger above over blah blah blah
blah okay fine very good just don't drop
any your camera's in the sea bro don't
drop any cameras yeah we can fucking
climb up at all this summer god damn it
jump on
Oh give you a high-five fella uh look at
this look at the delay this is so nice
Romney's coming up a campfire oh my gosh
this is just this is unreal absolutely
unreal we're probably get stuck down
here but I just really don't care I just
can't comprehend the scale of how
beautiful this is
it is honestly just phenomenal
absolutely phenomenal he's gonna get his
cameras work again I tell you so that is
where you get to cathedral cove that's
the cold there but we can't get over to
it because of the war but I was like man
we should just walk across to it and we
saw someone on the edge then he swam all
the way from there and they're just
about to get out huh that's amazing
we've now got Jeff being a photographer
model for the swimmer who just came out
so we're just taking some photos whilst
she just got only just finished swimming
like 40 minutes over here and we're
taking photos of ourselves
Nina absolute champion thank you get up
now we've got about 50 minutes walk
ahead of us I'm Eva carried his back
come on Wow
this guy this guy every gonna look out
I'm just like was that a lot of rings
that a lot of rings is as far as a lot
of rings that looks like it's a lot of
rings
but without bends of water rings managed
to rally Jeff it says says don't ever
need to piss or shit what he thinks he's
coughing but if my father heard you say
this he would be severely disappointed
it's now is built for this I was born
and bred from the UK climbing Snowden to
do this so let's fucking do this oh boy
we made it down to the beach this ladies
and gentlemen is cathedral cove Wow
oh there's the cove oh this is gonna
make a sick silhouette photo that is
dope okay this looked incredible to
think Jeff was like I don't want to go
and see it and the first thing he said
when we got it was I'm so glad I came
look at it it's just a it's just
beautiful it's absolutely beautiful the
sunset in the moon's up got all these
little islands and stuff yeah yeah Jeff
emerging from here okay
now this works about just getting up
getting shit done and enjoying it how
you feeling hey glad you came
we got to code your backpack yeah I
emerged from the cave to find one the
Sun setting and to this oh my days you
just look so nice
I'm full of emotion I could try and walk
to the end and see if you can see around
the corner a bit more but like this is
so damn beautiful this would this trip
would be ten times better if I had a
certain someone here with me but she's
gonna call her out for not being here
mmm chicken but nonetheless this is so
damn nervous where did this look
beautiful
you totally can't see me right now but
I'm being lit up by the moon itself the
stars are all coming out so we're just a
little bit wait for it to get a bit
darker and see what shots Jake and get
but uh yeah it's got some really sick
ones of me vlogging like walking on
vlogging it took some like candid photos
it looks really sick can't wait to post
on Twitter and Instagram if you haven't
followed GF I'll put his link down in
description if you find it one ofone be
on instagram where you can see all the
dope port was of the entire trip to New
Zealand I'll put mine scrim down there
as well all right it's no official
picture like me and Jake I've got make
it back to the car I like this dark path
can't see shit Jeff's hearing noises and
getting spooked and carried his backpack
again to make it easier for him but yeah
I worked hard yeah
was it was it worth the was it worth the
trek yeah it's exact but it's about oh I
don't know what it is
wait is it no itself an animal what is
it I don't think so I don't think so
oh dude it so cute don't say that here
what this one of the tree no standing
okay comment down nice time we're a
bigger animal dude it's self friendly
that's the oh it's terribly let me know
how that works out for me thanks friend
I can't I have no idea what that is but
at least a good on camera and you I
heard something following us it's so
cute though
it's even about the dye let me through
the jugular what's he doing I'm not too
sure I think it's almost like a ferret
it's digging for food
oh it found some knots
it doesn't eat humans I don't think well
that's so weird so weird well have a
nice night please don't attack me on the
way home appreciate that
bye Jeff I think you just have a fucking
drink brought this driving clover can we
get you something
I'm going in now let's go get fucking
supplied fact of the matter is I'm gonna
die in this car and then these guys who
have follow me who what's your names
again
Nathan enzyme well throw me the fuck
these guys found out that I was going to
the cove I'm gonna throw you in the
vlogs
so dude so they basically went hunting
me down at the confident you are you New
Zealand guys just like keep tracking me
down showboat for the fucking FBI or
something like that
look at his rims man these fuckers whoa
look at the hose this your baby is your
pride and joy yeah hey wait what are you
going on with your seats by the way your
furry our seats that's nice and comfy so
I've got we've got these guys chasing us
so if he crashes off the road you'll
definitely get on snapchat something all
right all right we got this uh guys
let's get the road trip happened I got
some pork scratchings I got some crisps
I got four bottles of coke for the road
whoo well justjust in a mud scary
thought of holy fuck where's my passport
and it's not in his pockets we don't
think so we're gonna check his bag now
to see if his passport is in his bag
beside his bug then he lost his passport
at stingray bay if anyone is watching
this and you happen to go to stingray
bay and you find Jeff's Passport please
let us know but let's see if he's got it
got it oh my god fucking got it dude I
heard that sigh of realization of
happiness yeah the entire time we talk
about it you can hear him shitting
himself about the fact that it lost his
passport she's got all these stamps from
I travel the world in it and everything
just known in general wants to lose the
passport but we found it
fuck yeah we made it back to the city
well we're still following the
directions but we made it back to the
city and dude hey Thank You driver bro
we made it what do you know about
rolling up at the hotel with no shoes
and sometimes they do it in style key
motherfuckers we got some mac and cheese
that is not mine okay it's Angelo's he
just claimed it as well or watching
London has fallen Oh something blew up
got rude and this is my pork beef broth
shrimp broth broth look this is
absolutely incredible the noodles are
fucking Fanta this dish honestly is that
good that I give it a 9.5 that's how
much this is good
it doesn't believe me but trust me
fucking sexual all right well as what
o'clock in the morning guys I'm gonna go
to bed I finally finished edit this vlog
of just gonna upload a duel of titles
tag description and thumbnail and then I
can go to sleep so probably by like 2:00
a.m. I'm going to be finally going to
sleep well I'm gonna be adventuring in
the car or the RV tomorrow so that
should be pretty damn sweet
we've still got like that maybe the
helicopters and jet skis to go in New
Zealand so if you're in the North and
South Island will be adventuring around
and checking out your homes and places
of origin so hope you guys have enjoyed
the video if you haven't you leave a
like great and subscribe I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. UK time for the
next daily vlog and don't forget if you
watching this video and you haven't
subscribed then click the subscribe
button you get notified every time I
post a new video as well as what you
guys should be doing is follow me on
instagram because i'm hoping for like
the entire trip of Newseum
my Instagram is going to be on point I
know a bunch of you are already over
there but I'll put the link down in
description for that so I'll see you
guys on my Instagram with some sexual
photos of my face random trees and maybe
wild animals if I don't get killed by
them so thanks for watching and until
tomorrow
