to new dawn it's a new day and this guy
up here push your veins
then then what you watch my videos bends
just upon a understand of a building and
just to shout in my name so been very
nice to meet you Bella what a crazy
world hung around on this big ass
building and recognized me holy fuck oh
my god so nice that is straight-up money
right there and we were just walking
across this bridge I'm pretty sure it's
about to lift up we've made it to the
place with all those people with fancy
food and fancy suits and I'm just
rolling up in genes disease in the
t-shirt ye much professional many loud
microphones elocution open up this
lady's engine of L is equal charges
largest documentary production and
distribution company L steel T from V
from Austria
I totally just got referred to on stage
as game a guy gave a guy out please
leave right that's it we're done
gonna talk hopefully I can the VOD of
you saw me on stage I'll put it to my
nose
I should snag myself and a free bottle
of wine oh my God look at all this food
oh this looks so good so incredible ah
wait a minute wait a minute wait a
minute wait a minute minute high fives
look who made it to the summit like I
said I told them to come to summit and
look here we got in how did you actually
get in there did you just turn up and
say we were through video no wait list
I'm like okay salt sea man of my word
weird collection of food obtained a
sandwich some eggs some chicken and some
pasta with mushrooms okay oh I wish this
was graph that dot all right now there's
a sea plane oh this would be amazing
these these are sunglasses and your
reason why I don't need these sunglasses
right now is let me just go outside for
a second this is now the weather in
Auckland it's pretty down vegetables
like like literally there's a sideways
rain there it is raining sideways as a
big-ass ferries pulling in right now so
that's the way I understand it out are
we just avoiding the rain look at this
augmented reality so nothing on the
table zombie on the table work ah
and then also
like that that is sick can you lift it
up so go with it so sick this is what I
you keep playing it
keep looking around this is what it
looks like when people try 360 for the
first time you're gonna think you can
walk around it but it's actually just a
Matthew six did you enjoy it yes alright
I've been staring
apparently it's a toilet so I'm going to
fucking try and it where is it hell is
this thing
Otis i still cannot get over this bowl i
need to work out who owns it and how i
can get on it because it looks
incredible well tramp i tight economic
summit often 2016 you have been amazing
i am sneaking out now and we're starting
with the day it's like 6 o'clock and
we're only just getting started it's
just so visually pleasing obviously it's
just worth millions upon millions of
dollars New Zealand Dollars bought I
just I just wanted Molly I'll talk about
boats we were filming them by boys and
there's a goddamn fairy over there
holy tits a dick massive for God's sake
agile you've been in there shooting for
ages what are you doing don't make me
come in there you're lucky cuz I gotta
put you on YouTube ah New Zealand what
are you doing
we're not girly wait what let's fuck
shut your mouth you fuckin busted the
weather is so shit right now
it's completely throwing it down so it
went through TM said day
listen to the rain the rain Road father
I could I have no intention of wearing a
hat like this ever in my life I feel
like a fucking melt but it just
perfectly sits some ahead of protects my
hair so Jeff thanks for the heart come
on career quite gently base to the blog
got a nice tasty Heather beer going on
you've got a bit of a fish miniature
sandwich and to those audited so let's
do it tastes like
wish me luck boys Oh mum Wow guys
incredible
litleo that is phenomenal that is really
really good we got some skirt steak that
is good really really good for beers
really good i even got more of those
sliders that we can good I got some
Brussels sprouts which honestly are
incredible so far has been absolutely
amazing look at this the paper that they
put the food on it comes on instructions
fuck right I just was about to say that
this is incredibly tasty like Rick tip
the flavor this is stupid
Angela's like now it's a basic bitch and
he's just like whatever boss about
incredible not sure about the sauce pot
oh my god so whose cars are looking at
all these pictures like appreciate in
the history of New Zealand like really
really cool super awesome and then what
the fuck is this thing this is
absolutely petrified oh the weather
sucks but a massively recommend the depo
if you are in the town centre of
Auckland really really good food back
out the tower now we're exploring for
the record if I had to give it a rating
out of 10 I'm gonna give it a seven and
a half they just kind of went like
downhill from like eating a lot of it
but the first fish dish we got real that
was like a 9.5 I fell in love with that
dish that was so good but then when we
got another section of it like another
set of it just tastes em I'm not too
sure why a placebo effect robot
nonetheless seven-point-five it will be
what the heck am i doing in bed at 10:00
p.m. this is like the earliest I've ever
been lay in bed at all in a stupidly
long time but I'm honestly really really
tired the other guys are absolutely shot
as well it's just been like long day's
early mornings and we've not even been
doing crazy amounts of stuff it's just
really really taken out of his waking up
like stupidly and going to bed stupidly
late so hopefully good night's rest
tonight fresh for tomorrow because we're
going out for dinner at Kim comms
apartment we should be absolutely
amazing really looking forward so I
offered to take him out for dinner and
he was like you wanna come to my
apartment for food and I was like we'll
take you out it's like now I come to the
apartment so we're gonna go up to the
apartment and we're gonna take the
drawer up there and fly it around his
apartment like is that penthouse or
something so we're gonna film all that
and make it look awesome at all if I can
get the footage off the drone and not
lose it which is another story and by
the other story I mean the drone footage
from yesterday where we're at the beach
film and it was amazing it was epic and
all
some amazing shots with a drone yeah
Angela lost the SD card for it and lost
all the damn footage so we're gonna have
to take another trip back over to that
beach from the same footage again which
kind of wastes today but at the same
time I'm down to adventure but it should
be awesome so right now you guys have
seen us in the city all the time and we
were planning on going all around New
Zealand do me ups around New Zealanders
too far along the way as soon as this
like tech summit stuff that I'm doing is
finished now it's Monday we're supposed
to believe it on Friday but we were
extended I say until next like Monday as
well so I've got four week left in New
Zealand to do cool shit and check out
the island so we're talking about doing
helicopter rides and like the government
of New Zealand might be hooking us up
with a helicopter we're doing jet ski
trips and all this sort stuff all
through like the government so I'm
really really stoked here I'll side out
and it all just goes like epically sweet
so I hope you pans out I'll get some
GoPro footage and drone footage I'll put
it in the vlog and I'll make the vlogs
10 times better but I tell tomorrow
thank you very much for watching today's
vlog makes you leave a like Korean
subscribe I'm sorry the vlogs have been
late the past few days I really have not
intended them that being the case it has
just happened I am very very sorry about
it like yesterday I fell asleep here
with the phone by my side left on edit
in the vlog at 3:00 I'm woke up at 5
started editing the vlog again fell
asleep and woke up at 7 tried to get the
vlog fell back asleep until 10 a.m. and
then realize like holy shit my vlog is 4
I was late today just because I was so
damn tired so I think going to bed quite
early tonight will be good for like the
rest of the trip and just like put me on
like a better sleep schedule and not be
as exhausted so thank you for bearing
with the vlogs being late thank you to
everyone who's just been absolutely
amazing like it might seem like nothing
but to everybody like smash that like
button leaves a comment just about the
video like it really does help out and
just I appreciate like let me know that
people love the videos because if I see
a positive response and I know people
just enjoy what I'm doing so again thank
you very much
Oh before I actually go I forgot to open
the mystery box on the guys at the
airport so let's open up and see what
they gave me now not too sure what that
good this is a good start we got some
lucozade I appreciate that
you got some Dairy Milk crunchy I
appreciate that thank you so much this
is this is two things so far so good
also from everyone from around the world
or in lucozade energy is my favorite
we're gonna go in here
there is this LMP lemon and pepper odor
per hour world-famous in New Zealand
good good lemonade stuff okay be then
have ourselves some the Gras good what
guarana energy drink okay I'll give that
a try and probably bit off my absolute
tits
Pascal pineapple lumps what wait what
the heck actual pineapple one thumbs up
some ridiculously awful but I'll give it
a try a damn Nutella go pour I can mess
with that thank you thank you and a
letter so two legends you gave me this
thank you very much I do actually
already have your numbers because I said
I'd hit you up if we end up going like
out for food or drinks our pie in
anything we'll invite you along for the
ride but honestly thank you very much
for that guys I'll do a video of me
taste test in the the food and the
drinks that haven't had before until
you'll be able to see my natural
reaction of that book thank you very
much for the mystery box guys you didn't
have to do that and I genuinely do
appreciate that and yeah it was a
pleasure to meet you again today there's
a pleasure to meet you at the airport
but as a little last video for this
today I've got a video of me trying to
scare Angelo so enjoy this failure but
also zoom into the video and watch
Angela's face nearly look like he's
gonna kill me and punch me in the tits
you ain't mohammed al me if you still
watching this video leave a comment
saying Australians are not Australian
New Zealand and New Zealand I love your
faces and goodbye even the outro I want
it do it I love you and goodbye
