amazing dude amazing you have a sofa
like this and the comfiest cover ever I
passed out on the sofa last night oh my
gosh did I sleep well finally get some
breakfast and some milk so one I can get
out and two I can eat you every day when
I wake looks I'm sick of waking up and
not having breakfast the most important
meal of the day
well that's one way to start a day I
shit you not I literally just got shat
on by a bird and I hadn't was down by my
side and somehow the poo hit me what Oh
contained food obtained water obtained
Leviathan mini obtained times one shot
on the roof I need some food present to
you heaven right now
my spot is available I'm kicking back
and showing the fuck out project this is
about to be a good-ass okay okay okay
yes
that is what you call a sandwich I might
be short sauce is on that but oh my gosh
that is 10 out of 10 like really really
really good I've decided I'm going
downstairs at a moderate a boosted board
was done I did it I finally I just had
to do that I did it I managed to reserve
one the new one isn't out yet so I
reserved it when he's out in like July
so I think it like goes further for
longer that sort of stuff so I picked up
that one and if you guys don't even
realize this but this is officially not
sponsored whatever but if you guys want
to use this referral code I play it down
in Scripture if you want to get $100 off
so there you go thank me later
bags packed drone charged swimming gear
ready in case we found a beach and I'm
ready rock'n'roll what was maybe just
gonna be a little small outing of me and
J just driving up to her this joshua's
tree place there's like loads of cool
spots along the way and stuff so if I
had somewhere I want to go swimming
I'm gonna go swimming if I find
somewhere I want to go and do something
I'm going doing it sir I think I've got
all my stuff ready rock and roll and
basically just adventure oh that's me
thinking like wow it's a little bit hot
today and Jay said where where we on
that right now
what where we are right now it's 79 and
where we're going it's a hundred and
nine degrees we're gonna die yeah
shit we're so screwed we could
definitely feel the temperature now like
the wind is swept my head like crazy so
it's like a hundred degrees right now
complete my hair looks like what I don't
even know what my hair looks like a
fucking Jedward of some shit ah but we
got fuel we're going off to the hotel
that we're traveling to now it's got a
pool and stuff and then we're gonna top
up I decided to be nice and by Jaya
donut and my credit card wouldn't work
so I had to make him buy the donut and
then I give him and then the donut
tastes like shit so I threw it away
yay successfully so far it's just like
being in GTA 5 we're about to turn up
against the the wind farm area what this
is well damn second invasion I would
refer to produces that much energy
this looks so tripping like I feel like
I'm in a different goddamn world
so odd I just absolutely never was
surrounded by them now just been driving
for last half an hour with 69 degree AC
on like super super nice and now it was
in company with hosting okay intention
it you're gonna get it sexy
and then we just put down the windows
cuz its 119 here he says oh my gosh oh
my gosh 118 Fahrenheit holy fuck ah damn
as a nice-looking hotel we might be
going to what is it them Jakobi Marriott
Desert Springs and we were in the middle
of the desert I just don't understand
how there's so much fucking green like
where did he get the water from this
makes no damn sense but we've got the
drone fly over the hotel
whoa fucking flamingos what the fuck the
middle of a desert not supposed to be
here oh my god I'm sweating buckets
since we open the window I feel like I'm
in a different country this is
incredible palm trees grass smells like
summer
smells like don't feel like you're in
Spain it's not really woo so fancy what
is that a hummingbird whoa Jay what is
that that's so adorably cute
I think that's mommy bird what I'm
certainly having boats inside that you
can get on to drive you off to the start
of the golf course
that is incredible oh my god how is this
how does this exist in the middle of a
desert
what oh my gosh it's booming oh my days
yes yes and more you're told
fucking shit oh my god this is fucking
perfect this is exactly what we need
yeah thanks hey this place gets better
and better so we went there and asked
about everything and I can rent like
pretty much anybody like 200 a day which
is amazing like super good for the price
and value and full insurance everything
thank God I have a motorbike license in
the UK because it's valid out here in
the earth so I can drive a ride even Oh
oh snap so would you look at this is
that room for the day we're gonna catch
you've got a desk you're a television
nothing is and look at my fire I'm gonna
do a bed test review but because I don't
want to stay in here too long I want to
get outside in the Sun I'm doing a super
quick tour or this is actually quite
nice
look at that's got everything I made a
mistake when we're in the car inside
Zico suelo when we're in the Caliente
iron I'm on the armrest I didn't realize
that the sunroof was like so badly open
and all oh my god that looks terrible
it's so fucking burn this one absolutely
fine that's off this one rip but yeah
nice bathroom nice bathroom I like it I
like it
what was the shelter over here as well
that's quite fancy job for a room I'm
probably gonna give it a 6 and then test
the bed you ready for it
oh no still still definitely 6
definitely a 6
so down detailed like you are here wow
it's huge and we're going to that pool
that which is that pool that is
perfectly so goddamn hot so fucking hot
super nice fucking pool
this is what to do understand it
fortunately it's like five o'clock now
and they're closing the bar so I was
like okay I'll get double the drinks and
then six months yeah me secondly I would
have got to the bar there would've been
a huge line and they cut everyone else
off so I made a very smart decision
Geoff cheers my friend it's a good
health and adventuring and holy shit
what a day this is what life is all
about right now the sun's about to go
down behind that hotel and I am staying
here to the last fucking second til that
disappears behind it you might be like
Tom why would you do that but like
honestly it's just nice to chill out and
a great atmosphere with good weather and
hopefully not burning myself with good
people Geoff Geoff high five with good
people so Geoff is my new activity
manager going around the world and
getting shit done so I'm gonna end this
now and just enjoy being in the Sun the
sun's going down like 15 minutes so
we're just kicking back getting some
tear on our faces and enjoyed it sudden
we started here in the sunlight and look
shhh it this is the only last piece of
song we will get before the sunlight
goes behind this hotel of it as soon as
it goes behind it we're done it's
something stealing as much sunlight as I
can and enjoying it wait Jake what are
you doing my friend what do you what of
what the fuck you do ever since the day
I saw one when I was relaxed and what's
a Cracker Barrel I've always wanted to
be deployed in a swimming pool
okay hot tub in the winch so we're gonna
try it right now just leave it how I
break it
I'll work it you gotta lower it there is
the you gotta click the click the
down-arrow we're going Jeff I'm in Jeff
I'm in Jeff employed
it's slow but I'm getting there
eventually
I've always wants to be in a hot tub
via this method keep going Jeff Jeff
keep going Jeff you go oh oh oh Jeff Oh
Jeff keep fuck you
look at the size of it poke what is it
what even isn't what is that what no
maybe I don't know oh my goodness this
bar is so fucking busy it's not even
funny if you try to get drink down there
you waiting for at least half an hour
okay you cannot see anything where we
are right now you can't even probably
see the stars it's that dark what if I
come over we've made it to choice spots
Joshua Tree National Park local folklore
baa baa baa snakes oh wait sorry turtles
snakes lizards rats visits and birds
more likely snakes but anyway we made it
just rip Joshua Tree Park you guys will
not be able to see this whatsoever so
I'm gonna say follow me on Instagram
and you'll see the most amazing photos
because there's so many stars even if I
turned off my phone like light you still
won't be able to see because the iPhone
sucks oh wait that's just a moth you
guys can't see anything but this is what
we can see oh my god that is magical bro
that is insane like nothing everything
nothing everything oh yeah then I might
obtain a flashlight from Jay so we've a
bit wide like this Oh close like this so
if we see something that were like what
the fuck is that
we point-i if we can if we're not we're
like that's nice so we get to see
everything so this is this is what I can
see is what you guys can see this is the
flashlight by the way so what I can see
is what you can see and I'm hoping more
than anything because you can't see the
stars because obviously they're no just
so dark and your iPhone I'm trying to
find out whether I can see like a little
scorpion or trench are just crawling
along so I'm pretty sure they're active
at night that might be completely wrong
but if I'm not then that'd be pretty
sweet but what if you guys can tell but
you see that sign there at yellow that's
a that's home so that's the direction we
need to make sure we go back
zoom in on the way there's the car that
you just took a photo of oh my goodness
what
how buxom nate is amazing that's the
tale little mouse you see there's a
shrubbery mouse is it going where'd you
go ash over your mouse oh there it is oh
it's little shrubbery mouse he's
adorable I said it's carrying along
no no shrubbery mess where do you go
there is you think you can escape me you
think she's a little ninja oh oh oh sure
I cannot express how spiky these
cactuses are like look at him look I
like cute like tumbleweeds look at this
is how big they actually I like they're
huge they just fall off it look at that
one massive but look at them all these
tiny tiny spikes like I'm cut calm the
fuck down Jay look at all these like
needles in my feet these are all like
literally these are as sharp as like
something that takes your blood all
stabbed into my fault look how many
there is that is absolutely ridiculous
two stabbed into my foot everywhere and
this whatever fly motherfucking thing
this is he's trying to eat me alive so
I'm gonna go Jay jib jib leave give give
Jay the flashlight cuz he wants to take
some photos okay me you be spiky I'm not
fucking with you guys look at this it's
stuck to my leg get off get off like a
goddamn needle ow ow please remove
yourself from my body oh my god this
one's stuck to my shoe no BJ I'm an
emotional fucking roller coaster right
now Jay spot date Jay Jay's about to die
we saw little baby rabbit fur out in
front the road and jailbreak we're doing
like 75 miles per hour whatever whoever
the fucking woman's driving along is
fucking rabbit run out we were like ah
great slow down oh my god it's like New
Zealand because in New Zealand Jai run
over a rabbit and killed the fucker not
proud of it but yes we avoided one and
then we're like oh my god that was
incredible that we just avoided that
kept going and another one right in the
road and we were screaming like
high-pitched girls think we're about to
kill another fucking rabbit revenge a
good fucking driving Jesus you can't see
shit it's pitch black is anything cool
oh my god yeah we need we know they
killed Roger Rabbit right that Jesus
this is all we can say man if we run
over a rabbit oh oh that was rapid oh my
god Jay you've got fucking eyes or a
ninja holy shit what the fuck they're
huge
that's fine dude Jay's having an
emotional roller coaster right now
because he's basically playing Frogger
but instead of like trying to survive
himself he's trying to not hit the
object by not hitting the fucking rabbit
that's five five robberies subtract
commit suicide in front of you bro how
do you feel about that I mean I'm cool
what what is with your driving skills no
wait what the fuck is it going cool rap
absolutely exhausted net we like this
these drinks in seconds I've literally
finish this milkshake with in like three
gulps oh my gosh strawberry milkshake
just do that first who walks in like we
need a drink we would turn up to the one
place in the middle of Noah literally
like fucking desert desert desert a non
Cerdan just a place to go and get stuff
from and we walked in and lo and behold
what's that let Jake get me in Bobby
hole we walk in on that voyage in one of
the guys got the cow who watches my
videos like what's the foot okay crazy
just in the middle of fucking nowhere
in the middle of nowhere and that guy's
like yeah I watch your videos if my
brother does took a photo with him and
then signs them in for him
absolutely fucking crazy love me you
guys so damn random wait for Jay to take
use for time lapse and I'm just jealous
in the wrong direction from fucking our
that's all your fault Jay all your fault
only about I was I was asleep when we
throw fair how would I know it's a gun
why wouldn't you say that you don't
really know oh my days we actually made
it absolutely beautiful what a fucking
day Jay woke up let's go to Joshua Chi
yeah sure what Joshua tree it's Troy
Drive awesome place awesome hotel saw
the fucking night live sky I was
incredible nearly get nearly killed some
fucking rabbits I was incredible smash
my iPhone it's not like destroy doesn't
like slut
it's like crackdown it but other than
that well great hey it is six minutes
past 4:00 I have exactly exhausted right
now so I'm go to bed so guys thank you
very much for watching if you've enjoyed
this video make sure you smash that like
button if we can get a whole 12 like
ratings twelve and a half mic ratings
that would be absolutely amazing yes I
want 12 and a half somehow we need to
discover half of thumb I don't this stub
a while' rekt thumbs you don't know who
will their exes you will know understand
that but number one guys I'm going to
bed I'll catch you guys tomorrow got an
early start 10:00 a.m. tomorrow so we
can get down to the pool and check out
the hotel but I've got to bed so much
love to your faces so you guys tomorrow
for my next date vlog put it till next
time adios I love you and goodbye
