today's a day we're going to New Zealand
the bugs are almost packed
I'm getting ready a rocking and rolling
we're flying first class and it's gonna
be a good day so I'm gonna get my hair
cut and then traveling twelve hours to
New Zealand I know anybody who plays to
to decide who does your Chris very Yama
tourist I see you don't live here no I
just travel the world first of all that
is a nice ass car and second of all I'm
back at loads barber shop I'm gonna get
my haircut and hopefully not turn up in
Australia I mean New Zealand looking
like a potato so this is the before and
afterwards when super sure but it's been
a long time I always get like my haircut
like I let it grow extremely long and
extremely shot than extremely long the
really Shabbat she did an epic job of it
vid looks all nice trimmed all nice and
neat very happy with it
let's get to New Zealand to have to pack
them back for New Zealand sunglasses
check speedos check sorted my gosh I
finally made the video actually popping
that on finally got the video done as to
why I've massively failed these vlogs so
hard so I'm running this out right now
you could tell like saw dramatic I've
got hand movements in the talking going
on but that videos rendering out that
should be done in time for me to be able
to just kick back and relax probably
gonna head off to the airport about 8
o'clock maybe I do I have my bags packed
like I did say this morning that my bags
were packed but you know I'm not just
gonna go to New Zealand with a month on
and sunglasses but I have a bit worried
about the weather everyone keeps
tweeting me throughout the day saying
like Tom just a heads up the weather is
not what you think it's gonna be and I
looked on my phone and it says it's
gonna be like really I'm cold and cloudy
so I've got like jackets and stuff but
I'm gonna put in it but I don't know I
was hoping to go dressed as this guy
well I guess guess I'm just not gonna do
that
zip it up zip it up like the fuck it's
stuck try that one again
there we go bag is alpaca dord
it's the first time I'm travelling with
a suitcase in a long last time man but
actually prefer to just travel with my
backpack my laptop and then just pick up
clothes on the way by suitcase and fly
back but they kind of like how I did
when I went to the optic house but I
don't know I feel like I should be a
little bit responsible and take at least
some clothes with me so I could clothes
for every day of the trip and hopefully
everything just goes smoothly and if it
is as rain it is it's supposed to be
then I'm basically just screwed well no
I am so
oh man right now ladies and gentlemen I
completely forgot to put in the vlog but
this morning right
this is unbox therapy I met him in New
York super amazing guy does incredible
reviews of tech all that sort of stuff
and he post on Twitter today that oklet
look shout out to Oakland for sending me
over these custom frog skins Oakley
hooked him up with some sunglasses with
his own dumb name engraved in them
meanwhile I'm just sat here hoping
they'll get in touch me one day to just
say hello but I guess that's never gonna
fucking happen
I'm well aware the first levels from me
wanting some Oakley glasses from Oakley
themselves away too high
but ever since I was a little kid as in
like when ever since I was younger and
start doing YouTube videos I never want
it was a pair of sunglasses from Oakley
and a plant that won't die number one it
is to be sponsored or work with Oakley
in some way shape or form
I had Oakley lucozade and DC Shoes I've
done lucozade haven't quite done DC
Shoes yet and for the record is my
wardrobe for shoes and look DC's DC's
DC's DC's DC's it's the only trainers I
own local e's are the only sunglasses
that I own so Oakley if somewhere deep
doubt in your heart you can find it to
love me I appreciate a lot about an hour
and a half before I have to be at the
airport to fly to New Zealand and I was
gonna go to Subway what I realize is
that Chinese restaurant next door and I
know last time we went we didn't really
give it a good review but I really want
Chinese food so fuck it it's open I
still don't understand why in the UK we
don't have these things when you go to a
Chinese restaurant it's like kind of
weird but I like it but now I've got
rice drop suit rice shop soup perhaps
well actually I had it last time it was
nice I've never out its time so what's
it taste test review of the soup are you
ready let's do this
oh that's good
wow that's really good okay somehow this
salt pepper chicken it's different from
last time and it's not like super dusty
and thin it's really thick and it's
super tasty like this is really good oh
the shop is called just literally
Chinese food eaten and takeout but
honestly really really good food I think
last time I came here I'd probably give
it like a 6 at this time I give it a six
point five the the crispy chicken was
really good the rice that I got was
absolutely potato mode really didn't
really really did not like that but
nonetheless that crispy salt pepper
chicken on point my absolutely umpired
so definitely going again the day is 5
become that we're saying goodbye to
plant is beautiful and then therefore
when we need them Oh white week we
hadn't may you rest in pieces
and may you fertilize nothing cuz you
pretty much does yeah nobody's a fuck
about a fuck up on Iran Iran arrived
next stop LAX next rock'n'roll she'll
always on his way to the airport gonna
meet his face they're gonna check a bag
for once I hope I got everything I
brought going out shoes I'm wearing
trainers now I got socked pants I
brought one pair of jeans cuz that's all
I really wear I didn't bring and bring
it Shores
allies by the way but over than that I
think I've got everything at the airport
once again Oh someone's about to miss a
flight and I need to find air New
Zealand where is this gonna do is it up
there it is aha I have found where I
need to go and New Zealand backdrop oh
snap look alive under the cube there is
it's Angela
so I did they're gonna fit fuck this
movie this is gonna be my travel buddy
for the next like 10 days of
oh good I'm excited he's got a drone
he's got all his camera equipment these
vlogs might end up looking really really
damn good
next up New Zealand 12 hours later with
this guy thank you very much appreciate
oh yeah they just seek member that's one
thank you much
you too thank you very much sir would
you look at this you ready to fly
business class for 12 hours we're gonna
we're gonna eat like a three-course meal
some fine ass ice cream for dessert are
you ready for New Zealand running Oh
Angelo got in trouble I'm talking about
in trouble this is why you two two
laptops two boxes Wow just look at it
look at it look at that view he's taking
photos okay so this is the Star Alliance
lounge pretty damn sweet
we've got don't care don't care there it
is there's the bus don't listen the vlog
right now because he will not let it go
what was it like using your birthday or
Christmas yeah it was maybe nearly to
you over a year ago I promised him a
Mophie case and I bought him one but he
has the sixth course so he didn't fit
and then you gave away my gift to lose
so I gave you something bitch fuck you
mate either way after I've enjoyed this
beer and beer I'm gonna go and get him a
moldy case and you can stop bitching in
it yeah I meant to hit you with that
he's gonna beat me up damn son this
place has got everything Samuel Adams
Corona starless I'm definitely taking
Anna SIA with me for the record I'm not
actually like getting drunk drunk here
or anything like I'm just having a beer
kicking back because it's gonna just
help me like knock the hell out for when
I get on the plane and fall asleep also
that is a big wine collection what have
we got on the book way we got some fruit
some yogurt some I think I've started
this the wrong way around this looks
like the desert I get some rice and
couscous we get some chicken some chili
some crisps and crackers and so
Hodges me okay don't judge me I got some
crackers and some cheese but I'm also
gonna show you the view which is just
look at it this is the outside section
check out you've got a bar and
everything like this there's music
playing look at it and there's a big-ass
TV of something over there but if we
just continue this little walk around
going on right now it's and - it's
beautiful
this holy snap wait is there a bun is
going down up first one
oh okay what the heck this guy doesn't
even have drumsticks is you think it's
got that hums yeah watch your smile
smile it don't it makes all it is
awesome
I like this a lot kind of cool
three but cool at bot I tear this bat
this cheese test her rubber what these
guys got even better listen to this
music I'm so impressed right now this
guy's got like the best seats in the
house until is probably to end up
killing me because they only have a
Mophie Juice Pack that's 60% and the
only have white and gold as well so I'm
not too sure whether live preciate these
I decided to be smart and get some more
travel adapters so I can charge on my
shirt on the go aka on my phone cases
and GoPros I also bailed on the idea of
buying Angelo a mobile case because one
it was only six percent battery and two
it was gold or white and he wants black
so hopefully there's an electronic store
in Australia that has the one that he
wants cuz until then he's not gonna be
happy and I'm gonna have to go and tell
him the bad news
now listen okay they only had to
Murphy's it was gold or white and it was
only a 60% movie so I didn't buy you but
why did get it is a charging thing with
two years already booked so you know
what I can only ever seem to do nice
things for this fella and it just
doesn't appreciate it does it appreciate
it you know I do all my you know what
I'm gonna get in my mo fee if you're
watching this video I want you to send
me ten Mophie packs and I'm not gonna
give him a single one yeah that's where
we're going with this route it would
call him an insane I was the last person
because I legitimately was
last person on the plane that meaning I
almost missed the fucking flight to New
Zealand trying to get this vlog uploaded
pissed off I didn't get off on time
we've been absolutely set absolutely
amazing for a fucked up I'm sorry but
either way ladies and gentlemen welcome
to the first-class flying to New Zealand
and oars kicking back and chilly now and
this firsts and the plane is my home the
next 12 hours oh I am so so stupid right
now because if I go down here because
arrow season 4
we've got the flushes into on the play
but even better when we go to the films
they've got aging hitman 47 don't touch
that
and the college booking films a fuckin
Tina
look at this category of action
oh my god this is so there's so many
films I'm here right
beside that meanest I would to stop
losing his dominance three films we've
only just taken up literally within the
space of 11 minutes I'm
if Ari
keep in
you might fall asleep did you about to
spill your drink in yourself
and I like turn around to turn like dude
look at all the films on a plane and
he's just fucking passed out on but I
feel bad for waking you up I'm sorry
ah dude took him 11 minutes to fall
asleep geez I'm gonna watch all of arrow
I'll gut them the flash then maybe
taking three and then I'm gonna fall
asleep
I am ninety nine thousand percent sure
that no signs and I need to be my seat
we're on right now but I woke up I woke
up stood up and this is like the sign of
the plane like it's on an angle we're
still taking off but yet we can walk
around so I decided to go to taller do
review here's a fake window with a
handle was a dude climbing in it bathtub
a bathtub
I apologize that is a toilet table so
sink me huh
even that kind of again the thing is
when I fly like first-class it's like an
experience I get that we're flying
lightly at night but you pay less money
you get like meals drinks films all that
stuff it's an experience you have to
stay awake to enjoy it so that's exactly
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna be so
goddamn jet like but I'm gonna do it but
I'm probably not but I'm going to try so
let's get this show on the road scriptor
get that screen on out of here
Oh which i look at the ads for the USB
slot in it and we are gonna start today
off with actually your I'm actually
gonna watch the arrow season 2 I lied
I meant the flash season 2 or years
through time right what we got on this
first cuz flight to New Zealand ok to
begin with smoke seminar beeper I'm
gonna go with smoked salmon for means
I'm gonna go
God chicken or beef
I'm thinking chickens a good idea to
finish ice cream caramel sauce for
selection of machines ice cream wait a
minute I'm gonna chat with clients let's
get ready let's get ready let's get
ready to rumble
man
I've been absolutely driving so crazy
where is the table is this the table the
table is the table kidding you're here
how the hell do I get a table to just
like put my food on until I realized
that I totally stopped recording the
video that book
which I realize this button that clue
looks like a table press it and I press
it in three two one
Oh
see the flash season 2 glass of
champagne and a bowl of nuts great
success me and Angela tried to stay as
classy for as long as we could we drank
champagne so far but we're now moving to
beer good choice for starters we have
some garlic bread salmon
we have stepped it up to a max three
walls okay Abel turns extra virgin oil a
bit of butter and salt pepper
very nice it's not quite a syndicate
review on this channel I don't try and
give it a rating of the tantowel toys
you're not mess up the video that book
let's go for it
give a taste test before Frank
I grant its Regulus this is so exciting
whoa roll go scrub oceans of taste
we went from super tasty to super sour
to super sweet to super what um
four out of ten that may have been a
harsh start to review the garlic bread
brought it to a five count ten four star
but for some reason it like really
really nice some I the summit IAE was
delicious like it I'd like sweet
tomorrow's with a sour sauce and almost
like it was sabe dip sounds a bit like
are currently using your iPad 29-inch
what is the point in a little bit you
know we've had that time for course
number two which you look at this let's
get rid of all these leaves all those
green things and just look at this bus
which again bacon and some rice or
couscous it might look good but it might
not taste good so gonna get bit chicken
we're gonna get better bacon a bit of
sauce and a bit of rice all combined
together because that's what makes the
dish quite special I'm going to try all
I want
please be like an eight
Wow
rice is amazing that Bacon's amazing the
sauce is amazing chicken isn't
that is
speakers precise that's an eight point
three that is what it looks like when
you totally know I enjoyed the food I
was eating look at that literally was
brightening up the source of the play I
tried to read this book he just did it
interesting this dish was so good
thousand seven nine
a New Zealand incredible to encounter
ice cream with caramel sauce after my
big knots on top we shall see
having tried to see if Angela's awake on
me ready
he's a wick I got way too comfy and got
way too bored of the flash season two I
got three episodes into it was like yes
so I'm about to watch Kung Fu Panda
so in the sea that we're saying I was
like oh my god is retracted all the way
perfect little did I realize he actually
turns into a full bed so when I go back
I'm gonna get one of members of staff
that like to turn it into a bed
apparently have like a full like scene
led to sleep they walk down the bathroom
to a tray full of food so thank you very
much we'll just steal this hokey-pokey
maybe sure that is what a baby-boomer so
thank you look at this everyone can lay
you down sleep and this is so crazy
Angela fell asleep stood right over and
watching watching Kung Fu Panda 3 with
my snacks my crisps and yet you even
more snacks okay now this is what I'm
talking about when I went to the menu I
opened it open it said mid-flight snacks
ask your flight attendant for a warm
dome a bagel with bacon sort it there it
is
this is what flying first class is about
look at this - not one - bacon bagels on
a fly
I am literally mind committed tennis
laughs I am literally mind blown right
now this food looks so good this is now
like my bed transformation you already
get girls from
like this looking like this Hey oh my
god this is oh it's memory focus
oh my gosh this is so cool it's just
absolutely ridiculous I'm so comfy right
now look at this
food drinks whenever I want it my server
grunt is amazing this might be the best
first-class flight I've ever been on in
my life
the crazy turbulence is overcoming about
four hours left I think I fell asleep
for like maybe three so I'm gonna try
and sleep to the rest of the flight this
crossbow on asleep is bad so comfy hmm
still two hours remaining before we left
mmm-hmm poached eggs for breakfast looks
very nice solid breakfast was really
nice
very tasty actually hitman 47 awesome
and Angelo is still a cocoon this is the
comfy way to fly films drinks
and just get back at Stan look how cute
he is when he wakes up like a bear about
to rape my entire experience like the
surface has been a 10 the food has been
only been 8.5 the food was actually
really incredible I don't know just felt
it right about that tomorrow thing was
kind of with entertainment without a
doubt 10 absolutely incredible and
comfort levels for the flight 10 I could
not complain the bed was hands-down the
compass that I've ever been on in my
life so yeah and New Zealand absolutely
incredible you looking at the map
everything looks absolutely normal I
look at this look so beautiful delivery
a little bit more a little bit okay
something is not scaled properly we have
touchdown in New Zealand it is now 6
a.m. right now love it
temperature 30 degrees vehicle either
way
it's warmer than it would well super
successful flight overall really really
enjoyed it 6 am now believe in New
Zealand and it's time to start the rest
of the day look at the cabin it's
beautiful
one last final look absolutely amazing
let's roll I honestly cannot express how
good the services of the staff were like
super friendly super nice grant and
everyone else which is absolutely
incredible
like they made that experience like a 10
star experience tents are ten step there
you go
I'm so sorry today's vlog was like guys
I really apologize it took me forever to
like work out how I was gonna get it
loaded was it gonna split the vlog into
two different days or whatever but
basically cuz it's now like a a.m. in
Auckland I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog
and then begin start filming tomorrow's
vlog so thank you very much for watching
hope you enjoyed it I think I'm like the
Russia trip we got like 50,000 libraries
so if we can smash over 50,000 on one
like ratings on this vlog that'd be
absolutely amazing but yeah I'm gonna be
down in Auckland in New Zealand for like
the next
what is it week until a week yeah and
then we've already met a bunch of fans
already so it's gonna be amazing got
loads of epic stuff planned I can't wait
to bring you guys along for the journey
so I'm super tired I'll catch you guys
later and adios
