Rose Los Angeles is looking luscious
today bit foggy but nonetheless it is
looking perfect time for me to start my
date nearly walked into a chair that
wasn't optimal good start washing
machines on broom is not tidy couches
not tidy but none of us but that's nice
and tidy
I'm getting my chores done and then
we're starting the day we're going to a
transformers party today is something
like launching a new game and they've
invited me to go and check it out so
can't wait for that also side no I'm
probably got nothing done today because
of this
I'm a peaky blinders season 3 I did not
know this came out and now it looks like
a murder and now I am addicted to it
fuck my goodness these drawers are
getting so full of junk it's ridiculous
old controls or random stuff or random
this or random that what is even down
here what what what what are what are
even is this I'm not even sure what I
did find is inside this entire draw all
these $1 bills what the flipping dagger
do I go to a strip club or something and
then just empty my pockets one day
because that is a lot of $1 bill change
I'm all about like cleaning up the
apartment height right now this room is
way too messy is not a storage room and
just keep crap and everything there the
two like puppets that are always making
out in here but I'm trying to organize
all this and I just found a $50 Wii U
Nintendo eShop voucher and I would
usually put this on Twitter but I'm
going to do this now so the first people
to be watching this you're gonna get it
obviously but there's the code go
download it one of you guys just won
yourself $50 enjoy this task escalated I
now have so much junk that I'm trying to
sort through all these wires all this
paperwork I found so much swag that I
didn't think I had like this for example
a minifigure that comes this like csgo
case open it's all over again so I'm
gonna open it off and oh oh oh look at
what I got out of it where's my other
one I've got a little zombie somewhere
but I got a little cow oh that's so cute
and I have another one which is whoa an
Angolan
oh my god these are actually amazing I
hope they're still making me because I
would love to collect all them what wait
what can you get you can get snow gone a
sheep a horse a cow a cat a zombie
villager Steve creeper Enderman skeleton
Steven
I ain't gone oh my goodness Oh get
excited I'm charging the drone and I'm
about to go on Google the legal
requirements for flying a drone in Los
Angeles it might be totally legal
therefore I should just fly it first
never like oh no no but I'd rather play
it safe and not get the mayor of Los
Angeles hunting after me again but
making big progress tightening
everything up successful also my shelf
is a little shot it now yeah okay so
that's what happens when you leave a set
of headphones in the the washing machine
and dryer riperoni pepper on it and does
it feel good to get my laundry done it's
nice to be organized in the apartment
things are washing things are being
dried this room Stein's are like much
more space now an Ikea thing I should I
should build and I think actually might
do it later tonight or tomorrow just
because I've had it for like two years
and I've never really like it's still
here and I'm still never billet so we'll
see how that goes but all this is just
junk now need to throw that away
few little cables to take care of and
I'm done here and heading down sister
EBD offices I know you guys won't be
able to tell the difference but I just
shaved like trim my bed for the first
time in like two years I always get
someone else to do because I don't trust
myself book hmmmm I think it looks neat
I don't go and trim the neck bed it's
all now reddish it looks twice as bad as
what it actually is if I'm not in like a
natural light but I've just shaved all
like the nasty under hair off the bottom
of my neck I feel cleaner but I know
it's gonna like look rushy
uh I don't like shaving I'm supposed to
put that into this and look how hard
this is really like look how am I
supposed to do this okay I agree to
myself I have no idea how that is even
physically possible but it's neater than
just laying it around so that'll to zoom
out that is white and gray today I'm
going to put way the blue shoes today
I'm gonna try the new DC's I think
they'll fit with the color scheme and oh
my god that you diet good news my stuff
clothes shirts pants jeans socks
everything I gave weights charity yeah I
gave it to my landlord and she is she
don't eat it all for me so I knew not
knows know what so now I have a
respectful home with no bags of clothes
just laying on the ground even though
there's a bag lay on the ground right
there that contains clothes perfectly
clean I like it perfectly clean I love
it for some reason the balloons are so
I'm amazing kitchen tidy oh I'm getting
there okay leave it alone beautiful day
outside not even a cloud in the sky
right now next up should we live car is
pretty messed up oh my gosh you seen it
oh I'm gonna tied together what the hell
totally about to film the side and
Shelby looks like he's looking into life
right now oh my god chance farmers
that's what we're here for
oh my goodness I now have to sign 400
posters for some Hasidic Asian album
look how good this looks
oh my days I'm actually so impressed
right now this I work came out amazing
Evan you did a great job
oh wait there's more oh my lord really
how many what data will kavod now one
two three really awesome okay wait so
how many this that's far like I know
this is for Andreas oh my gosh I don't
think I've signed as many posters in one
sitting
holy fuck ladies and gentlemen were
pre-gaming now for the PI again already
and get everything soft it and we got a
new piece of technology and how to be
ready for it
are you ready for it are you ready for
it this gaming company of amazingness
bought a cooker ginger guy over here
that's what you're known as from now on
everyone in the vlogs it's like where's
the ginger guy the ginger guy cooks all
time and so does Angela so we decided
since that we cook that much we get a
new woman I guess nice it took me a
whole five minutes of being here to
realize that this is basically got a
look open system of getting an Autobot
you want to get oh I think you can all
get transformers you can actually get
power attacks as well it's all run out
of crystals so I'm stealing someone
else's iPod who else has crystals right
where do I go
okay yes okay thank you can I just give
you a high five
thank you for letting me steal your
characters all right what we're gonna
get come on I've gotta get something
good no I don't want a weapon or attack
I want to get an actual my transformer
come on come on I'm feeling it I'm
feeling it what is it that what is that
a pirate magnet
oh gosh I know okay I'm not seeing that
one before all right well what'd we get
come on you Missy good more oval strike
dang it I can see which ones you've got
already yeah okay okay these are the
guys that are you oh so this is the one
we just got then yeah does this like
plus oh yeah exactly
oh stop Oh what this is sick oh my god
that's so good you can do this with all
of them yeah oh five point five five
five five oh my god that's so dope that
is so dope oh man the addiction begins
have you pulled a right yet okay okay
I'm gonna do it for you I'm gonna do a
feel come on please please come on make
money what is this they spawn as a car
wait you've not had that one nailed it
there you go
this is my like MLG rebase I have how
much - awesome like hardly any like
trying to build it all make it epic I
don't go to this one and yeah I'm I'm
gonna ask
I'm never fighting again shoot this this
is not happening
see we're actually on the opposite team
when you start the game you get to pick
with you want to be like good guys bad
guys and obviously I was the bad guys
and she showed the good guys what would
you do that why would you choose a good
guys get out of it we don't need a game
my mind is just gotta look easier Jim
have you still surviving a hot dogs no I
know right I think we've all put on the
weight that we've lost since that trip I
thought he was in a plane like traveling
up to Sweden or some shit oh my god you
just made my day seeing you oh my God
look at these views from the top I don't
even know throughout that impressive
it's nothing crazy I'm like trying to
show Jay the place to get the shots put
it putting you to work bro
gotta get them views some great
photography going on up here oh okay I'm
not actually too sure who that is but
okay this is what wizard Jay does right
this is a photo he took of this girl
walking along the desert right and he
photoshopped her to get to go from like
5 foot 3 to 5 foot 10 and watch what
look the clouds get go back up all this
junior fucking wizard that is that is
actually to crash out you know put the
Wiccan pleased about yeah grass is going
oh can in JJ just said you can either
take a picture or you can make a picture
Oh Jay you you saucy devil look at this
even look at you taking the professional
person even brother got done talking to
them as well this is amazing right I'm
not going to saddle those posters well
I'll put a link in the description for
that game once a I am totally not
opening this door with a bear man if you
guys wanna bunch oh oh yeah I've got
stats on this but if you guys want to go
ahead and download that game
I bought a link in description for you
guys to check it out so go do that I've
got getting with this and wish me luck
Sani has been doing bought I signed the
first one with a hash tag number one on
it so whoever gets this one tweet at me
and whoever receives his first one I'm
also going to give a syndicate original
t-shirt too as well and a shower
so whoever receives it you can't fake
this I'll know it's mine I'll make sure
I put it in the blog and say thanks to
your face forget I made a mess this
person who got a ridiculous smiley face
because this pen dripped then I spill it
all over the table and I went to flick
the pen and I made a golden fuck line
across the entire floor
Shh this is not going so successful
right now I know failing go to one this
is called speed sign with syndicate I'm
probably on the way through Oh No
the posters flip direction I just signed
someone okay that's an easter egg
that's an easter egg on the ear and then
I'm signing it properly just my face i
well yeah okay whoever gets that poster
this is of one of the kind it has an
Easter egg on the air that's all I'm
saying
it was meant to happen oh my god this is
the last one out of 400 okay right Jake
you hope this was a sign my son this one
last thought not
that one's mine scigirls jake and Beth
left alright there it is oh okay
everyone's requirement what the fuck
what why is it so big in before it
smashes a lie what the actual hell okay
this I was not expecting look how big
this is
what Jane Instagram that shit
where did he just come from diesel aah
oh my god this is like the best second
of my life oh my days
this is insane oh she's a squash you can
play in between this is incredible this
guy's not a robot mate there's
definitely someone in there my vlogging
cameras better than your vlogging camera
alright you can't out vlog this vlog
doesn't work like that just because your
lens is bigger Zoe are you wait are you
getting the are you getting bumble bee
to adapt oh my god no way
Oh
came out amazing I'm so happy
sorry bumblebee because Angelo isn't
here this is in Canada at the moment I'm
going to give him this as a present it's
me soldered in with the transformer
bumblebee so I'm gonna give him this as
like a little gift to say wishing you a
nice I'm gonna go post it into his
office door oh oh my god it's so hot and
sway there's so many people called
random how hot is it this is so majestic
military yeah I look oh my god wait well
I got the photo what are you doing maybe
hey thanks
is this could be army you might knock
yourself out of the fun mate this would
make such a good vlog yeah oh listen
listen it never happened it never
thought what I didn't drop your captors
on for thanks I always know it looks
like scale of one to sweating balls how
hot are you one bit armpits oh you
actually don't look that whole oh that's
way oh wow you found the right man for
the job guys you've got a life after the
jump there you go
yeah oh how did you do this wake up it's
smart yeah after this yeah oh no way I
could you know fetch Oh can save me read
this is hard work
ha ha ha I got this dude I got talking
about it no I gotta go around
alright we're gonna look it up and I'll
just take back back oh you just get two
minutes and you're sitting on our hafla
also fishing
oh there is there's a real bow movie
well I thought that was a real bummer me
this is the video game bumblebee
may look at that that's swag oh no what
what is what is this wait is this case
did Casey lady's camera here this is my
Antibes did Casey nice nothing this
camera behind no he lent it to me Oh got
it good to see you but a dancer would
you just look at that I love seeing
British cars in America they so damn
nice the last time we saw jade was at
the airport before we abandoned you
you're gonna now tell the world what you
did once how did you feel when we
abandoned you I felt great Oh cuz I was
by myself and I drove two more for town
you didn't have to share a bed I was on
my own I was on my own time this guy saw
whatever I wanted to see I woke up and I
wonder with those people I woke up when
I wanted to wake up
I left my wallet leave I saw what I
wanted to see I was good the world was
worried about you arrows that you
couldn't just abandon jail like that
everyone's giving me shit that we just
left you I actually see I'm an only
child so I was actually I felt at home
you know I didn't feel alone I'm used to
being by myself
did you not miss us no I did I actually
was upset that you didn't
oh because that was the best water trip
to me will return because I got on the
boat we will return or we'll go to
Australia's you get right oh we're
talking about going somewhere this
weekend we're going - Joshua Tree this
weekend
yeah then it's not the end of The
Adventures of me and Jeff Green yeah you
got the fruiting planet bar always get
the shrimp roll I removed the I remove
the shrubbery the shrubbery oh my gosh
this is but I hope it's as good as it
was last time whether your ramen was a
10 right so that's just as good as the
ramen still attempt hi boys yeah super
good man our team honestly really really
could see everyone at 3bd everyone who's
a youtuber in LA it's been really really
damn cool and we're also now planning my
23rd birthday which is on the 23rd of
June this month which is going to be a
VidCon so we're planning on throwing
like one of the craziest pies of my
entire life so resting takes me on
Thursday the 23rd of June 2016 on my
23rd birthday but either way it's likely
as hell right now so I feel like I just
went really quiet but like I'm genuinely
that tired now that like when I look
left or crack and feel my eyes lagging
its Hadiya I didn't you say the word so
I'm stupidly tired I'm going to bed
I've returned home to a very nice clean
apartment all balls I've forgot that I
love my stuff and dryer wait wait for it
wait for it yep and so I'm going to
start that mess but nonetheless I'm
gonna go to bed now guys I've got some
chocolate biscuits from Subway off as
you American schölermann cookies I got
some cookies left from Subway's I'm
gonna eat them go to bed watch the new
game of thrones episode and just past
the hell out so nonetheless great night
I hope you guys have enjoyed it if you
did make sure you have a like rating
subscribe and again a massive shout out
to the Transformers game for sponsoring
this
and 3bd in this video I really
appreciate like it was actually really
awesome to see my company that I own 3bd
working alongside with such big
companies so it was absolutely amazing
but if you guys want to check out the
game links down description really
appreciate them throw this entire event
it was super cool cuz in a way got me
and my friends all together around a
good cause which was a video game so
that's what we do we play games for
living them that's it but I am now a
daily vlogger so that's kind of weird
but I've got a bad much lips your faces
sar dudes and i am going to sleep
goodnight goodbye and the big giveaway
did you guys just see the big purple
lines that went across the screen if you
did you're a legend if you didn't
you're not alleged wizard you allege
wizard you set on ledges of wizardry but
nonetheless what was about say is the
big giveaway that we're about to do is
getting bigger and bigger and bigger it
was kind of like celebrating 200 million
views on the vlogging channel but
because it's got so big raised was like
hey we'll give you a laptop and the GPU
like the stealth blade and the GPU
separate to giveaway in the giveaway so
now this giveaways got so big that I'm
like I think we need to do like 50 cent
original shirts a raise the laptop raise
a swag and a bunch more stuff so if you
guys are interested
make sure you I'm not like button let's
make this shit happen and make sure you
share of all your friends and family
because that's what I just do I film
every single day of my life with you
guys so share it with your friends and
family so I'm going to bed I'm tired
it's a 120 in the morning and then I'm
going the fuck justkeep goodbye
