ground control to Major Tom it's May
night that means it's my sister's
birthday this did not run is the 9th of
May it's officially my sister's birthday
now because I'm in America I haven't
planned anything for back in UK I'm
gonna go to the store get shitload of
balloons that say like happy birthday
then face hammer and just like wish I
have birthday because if I can't be
there in person I might as well throw a
birthday party for here without because
that makes total sense right before we
do any of that we have to be responsible
adults I now put my next batch washing
on dryer on great success I've done my
laundry I've got all my boxes in one
pile look at ya underwear so sexy no saw
the pile of socks now I think I'm gonna
do what I did in the UK like look when
you go to pair these socks it's like
finding a jigsaw piece you have to go
okay stripy sock where's the next stripy
sock why haven't I got another stripy
sock this is bullshit throw them all the
way in the charity box like I know
people don't exactly want odd socks but
just in case someone does something with
some socks you might turn into a cup
damn puppet I don't know but I'm going
to throw it all into the charity box go
to go to the shop I'm gonna buy like 50
pairs of the exact same socks that's way
when you put them all on the washing
y'all come out you can never not pair up
the correct socks kanya damn genius the
wardrobes looking nice and clean this is
all syndicate original shirts here and
then this is all white BK Randy
different make shirts shout-out to
Oakley because that's my favorite jumper
in the world paramedic original have
from Syndicate original let's go ahead
and get rid of wait a minute is that a
man thong okay it's not a man thong but
it is a speedo that pretty much looks
like a month um you might be like Tom
why the hell are you sharing this with
us if there is OG subscribers on this
channel you will know that meme was a
fuzzer and uh one suffer any other f
knees name blunt suffer went down to
Santa Monica peir in nothing but speedos
and women were losing their minds that
is like legit a true story we went down
in man thongs and we actually bumped
into a youtuber doing a secret like
camera hidden prank of rating people and
he still could take a sticker on my ass
and rated me out of ten and I was like
that's cool story but yeah if you find
that on YouTube somewhere don't send me
screenshots like everyone still does
this day they're always like is this you
basically naked in this video and I'm
like yes fuck my life my poison of
choice for today is gonna be I'm wearing
kind of a blue top
choosie the matching call combination
should be blue because I don't want blue
we're going with purple yeah but I could
Ralph's looking for some food much you
thinking maybe getting something from
there like a nice sandwich bought Oh God
we meet again naked drinks we meet again
okay as much as I love you I don't want
you right now yeah I'm over it
I am gonna go with the two sandwiches
big cheese hmm that's pretty dumb
American oh my god
red velvet cookies with white chocolate
bits oh I am definitely taking one of
them we're only five dollars
oh I need to move away from the style
cakes cakes and all these Donuts mmm
look at this noon genus cell by 17th of
May move it across
pull the black one out sell by the 24th
easy-mode almost totally forgot I had to
get the balloons for Alice and I've got
to pick her a cake so I got try and pick
one that says Happy Birthday okay here's
the point I'm gonna write Alice's
birthday card I've got the balloons I'm
gonna put in all 24 small candles and
twenty-fifth being a big one
I'm gonna FaceTime a sing a happy
birthday and then I'm gonna read out
what I'm gonna write in the card to her
because although she's my sister so
let's do this okay this is it my
sister's on the FaceTime now we're gonna
surprise a happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
Alice happy birthday to you pip all
right hip hip hooray I love a good look
hip hip
all right no but make a wish and blow
all 25 candles
all 25 you did it all in one this is so
gonna set off my fucking smoke oh um
thoughts and opinions on the most
amazing card I've ever got your my life
it's it yeah it reminded me of you so I
thought you might like it and then I'm
gonna we're gonna open it up ready wait
boat you see it pineapple head I'm gonna
written I read it to younger ETA you
ready oh don't cry
why are you crying oh I love you oh
don't even feel bad I was like I got
this one I was like I'm gonna throw it
like the best birthday ever even though
I'm not there I love you I love you she
that's amazing yeah you're 25 you're
fucked it's downhill from here know what
I'm feeling genuinely really happy right
now I'm eating an apple I'm feeling
healthy I'm eatin don't everything I
need to do FaceTime my sister she was
super stoked she's built said I didn't
when I say be upset she was real upset
that was in the UK for an actual
birthday so hopefully that can change a
definite have to say that is the best
birthday god I think I could ever have
got a bot ma'am everything seems to be
going quite smoothly apart from the fact
that there's blood in my apple except
fit into the alcohol and it made me
bleed who said eating healthy is good
for you I have no idea what I was gonna
do for the rest of the day and then I
got a text message of Hillier obscene
like yo do you want to go to the world
of warcraft
like I don't think it's premiere I think
it's just like a screening so I was like
hell
fucking yes so go and checking out the
world of warcraft premiere film script
the fire wing checking out the screening
right now so niger exactly overly
dressed so i hope it's not for me
but either way rare rock and roll that's
me just talking about what I'm wearing
like yeah I just got my blue jacket on
looking you know just normal and then
excuse me look how nice she looks
what is this about where you going you
taking about a damn day by the looks of
things cheese your what your Wimmers
your your whimpers our stick in it no
okay yeah enjoy crushing I'll try to
film as out work but this cow decided to
conveniently stop here and truck don't
you even think about otherwise get out
this Karen put you in the face wait
actually better looks of things not long
all right but either way what is what is
that artwork in the background like if I
look here look yeah Thank You Hillary
car what are you doing like if you want
it's like a hand over a hole
so we wow just look at Wow Hillary Wow
something is beautiful if I can love it
game nicer look at that fucking sunset
oh my gosh I'm a sucker for a sunset and
now we're actually going to Universal
stupid stupid universe studios yes we're
going to Universal Studios City Walk for
the world of warcraft screening not
premiere screening screening screening
screening okay wow what you just look at
now my guy would prefer parking twenty
dollars for parking of a fucking laugh
we got we got we got free parking
tickets okay fact you said wish I had a
go-kart in this parking lot
oh my days this would be amazing so
empty oh my goodness me I'm obsessed
with this view oh look at it
that looks so nice always now I mean I'm
pretty sure that's the Harry Potter like
edition they just added to the park
you're a wizard
the entertainment capital of even said
Los Angeles all the world so either way
we made it where to I don't have a clue
you have to wonder what do they sell
there like all these places are having
competitions as to who can have the best
sign that represents him as a company
that's a flip-flop that's a heart that's
the cinema Hey that's a stupid twig with
a leaf on it
Ellery I have definitely found a winner
that's a big-ass guitar Hard Rock Cafe
you win
Oh oh there's a robot that buy I still
think the guitar takes it don't mean oh
my god we made it we made it we made it
wait a minute what what what no
recording hey dear every company
possible I love going doing what what
they're mirrored look look in the whoa
dear every company in the world I like
going doing cool shit so if you want to
invite me to premieres iton totally down
I love the cinemas we give you paper and
we get food in return oh thank you yep
store one thank you okay before this
film is to ask look how big the screen
is
oh I can't I can't even fit it into the
actual camera it's so so big where's
Hillary just got right now we're about
halfway through the world walk I felt
and so far it's fucking sick like really
really good just got out watching the
warcraft movie honestly
fucking awesome film really really
really good I was gonna give it a 9 out
of 10 that's how good it was but it was
like 1 fight scene here that threw it
off so I get I decided to give it an
eight point nine instead but really
really good film massively advise it
universally that is so many parking
spaces literally thousands upon
thousands of parking spaces look how
pretty it is
thought we were about to crush that
like why are we drifting into the side
Universal Studios thanks for having us
whoo we just point this out
what could the size of this guy's wheels
at this sort of cash has been a dick now
thanks silver car trick this is like
twice in one day look at the goddamn
size of them like twice the size of this
get there like what he's doing 27 inch
wheels holy fuck that is pimped out of
shit he's got the TVs in the back seats
as well
damn son if I don't get home into my
apartment any time soon I might shit
myself in this elevator ah ha ha ha ha
so I did not just fall asleep with the
phone light lay on my chest mid edit in
the vlog so I apologize for that a great
day a little cool stuff to do I actually
think this is now me going into wrapping
up today's vlog what got in tomorrow's
vlog I do think I'm doing another
another make-a-wish which is absolutely
insane so that's what you guys get to
look forward to to my but I'm so if the
vlog being late if you guys would be
awesome and just be badass let's see if
we can get five thousand four hundred
and thirty one likes that's a cool Astra
if we could do that that'd be absolutely
goddamn that sweet and yeah I'm gonna be
going back to bed now for a little bit
so so ever the vlog being like don't
forget if you guys went download sounds
of syndication which is my mixtape album
link be down in description
go get it and I'll see you guys tomorrow
for the my next vlog which hopefully
will be on time I'm sorry I've actually
had every vlog on time the past couple
of days so I'm really really sorry so
until next time I love your faces and
goodbye
