that's another day in paradise but it's
always a good day to be offended
especially dude
momentary interruption to daily vlog I
just wanna let you guys know that the
collaboration between me and Lex is
officially done you guys can check it
out the link will be down description go
check out spam the like ratings and say
in the comments the vlog sent you and
you'll be able to enjoy me naked and
Lexus painting my boobs oh my god is
watching videos wait oh my god Louise
watching a video but is amazing it's
always sold on them to me because when
people watch my videos I mean she come
always like I wonder whether watching
him he was watching on all the saw stuff
so this kid over here he was watching
unbox therapy who's watching Jerome is
it's crazy to me like he just sat in a
restaurant he's just on his iPhone
watching out I think it's absolutely
incredible so really really cool to see
someone decided that citizen wet we need
a parent an article what the hell is
going on yeah so I decided to go for
this chicken breadstick spicy thing so
it lacks and not too sure I don't think
of it so I'm gonna try it for the first
time because it's got so much seasoning
on it time to give it a go
it's actually really nice but it is
actually spicy now playing quizzes she
keeps all the killing on track we get
the most points here come on Mona Paris
Doceri but yeah but we'll pass no no one
is even correct once you see how many
points we just got yeah yeah good luck
Rep see you later life spectrum bitches
boy first place
Oh Lex is a beast we're currently
winning oh wait no that's the final do
we wait one final question
oh it's down to you and Mona okay okay
okay get ready Gong's no I don't know
Jack Locke who Jack Locke I don't know
it was guess Chuck Barris it looks like
it should bears to you yeah oh no no
good morning Pete your berries No you
should know this Paul's Boutique I'm
gonna go with Beastie Boys it's a guess
but we're absolutely smashing it we
can't lose it might be Weezer I don't
think it's Metallica oh did you get 10 K
points no it does not hey Bret Booya
swallow surprise it's still raining an
hour later great taking the really bad
decision you're all messy why is always
messy I'm making a really bad decision
of one be wanting Alexis at bowling now
remember last time she kicked my ass it
was close to second game but she kicked
my ass so I'm hoping that can bring it
back this time and for sure these shoes
were way way too big
I lied you actually fit size 9 bowing
shoes holy crap 9/10 you've got that
huge feel I could look like a clown
okie dokie I'm up first she's in the
bathroom hopefully I'm gonna get the
strike my breasts can't wait what it
just knocked down on my pins what Oh
first guy got a 9 I thought I was gonna
get a strike
I thought wear your shoes over there
there you go okay it's all doctor it's
cosmic though just please go gentle on
me all right okay she's good she's
coming with excuses as to why she's
gonna beat me so much it's all downhill
from here I thought I was winning and
she got a strike for it there's no even
fair she's now she was like oh my
shoulders hurt my shoulder sentence I
was like ma ha ha I might win she's now
got two strikes tits I stand a chance I
got a strike finally I had to just feel
happy I got strikers like these two
about like 9000 strikes
struggling wait for it alright TARDIS
she gonna strike again why can't you
just let me win one she's she's 124 I'm
103 pretty much statistically need to
get a strike now somewhere I'm gonna try
my best you guys and we're trying you
watch this
nope hi every Tim I got 1 1 1 which is
nice-looking score but it's not exactly
124 gonna go on strike musket
Allen Jing shit I'm taking no prisoners
this game no prisoners
okay shouldn't get straight with clay
but guess what what happened that likes
watch your phone on the fourth question
from a flex question phone for oh look
at that
you have to take another go because you
didn't get strike first I'm like me oh
oh she's so scared because I got two
strikes back to back how do you feel
let's not scare and what is it wait not
scared why don't what why you're not
scared
wait what is this why God why you
feeling confident just can you not see
the double X's that I got come on show
us what you got girl you saying it's
totally a moose I don't know you're
talking about I know there's be the one
time of the Alexus I got 117 she goes to
strike on closed
how many stop oh no you're feeling
confident oh no no don't do this to me I
can't this is like last time if you find
in your heart to like you know
accidentally you know fuck up then
that's fine
okay let's see what happens oh no no
wimps players okay boys feel
no she's not difficult no I lost
no no what did you get dissipation is
killing me no no no okay okay six pins
get going Lex gone see what you came
okay
oh shit I don't know no pressure
hideaway in the game service service
cancel cancel nope enter zombie strike
fuck you Bruce
she beat me by three oh I'm gonna
fucking shoot myself
shoot me
good game oh she think she's MLG Pro all
she has to do is get the ball and the
green door and she wins five thousand
dizzy chicken vines pressure Lex you're
under pressure
yes I probably throw my phone across the
room oh it moved
oh okay Lex there's no pressure I by the
way got to the very top one and missed
it
continue continue continue Oh
oh so close
so good I got I got two top one fail
of course she wants to see if she's
stronger than me so come on let's see
what you got Alexis let's see what you
got
Oh your shoulders bad is this your
excuse okay wait first of all yeah keep
it on the same one oh not bad I don't
know if that's good or bad we'll find
out
I wanna try again boy she's getting
compared now all right come on let's see
you can be it 650 650 650 well oh wait
what oh shit okay I got to show who's
boss now
kill myself alright so I am looking
number eight oh that was good
okay she told me to pick guys my
personal one yeah not bad
alright unlucky number nine my sister's
birthday even though it's lucky for me
well Alice would have made me rich balls
so now we've got 196 excited she is wait
your ringers yeah deal alright - oh
that's your number
was very lucky much goes bit intense
oh we're good we're doing good
and I'm thinking 15 cousins do you ever
uses a number 15 walk
the hell was 15 I just got scammed
sporty no idea okay that's good that's
good that's good provide with you operas
I'm no dealing I'll maybe get twice the
tickets for twice the price
what's the operon get out of here all
right your toothpick
number one pretty good with these
numbers over here all right
I'm thinking I want to get rid of 16 we
got to get rid of that six get rid of
that six Lex we're doing pretty good but
we have a six
we have six tickets oh if it's over
eighteen you think it's gonna be already
No Deal never a day on that choose two
cases okay all right oh these are
numbers 11 32 7 1 3 3 7
apart from threes gone shit oh I picked
3 okay please is your timer yeah oh shit
Electro's
damnit okay okay okay thirteen done
lucky 13 is a monkey bridge for my
favorite numbers it's actually my look
is number always dealing this is dealing
us we got this between us they will take
it
oh yes yes just straight to the bank
bitches straight to the bank in America
they only have voted calm but they sell
these satchels that you can sprinkle on
so I've got cinnamon sugar and just
sprinkle on your popcorn let's try it oh
my god that is incredible
x-men apocalypse I'm giving that an 8.5
out of 10
actor throws real amazing super funny
super good a lot of people give it
really shit reviews but I'm reading it
pretty Hayek said that was good what
about you yeah
Oh super good dumpling that Carla's
character was amazing and Quicksilver
was incredible honestly might be my
favorite scene out of a movie where he's
running in slow motion at certain point
like saving people favorite part in a
movie in such a long time like to the
point where it's like might be one of my
all-time favorite scenes now I even
tweeted that everyone agree with me but
it turns light off and also a must have
shout to Spencer who was a MC who hooked
us up fight style when I got a lot of
snacks and stuff you know who you are
thank you very much sir this time with
me and legs whilst on this computer
editing this mouse stays that size and
all of a sudden it'll draw like just
dead big I'm like what the hell is going
on and we've just realized what it is
once you write moving it around normally
to be veteran only it's fine oh yeah
it's fine when you shake it sideways
okay shake it it grows the head let's go
wizard don't forget ladies and gentlemen
the Winx have it down in the description
for the collaboration
if you guys gonna go check it out here
it is oh wait it is you can just quickly
spot the big fucking Mouse in the
background but yeah God we got it up she
painted my clothes and look super cool
if you guys can do me a favor go over to
the video to smash that like button and
share it on like Facebook or Twitter I
would really appreciate that cuz we want
it to be like super super shout out to
the world so thank you so much for
everyone who does this they look like in
the morning and me and Alexis are still
editing the BFF video that we're trying
to do now bar cuz it's late as hell I'm
just gonna wrap up the video so thank
you very much for watching you guys
faces I'm gonna be leaving to LA at like
10 p.m. tomorrow so enjoy me flying back
there as always make sure the why Korean
subscribe and 6 p.m. every day I'll be
uploading a new vlog unless it's late
I'm hungover or I'm dying so what are
they above love your faces and
