Alexis picks me and she's like Tom
giorgio for breakfast sound like short
you want some burnt toast and quite
literally she meant do we want to go to
bird toes no do I want burnt toast and
apparently she hates it but her mum
loves it my grandma loves it so we're
going to go and try burnt jelly which is
why Americans Alexis do things
differently hey let's take a Bloody Mary
and press bacon in it it started with
one then I got carried away and things
just escalated I am a wizard time to see
if I can step this up a notch
is it possible can it be done
can a bit nope okay failed we all get
that and that because that seems like a
good thing if I can just taste both of
them I can make a decision whether or
not I like this place and I messed up
Alexis made an amazing decision of
chicken waffles with bacon good job I
decided I wanted an envelope which is
massive with loads of hashbrowns it then
came with pancakes yeah and this I don't
photo all right for burnt toast I'm
gonna give it like a five wasn't into
anything crazy it was nice but it just
wasn't anything insane Lex okay so she
gives it a zero yeah alright we've made
look the whole crews out here we got the
mods coming here show me some love cause
she'll be simple but everyone's just met
Alexis for the first time come in give
me some more easily thank you for
letting me share the bed yeah yeah the
man thank you for the bed I mean no one
was in it with me
he was you were not any with me you guys
I'm so good okay he kept me like could I
stay in the bed with you I was like no
get the fuck out of it basically what
are you doing
this is this is not safe this is not
acceptable
I can't we just let him borrow his cows
is a thrill lover I don't get it is this
what happened to you I said where's
Aiden look everyone's fucking here okay
right I was thinking about filming this
is a main video of me 1v1 in all the
guys in the house but the view might be
really short so I'm just thinking that I
might just put it in the vlog so I got
to get everyone the vlog and 1v1 them
and Alexis you want to go against
teacher if I get someone to film it I
will see you my shoulder hurts oh don't
use it I'd skis didn't like a good idea
at the time
so I'm officially America man today look
listen american heart man that american
top american park
American sucked I've I smashed it I
think I did a good job
so I'm wait wait wait hold this facing
that way even though you interview I
know can you see yep
look I even got look at this shit
alright if that if the guys in the house
are not impressed oh shit well what's it
called to mahadji's from Canada so I
don't think he'll appreciate this man
either way I'm officially yeah I am
officially America man today so I'm
gonna take them all on on the boxing
challenge whatever the hell is called so
let's do this yep you're going down on
the fighting challenge bitch I brought a
fucking outfit with me oh you're a
little late but well no you said I'm
gonna get my ass beat this guy right
here
fuck you bitch yeah fuck you this is
America not Canada you'll walk go
fucking get it bitch fucking take it
down
fuck you I'm going giving a cream one of
his birthday presents why no or this is
not all your presents this is just one
that I couldn't be asked wrapping this
is yours you have to wear it last I
won't be one year you have to wear it
I'm going right I'm gonna fucking Fedora
you listen ignore the price tag dude
that suits you does it fit does it fit
you ordered you impressed come on
Oh me me you know what that's all the
swag are you doing you putting on your
coat
you're made for this see I thought about
you here we about to Mortal Kombat in
yeah look at this I'm wearing all
American and you've gotta be fancy actin
America's about a kiss-ass be one
suggestion oh you might wanna watch what
you say you're gonna be the magician and
I'm Captain America you're the magician
bring it on I'm going wrapping your
presents now are you excited for your
presents yes all right all right let me
go wrap your presents than perfect we
can pour things inside the tissue paper
so the box can have the duck in it
nailed it now what cannot wrap up the
bag
right you help me she's an artist she
could I'll find things for you to put it
in you wrap it tape okay I'll try
yeah it's a found tape Nora you're a
rough one want just one that time guy
doesn't go give it inseparable oh okay
perfect when we had soup on tape oh my
god she's actually using the resources
you have to wrap them perfectly thank
they high-five don't leave me hanging
thank you that's great I'm so happy I'm
so proud about this this is perfect okay
this is good this is good which one's
did I wrap and which ones did lek trap
yeah do use this let's hitch hitch knows
what the presents are hitches in on this
they're actually really thoughtful this
is you yeah we can tell you with all the
same thing god damn it guys the plane
after this let's pretend it put in those
spider eggs come true all right yeah
sure see I'm not the only mean one
involved in this and by the way for the
record hold this a second this if you
ever seen us do this in like a vision of
sort of podcast or anything this is the
trench alarm so if you see a thing like
this you see it straighter anyway I
throw my watch in the video no snitch I
pitch it to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear crimson happy
birthday - wait what girl stop don't
give up halfway all right so half of
these were right by me and half of these
were wrapped by Alexis okay so we're
gonna start off with your first gift
take a seat take a seat mrs. here wheres
your fedora no it's fine don't worry
about your fedora you're fine okay do
you know which one you're wrapped okay
hex it's opening these birthday presents
of me
Oh Hector this is Alexis I like to
connect they're really good
it's not just a lunch box oh my god is
that good
okay that was a CI do you think of all
four gifts
okay now this one is just a random gift
okay I picked five things for you that
was stupidly random it's nothing amazing
put these two a really good I feel like
you found whatever is in this box in the
house
listen flex we used all the things in
the house to wrap it just as I thought
you might get bored when you're in the
shower about your duck hey it's gonna
master you got a fish see I'm just so
bored over wait I've got a workout which
this one is okay I think this one is
alright that was the most impressive
this one's the most impressively look
how she wrapped the brisk she's good she
used a ripped poster okay so now this
one okay I think you're gonna like this
one
what is this the girls are let's try
Ifrah oh it's the cash it's the cap I'll
ruin anything Titan hero series oh we
were gonna buy you a Barbie doll but
then like Falmer was like why don't you
get him a captain Captain America stat
so we got you that good call okay now
because you're 23 years old we thought
this was a necessary gift what is that
amazing glass and it's not fried
it's got a billion times more noise so
you ring for bed okay it's getting
kicked you heard it here first is
getting kicked right now I wouldn't be a
good friend I won't be a good friend if
you only had one toy to play with you
don't want to be lonely
so there's your last gift this is your
final gift I can literally see ya she
said exactly that she know what it is Oh
Winter Soldier we're going with the
Marvel oh look at this matching eye so I
thought I thought I'd be a good birthday
present sorry it's a day late by the way
yeah everyone's here like not for his
birthday this is a whole new age for
that what do I get our ten what do I get
out of ten for birthday gifts
oh well happy birthday friend there you
go this is it we're throwing down and
won't be wanting any what everyone wrong
what fuck are you where are you Liz
noticed I know I
what's with the socks holy but I gotta
get this from Oh they've got many flags
on them why cuz I don't know this is
what your wrong target said was an
America outfit no no my sister broke her
back in a trampoline so that's enough
I can try flung flip ah he is the
magician wearing that was his extra gift
I got him a fedora dude here we go here
we go
I believe in the dream oh dude
apparently it's got a special move that
is gonna fuck me up with bring it up
alright my first opponent of the optic
house are you gonna count it in hex yeah
I feel like I need a warm-up game or
something all right wait he's gonna
count in b54 which one
no I was gonna try Google wait best out
of three
yep all right ready let's unboxing much
it Cayenne
one two three oh okay oh I already lost
by what one more game is so great
Oh tell me the slow-motion cover that
would be like tell me right match up
bounce with your shotgun in match so
this is not going to be a most high
advantage by ever before you save one
child before you say anything my green
levers no angry mother maybe huh Tom's
wearing something good look much little
mini flags
what are you doing like America is the
reverse sweep
is this the reverse sleep pack walk okay
guess we do a mess up five no luck you
like right you can three two go is this
an eider helmet right
why wait taking one sock off I'm doing
really six maneuver - yeah
yes America win America how do I take
down the biggest guy in the house and
not some wearing a fucking fedora
oh you're gonna have to slow more that
five four three two go one London one
three two
what fight one one is it son fight all
right three two one fight
damn Oh push push push push
oh I think I took first telly Oh T one
step on the other person good commando
no Tom Tom get off and do jump on it how
you jump on it before okay
I don't write three to one point I guess
Oh
deformed just call fiber throw your
decided again class last round
are you perform yeah now vote all right
let us come back three two one go
game winning kill cam brought to you by
French fight London tea bags right then
bullshit the hell just walk out - OH
paralyzed
he's been the decider and you being the
decider or is Nick being the decider for
God's sake all right is injured I've got
to take him off he's injured let's do
this dude you ready roll no I cracked it
Seneca vs. uptake Oh a challenger has
ended of the arena
all right that's not a bad angle three
two one what you gotta be ready for that
you gotta be uses leverage right uses
momentum against seven six strike count
does that amazing now I didn't I should
count
oh look what a loser yeah three two one
fight
Oh Oh Nick damn it
on on 1 3 2 1
wait
three two one get push push slap whoosh
decider for all the marbles
three two one go three two one get on
one three two one push push Tom teabag
teabag teabag
uh-oh who's gonna win who's gonna win
boss wait what Hector thank you very
much for ladies today the house your
legend when I say bro
stop thinking this is your house yeah
you were gonna regret touching miss your
house oh no I got travel this way but
thank you so much all right you're
welcome something your house well yeah
yeah thanks Hector
used to be a friend called Big Tymers
arrows well hi hi Miguel I love Amy
still my favorite youtuber wax works
sar dude I thought your nice day so
because it's so nice we're gonna go
inside and have some awesome food here
we can't eat it outside because they
don't have an outside but let's see how
dumb awesome this place actually is a
and this place has got an ego the best
barbecue in town all right let's keep
going let's keep you on Bionic burger a
ribeye steak a plain cheeseburger more
ribs and the ribs for me and likes to
share more mistakes with it because I've
got a sound as well I'm gonna make it
what I cannot do it press the one all
right let's see we can win tomorrow 77
isn't anything how do you need it I won
something but didn't win something all
right
thirteen wait wait we did win it still
going up this bullshit oh hi boys
Oh boys let's do this we're cashing out
we've made a big for millionaires boys
please into the ticket redeemed oh my
gosh get ready for this
just you wait cash money for days Oh
give me it give me good stuff on it okay
what wait it's comfortable
wait it's really giving me it's pretty
it's printing it out in ones oh I'm just
saying I cashed out at the best number
possible 1 1 hi we're back at it again I
feeling I get it again back in again
with a real boy so this is now me
black-painted up to hell I don't want to
smudge anything but we're doing the body
pain of the Reaper we must have with the
body first and then and we're gonna do
the face afterwards so this is you guys
charlie
third attempt at the face but we're
gonna smash it this time let you know
why
look I really look at you I won't let's
go gasps what is this the reason why we
rushed at this time is cuz of this
look how god damn amazing this looks
high-five
got my carbon fiber chest under got my
we couldn't tell whether or not these
are like shotgun shells whatever but
look how 3d they look that a nipple
looked like hit a nipple there hit a
nipple there but like look at it so damn
good so I'll catch up with you guys when
it's like part way don't on nearly
finished final stages and right now she
has to paint my ears so I disappear into
the background oh if you could hear what
this sounds like the squelching is
disgusting basically if I close my eyes
that's what I like yeah so it looks
really really good it looks even better
like a proper setup like I'm like a
floating mask
awesome right so cool oh my god
that is look look wait what wait I'm
face swapping with myself it takes my
face is a face but we're done and wrap
to the collab it looks so good like on
the black background the footage that we
got looks fucking amazing cuz it's not
mmm absolutely love it
she's absolutely tired as I said right
now for like I just can't go how fucking
good this looks
give me another high-five was it I look
like a major but that was an aggressive
hog punch but it's like go times it to
20 in the mana she's been going out this
for four hours is how long every video
takes fucking hell mate and there's me
doing like a 10 minute gameplay video or
a 10 my blog every day respect the
ground I respect the ground it was so
good right now I've got to wash all this
off it's absolutely so about fruit juice
how it's so cool to see this on that I
really don't take it off but it's like
three o'clock tomorrow and so I'm going
to take this up and then go and crush
out so looks absolutely epic like she
did an amazing job in case you're
watching this and a mom and grandma
watch these books so your daughters
ridiculously talented like stupidly
stupidly tired I can't even draw a
goddamn steak man so you did good kids
he did good what is that I thought I
thought it a weird line so sick I just
don't take it all look alike you prank
videos or something I'm like like when I
had the predator one on I just walked
around the streets and went to
Cheesecake Factory was awesome now I
just kinda want to do the same thing she
just looks so fucking good riperoni
pepperoni oh that's crazy
feel like I'm ripping my heart much
right now that is so down with it no
it's go for hours of hard work got time
for the face you ready
I would like a goddamn psychopath what
the hell is your finger on is now four
o'clock in the morning I just finished
out in this vlog guy so I hope you
enjoyed it if you did make you leave a
like rating subscribe and I'll catch you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. every single day
for the next vlog and yeah I really
appreciate when it looks like share
button and like I said the new video
main tutorial of the Reaper is coming
out soon when it's out I'll make sure
I'll link it down below so much love to
your faces and I
