before we start today's vlog I need to
let you guys know right now that I have
dropped a mixtape you know when someone
says like pass me applaud I'm dropping
the mixtape and it's straight fire well
this is straight fire I'm gonna put a
link down in the description to my
actual mixtape it's an awesome playlist
of tracks I like my absolute favorites
and the last song on track is actually
very reminiscent to old school people on
my channel you'll you'll know what the
song is like you'll I could just tell
you what I want you to go and check it
out for yourself but it's got the sounds
of syndication let's try and get it to
number one in the charts right now it's
like twenty first album in the world and
it's absolutely crushing it so you guys
support the hell out of it I'll give you
more information soon about it but I'll
put a link down below future let's go
and get it or just go and search sounds
of syndication but morning New York City
it is currently five o'clock in the
afternoon and I'm only just getting out
of bed oh my god I've been awake since
10:00 a.m.
I just haven't left the building because
one it was raining but now it's
absolutely beautiful and I'm supposed to
be in New York
for one more day but I'm not doing and
I'm staying in this lovely City where
the weather is shit and the girls are
pretty that was I mean you know what I'm
impressed with myself of that fucking up
shop leaving behind this weird-ass
artwork and specifically the big booty
in the bedroom that everyday I've woke
up to I've stared at that for hours I
drank both the fucking $9 boardwalk so
so drunk look I'm not even kidding
nine dollars $80 worth water what I
could blow the fucking well in Africa
for $18 OS we'll pretend that never
happened and I take I'm stuttering here
we're gonna pack our bags up and get off
to the airport I don't fly to like 8
o'clock but I'm just gonna plate say
because New York traffic is AIDS and
it's a Friday so that's double AIDS my
hotel room you've been awesome thank you
it cost me so much money in water and
beverages look at this I opened the coke
right right with a bottle opener and the
piece of glass came off with a lid this
hotel merely tried to kill me but either
way my food still there and
unfortunately I can't take this with me
so Holly Epic Meal Time I'm leaving your
YouTube road behind I'm sorry bro I wish
I could keep it but it's like a triple
XL just doesn't fit it deep breath
everything
New York see you have been amazing the
weather has literally been crap but it's
now time to go and check in my ticket
that I bought actually got canceled so I
turned it like oh shit leave it on the
plane turns out yes I can so now I'm
just kicking back for two hours I did
not want to risk miss can missing the
flight so go away for two hours and then
we got a first-class ticket to Chicago I
have to be honest this looks like some
really really good Airport food and I'm
going for that you are weensy food it's
looks pretty damn good looking good for
the win one super super runner but my
flight is at like 8:50 and there's a
flight right in front of me now that
leaves to Chicago and it was delayed by
an hour so I'm gonna try and see if I
can get on it but the wound down the
desk its dressing like crazy so I don't
think it's gonna work it's so close yet
so far well that would have worked
absolutely amazingly but unfortunately
the flight is that unlike fall I've got
a ticket for a fly that's in like two
hours bought I don't wait two hours for
a cell there sucks
finally the plane arrived it's ten
o'clock at night and we're going to get
in on this one so we gotta wait for
everyone to get off we can get on and
then it's gonna be midnight until I get
there fuck what a complete waste of a
day unfortunately but it'll be worth it
when I get to Chicago it's just it was a
little a bit a complete waste of a day
really bummed out one and a half hours
later I made it to Chicago and the door
shot this way I was like usually the
doors open thank you the airport wife of
freshening up in bathrooms here we are
stuck in yet more traffic at McDonald's
drive-thru sick either way chicken
nuggets at five past midnight on the way
to the optic house but tomorrow is gonna
be an eventful day to show tracks
I've never been to six like before in my
life so
prepare for me to drop my phone off the
roller coasters ah here we go
returning to the Arctic house this
should be a nice surprise wish I got
that camera look alive out understand
backward literally DX like a couple of
hours ago I was like yo can I stay at
the house for an extra two days and he
was like fuck yet why not so I'm back
for two days let's go I need to LA
tomorrow
oh wait five hours so it's nice to see
you again for a few hours I'm gonna go
to bed now and I'll catch you listen for
the booger I'm back I can't believe
you're fucking back I heard those
talking it sounds like that huh I'm back
motherfucker I'm back for two days all
right
two days God you you're like a
magnificent version like Jesus yeah yeah
fucking sexy this pleasure to see you
guys I've got to go downstairs and work
good look tomorrow in Los Angeles with
your flight pose is gonna be fuckin
daily vlogging with his YouTube cap trap
I'm proud and you're gonna keep crushing
bikes okay
teamwork damn I just thought I'd check
on CS go low and look at this a three
grand bet is going down and the winner
oh damn if we would have actually joined
that game then we would have lost dad
definitely I didn't do that I've gotta
edit a video now for the main channel I
got a load of stuff that I need to
update and some reason I'm just really
really struggling making this video so I
need to get it done just get my shit
together and then I can go to bed and
wake up tomorrow and just have a new day
all right I got my video sword it is now
nearly 4 a.m. in the morning that is
just great I am doing the one thing I
should have done absolutely ages ago and
that's going the fuck to sleep as mayor
not narrated as narrated now I can say
narrate narrate what as narrated by
samuel l.jackson if you've never seen
that YouTube video google it now I'm
pretty sure everyone in the object I was
yeah my Saints though I'm pretty sure
everyone in the optic house has gone to
bed and the only one awake right now so
oh no optic Alan's awake so everyone
else must be sleeping
four of them are yeah think I'm the new
we want a wig this would be my room in
the optic house I would take it over
scumpii I'll have to 1v1 you that's
something for it maybe a swimming
contest that's probably the only thing I
could win meanwhile that's scum peas
room like massive ass room this is mine
it is cute it is perfect it's all that I
need it's all I could possibly ever ask
for but if I could if I could upgrade
that is definitely the room I would
upgrade to I make it sound like I'm
actually a new member of the arctic
house screw it I am a new member of the
optic house I'm moving here I just wanna
remind you guys that if you want to go
and get sounds of syndication guys it's
available right now look at the artwork
is absolutely incredible it's available
on iTunes everyone is leaving a review
I'm making sure I hit you guys have fun
to a saying thank you so much for that
but we're gonna go download it the
trucks are amazing I am going to show
you the last track looking at Napoleon
dreams supporting Lisa Mitchell
supporting all these artists by putting
this mixtape out there but what I also
want to tell you guys about is totally
not my laptop trying to do an update
right there but the sound of syndication
is actually like a bundle put together
it comes with like the actual CD a
poster a pimp badge and a sticker like
super awesome bundle that you guys can
get I believe it ships worldwide I'm not
too sure the price and I think all the
details are down here but if you guys
want to go and get this which is the
original artwork as a official sign
poster from myself then the first
thousand people to buy this will get a
signed version of me so if you guys want
to go and get it I'll put a link down
description
I really really appreciate this port on
this guy's if we can get this into like
the top five or even top ten in the
album total chats right now it's at 21
if we can get this to top 10 I will
fuckin I don't know I'll go skydiving
naked some shit so if we can make this
up and guys I really appreciate it go
and support will support the artists and
it's so fucking awesome thank you not no
guys I'm going to bed so thank you very
much for watching sorry today's been a
bit of a potato vlog I would have liked
to have done a bunch of stuff we could
have ventured round New York and then
headed over to Chicago later on at night
if I knew the flight was gonna be so
delayed but unfortunately shit happens
so we'll just see what another day can
host for us and I guess I'll see you
guys tomorrow
6 p.m. UK time for my new vlog you want
to leave a like rating let's try and hit
20 3739 if we can hit that and someone
can screenshot and send it me do it
immediately but until tomorrow thanks
what
and goodbye
