it's forgetting - oh it's not even
snowing man I tell you actor I'll tell
you something I was hoping it it snowed
then we would wake up to a white
Christmas an alarm code in oh oh oh yeah
that's right you keep going don't you
look don't you pillow my on my road like
you usually do you always take a turd
around here nice it's quite hefty and
large do I know you're always ok and
you'll eat how are you doing
you okay you look okay you're right
what's up dude
foot foot foot foot foot foot foot I
want to make sure she's OK for yesterday
no she seems to be eating fine so I'll
keep my eye on her and hopefully she'll
be a-okay and if she's still got
anything our system she'll poop it out
cap you collected and it's time for well
I'm not gonna do it to you just because
not before my friend oh you really do
look cute hello okay he's like more
ahead he's gonna be yeah I'll get it
no it's okay it's okay it's okay it's
okay you look cute for a whole two
seconds I got ya see do that
hey play with it it's not tomorrow yet
it was a Santa hat sir
Dean England Christmas is tomorrow
my granddad wants to give gifts the day
before not too sure why wine foot sir
okay so Lydia looks absolutely stunning
sterling dead smart I look smart from a
pity chocolate Center Christmas Eve it's
just so contradictory because when I
went last time to go pick up girls
president I was like I'm not that person
I'm not stupid enough to go Christmas
Eve I believe you've met last minute oh
just give me something anything
yeah I think I've done all my Christmas
shopping I'm just trying to make sure if
not I can at least pick something up
also feeling very kind of into the
weather I'm kind of fighting as much as
that kind of feel I feel all my bones
feel weak
but yeah wonder why yeah I mean system
dropped drunk too much looks like
exactly what I want to eat on Christmas
Eve
yes yes I've no idea what this dishes
yep
Christmas Eve Christmas it why are we
here on Christmas Eve why why why well
it's casual it's almost like a standard
Saturday or something like that it's
kind of like a step well it's kind of
like your standard Saturday like it's
really not too bad but it's familiar but
but it's like a Saturday but on a Sunday
this is trainer shop this is where I got
these shoes from I'm gonna try and see
if I can find anything nice what's up ah
I've always wanted these shoes thoughts
yeah oh my god yeah look to wear those
in public no I'll just take this really
dirty shoe off I don't take that one
this one bad new yeah look will they
notice well I can definitely say happy
with these now I've taken off my
particular trainers and I've gone for
these bad boys
very nice very sleek very clean
something new for Christmas
oh yeah look at that look at that sassy
bootie up there I love it
busiest day of the year and the trumpet
semia Christmas Eve what does Lydia do
what does she do wear khakis Worcester
khakis sick thank God I bought some new
trainers cuz I'm definitely gonna be
walking home no no no no shame shame
shame shame shame
and you found the keys not mine
I was really expecting you to say you
didn't have them so last time we came to
trust are you lost our presence I know
you lost your car keys
you're just very lucky that was very
nice people to work at traps Andrew
handing stuff right always do the right
thing what's the fun be nice and festive
Christmas Eve you've got a nice little
band playing I love you baby
beautiful finally I found rose baking
look what did you give me mango and
silent I did I even picked up a
watermelon effective a watermelon and
thought no she said melon and I picked
up nah yeah oh you clearly just woke up
that are you high or something are you
feeling you okay
okay you seem okay okay okay oh my god
can you stick your tongue out to be
little cat hello what are you looking at
like seriously but that's like
terrifying only you've not brought a
gift for my class no Brenda did my
children what about Steve case you're
not having your gift until you get them
this alright and what is this big box
well mine for use bigger yep
don't just said that you didn't say
anything I've just made him a brownie
spill it you didn't even say anything
even owned up to it
ok even mention it you're just gonna
leave it my cats are on crack there's so
much stuff for them to play with in this
room that they're just like yeah this
place looks like a bomb went off it and
I love it in just an FYI
Lydia wrap my Grandad's Christmas
present she's actually the best thing
that's ever happened to me oh my god
this is incredible now you can open your
eyes that's your told you told you it's
bigger than mine can you guess what
oh that's good wrapping that any
granddad he's done that yeah he's with
the product could I can argue - I'll
give you 20 quid later you've been
naughty you're not getting a little
Christmas tree look Oh okay she's proper
like please don't take those there's so
much to play with by now getting like
downstairs hey how much money would you
spend for this kind of wrapping have you
seen this this is at least that's like
I'd pay to 80 quid an item philosophy
wrapped I'm just saying you boy you are
you know this is really not book babe
that is amazing this is gonna like a
Tom's finally become a man he's got a
girlfriend and two cats I usually wrap
my presence in tin foil but rather than
tin foil this year they're so smartly
wrapped in silver Oh Lydia
oh you good also can I just point out
what she's made he's these eight knows
the icons but they're not icons are they
are they pinecones these pinecones she's
made these do you make them at school
she spray-painted them in pain of gold
with glitter on silver well done that's
a gold sorry but they look amazing
absolutely incredible
well oh by the time this video goes live
spoilers but by the time this video goes
live sorry yeah they'll know they've
already open the presents spoiler a
receipt garden watching grandad Karen
hopefully no scratches on that thing but
um yeah you know I said I bought new
shoes today yeah kind of forgot to put
one I thought it was dry out it's it's
not dry it's really not right and
another note failures I've just at Lydia
no job by the way people that always
like you always make you do everything
Liddy's a very very kind person and
officer do things I usually wrap my
presence in tin foil just cuz that's how
I like to do it but she was like no no
I'll do it I'll do fine if you want to
do it then you can do it she's wrapped
them all but then I forgot this is one
gift
got to rap so I think I will be wrapping
this in tinfoil
look at me grounded I'm not bloody Santa
Claus Hey
not only have I had wagons driving over
Milan smash it on my path look at these
horse hooves me hey this all what the
fuck yo oh my god how do you even manage
this I'll ring you I'll just ring you
every past 12 o'clock I'll ring you
you've got to be kidding me that has
done so much damage to my garden wow wow
wow wow wow why would a horse come down
here this is not a public path by the
way the public putts on that side this
is actually my line I don't know what's
all that how's the horse doing this well
obviously it's a hot spot
suck it what I won't forget to give it
him get out of here go on take your
stallion and giddyup jokes don't think
I'm gonna do you know in the army you
know the metal hedgehogs I think metal
spikes yeah I think I'm just gonna
install them all the way down here maybe
some barbed wire somewhere that maybe
I'll stop people drive it into it but
next news someone probably reversed and
smashed into my fence it's my boy well
I'll be looking at CCTV to find out
which horse rider that was and be
sending them a gardening bill that's all
you know what it's Christmas
you don't yet know that there's like a
method once you learn it and you've
actually taught yourself how to do it
then it's just easy part a pothead some
cheese and crackers with the white beer
I'm on thank you thank you
cheese can't really go off though can it
I really don't think geez can Bob if
anything you can just get more mature
yeah
it's time for a story so what I've not
been able to speak about for ages in the
vlog is the fact that be worked out at
Disney while she was at Disney she has a
friend called Jose now Jose Spanish dude
really nice guy I met before I think
he's actually been in the vlog
previously but anyway they were like oh
we're gonna see children Christmas and
he was no we're not gonna see each other
oh no what a shame she even shipped him
off his Christmas present all that sort
of stuff but lo and behold we're gonna
pick him up from the airport she has no
idea I was in the house today
and I just went oh oh it's just like but
she's like that upset that he's not
gonna be here
she's come a little bit mad but she's
not mad okay so I'm gonna go to the
airport now pick him up drive to the the
house where everyone's out like all the
fun way and then I'll soon it's gonna be
timing video and then oh wait why does
it stop out random good Spanish guy yeah
they go through Spanish guy come in the
rooms oh that's fun it makes let's make
shit happen oh no cut hair on it
oh yeah so I'm basically hoses their
hoses got through security
I'm relate but to be fair he is early so
it's my friend I've known Jose I'll go
and don't worry we're always late to
everything
I'd be late to my own funeral like
honestly but we'll be with you in a
minute so hopefully Terminal 3 which I
think he may be in terminal 3 you met
for the first time second oh man
yesterday stay cozy my friend stay
frosty Jose my friend my friend what are
you yeah okay yeah you wait there
we'll be there in one minute we'll be
there in one minute right just stand
there and then when you see Mercedes
start waving your hands up in the air
okay and we'll see you all right okay
okay then don't wave your hands in the
air will find you
we'll just find you don't worry about
right we'll see you all right we love
you my friend adios
he's Spanish I can say I do Jose Jose
Oh Jose my friend my friend Jose he's my
friend
it's Jose father this guy's trying to
run you over
my friend operation hose where is it
Jose yo I by the way I nearly ruined it
yesterday yeah close because right oh
really
by the way she was so sad about your
package
on time and stuff by everyday there's
been so many moments you know what you
said yesterday
oh yeah we were talking to say oh you
know you scared that you're not coming
because otherwise I would be really
close with you because you know all the
packets leaning on a staff can you come
I would be really close this might be
really awkward now you'll be you'll be
fight she'll be so happy literally just
says range consumption may be like 0
km/h
but he says zero and then a second ago
it went into winding mode right we
really need this to be a pay the pump
option if not
yeah we're fucked oh it's a good idea X
petrol station
which we don't we hope it's open we're
hoping yes yes save us not even we read
we talking about we worried right right
yeah let's risk it
let's see we can make you home Oh oh my
God look at him he's like please just
get me there please all right
we're fully filled up we cannot not
break down now we're fine I mean we
cannot let Street I sell to the good
life Oh date on the plan right so B is
currently not at the PI that would go
into I like get to go that we're going
to she's going home so we're gonna rush
to the party now Jose your plan is to
just settle this over smooth operator we
were like hey get some flowers from the
petrol station he was like she doesn't
like flowers yeah so so that's what I
think that's what I'm gonna do we've
just got to make sure that we get to
that by for any minute she's gonna be
here so rush it into the house we know
we at sea right now we were gliding my
heart is racing
don't know
so I didn't even get to see you it's
nice to see you tonight
thanks for the cheer you know is
successful Matt when you're leaving with
pretzels so thank you very much how
alone did that good just as your fund
was it good it was amazing Oh success
like Oh Lydia this is gonna be our cat's
first Christmas yeah there's 10:00 to
midnight come on
it is officially I feel like I should
have a party poppers
I'm watching every boy yes again
continuing with the goblet of yeah by
the way the reason why I'm enjoying
watching this so much is because Lydia's
read all the books and listen to him all
so she knows all the facts about all the
cats about everything so I can drop a
like if I'm confused humble I explained
and she doesn't it's min so what are you
doing what are you doing the back
kitties it's Christmas it's Christmas
goodies it's your first ever Christmas
in your life Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas we'd love you even if you did
poop on the sofa and even if you did eat
some fishing wire yesterday or whatever
it was we love you we love you a lot now
if you'd like to get out feel free to
jump you know why his look they again
tag-teamed ones inside the box the bag
ones outside it so inside outside and
there slowly together scratching and
destroying it so look he's doing the
outside job she's doing you know what
it's not bad not bad
just like that Harry Potter is over
little kitty oh you need flashlights on
little kitty cats Merry Christmas
Christmas Christmas and the Christmas
may you have eaten a balloon I'm glad
you're okay and not in the hospital at
Christmas so her eyes go where'd they
look hello
mmm a Merry Christmas you would have
been on your own this year if we didn't
get your brother but I think you were
happy that we did get him because you're
a happy little kitty cat is now
Christmas Eve Christmas Day so thank you
very much for watching make sure you
leave a like crane
subscribe I hope you are watching this
on Christmas Day your friends your
families go over alone know what no
matter what wherever you are the world
hope you have a very Merry Christmas and
a very happy day and hope Santa brought
you everything that you asked for but
thanks for watching thank you for being
with me for so long and yeah time to see
what the Christmas is going to be like
this year a kitties that they're
actually just gonna be staying at home
I'm gonna feed them and leave them for
the rest of the night so you can't say
I'm gonna get nothing but I still need
to wrap their presents
there on the shelf over there so thanks
for watching I love you guys but make
sure you follow me on Twitter at Pro
syndicate on instagram at syndicate and
you guys can follow me every second of
the day of christmas day so much love
and I saw the hot muffins
