five o'clock in morning I'm just like
going to bed and like about to pass out
and I see a tweet from scumpii of a
video of a think a spider that's massive
so I've come in checking it out and said
what you killed it look at that fucking
thing bro you're letting Italy what did
you kill it for you're letting that
thing live which started to kill it huh
oh god what is it dude
did you burnt it no it got stomped that
is a fucking that is a beast whoa
that's fucking so that might be one of
the biggest spiders over singing I slide
do I look a spider is you should have
seen the fucking why did you kill it
look at it if we're gonna kept as a pet
god damn it's comfy explain to me your
fear of finding a spider in your house
you adventure please is refusing to boys
feet on the floor is that the reason why
that angers minute yeah it makes me so
upset
you're like staring at the corner do
that scared of it no it's okay the
reason why that angers me so much is
because I preach it and preach it and
preach it to everyone in this house if
you go out the back doors you close them
yeah no way that thing I get like like I
think that thing didn't crawl through
like a keyhole or anything this
motherfucker open the door walked in
itself it was like yo I'm with but he
was right here and he was trying to go
home he was right here he knows home he
was trying to get and use in house et
phone home but a beautiful day Nick
let's go play on Nick's not here ambos
cut damn it
surely big time is in what no one's in
the uptick house I guess that means I'm
going out for the day other of sweet god
it's hot oh I'm wearing all black I'll
black everything huh I have had way too
much trouble in his dress recently from
life being flies and just ten stuff in a
chair so I'm opening my search for an
hour and I'm gonna come out looking like
a potato so you'll see me now yes I am
now in my official mode of a potato I'm
so relaxed that was whoa whoa whoa whoa
you guys are some big-ass birds now
flippy that good morning kids
there good morning good morning I am
back looking like one potato with flat
head set off a shower to get rid of all
the oil off my body
yes I was lubricated like a slug but now
I'm gonna be lubricating my buddy with
Cheesecake Factory just doesn't sound
right no matter where you say it could
be fair the only reason I can cheesecake
back true
it's for the free bread I just got a
shitload to food don't eat it but I hate
the bread so if you ever come here I
think this is called pumpernickel so
good like 10 out 10 good Oh
mac and cheese ball on a scale of 1 to
10 how much do you want this mac and g
ball when you works our chicken sliders
what you a piece of this couch gun then
I got chicken jambalaya
I said chicken clucks you Tramp we are
hardly any of the food so I decided to
take little bog boggy what a little
doggy box of treats like chicken slider
and a mac and cheese ball without
late-night midnight snacks it fucks a
fog shake that went so wrong so quickly
oh for God's sake I've got cheese all
over me
Oh funny that is it this I can throw
another Alexis please show the internet
what you found
oh my gosh amazing these guys have got
life sauce out this guy is riding a
suitcase it's an electric suitcase with
a hand
what I mean like look at that thing it's
amazing oh my god they have live system
that is the meaning of life right there
in a nutshell if that's the meaning of
life right there in a suitcase high-five
girl if I want your pizza through social
class I'm gonna
what the fuck's our combo it was sunny
no it's fucking wet like look at Alexis
she looks like a drying chipmunk ginger
wah-wah
what do you think I was gonna say this
is the new summer look that I'm going
for as well as Alexis looking absolutely
incredible if we would have met them
funds we would be if we would have up to
survive I've been dry as anything
absolutely five it was a pleasure to
meet you guys thank you for being super
awesome but like within the second of
policy and say hello to them we got so
wet through high five
no more selfies you're like oh you're in
the vlog and those are important don't
you didn't ask them if they want me in
the placement it could be the vlog yeah
no yeah it did okay yeah and now we're
completely silhouette through we're
stuck it oh wait was it five o'clock
yeah nearly five o'clock thunderstorms
oh yeah
Oh mother God that is a rainbow and a
half plan here to fuck just look at it
we're going to mykos games instead this
is a fucking sick remix let's see what
the drops like Ernie holy shit
if it on knows what this remix is please
let me know in the comments and for me
to try the infamous Paterno's hot dogs
not two Shores - what the hell's going
on here
it looks peak up inside this restaurant
is incredible it's all themed like I
want to say like 50s Mafia or 30s map
it's more that okay my dating is
probably really really up it looks so
fucking cool 11 o'clock at night I still
look like a potato what is that woman's
face looking so fucking scary that's
kind of petrifying like what the hell's
she doing camels set you right yeah
she'll say you're actually gonna steal
your kidneys okay I'm totally not
refirming this Cup again because she
wants me to film it in her onesie Wow
Wow whoa no no I love it I think it's
amazing but I've now got a refill this
entire clip so Alexis you're you're an
excuse to pretend I'm filming you so I
can film this guy's blue tubes of
earpiece you ready
Wow it's amazing he's doing 24 about me
right time to review the year the the
chocolate milk was it called it's a milk
check now let's gonna call it hot
chocolate a chocolate milk
hoodie now that's amazing
I mean what with this thing this thing
is a myth I'm done with your shit right
you're locking another car when it's
raining now you just keep fall upon me
my shot I'm gonna throw up
Oh our backup patil owes and this time
we got the beef but we didn't get it dip
so it's not all soggy
it looks ten times better and smells
like heaven kind of looks really good
why is it blurry it looks kind of weird
but you know what it's all so damn good
look at it that's basically I just had
so good this time it was that good
thought I'd probably read it an eight
point seven out of ten for till OHS you
did good I like check listen I found the
spider in the garage and you like to
watch this vlog tomorrow
I felt that stuff up slider I am not
fucking with you it could be anywhere in
your room and I'm not joking I found it
the moment I walked in I thought of you
I want to bring it you buy realizers at
the cinemas serious problems so so enjoy
enjoy sleep in a bed tonight comfortable
it not knowing where it is okay dude
what is wrong like these are the types
of jokes that aren't okay like fill my
room with balloons fucking PME doing
spider Slee well dude I'm only Messing I
did not actually put a spider in scums
room I actually didn't know he's that
terrified of it but like he's petrified
so the fact that he managed to kill that
spider yesterday boys were mind that
even touched it but that's got me
thinking that if he's if he's that
scared of spiders and I managed to
really really convince him that put
spider in his room I'm tempted to go to
a pet shop buy a trench Allah and put it
on his bed or on his desk so like get
someone to calm upstairs Erin out the
bathroom put the trench shot on his desk
and then when he comes back he knows I
see a tarantula crawl around so if this
video I'm gonna say this hits 60 6666
likes I will do it and you only
you keep quiet about it I know there's
people you'd be like oh I'm gonna go
tell him but like let's go for it if we
can hit the target then I'll make sure
to it mean hacks will execute the plan
so headaches better not be scared by
this way if we can hit that number of
pranks come
what to give me out of temper
presentation to solve a yes well Nick's
in his room for once and then when I go
in here
Casey's playin and Jesus is sleeping
this work out town so thank you very
much for watching guys I'm going to bed
look after your faces make sure you
subscribe for daily vlogs and share with
your friends until tomorrow thanks for
watching and adios
