a plant into the didn't entered and lax
another day of stressing to get the vlog
uploaded in the car on the way over I
was like using LTE to try and upload it
at one point was like two minutes
remaining to order 10 minute walk I was
like and then obviously it turned out to
be like 25 so that kind of sucks but I'm
here at LAX heading over to Chicago to
go hang out the optic dudes do some
collabs over there it's gonna be awesome
heading out there for a week so let's
get this show on the road no joke I lost
my suitcase I don't know whether I left
it over there near the crowd or left it
just restaurant I genuine have no idea
what I did with my suitcase yeah thank
you very much for finding that a Fisher
I was like I feel like I am missing a
very big object right now is like a for
my wallet my everything nicely thank you
so much
there you go he's going through all my
stuff like who does this belong to so
luckily I found it I left it in the
restaurant sorry in the in the bakery
and then I still he walked away from it
so luckily he didn't check in otherwise
how to miss my flight because my flights
boarding right now greatest holiday
next up Chicago one more little Chicago
also
I like this shirt so I ended up London
and we're about 20 feet away from the
gate for us to get off the plane and
leave but a stall has just come in
because the storms come and it's Karl
all the power in the air
so they can't use the electric room to
come down
so we're still waiting on the fucking
runway
and to light the powers back on the ramp
to move so yeah literally stuck in the
middle of a stall luckily didn't happen
when we were in the air because it's
like huge lightning crazy winds and
stuff like there's like our delays to
all connecting fire Sampson and luckily
we're on the ground
after an hour of being on the plane
we're finally finally off it so lex's
pick me up from the airport so we will
meet her now they've been stuck there
for maybe I want to have waiting for me
so sorry because I'm so happy to be in
Chicago yeah
we made it to Bob Chin's and let said I
have to film in here apparently is
amazing I'm like it's pretty impressive
I better be able to order one enough the
menu and one of them I want both and
because your mum doesn't like shellfish
underwater three what's that why would
you I don't want to propel a tripod
Chin's world's famous my type
no I might absolute run which is how
this restaurant is absolutely massive
what this is the busiest biggest
restaurant I've ever seen possibly in my
life this place must be that good cuz
this is the size of the menu and there's
something on the menu for one hundred
and twenty dollars twenty four ounces of
Alaskan or a red king crab legs I'm
ordering it we asked for a garlic bread
and this is what arrived nope
sub-options lobster tail really don't
like it just hits the water for the my
time so that is world famous its nine
out of ten I was good fat I've got a six
ounce sterling steak instead I'll tell
you what
it's pretty good even a tower tense that
is that good I like it the sweet potato
though no whoa whoa whoa whoa someone
turned up to this crab house in style
look at that we're facing nice whoa oh
my god this place that there Tommy I
have to film super dog with hot dogs on
the top yeah it is genuinely raining
cats and dogs outside I'm trying to warm
up to try and see if I can catch it
right because is it like lutton's
discusses the torrential storm
torrential storm torrential storm
torrential sort of fucking Haitian
Coggins I am little generally being
bullied by Lex my mother under grandma
this is this is a try way of vlogging
vlogging anything hatred you know what
just drop me off here I'll just film the
storm I'm gonna show you know
look okay she's gonna show you were
gonna show me cava lading that she's
mean no she's actually really nice to me
she's I think I'm growing on her can't
believe it isn't whether I brought the
waterproof coat oh I lied and I
officially love Chicago radio stations
look at the song turn it off Shelly
turn it up Oh oh my god they're adorable
it always have woke you up select bean
awesome got me a gift from Canada right
now I'm wearing a t-shirt I'm gonna get
changed since the watch she bought and
while ad she got me a red stripe you
want a which gets even better because it
comes with a built-in book this is like
straya one of the coolest things ever me
and Lex always play fans versus zombies
sure she painted our characters from the
game look how amazing these are oh my
goodness so you'd be like oh that's the
manly one nope I played as the sunflower
because it was the most badass one you
could heal the characters and like to
run around as that character so thanks
for paying them thanks for healing me
all this money I was twice it I'm twice
a better player than yet anyway but like
I'm gonna try and somehow smuggle these
back to the UK so I can keep them there
forever yeah I'm staying here for week I
am back in my debate of the optic house
I see my alcohol still here psych that's
not the alcohol from me that's new
alcohol because apparently threw a party
last night and there was like 40 50 plus
people here and as I came to the house
there was like four cars full of people
like crammed with people like four see
it causes like eight people of it I was
like what the fuck is going on am i
turning upon the throne another pie
isn't like that like what the shit is
happening and like as I walked up all
these people in the cars outside were
like oh yeah blues apart
and I was like not fuckin really so
we're long story short someone set a
tetra on say is a part of the optic
house everyone turned up here but
they're not going to know because there
is no fucking party so weird
introducing the world's best dancer did
you see my tweet did you see what dudes
going through my phone I just randomly
found it I have to say it right now Krim
I keep looking up to me big time only
does this really give it this mosquito
mosquitoes mesquite I don't I'll eat
anything - I will eat literally eat
mosquitoes in this house no no I was
about to eat dust how did how was your
trip to Mexico now dude I've not been
drinking so long I feel like I'm like
I'm dying now for dessert being who lays
early in these Funyuns that Seth so
happily bought there's some freshmen but
bunions no one fucking in bunions and
I'm even politely out of a plight so
Seth thank you crimson thank you you're
keeping me alive at this house we also
need to plan pranks on formal because he
stole my room that I'm supposed to be
living in in the uptick house but now he
fucking stole it so I mean a so gonna
compromise you got ideas Oh
leave some comments down below of how we
can prank formal and if you fucking go
and tell formal that we're planning
something I'll kill you one Funyun at a
time that this onesie is amazing but
we're gonna test out the bone flap to
see if it's useful I'll return with a
review in a second but the ad says to
taking a dump in the onesie was amazing
ladies and gentlemen welcome to home
sweet holy fuck it's messy don't worry
this isn't per Margie's mess this is
aces cuz this is gonna be my home this
is my bed for the week whilst I'm
staying out in Chicago I thought I was
gonna stay down in the other room but
obviously farmer moved into itself
I'm gonna go tweet farm or tell him to
get the fuck out of there but yeah this
is home sweet home not using anything
not touch anything really appreciate per
module let me stay and use his bed
instead so this is a this is home sweet
home
thank you but you guys actually wanna do
be awesome all tweet at pamaj I'll put
the links down below on Twitter so you
can hit them up and just be like thank
you for letting Tom's at the house he
would be homeless without you much love
many impress much thanks
oh my god this bed their life of a
vlogger boys this will I say life of a
vlogger but you can clearly tell I'm so
setup for iPhones I've got my double
adapters with two USB charges in um what
would got my battery pack that can
charge my iPhone six times got a battery
pack that can charge my phone like one
and a quarter times and then I've got my
razor mini Leviathan our Leviathan mini
really charging up for them tunes and
also if I plug up this K but we've also
got my uh my other Murphy charging so
I'm ready to go and make the vlogs
wherever I need to be I'm stuck here
editing the vlog I'm why I love doing it
on the iPhone I love all that sort stuff
I love that I've now got a drone that I
could do these cool drone shots with and
I can't put them on my iPhone and all
that sort stuff for what I really want
to try and do is maybe one week even
this month to actually know there's
men's nearly over week next month I want
to do a whole week of daily vlogging
using a g7 X camera like a
point-and-shoot camera that nearly every
daily vlogger uses GoPros for like going
doing sporty stuff and the drone footage
all in proper call in edit on my laptop
and I think I could do that for a week
straight to see how things go because I
read a comment recently I'm gonna other
on the vlogs it's like Tom you know like
you've got like two million subscribers
your vlog views of growing it every day
and every day and every day and like the
past like month on the vlogging channel
have done nearly 20 million views on the
vlog which is just absolutely insane
like it's been so damn good that I
really really do want to step up my game
of why vlog in the Edit in and all that
sort of stuff but it comes with
consequences you might be like
consequences what the hell the
consequences are making better videos
well hear me out right now I film on my
iPhone I edit on my iPhone and I upload
from my iPhone I don't need anything
else apart from internet just to get the
vlog up whereas if I start editing with
like a g7 X the drone footage
I'll need SD card readers I'll need a
laptop to edit with I'll need a mouse
for all that sort of stuff I've got to
start carrying around so much more
equipment to vlog with and that means
like if I go on a night out with
something or end up staying away and I
don't on my laptop bag with me or
something
there'll be no vlog all the vlog will be
late even though the vlogs are late
anyway I mean will be ridiculously
ridiculously late so the more and more I
think of it the more and more I want to
just stick with the iPhone for
convenience like if I'm out traveling
you know I don't have to worry about
like charging batteries for cameras like
taking all my adapters with me because
everyone in the world has like an iPhone
charger or Samsung charger because
I chat I could charge my iPhone with an
iPhone cable but the case I've gotten it
is a Samsung charger so it charges
through it so I everyone has a charge
where I'm going on my batteries will
never die I'll pretty much never enough
but out of memories have got like 128
gigs in the iPhone itself and it's the
convenience of being able to travel
wherever and whenever and upload just
like that through edit and a few clips
together and they also benefit of dies
the iPhone 7 when that comes out that's
kind of a better camera it's going to be
faster and I'll be able to produce
things much more better and hopefully
you guys will be ok with that because
that is what I want to do but I'm
definitely going to give it a crack next
month of one week of pure vlogging with
a point-and-shoot camera GoPro footage
like all really well produced and with
music on it but we'll see how it goes
it's gonna be a test if you guys are
excited for make sure leave a like
rating but I just want to spoil it by
you guys to see what you guys thoughts
and opinions were hmm what do you prefer
want me to try the whole like
day-in-the-life sort of thing that you
should do in the past
I'll stick with just the normal daily
vlog and I've been doing for the past
nine months let me know it's 4:30 in the
morning I'm going to bed listen German
so thank you very much for watching this
vlog like I said if you guys are excited
for me to do in the one week of like
proper vlogging then make sure you drop
a like green and subscribe for daily
vlog it and as always thank you to
everyone who clicks the share button
down below and puts other Twitter and
Facebook it really helps the vlog grow
and share it out with your friends and
family but I'm going to bed waking up
tomorrow like 9:00 a.m. I just need a
night where I get like 10 hours sleep or
12 hours sleep and I'll just be fine and
surviving but until then I'm just gonna
continue dying and I'm full of mosquito
bites
fucking hate Chicago so far I'm joking I
love it I'm going to bed let me guys
faces and goodbye
