Oh dawn it's a new day it's a new life
for me and I'm with up to qex oh can we
take a minute to appreciate Vermont
right now cleaning up the mess Hector's
like dying on the inside and come on oh
it was yours oh you go fuck yourself I'm
bringing this up again there's nothing
wrong with this headline I love it if
you dis yourself this yourself
oh yeah look at this beautiful weather
light come out so she count ago they
said Tommy it'd be great they said Tom
and I'm fuckin here it's raining we're
gonna get some food an Egg Harbor cafe
no absolutely fuckin bullshit what is
that about him go back in there with
your strap good go in your strap strap
strap strap strap oh sorry I'm not from
Chicago go over there strap and then
fuckin demand expedite this weather is
fucking AIDS well I hope I give the IHOP
a rating out of 10 and the rating out of
10 for I'm hot I'm probably gonna give
it like a 4.5 yeah it wasn't them I rate
everything go really four three three
four come on outta ten creeps
dude you shit look good hex on temp to
that I hope work all right boys it's
time we get this setup rockin and
a-rollin right now it's facing that way
but I might actually fall if it round so
it's facing outwards so I don't really
like what I'm streaming or making videos
I don't like knowing people come to
behind me and I was weird be behind me
without them seeing them so I might flip
this entire set up that way and put it
back to normal afterwards but we're
gonna set this up so we can make some
videos today like started by I'm
appreciating the self much more now just
throw the TV of the room and I get it to
guest bedroom this but because it's for
a recording I'm putting it there
way I can put the PC in front of it so
the microphone will pick up a lot of PC
probably push it back a little bit
further but I'm liking this because it
gives you a little corner in the room -
lets tear out like being you kept a bit
of a solid background so you can put
your webcam on here and have some
artwork in the back like the per margin
stuff and then you can face the rooms if
anyone's gonna win or it you kept the
can't come in without you seeing them so
no one's sneaking up on me and scaring
the shit out of me so we hook up the
computer why are everything up
we gaming setup obviously we still need
a few lot of tweaking to get PlayStation
and Xbox in here you need to get all my
stuff worked up I got my razor a little
Bussard dude for recording with so
that's like nah my new capture card and
I can bike Pitt Street PC stream xbox
stream all that console stuff that I
need to do from that so let's go and
hunt down the rest of the headings I
need okay then they were like hey you'll
be able to find a mix up in here tom wow
this is like wow swag you've got just in
this hidden back room
there's the Xbox I'll probably is the
one in it well the race fucking convene
what the fuck is this burn do mean wash
wash I should do that for prank if this
video gets 50,000 like ratings I will
shut that off tomorrow in the morning
and get everyone's reaction winner like
there's no water there are actually
doing a tournament so maybe after the
tournament I don't fuck with the teen
spirit you can't even see me what the
fuck I'm doing this gum I'm taking over
the stream wait what the fuck was my
shit oh my god oh fucking hell
dude yes put that on the fucking video I
want that right now for my channel holy
shit that's what I'm talking about bro
hit you witness that I just jumped on a
skunks game and I was like down and then
I'm I should just fucking bring it back
and kick ass I'm so fucking stoked yo
first game on called you and I went 13
11 fuck yes now we're doing the podcast
this time if this gets you ready for
this X ready yeah when the when this is
out I'll link it so damn sudden that's a
wrap big t thanks for having me on the
podcast preciate it buddy appreciate it
me on an Ambo oh there's a bear the
loose in the neighborhood hex knows
someone rubbed off part of my quote and
he's filling it back in and your writing
is ten times better than mine that's too
sharp make the most of it
well make the most it may make the most
a hex I just choked as if you knew Mike
oh wait we still going of it how do you
spell it
really do you really want this beautiful
fuck are you signing it oh okay little
bit shopping good fines alcohols for the
house and mean Hecate all the ladies
we're gonna make this shit okay listen
right so I've seen balls of Jager my
life this is a nice little pocket size
what Texas this is good size all right I
will but then this is like probably the
biggest UK says when you could get look
at this pretty good thanks I need you to
hold that for me for size of scale okay
and now I'm gonna show you the American
sighs what normal sized bottle American
sized bottle whole room sewers dude this
would murder me 1.75 liters of
Jagermeister
I'm
yes come here for two days keep her
going keep her going heck show him what
we got Shawn what we got the bigan the
baby oh my gosh oh I'm not sure if I
want to drink alcohol tonight
what the fuck of the chance of this mean
hex just rolled up in here and his shits
going crazy but did Shawn bro that is
crazy all right it did actually take us
50 minutes in Tahoe because it was eight
no it was it was 801 it took us 50
minutes there was 801 when we decided to
come here either way what's going on
right I look so fucking pale anyway
right now who wrote we got other stuff
and we are rolling back to Delta cows
getting drinks inside us and beginning
and I kind of worry with what's going on
upstairs first why is there so many
people queuing upstairs
what but the answer it's for a comedy
club inside a mall might be the one with
the big fuckin sign outside say hello to
the camera
let me see it let me see dude it's not
that bad oh my god
bows bows money B yeah I could not be
happier right now to have this I just
hope it doesn't get into the root of
dealing drugs and shooting people
we can only hope probably I'd say what
there's probably one person I would be
disappointed you didn't come out tonight
and it's this guy right now oh you've
been on edge on that like I don't know
and my dear I might not Amy's coming out
sure
is really really weird
we made it how how you feeling that's
really nice of you that's so respectful
to run listen if they want fries they
can throw themselves out that window if
they weren't in fries I ordered chicken
nuggets chicken sandwiches and chicken
meals no fries can be honored tonight so
much alcohol on this table but the same
time there was never any alcohol in this
table so I am going to die tonight I
said is that Tom Syndicate died Tom
citic it died with up toccata him dose
but no seriously there's there's so much
alcohol in this building right now it's
ridiculous
I am in the complete opposite building
where I should be but there I bought
1.75 liters of alcohol and there's like
three liters left I mean zero fuck so I
appreciate the love I appreciate the
views I appreciate their I preached the
father ace turned up ace was like a
wizard ace was like a fucking wizard of
the night like he was there when we need
him there if only there was like if only
there was a ginger fuck that we could
love and appreciate if all there was
ginger person we could love in uptick
I'm totally not a kid anywhere right now
Oh Seth you just happened to be that
really appreciate about it
if only you were you did soldered
no give me that trust give me an outro
no give me an actual outro an outro yeah
an outro Aprovecho Oh a youtuber outro
hi this is Ben your boy time syndicate
the fucking legend himself thank you
guys so much for watching leave a thumbs
up if you enjoy it really helps out the
channel that's always this was your boy
optic syndicate the fuck that me you
yourself right now blows my look this is
my number one upset go no no no this is
my newborn optic homie
I do not care it doesn't care it is mine
this is my number one octagon me from
the entire trip to Chicago so good sir
hey fist bump fist bump dude honestly he
could have barreled in us tonight so
fucking hard but I window says and he
was like I'm fucking rolling out I was
like bitch ever
no just let it happen I was never
I heard you just like happens you rowdy
folks just let it happen
big Tampa big Tanner what Tom just let
it happen
