last a New Zealand that it's raining you
can't even see the top of the mountains
and the problem means we can't go up it
there is not that that sucks hot it's a
new dawn it's a new day
New Zealand yet again elating Tom looked
like a potato yes he does
shower changed and fresh and it only
apparently takes ten minutes to get so
tapas gondola and the bottom the gun
dealers apparently only two minutes walk
away so I'm gonna try and motivate these
two mother truckers to get up there they
don't want to do it I'm gonna do it
probably risk missing my flight to LA
but yeah bring campervan boring camper
fun amazing his testicles are taking the
street last time I mean the serial as
fast as I can I could try and get up
that hill because a nice bit of sunshine
is raining down on us and I won't be
able to catch this on my video so let's
eat sleep no bollocks refuel energized
concept angle adventure oh what a day I
want a lovely day this was a campsite we
were staying actually really really nice
the showers will awesome new a for you
as well but come on ice houses on the
side just so majestic it sound like you
holiday park probably the best part
we've been to so far but if we adventure
this work with died here say my hands
out my pockets if we adventure this way
aha
there is the gondola now I couldn't wait
for them dudes but I don't know how long
we're gonna be so I'm just going to do
it anyway and would you just look at
that this is what I'm here to try so
let's go get tickets yeah
my ticket on road again on my own this
time but at least I'm on the road again
adventuring and yeah inside the trip
with my own little one so I can vlog and
I have someone sat right there staring
me like what the hell is he doing
you can ignore the raindrops you can see
the view maybe from your flash you'll
see it look at that view
Wow can I focus behind it whoa I focus
behind the raindrop look at that
absolutely beautiful but realized is a
window oh wait what a minute what
that's a bungee jump ohh oh my god am I
good am i doing my do I might do it if
it's open I'm gonna do it oh my god I
did not know that was here yes let's be
absurd it's beautiful luge slush viewing
deck mm-hmm this is the right direction
this is the right direction
oh dang oh my goodness me that is
absolutely incredible
but oh and I think I should go up here
right down I'm so excited
so majestic this is just another day in
the life of Tom I am so okay this is
just absolutely incredible I'm teaching
rainbow this will get in our ride and
I'm gonna race down so make first like
once
unlike the slow route I think yeah like
a slower version but I'm gonna cane it
down obviously yeah hope you like the
helmet that wants I'm done with that I
can come back up and do another one if
you've got time I'll do it but I might
not have time so after wait and see okay
I'm gonna do it 100
and I'm of age oh hi so I'm trying to
this one huh with this only very stupid
for the same time I don't really care
okay I'm not for fun Don Nicola enjoy
the ride wherever I asked out indeed
that is open
11 I may do it but at the same time not
because bungee jumper once we have it
nice to locate Jay and Michelangelo you
glad you came over
dude Jay thoughts yeah it's pretty damn
impressive you Angela you know I work it
right you should shoot this before you
know
isn't something good ask food ok look at
that pastry enjoy Danish Oh what oh my
gosh why did we not have dinner up here
fortunately these two haven't got time
to do the bobsleigh so we're actually
gonna do instead we're gonna go take a
selfie on the front and I'm gonna have
to head off on our journey and try and
get the camper van back in time so come
on Jay we're taking our goodbye fault
all together all these adorable little
toys and stuff for kids and then you
come over here and you've got genuine
sheepskin nipple warmers genuine possum
for Lily warmer and what the heck much
more okay then look how much fun they're
having you could have been doing that
but no
I mean pretty sure this girl pretty sure
this would only seat a book I don't see
any stuff saying no so there's no
stacking Yolo also must have shout out
to Nick who was just been there just
bumped into us and said oh well that
backpack in New Zealand was doing summer
summer school and stuff
advanced advanced science to my hat but
hello to your face sorry I didn't put
you in a vlog would have been made more
sense to have done that but if you watch
this hello
alrighty then it's the race against time
our flight is at 1 o'clock and it's
currently 1156 got all our bikes to
check which means we're probably not
going to make the flight but we can
always try reason I say that is because
we've got to get from where we are now
to the Queen's Queenstown Airport we
have to return the RV but because Jeff
isn't flying home with us
we're gonna give him the RV to return
that instead and we're gonna try and
jump on this flight to get us back to
basically Auckland where we got a like a
stopover at like Wellington or some type
are gonna get to Oakland and then we
gotta fly out from Auckland back to LA
at like 9 o'clock at night something so
we'll just have to wait and see how that
sort of thing goes ok just in case you
don't see you again it's been a pleasure
my friend absolute love you I'm gonna
check I'm gonna run back to you if we
can't make it alright persecute us we're
back good fine high five love you Jay
thanks Riley amazing photos everyone
follow my Instagram incredible I'm gonna
rush to the airport now this is see if
we can even make yourself John then
walking up spending the extra day that's
right Angelo touch my dirty boxes oh
yeah
so hand luggage can only be ten minds
9-point minds 9.8 so that's fine
Angelo's bag was like 20 summer so we
were putting some of his hand luggage in
my bag so he can travel with always
laptop this stuff
what a cute will airport is so tiny this
still got oh wait I thought was
Christmas decorations winters here so
gonna goes through security check all
our stuff off and good to go oh we walk
it on the runway I love this I love
walking to the plane you should always
be made to do this it's so much more
intense but either way we got to get on
our floor now to get us to Wellington
then Auckland
beautiful day for it let's just hope it
won't rain as a committee encounter off
so let's begin the journey but under
under under under
we're close to little of all those what
you get is till I turn on more
transmitting functions Bluetooth Wi-Fi
no destruction small devices eletronic
store on your purse and handle park and
large devices under you safe or if the
rocket got it sweet all your way it's
easy hard you find it right here on this
card or ask your friendly flight
attendant
thanks for flying have a great flight
everyone
Oh dog prints
pretty sure that was only like an hour
long flyer that was now all right our
and then we've got another hours ago
yeah and then we're in Auckland kick
back and chill and if you've got time we
can go for dinner with uh keep cook come
every security point we've gone through
my bags been checked just fall why is
alright all sounds like no liquids no
nothing Angelo just stop giggling cuz he
- she's sneaky this through then he
starts wetting himself because he
managed to fit this through Oh boys CS
cola always launched ultra which is
basically like roulette but if you land
on this bad boy we get 100 times turn
now I've only ever seen someone do it
once and I'm gonna try and do it as soon
as I get my credits everywhere in New
Zealand it just happens to be raining we
made it to Auckland an hour five hours
to wait for an ex-wife absolutely
knackered but I'm going to spend for the
next five hours replying to comments on
a yesterday's blog they're stuck in a
blizzard want everyone seemed to love
itself I'm really really glad it's doing
well I'm also thinking of her I spoke to
Angela boy I'm really changing that
Richard did change the name of my
youtube channel my vlogging channel -
from silicon central to life of top
mineral you guys think about that the
silicon Central's nice but it's not like
it's pop I like life of Tom you guys
think really weird change of plans so
we're set here just eating some
McDonald's and we've got like four hours
until that flight and kim.com hitters
opens like you know if you've got
layover in auckland furlong protects me
and you can come hang out the place so I
did exactly that him up and he sent his
personal driver on his way now it's come
picks up so we'll see Steven again
remember we picked up in the g-wagon so
he's gonna come pick us up
we're gonna go back to his place and
then we'll get dropped off later on so
my students oh snap it's raining but
look who we found Steve what's up man
hey how you doing we're back with the
g-wagen wait I need a high five of you
Wow great to be back right I'm here
wait I'm here with Kim and we're
throwing down a bat right now because
hutch lost his bid what we're gonna do
is we're gonna vom b1 I know like I
won't be one on cod4 right and the
remastered version when it comes out if
you win I'll shave my beard and mustache
and hair and all and I will go full
potato more bald yeah alright alright
what do you do say same take off your
hair how much hair you got yeah
wait so we're gonna let the community
down in the comments pick something as
to what the bet could be bought maybe we
got a shake on it
come here hey ready right deal a deal is
a deal
if I win is one big one that's it all
right I'll breaking controllers that we
manage to absolutely race through
security is now 906 our flight is at 905
I'm George just get these bags checked
and i48v take a look at their is NZ to
Los Angeles go to gate five minute walk
gate 10 it's not closing yet so a good
hopefully Angela's good to go and we can
rock and roll I tried to have this vlog
up today up today ready for tomorrow but
unfortunately it's impossible the 3g
here sucked and we're rushing to the
gate so I want the time to even try at
the gate or anything that there's no
onboard Wi-Fi so I apologize would say
it's like being late 8:10 Los Angeles
let's go it looks like I get you a gate
turn around queue for it
my friend you me Wizards at getting
places on time how we've managed it so
far that how we've existed this trip I
don't know all we can say right now is
Jeff
thank you vlogging away and all of a
sudden just like big group of dudes here
to my side light you want to say hello
it's like cool last tip it's going in
but I definitely want to be in it there
you go
but very nice to meet you all we
actually made it onto this damn plane
Angelo we're we're true wizards right
now true goddamn wizards this is a
business seat and in this I would shoot
him as evil world traveler a premium
economy mum is one of the nicest
primitive communism ever cinema water
tank recline mode activated what glass I
got customers
to ourselves for the sky can't freaking
Drive the Stars we've got some prawns
some garlic bread and drink on the way
and watch it a bit of the flash that's
the guy from prison big and Angelo's
awake
ie my my companionship of the night is
going to bed are you going to sleep well
not in a camper but this is the best
nights that you've ever had in your life
in the past two weeks like oh my god a
bed that's got wet doesn't stink of Jays
boots you got Hey
you don't hit me in Jay fighting on each
other in the night okay
Slee mother and just like Angelo's and
my bed is now made second on well good
morning that was a really easy flight
I've got about 43 minutes left before we
want at dinner watched three episodes of
the flash and then passed out for 8
hours so I am ready to land in Los
Angeles and start day
meanwhile Angelo is still sleeping
Morgan is like a little bear but anyway
yeah
40 minutes remaining and I'm just gonna
kick back and chill it out I did
actually miss breakfast so a bit good
because they had bacon an egg that sucks
but either way I think I don't announce
took at the terminal at LAX looking
secure it's gonna take me about two
hours to get through it I want someone
just tweeted to me saying is that the
vlog has got 30 minutes to be up and if
it doesn't get up by 30 minutes then my
daily vlogging thing I'm now officially
one day kind of late which sucks but
there's nothing I could do about the
time difference so I apologize but
there's nothing I can do about being
stuck in this queue so much look to your
faces if you leave a like rating and a
sad comment saying rip it rip Tom's
daily vlogs I'll catch you guys tomorrow
for the next vlog well I'm absolutely
devastated it took me two and a half
hours to get through Air Force Korea LAX
if I would have managed to get it
actually done quicker I would've got the
vlog or it would have been on time would
have been great but unfortunately now
that means I've done nine months I said
give or take when situations like this
happen
going through airport security or
traveling my time zones messing up well
pretty much it a vlog of every single
day before midnight in the UK and
unfortunately today is the one day that
I didn't go up on time so all I can do
is apologize sorry let myself down I
tried everything my power like internet
on my phone and then at the airport
internet on my phone here in anime
airport the airport Hicks it didn't work
and just nothing work whatsoever so
fucking devastating honestly really
upset about that so now going to get the
bag get the bag and then in today's walk
finally got my bag yay
on that note of receiving it's in Assam
in the next day I have to stop this
fucking stop vlogging the next day so
guys thank you very much for watching
I'm sorry for letting you guys down I
literally tried my best you can ask
Angelo as I try not building the
calendar to the airport try loading at
the airport tried uploading here when we
landed on my phone data that didn't work
nothing works oh sorry letting you guys
down I apologize
shit happens but anyway love you guys
faces thanks for watching see you guys
tomorrow 6 p.m. UK time which should
hopefully be on time and yeah hopefully
you'll enjoy that look so I'll catch you
guys later
