Hel's Angelou God is not in his back
thickness into fucking spikelet because
it is literally it's the warmest room in
the you take up but I'm just gonna let
you be okay
Oh dawn it's a new oh my gosh looks like
a nuclear bombs going off it's a new day
and it is beautiful on this crisp moist
campsite majestic as Tom what like a
potato yes he does everyone in a wake up
I look like more and more of a like
stale lingering potato yep it truly is
2016 unisex insert money get hot water
yeah feel in crash man that's a nice
feeling to feel satisfied cleaned up
washed showered soapy clean body as many
descriptions to describe a shower but
still really need to get down to front
of that but I go and check the guys out
make sure everything's cool with a
campervan before we rock and roll and I
didn't know there was a trampoline if I
did how to play donut by now every day
I've been waking up so far to an amazing
view today's you is a little bit of
water a little bit of look at how nice
that is
little bit of sunshine a little bin a
beautiful view and a big-ass mountain
and also this one look that just keeps
quacking and I'm just gonna go and knock
it out let's get ready let's get ready
to break some and come on the story of
Jeff right now this is how Jeff exists
Jeff wants to do everything until he
realizes it takes a long amount of time
it takes a long amount of time we take
you three hours to lithography this guy
this guy it takes hardly it takes three
hours for us to get to this mountain
time if we if we left when we woke up
three hours ago we need that what time
do you think it is right now going to
the Blue Lake it's not the Blue Lake no
no the thing is the way we went the Blue
Lake another stop 5 gonna blue lake go
to blue light of his life clears blue
lake in the world and he doesn't take 15
hours to hike huh no ha ha ha
it's okay Jeff you said it was some
photos okay and it's closed
the photographer is back at it again
with the DSLRs looking very nice I
didn't actually get a photo of that
board yeah you guys can see it whoa whoa
whoa before we go anywhere most
important thing of the day is the most
important meal of the day breakfast I
have yet to have it so we have some
cereal
the guys are gonna get back and be
pissed that I'm eating food nonetheless
my dad told me most put me the day so
I'm having it Coco Pops put the win yes
take photos boys take photos meanwhile I
shall eat my breakfast mmm no I totally
forgot to film that down there we all
were went out down to the lake I flipped
the drone and stuff got some amazing
shots will be on my Twitter my Instagram
so check them out but yeah that Lake
that's got to be the bluest like we've
seen yeah it's probably worth you going
down there
boom I was that okay I felt bad look how
nice that actually is look at the clay
she is in the Mannings and the trees in
the water Bloody Bloody ell Jeff bah
that is a few G look at that just look
at it look at this would you love J look
at that River look how blue it is that
shit's so blue fill er up J fill er up
my friend she goes like oh she's Goslin
time to put in semi five dollars worth
man that guy's got my sunglasses on well
mine yes see then perfect seventy-one
dollars mate bloody hell that's a bit of
a cheap bargain right there well fold up
we're ready to rock and roll let's get
this show on the road we're going to
Anaka it's about an hour and a half away
let's do this we've got about 40 more
minutes before we reach our destination
we're having some sort of like Parker's
more than that so that's gonna be cool
but we're when I kind of have part okay
but we're gonna cross this cool ass
bridge so everyone's getting their
cameras out to film it and make the shit
look sweet
you
jj-just for this road on the grass you
got put on J please
for fuck sake J alright we've made it to
where are we working on her what we're
not good
what hey when I can we made it to Annika
absolutely beautiful so I'm gonna fly
the drone over it real quick we got
about four so bachelor so let's give it
a with me skier boys me well and fall by
that is just good for you oh my goodness
okay looks pretty cool luxury escape I
like that I like that look at this view
just absolutely beautiful
obviously I've got my drone battery in
hand we go into a restaurant and try and
charge it there hopefully all it takes
about an hour so for about half an hour
this will get half the charge but yes
looking mattad fun this is like a proper
beat so just driftwood
yo driftwood that's his online name by
the way driftwood thank you Swagger's
would you make a sick bonfire here yeah
brilliant
please I think this is a willow that
willow a whelping will pick wolf weeping
willow we we big thank you how's the
word I was looking for too much
runescape enjoy yeah man this looks
really nice bushes KX we could have
don't definitely hire one but either way
I need to charge this that's really
clear water and I need to talk out of
everywhere we've been so far the wacker
now whatever however you pronounce I'm
so sorry this is the nicest place so far
it's super modern
it's super new looks super nice and go
into a place to get some grub hopefully
they let me charge that is what I'm
talking about getting nothing charged
again some good food in us health the
option of water on a healthy option of
coke
taste test review of the noodles
actually incredible like really really
good taste test review of the Duke
crepes mm also insane
another beautiful location to say
goodbye to you eight screenshot
beautiful there you go J you ready to
hit the town ready we'll go to
Queenstown ghj Angelo
Michael Michael Angelo over there he's
passed out asleep and we've got what's
it saying
well this is not saying anything
actually we think it's about an hour for
me to get to the destination when we
need to go so let's get goin Oh Jay
apart from farting on each other in bed
and you know genuinely have an overall
great time have you enjoyed your trip to
be kneeling somewhere alright you've
enjoyed it yeah fit slap have you lovely
did a pleasure hanging out with you in
the dream vacation or a real care that
first and dream vacation let's keep that
vacation going but one more day but
really weird series of events and I
always joked about this about being in
New Zealand and it's snowing and it is
snowing in New Zealand I fuck you not
and basically um everyone kept flashing
from going person's like oh I got my
lights and I've got a lights on yeah I
had my lights on someone flushes and
Paul does don't like wave the sounds
like yo you will not get not get through
this valley
alright winders like there's so much
snow you won't make it through so we've
been taught to turn around so we will
try and find a spot to see if we can
actually turn around or whatever but I
kind of want to see the snow so I'll
show you guys what it's like right now
like how are we in New Zealand right now
it is like Oh see what everyone's
flashing us to turn around or capture
around here like how the hell are we New
Zealand right now this is absolutely
ridiculous
the next point we find to turn around
we're just going to do
which is this is just going to get
absolutely stupid so I'll have to find
an alternative route with the the sat
down and try and make our way back in a
minute because this is just fucking
ridiculous
I know fast we do have chains yeah
they're on the but I've never put one
before my life oh yeah how about is it
yes is it is it like thick snow or the
ice it really counts are stuck up there
well we want it like people were wanting
to say like turn around but we've kind
of wait to see like what is going on so
I jokingly brought the set like we've
got like every season so far it seems as
I'll be impressed if it snowed and it
now has yeah is it like just 20 minutes
back and then yeah how is it yeah well I
said it's on this road though it's from
this road so we just go back on this
road I can't go Roy it's one occurring
country the chrome wanna come so
brilliant okay all right thank you very
much so have a good day even
investigated and my gosh is that some no
no no no snow up there so I should
brothers don't wanna cut shredded it but
we're definitely heading back now a
interesting series of events I can't
believe I'm in New Zealand and I've
actually seen snow like I can't believe
it not only ever seen snow it's actually
snowing so GG New Zealand you are
incredible had to do it I had to get out
in the snow and make a snowball because
this my mind is melted right now as to
this could actually be happening I'm
walking in snow in New Zealand never did
I think this would have been possible in
my life
now you might like Lily's top there's
skiing resorts and stuff but like we
went from summer autumn thank to like
win it like full for winter almost I'm
so impressed right now New Zealand you
have been one of the best holidays my oh
my gonna be soaked best holidays of my
life oh you know it's kind of work
experience but you know what this is a
holiday
I'm so glad I came I'm definitely coming
back ten minutes later we're back in the
sunny state of walking like a war
whatever we're back and macaco when
acting we're back in Oaxaca and it's
absolutely sunshine rainbows and
beautifulness no snow to be seen
anywhere cool we are now in the middle
of a random Valley this is the we went
through one Valley it was snowing we now
had to go all the way around an hour to
get through this next Valley and this
valley is like falling because it's so
rainy but we should be able to get this
one right through this one but I'll just
notice it's like this little bridge oh
my god there's like a troll you can use
to like scoot across them but there's a
bridge here that I'm gonna see if we can
cross over or oh no it's closed no oh I
really want to try and get around this
and I can't come over it's got spiked
but I would totally try it anyway oh my
gosh this so cool what we cycling step
on it oh sorry we're closed how a ray
down do trip up I'll write down oh okay
korie's well I'm still gonna stand on it
cause audio look at that imagine
kayaking this this would be absolute oh
my god so called like army nipples
Orbital's animals are so called but they
go it's beautiful so much fun much Wow
many press much cool this is just crazy
now like the biggest Valley ever it's
absolutely foreign
mint lake by the side of us and just
look at it this is insane
queenstown another town in New Zealand
that is always raining yeah my trip
session of driving is almost over
proponent were going to a restaurant get
some food
how long do we drive for that was a
two-hour student from me - I was didn't
turn three a43 out 10-4 it's good good
Drive it's fun
snow rain sunshine craziness chest
fucking far out the toilet but we're
going to a five-star restaurant now so
yeah guys were treating ourselves no
more normal hot dogs being right being
in fancy tonight we've got some what for
Giroud auction and some ox tongue that's
not ox Thomas sir lon
nice this one was great this one had
cilantro on it look makes me feel sick
then I tried the ox tongue I wish I
didn't feel like I could I was stroking
the tongue of a tongue with my tongue
not impressed
pork belly clams not a clue ribs
potatoes but I can leave good choice
guys good choice
that is ridiculous at Jeff if you can
eat over I'll give you a hundred dollars
time to review the dishes
pork belly easily at eight point seven
super super good haven't actually tried
the broccoli
this 8.5 it was absolutely phenomenal
book tasted in last long whatever the
hell this was I was like nine stupidly
get plums so the best cons of ever had
in my life by 9.5 like overall this is
like a nine restaurant this is like some
hot I think it's a priced out restaurant
I give it a nine overall stupidly
stupidly good I ordered a beer at the
start of the night and it smelt like
super gum off which is really weird
threw me off I was drinking it like this
doesn't taste right this doesn't taste
right this doesn't taste right so I'm
finally after drinking ham and drinks
like is this gone on she's like yeah so
that was nasty but nonetheless it's been
really good the food was great
good have another clam and I'm gonna
sleep well tonight
overall Reiter or rat rat gets a solid
nine out ten great restaurant really
buys it really cool lobby outside as
well forty kids we've made it to our
next campsite for the night and this is
one hell of a Z campsite sheesh uh now
we're just straight alright wishes look
another day of rain this is great can't
wait to unplug the power in like this
again but hey it's all part of the job
boys it's all part of the chocolate this
has that one alright well I have to go
and do my duties which is a you know cuz
I for some reason we wrote was okay with
accepting it I have to go and connect
the power and turn on the gas so look at
that dude it yet again in the rain sick
I was connected gas is turned on I
currently left the car lights on so
let's turn them off before but the
batteries go flight because I'm not
really responsible for this let's turn
them off are they off yes they are and
voila yeah ready to call this home for
the night space number 221 yes what I'm
talking about right about a lock up the
year there's a safety deposit box okay
nothing but bottles of water and
firewood listen I'm sure this is what
the UK vlog is called laptop club
everyone's on the laptop so get your ass
get your laptop
it's not gonna be up there why do you
don't want to be cozy with us
get whitey see grandpa muffled you
stepped on my fucking hard dough get off
the fucking bed and stop fine I'm going
before I'm sick of your job it's only 10
o'clock at night Jeff you like you're
about to pass I lost edit videos I mean
editing photos and Angelo is comped
Calabi so fast asleep this Emile just
finished it in the floor gonna start the
applaud a victory try and get it up on
time tomorrow probably won't happen but
we can always try and I'm gonna go to
bed so guys thank you very much for
watching tomorrow's to be our last day
in New Zealand we've got a flight to
catch to get to walk when we've got a
drop off the our vehicle load load the
running stuff to do and we're gonna try
an adventure in the morning I got by 7
which he's probably end up failing but
we can always try but thank you very
much for watching the bugs you guys have
enjoyed it make sure you leave a like
right you guys want to follow me on
Twitter Instagram down below links be
down there and yeah subscribe for daily
vlogs at 6 p.m. UK time see you guys
tomorrow
and adios
