oh my gosh you can see the entire way
through it sar ducks good morning
Vietnam Wow
is 7:30 in the morning we need to head
and go and saw out the ferry and then we
have free enough I was on ferry people
till we get South Island and Jeffrey
already showered washed all his clothes
I'm ready to rock and roll
I'm very proud of you Jeffrey we go you
improved you didn't prove a thousand
percent like a potato yep didn't even
need to see myself that's why I did the
whole dramatic from the air down I like
I'm about to a Robert Kestrel I'm the
road again looks like we're on the road
again beautiful morning this morning
hopefully it's gonna be a nice journey
to the ferry - you actually go to like
one of the watch things it's morning
like wash my hair and fresher on my face
everything just brush my teeth don't
worry the same clothes from yesterday
but anyway what would they get me down
we're gonna try and find the ferry port
and get on that bye bye
I'd be three elders long it's a long
gasps team to be stuck on a boot border
I drove for four hours yesterday how
hard can it be
thank you wait a minute - yeah high five
went one high five we've got a Casey
nice step blog going on high five in
it's not gonna jump out with no shoes on
high five oh you guys saw the live
stream then you see a live stream and
this I'm dad back here you get a high
five as well there you go same bus it's
like you to these people can we say hi
real quick really push it especially
this guy look at that biggest I have a
good I need to leg it down to the ferry
now otherwise I'm gonna miss it so guys
move your faces I have to run all right
yeah so totally waiting with these guys
here see that guy's waiting for them I
almost missed the damn ferry
so now I'm walking on to it oh my god oh
I liked it as well well that's one hell
of a way to start a day I've got to try
and find out where
when there's like a million Cumberlands
in here I am definitely not so sorry
 all these cool cars all these
motorbike sounds like these cages these
little doggies in them oh no papi ha ha
ha ha this is what you call a pimp-ass
fairy when it's got eight goddamn fours
and it's got a cinema what oh
they're playing the new Batman vs
Superman and Star Wars what a nice day
the mall looks so clear as well to say
it's a dock yeah but super nice day I
try to find out well excuse them up
there trying to find out where it's
supposed to be going we got a premium
lounge or something to check into so
that's good but there it is tah-dah
Wow wow it's so nice man I love this
thing wait how does that look suspect
they got pancakes oh my god think that's
got a sausage yeah I leave mean that
thing never seen a sausage before
alright I'll tell you what I'm gonna
give it to Jeff that is pretty good damn
suspect I took a bite out of it look at
the inside
it doesn't pancakes and bacon and some
eggs and even this good that should not
look like that okay a review on the
breakfast I'm gonna give the breakfast a
four out of ten wasn't anything
incredible but look at this view though
that is incredible alright breakfast
with a view four and a half I'm just
going to take this in for a second guys
so I'll catch you in a minute you know
what if we actually crashed
I wouldn't I like started sinking I
wouldn't get in the boat I'd swim to one
of these little rock islands over here I
think I'd be my safest bet or nothing
I'm a fast woman I could make it I fell
asleep inside because I was so damn
exhausted but I came out and look at the
color of this water he's genuinely like
straight blue and when I say warm pretty
sure this is the ocean but woke up like
one yeah we said that the scenery is
beautiful but like I don't think I've
ever seen ocean water that clear
Wow so nice I got incredibly excited and
I thought that said hot chocolate and I
clicked it and it was just hot water
oh look alive is a sound show yourself
maybe it's not all that that says like
piss
so we'll wait for that now this doesn't
help the stereotype but scones oh my god
our scones they're so good
creme Jam this is amazing time to
attempt a hot chocolate with milk pretty
nice it was your wild Jeffrey taking
photograph of the back of the ship
that's what you call a big-ass chimney
and you see to your left some rock and
water look to your right
some are rock and some more water
brilliant the boat trip is over so we
head in to camp upper hand and now just
go wait for all the cars to reverse out
and then we can reversal out and we do
it to go Oh boys boys boys boys alive
not to reverse we go up
actually can't write on my camera cannot
go so at the same time we're off
let the races begin we've got two days
and we've got six hours to get to
Queenstown and we've got loads of things
you want to see on the way so this is
going to check a Swedish matter to an
interesting vehicle I like it I like Kai
Ora and welcome to the South Island of
la puna Moo
probably ruin that name but we made it
and it looks exactly like the North
Island not gonna lie I was expecting
much difference many impressive time to
top it with some fuel and admire the
view
this feels like Angelo nailed it on the
head it feels like we're in Hawaii here
right Oh - st. where the hell are we
right now we're on the way to an
electronics store to try and find one
drone propellers around drugs he's gonna
need a million drone batteries for me
and a gimbal friends'll strong as well
as a chat and in cloud charger Jon as
well so we're hopefully trying to find
somewhere we just went into one town and
it said it had three electronic stores
and it was goddamn none of them none of
them exist that we're all abandoned so
that sucks whilst were on the road I got
to take a second to say Zach sim the guy
who came to New York for the trip
raising money for motor neuron disease
to New York that keeps your face because
not only did you qualify for one getting
the trip out to New York you're also
qualify for the natira
getting the shout out in the vlog says
action thank you so much man hopefully
each other again in the future sometime
and hang out and when you're 21 we'll
get a bit yeah likes I'm pretty sure
he's like really close to being 21 and
we could have a Cheers and I could've
said thank you in person to him so Zac's
it was a pleasure hanging out we thank
you so much few donation you're great
but trying some a pretty balls
in here we're trying to follow the RV
that we're in using the drums it's got
off of all features this is what it
looks like so I'm gonna put the phone
down to make sure this works and
make sure this just a dropper holy
 that's sick that's so good
oh my god this looks so good
oh my god I hope we don't hit a
dream it's got built-in avoiding
obstacles so we can always brain hope
but there is a tree approaching
so get ready to rip the drone Oh
God oh it's just mr. chewy just miss the
 truth all right you're gonna
enjoy your good oh my days in the middle
of nowhere we've got the drone up there
like taking selfies of us this is so
amazing
silver dove cool this might legitimately
be the best thing I've ever shot in my
life on the camera that pan shot is
absolutely beautiful the next shot I
need to give out to is to gadget eyes 10
thank you very much new donation to the
ALS molten Ihram froz looks like a big
big-ass name their campaign I really
appreciate that man thank you so much
for all your love and support without
people like you wouldn't be able to
raise so much money for such a good
cause because these guys are leading the
research to help fight the commerce
because you know right now it's one of
those things where it's like it happens
and there's nothing we can do about it
so thank you very much for your donation
man really appreciate it much Latifi
these views out this back window are
just absolutely incredible like and I'm
going to get out of wash this window
like wash all of it just so I could take
all
that little speck does this is so
beautiful in the middle of an absolute
abandoned road right now taking another
photo shoot session and Angelo what what
is it what is that choose mail honestly
this is so serene it's beautiful I just
don't know what to do with it it's just
it just was a car oh this is my jam this
music my jam
oh I'm Joel getting turned up in here
for the record this is for Angelo's
music so I have no affiliation our
association with the track thank you
we must make it an entire walk 5 feet
yeah whoa you're the frig skidded down
here what what that that where the hell
did the Kareem off to what is this do
you pity majestic oh there goes look
like I'm not gliding past just being
thrown all over the place but I find
this pound corn and I'm taking it
because it's so damn big that I want
someone to take home for my mom so mom
I'm ringing you a present it's nothing
crazy it's just a pinecone I know she
likes putting them on a fire so hey mom
if I forget to bring it home I'm sorry
at least it was the thought that counts
oh wait wait where is it was it was it
Assam Oh everywhere late though holy
snap yeah that is a big-ass lake or the
catch you can hire that's beautiful holy
Shh
sugar Blake is cool and all but like
look at this look at this talk hello I'm
going to call you Jeff Jeff the duck hey
this dog shut Jeff this dog Strela cause
i'm gonna try and get the dog in the
camper come on out in it not at 8 8 8
come on let me go No ah Angelo did you
have a nice photo session of your ducks
well motion ducks ah beautiful place the
clouds just coming over it looks like
that place in Cape Town when it comes up
like the rolling rolling clouds I don't
even
tabletop Maui looks like that wow so
nice much wow how many impress right so
apparently that wasn't the Blue Lake
that we were looking for so we're going
to this visitor center to try and find
out whatever help we need to go so I
think you are here we went there we're
looking for a thing called Blue Lake
um not seeing any signs of it just yet
what is going on I was not expecting
we're here and that was the like we were
looking at and the Blue Lake does exist
but it's a 15 hour hike all the way up
here all the way up here all the way to
the top thoughts not having any we could
do it but we don't have 15 hours to
spare so one day we shall return
nobody's around here so this gives me
the perfect opportunity to do rose holy
 the echo for days
you
guys doing down that comfy nicely cuts
the roof - look at this insane view the
drone battery died but nonetheless we
made it up onto the roof which hopefully
we're not gonna fall through and okay we
just can appreciate have you never sent
back this is useless as dick Smith we
found out they got solar panels on the
roof and we still can't use it to charge
a drone batteries wise boys
listen to some tunes
I've been dabbing on the roof literally
we just had a dance session on the roof
it was magnificent angela was filming
loads of footage not too sure what he's
gonna do with it but wait you guys gonna
drive off with me on the roof oh
okay I'm ready let's do this when in
doubt shake the roof shaking look how
much I'm shaking it I'm probably gonna
tip it over and be like New Zealand
tourist board soda helicopter we're
screwed
Chad says New Zealand tourist board
Tommy's looks like there's a new killer
bomb going off
holy tits yeah I'm definitely shoot
knotted dread of all pulled up on the
side of the road again because we found
a sick filming location look at the sky
we found like a little waterfall over
here late going through and all that and
then the most beautiful burning sky ever
this is ridiculous
like New Zealand you go I don't think to
like do as much like crazy activities
rather than just to appreciate the world
we live in and you know what right now
I appreciate the world I live in so much
I feel like the Santa Claus of alcohol
right now beautiful views and taking in
the alcohol for the road we've got like
seven hours worth of traveling to do
right now so we have a crate of 24 beers
that's one for every 20 minutes I don't
know if that's just the drunk alcoholism
math I made right then but yeah we gotta
get on the road
got a long amount of time to catch up
before we get to Christchurch tomorrow
so let's get going these guys are doing
high exposure photos outside so whilst
they're doing that take it forever
I'm going to take three minutes to cook
myself through these noodles
because these noodles are actually
amazing so I'm using about all I've got
left but this looks like was straight
but this is how we actually last one in
so I'm having to lean on the pan so it
doesn't slide off whilst I'm cooking the
noodles Lord the vyjit returns I'm still
making the noodles
I can't move from this position up till
the door for me to let them in and I
couldn't let them in because it would
have slowed up you go well one look at
the forwards are doing a minute
either way the noodles going in
unfortunately the microwave doesn't work
when we stopped along the gas cooker you
devastated no no dogs on a Dyson Omega
Man are you gonna make it this no who
does a little endian look tasty as hell
he made like a cross on sandwich he's
mixing something together and that is
the best cheese firmer I've ever used in
my life right so we have got 510
comments to go and that could take us
six hours six o'clock now we're gonna
get there at 1 o'clock morning all right
you ready Angela I am
you ready Jay yeah I'm ready and thank
you for the 20k on yeah oh there we go
here we go it's 20 count instead
cheers to the road let's go
well apart from it smell like fire we're
going to other smokes coming from
because there's a takeaway with houses
across the road he did not do his
homework but we found somewhere that
says not accommodation it says take
aways so going in here and get some grub
ok so this is how menu for the night you
know the fire blowing right but I
thought a career old is that each other
go
as well as through gene tendency whilst
we're waiting for food I thought good
idea would be to get a beer not only for
myself my good friend over there I could
be an amazing cameraman and Angelo
cheers to a six-hour drive ahead cheers
my friend to that to the apple juice no
alcohol so the road cream soda
hey real man hoorah
got some chicken tenders up in here yeah
what the heck is this blue look what is
that
doesn't matter it's a what sorry you
can't give me that man you can take your
one kubba yourself what's on the edge of
these chicken things
dim sum Michelle enticing chili chili
Cohen Amy I'm sorry all right I might
has been officially blown Angelo was
like I want some ketchup so we had to
pay two dollars per we were like why did
he come back with this it came with a
tendrán ketchup okay a tin of tomato
sauce because ketchup in New Zealand is
called hot sauce that is tomato sauce
see what tastes like tastes like ketchup
well it's time for my famous food review
of the place we just went to what is it
even called it is called a comedy it's
not called a combination what I helped
there's no name wait what's it called ha
Hampden hotel meet the food a a five
point nine point five but for
hospitality and stuff they get a ten
really awesome people behind the bar
Nadine was amazing you guys ever want to
go to New Zealand and have great people
that's the place to go
we're getting in the RV a rocking and
rolling now going unroll well and the
creepiest thing in New Zealand goes to
this guy grubbing is me and looking like
he's having a great time randomly pulled
over because je is losing his okay
I feel like I am in the middle of
nowhere
right now there's nothing but whoa okay
that's beautiful are you guys but oh you
can kind of see it it's like yes cloud
and moon book we're in the middle of
nowhere so it's cloud and moon what have
you what are you seeing what is it this
river well I hope you guys will see this
I'm so sorry
hey listen all I'm gonna say is we'll
take a photo of whatever is going crazy
about and we'll post up my Instagram
go on follow me on instagram link will
be down description and you'll be able
to see it because right now I can't see
either ok love you guys faces
alright so story time with Tom walking
through the middle literally of a lake
you might be late wait what can't see
anything right now apart from the moon
but if you have a look with my
flashlight I am in the middle of a lake
wait what's that was that I'm in the
middle of a lake because they were like
eh let's take a photo of the moon look
at all that cool with all these clouds
like you can't see the clouds but it
looks super good cuz I are mighty funny
someone could get here on this place
that is in the middle of a lake like
really really fast running late and I
accidentally like oh no I'll try and get
over clink it over fell in by accident
over there I was like well I'm wet so I
might as well wait through it waded
through the water to here and now I'm
taking photos with the Jay on the bridge
so yep no joke this is what I'm walking
through my bike oh that's nothing but
I'm not going across Texas it looks deep
but this is what I'm wading through it
like whatever time at night it is
because it was like oh Tom we need the
shots I was like okay we need the shot I
get the shot I've got to try and find
the crossing that I made over here so no
it was a safe path over and I know that
every single ripple you've seen this
water means there's a large rock
therefore it's safer to cross and I
cross right near this bush over here so
I've now got to cross through this water
ready without hopefully dropping my
phone all right you ready let's do this
deep this is deep water by the way okay
do not drop the phone do not drop the
phone
this is uptight my knees and this is
fast running water look look in the
middle of the wild yellow got to get the
shot okay now I'm not gonna jump in
there cuz that looks deeper spot cuz
that's not the way I came
oh that is called like when I say
cold I mean I can't feel my I can't feel
my feet cold let's keep going keep going
and let's got to the next crossing which
is this now I didn't actually cross this
actually jump this if this were a felony
well this will work for now thank God
for DC's benefice point she was ever
already and back to mainland
I am absolutely soaked in probably zero
degree temperature water but either way
we did it and God does it I tell you
what it felt so good just got to look up
at that sky and adventure so now I've
got try and work my way out of here
I was gonna crack on and take over the
two hours but Angelo is gonna grind it
out of some reason I offered I even got
in the driver's seat this is the first
time I've seen someone actually use a
squeegee okay
I'm not tipping here I'm not tipping you
for doing this but it's about time we
clean this window so we can actually
take for it was out of it and I have a
 spotted bug just like on the
front of it but we've got two and half
hours to go now before we get to our
final destination and yeah it's gonna
show off all the tits on a stick that is
six hours of driving Angela pretty much
now around 7 o'clock this morning okay
this that's 20 as I have you 15 hours
like it's 15 hours of driving agile holy
 good job my friend
updates of updates we made it to a
campground site I try to upload this
vlog like 10 minutes ago
and it said it's going to take 8
thousand minutes so if you're watching
this vlog and it's late I apologize I
tried I failed I disappointed all your
faces I'm now doing my my chore of
connecting the power because that's my
thing to do as a man for the campground
good so wrap up today's vlog and go to
bed thank you very much for watching
make sure leave a like rating if we can
hit 50,000 like ratings if people
actually stay this guide a month I'd
appreciate it
smash that share born I will catch you
guys tomorrow where that vlog loss will
be like so thanks for watching make sure
you follow us on Twitter I'll tweet when
internet gets terrible and you can just
laugh at me in hysterics 8000 minutes
can't wait for this one and I'll see you
guys later peace
