today is the day we're going picking up
my granddad's new car as a surprise he
thinks I'm America psyche I'm here we're
gonna go pay for the car we're gonna get
the insurance side he's gonna come up
pick it up and I'm gonna be in the car
to surprise him give him a big hug and
say Happy Birthday
because as weird as it is all this time
he was planned out and it's his birthday
so we're gonna show them some love in
the comments I'll show him you later
let's do this
hey damn you could tell my dad's come
back from his holiday what that like
works in my house as like a genuine like
maintenance man and basically upkeep of
my house my blog you're just too lazy to
fucking do it then stays a thousand
percent yes made it to the showroom
waiting to pay for the car waiting to
sign all the documentation my current
that is currently on the way in the car
with my dad my granddad still has no
idea I'm here
my dad's literally going round a
roundabout like this like this like this
stalling for us to get the paperwork
side so as soon as he gets here we can
just hand him the keys and he can drive
away in it because right now we're
stopping and going in short on it so
it's stressful my goodness Oh Mike thank
you hahaha thank you so much so this is
my granddad's brand-new car he's on his
way shortly this is it oh man that looks
nice it's so clean the wheels well nice
as well
damn mr. Spencer's getting his brand-new
car he could be so excited look at it
like so clean and so new yeah I did not
know that was it granddad's on the way
what we're gonna do is because it's a
brand new car and it's gonna show him
round it like this is this is that I'm
gonna get in the boob and he's gonna
show him another cat and he's gonna show
me the boot like this is the boot and
I'm gonna pop out of it and say happy
birthday to him you know I was put
fingerprint marks on the boot so that's
what's gonna happen my dad's on the way
I promised him that I would buy of a
Jaguar when I was younger like if you
have a very worried tell vo Bobby a
Jaguar and because of you guys giving me
this opportunity I've been able to like
make my Grandes dream come true and buy
a magic eraser thank you so much Mary
he's tearing up now always driving in
suspiciously I'll crack it again before
he sees me there's a cozy experience is
Mike away for Mike the other here
thank you very much yeah coming through
the front door now yeah you shut that
down
yeah good no I hope no I think I'm safe
okay bye oh so dark
yeah yeah very often gear think Gordon
we think shame Tommy words aside yeah
yeah yup yup yup threw it up yeah yeah
they are my cups for you for walking -
boom that's for user opens no you're all
game oh yeah we love you thank you
you're welcome
there you go alright we got you
I've been here for 25 minutes darling
you're here you get there you were you
genuinely not expected it to jump at the
booth I get high five high five you
thought I wasn't waiting the country did
you but not only did you get a car
you're also gonna get yourself a little
cake of the Geiser birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
garden happy birthday to you
you make a wish hey hey hip hip all
right I'm one for good-looking driving
home safe hip hip okay all right only
come here for the coffee
Oh Jack this is your final two
signatures granddad and the car is yours
to it thank you very much once again for
your time in your business happy
birthday I enjoy it yeah noodles meat
hmm
suits you sir he looks so damn fancying
that thing and look at that we're
driving away in a sunny day on oh my
gosh I mean it falls a lot fall slam I
looked at that and I was like wait the
wheels that's the car that I'm after and
I was like way to meet that doesn't look
right I don't like the look of that
that's an XK not an f-type that is not
indeed the car I want I can't just see
any F types because they move the one
from here so I can't show you guys what
I want it's completely gone in this
guy's tour traversing to me in before he
has it in reverse and smashes until full
undies off I don't know exactly where
he's going or how far he's going poor
I'm so proud it's his first movement in
his new vehicle kinda just whatever you
do don't crash action oh yeah you got
fancy ass hands and look at this
bathroom
holy shit might be the Fonz's bubble
that's a sink what you doing okay I
don't need this what okay sorry Jackie
but I think your bathroom is better than
you can see oops oops you so nice new
car alright I will see you at home when
I'm going for driving the f-type but
first of all me granddad he's driving me
home I don't fell you ready to go for
Drive yeah so excited what you thoughts
mate great great super Oh
White's it kicks this one this car is
fast till I get what I did steer for me
birthday hey listen I would not miss
your birthday that would be a bad
grandson decision to miss your birthday
are you well I'm dry this now related
your for it I'm not insured on this no
no no no it's all you buddy
oh you damn granddad back at it again
with a new car what actually we really
got damn nice outside my house
think it might steal it for myself haha
oh my god me my dad just realized
something my granddad's over look at his
carries like opening all the doors all
the boots and everything show he shut
the door but this child lock on the back
seats just like yourself is it nice you
can't you are but you mean you can't get
out yeah no it's got child lock on it
your lunch soup in the CAF I saw you
shut the door behind you and I instantly
knew and dad came laughing really
towards me you would have been stuck
that if you had done that home you've
been stuck there overnight what the hell
and these birds eating god damn
laxatives the shit everywhere this is
basically the one oh my gosh give it a
rev
nice deadly oh so oh look at that the
bays together the cars together look so
good you ready for this you ready for
the scrape the scrape Oh
myk's myk's cringing wax cringing way
what's he giving you ready boy
is it just a plastic underneath just a
piece of oh it sounds so sexy looking at
that beautiful not gonna lie it does
look pretty working sex outside the
house I'm closing this so I can take
like a really sexy Instagram and be like
that nice if I do order after way like
four months but then that's my bit
that's exactly how it will look beau
exactly like that
but with a fixed spoiler on the back of
it as well this car is just absolutely
beautiful I could actually take this car
now this is a five we or was it five we
a VA absolutely beautiful but it's not
the SV and if I want the SVR which is a
two to one mile per hour one know that I
even fucking need that I have to wait
four months for it to get bilks I got
like all carbon fiber trim camera phone
wind mirrors affixed spoiler on the back
and so far so I have to wait a little
bit of extra time but if I do it's
literally worst case scenario right now
Mike what do you do
we're supposed to be test driving this
thing and it started sleet in grounds
all getting wet
oh I cry every time so when you do 60
miles pro the spoiler bottom
there it is hahaha that's so sick
well the pros and cons a can get the
rather I promise me there is very few
comes you're just gonna be aware very
teller if you're going to be aware of
the power yeah Rock summer fun when you
put your foot down the back end just
goes you don't foresee tires yeah well
depends on are you often see with a
driver and obviously you don't buy these
cars and fuel consumption no no way
what not they're the only two downside
idea everything else is just it's a
piece when you go from right to put it
into sport mode sport dynamic it it's
ridiculous it goes from sounding like
you put into that normal Drive like and
I might winter mode so it just sounds
that casual now we're just in normal
everyday women we get on the strategy
list right now we've got it a nice
window normal dry this is just cruising
yep just cruising so this is just going
to restrict the throttle even if I were
to put my foot all the way down it's not
going to be aggressive with it now this
now we're in normal just normal sounds
are super casual hezekiah put it into
dynamic so that's basically going to
give it more some snappy frog stiffen up
the steering yep
open all the active sports exhaust yeah
knocking across Bob so straightaway it
comes back yeah now you read you can't
the characteristics of the cartel we
changes yeah that over sound feel of it
uh yeah just turns into an absolute and
the walls and return yeah I wind it down
for some sound out
like an earthquake a lightning storm and
sex at the same time I was just setting
for my internet books like a whole hour
waiting for my vlog to load but hey
check out the bull he's been off-roading
in it it's filthy
get it out free happy birthday meal you
look make you look so smile like
literally so smart and kind of about
jeans or new tie very nice how about the
age and your rabbit what you have in
luck much pork belly pork belly that's a
good dish I give that a 10 actually I
give that 9 out and I was good but I'm
getting oh my gosh again this is the one
I gave it announcer look like confident
and waffle oh my good Alice hey that's
very nice oh this is gonna be good okay
then I'm gonna give my review on the
dish I actually gave a ten ones I'm
getting a divers tummy and I'd be like
why have you dropped it down one this
time there wasn't enough sauce for the
waffle it's kind of like made it they
drive the dishware to us for some more
well by the time I got the sauce I
pretty much already eat a waffle hard
life I know and then the pineapple was
so dry like was yours
Tiffany it was just it was so so dry I
didn't bother with it so yeah and I
didn't even finish the place till 9:00
hour ten this time I was always good
practice I do this on the youtubes all
right you've got to give you food a
rating out of 10 and you have to explain
why we shun seven my god I don't know
just give a seven all right light table
good lackluster
my my cluster look it up food critics
happy birthday day Gordon happy birthday
to you I don't even know if you can see
us Kenya it's a bit bloody dad but hey
you enjoy the car I'm glad I can be here
for your birthday I almost missed it but
I didn't we did totally just have this
conversation already and Alice's mess
around the lies we just did conversation
already but completely regarded I
promise you people honestly have a nice
birthday okay I think I catch all that
gun dot dr III look at found again dad
old school Fred I'm sorry like you don't
get all the attention here really really
young yeah might why are you in my house
again I get what is good I'm leaving for
a day you're replacing me already I
appreciate that thank you
you got the stuff wait what I did not
see you had the car stuff
what obviously no it looks like he was
sleeping
hello Fyodor so you're nice your Chi oh
yeah leader for tomorrow thank you so
much he's nice and kind the tear collar
out that's cut she doesn't like me
first he does a cool cat he's a cool cut
way I'm gonna say I love you and goodbye
to the vlog lovely by feel oh you're so
cute
see that two months
of you oh he got food poisoning on the
boat yesterday is now better and he's
without side house well his house and
hers but he's not here but I'm gonna
pass him on my way going back home so
I'm gonna start I'm gonna try and see if
I can see him and hug him saying goodbye
so let's do this
Vilas oh I thought you give me a wanker
sorry I didn't see the cat the black car
it's a little pussy cat by literally
flushing
every car that drives past me in cases
car we said we flashy each other
and I haven't seen him yet so hopefully
I'll see him soon and I'm just gonna
keep flashing and flashing a flashing
every cat goes bad until someone like
flash flashes be back and then I'm gonna
pull over and hug you I found em I'm
gonna miss the show we were like we just
randomly dog in the street I'm so glad
you bet I do oh it looks like he's
shunned I'm gonna miss you so much
we look like we've had a car crash no
coppers give you like what the hell are
you doing do all we found each other you
going keep going keep her going dude I
love you I'm gonna miss you so much I
absolutely love a lot
I cannot express honestly how much he
means to me like he is such a family
member to me he is more than her like a
brother-in-law he is family like my
brother I fucking love him oh I'm gonna
miss him so much
Oh
