those are it's raining outside and
today's the day we're supposed to go and
get the RVs an adventure so face her
past like our I've been keeping myself
occupied by like zooming in on people's
windows and seeing what the hell is
going on so this guy's clearly
downloading some pornography
this guy's not working what is he got in
his hand yeah my friend high-five I said
his Instagram was down below in the
yesterday's video it could be down below
again cuz the photos were so
with it but yeah weather is shitty and
we're getting the RV today those could
be awesome oh we're doing things right
this morning we're going in and up is it
open yeah it's okay thank God for that
chicken ribs again we have to try them
eventually because I've never chicken
ribs in my life but nonetheless I like
it you see that's how you get around in
New Zealand we need scooters Jay we need
scooters like the flick of a switch the
weather is now nice it's sunny bit
overcast but at least it's not raining
and uh yeah just food insiders we've got
nanos for Angelo drinks for the road and
we get to go and get the RV so stoked
there goes the car no damage to it no
nothing
so it's paid for it's done and now we
can do Bert to go back to the frigging
hotel
yeah Angelo and go get the RV oh my god
I'm getting that avi I be so stoked we
managed to go a whole day right a whole
day driving and Angela's watching
 tutorials oh I think this just
came out so I'm going to ask the
question of getting it oh we did it boys
we got the Phantom 4 did you oh my god
alright are DGI on it before I'm ready
for it I am probably gonna crush it but
if I crush it at least it'll go on
YouTube so 3 V DS look with drones
hasn't been so successful Luke's fell
out the sky don't by crashing into a
wall Angelo's then felt the sky at the
factory died and I'm the only one now
who has to prove that we can actually
fly drones at this company so let's wait
and see alrighty then boys this is it
this is the end of the goodbye the rooms
thank you for being awesome you've been
great I'm leaving so much behind
for the cleaners to pick up but I don't
know it's just what's happening the view
has been absolutely fun no mono but
we've got the drone we're heading off
and it's time to start adventure and I
left
saying I demand booty so oh no maybe one
day there's some booty might just
arrived the train behind in r1
there mate hey Angelo disk let's kick it
around yeah I'll take it off you thank
you very much sir
all right we're filling up and going oh
we are coming to collect babe for a few
days we got left
I'm one of these will be ours I'm so
excited
so for scale again we're going from
there all the way down and all the way
down to that taking over the entire
country of New Zealand just protecting
all the get literally literally bags and
bags stop and drone and then we're now
starting out inside all the details and
I can legally drive this will put my
name down and I'm gonna drive as well
what this woman is learning about us is
that we've got all the gear and no idea
we didn't know if it came with pots and
pans we didn't know if it came with
vetted we didn't know we had to charge
it we didn't about water or a gasser
anything thank you for dealing with us
one step at a time
I can't prepared for the sorta stuff my
dad's raised me though I know exactly
what's going on but like I said you've
got a charge that come with on for like
nine hours if you keep using it but then
I was like well this is Webb when you're
on the road the battery charge is that
bad which is like yeah I'm like that
we're fine so we're gonna go find out
which we're gonna find out which is our
bay which is our bait well let's just
you to do verb Oh
Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
it's a bay be on screen we don't beyond
beyond beyond beyond beyond town house
really want to finish that song all
right this is home for the next few days
oh my god it's got a big ass went
through the back all boys oh slit
oh my god bagsy the back bed no back to
the top bed I'm having this one this is
mine go yourselves
oh my god yo this is well nice I think I
brought the door already nice
nice little shower room this just like a
hotel like a hotel tour of you man this
is like brand-new
tango bed store Estefan yo slit
 slit holy snug this is effort good
years
how you feeling Angelo I've already
called the top bed
call it it's mine I'm a kid kids always
got that excited Jeff looks is gonna be
interesting
it is likes to do father just imagine
you're living in LA fabro this is no
one's stealing my show your boss did
anyone bring an oxcart to sit on the
toilet yeah I can connect this thing my
dad is gonna be so stuff everyone
I sell it without a dad so I'll pause
dad we're doing it for you my friend is
what you were doing feet yep keen
useless boys useless wait who's gonna be
the first driver nah yeah okay you don't
need me wait are you all this are you
going first then no going back oh
up okay we're here learning all the
details about the van we're about to
check out where the power is and all the
cast isn't all that Jeff just doesn't
give a
just just kick him back over there doing
his own goddamn thing you know what Jeff
 you Jeff you oh boy this is
about to be a lot of preparation gear we
can't use any of the plugs inside to
charge anything um unless we're at a
power station like a camping ground so
love to see how that goes
always start the engine Angela how you
feeling how you feeling we're gonna
leave it okay you don't know I'm
vlogging so when I ask you a question
you just totally ignore me
you just need in the comments of people
saying that you hate me there's like a
coven today like with 100 thumbs up
saying like Angela literally cannot wait
to get her syndicate
 no chill so you're taking the
first leg of the journey ma'am have you
drove one of these before have he says
that smashes his fence I think it's time
Stella venture Jess you ready yeah all
right enjoy you ready you're just a dick
you did this on purpose now hate
you I love you tell bro we're what the
 is a girl
no we're New Zeeland we have New Zealand
food whatever the that is god damn
it we found the supermarket right with a
gear up be ready for the trip ok parking
job number one from mr. Poland hey guess
it 9 out of 10 I'm impressed with you
fellow
it's pretty goddamn good we actually
drove off what I didn't show you guys is
we drove off with this flat open Oh God
alright alright alright I can't stand to
look good we got tissue paper we got
like toilet paper
we got bags what the hell are these what
what if I wait oh my god is this I even
our car
I don't wait I don't think that's a cat
what got soup I've got snacks in a
chocolate and stuff like that for some
reason someone's bottle milk so I'm not
too sure what the is going on there
unless someone's put that as a joke and
then we got firewood more firewood
ketchup milk water more importantly beer
yes I like this and then loads of stuff
to make sandwiches I was looking at this
island I was like why does this all look
so familiar then I was like ah haha
international so this has got everything
that you'd import from another country
so I'm shooting like okay okay okay
actually none of that I actually
recognize hula hoops what whistle it's
the import twiglets here chilly maybe it
was a kid I'm totally taking some of
them bobbin biscuits
oh my god taking some of it wait 69
Peters on to $3 yes wait sure but oh my
god share but fountains but what the
hell is up vegetable at Oriole okay I've
never seen that before
got your critique Hines beings Reese's
Pieces Milton I think this is now I
think this is I think this is Britain
oh yeah mushy peas oh my god this is
Britain and then this is America all pop
tart okay we definitely bought way too
much stuff
filled up down that this is just like
this is this is ridiculous and until
that came to seven hundred and twelve
dollars thank you
New Zealand is on another level with
Tyler's look at this in the park
shopping place toilets in the middle of
the town attached a building toilet like
I'm very very impressed with New Zealand
also what we've decided and we're
probably gonna go and get KFC after this
as well so we're not gonna eat anything
all right
but all food and then this is gonna be
bread and crisps and then this is all
soup just like super super super super
noodles so it's going good man how's the
fridge looking we're gonna start looking
mighty full very soon very quickly look
at this all we got all this filled up
all this filled up all this filled up
the fridge
it's our billing okay can I just point
this out notice his like his stacking
skills and then cupboards and McHale
efficient miners it wins Angelo he wins
see these chambers empty but yeah mines
mines bread snacks but bread snacks and
you got crisps off we got way too many
 crises ridiculous then we got
all soups noodles and then this guy's
this is candy corner all the biscuits
and all the sweets and stuff for using
candy corner crisps you know what it's
crisps this is this is a multicultural
van alright stop being racist quite
actually is we have a New Yorker do
wheelies news duty to run the phone
jacks we've got cheese and ham
very multicultural English American New
York you like your own tension how is
your New York
listen your own little thing just go
with it let's just go with it
it's only quarter to six holy snap bro
only quarter to 6:00 at night right now
it feels like it's like midnight we got
all the stuff in there locked up I'm
gonna travel out I think we just gonna
pop somewhere random tonight's like that
or whatever is that fun
no I should go we should drive to where
the glowworm thing is aware of that
and just find someone to sleep anywhere
ah and then we cook them seat stratum on
it no we're gonna do holy
Kyle's juniors popping all the way from
America in New Zealand and our American
cars Junior after spending 17 hours at
the most
I know it this makes no sense but
nonetheless this is going to be a heart
attack and a half right now he brought
us the wrong food it was awful I tried
that food it was awful tried the flu
that - what it
it was awful I do not want to try
anything else it tastes like 0.1
out of 10 no reason what gets to zero
but one does the chip to mash yeah Anna
called me out on that open road now
devourer how
before we get to the first place we need
to camp up for the night and yeah set up
and get some food in us okay trying to
pee was driving on the actual campsite
catback is not a good idea
it went every man all right we've made
it to our first destination I don't
think we have 4G at all to upload so
with there's a little hot of the road so
we'll see if it's got why I find there
to be able to go in and do the upload of
today's vlog so I think I've just
finished editing it all obviously
today's not over is only 9 o'clock so to
see how that all goes but I'm putting
down the blinds we're getting
comfortable today for the night
and I'm gonna connect all the power so
we can use all the auxilary ports and
everything all the plug sockets in the
camper so yeah there we go
don't home sweet home oh so comfy we're
gonna plug ourselves in one sec this is
gonna look a bit weird
alright plugged in there plugged in to
the camper I don't know if I need to
press anything to do with these no says
uh nom we should be ready to rock and
roll so let's see if the power is made
it into the vehicle
oh I was not expecting that puddle
really don't do it oh come on that's me
I'm Jill if I'd take all the stories
such until decided to put all the stuff
from the fridge in here so we can take
it with us and it's linked all over his
bag pretty dry all dry no see okay yeah
I want to everything seems to be going
okay so far with your reaction pretty
dry there's nothing drunk isn't way in
there your camera's foreign mm-hmm
here's my new drone The Phantom 4 we
don't box it I'm not gonna set it up
today I'm just gonna get it all charged
up for tomorrow so I can't all that
so we'll commit for the first time ever
open oh that looked cool just gonna
charge it nothing else alright alright
alright we've got the battery charging
with the control charging I'm gonna put
this away now make sure I've got my
phone case charge my phone charged and
yeah we should be good you don't date
ofoma
still damn he's got LT on his phone I
don't have LT unfortunately Songer
trying to restart performance signal
move around a bit as if you're just
connector 4G if I can you could possibly
get the ball up so goddamn stoked to one
be doing this and to have a drone right
temp to genders yes on so we can catch
some hot water up in here
careful read the instructions maybe
later
these two guys are updating the drone
that is drying I have a van accent good
news for location one is I've got 3G and
I can actually upload videos to YouTube
I just use the cap trap to try it
kicking back with a beer and relaxing
and I uploaded a 10-second clip and it
took 45 seconds to upload it today's
vlog so far is like 15 minutes so it's
gonna take a long time but I can leave
it on overnight and get that vlog up and
I totally remembered that the vlogs and
not supposed to be up at 6 a.m. they're
supposed to be up at 5 a.m. so every day
this week or the past few days since
I've been in New Zealand not only have
they been likes I've been waking up late
and uploading them wait they've been
late because I totally was choosing a
long time to upload them it's alright
well I made these guys try McVitie's
chocolate digestive biscuits how do you
find it oh yeah and you think it was a
goal a Girl Scout cookie yeah you're
being disrespectful for my country right
now alright it either way I'm deciding
to make these the super me instant
noodles so it comes with a whip I feel
like I'm making like a one of them weird
YouTube like videos of like weird foods
and or we try and make business to
how it turns out but either way got the
gas on the go
Jeff's Oh better skin off Jeff up there
and yeah we should be good for that and
we found out this place has Wi-Fi so
we're checking out speeds right now hey
this really is one of those Japanese
like you
yourself I can make a burger like
that's putting in apparently and chicken
flavor how all got to do is wait for the
fusion wait 30 seconds
put it in and then add the sauce pretty
sure this is supposed to be an egg well
one story Shaw a stop in this packet
tastes great this everything in that is
disgusting I tried each bit of it
individually and it was just disgusting
I'm not even gonna bother mixing it but
I tried them as noodles on their own
yeah you tried them yet
alright we're gonna see what Jeff thinks
and he tries them Jess reaction and I do
not just cook you so good I need to know
what it's like well you have the best
noodles on earth every dude a 1i mother
hey no you get out of ten out of ten in
an RV I'd say oh
Angela can I tempt you for some noodles
oh hey even after we make you food
from this testicle manages to spill his
beer all over the goddamn bed so after
betting now he's drying off and for this
little here whilst I'm making my food
your bloody useless mate bloody useless
would you look at this I'm making my own
noodles last Angelo gets the second
serving obviously I've got a look after
the photographer first cuz he's working
it your photographer number two okay
tomorrow feeding the driver first all
right all right done everyone's got food
I'm kicking back with my noodles I'm a
bit and just churn out and then that's
probably the end of today's vlog I
recommend it or sneaking into the
glowworm cave with my which I was still
trying google to see if we can walk in
legally and but nonetheless I'm going to
update the drums kick back for the night
then do a taste test review you ready
for this
ravenous
mmm as far as needles go well I'd give
them a solid eight they're really good I
like them not just because I cooked them
because they had to taste phenomenal all
right it's almost midnight the stars are
out even if I turn this light off you
guys won't be able to see it because oh
wait there's one well there's a few
actually I didn't think you'd be able to
say any cuz of my iPhone but it's potato
SIG's book got a kickback for the night
now we're gonna close shop and go to bed
so thank you very much for watching if
you guys have enjoyed the vlog pitch
leave a like gray subscribe I'll see you
tomorrow hopefully with some drone
voyage and a glowworm cave which you're
not supposed to filming with a camera
but I'm taking an iPhone hence the power
of vlogging but thanks for watching guys
I really appreciate all the support
everyone clicks that share button thank
you so much for sharing it with your
friends and family
I'll see you knit guys next time if we
can reach a whole thirteen likes I'll be
impressed and maybe give away a t-shirt
so goodbye
