oh my God look at them they sell kill oh
my god
oh the mom seem it she's like our decade
Baghdad I've eyes just so dumb adorable
that's all I need to do
he's put hole in the fence and the
walk-in trap him and the mine oh yeah so
basically all just got outta bed like
three o'clock in the afternoon probably
almost four and I'm learning Italian
Italian fucking food for breakfast sick
oh my god
best breakfast ever also my phone stops
working off some shit I dropped it very
hard this was supposed to be breakfast I
think we all did way too much good okay
decisions were made that were poor this
I should have ordered a child-size
portion because there's way too much
food for breakfast even a fucking side
of fries but but either way I'm gonna
give it a review out of ten sauce
he's very wick mixed mixed tastes
definitely mixed bought fuck you but I'm
gonna give it up
I'll give it a 7 out of 10 look a little
too dry a little too dry on the top
bubble than that pretty nice seven out
of 10
nice and here we see a cunt in the wild
looking for people to give a parking
ticket to isn't it adorable okay
not usually fan of BMWs but that is the
brand new 2016 version and that is so
damn nice that I probably only be in
blue house ever every bag
oh I just saw some new neighbors who
moved it at the back of it even building
a house for quite a while and it's like
a beautiful beautiful house and I just
pulled over the back of my driver you
conceiving and they pulled up and I was
like I like waved Emily way back it's
like I never feel like hi Dave so yeah I
think I'm gonna get a mic like a little
card like welcome to the neighborhood
sort thing and go get like a really nice
bottle of champagne so no no will plan
something sounds actually really really
nice neighborly guy I love people so you
know I like people they look up to me I
look after you II okay so listen right
it is oh fuck I've got to go in a
venture and just realize it's office
private I'm not edited just this vlog
engine off times do the Borg I'm such a
sick brother I'm great at giving gifts
it's now what nearly nearly men nearly
made all I just bring you my brother
Christmas present so rightly how's it
gone are you doing
oh we're exchanging Christmas gifts at
in April we're fucking organized because
there you go it's celebrate enjoy will
exchange it like proper peripheral -
thank you
this guy's license plate is hey hey oh
oh I'm visiting my brother mark and look
at this oh my god it's so tiny how small
is it like that's my son and let them go
smaller he's what's it called
Joyce yeah guys love it this geezer
thinking he's a ok look here look here
thinking you like army I'm Welsh
rheology finger action month I like a
figurine Onis all day get out what's it
called again George say glad I see it so
cute oh my god oh my god that is so
adorable she's like bro took me like
nine hours to get in that corner and now
you just picked me out I know he's a gun
camera dog he looks absolutely fucking
massive so cute look at how cute this
thing is it's tired of what up I
actually have one you saw Erik the
massive one but look how cute I forgot
his name already feel like you should be
called vigorous instead bitch Chris you
just look like a Beatrice I'm sorry
George being like a Beatrice I'm gonna
put you back so you can go to sleep it's
so pissed off right now it's trying to
just trying its best to get away
it's coming back flip yeah it's like I'm
yet backing up it's like I am out of
here
so customer just picked you up and start
telling you about me I don't know what I
dropped a girl I was in front of you
yeah
and then she is told and I said 9,000 oh
well I said yeah there are do you know
the guy gaming haha oh shit
a small world a very small world oh my
God look who I found
oh wait a minute what is daylight doing
yeah come this way it runs in the family
what is this loo looks like a fucking
slug you're hittin it makes you like
thirty years older I just like a peanut
yeah this is why I've got great family
look at this thank you
my wife's vent you drink all my friends
are you filming a video this is like
this let me see
don't worry I have spam no none for you
look you call firebombs oh okay there
all be nice revived three like your face
and I don't like these drinks yeah you
could
that's rude I like trains like shit this
is my one I don't know who this this is
my cousin this is my cousin and this is
my cousin I like to Miranda one that
fireball yeah Shawn yeah go yeah yeah
give me bad luck you know yeah Oh God
you can hang you can hang kike hang the
brothers let you down
on a scale of one to absolutely ruin how
I am going a bridge back oh that's great
we still got like three miles of ringers
it Oh almost five four hours booking yet
we out this way
aha chances of me coming out drinking
and I'm hoping it's unlike Joe and you
know me through my videos well it used
to be small jokes and small but what
good fucking size of him he's now gone
Big Joe not because the size of his
muscles just some reasons all yourselves
think it's me
the cameras up it we may have found an
exit see there Snickers don't fuck sake
us wait a minute Oh boys yes deport look
what I found
I found the drug addict so don't fit in
there yet I do not take to roll it hi I
look like a skinhead and kill people for
a living ha ha ha ha cuz you where's
Oliver so so wait this is this is the
one brother who looks like a Skynyrd and
then this is the other what can adopt it
this is my Asian adopted brother that's
going to be a bug this is my adopted
cousin as you say there's going to look
at right now hey listen Tom and this is
my is my cousin from my ride how are you
I like your face it's been nice
oh there's like five of us in a
four-seat castle alex is getting in the
boot you're right there all right like
so it's your fucking bullshit idiot
we're driving in an undercover cop car
we can't show the Reg enjoy your drive
excuse me friend can you get out the
boot you're not supposed to be in there
my friend help me I'm dying I'm fucking
dying
unfortunately I'm related to this
bald-headed car drink Jager I don't
cares about your excuses I'm a bishop
this is the tip I like gingers this is
the typical guy walks into a bar I'm
like I don't like this guy and you got
your own brother right there relating oh
wow looks like he's gonna rub me I feel
like I feel like me
oh my god kill me cook sake I guess okay
Cheers just some Cheers
I like chains Wicca sells itself
this suit is black not so good to cave
we're gonna get so drunk but my sister
is having an argument
my my my my sister is having an argument
with her cousin in the streets about
look at it woof look at the floor I'm
not fuck off now
all right so you want to see fuck yeah I
want to see one game I I need adults
immediately I'm going family fuck your
family the one job you can run job hey
listen just because you look too not
like closes not maybe so swag is gonna
we're waiting for the most pubescent
child but always to be able to drink
that up you just do it now before it's
too actual chance means I'm
self-conscious
that was cute literally couldn't even
begin to exist what happened tonight I
walked out the place we're at tonight we
will it shut the bar down man walked
outside like I've lost my coat
it's like cool what's my coat walked
outside my sister's crying my cousins
are crying underneath okay don't don't
do oh fuck me Oh calm down bro seriously
this guy got fucking kicked in the face
shit went down on someone try to hit my
sister and I came out I was like what
the fuck is going on like did you
actually see you trying to hit my sister
like here punch is a fucking woman what
are you pussy
the day after the night before okay so a
cousin got a nose broken another cousin
got a jaw broken and a missing tooth and
someone did try to punch my sister I saw
none of it go down I'm not even going to
bother explaining what actually happened
right now because it'll take too fucking
long but I'll explain it on tomorrow's
blog so make sure you tune in to that
but that's birthday grabbing a drink and
celebrating for that I'm actually
somehow not hungover right now so I'm
not sure what's going on but anyway
thanks for watching today's vlog hope
you enjoyed it sorry was like like rate
and subscribe and you better all go and
tweet my dad saying happy birthday if
you don't know is Twitter is someone
commenting down below because it's cheap
cross god help you guys faces goodbye
