my goodness it's a beautiful day in
paradise I am not indoors today playing
video games however I should be I'm
going out for dinner with cow Alice and
my mom and look at this they're not
called calves they're called lumps baby
sheep
record lumps I'm an idiot don't nice to
have the decking open the doors open the
house open the windows open it's just
nice to have the house flow and this is
the point of the house flowing this and
flowing this and flowing us if I felt
like it I could even go downstairs and
these pool doors here all these it's
like 10-foot of doors that open up so
you can dive into the pool but currently
it's surrounded by bird shit so that's
probably not a good idea
no of the birds not even kidding the
bird was in the tree there I could
already lined up in the scope of my gun
my air rifle and annihilate that but
like an amazing air rifle which could
have murdered it in one shot but I
looked it and I was like it's a nice day
the bird only likes eating my windows
like is it really worth killing for and
I was just like yeah I'll just wait
until I got plastic explosives instead
Oh mate don't these sunglasses look
really good the almost look is really
good as these ones oh my gosh would you
could you just look at them it's almost
like I own them at one point and then
gave them to cars of Christmas present
all right how's that listen Tom have
from you ever made eye sunglasses right
now Cal pals like Tom I treated your foe
and as I didn't see it look how hot I
was is a baby
Mitchell in me I literally was a fat ass
baby oh my god College is like anorexic
this skinny that like I oughta pies
I'm trying to sneeze me I'll be gone for
like three days I love you I smell like
cocoa butter it's my eyes oh yeah you
seen it she seen it make your president
thank you I didn't get you anything
you'll do it but look like on fuck off
British Airways cookies that's brother
ever are you doing alright okay don't
get me double chin
don't get you double chin just hold it
up hold up I'll tell you all you want no
damn supposed to pi'illo is hello hello
she for the full two days I forgot I'm
so good I came out for dinner with my
mom and sister in hell because I got
this note
thank you very much I think believe I
say that Darrin Taryn thank you so much
because you guys know I'm collecting the
the pop figures if you send it to the
PIO box and Darrin sent me the old guy
from off coral that is amazing thank you
so much it does in the note he said it
looks like my granddad it looks exactly
like my granddad so thank you very much
oh we're eating at the hellhounds up in
the top of the water flow look at that
view beautiful Ellis out of ten watch
meal I've at best
whoa whoa okay cow I really Drive
solid eight solid eight mixed grill for
showers come come cheap and cheerful
chicken burger delicious thank you very
much Alison
se6 nice to come and stay at your
government stage Oh escapee hey I ran
away coming come and stake two eggs some
chips know what mom was actually really
good any other 6.5 bearnaise in my
entire life of growing up with my sister
she's always been the messiest person
eating real she's gone this entire meal
so far without making a mess ignore the
chips you know except I'll give her that
but she managed to knock a fuck up and
spilled food I look at me at Allis mean
I was of that cold that woman brought a
blanket first we see outside any a food
and what we're up to the blanket
together cuz we call me and Alyssa you
know Lisa like cordwood
oh yeah I Ryan I add nitrite and I add
now you see me know am I only tell
teammate for get what at times I love
you me I actually love you this pump
mask glasses bro nice glasses
a soldered alright it screws in time
Karen you're in the in control where we
going we're just cruising on the hill so
far away and Alice's in the back we're
doing a mother son daughter drive aren't
we enjoying yourself enjoy yourself but
woman oh my gosh we're blush we call the
cruising calendar to just cruises listen
to bang dentures to talk to this is
there's one thing she don't need is
another
it's gantu in the ghetto people don't
you say
you wrote a beat the main ring of love
you Mouse mother
take a look at you tel Kabri look back
the nicest day editor day I was out in
the Sun it was enjoyable I was with my
family it was great and now it's just
gone like completely shit the weather
freezing call myrnna goddamn hoodie
stealthily syndicate regional come back
and stock to my bit of self-promotion
therefore your faces 100 quid fuck
public places of the
Oh
right
baby
yeah I said he faked your neck this bite
in this time you cooking doesn't owe me
hundred quid fucking neck today okay
you're okay
lays eyes water a fucking fish de quatre
Tommy's on it and we live it our baby
girl eight seven six five Oh Jane is a
strong supporting black
I'm scale of 1 to 10 I put in absolutely
zero looking to know if se 200 Oh course
we are
yes story time so Tom McCullar we were
like 8 on net Kabir is faster she
carries an anorak the game was Troy he
drank a bit high the band's talked out
the straw quicker than I could ever
drink ginger some reason he's gone three
and stores about five innings
it is absolutely officer I do it's a
longest ships Denton Denton don't don't
do it
right on
inhale through the nose out through the
mouth
seven six five and strung up in five
four three two when you God you've
Leviosa Oh telecoms going for it quickly
out quickly do it for straws I got to
probably carry him on my way and in Oh
No
Tom the cub is absolutely fucked at this
point
and she's going to grab another drink
you know you know the drinks are the way
I am fuck this game it is going to be
the Bob you know if you miss a drink
drape it on Snooki sure is good for the
camera
I got everything here nice looking
my shelf is looking fucking awesome
these the new editions we got my McFly
Tinkerbell and the old man from up right
so this coming knows pizza right now we
ordered it and he has a fucking sausage
is built into the fucking cross so I
don't care about that I'm trying to try
and sausage crust
it's called wiener crushed it's really
crushed that's quite nice I'm scared to
try scared little wiener me me totally
forgot to end yesterday's vlog is that
like a surprise now I'm so tempted to
move the vlogs back to like 7 p.m.
because I'm always late by like 20
minutes or whatever and it's most likely
an hour but that I'm late by some like
why don't I just put it back cuz
actually then I think if I push it back
to 7 o'clock Island uploading the vlogs
later than that to 8 o'clock so I don't
know it's 6 o'clock a good time anyway
we want an answer if 6 p.m. UK time is a
good time for the vlogs let me know if
you could think of a more convenient
time but let me know as well I will
think about we'll talk about but either
way that's gonna wrap up today's vlog
you can see in that tree yeah see see
where is it for it that black dot there
that's the crow so the crow is just
chillin over there teasing me the
motherfucker but at yeah graphic today's
well guys thank you very much for
watching I actually really enjoyed
today's vlog it was like all family
friends and just good time so I mean
balanced gonna go and see my brothers
today so tomorrow's vlog you should see
my brothers and then I'm actually one
seen on my cousins were all going
getting drunk together because it's a
Saturday night and then tomorrow to my
dad's birthday so it's gonna be chaos so
love you guys take faith faith faith is
I love you guys faiths I love you guys
faith is your faithfuls I do love you
guys basis I think you how much to watch
it probably enjoyed my life and I'll see
you again tomorrow for the next episode
so until then how do you leave a comment
saying Tom you are a reptilian potato
kiss
