no no no no aah new dawn it's a new day
and we have a little surprise happening
this morning and I can see it from here
there you go that is our vehicle for the
day the kim.com g-wagen hell yes you did
not disappoint that satg wagon to drive
around in the entire day so just waiting
for the rest of the guys and then we can
get this show on the road
smartening is in food and so me before I
die though I'm waiting for angel' and
everyone to load up all the stuff into
the car
meanwhile I mean oh yeah this is what I
like this is this is what I like how you
liking it in this is this good is this
good is this good calls you ready for
the adventure let's do it
stop one of the destination we're
finally in nature oh my god this feels
so damn good forget the cameras get the
gear I'm gonna head up here holy snap
that big thing right there yeah that's a
volcano this is so nice this volcanoes
all around me but I'm not even bothered
I trying to get to the edge and you'd
appreciate the view ken would absolutely
love this oh so beautiful oh I'm in
heaven right now volcano volcano volcano
volcano and volcano volcano volcano nice
this place is pretty much screwed when
it all decides to go mmm
time for a pit stop and get some food
I've actually eaten but Angelo and
Jeffrey over here good good old Jeffers
cameraman Jeff hasn't eaten
get inside lad get inside okay mind
blown McDonald's in Australia sells pies
what oh yeah for some reason all day
I've just been non-stop saying I'm in
Australia I'm gonna go and shoot myself
real quick fuck this is so nice I'll be
like I'm in like Jurassic Park I saw
this is this is Jurassic Park world
right now
absolutely Carol I can still the trees
and everything just look at that view
beautiful this is your oh come on that's
not even funny how nice that is
oh my gosh New Zealand is absolutely
beautiful gets this year oh oh oh I'm in
heaven right now
oh my gosh can't wait to get down oh
this is why everyone's slowing that
slowing down just for a quick look at
the view
oh my god this is absolutely ridiculous
look at it oh my god that is so sick
it is a thousand percent times like this
are you looking at
fucking a reflection photos look at this
guy go get the shot times like this web
man I just massively massively
appreciate my job
look at this shit oh my god this is
insane this is just downright incredible
oh look at the crooked like the fog like
the cloud go to the mountains oh it's so
crazy I am at one with nature right now
this is how you know you're doing in
style like uber but actually want to
drive it'll be the uber driver again
uber for Tom let's take let's see
hey man can I hitchhike a ride okay fuck
you see out there
this wide angle lens looks absolutely
incredible haha this is tech bigs
everything just looks so much more epic
oh dear boys you're at Jeff alright guys
come out that is so awesome
this is a I'm going to use this for the
rest of the day so big-ass tree in the
road we are right in thickened
beautiful beautiful place absolutely
unreal literally a little sad fucking
world
oh I realized that this is what they
were talking about blacks oh that's so
random blacks and man will just look at
it it's black Wow
oh man is a fucking jellyfish look at it
poke it touch it I dare you touch it
with your broken hand and do it no
product oh I'm sorry I think it's dead
yeah yeah bury it riperoni pepper erotic
like rip ah I pee there you go yeah dude
oh yeah I am not messing with that I
forgot about jellyfish in this area yeah
it's probably lows around here crazy
random but like that's Conn and his
family they're just walking along and so
much like Tom I'm like an entire family
was just waving at me and I was like you
waving at me or someone else in the
distance and lo and behold it was some
fans who recognized me so I'm fine and
his entire family his mum was like yeah
I see you every day of wrestling shorter
I was like awesome so ya can't bring us
me your family's amazing and your dog
doesn't like mister that is some crazy
waves I don't really see any surface
obviously these body board doesn't stuff
up I don't see any surface maybe it's
just too rough and too dangerous not too
sure but either way it is nice and the
weather look the cloud is passing over
us so we may get sunshine yes I didn't
come all the way to New Zealand to get
rained on so no thank you
this is what I like to see these guys
have oh shit run fucking bail bail bail
bail bail bail boom oh it almost got me
yeah I almost got me he not today not
today I'm gonna go and sleep the seats
warm and hopefully not get wet
no no no we probably could not have
stayed so at a time but black cloud just
went nope stray over us
and we've now got sunshine for a good
amount of time before these next clouds
coming so I'm a happy Cindy kid I just
fuckin refer to myself a syndicate
fucking Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
Bam Bam bounce now
Bam Bam Bam Bam where was the Jesse Park
theme shit Jenna no no no no no no no no
did I just stick to filming with my
iPhone and Angelo's got a drone still
run he's got like magic camera it's cut
is DSLR you got a GoPro some leather on
his iPhone I need to step up my fucking
game so so Angelo before this goes viral
of you losing a drone is there any words
you want to give maybe to Luke like yes
not as easy as it looks
no no you trust look how pretty that way
okay might seem like a good idea but
that Walt line getting closer and closer
to tens of thousands of dollars of
equipment risk it if you want mama I
just couldn't resist getting in the
water okay let's look out nice this is
it like the Sun is so beautiful
Oh what oh that's good home fuck I
wasn't expecting together hi whisper
finished pale ones boy look at these
peons ah tit tit wait how eyes it's
gonna be am I gonna survive I'm gonna
take a step back I get there
wait hi hi hi is this
okay we're good oh shit oh shit oh fuck
Ted Ted Ted rah I run so fast these
didn't know it did get you entler oh
that broken now no I don't know
oh shit I run over and it realize that
the waves are coming in so much other
boys what a fucking right over grab the
drone saved you from getting so wet
through
fuck you now he's smiling it's smiling
but for how long is he smiling oh shit
okay
drone is there's a dope-ass drone
oh my god so much money I was like
$3,000 say fucking pretty look at it
like a fucking robot okay yeah I
couldn't help it I was like I'm in
Australia
fuck I'm not in Australia here are
Australians in New Zealand for the
fuck-ups I am in New Zealand but I was
like I'm not on a beach
I want to sometime so yeah my job came
up so now I'm walking out it balls on
show love it anyway he could be flying
us right now he's deciding oh yeah I'll
fly in it is big fucking Mountain which
is probably a crushing to the side of
because I have no fucking faith in
people and drones so please just fly in
the middle of fucking anywhere instead
of that the drone returns successfully
Angelo good job you're not Luke it's
good to know Luke you suck there you go
all these rocks and just like this and
all of a sudden like why these black
these are all clams or mussels oh oh the
baby mussels that is amazing and tell
that he's used to filming in cities cuz
he just got back it's soaked oh my god I
can't wait to see his backpack off we
don't get me fuck no come on I but its
back just got so soaked
look I said you and steady like in his
buggy look at this bike it's just
dripping
your bags just leachable oh no no not
today
oh my banker so oh no oh no please be
okay oh it's not that bad you get oh
maybe not
yeah we're in a bad spot that's was
filming looks like on his phone back
that's all it's over just blows in mind
this gentleman here just walking away I
shouldn't tell he just vlog him a second
ago but if you're watching this in the
vlog he's like he saw it turned up at
the hotel and just missed us and then we
went adventuring they saw my tweet
saying we were like at this Beach so he
just turned up and we're still here so I
just thought settle owed to him so
goodbye friend today has been awesome
really really enjoyed it has all your
stuff doing Jeff I mean oh phone right
and these lenses wrecked Steve our
drivers found us a little secret spot to
go and look out over the city so we're
gonna like walk on over there and go
check it out I feel like we're walking
into a drug baron down however little
sneaky little path so I just look this
is so sick it's like a proper secret
little retreat in Angela are we going
whoa whoa what high five
that's impressive holy snap Wow that is
ridiculous that is absolutely ridiculous
just one of those moments in life where
I realized like how genuinely look I am
when I was 17 years old I was like I
want to make videos I want to put on
YouTube and hopefully people will watch
them I filmed people fighting two old
women fighting outside my dad's house
and making videos on a laptop that I
folded from working part-time McDonald's
to five years later on those six years
later being in places like this just
like wasn't up
apart from the wall mower it's just
ridiculous
I fucking love logging I cannot express
you so much thank you it's time to hit
the road again
let's get on with this and yeah what sir
see what tonight has to offer we ought
to have to go suit shopping because yeah
I'm not allowed to turn up at this place
in jeans so me and agile I'll go and get
some suits and look very dapper so let's
get this started wearing like a crazy
rush to get like a suit and everything
that we walked into this department
store and within like five minutes found
someone this guy where is it this guy
here just was like told him this told
him what I need a read as fast as
possible swiped me out a little seconds
everything's perfect I'm ready to rock
and roll
alright this is Graham you're now in my
video so thank you for being super fast
super smart they've got the dress sense
of a king this man and the year now
you're in my vlog
dude there's gonna be there's gonna be
five hundred thousand people watching
this is that right yeah Kim if you're
watching this thank you so much for the
light use of your vehicle it's been
amazing
honestly Steve you've been an incredible
driver thank you so much for everything
we'll definitely take y'all I didn't say
thank you very much but honestly thank
you awesome man
time to get changed I thought we were
supposed to be ready and down the lobby
for 420 turns out was supposed to be the
place at 4:20 so now it's time to roll
to wherever we're going
actually it's a little complicated plan
of actions where we're going but we'll
just see how it goes damn man
I get the harbor and I tell you what man
if one day I could ever own a boat like
that I have made it but nonetheless
getting on the couch I'm gonna go an
adventure that's let's did it on my face
is changing my family history but again
now I have to welcome you here I welcome
you here once I can be here twice any
comes some late people
only freakin thank you brilliant
absolutely amazing
uh so we're done with film Scarface look
how nice the sky is today angel' you
better get on the iPhone grind and take
some pretty sick photos this is gonna
just continue the comments if everyone
hated it like everyone in the covers of
yesterday's vlog was like wow and your
hates Tom where's that we need that meme
faces the sky right now is on fire this
building wasn't here you can see all the
city landscape we'll try and see it
inside we're now apparently going into
like how spy hmm that's a it's what the
political people call a riotous fur coat
the New Zealand political people about
sir we're about to throw down at a house
party entire culture people are gonna
squeeze into one person's house which i
think is not that one
so this is gonna get cozy damn this
looks hella nice so American yeah have a
wonderful time and I'm gonna turn the
podium over to can't make that up whilst
they were doing all the speeches and
everything the mayor stopped the the
mayor was until he started talking about
oh and some people only just got a suit
15 minutes ago and I was like all right
the only got a suit 50 minutes go oh
this is Vargas now you're in the vlog
sorry
people like what's he doing talking to
his phone so then that was like oh so
what have I got a suit 15 minutes before
coming here lo and behold I was like is
he talking about me he then said Tom
pointed at me from up on the podium like
pointing me out the crowd and was like
yeah you Tom and I was like oh shit like
straight up copy out so I was like I'll
get you back I'll get you back so I now
need to somehow get
for mayor of los angeles for roasting me
in front of mayor of New Zealand and the
mayor or president of China sick it is
happening it is finally happening I am
going to the top of the tower or we're
making it happen we're going down to go
up I would say I totally fit him right
now look at this swagged out as anything
but nonetheless I hope this lives up to
the hype okay that's pretty yeah very my
decisions it's done here anymore now I
may see personally crazy like a laser
light show going on behind me as well
gospel band plays the light showing
fronting look right in front of me whoa
this is incredible so we got apparently
a table for 30 okay this food okay this
looks good
I don't looks so good oh I'm in heaven
I love being apply this is great this is
so great
okay I am yet to piss in cooler places
with a view like this also this is a
please watch this food looks slow down
King fish are lucky no idea
no idea no idea what's the run dunk the
duck run down some sounds great
yeah Jesus oh my gosh kingfish Wow I'm
not even sure what that is but it looks
amazing
and now that is me blogging so you're
now in my blog I make your blog this is
very is there anything you want to say
to the world
well world I don't know I don't know
what the attraction is though he is
charming and interesting so maybe that's
it perfect okay
there you go in the blog in order this
food and then I realized I had cilantro
it and I was like no now I'm stuck okay
so this is what I got
genuinely not sure about how much green
is in the spirit even in me very good
you want to wait to finish a dinner
cheese cheese more cheese jelly and I'm
not sure what that is and also I got
your gift enjoy that is an absolutely
beautiful building not sure what it is
but I like it
right now it is 5:30 a.m. this vlog is
possibly put 6 a.m. and pretty much
every day so far since I've been in New
Zealand the vlogs have been like I
apologize but it's difficult to get back
from a day of doing loads of stuff being
tired and just jet-lagged
then editing the video ready for 6:00
a.m. so I hope you guys can bear with
the vlogs being late but thank you very
much for watching I hope you have
enjoyed it give a like rate subscribe
and return for 6 p.m. every single day
where a new vlog will be live and most
likely late we got loads of adventure
planned I'm doing loads and loads of
traveling around New Zealand over the
next few days I've got the summit coming
up for the next two days as well talk
about technology and cool random stuff I
out so you guys will hear a bunch of it
so yeah I'm gonna get this vlog uploaded
I really go to bed thank you very much
for watching I'll see you guys tomorrow
until then ideals
