oh good morning world well it is now
like six o'clock in the afternoon it
doesn't look it because of how nice the
weather is but the sun is shining I am
awake it's time to stay indoors all day
and play video games I am NOT happy
about oh look at this the farm to the
side of me have just got brand-new
little baby sheep in it doesn't
obviously they're not baby sheep they're
adult sheep but these little babies know
what the calf's ring round they're so
adorable they keep falling over
then he chucked him out the back of that
van they nicked and put him in that van
and threw him in this field so I just
get to listen to little sheep bring
around I can't leave all nice is I'm
just today naked oh look at the very
adorable all the farmers just driving
past it is like quad bike just like
cruising past he's bringing all the
sheep with him oh he's it when this
fence didn't used to be here like when
the old house was there they used to
walk in this garden I should totally
open up the fence and steal one but good
uh good morning BAE
good morning sheep start the day it's
now 7:00 p.m. so this is like a pretty
simple routine to yesterday woke up run
down to the car go and get some food
come back and make videos also I'm going
to talk about jugular because that's
where I didn't yesterday's vlog as well
the reason why I talked about jugular is
cuz tomorrow they're gonna bring around
a car with 20-inch wheels to see how
that fits down my drive probably gonna
be a suicide mission but we'll just see
how it goes
sheep goodbye got to admit sausage chips
and gravy is one hell of a perfect
breakfast to start today wolf and I
guess well could that for dining room
look at that perfect
I honestly have no idea why I decided to
go in on this bones yellow like every
time I've ever gone against this guy I
lose it's a fox it's a statement and
he's $3,500 and I think I've actually
already lost so nope I actually just
managed to make $3,500 escola oh fuck
yes oh dear well it looks like Jeff
Shoji has taken my bait I actually beat
him before for how much was it what I be
every tweet I'm saying like ma haha I've
been here for a thousand dollars in
tweeted and say more haha so he's coming
back for uh for its names basically it's
coming to take what was rightfully his
and he's streaming so if he wins I'll
phone was reaction Oh Josh went in with
some nice knives so if you wins I'm
going to show you his reaction when
shadows popped in on the music once a
get it oh I beat him I beat him so now I
have to wait for Josh she's game to
catch you all buddies so excited look at
him let's get it reactions much much we
know we've already won ready for it what
oh he's so upset
Oh cheesy Josh T G oh you're probably
looking at the lens of today's wanna be
like wow Tom you you made a mistake it's
only like three minutes long
no I completely did nothing all day
after getting out of bed like I said it
like six o'clock like seven pm and
getting around doing shit and we're out
got food went upstairs and livestream
playing zombies all day I had nothing to
record this is the one thing that I say
like I love loggin it gets me how the
house I get doing awesome shit I get to
be outside in weather like this all day
and just adventuring and you know doing
awesome experiences in life but the
downside to that is if I'm gaming all
day which for example I'm doing yet
today in the next couple days I've got
nothing to film I got nothing to do I
did nothing in my day that is just the
way of what will work you know I one day
I'll be out traveling adventuring
drinking partying and then that's a 20
minute vlog when I spend a day inside
just playing video games you get a three
minute walk and it sucked and this is
this is why I prefer vlogging I do love
gaming I love the gaming videos I love
playing zombies I do really enjoy that
but it takes away from my biggest
passion which is right now vlogging so
if you guys can find it in your heart to
bear with me and understand that over
the next few days or maybe probably the
next two days is gonna be like not
really doing much not doing anything
crazy she could be around my house pot
about maybe go into a few shops
something like that maybe seeing some
family that's gonna be it for the next
couple days just because you know I said
I'm gonna be recording videos muds
streaming and shit like that so thank
you for bearing with me and under
standing and yeah I really really
appreciate that now you can enjoy a clip
from yesterday because I'm filming this
the next day you can enjoy clip from
yesterday where I completely made an
epic fail occur ah ah fuck's sake I got
in bed right with my bowl of Coco Pops
nice nice ass nice in Super Bowl Coco
Pops and it's got everywhere eyes is a
complete disaster
