Wow now this is vehicles entrance to an
airport I've ever seen in my life
can we go grab the bags head to the
hotel and go to sleep okay so this is
for a gate which is super quick to get
through security and I actually have a a
a passport Oh
where as yes you do thank God for that I
thought he doesn't have one we're about
to gonna have to get in that queue over
there that would have taken out don't do
that to me man don't do that to me we
get the bags we're gonna get some cash
and we are out of here
well we thought you messed up with the
the passport at the gate to delay us but
no no no Angelo decided to leave it to
when we got to secure a to not tick the
boxes on the back of the page and now
we're stuck in this line which is
probably to take us about an hour to get
through because they're now going to
search all of our bags all of our
suitcases all because he didn't take
that oh good box Oh does not know what
to do right now is like too many accents
British Australian and New Zealand and
wearing a hack stuff we like it a
breather way we queued up all that time
to get through security they ticked one
but what oh my gosh dude you wanna go on
throwing you your paws right what the
heck dude we just got basket yeah oh my
gosh oh good my mind is blown that
people were waiting for me outside the
airport but now this guy randomly
brought a PlayStation 4 to the airport
for me design by the way these guys are
amazing but they gave me a mystery box
looks even with a question mark on it
full of random stuff and even pointed
out that my drivers over there with my
name written on a board so we have to
wrap up cuz I go get my cab oh this is
so awesome mr. Angelo and tom cassell I
like how you're like a man and I'm like
a child it's like okay oh look that's
like what dude wait and sit sit what's
your name to the camera it's been paid
for sir James Lynaugh oh yeah where's
your tattoo he's like I can't show you
where mine is it's somewhere where I
shouldn't show what what did you do I
got it like I just poked him out it cuz
yeah just you've just blown my god damn
I was like just getting my sim card
I was starting out my foot like my phone
so I can update it to upload and be on
the move and posting photos and then
this guy just came over I was like hi
and then blew my mind with this
- you're like in love my brain is just
melted right now
oh yeah be an Auckland baby look at this
the weather is beautiful and I think
it's been raining and here's ah right
I've no idea how far we're going
it is definitely just finished raining
what the heck is our ride clubbing in
style let's do this oh snap
we've made it to her hotel and it is
fancy
damn Daniel this place Litella nice Oh a
check-in now go up the room and
immediately check the internet speeds
oh she only realized didn't give me a
half an hour's life as long as one of me
Oh God
okay so I'm in a predicament this Wi-Fi
code lusts for thirty minutes and it
says this upload is going to take 55
therefore it's not going to load hey
Angelo just walked back with mini god
damn pancakes and I am going to locate
them now that's what I call a breakfast
pancakes bacon and not only a bowl of
rice Angela don't judge me it it's an
oriental hotel apparently okay oh this
looks sick okay I might actually put the
fish eye on Sam soon I should get all
these attachment to my iPhone that way I
could be wet actually useful walks this
is a pretty damn thick look everything
welcome to the daily lab - using a GoPro
that's crazy it's got to such desperate
measures right now that we're using a
Wi-Fi meter
what the fuck Angela it went up to 18
what did you do to it
it went from fucking famous to eat you
we downloaded this app that measures of
Wi-Fi signals in the area to try and see
where the best location for my phone to
be sat is took load this video so right
there it's a 200 let's do that over here
see closer towards the front desk but if
that's any stronger 185 217 or this
video we need to put fogging aside okay
it says 100% uploaded and it's got 13
seconds left
please do not lie to me just please up
say loaded just hit done just say it's a
loaded please please please please
please please
I cannot go through this emotional
torment right now do not get stuck and
you're not freeze just upload and do
your job please don't freeze the
Internet god damn run out if you notice
at the top it disappeared right so I'm
gonna click done and I'm gonna go back
to it please please just do it since
five seconds remaining please just go on
just go yes it says uploaded now but did
it work
did it work our byes it is ready look at
that it shows ready to watch that means
when I click this yes I can have a
thumbnail that means the video is up
it's not ready to be like before we
published yet but it means it's up and I
got it up on time before I love it if I
get it up overall oven that means I've
missed a day with one so look away I
haven't missed a daily vlog yet
hopefully it still goes live book yeah
oh it is actually build I managed to get
the vlog up holy shit at 30 minutes but
why you were always so dead 30 minutes
spared to get the vlog up before it
clusters are not like a daily vlog and I
would have missed a daily vlog I think
I've missed like one day through
traveling to Russia once but that was
just like impossible to to do because
that was that what we fucking did it
Cass
daily vlogging yo this video deserves a
million like ratings do it right now I'm
not gonna lie mate I've don't know what
it is it's just a big fucking tower
fucking brilliant and for the record
expect this accent rather I don't know
what it is it's just like a butchery
fucker face of an accent but oh ok so
that guy was gonna run us over but yeah
but it is what it is so just enjoy it
none news oh my god I'm sold I don't
need to go anywhere I'm staying on this
road forever Jesus help for a nice
pretty power
suppose I'm sick what the fuck is a
pigeon in there ok
yes I'm not lying we'll look what the
heck but how far he goes in the wall
what either way we're getting ice cream
get an ice cream with a like a pigeon
please
you better start daily walking with that
thing I'll be impressed
look at that just me lentils both walked
out with our ice creams liberal nut and
we're just worth like this doesn't taste
like what I was expected to taste like
by the way there is the Nando's people
definitely began the cheeky Nando's this
windy so goddamn strong but either way
we're walking around in the sunshine
eating ice cream because that's what
grown men do father a god that is a
big-ass boat look at this I just happen
to find the one Oakley store in all of
New Zealand by the the guess of things
but I don't I don't actually know these
sunglasses even though I left them in
the hotel fuck Oh cliff you want sponsor
me appreciate that a lot
thank you PM sir we got to the hotel
room and oh my goodness this is hella
hella hella nice got a nice little TV
sticking off the wall and check this out
mr. Cassell I appreciate that thank you
so much oh my gosh we got a nice little
desk Lord chair what's the view like um
videos of nothing insane but the other
way it's nice the bed I've spoiled it
already because it's stupidly
comfortable i sat down on it for a
second because it's just it looked
delicious and it is so nice but if we're
going to the bathroom oh damn is a bad
look this doesn't bar guys well nice
very nice I would like a potato so I'm
gonna get a shower or about this looks
so good oh my god everything in this
hotel is so nice for space design and
look I'm gonna give it um you know what
there's nothing wrong that I'm gonna
give it an 8 and then for the bed not
even kidding oh my gosh that might be
one of the comfiest hotel beds I've ever
sat on in my goddamn life
oh my gosh 9 definitely a 9 alright the
streets of New Zealand after a nice nap
that I took
I've got some really good news to tell
you but the bad news is it's raining
Angelo what is this
like a bucket England for fuck's sake
wait what the hell in two thousand
dollars for that drone light okay that
one looks so friggin cool and that's the
one I've seen Casey use that one looks
amazingly for thought I think I probably
stick with this one anything we're out
in the streets of New Zealand right now
we're walking along the border I don't
have a clue where we are right now for
but gain an extra member of the group
we're traveling around and we're just
trying to find someplace to go out get
some food and get some drinks so let's
see how Auckland treats us so work is
like looking on like this feels so
Japanese and I look to my right and this
feels like so like a British football
instead we meet halfway we're going
upstairs to cassette 9 it's like a
restaurant and bar so let's see how this
goes this looked sketchy ice fog totally
not feeling the rapey vibe right now not
at all totally boo are commenting on all
this interior decoration stuff is just
it just feels and screams in a British
English pub so this is really weird Sam
I got this I got like a lot of different
tasting drinks replot just load a random
stuff so when I say damn decisions were
correctly married look at this of the
chicken wings he's got a bunch of
calamari sorry sausages seem like
sliders oh my god yes I was definitely
not expecting to see Dee so I think you
notice these ones I open this for the
audit muscle
I must be at the UK about as big as my
life my name is Mohammed actually really
really really good food you did not eat
as many as them as I thought you're
gonna do dude just you're not like him
oh shit I don't like them good big huge
just thing like yeah well you did pretty
shit job with your pie
I destroyed I liked how I left this bit
and this bit this many damn sit by the
way this is Jeff Jeff is joining us on
the journey of New Zealand for a good
amount of time you ready for it
yeah I'm good hey listen and we're
already off to like a terrible start the
first part we've gone to like I see your
ID for a drink I was like what's the
drinking age and they're like 18 I was
like yeah sure I gave it my I gave it my
British driver's license and they were
like yeah we can't use ours like what
the fuck's I have to give my passport
we're good but this is gonna be one hell
virgin
well everybody I would order than a
couple place we shall see how they doing
yes
okay you're now my god what's your name
good good Gagen what is this stupid
tower it's not stupid okay just such a
bit of things to deliver something by
the way our club in New Zealand and also
nothing to although he watched my videos
Oliver this one here it's okay go get
the solid gotta give me the started so
we made it we made it in this book I
love how you made this happen I'm not
sure
I appreciate you sorry
number one gap right here right here
this is wolf yeah
I'm sober
right now wait to sober
oh I didn't absolutely amazing time
tonight really good to hang out where
from but like I'm so tired literally I
like all I wanna do sleep I can't
believe is like nearly 2 a.m. all I want
to do is go to bed sell until tomorrow
so dudes look after yourself and ever
newzealand I would planning like the
meet up soon don't worry I make sure I
do but like right now I'm so tight so
please understand the jet lag I'm going
to bed oh your faces and
