dude let's start the day with some fatty
dollars tonight I'm gonna take $1 I'm
gonna get to New York with just this bra
it's so cold outside all my glasses
melted wait all my glass has iced over
that that's more realistic look it's all
ice I could treat you like an ice
skating ring oh but I don't have time to
actually I've got my breakfast and then
go to the airport cuz I am going to New
York New York hello darkness my old
friend Terminal 3 we meet again look how
cold it is okay so is 8 o'clock in the
morning I'm at the airport two hours
early I'm actually on time for something
for once what the actual I've also
got yesterday's vlog already uploaded so
that's success I'm now I'm hopefully
gonna try and get a business class
upgrade on my flight cuz it's a 12:05
still makes no sense I've flown through
a like 46 times and I just got
interrogated not even kidding yet but
what I'm doing in New York I was like
realistically I'm playing video games
and raising money for charity and they
were like why would you do that oh how
badly you guys wish I use one of these
mm-hmm give a cure self of course I
happen to leave England when the weather
happens to be beautiful I think wow it's
my portent so tired today
I look absolutely exhausted book doesn't
really matter I'm gonna be a plane all
day one
just relax that's it I'm just gonna try
and kick back in New York together about
like one o'clock start think so
I've got all day to just do whatever the
 I want okay sleep bank got scammed
three times and had to wait security the
first step for like 45 minutes and then
I get checked again people just do not
like me today I've broken a lot
I'm not flying with British Airways I'm
flying with American out I booked it
through British Airways but put me on an
American allies flag so checking it out
it looks pretty nice kind of bad all
right slot got the necessary items
so you'll see how this goes this is the
most of unnecessary flap on the sea you
ready it just hides the controls that
makes no sense
boys boys boys there's a USB socket so
that's a good sign
there might be a HDTV on this plane but
I have actually not managed to find a TV
I'm not even joking
Kevin what's he wearing for dinner Oh
Chateau with mozzarella I like that is
salad
braised beef cheeks complet chicken mmm
for dessert for Ben and Jerry's ice
cream I like it I like it on it with
damn cheese platter for Kuras I like it
can't tell whether or not there's
actually a TV in the seat somewhere that
might seem really really strange but
it's got like a modern see it's got USBs
it's a really fancy plane but I don't
see any TVs except I think the TV's
behind it
psych
a lot chopped all something to charge
him but his televisions up here is I
wonder
I like the TVs for the plane we don't
actually get your own personal one
because I cannot see at evil wizard
wizard Wizarding Wizarding didn't get up
works itself out of any of these seats
four compartments right and so we'll
just have to waxy made this thing is
touching watch
a big legroom
the pressure
okay so I think I found my television
they bring home an iPod
filled with movies they get back to
knowing I'd like something going to tap
thought please sing
is Tuffle t can just hold
don't wreck their lives I'm
impressive this is
from showers
just like
is that any films I haven't seen
which me look I've usually seen all of
them
see
three
and not see dental okay an example
not somehow
not soon
Big Show
hello folks let's take three Pleasant is
wanting to invite to accountant your
officials very select I appreciate you
getting up early this morning to comply
with us now please just sit back relax
and enjoy the fight with us to New York
day of the
this is my favorite food for shelter
possums
beef cheeks whatever that is carrots and
for dessert better Jerry's ice cream
with hot chocolate vulture I just woke
up after passing the hell out feel quite
refreshed actually this plane is
ridiculously comfy well holy a nice
to fall asleep I bring you my
three-course meal watching a film
Ellis lead the entire way 11 hours
pretty much and yeah we've got 49
minutes before we learn now so great
success so what we can see outside
is so beautiful
so damn nice
so a weird way and after breakfast a pea
salad
okay chocolate chip cookies this food is
really really that good this
this is called Guardians Bay that is
absolutely beautiful over actually okay
so you can see enclosed any mobile you
can see the coast is well nice
actually my denna fly here just going
visit because this
100 but look at the beaches bones
everywhere able to get theyself
so in coming to Doug Lowe is whether or
not should which is just a godless
playing feeling so damn tired gal
feeling completely refreshed likes feels
so good at like four meals which is
insane and an even managed to finish
that first film that was daddy's home
but I watched it all of it and the end
is amazing so I guess a really good film
so let's fly over all honestly he's a
9.5 hour 10 I'm very impressed
also made at this this bedding this is
the coffee as bedding I'm and I had on a
plane I know so cyber like this is the
sponges pillow ever and that is like the
coffee is like silkies duvet ever so to
be brave American airline
first class
New York
look at that really really far away you
can see it at least this is where secure
it usually takes hours I'm hoping it
doesn't look too bad I might be in and
out in minutes
fingers crossed the time is now 2
o'clock let's see what time I get out
all right not about 15 minutes actually
that was gonna take longer the security
line was a real live one of the
worst actually I've seen run but I got
through it through it I got the original
I got through it pretty goddamn quick so
I can't complain you know to get a taxi
and travel on home and made it do New
York where I need to get in one of them
cabs where I'm gonna get absolutely my
pants pulled down with the price of a
ticket so let's get him i realistically
cannot get over how much of a smooth
trip this has been super stoked super
happy to start my day and yeah gonna get
some Sun pissed of Annie Oakley's though
well annoyed weather is absolutely
using today
freezing cold or raining constantly so
I'm genuinely so excited what the hell
is going on over there I dunno where we
are
oh that's where I said goodbye to death
ah the weather is so damn nice holy
anyway made it to the hotel for the
nighttime if two days looks pretty good
and sweet to Google drop a hole my stuff
maybe shower that's doubt the day hey
this trip is gonna be so lit I'm not
even kidding look at my room number 420
I ran I ran all right hotel room on you
we just get in here right now small room
not too crazy picking up two crazy big
but let's check the bed most importantly
usually this to last pretty stiff as a
brick but other than that small room
nice AC let's take a look at the amazing
view I've got year's brough what is that
down there I don't even know but either
way it gets it oh my god I can see into
everyone's rooms in here so I'm just
gonna totally not be naked right now I
actually think I'm not even kidding
as I looked over there I'm pretty sure I
just saw a woman naked
so hopefully that she didn't think I was
vlogging everyone's you be like rewind
it back to CVG I don't think you could
it was like but either way but I
wouldn't say that and let's continue on
with the tour this is the bath nice
bathroom sweet everything looks good got
one of these built-in hair dryers that
looks like it's gathered aids on the
handle but nonetheless this room yeah I
usually give it a review the end of the
stay so right now I'm giving it like a
5.5 nothing crazy
look at the same we'll check the
internet speeds out and see how fast it
is and then we can see how the day will
go from there
sweet okay I casually walk outside and
this dude just got arrested and is now
being put in the back of a cop car
okay them took about 30 steps up my
hotel and then made it to a bench and
I've been sat here now about 20 minutes
and I continue to stay here for another
20 minutes because I'm enjoying this one
very much and I need to track down an
oak list or as well as food comes to
having only in New York I guess a
gold-plated BMW damn Daniel would just
look at that I feel like such a tourist
just wandering around looking at things
filming thing but it's so nice to just
be out in the Sun and bask in it oh that
is one thing about New York that I do
hate and one just beats our
horns 24/7 take a break didn't even know
where I was going and I managed to find
a top man where I can get bunch of socks
and boxers from because I only came with
one pair of boxers and one pair of socks
Oh squee I need myself a new belt and
some new socks and boxers so I feel like
this is gonna be a successful trip this
year everything and even Pops's belt
sucks hey that was probably the easiest
trip to go and get something I've ever
had walked out had no idea where the
store was just happened to bump into it
socks boxes Annabelle now all I need is
food and oakley's and my day is pretty
much finished I knew there was something
too perfect about walking in and finding
everything so quick I went to walk out
and as well cows that I'll just walk
about some new belt now it's not the
other one was like ripping but I swapped
out it didn't Fitness had to
return it uh oakley sunglasses a quiet
or I have nearly made it to my final
location on my wander super dry store we
will try and find some new jeans because
I broke these ones I pretty much break
everything I am what people call in this
world a responsible adult all this
change is beautiful I got all these
weird random buildings that look like
potatoes I think you just got this
someone's having a wedding I should
totally sneak into it but I do not think
it would be a successful mission lots of
people watching if I'm I read it ever
pretty imagine if it was like the
fun's mom and daddy were getting married
or something like that
and then I managed like some
you come in like a ninja looks like it's
not a hug walls or some
that is a beautiful beautiful building
my god I'm so happy to be in New York
right now the weather is amazing okay I
took a plot twist of places and found
like a little Haunted shop which is
pretty damn random is Bay we have fun
like a costume store I just had to
coming out a look and see what the hell
it's about because you know when she
wants the booty
whoa this looks so dope deco my chick
knows I'm gonna walk I don't even know
what's down here don't look it's
supposed to be down here Lee I'm coming
up my walk anyway look old eyes
petrifying that looks like the guy I've
got in a house in America nope definite
nope definite note that you've got on
extra underground layer of stuff this is
the most amazing Halloween store I've
ever been to this is dope yeah that's
Oman busty pirate Darth Vader and then
you've got a Irish hippie et when Bay
gets possessed and floats from the
ceiling watching you while she was
sleeping well apart from him being
swagged out I definitely have to say
I need every single one of these in my
life especially this one I'll never have
to worry about a proper suit ever again
I was gonna wait the loot to turn up so
we could go eat we're just on this
little store here called complete beanie
it says coffee and a waffle on
try and get hot chocolate and a
chocolate waffle let's investigate these
looks so damn good this is exactly what
I need right now
national waffles a snack a hot chocolate
and I would be kicking out in the Sun
but ya messed up
unless I snuck onto this roof somehow
I'd probably immediately get kicked out
but yeah just eating this out in the
fresh air enjoy my day and continue an
adventuring
oh my god ignore the bike I'm in love
with that Jeep Wrangler oh my gosh that
is absolutely beautiful made it
to the middle of like some Sunni section
and I found a mine harassing people
quite literally three cabbages and then
some dudes having thumbs ups so let's
start with a mic what's going on here
but okay
this is so delicate
so down
I quit
oh go on why trip dude look at this guy
yes oh he can dance he's got the moves
he's got the move Kaden ah samara could
catch it the park huh oh this makes
sense birthday okay let's take a look
paid one dollar to watch this video hmm
tempting he's a trash can
very nice and then other stuff Oh scoot
oh my gosh if I could find boosted board
around here I would totally buy one
right now DM KC was like yo if you're in
town gonna borrow one of your boosted
boards I'm still waiting for him to hit
me up if he's actually in town and I
thought god I'm so awesome to be rolling
around on the boosted board right now
place is just so cool I love it there's
so much atmosphere and people in it just
beautiful look at it this is Union
Square how could you not like New York
man it's beautiful oh and we got polar
bears I like it
realistically didn't take me long to
find it I did it my gosh what is this
what's this
Washington Square Park whoa how did I
not see this beautiful I definitely do
not have enough time to be in the city
to be able to enjoy and appreciate it
but it's nice I've been walking around
all day for like six hours and I've
loved it so we see this look I'm filming
myself right now
so I filmed myself and put it on YouTube
I do this every day for the past seven
eight months so you make you feel yeah
I'm making a small Philip say hello
hello hi how are you nice to see you
there you go now you're in the film so
you're now in the film and tomorrow this
will get turned into a video and put on
YouTube and 300,000 people will see it
300,000 people get look so up 300,000
people will see you right now for sure
even my name is Nizam the son pleasure
to me I'm Tom I'm not gonna shake your
hand there you go thank you pleasure my
friend yeah
that's what I do for a job I can't
believe how nice this city can be with
just a bit of sunlight every time I've
been here it's always been like snowing
and raining and miserable but it's so
nice bother you will say hello to the
vlog say hello I've seen you sideways
does that make a different no doesn't
make a difference particularly for logic
right anyway I just thought I'd throw
you in so you can say hello to everyone
all right I'm gonna go mama I love you
love yous
bitches all right who's my hotel and the
one place I want to go to right now is
up there look at that
everyone's up there with loads of
sunlight on them I want to get up there
or on top of that billboard and Iran
arrive list of today boxes check
Oakley's check mmm teas go yourself
Lex uh I didn't manage that look
that anyway helicopter ride no super dry
store yes oh my god I actually managed
to do everything today I'm actually
impress myself sweet would you look at
that I come to buy the middle of New
York and look who I find yet alms for
the poor
wait you're homeless it feels so good to
reunite with Luke oh this is so much
listen you're homeless in your prime in
New York okay don't laugh well you can't
be what you want to be in life wait you
put what did you just say almost people
make it out people having sex
so either way dope boosts never take a
look at some fancy food and we come to a
place called Gotham listen hon trilling
- they took you to the best place you
can find this is like a five-star
restaurant called Gotham so like I said
this restaurant is like a five-star
restaurant like it's stupidly expensive
but it's stupidly high reviewed so I'm
expecting like one of the best meals of
my life in here like the fact that we
even got a table tonight is ridiculous
because the place is completely packed
why is my hand purple
but the fact for my hand to be purple
right now actually makes no sense
because there's no purple light in this
building whatsoever but either way
Luke's got an old fashioned and I have
got a house whiskey and coke we're in
like butter super fans are super super
super super fancy so I'm trying this
whiskey and coke
I can't judge it I'm just so used to
chambers and coke I'm like is this even
alcohol okay cause one is up got some
prawns up in this his knee and I don't I
have no idea what we've got I did that
judicata I don't even know there's like
oh my gosh look at this that looks so
good meal it was splitting a meal here
just because we're waiting for Hillary
still then we've got what's this tuna
tartare earth the foie gras was foie
gras seared foie gras Sid what's foie
gras duck duck liver huh a mess then
that's do what I'll attend this dish
that's really good Tenten I give it I
get a seven these little mushrooms that
are in the bottom of it really nice and
delicate oh my gosh so good can we try
the foie gras I'm sorry for the
amazingly bright light but I need to see
this food this Fargo this is basically
just don't fire right it's duck liver
all right let's give it a go you ready
right
as Jordan did you could touch him at all
I don't know I got into mine oh my gosh
oh this is like compliments of the house
right now because Hillary thank you have
I've just turned up then she's having
what we had before which is an admit
that's a ten out of ten dish I just gave
but because we're gonna be sat around
doing nothing they gave us an extra dish
of what it was
risotto yes shrimp risotto so I cannot
wait to dive into this we're the
fanciest place like you can probably
find in the net in the radius so this
Oh later on this is ridiculous
this is a ten dish as well okay I know
for a fact now that I will not be able
to finish all of this food oh my what
did you give Lambert I'm right rhenium I
got pork chop
oh my top that looks incredible and you
got I can't
all three dishes look amazing I mean I
don't even like this you know it's
delicious it looks delicious but let's
be honest it's good enough if you don't
but the sauce is so strong don't know
why people do this reduces the song the
song the sauce is so way too strong for
this dish it is really tasty there but I
might be strong I am
food comas look how that sort of relief
is yours good I thought I know I tried
Luke's Luke's is so buttery so crystal
no that gets a nine outta I'm not as
good today
Christmas Justin I'm just adjusted I
they don't around here at the
review channel you know I'm gonna make a
review syndicate
okay I'm gonna make I'm gonna make like
an actual review website where I review
hotels restaurants and films and video
games dude it did it oh my
goodness me and then we've got dessert
we've got the white desert well then we
got the famous Gotham chocolate cake my
yeah he said famous right he said he
said famous famous what is this no I
guess it's all baby just chocolate
little bits as well damn son all right
you guys can enjoy X I'm so full I can't
move
alright time to see how famous
is driving a little bit
me with that logic yeah it's good I
don't even know how to describe that I
buddy just melts in you what oh why am I
in New York hi friend
high five nice tie oh thank you nice to
review the food review the restaurant
but I haven't yet reviewed the toilet I
was hoping there was knowing in here
whilst I said that because that'd been
really awkward bought nice toilet in
there yeah I know
scented a fragrance hand soap Oh
comfy tissues and knots true tissues I
give this toilet now ten wait a minute
so all this trash here is why there's so
many roughs in New York City yeah oh it
smells like hurry hurry what's that
building in front of us what is that
the paint on the wall it's the Empire
State Building for fuck's sake you
idiots they were like I don't know what
it is
you don't seem home alone that's
it present you got Jordan my god be
Electric kool-aid acid test electric
kool-aid acid test it's a book the
Felton says to build a test
New York day one great day probably
gonna wrap up today Hillary it's been
great to see you again you look like a
startled cat and that's but not least
mr. Jordan pans of spackle eNOS if
you're watching this vlog right now we
give you live streaming so make sure you
click link in description now do it to
watch our faces
now raise some money for children I
didn't see it exactly yet kids adults
everyone know in state with kids I
wasn't just kidding pretty much yeah
adults were sorry about don't matter as
much as chance it's the parents a that's
gonna win today's vlog I'm actually
gonna end a vlog for once because in the
UK Hillary I always forget and then I do
it the next day so I love your face me
and Hillary and Luke note me and Hillary
now to take Luke on because Luke is the
beverage alcohol man who usually is and
he actually has a hotel for now so we're
gonna take Luke we don't know what
you're talking about but either way
thanks for watching Hillary what should
they do
keep watching subscribe like I've got a
youtuber I don't know the street like
it's everything on Facebook and Twitter
and Instagram and follow all of my
platforms on social media
nailed it I somehow managed to shout the
British are coming in the uber driver
jumped out the car in a way so
great evening
