oh yes you twerk the booty nice oh this
is why I love being British fish chips
and gravy and it tastes like sex what do
you know about getting the vlog
yesterday on time soldered yesterday's
vlog up on time I'm happy it's only 2
p.m.
I've got 4 hours till the videos going
live so for the rest of the day I can
relax and do whatever the hell I want
take a kick back and watch Netflix
totally lied about staying in watching
Netflix all day I've come to see my
grandma but I don't know if she's in
honor she never she never sees me I'm
never in the country for 1 & 2 she's
just never sees me cuz I don't know she
was quite far away but slacked off a bit
of a drive and TV she's in well that's
the present she's not in drove all this
way and she's not even fucking here ask
where she's probably taking a shit
anyway but look at this is what my
grandma's always had just weird
tacky garden stuff look at it look at it
look at it incredible now it's time to
go and see my ginger cousin so we'll see
if he's in as well I should really ring
these people and let them know I'm
coming but I like the element of
surprise say fuck it
ah like a bucket away I've been stuck in
traffic literally behind this fucking
truck for about 25 minutes but I'm just
staring at this woman in a bathtub the
fuck is going on oh my gosh this is
Oscar hello another cassell to the
family hello are you playing on games
are you playing I thought your play
again oh so this is my my cousin's
little baby hello do it two weeks old oh
my gosh you're adorable new you're gonna
grow up with a life of alcohol hi
skydiving that's with me and just being
looked after very well okay so give me a
high five two hours or two people I went
to visit today we're not in this is why
you should plan things in advance but
either way I cannot believe I managed to
bump into Sean oh my god Sean just had
the baby obviously like I said too
exalts super fucking cute I swear to God
Oscar selves have nothing but male sperm
in our genitals as it we like I have I
have two two female cousins and probably
20 male cousins the Cassell family is
not
anywhere anytime soon you know what it
has been a damn minute since I gambled
on csgo lotto so today I'm gonna do it
yeah oh god I have put up my stattrak
m4a4 how cuz it's minimal where and the
reason why I don't well I say I don't
care that I bleep I do
Oh what the shit this guy went imitates
me with a dragon law or focus camera now
is not the time to not focus can i when
a dragon well back camera and dragon
mode back camera dragon roll back oh no
my drug dealer back I was definitely not
expecting someone to put a dragon law
Rob it wasn't factory-new so it's not as
good as my old one but either way I got
dragon look like I have it regularly
over trade so I'm kind of happy about
that plus I got it recorded so you guys
could see it yeah oh my god that feels
good I just won like $1,250 so that's my
gambling up for the day I would have
liked to have won like ten knives and
then just played with knives right and
over there our bought I can't complain
Boyka my mom uses my gate is my friend
or it works now the game works the no of
the game no you're Indiana Bush you mean
oh no so you might recognize this guy DJ
mostly also I'm pretty sure that's
phased census face on there but anyway
this is the guy I went up against before
I won the dragon roll off so if I win
this now he basically just gets his skin
back and I'm even he's even no matter
what but if not then I just win like a
shitload a knife so what's gonna happen
yeah
Wow today has been a good day on csgo
lot a holy shit I am one happy bunny
rabbit after winning that damn son
I was not expecting that but either way
we won so fuck yes enemy what the fuck
is this I've uploaded a video to my
gaming channel for once what the fuck
yeah you read that reap it bitches
I had to bloated a game called slither
slither and basically just a big penis
and fly around killing of the penises
collecting penis remains from other
penises so yeah I'm finally made it oh
fuck I just broke my screen next day
there we go just the cable file but
anyway yeah I uploaded the video it's my
gaming channel just was like today I'm
gonna make another video and then yeah
there's the video so that's not you
shoosh yeah
past Tom that's how you make videos so
I'm now going out to put on my friends
so let's start day
yeah I made it sound like the day it
ended what hahahaha it's world
domination numbers as we watch them go
up add up add us maybe sir
sir please force great subscribe now ah
to beast that's my reaction every time
one of you subscribes by the way so ah
up another number
oh fuck yeah listen here you folks
before one of you says do you not own an
eye on Tom bounces now that's why my
shirt is completely crease but we never
we never saw that did we guys we never
saw a fun thing I forget about vlogging
is that you this lens is your Bibles
yeah that's pretty much so this is you
me connecting I don't know who you are I
don't know where you are but this is you
and me connecting with each other right
now this is personal this is this is
love this is love love straight love
sweet love I don't know the lyrics to
that song but either way I need to
remember that so I often like you can
just get caught up in the fact if I oh I
need to vlog this all I need to share
this part of the day but I also need to
remember to connect with you guys so
look but connecting I close the blinds
we close the blinds together almost been
really creepy if you're like sat there
with headphones on I'm just staring at
you it was sexually closing blinds that
that is my version of being sexy don't I
say the darnest of things either way
fuck is that noise yes boy Tom's - Tom
that's got like one of the nicest cars
out all the lights I'm pretty sure it's
a Volkswagen what's your car
what Golf R bro it's fucking sexy I'm a
Tom MC is about to drop the fucking
bitch oh this is what Tom MC rolls deep
to any black oh good you to put
buh-buh-buh-buh famous DJ's like so
fucking sick Road it's DJ Tom Jolanda do
well where is he I'm user hey Tom had
one more one-sided ah what are you doing
is how you been
they didn't want to drink the Red Bull
so he dragged the shot of a straw when I
like you know what I've got some
mccallum how you feeling I feel a chill
where's they be how you feel hey oh we
got one
guys like if we gonna fit do you know
how many bugs do you want to steal from
the Pope you don't know week we shot did
it cost you 12 pound 35 because that's
was my shop does weight that chopper up
there he's fucking cruisin for a bruisin
mate no mate he got a 14 kill streak
with her and II think there's a chopper
gunner here we are observing the who can
walk in a straight line for more than
five seconds test she's trying she's not
she's crying she's not he's failing
season up everyone's just fucked not
entirely sure what's going on but my
friend Tom McCallum is in this car and
he's locked it and apparently just
dreaming his tits on in his car cranking
the music no idea what he's doing but
he's just kicking back in his car
I cannot take Tom become seriously one
engine it just turns around the house
what are you what are you you're reading
the web you're reading the wedding
invitation I literally sent in two women
to fucking Oprah Michael turn on the
sauna and I fire them both riding the
fucking whales adopt dolphins what are
you fucking queer live quite literally
not even back in my house for more than
20 minutes yet someone's already been
thrown in the pool fully clothed so this
is Tom putting together a Tull t-shirt
and pants care package to make sure they
can still have a good night without
being a so we're through so Tom just
being a good guy ah how the fuck is this
guy
Hey
oh he is going to die leaving my house
about those odds
totes giving booty a a a house
my goodness Bernie when you don't wait
one step attend the lights on excuse me
sir what have I just caught you doing
them up wait this is the thumbnail you
ready smile bitch oh I do not have many
rules about my house like genuinely
serious status right now I don't have
many rules about the house the one rule
I have is if I don't know them they're
not welcome in the house unless unless I
like a really good friend can vouch for
them of which someone did so why I'm
second-guessing this right now is
because the young man we just sent home
tonight I used to like throw up on the
toilet which I forced away I was not
going to show you sick we throw a ball
on the rim inside it
whatever he threw up all mine that and
so on Roman the fact that he threw up
all over his hands
and this is his sake against my lights
which my wall am I would I'm just like
what the fuck but my be like oh that's
just part of the whole drinking game
never in my life has someone thrown up
in a bathroom and then managed to carry
their sick from the bathroom
to a light switch to to the window to
the wall that's a nice jacket you're
wearing we're saying
Oh
so I totally forgot to continue filming
because I went upstairs and passed the
hell out
knocks house drunk just I was so so
tired and I forgot at 9 a.m. I had to
wake up to go to nosy Safari Park a god
damn driving Safari Park with my sister
and Kyle so that's what I did today it's
like five o'clock I was five in the
afternoon right now and yeah last night
was amazing
boat ended up staying right everyone
ended up crashing like places all around
the house like these people on sofas
people everywhere and I had to leave
woman like 9 o'clock in the morning just
to like go off to the Sapphire back but
everyone's gone now that's good the end
of the day I hope you guys enjoyed the
video if you did make sure leave a like
rain subscribe let's try and see if we
can hit 20 2227
mmm seven like ratings and yeah see you
guys say about the day in the comments
so as always I love you guys faces and
goodbye Bodi you're a little bitch and
you owe me 400 quid mate
