dudei it's time to leave the optic house
is big Tamara wait for me to say goodbye
boob - oh no big - Pisa hops Kalin been
a legend optic cows thank you very much
hex thank you very much for let me stay
who love you all till next time stay
awesome well I have the best taxi
service this morning hey Shelley Shelley
what what ah thanks for the ride to the
airport appreciate it
Lex thanks but my seatbelt is come on
did it just did you just get caught is
that what it was
ah have you enjoyed me join you six legs
yeah that's great
you gotta say that nice stuff snow you
guys gonna get your glasses he is
zooming in I could see myself in the
glasses
whoo I'm totally missing this fucking
fly stuck in fucking traffic it's like
being in LA all over again
Oh in the police emotion what is
happening one sink
this is why I love Lex's mom she gave me
a girl that's a foot she gave me a great
idea of sticking my phone out top that
right here from the traffic we can see
we're fucked
Tubbs I think it's different all that of
nasty shit done now if I stay accident
let's get this fucking place rich and
white location a quiet no no forget what
she just like okay Lex was not lying the
line at the airport is absolutely rude
dick killers okay
made it through airport security I was
still in line for about 45 minutes and
then they turn around somebody was like
yeah we're closing this line I was like
I'm boarding in five minutes so they
were like there's nothing to do so I can
play the good point of the plane he got
me straight through security and I've
got ahead to my gate and head to Los
Angeles because if I miss this flight
that I'm gonna be late for the
make-a-wish thing so it's not my fault
secure it here oh no oh no it's a wizard
piano right there straight up wizard by
some look of a miracle I managed to get
McDonald's and make it to the plane
nice this much is up with this legroom
just like flashing away some woman back
there at the very back I got a quick
time restraint like when playing Anna
she's long as soon as possible she
doesn't wait than everyone playing to
get
so me being a nice guy
I'm swapping places to the light all the
way in the back just so she gets out
that's let's get back there I also
totally hopes you could hit anything I
just said it and then I guess for a
switch and cease to get a free bottle of
wine that get about 20 minutes before we
left
and then ship world
life is you can
for now it's now time to go and sit and
shit loads of traffic you have made it
the traffic is already brewing and the
weather actually looks not too bad so it
may be a wimp
moment of truth is there a line for taxi
I don't even know other taxi rank is
this guy thinks GTA 5 news have you got
down there for these these are good I
gave him a compliment that they're doing
nice oakley's they said they're fake
you've had them for four years and
they've never broken but fuck that yeah
hey what do you think of these ones try
these ones on through yeah these are
mine try that ones how you like them but
it like yeah this is an app called geek
you can just get really random gadgets
yeah it's free download you just use and
I already ordered like $30 stuff really
it's more than hearing all the stuff I'm
gonna get it you can buy a fake
something it from Hong Kong really yeah
there's your phone back there taken hey
you're crazy
I should kind of technically have shit
loads of mail and yes I have hit loads
of mail for fuck sakes gone for like a
month flush two months came back to like
20 letters so that's fucking sweet most
likely all bills and a crapload of junk
so through all that and the recycling
it's time to go up to my room and
nothing I'll change it'll be completely
messy from when I last came back from my
last trip and yeah I'm gonna get ready
for the make the wish time yeah
are we home boys home sweet home is
actually not that bad like this is stuff
that took out the fridge body fridge
also stocked with water beer and cokes
that's great actually
only milk and cereal and I'm set wait
web cereal do i yeah absolutely
nice but this is the stuff that I'd gone
off in the house simply orange the pulp
is just flowing down this naked drink
that I completely forgot about and some
nacho cheese and I think that's probably
still in dates all about 2050 I actually
didn't leave it in that but at the state
it looks pretty nice and clean to be
honest so I get all my washing done
because I actually I don't think I've
and
clean clothes go wash all the bedding
wash all my clothes lying around wash
all the towels just set everything up
nice and clean for when I return from
New Zealand even though it only be three
days but it's nice to be back
blowjob some bad news can we all please
take a second with a rip in the comments
to wish Mike one a very happy death yeah
I kind of forgot about the plan and it
used to be alive and now it's just
Kristen I just remembered I always get
rewarded in alcohol remember when that
guy left his phone in the car returned
it to and made that like stupidly
dramatic video because I was drunk as
fuck Romania and they gave you a bottle
line well because I swap seats we sort
on a plane and I got another bottle of
wine so I'm just gonna keep as a trophy
so should we make this every my trophy
bottle of stuff this is like one of most
expensive bottles of champagne I ever
bought in my life so I can stay there
that's one trophy for a ring that's the
trophy of regret and now we've got the
trophy of kindly swapping seats in a
plane and that's just death and regret
in general so let's just leave that
totally forgot to show you guys what is
in this package now let's end this like
two months ago I know I just got it
bought remember them saw the shoes that
I had out in the optic house well guess
what she actually sent me some other
ones what are they actually called hover
kicks so I've got some hover kick
fashions where'd she find riders did
give I press this button ah they change
colour which we already knew it did but
these ones are apparently really look at
them they're so sick I'm definitely
gonna find a reason to wear them for
something but miss Fleming aka Alexis
thank you very much for the shoes I
appreciate it so the box that they came
in conveniently fitted in every single
thing I need to throw away so now I can
just carry them all at once so double
thanks Alexis your convenient little
shit just love drawers of random shit
headphones wires wise wires wine opener
suction thing for a mirror a windscreen
sorry clusters ping-pong balls a razor
blades laptop and a lock just the random
share in my apartment in LA bull eat it
waffles look how shiny these look I've
just used this it's like an oakley
cleaning kit come to like sort of
microfiber cloth and this little pouch
every time you buy is pair or exponet
tomorrow morning the shop you get it
like you get free case and you get a
free Saturday's I've never used intern
oh look how frigging shiny look compared
to like my other oakley's look at them
these looks so so doing the shower
and see what it looks like but yeah I've
got loads of them and lakhs gave me like
four other packets of these so like I'm
gonna be walking around with the
freshest looking Oakley's ever and
whilst we've been gone I've lost all my
white pairs in the UK but we've bought
we've now returned of it like a potato
with his hair but we've now returned to
met black and gold's all polished up
look how nice those bad boys look I got
this one over here but they're not the
same collection so I'm just like yeah
yeah a peasant's book they look so nice
and clean razor up and roll washing
machines on no sorry dishwashers on
tables gets from dishwasher on washing
machines on a cease cooling down the
building and I'm getting ready to rock
and roll out of here at 5:50 let's chill
children changed ready to go I'm just
waiting for Hilary to pick me up I just
realized something like I have so much
swag lying around this place that I like
I don't use I don't quite open something
so this make-a-wish kid I usually like
take like a bag of like syndicate oh gee
swag like the clothing company I usually
take a lot of that stuff with me and
like you know there you go if you want
you can have it but I just realized like
I have an extra rucksack I do call it
rucksack I call it rucksack and Lex was
arguing me whether or not I rock sack
because I always correct myself saying
backpack
I guess she wins the argument all right
so I've got a spam of these bags so I'm
gonna hook him up with this bag my
recent loot crate that I accidentally
got too awful for some reason and no of
IFM mini that raises sent me here in the
US for some reason they also sent me two
of them so I'm going to give that to him
as well so razor thank you for the swag
I am totally stealing it and giving it
to someone else
sorry oh wow how you been high-fives
immediate high-fives back with the homie
we're meeting cha-cha-cha ciao guys
how'd you pronounce this name it goes CH
a with the triangle on the top of it you
someone couldn't help you pronounce that
in the comment I'd appreciate it play in
a child right now just wants to run
through that but we're going up to Dave
& Buster's that's the one we're going to
Dave & Buster's what what's the what's
the guy call again we're gonna meet up
with Dylan so heading up there right now
what you're actually is gonna kick my
ass in every game we play
probably fuck look who I'm join with
Dylan you spent likes and a wish a wish
on me why I'm interviewing you this is
how we do this
Dylan why did you spend a wish on me
alright guys mr. tom cassell right here
you pronounced it right okay that's
that's brown that's brownie points right
he is an all right not our downright
genuine like awesome person who just
like vlogs his life and plays video
games and just like has a great time
with everything first of all I'm going
to show you hand and then I'm gonna say
you could have done anything with this
wish you could have traveled to space or
something like that instead you were to
hang out with me for a day I mean like
he's like oh I regret it now I'm totally
going to space instead damn it yeah
Dylan
so in the first game when we were lucky
you beat me by some fluke wizard
accident I don't even know how you did
that well then we just did it staring
into the right place and just pressing
the buttons and I warn you you jelly
grow and jelly if you do right
concentrate concentrate you got this all
right well my gonna be so in a minute in
a minute wait I need your phone is fine
a check you got one 182 in a minute oh I
got wait I got 277 kick-ass right
throwdown amazing like wacky bird but
flapping tickets
wait for that go wait I think that was I
going oh shit well maybe but all right
we get it
I gotta go again your face I'm chasing
ya blew your red
I'm struggle to the buggy going down all
right crash concerning Fashion Bug rush
no I just a good okay boy
Pete high school series new high school
yes nice I like it yeah we're all gonna
be able to buy like a rubber ball so
yeah that's all
and that way like that so much like so
yeah
look at my face devastated right you
show me our stuff if you ain't imagine
you get three things it just gets all
walls okay what's up I am severely
disappointed in you gonna make it
absolutely rain going to any watch rapid
fire I'm not gonna weigh I'm just gonna
hold it in one spot like that
come on let us win something 37th I've
come on
it's just stacking them together you can
move it right there oh we got this bro
we're gonna win Oh what I want one coin
shit on it I want to win something wow
they're so random girls have been
waiting like $50 into the machine
I got not one get I got three cards
what no way I don't even know what that
means but we'd go alright let's see how
hot I can walk it
I know I don't understand how it
determines what you got
you eat harder than me what okay you
just found the best game ever
real life computer beer pong what the
actual hell there's a little kid playing
this is so damn cool this is quite
possibly the best game in here like I'm
so well i'm beasting it right now
whoa wait I should play beer pong with
my left hand rather than my right hand
it's just sick I want this in my house
are you doing Oh your best
you beat me I've gotta concentrate oh
I'm a bit okay let the ship terrible
terrible fun gosh my neighbor right I'm
no puffle he was born away and look you
did it in one line the entire way hey
man you are an absolute champion it's
but a pleasure hanging out with you and
you're really really good at video games
so before we wrap up we've got to take
all the coins that we won of this
machine to go into Javon win a prize
what's the coins that we got on the card
oh yeah don't lose good cards man
they've got five times
so what we're gonna do is with the other
cards that the company gave us we're
going to throw into this machine and get
as many parts as possible yeah we're
gonna win the biggest prize in this
building I swear pick your brain in this
comment you do this I want all those
guys all the cards alright alright so we
put like honestly like a hundred dollars
into this gene just because we had it on
the card to play with we're gonna go
cash out now and see how much we've got
it was the most expensive thing is that
it doesn't have them like physically so
hard okay
hey if we have that many cards I'll be
impressed for I realized what okay we
definitely didn't get two hundred ten
thousand no off the chance oh no way no
way my friend 3642 dude go and pick
whatever you want it is yours you dare
get a minion and I will kick you to the
ground by don't you dare just cuz you
can't get the Xbox let it go alright let
it go with my ponytail because you get
your own as well all right just let just
just let it go alright I've abandoned
him because instead of me standing there
like kicking something with him what
we're doing is he's got the three
thousand six hundred forty two points to
spend on anything and I'm gonna go in
the room and he's going to bring it back
and surprise me with whatever he brings
back so we were going to see some
weird-ass shit
Oh
something really really cool so I have
so much faith in them all right is
return your own bag you got that much
dope you got back all right
you did get the Pikachu okay he bought
he got one smart gift smart Pikachu a
giant pen all right this is good okay
all right you got a chill pill I like it
I like it the biggest ver glass ever
okay a vague sense is that is that we
got all right you know what I get I'll
give you a nine out of ten that's a
really good combination of stuff I was
expecting like five like silly strings
like bouncy balls pencil erasers and
that sort of stuff for you I'd give a
high five for that good shop we didn't
think this would work oh my gosh I'm
signing my side I'm a twisting yes
feel like I'm signing like the
Declaration of Independence semi college
please work something it works okay this
is difficult though the weight
distribution is ridiculous they still
look like combined in a whole different
language
that's not English it is ice cracking I
thought you might need a loan there you
go
it's all right buddy Oh measured to my
main man and then the listing that
you're the history man
all right yeah pleasure bro glad I could
make fries oh that's so sick dude cool
yes that is how it's done
like a boss I was looking straight yes
straight at the camera ha ha ha look so
dad knows hey Hillary we just made
someone's wish we did that was that
that's fucking cool
so this bomb team work is an absolute
pleasure and thank you for organizing it
I love your passion I see you again soon
fucking elevate a small talk it's like
the one good thing ever like on this
conversation is dude he got off on the
second floor and by the time we even got
to like the second floor who's like what
do you do I quickly tried to say as fast
I was like I travel the world and fill
my life you know it's pretty much what I
do he was like oh cool so why you live
it away I was like I've got a hope in
hell I've got a hope in the UK I'm going
to New Zealand in two days and I said
that all the door was closing and then I
that was just it so then I fuckin
vanished yeah
but I have the most Awkward awful cough
right now it's absolutely driving me
insane I need some medicine for it but I
don't think I'm gonna stay up and do
anything I'm gonna watch the new game of
Thrones episode and go to bed so thank
you much for watching actually I need to
put the dryer on but thank you very much
watching guys you've all been awesome if
you did enjoy today's vlog click that
like button subscribe and I'll see you
tomorrow for the next vlog and yeah
honestly let me just say it really does
blow my mind that I can have the impact
from like one playing video games and to
just log in my life to people want to
use a wish that they could do anything
they literally can do anything they want
and they use that wish on me and just to
hang out for the day not go and do
anything crazy just to hang out kick
back playing games or you know just
chatting so honestly I thank you I
really really appreciate your guys
support and love and all that sort of
stuff so I love you
I'm now freezing my tits off because
they left the a/c on and I'll catch you
guys tomorrow
