hey thank you for the food
I'm so sorry that I forgot I've got
probably the most important means of my
life in 20 minutes ago
so yeah in 20 minutes ago mr. Nick I
love you thank you so much for the food
it was incredible and everyone go and
tweet and say Nick you're not dick we
love you this looks something like out
of a James Bond movie look at that it
just goes on like what I say miles like
just ages I'm in a car park and this is
like when the most important meetings I
ever have in my life I'm going having a
count intact meeting oh my goodness that
is big brother in a nutshell how many
cameras you're on a post meeting over
couldn't take you guys in there it had
to be like super secret super quiet but
it's done by like for the other you won
the jackpot
cashing out yeah really really important
mean over god I got it done gonna wait a
few weeks to find out the outcome of
that so we'll see so yeah Oh boys
vapenation vapenation hey tree hate 3
shout-out to the homie this would be so
difficult to see so dot well Sarah join
us say hello to Alfie
I'll bet she's a huge fuckin serious so
dog
what meaning kind of you say you're such
a fun oh my gosh do you fancy him oh my
gosh alright I'm going now this is just
getting weird look at this car driving
that I can't even tell what carries can
you get some a senior's is it I can see
the bunch could not tell bright purple
but and it says on the back of it rest
in peace vile GTR
five to 2016
it's like the weirdest thing ever like
so my windows are getting clean by the
window cleaner I was walking down and I
saw water like oh cool I saw some on the
phone I was like that looks a bit weird
like looks like kind of like me
what the hell's that and what the fuck
is that like a new or something what
what actually is that I'm soaking it
like a miniature new or is it like a
species or is it all mouse rat thing I
don't know someone please tell me what
that is because that is fucking weird
but for some breakfast wait a minute
what are you doing here what are the
chances that and it doesn't matter still
around gonna write the chef oh shit
that was a woman's meal this was a man's
meal and this is a King's meal look at
that sausages awesome just for mercury
egg three toes damn yes son all right
how is for finishing your dinner you get
a six out of ten for that if it your
eating skills you look I said it wrong
that's why I'm redoing the video pretend
this never happened
are you India you get a four out of ten
that's a poor job that is a poor poor
job I give myself a six because I made a
smiley face look two eyes two eyes and a
smiley face but they might and a neck
you get at out and you've already that
food so good luck to you after lab you
want to read Oh Nicholas this is gonna
be the end oh my god I second that
it's another goodbye love you my friend
India it's been a great day thanks for
hanging out appreciate it for a sausage
by the way I'll feed roastmaster Saiga
yeah I just got back to my house and the
crows were here look this fresh shit
look how much fresh Hitler is just got
back here now I'm not kidding
like holy tits The Crow is
it's like it's twice as big as my head
that was like so big but like literally
it's fucking huge I don't think a bullet
could kill it I think we need some
plastic explosive oh my gosh just walk
up to Napa flight two hours to find out
that the Jaguar is on its way around to
this house right now to see if it fits
talent drive so we'll film it to up at
the house and we're trying to see if
it'll let me test drive at home and by
test drive I mean sitting passenger
seats I'm not 25 to drive it
oh no we got the car to the drive to see
if we can get it down check this out
look how close it is like it's pretty
much touching this is like a trim of
plastic but it scrapes the bottom of it
my mom's again ah riperoni pepperoni the
car just touches the front end of it we
thought because they are rate yeah
alright made it down absolutely fine we
figured that because they said of like a
like a much shot of front it would make
it down easier but not so much oh my god
this thing is absolutely beautiful oh
wait spoiler on the back of this this is
not how they all look so that is a weird
weird spoiler
now we're effectively redesigning the
drive oh my gosh look how steep is oh
snap
who's that oh is it we're gonna give
away
I said now the back end despite exhaust
I'm gonna have to adjust the drive you
now need to alter the drive he's like
that's a lot of effort to do it
the drive has always been stupidly
fucking steep since the moment my dad
ever built it I was like it's true
beautiful fucking steep because it just
ridiculously is but the TT made it down
there they already made it down there
but I'd be fine and note won't behold
the f-type doesn't so we're gonna have
to actually all the drag my own up true
take two let's see if it'll get up oh
there it is there's the car
oh it's spat out the wood at the back
damn look at you you fancy mother
trucker looks so good oh man I need to
get this on my drive so badly I can't
wait to get in white with four exhausts
and this is only what the 3 3 litre v6
and I want the big that way 5 Leo be a
lowly shit my own
a photo from
made it scary so goddamn fast is
ridiculous I am a thousand percent gonna
kill myself with it see that spoiler is
just ten times better it's so damn sleek
it doesn't do the whole popping up thing
it just doesn't need to like I said I'm
gonna go I'm gonna have it like just
like this this is exactly how my cars
gonna look beautiful but it's gonna for
exhaust on the back just can't take this
guy anywhere my dad drives the garage to
bring my car so I can drive back and not
only does really one one $2 - deals my
sunglasses look how tight a look what
steals my sunglasses Marge steals a hot
chocolate
iemon steals a piece of cake you're sure
you're a grade-a saw dude not going
$12,000 euros is it the money off the
big booty bitches euro is it the big
booty is this holiday strippers holiday
little bit now if he thinks I'm gonna
buy him a Jagger as well he's got
another thing coming right and would you
pop the grandad one today all right I
pretty much did it so sweet look at the
minute it do you like - um can I have
one I'm just saying sigh they're the
f-type the white version cuz it's just
so nice ass layin low for this thing and
you guys my black Tom you're all over
the place with your cars that you won
like I love the Corvette but there's
something about I was just like mmm and
just I hold me back and then the Audi r8
I was like so nice looks like a white
but I was like there's something just
holding back you look like a retarded
shark I don't know what retired shower
looks like what an Audi r8 looks like it
but I was like still really nice and
when I saw this car for the first time
like you you guys saw my reaction when I
was at this place and I saw it that
black one packed over there I just fell
in love with it that's how I felt when I
saw the Audi TT the new version of it at
this 2016 model and like this car is so
fucking sexy it drives amazingly sounds
amazing and no one said anything
my bad about is all just good news so I
wanna fat so hot well dad catches you in
following the catch you might have a fun
trip
stay safe love you bro thank you for the
help with the cars we appreciate it
you will make sure you hook you up with
a nice little present when you get back
not a fucking car
yeah not a campervan but will be dad
yeah see you later
Obon awaits me bliss Kilmer 24th did it
is it de Nova I've not know not my
entire life
see you later dad why I love it man
welcome lover I leave my dad alone for
five minutes and he set my granddad's
car alarm oh and he just stood there
here was son of a bitch dad I thought
that was the crow it's a cat look at him
okay and they're showing Darin who are
gonna this is Darin show you the what
we're getting the vlog you always in it
so I'm showing him like the two
different ones which one would you go
for the this one no well yeah ser this
one yeah yeah
it's the price difference of like
fifteen thousand pounds and also
probably than fifteen thousand pounds
extra insurance meanwhile my mother
feels sick about me spending this much
money she'd probably rather be spending
on her wouldn't you wouldn't you oh yeah
why this all I always end my vlogs like
in my house I could probably get away
with you guys not knowing it was the
next day but yeah it is the next day I'm
ending the vlog like now and just for
the record it is currently 6:12
no notes no it's not fixed with fuck
bunny to six there we go that's what I
was looking for it's twenty to six I'm
gonna kick back out here with just a
glass of water and get a bit of Sun on
my face before I go back to New York I
want to get a suntan all I want is a
suntan again I can't just like go on the
roof of my building like a cat in LA but
either way that's gonna wrap up today's
vlog yeah pretty much pretty much that I
didn't really do anything for the rest
today I literally just got home so super
tired and just laid in bed all day
watching Netflix productive day with Tom
was productive thank you very much for
watching guys thank you for all the
support and everyone who like like
everyday 250,000 people watch these
videos and as weird as it is for people
to watch the videos it's cool but when
people leave a like great it just means
like you've got really active people
like dropping that button so if you are
watching and you're tuning Dale in your
you know you want to show some love then
click that button let's see how many
people we've got active at the end of
this video I know people like drop off
towards the outro sort of thing cuz I
just ramble and do random shit but
either way click that button see you
guys tomorrow 6 p.m. ish UK time and
I'll see you guys later and it was
