time isn't wrong I'm actually only just
getting out of bed at 4:30 in the
afternoon holy shit I'm correcting
guessing I do like a potato one hungover
potato well we got that fine room/dining
chicken tenders awful fries ketchup and
I actually did open the nine dollar
bottle of water I regret everything so
damn hungry that that this cannot come
quick enough you ready oh my god
oh my god Oh mom that's really hot I'm
too fucking good
oh it finally happened I woke up this
morning thought everything was fine
letting check my passport got my wallet
everything is good I was like really
really drunk last night but thought
everything was fine until I went to
check the time okay if you look
carefully you'll notice there's no watch
on this wrist and there was no watch in
this entire apartment and yes I'm taking
a poo because I saw me return last night
in this robe because this is Harley from
Epic Meal times at robe I went into his
room literally unchanged got into that
robe and that's why I was in that all
night so I was hoping that my watch
might be in the pocket of it and it
wasn't it's not my pants it's nowhere to
be seen so what I need to do is I need
to meet up with Joe sugg because he
logged me me vlogging him and in his
view of his camera you'll see if I've
got my watch on or not that means I'll
have to watch in Epic Meal Times room so
we're gonna try and get it back oh my
goodness it feels so good to just be
outside this is one of the most
beautiful cities at night ever
it's so nice and I'm going into this
glass building we shall see okay I take
that back we're not going inside the big
glass building not too sure what that is
we're going down there somewhere this is
where we're supposed to be holy shit
there's a lot of people
thank my gosh George like you so much to
bring him in oh this is sick
this is Christmas because this is
incredible this is absolutely incredible
this place is absolutely crazy there's
so many people here they're like 4,000
people something like that which is just
nuts
bounce your fighter bro like that just
other shot I just wait for George oh my
God look at all these snacks what oh
this is so good but I am so hungover
right now that food is not an option
intensification
all right Casper how you feeling after
last night off the walls get up dude did
you see g-man
I don't wear vans DC zone run out how
could you accuse me of wearing vans over
daylight you always blog from underneath
you so he looked more powerful to your
viewers I'll fucking cut you Casper I
will fucking cut you no because if I did
that you're hardly at the stand up tall
you're hardly in the show so I have to
do that that's good actually I see that
now EP in school oh my god
I didn't even know this room was in here
but it's time for a concert so they're
bougie
yeah bloggers look at them look at these
guys alright let's see if we can catch
this on camera yeah you know what Rick
I'll fucking cut you this it's kind of
in the way vlogging vlogging
oh my gosh
Oh
I like where is he where's Charlotte oh
this is the one all I care about right
now Shadow Ball where is it well is the
only way I know who this singer is
because of Shila fucking my sauce
what's going down me and him are gonna
have a UFC match in sumo suits let's do
it all right that's enough
yeah I'm teaching him how I blog on an
iPhone
everyone I'm Merve Ain insane legend
legend Joe you're blowing my mind right
now
of it hey Rhett no no way
listen Joe Joe Joe
wizard I have to say us right now I have
never had to that wing back what the
hell is going on there's a particular
girl in my life but I watch the video
really what I'm
run caste was so good I I really enjoyed
the day event how are you surviving
great I loved your shoes by the way I
love you very much
you look you look you shine bright like
a diamond like a duck bill ja ja it's
kind of like we just heard the person
who made that okay Alfie I'm gonna try
that all right Alfie I'm sorry Alfie
just jumped up and touch that let's see
how cut okay I can do your dad wait come
on Tom you like there you got this right
you ready
bitch go home you got this man
screw you to fucking song
I need them high heels and I can yeah
okay Alfa Alfredo oil that's what I'm
calling you from now on
Alfredo you nailed that row what a jump
yeah okay don't lie on like the Hawks
Alfie you know what I used to trust you
start to stand up tall to trust me that
what how tall he is
I like it trust me that one time three
years ago that seems two years yes hey
Alfred what are you doing got a free
ball you've got a limo just hopefully
Mon I blinked and we're going in a limo
okay so apparently he hooked
oh you're good I'll do that hundred
percent the only ones 40 bucks for a
limo let's fucking go holy shit
well this Escalade it's so dumb fuck
I've never know before you know what did
I tell you bro oh we might have to smash
a window to couch it was a champagne the
champagne we we trust you bro four
dollars Vic start download I'm except
right now get on iTunes right now Vic
Vic I don't want to catch fire I'll be
so good what what are you talking about
I just town I think this road is this
you know I religious one of those
indications dude predict you know this
is Blair Prussia this is i verbally old
friendship like no have you felt this
wall this was amazing dude oh I thought
it was venture it's a third it's a
callable oh right
I think is a big dude I actually thought
I like did it I was like oh my god Cabot
oh my gosh look at that view of the city
holy shit that is so beautiful oh my
days
oh my dick this rooftop place even
though it's busy as fuck inside is so
nice
Joey behaved to you Joe which Vic would
you just look what happy we'll just look
at that
just George oh I love it this there's no
crows in the shower
even though fuck those crows chuck the
can't see shit there's no clothes no
crows e in the shower windows it's just
your house mater slip out this is such a
subjective this is what my iPhone picks
up work out dark is look how amazing
this looks on this camera wait wait oh
my god that is insane can you face it
that way for the form a below mister
Josephine do bad so that's what my
cumbersome that's what my camera sees
that's what this camera see now I can
make channel up campus cork in
okay it was nice being out here but now
it's wins you come down with Jim wait
look at my hair so cool this is so nice
though dude I'm adding something like
this to my house like an outdoor
fountain area that's lit up that shit's
lit but this is an even fully charged
that the line for the bathroom goes all
down there we we make a all go there
dude there's like a line for like 50
people for tile right now this is
ridiculous
Joe what the fuck is going on I can't
see fuck oh but what a risky charge we
go who the fuck goes to a nightclub and
charges over
that's an iPhone one
it's a nasty fuck I'm in like the most
beautiful city right now with the most
beautiful man until I better look in
mana fit you can't see sure you light it
oh what's going oh shoot
so hey Jessie wait I feel like have we
met Joe we were here I measure you the
trip we were trying to fuck up at Love
III yes yes I'm a Christian
yeah what was the event was the Church
Fathers part oh man this way hey we sure
turned up I lost them and I see them on
a stage shaking champagne or something
I'll know to fuck I'm trying to see you
bro alright we're doing well Joe how you
doing I think I was gonna get a
shout-out to call he's my favorite wake
up Michael yeah Carl oh that's my
brother shots come give out the call -
no there's a reason for this uh my
friend Joe wants to give a shout-out to
call and I'll give one to your hair
looks like it's a good it's a lustrous
car
oh shit look the same listen watch your
vlogs and I love calm I look at how is
my favorite bar looks Carl Oh sweetie
why don't you love Carl
I love Carl I want to like BFF bromance
ow
we'll watch this on his iPod when he
goes to bed and he will watch this and
Kyle will appreciate that I love cars so
much love cop cars my favorite followed
by it's a joint between neighbor Alice
and and dude you actually like survives
and let's get this train out of here
please
hey I'm getting the fuck out help me
dude that's so gross everyday are
washing you know you know you know fuck
I watched Thomas box every day I'll give
you them right now the number one one is
a
by lakhs Oh oh my god that is exactly
what I want right now a chicken and I
want a chicken wrap and a chicken bowl
now I have literally been here for five
seconds and I already got my food like
dude that shit's legit spot I got a rap
and a ball in like five seconds I tell
you what Joe yeah
he's surviving yet hot sauce so like
right now my eye
right I was dribbling I was shivering
everywhere you would the people who
served you the food I feel like every
neck dude my sort of me yeah I still
give no you're good dude the people who
served you the food was staring you like
what did he just do you were dribbling
like everywhere yeah you were I thought
I thought he looked he looked at drunk
off his face when all he did was eat hot
sauce I thought it's tomato ketchup
that's actual Vic was like it's the
hottest sauce he that is ever eaten in
his life and you like my mom you put on
and then you went for it
wait wait okay we're doing a review the
food gets a nine out of ten no it gets a
four out of ten it can fuck off literate
and Joe sugg is out of there no but no
listen I look it was so so hot Tom Tom
you say Tom like I'm getting told up by
my mother
Tom listen to me um look this is me now
filming a reflection of Joe no Joe keep
doing exam filming your reflection in
the window coursemate ready no no no no
no not me not me Oh in the reflection
carry on I'm filming the reflection go
right Melissa calm down
y-you tried kids but you fucking failed
fuck I'm not really gonna end the vlog
Joe punching me with his pillow I'm
gonna close his curtain like a good
friend and make sure he's okay
such a good
