bugs a fucked-up optic eyelid it's ready
to rock and roll and we're heading off
to New York today I committed we are
doing it we are going and I've got an
invite to the u2 pie so let's see how
that goes
yes it was really nice no one's here
fuck hape imagines really nice hanging
out with oh no what if the egg is really
a nice hanging out we didn't make it
what the fuck guys done his work what
the fuck we have lighten it it's been
pleasure hanging out with it I love you
do high-fives what what is this but that
was this weekend that was what see this
weekend see this weekend in LA high five
actual high five boom so yeah I've got
about like what two hours before my
flight gonna kick back at the airport
listen some music watch some Netflix
Nana fly off to New York and get very
very drunk drunk very drunk smart
decision right you can you can good
drunk initially it's good we good ah see
now you're talking my style good friend
no talking myself it's been fun
the weather has been absolutely terrible
and now it is time for me to travel to
New York City the big ass line for
secure a I'm gonna try and find a
different way me through security that
took like 45 minutes to get through
probably one of the longest security
lines of ever queued input going to my
gate now to try and snag some food along
the wakes I'm starving oh how pretty
that is Wow just look at that Wow
beautiful so much Wow at this moment Tom
knew bad decisions were definitely made
wish me luck
Margo until next time he was an absolute
pleasure
Nerys New York City just look at it
Claudius fuck I was like where's the
touchline although it is wait a minute
wait a minute wait a minute
wait a minute what the fuck because all
the way down there so much sense just to
order an uber because it'll take you an
hour to wait for taxi or ten minutes to
wait for an uber and it's cheaper in an
uber yeah so yeah protip I was getting
but terrifying that is absolutely
terrifying I didn't I didn't even notice
it until I heard you saying plane I was
like what the fuck is where it's like
it's about the Londoners almost there
flippin Eck I wish we're almost there
just wish it was a bit sunnier so we
could enjoy the year the view of the
city the Empire State Building over
there what's amazing looks so good it
looked so nice though to the left
it's just such a beautiful picture
alright boys we made it to the hotel
everything is cool everything is sorted
now let me welcome you to much sweet not
my room this is a suite because they had
no rooms available and I was like well I
want to be in this area we'll stay at a
nice hotel for the night and we'll get
ourselves a suite so this is the lounge
section I'm gonna give her obviously
rating out of 10 and a bit of tour don't
we roll on into here we have a nice
little lounge in a little bit of a
sitting area nice and cute a big-ass
mirror a nice TV I will show you that
I'll show you the view now is that a
pretty goddamn cool check this out I can
see all the downtown of New York City
absolutely pimp as chips this is so
goddamn cool the weather is absolutely
terrible but it is beautiful and this is
like one of most famous buildings I
think right right
because light on the triangle section so
let's fucking suit moving back inside
we've got the lounge then we're going to
go in to the bathroom oh damn this looks
hella fan would you look at mirrors
everywhere Merce Merce Merce for days
it's like a 4.5 rate hotel so hopefully
it's going to have a comfy ass bed and a
nice ass shower we look pretty nice all
the network this what the fuck is all
this I get something a bondage of a
deduce shower cap a gun shit your shower
mate the holiday sticks is this there's
oh cool things are ok broken already
shampoo wait you do it in my I thought
you do it up and order I do this one
first in this one second like third
fourth fifth nice
I was pretty sweet and I get a free doc
I think I have to buy it but I'm keeping
it of course I get a nice little mini
bar over here so I can select everything
this nice little coffee plant that is
actually a really cool coffee machine
not going to use ax I don't use coffee
this needs to be hidden immediately
because I the look of patron makes you
sick with me this is got like a really
expensive menu 125 dollars for a bowl of
some weight what the fuck is that $125
for a bathroom the fuck whoa Transnet
what the fuck physical isn't does it go
down random ha hot some biscuits some
stuff okay this is pretty damn sweet oh
wait what I love is kit what the fuck
couples erotic vibrating ring mini
multi-speed vibrator to premium condoms
and liquid pleasure personal lubricant
what that is the weirdest thing I've
ever seen a hotel I never knew that was
fucking actually possible to get hotel
what the hell is this but either way I'm
not touching any of that because that's
gonna cost me a smile long 4 million
fucking dollars
oh no don't fall out I'm pretty sure
this is pressured when I say this is
pressured that means like if you move
one of these like I did just that one I
probably get charged for it some guy got
the drinks we got some and where's the
fuckin beer oh we have Corona where what
the fuck is this
we have Chuck biscuits of graham
crackers or some shit some called colons
and water and some champagne oh this is
hella yes more impressed with the hubba
there's a little toil but I'm keeping it
this is a big-ass bed what is it wait
one you pause Duke what is this an e
boost shot dream water sleeping stuff
two big-ass box water that cost nice
fucking dollars Jesus Christ I'm fucking
drinking up water I'll fucking drink tap
water I don't count stick a fucking hand
a lot with a glass and drink the rain
nice big-ass bed and more importantly
look at this fucking you oh god this is
gonna look so good in the daytime
this is pimp as fuck for the final
resistance of review for the room right
out of 10 so far without sitting on the
bed because that's always like the
decider without without doing so far I'm
given this room a solid eight point nine
eight point nine so five eight point
nine so far wait don't say so five eight
point nine so far time to check the bed
all right I feel bad about it how do I
feel that weight comes with a doc wait a
minute what is the doc do I get to keep
the dog I'd have to pay for the dog it's
got price tag on it
Shh man this hotels getting an eight
point eight making me buy some fucking
dog I got well stop thinking it gave it
me for free what does this note say uh
get forecast weather fuck that there's
an iPhone 4 there's an app for that
all right what about the bed oh you know
what this hotel gets an eight point
eight it's nice it is very nice that's
okay
not too crazy not like a memory foam
I'll eat you bed but uh yeah a fine a
point eight I'm giving it here sweet
taps dude fucking sleep because I'm
fucking tired can't get over this view
me and Luke
if week watches the vlogs that's where
me and Luke went for a restaurant dinner
thing one time in like one of the best
foods of my life there it's like a
lobster also I'm definitely going there
tomorrow getting that for lunch and then
I'm gonna adventure new you just a
fucking flicker in me do me tense him
yeah this is pretty fucking cool for me
up with Joe so Caspar Lee Vic star and
nature let's do this well shit things
just let's go a little bit how
we're basically faking the hello again
hey and so long we've not totally said
all already this is excelling today I
love this god Eve will be flew all the
way from South Africa
you miss me dude okay listen we need a
lot of beverages in our systems tonight
we will die tonight so this was like the
menu and I didn't even bother like
looking at the menu but then I turned it
round what this is absolutely insane
dude I'm sorry I'm flash it shows you
every cock of the cow that is me but
also educating at the same time I'm
getting a reservoir by everybody I don't
even know I'm getting robot I'm gonna be
honest right now I have no idea what
what what is it did you order this and
then I wouldn't be you Tom
is it Bret Hart
no I write so Joe's looking forward to
be giving this place it out a rating out
of 10 bought so far I don't even know
how to categorize what the fuck this is
pretty good yo Joe hit the nail
absolutely on the head this is it
Yorkshire pudding without gravy
therefore minus one man thanks Casper I
approve everything it was like an orange
peel like thanks man appreciate that a
lot
this is a Yorkshire pudding without
gravy rating so far for this place - one
out of ten okay so there's your meal as
yours yeah yeah yeah they all look nice
and small and then there is my steak oh
this is gonna be a tip this is a blog of
a blog taste test review ready
you know it can be that is a really
really really good ribeye steak right
I'm fucking reviewing the mac and cheese
this is going to be the decider as to
what I rate this restaurant
that's pretty fucking good all right
antennas right now that's probably
that's top three ribeye I've ever eaten
a derivative the dangerous potato so bad
um no way no way I guess no if I have to
rate the food right now being a good
amount of steak I'm gonna give it like
thing leaving behind I'm gonna give it a
nine point one that is a pretty high
range mate nine or into one this guy
lost the credit card roulette all right
your card got declined so as a good
Samaritan
oh no no no it got declined so it's a
good Samaritan no I'm now paying for the
meal I'm nadeshot thinks is a DJ but um
is actually a he's gonna get it you know
when you put it known for the Ox pardon
it sets on fire yeah and usually that's
like a good thing well in this case it
might be a bad thing would you remember
those memories not promise or daiquiri
school and all the keyboards you know
one more time on you one more time
everyone peace listening to erm needs
sick mixer we're rating it out of ten
one my player so that's Joe's passage oh
oh you threw your spot right go what
even though it's five is that that to
Joe's throw back to something like that
if we get the limit I'll link it down
description box this ride gets a
one-hour ten son you never link even you
asked if you wish forget remind me I
know you would text me Joe we have each
other's numbers on Tom's biggest turn oh
we're fucked
thanks bro you know what you know what
you can't you caramels thanks bro
appreciate it
okay I'm buying you a shot yay God dude
a free bar oh my good night
I want to go home I want to go home I
want to go home Rachel stop it what you
wanna fuck is going on
Oh what there's an underground core holy
shit just found like my favorite
Olivia well I made mom my favorite
British person you're like
I'm just gonna circle around you can't
fill me if I'm nine focus they'll never
see our faces if we move fast enough I
just smell my drink everyone see you
again let no ideas here
Alfie looks like he's having so much fun
right now so much who has to drink that
sunny shores three hi
nice shot
and know
No
one person I could bump into tonight and
it is absolutely gel with Joe listen I
I lost my ass dude I lost my t-shirt he
lost a lot Michael I'm wondering who's
coming with me obviously not syndicate
I'm ready I'm ready I can wreck raka
raka read the other side I know I know
t-shirts a joke oh we have no idea where
we go so I'm sorry for this vlog being
late but I look like a potato right out
of insight for the past fifty nine
minutes editing this vlog such a good
night out I ended up going back to my
hotel room just kicking back but like oh
my god great now I absolutely have
confirmed that I love Joe sugg like he's
such a fucking homie
so glad to hang out with him great to
see Kasper again I could sit and listen
to his voice all fuckin day and just
really really good in general to catch
it with all the dudes so really glad I
came out to New York I'm gonna go back
to bed now and thank you very much
watching you guys have been legend
make sure the like rate subscribe you'll
never miss a video for myself I'm like
your your mum's most hated vlogger
because I just film every day of my life
whether it's good or whether it's bad so
sorry about that parents much love your
faces though I'll catch you guys later
I deserve stay star dude adios
