what a lovely day in England rain rain
and more rain positive no of rain
my shoes are now clean you guys member
one hard to that place my DC's got Rex
look at them like Moran god damn new
thanks dad
out it's five o'clock in the afternoon I
can basically only just got up in a bow
I did not just wake up I've been awake
for like four hours
but I've just been sat around all day
like doing nothing like a potato really
what you're gonna write up a bolt like
today but that weather just looks
deliciously not appetizing dips
Clarkin yeah afternoon and a funneling
gutter Marv vlog actually up ten minutes
early stole the look wait a minute don't
forgot macaques stole a little bit
because the rain outside is still pretty
torrential and I am actually going out
getting some cereal at 6:00 p.m.
yes this is a terrible idea this is a
terrible I my doing and being a bit weak
what a fuck what I mean what do you mean
an open your not locked
why is it condensate if what is going on
let me in why is the condensation on my
car this confuses me
it's look off this is why England is
boring I hate you ever be nice for once
mmm be damned granddad's not been well
so bringing him round some stuff some
milk some sugar and some cake so let's
see his face when he sees me where is he
is he in hello I don't I almost gave up
on him have you been good by room a
knock so goddamn loud my grandad still
not totally well but I'm trying to get
him back into shape he's just like bit
weak and a bit under the weather so with
me my sister getting back on his feet so
we can go and buy him his drag I wait to
go to the chip shop and they'll get
chippy but no it's closed
some round at the grapes and I'm making
my web mate where's cook me some dinner
cuz he's a chef Nick nothing quite
better than eating a meal all by
yourself a table for six
yeah okay where's you massively impress
me these tempered prawns oh I don't know
if the tempered I just made that word up
but it is fucking delicious clam tomato
sauce or sweet chilli sauce this is
hands-down where the craziest ribeye
steaks I think I've ever seen in my life
where's if this is horrible I'm going to
murder you
it's pretty good what the hell is going
on it's like a nuclear bomb just went
off that is absolutely beautiful
what like the Sun is literally
reflecting off the buildings in the
distance that is one of the most amazing
views I've ever seen in my life
that doesn't look real this is why I
love my house like I built it not
knowing that this amazing view was just
there like it was just like yep build it
knock it down oh there is literally a
nuclear bomb that's happening right now
and it's in my pants oh there you are
you shit
go fuck yourself I came up here to look
at that SPID helmet what use is this bar
with no alcohol in it no beers on the
kids and nothing but liquor you might be
like Tom drink it straight the answer's
hell no but what cool thing is I can
show you is check this out while
watching the box Internet at my house
we've got it on the projector so it
looks fucking oh it's cold as absolute
bullet nipples right now oh well well
what's at the pub tan for beer oh this
is so fucking nothing I don't jump I'm
very very comfy yeah yeah Nancy Thomas
so long that's Chris come on Chris come
on Chris sale oh look this is the guy's
gonna be a dad oh it's a b-boy
hey guys musica and we gonna be done
it's okay he's got a little girl is a
fun story when he when he went and
looked at the scam to see whether it was
a girl by salic items like it's a boy
and then like no that's the card not its
penis it's not that big so it's a girl
are you gonna call it Chris Chris we're
gonna call it Tom something wrong some
really respectful name my brother's just
sat in here just all staring
this is what this is here we go let's
fucking out this ball I got my money on
Joshua
so far the fight is going free pop and
well and Joshua has been hit like maybe
once super defensive super impressive
and I'm just going to this right now
Joshua's punches are like fucking tanks
like from watching MMA and like someone
like Conor McGregor fighting they're
just like little potent jabs these if
one of these landed on you you just died
obey a fucking bleak for a second
and Joshua knocked him down yes this is
it this is it this is the end
oh yeah Yelp do you know what's he
calling it sit down all right take your
time going twice down in a few seconds
Joshua's like yeah bro give him a win
give up don't go that was that was
actually a bullshit ball oh wow okay so
he wants a drink now what the fuck
sixteen oh holy shit knocked him down to
was is because his shit whoa
I can't even fucking believe that two
rounds just all them people in there
that spend so much money on see like 4k
now
riperoni pepperoni oh hi guys
Samuel yes no no you got my cover and
bigger the highs I'm just getting the
booty show Sean oh yeah what are you
doing so you don't have the ball open
and Jamie shows I was don't know yes
this is a liner ready oh I thought you
failed it even steven I'm sorry about
your your wife your wife has been stolen
by Samuel hey chase you out with you
wanna be Catholic listen
gentlemen see over here Oh sir my mate
cities many ambitious mission
I don't know ami bacha bazi popper I'm
using alright so everyone here is fully
clothed at about five seconds ago this
just happened okay oh oh this is oh this
is beautiful
oh yeah oh yeah yeah okay ah don't slip
in a really good night so far but good
supper and over it's been good to see
the friends man like I travel a shitload
and unfortunately my genuine like
friends I've grown up with we don't get
to see each other all that often so it's
not to get together and hang out I am
now getting my 50 months to one's it
because I'm going to jump in the pool
dive out immediately if it's not if it's
not cold enough a worn off and then
getting a sauna and shot and summer from
it here we see toe McCallum and pres
would be both trying to operate the iPad
they both have no idea what they're do
either was a struggling you literally
successfully hot less you feel you've
successfully broken I play the tune able
you fuck don't know nothing did you
listen
dress is nailed it all night you've got
chopped and you fucked up they'll keep
walking keep falling yeah oh uh Evans
got on camera
tell McCallum cannot hide right now so
mother what I've known this guy for
probably like twenty years looking yeah
gimme yeah I'm not even gonna lie I'm
about to cry in excitement because
and this is the Domino's driver I assume
so does like you're the one guy so the
top notes are in a with the Domino's
driver is now having a drink welcome to
chaos you're going to die tonight
okay where's where's where's where's
quick coming this is aa bag lunch I
thought that this I thought that this
was funny
look it always been right yeah fuck wait
come on man
watch where's I thought that was funny
you know what's even funnier wait wait
wait wait
that is King that is top bunk the guy
but that's a good narrow that is fucking
that is really not even fucking know
what like operation recover the house
yeah that's good
hmm well it got to that point in the
night where it's like 4 o'clock in the
morning coming here and Becky is
sleeping you're like the first one of us
to die like I was a kill call and a
front here in case you die no oh hey
it's no one it looks like your woman's
in bed why what ahh
seconds later drunk John with his
sunglasses turns up and we're like Tom
how did bruh five-star frog splash I
don't even know I was only right out and
that's about four days ago now that I
totally forgot to do the outro of the
video I'm feeling pretty fresh today I'm
not gonna lie I had some KFC and you'll
see in today's vlog I kind of recover
I mean fully recover mode so just want
to do some shout out to some people real
quick I've got a few names that I'm
gonna read it out just to say thank you
to your guys faces personally because if
you guys remember I raised the money for
going to New York doing motor neuron
disease and like visit and it was
awesome to see like how the research was
going but all the people who donated
surprise your thing I've got a bunch of
people I still need to shout out and say
thank you too so I'm just going rid of
some of these people that I've got here
so Alex got owned your face is
absolutely beautiful thank you very much
for donating some money benzoyl war
thank you very much to your face as well
you sound like a dragon also you're an
absolute goddamn demon
was Blake Juncker thank you very much
you support for the campaign appreciate
our Brandon Jones you are also a
fabulous person for donating again it
all went to amazing cars so you did good
for yourselves thank you and last but
not least webs of DCP thank you very
much for the donation you guys are
absolutely incredible and anyone else
who has donated if you're on the listed
I'll be reading your names out soon to
personally thank you so I appreciate a
lot guys thank you very much for being
awesome thank you for you know sticking
with me throughout the journey my
youtube and obviously spoiling something
that's close to my heart so either way
that is now my outro thank you very much
watching guys you've been legends make
sure you like and subscribe and goodbye
