okay are you sure strength was killed by
her own oh my it's the my after her
before the room is a complete mess Alice
what happened actually you did do a good
job of tardy all right now there's chips
everywhere in this room cuz drunk me and
Alice thought having a food fight would
be great so there's actually one of the
sink there's one of the toilet was a
chip on the floor and there's chips in
the bed so great story that whoever that
bed was actually really comfy and this
room is actually pretty cool so I'm
giving this room a 7 out of 10
nothing that even impressive but shower
was great
food was great comfy bed levels were
great internet was fast setting out time
now this hotel isn't like a five-star
anything I think it's a three-book man
it's such a nice design they've got this
really nice glass bridge glad rid of the
Thames nice little docking yeah nice
hotel nice walk Wayne just nice weather
falls what the hell now begin the
journey home hot chocolate dressing suit
got back Alice is surviving outside
Canada water she was so fucking funny
last night like honestly hysterical
ecstasy
London Bridge me get out it's not some
busy for us uh me and I was throw the
train the cares has begun that we didn't
get a reservation so right now we're
just like fuck it up we have no I just
sit so yeah it's like a two-hour journey
I was stalling and hoping for the best
I might paint this bra we've got seats
in first class which is great we got a
free upgrade just cuz there's no seats
to saying I'm now going to try and take
these two bikes six coaches that way oh
my god analysis by you so fucking yummy
exhausted
hey we carried it one coach already I'm
dying mother mother mother love you love
you love you well mother thank you very
much for Jeff and his old man oh okay
you have a good work trip allies fist
bump
that was great that turn Alton to travel
down SEMA Grenda and shorten up not one
of these and show him a one the Cavett
I'm probably going to get and then to is
so hopefully the same day we can go into
the dealership by and drive off in the
same day how cool would that be
I tell this guy I tell him I'm buying
you I'm buying you a Jaguar the people
decided we're getting you on the people
the people by the way he calls you guys
punters oh yeah you say the punters I'm
like no ground it's called viewers he's
like yeah the punters I'm like now
you're the punter look what I managed to
steal very nice bicycle oh wait it
belongs to this guy look at him Kim the
cook the coolest cat in the block good
see but I think to the bear cool freak
out I need to get home and got
yesterday's vlog uploaded cuz it's late
by an hour
oops bloody ell Steve mate oh wow that
was a plow a half grow you flip in there
oh sorry bro we've not seen each other
in a long time he's dead scared okay
it's okay it's okay it's okay
oh my god dude you're so big you used to
be as big as my little finger what the
hell
you know back at it again with the
alcohol but rather than a massive glass
of champagne here darling Gail thought
the best decision was for me to have a
little sip of one so thank you very much
for dinner guys
so holiday yeah yeah a miniature amount
of things I'm so full and a little bit
of alcohol but I needed that food so
thank you
there was look after be like I say it's
good to be home hey tell you something
you have to have been feeding him
steroids cuz Steve is absolutely massive
like he's about to shred cuz a bit dark
no news is good get him no DVD and I
said it's like a tongue it loves it when
you dad goes away extra food
I'll get salad you get salad it's almost
bedtime for look at him mate is it's
just the eat Lee self also I'm gonna
point Bacchus I can look at the size of
him Steven is just chilling in the cat
is like what is going on why is he out
of his gauge Dora Steve you could take a
mate he'd absolutely not come out she's
like I don't want to don't put me near
him dad's enjoy some ice cream and Gail
just brought me up some ice cream banana
lucky oh yeah calling to you yeah this
actually has alcohol on it so I guess it
just runs in the family
Steven we let you out five minutes and
you're running all over the place what
are you doing what are you doing what
are you doing boy are you doing what is
it
it's so big I can't get my head around
how insanely huge is flip there Steve
was there made his way all the way
around and then I said where's Steve and
he just popped up over there Steven you
are going on a mud adventure right now
mate you're a woman aren't you
he's like freedom I'm never going back
by the way they can't see white so he'll
try and walk into that wall really ah
he's dope but now we're wondering where
Steve's go on and I look down the back
of the sofa
he's just planking in the corner like
bro leave me alone I'm chilling so yeah
good night Steve Lee well I'm gonna be
honest mate you've grown a little bit
you're absolutely picking listen what do
you feed them steroids
I'd like your face smells funny manage
to climb himself up on me and then
falling over his like me I could do this
so now he's basically stuck down here
trying to crawl across me think it is
about us he's so active it's unreal you
would not think he's at our toys he is
more active than that cat know why I was
going over the entire day throughout
that day and forgot to edit my video I
literally just came back to my house
after that sat in bed and watch Netflix
like four fucking hours and Skype for
like 6 hours so yes pretty much
everything so glad to be in England
right now on site let me just show you a
tease of tomorrow's vlog yeah just rain
rain and more rain so thank you very
much watching today's vlog guys hope you
enjoyed if you have basically the like
brain subscribe and again just to thank
you to everyone who watches the videos
it's really awesome I bump into so many
random people in so many different
situations in life like my dad watches
my videos now my stepmom watches videos
my mom watches my videos my Grindr
watched my videos his neighbor watched
my videos who's 62 like family friends
and all sorts of people watch my videos
and it's just absolutely a it's just
crazy that many people were tuning to
see the random share go to so - everyone
is watching hello and yeah sorry about
the sweater Mumbai
