totally not like four o'clock in the
afternoon I didn't even start today's
vlog yet but we're surviving I'm alive
and guess who I found you had a lot of
water to drink last night that was smart
of you boy I am a genius you're a lot of
Gatorade you do your smile boy hitch I
didn't put it in the void yesterday but
you got kicked out the cool
don't explain why hitch what were you
doing in the bathroom hitch you guys use
your imagination as to why I got kicked
out boards honestly like isn't there
like five o'clock yeah is it five
o'clock is it five o'clock five o'clock
I only just got the vlog up five hours
late today really pissed off about that
book one fucking job the one time I
don't come out in my jeans I'm wearing
her pink fucking leggings it's not what
it looks like it was just conflict so I
could be at the house sweatpants alright
oh yeah we're weird if I was wearing
leggings and now we're going half the
food in a drink so I ordered it there's
some food a Mexican Mexican I ordered
food I ordered Mexican food that I don't
usually and I was like I'll try it also
I got a sample this is the most food
I've ever eaten in a meal in my life I'm
going to die I have to find this out
immediately but like look at the size of
this chip it's triggered fucking they're
huge I don't understand it
what the fuck is going on there's no
potato this way is it from a potato for
fuck's sake my server has been
absolutely amazing and we have been in
here for three hours so I'm giving with
a fatty tip fatty today that is no sex
Luke is an absolute legend so we're
gonna give him a fighter
oh look I found hey excuse me excuse me
as soon as I stop walking he runs away
come in watch them right okay okay
yeah just mister what's this oh oh is it
sighs look well crazy Hey kiss kiss give
me kiss
hey give me kiss okay oh it's like yeah
dude calm down he's actually really
heavy words cannot express how much my
mind has been fucking blown walked in
this room
look away she's gone just got billion
Jeep bucks - it is all the classic wife
this is all the games that's gone on it
you've got everything is there like
80,000 games what's boys it gets even
better
no only does she play all the video
games have that over there she has Toy
Story 2 on PlayStation 1 hours so if
you're watching this vlog you will
remember that this game was the shit you
can't see shit right now what virtually
now watch the scary film it's about to
get scary
these kids come I'm horrified actually
watch it follows so hopefully
something's gonna happen because right
now it's pretty fucking shit happens
next in the film I don't even know I
passed the hell out whilst watching it
follows it was like 3 o'clock in the
morning when you saw me watching that
was coming everyone so I just passed the
hell out the film was absolutely tits
McGee at such a good review on Rotten
Tomatoes and then we were like screw
this the film absolutely goddamn soaked
so firstly woke up and it's now 11:30
the next day so I have to end this vlog
I start tomorrow so I'm sorry this work
was shot but a little bit just as you
saw woke up really late
went out for food why not play video
games and I went to watch the film that
was pretty much it so hope you guys
faces thinking about what to watch it
I'll see you guys tomorrow for my next
vlog
but until then stay though dude but I
mean stay awesome I love you guys faces
and goodbye
