and for breakfast I am eating um chicken
wings I mean I mean I mean chicken wings
from yesterday for breakfast at 10:00
a.m. in the morning
grad success we're ready to start the
day nobody's in the house not even big
time not even anyone obviously the
aliens upstairs I actually bought no
socks from walking around no socks and
hoping that someone in this facility
will one missing sock sport like said no
one's fucking in so I can even do
anything
optic is greater then love at said there
is even more alcohol no one's been
partying so I don't understand who keeps
drinking in the fucking house but
someone's drinking someone ate that hold
wait really that chicken I was going for
breakfast yesterday someone already ate
holy shit uptick Allen's just kicking
back and the weather outside is
miserable not gonna let the fact that I
don't have any socks not let me get on
the boosted boards so we're going on it
again and I'm gonna try and hit oh stop
I finally went full speed on the boosted
board I didn't record it because I was
like shit myself and I'm gonna fall off
it cuz one I've got my phone and two I'm
wearing my watch you ready this is now
full speed old fucking shit it's so fast
ready great watch put all the way all
the way oh my god that is fast yeah I'm
not even lying it my eyes one of water
like crazy so it looks like I'm crying
but - that it that is way too fast I
still cannot understand how people can
travel through New York City okay Casey
and everyone like the pvp crew and all
them sort of people oh they can travel
these everywhere like it's it's
terrifying oh did you get the nicest car
in the uptick house just say dude this
thing is so I was on the boosted bottom
a budget out of my phone so now I'm
gonna make him driving around a block
you're gonna drive you're gonna drive
nice and slow right keep it uncle let me
in
to the new drink album together - oh
okay this is gonna be fucking off we're
gonna be very safe about this
acceleration we're gonna be very safe
and you're gonna get my initial
experience of me when he puts his foot
down to go up to 35 miles per hour
because that is the speed limit is as
fast as weird that is as fast as default
35 actually 55 45 oh that's even bad
we're gonna transport mode now ready
45 miles per hour that is a great grip
Oh 55 so that's a great feeling
I'm looking a little big to look at this
looking a big timer like a tree all day
with your sneaky ass thanks bro big time
is the only person who's looked after me
so far at the optic house everyone else
is like asleep or dead yeah I'm here
he fed me a cold slice of pizza
yesterday he gave me three pairs of
socks today
5550 thought that was the speed limit
venez why are you watching my vlog when
I'm right here this is kind of weird huh
she wanted to see the height thing she
filmed it so she's all proud oh okay
yeah okay third time Olive God ed just a
gingered I I'm preparing to walk out of
this giving it a 5 out of 10 watch the
space okay so I ordered a wrench
basically salad to start you fucking get
off bitch so I start I ordered it buys
expected you like tiny look at the size
of this this is this is the size of
pamaj his head it's fucking big I did
not even manage to eat a third of that
salad and man now my main course has
arrived and it actually looks really
good so I'm really said that I'm
probably not gonna eat it and then you
just got a pie hey not sure likes I'm
just saying yes where do you get that
from that syndicate region comlinks that
description people should go buy it
wow this is so regular look at how you
tip syndicate it up definitely your
scroll to take look up what you can go
this is so sick
I can leave you a good tip because I
like this scroll feature
that is sick I'm scoring the right way
they go you can get a good tip that's
fuckin awesome
all right Chili's I love my Caesar salad
I actually give it a 10 out of 10 that
season saw I was fuckin wit Oh what the
fuck
all right well I've got 10 out of 10
Caesar salad but that my main course was
like I get some of the chicken right
there
tastes like mush add some the prawns
like yeah I guess at 3:00 the plastic
got three but the Caesars are don't
start that only custard all 99 get some
cut down 10 so overall I think that
narrows it down to a 5 out of 10
that's hell so I'm working up balance
out holy fuck she's diabetic and she's
so high right now
whoa are you gonna get you my insulin
yeah
ha ha that's oh wait um if you were
scared of needles look away now and skip
10 seconds by doing it okay so you're
right there yep just stab straight in
yeah and then press this down but don't
do it like super fast is a lot more
insulin than yesterday all right so slow
this one no yeah uh stab Oh No
here I'll hold it so you could press it
yeah there you go slowly yeah you could
do a little faster than that cuz we have
to go all the way in huh cuz lick lantus
will burn lantus will burn but the ax
Peter doesn't burn Oh No give it a
second Gallagher don't pull out
yeah hey you ready pshew Tom I've been
doing this for eight years my life like
Oh lovely they go we're doing again hey
take my other insulin okay I don't even
I don't mind needles but the fact when I
go says like Tom chapter with it I'm
like fuck it's kind of fucking weird we
drove the entire way from there to here
to go in there smartwax
Lex please can we go inside to super
bounce
that looks so good oh my god I was lied
to as a human being as a child I would
see you all the kind of boring
geologists root goes around in circles
I'm kind of want to do backflips off the
top things I don't want break myself and
we begin the next process of buying yet
more black socks so we never have to
Paris ugh work oh you know the key to my
Harvard exactly what I want to wear
tonight
super runnin just I throw Dakota in the
vlog said you watched yesterday's
vlogging in Chicago and now you're
inside my vlog and guess what I finally
have a mustache better than someone very
nice and Emily in the mall found the
shot and there's knives everywhere what
the fuck is going on oh my god it's like
csgo heaven these are amazing even have
the goddamn shadow dog is sick
look at his hat ah and now we return to
the haunted tent look how many games she
has holy fuck
like this is literally Aladdin's cave of
video games game kids Wii U PlayStation
2 was a PlayStation 1 games his prison
100 she got pitch be more PlayStation 2
games oh my god
if one of these is your favorite leave a
comment as to which one it is oh my god
Sims 2 and PlayStation was so good
holy fuck so many on Xbox games as well
damn son what the fuck was that swear I
saw a fucking ghost totally going out
tonight and this is the jacket that I'm
not okay after we win it got your hair
like this watch it I was gonna I'm
totally nowhereness thank that I
appreciate the thought but no all right
this place steak house what's his name
the Hawk coop coop cock could cut gets
it's named Cooper hawk cock cap cut guys
night out Jen who's nice eight out of
you giving it as I said I was good
motherfuckers loose motherfuckers I was
like yeah that's my passport I'll take a
bit well happy that they had my favorite
be like favorite be like in all of
America allagash white but yeah take
that showed me I did shoes that oh this
is Corden see one of these before I was
like I fucking know where this is going
and his chair and she was like I can't
use it as valid ID I need your passport
and then I was just like in so I had a
coke instead now I'm fucking wired it is
only when I'm with likes playing video
games that we manage to fucking break
everything
Alice is just rocking her tits off now
pretending she's swimming last time we
fucking glitch plants vs. zombies and
now glitch this I don't even know how we
want to do so what's going on right now
is these guys are doing like math
thinking they're all wizards and I was
like yo throw down $100 each winner
whoever gets the nut math quickest can't
slide the money from everyone else so
they're right now at 3 o'clock in the so
3 o'clock 3 o'clock in the morning and
they're doing guys waiting math get one
final sensor so semi what was what was
the number seventeen thousand six
hundred and fifty nine except yeah 78
thousand and a few of the numbers times
three the first person to guess what it
is I'll work out what it is gets $300
that's you can get it I'm not poor
they're actually trying to pick two
three four nine seven seven oh shit you
without by 1000 resetting his clothes
any fucking got it yo dude no no let's
go no it's fucking not your boss fucking
ah yeah you're a boy
Dave de Bono's intervals in the guna
years
good job it was a really really weird
way to end yesterday's video if I would
have just left it on them doing simple
math well no difficult math at like 3
o'clock in the morning but either way
guys thank you very much once in today's
vlog I know this one has been late I
actually fell asleep half-past ten I had
enough time to any load to be great grab
my vlog and have like 5 days in row look
yeah and I fucked up so anyway thank you
very much for watching I love you guys
make sure leave a like brain let's see
if we could hit twenty two thousand two
hundred and twenty seven that's a win
fuckin number I'll see you guys mob for
my next day's log at 6 p.m. UK time so
as always thanks for watching and good
bye
