what happened he fought on side oh I
missed it
well good morning kitty time to find out
if you've been knowing cats yes I look
absolutely crazy and yes perhaps a
weaker but reasonable time today Wow
impressive ourselves but I accidentally
left all the food on the side last night
did the kitties eat any of the kebab I
hope no caused in England but we've got
to the doctors real quick and then once
the robot will get to go back to bed
well I drop Lydia and look at me being a
little house man and there's Mark
suspense is not too far from me and a
woman both Marks and Spencers all the
food's just like really good quality so
I've got some croissants some milk shake
and look at the state of this honey I
don't wanted to try some actual like I
want to say hi where is it where is it
where's it honeycomb sorry not hive this
tub of honey or jar of honey 8 pounds
just like that the grown man himself
bought breakfast for Tom and Lydia how I
just managed to speak about myself in
third person and then so I said the
grown man himself bought food for him
and Lydia I don't know you speak third
person in third person is that let's
break the fourth wall mmm it's good to
be back outside we got open but got up
at like 9 o'clock this morning to be
able to get up get get off to the
doctor's to be early in time for the
doctors and we got there at 10:30 well
we will just like water clock army board
Edie's gone and now except stammering
I'm gonna get a muck tape and boy oh boy
if I got something sick it's this cuz
he's lay on this right if I rub it
touches here I hate try again I can give
him an electric static shot
I'm gonna take get it's up mum's car
that mom's green minute no I thought she
may have got a ring
mum she's quick she's quick all right
time to tell you an idea 20,000 25,000
oh good try to scare ya what you dude
okay hey man nice camper man hey man hey
man hey man hey man we doing good Oh if
you broke Dana life of Ken what you
doing today can't tell the world what
you do oh yeah where you going
Kent where you going
William oh boom this oh right so the
plan is yoga drop me if it's in the
original yeah and you're gonna drive the
car to go get new wheels on it hey tires
because let's take the skins may I take
a look Tom's tires thank you to everyone
treating me like time you MOT MOT yes
McDyess getting a bit energy cute
eligibly the first time there's a little
marker so I've got gone getting replaced
not because I have to more importantly I
kind of want to even if they are like
illegal and I want to get them replaced
so I've got some fresh tires on that
time let pop that road it appreciate you
got my charger trying to play some
runescape design some shit get some cool
stuff done let's knock knock knock oh
try pushing it again I swear to God do
you work here
I I knew it
what you doing up there I'm not sure I'm
not sure daddy thanks you on the top of
his throne oh that's actually a really
good combination whoa no no sexual dance
moves in The Syndicate office but I'm
just saying the gold hat with the
insignia sure is a good combination well
this is almost like you've good at what
you do is a job
ooh ooh kill him what's problem young
got back door Q have you what are you
doing I could hear you I couldn't
literally hear you I could I can hear
you no I can hear you over there
laughing laughing that you stink at
least I'm sorry I could legitimately
hear you laughing to yourself in the
bathroom no way I'm stuck all the way
over and I could just say the record it
did sting so I found out why Alice has
been working out all this time prepare
to be impressed
what oh my god so um how many weeks you
have to exercise to get in that age oh
wow maybe Bank was what do you think
call this secret mission was this me
boss me Bartlett's Belarus she's
literally playing frozen music to the
point where she's made machine herself
are you literally singing through the
keyhole yeah don't move you anymore I'm
trying to take a poo
no can you actually see me we've had a
delivery and I think it says to Tom and
Libya but then the gift seemed a bit
strange as it says to Tom Olivia I hope
you're both well question Mac we're
doing okay thank you
I've been watching your videos for a
long time I've always come into sin
through my problems I've had keep up the
great content is wonderful to see your
phone happiness with woody I noticed
every day you were struggling with a
head torch I work for a company that
sells but I spoke to my director to get
you something hopefully brighten your
day get it cuz it's a lot it's a light
company a muscle shirt Aaron Flanagan I
appreciate but he said I hope you have a
wonderful rest of your day
and he sent us sent us a uni why Jul
power
SMD helmet mountable headlight very nice
well we've been distracted analyses
playing an old Christmas video of the
scene occasional stuff alright so we
also send a hate chive hmm well it says
hi bismuth HIV IX I've is LED recharge
aluminum flashlight dope an LED
headlight very nice and then check this
out this is impressive a uni light
beanie rechargeable USB like I'm look it
up it's built into the beanie
look dude thank you very much but I
really do appreciate I'm an absolute
boss er I'll tell you what we got
someone sent out you know as a bit thank
you so yes we fucking will I just cannot
get the stuff you put - Aaron steal it
hahahaha okay and in some posters for
your faces now if anyone places an order
of a t-shirt and happens to throw a
poster in it the chances are
Gani wait well I have the best stuff you
could ever imagine
but if you guys gonna get one of these
signed posters get yourself an order in
now and over the course of this week
we'll get them shipped house if you're
on a t-shirt in a poster it's like loads
around him on so no matter what post you
get chances are it's gonna be signed
she's been dieting as best as she can ah
ha ha funny joke Alice well for me walls
look at those bad boys ganaron Arden
oh it's called a pirate being cold I'm
now at my dad's house because boom
my dad got my wheels change I'm a cow
yes but more importantly but that's out
now because we're going go-karting
tonight I forgot but I'm most Rowley
everyone's like no can't make it can't
make it can't make it I fucking made
it's called his fault look at that
nipple rallied everyone together so
we're doing it did invite Tom account
the car he's got plans he's actually
getting a new little doggie to know so
I'm looking forward to going seeing that
soon bought biking lads apart from my
dad are going right going go Kai so it's
gonna be sweetest chips blah but cuz I
let my GoPro to my brother mark does he
went on holiday he wants to dive with it
and stuff like that I know don't have
the mounts all the GoPro which you know
remember every time I've been like I
always want to be able to go and have my
GoPro charged and ready to go GoPro some
borrowing my dad's boring on borrowing
all my dad's gear and we should be set
to rock and roll yeah you have the
battle scanners look at those things oh
yeah just footballs help everyday oh why
shouldn't we give them back to me
yeah what's up good man it was nice five
minutes ago at noon great I've got my
mmm weird look Oh Pro selection I want
to put in a bag but I didn't want a big
bag with a little bag to keep it all
together so I got the perfect bag right
here right now yeah Tom one time for
something for once me I've gotta be
forgetting summer I've gotta be there's
no way this is gonna go this smooth no
way I just worked out Tony
the office stuff on sake money I just
all that having like wow I'm really
ahead of schedule this is great just
forgot my defenders ready and I suppose
the collected today
yeah so I'm gonna go cut instead general
undriven really sad and come collect it
but hopefully tomorrow bond it'll be
fine brush aloof over broad time for
something really oh my god what is going
on what is going on here we go
entrance but a gold cat in I actually
cannot believe Iran time I'm ready for
this mom apparently you're the favorite
person right now to win because you come
here all the time so that's cheese do
you think who do you think is gonna win
who's top MVP right now me it's really
Jim he's about to take it off me it is
cold in here yeah this was dope yes come
now gum gum gum gum gum gum look at ace
alright I'm ready to rock and roll away
oh shit oh oh this is pretty big look
the neck rather than wearing one of the
helmets they provide I've got my own
helmet in the GoPro on the front of it
so I'm happy with that
that's pretty stoked and Graham do it
sexy for me going going today rather
than a racer you look like one of the
guys who changes the tires he's got
speed shoes on as well shit okay I did
do the whole oh it goes on there and
then oh it goes on there I don't realize
God all the way around there as well
oh my god I love paintballing I think I
prefer to open a paintball arena and go
carry like for sure
for if you want me to open a go-kart
marina people like great feeling
motivated yep yep yep yep yep
Tony's like just leave me to it just
leave you to it otherwise known as the
Stig right right so the way this works
rather than like you've seen me do it
before like rather than drive round and
then stop after a few laps or whatever
it's 45 minutes of pure boom-boom
boom-boom-boom widget which is good but
i like to know why how fast the lap was
asked for pointless stuff at night you
know then continue yourself we'll just
do it
hello my friend mate I'm side of West
alright I hope the angles okay if it's
not
yeah
and then the other guy with that group
is busted for seriously bust it was one
of you two I just couldn't catch them oh
you fucking rapid look at me I'm sweaty
as fuck did you see me spit out all
right
well he says no one was taking well I
managed to get 34.6 is the fastest
laughs and I did 67 laps and is one less
lap because that guy from the other
group was fastest book that was good
games GG I came second I'm gonna be that
guy I crashed and spun out so I just
lost speed lost momentum and he beat me
by a laugh at me a second
and now time to claim thanks for looking
after it nice and sweaty sorry ty with
Tom wait so you know the the cutout
version of the guy Steve fee that I may
ask that I keep slowing with your shot
yeah by the way just a record he is my
hero in the bike you see and yes I
throwed stars aimed shot my boy he stole
my hero
well this is the first time I ever made
and he actually signed this t-shirt
which I've still got in my in my
cupboard but that was me at age 11 with
a shark tooth necklace and that's Steve
P but more importantly nah this graves
bike and that's the first time being
very met so I'm 25 this year and we met
when I was 11
Davison our last time it's okay it's
okay
you didn't win you're leaving they
didn't win I reckon I did but the
computer said I don't know if I said
this but this is you know we go to the
grapes where-where's works look so why I
know right but this is where Graham
woods and this is its grapes dad there
hey once again good job
well some a good job okay just for the
factual thing I did a Phish live from
which is the fastest out of all this ask
Olivia second for a change
hey well I didn't get up tomorrow five
o'clock
Tony Tony alright then just ignore just
ignore everything I had to say cheers
mate bye thank you very much for driving
me tonight it's been a pleasure
I know Tony didn't say that but I will
so thank you hey what are you doing mate
you're Morand I know you're more
interested in something over there what
you're looking at there's nothing there
hello hey wait watch watch me get his
attention watch this ready
he doesn't love me kid what is this oh
it's like crack
he's like the crack cocaine it's like
the crack cocaine and I was in the
collisional merch is supposed to be
cynical regional merch but if you want
to buy the greatest cat toy of all time
bias in the kit regional wristband
seriously you will have so much use for
it yes I did just finish go kind yes I'm
playing runescape and yes I'm streaming
it so I'm gonna give a massive shut up
to the Cole Fox MW one three eight
Mikey what I'm franc for subscribing
even though I'm streaming runescape
legends I stop streaming and I'm like
what kind of here I come in the bathroom
and Lydia is what you The Little Mermaid
in the bathroom out to be amazing Lydia
then all of a sudden broke chili con
carne which was amazing and it was a
very nice little stream got crashed
because she was downloading a little
mermaid but then I was like you know
what Sackett spend some time with it and
he was really really lovely
oh yes nothing like cleaning out the cat
shit that's two o'clock in the morning
in a dressing-gown and obviously mmhmm
yeah okay now you're watching this right
now because the video is late you might
be like how do you know this time
because this is the day the video went
live there's your video right now this
is the video that I've just finished in
an editing you'll find out in tomorrow's
vlog
I had the whole day to edit it get up
one time but I fell asleep now I'm not
happy either with the amount of delays
on these vlogs going up so what I'm
gonna do with this video right is I need
you to leave a like rating on this video
I don't want you to leave it's just a
random comment you can ever think of
said the most random sentence says make
it like you know just like the sentence
long and then leave your Twitter handle
at the end of it make sure your formats
where and I'm gonna pick let's say I say
five of you to give away a free
syndicate original shirt too because the
delays have not been acceptable and I
apologize I'm sorry but it is what it is
so if you guys won't want a t-shirt
actually got like brain get your comment
down there random comment some of that
will entertain me you have a miniature
so the more immature the better and then
make sure you put your Twitter and we'll
hit you up and get it to you with some
free t-shirts so they go there's a
penalty to myself but nonetheless guys
if you're watching this right now the
chance is that I'm not like I'm not but
possibly could be live streaming on
twitch.tv so if you wanna check it out
twitch on TV force ice in the kit leave
the description check it out and go tune
in if I'm there I'm streaming if I'm not
I'm not streaming who knows who probably
cares but nonetheless thanks watching
I'll see you guys tomorrow
leave like rate subscribe and I saw deep
Hoss
