we found the cure to make us happy
we all have kept reasons a little
children hmm
very nice another day another outfit
today I'm a penguin
that's just our wife it's just like how
life works really either way pretty damn
tight even though I got a lot of sleep
but just the way life plans oh really
yeah oh no my foot just to spin either
way I'm giggling and happy because one
complete and - oh it's 1 o'clock in
the afternoon and I've got the vlog
uploaded ready to go for today so I
don't have to worry about the rest of
the day I'd have to be running up and
down mountains for Wi-Fi or 4G another
than that I'm good so yeah well I'm a
very happy man when I get the vlog doing
that now I'm starting to feel hung over
by the way last night kind of got a
little bit rough Ricky thought it was a
good idea to drink all the Jagermeister
so never again I always say that and
then do it the next day on that deal of
easy steam P stops clock - oh nine point
nine into second
pretty goddamn filthy I like how this
guy's jacket says legal observer and
there's a fire burn hole in the back of
it pressing you all night
hey are you shaking good man unlucky
ginge
he's still smashed it over good job okay
I am genuinely surprised the amount of
Scottish people who have turned up here
just to say hello to me they have no
idea what this mountain by traces about
anything about it but they're coming
along saying hello
and they've drove miles and hours and
hours hours just to come in to say hello
to me so it's been really really nice to
meet you guys thank you so much again we
take a moment to thank legend Kent thank
you good sir
this looks absolutely amazing I had to
retire the penguin outfit because they
want me to present an award upon the
thing to everyone is one so one of our
teammates here Steve just came second so
I'll be presenting something to him as
well and yeah we're gonna go watch the
last the race and watch the elite so
let's do these all right we're down at
the bottom of the finish line but can
all these people know it's much more the
weathers weather's a bit bare so it's
brought out the homies and then we're
watching everyone coming in Oh what time
what time what time or time what time do
you do it wait for it wait for it the
fastest so far is two minutes 19 so not
quiet look at the stage of this video
such a show oh my god it might as
well like Glastonbury summer Oh May I'm
totally gonna fall a drop it all
please Jeffrey oh look it's so durable
like what the am I doing here
lead the way wait for it wait for it
wait
all right there good rope not bad I have
no idea what I'm doing
this is like the prime spot for people
bailing so of course this is wearing
withstand and film right Ricky that's
that's the only reason why we're here
yeah you will love it you're yakkin mean
a kid bit of a bad case effing jamu holy
crap
unfortunately stop recording that well
that guy's tired just exploded I thought
I'm gonna win it off it's that was gonna
get shot I'll give you in the safe house
whoa dude nice choice of slow-mo juice
bud good nailed it
two minutes ten times of reason the
elites
so the playful here - will be elite man
hungry because yeah the Beast
alright this is a come on Steve easy
Steve P is fake Oh
Timmy's 10.7 dead dumb to fit places
Steve BCG gather in one nice that way
yesterday may look easy ten years ago I
came to this event being the first of a
mountain bike event I went to I know
yeah
ten years later and presenting the
awards to the top dogs like absolutely
insane like gee I mean what should have
like ten years of Pete as well so do you
like super cool but just give you that
is insane so I really thank you to you
guys for getting me this position in
life I mean I love you guys thank you
well because Ricky up the tire it
has to fix it so this is this is no it's
not really a gram it's been awesome
hanging out we fell open eight I love
you love you too my homie for life we
are cleaning up shop and by we I mean
Ricky and Ken and I'm just not here
eating this cake this is where I'm gonna
question my health because I am
genuinely going to be this full size
cake like it's a biscuit hey you ready
mmm worth every regret hmm goodbye
campsite it's been awesome for the past
two days we've done everything we need
here and how our time has come to leave
goodbye
the deconstruction begins look at the
state of that mod oh my god it's me it's
so bad it's so damn bad but what net was
it worth it oh yeah what I would do for
a Wrangler right now I'm just a tear
around in that mud it would be so much
fun
I definitely got stuck but Oh gotta be
so much fun
so yeah Kent thank you very much for
bringing roommate really glad I did it
I'm Rickie Kiger good man honestly great
trip it's been good to spend time
together again yeah it really really has
we are the official eighteen of England
Hey and alas a massive thank you to
Simon for letting me borrow that
satellite uplink because that saved my
life oh this is pretty close to this man
looking alive
I think we may have squeezed past it
nice ok such a driver we've made it back
to the parking lot of laaka vellari park
where lately enough the security guard
who works here at night who might be
here son as a fan knee drill from here
to the event to see me so might seem
inside though because my DC's are so
filthy in there I'll share my wallet
because my DC's are so filthy in there I
had to leave them there and I'm now
wearing nothing but a pair of waterproof
socks to get me from A to B yeah I like
smells of around it
I've no idea what it is but stinks man
this is what we need ordered some scampi
Ricky for you
Sam here we made our own scampi and then
this cafe and so again to the parent who
took like some weight to the son whose
parent who works here you're not here so
I missed you again but either way I got
lucozade some Scottish money this geezer
and I'm looking for him to eat and so
home and then we got two and a half hour
drive home so it's gonna be a long day
me and my dad I just say and Rikki say
this ginger guy walked in walked across
and like we look to each other and I
just like yeah I kind of just lighten up
and then like turn around and then I
also get freaked out at the guy behind
the account when I was like oh what's
going on there I was like there's no way
that was a natural like excited reaction
I don't know where that was his reaction
just from seeing me and then about 10
minutes later I came in he was like I
lost my when I walked in and sorry
so just blows my mind that I could be
the middle of nowhere I'm in the middle
of like a truck stop basically you know
literally the middle of nowhere I have
to bump into you guys it's one of the
best feelings ever so he was like
absolutely story took a forward together
there's good tweet retweet it now but
like it's honestly an absolute pleasure
to meet you people thank you very much
and you are watching this video right
now so there you are again I love your
face thank you for watching the videos
I'll see you later
well Lockerbie Mari you have given
me some stories in some laughs and that
several funds in there now and met fan
through even just being in there and
knowing I'm in that location but thank
you for your hospitality your food now
we're getting on the two and a half hour
drive home
after two and a half hours Ken goes home
the legend good sir come here yeah thank
you for great weekend rocky all of you
I'm gonna get in bed someone passing out
goodbye team it was a pleasure thank you
for the hangover this morning dad your
legend Ricky you're just a pisshead I
love you aunt Olivia's okay I know I can
see it
hell no no bad it could be quite
professional and not ending these daily
vlogs but either way make sure you leave
a like great and subscribe and I will
see you guys tomorrow where tomorrow's
blog which is today I've got these
guests round at the house dad hey hey
 high
