delay your trip to America Thomas give
me great time we're going to boat cruise
tom it'd be awesome Tom it'd be six and
a half hours long Tom yeah it's
absolutely fucking pissing it game ah
well how are we all feeling this morning
nice and fresh I hope excuse me and dad
how are you feeling I'll go over yeah
there's no even like there's no still
hiding it yes just hungover
I'm just so tired I did not get much
sleep I didn't realize we were in Los
Angeles we stuck in traffic already it's
only well would you look at that the
snow trap doesn't exactly look white
like a snow drop board everyone on it
looks extremely wrapped up nice and warm
meanwhile I'm wearing a jumper a t-shirt
and a hoodie good success oh he made it
good man but it's so cold over on a
scale of one to ten how roofer you no no
no okay
I thought it might be hunger but no I'm
pretty sure he's still drunk because
he's just pulled out a captain's hat
bridge the bridge okay such I really LBB
one chunk our choice we are related to
this mob I don't even know any my
arguing we've been on the boat for about
an hour now we're close enough to the
edge for me to be able to jump off it
I'm very tempted you're an hour and 20
minutes into your trip how you enjoying
it so far loving it loving it let me get
six cups of coffee my angle was not fine
with young boy going
I still feel on that just browsing over
Facebook Facebook
oh my gosh social media with corn yeah
how you like it a girl yes
see that's found in southwest place I
know where this yellow one we're already
on Facebook that's kicking back I put
you in the water and soon banged it it's
rain it's raining outside and I'm so
stop this boat trip six hours is just a
money trap for all people so stick Oh
Sun came out gales I'm happy pals happy
alice is crying and Ken's just batshit
crazy Wow Wow
look this oh wow wow wow
Shrek's boogies ah-ah-ah-ah sake people
are doing that do that so it points out
a rake it is this bringing back memories
when he was a little kid I've been
telling the story never been young
tellin the story being down there what
people tell them the story about the
shooting of a shoot well the story is as
a kid you just kick stones in our
ticking stones in the canal when I'm
kicking stones in the canal you shoot
come on brand-new pair of shoes brand
new Barracuda my shoe came off and went
off into the canal where we are right
now
all there and I had to go we want you to
the rough one minimum with a leather
belt and she made this shit out of him
to Jim will you mean your foster shoes
how can your broken you lose your shoe
they drove on like a day or something I
know about now would you just look about
feel cat look at it it's your childhood
memories right here right now okay look
at it's beautiful we actually it's been
raining on and off you couldn't take
perfect weather for the one point we got
to your memory spot good way it's
absolutely beautiful
oh my Berto that is a lot of doodoo sick
this is actually a really really cool
open whatever's inside that each broke
it
don't we look oh boy gotcha damn
once you pull out your net
that's pretty sick
so simple was so majestic normally in
tsunami tsunami in soup
she's booty dipped into mass or abdomen
soup what what's wrong with you you are
wrong we're approaching the four hour
mark of being on the boat and there's
still more water we're almost are going
through Hong Kong so yeah good seeing a
Kingfisher Swan
heard a peacock maybe a few pigeons the
Sun is out which is great you know is
happy for my dad but I tell you
something it is freezing using cold
how nice of them well my something okay
did you throw it off I'm period he's got
food poisoning and seasick throat just L
I just fired so look I haven't got any
food poisoning so I was clean air from
it I'm for me looking dead white this is
evidence that I am NOT an alcoholic my
dad's drinking again he's got what we
got wrong he's drinking like whiskey
something like Porges he's bringing
brandy in his coffees like Tommy you
drink your JD um I've been hungover for
about two days aroma can't keep drinking
that's when you do become an alcoholic
that's my dad
yeah I need at least a few hours look at
that it's a boat and we're on a boat
those
my your you got around
you are so damn special present with
wall and six hours later we finally made
it to Liverpool Ken how do you feel if I
don't see all this is so what oh oh
you're so on your phone service you
fools successfully made it off the boat
we were on there for six no seven and a
half hours seven and a half hours
if boats are your thing attend its food
starving and then get council medicine
is gonna drop I'll poop I'll attend that
there's awesome instead Joe nice I was
your Boeing experience our 10 hey he was
praying you rate it was great you're 80
innate but we're what - are you sure you
don't hate it with Annie
alright mate that's great damn Daniel
that is absolutely beautiful pretty sure
that's what dantdm zero we managed to
make it to a restaurant
turns out such a really really really
chance to restaurants are you very
grateful for that fact also everyone
just looks bummed out because we've been
stuck on a vessel a vessel for seven and
a half
mmm look at that boys look at that I
have got an amazing Parma ham beat so we
got past all gasps pastor we got some
death that is absolutely cow past outlet
what are you looking at you know
Ravi Oh ravioli sorry ravioli ravioli
with garlic bread I'm an Amish here know
what we came in here 19 minutes ago came
in entering got the food at it and we're
already leaving
yes grouchy was included you know what
I'm get I'm given that honking that nine
out of ten a pizza was that's what would
you give it leave it like he said Ted I
said mine was a nine man was really good
so San Carlo committee was 400 cars
being a look outside San Carlo a
Liverpool Naoto absolutely love
Liverpool a it's gorgeous man I wish we
were staying there
five two hours in Liverpool put the
Constitution undergirds appropriately so
we get on that coach there the end of
our day I'm probably getting run over by
this car so don't do it
wait what is it that's a famous lima
building llama building that library
okay what are you what are you saying
Johanna I know exactly what you said is
the live building that's a nice bird I
like I actually thought I was gonna be
able to block walk around River for like
this is the Beatles thing and this is
this and this is that nope didn't nice
film shit so dad point out all the
tourist stuff to us oh wow a famous face
not the one that girls apparent wait
wait tourists Gail come on tell us
torez got Gail tell us yep let's go
well oh that's gonna depressing
alright the next plots was what I saw
well nice boss are you a female this is
so fancy Brendan yeah now let's get
photo with it but no bhai this one no
I'm joking already filmed it these guys
I can just have them on so now we've got
like a long long drive home but oh yeah
beautiful American case attorney Bobby a
compliment it's absolutely perfect but
we've got the place to ourselves as lies
yeah well hopefully you did enjoy your
tree yeah the drives gonna take a
straight back to solve for keys now and
you've got this luxury coach to you so
Marty thank you alcohol where's the
alcohol we need big thank you very much
I mean I said oh we have a nice cozy
journey home which is gonna take us
about 30 minutes if traffic 45 is not an
hour
hopefully not great day though team yeah
yeah Jamie I'm on the wind right into em
yeah please get better I thought we have
a really fun day I'm so sorry you got Oh
looky Karl hope you girls see you
tomorrow hello see you tomorrow
see tomorrow cause he looks fatal for me
happy birthday
hope you enjoyed your boat trip now
bugger off today I'm never going on a
boat again today I'm just joking really
all right a really timely all right love
you tomorrow secret begins ah
where's you know what bowling 20 quick
BET right now if I win you're a great
you an IOU 20 quid
you seem really confident with this are
you good oh my god my team member just
got a strike like yeah we're trying a
strike pitch tiger strike I have never
seen four all bought what six oh my god
I somehow didn't even get a strike nice
to get night night and beat it by one u
mad u mad u mad u mad Congrats mate
right Wesley
you can do this you've got two strikes
two strikes in a row
make it the turkey gj5 oh he's got it
got it
no what happened
alright technical bastard five strikes I
just got my first I'm still losing fuck
Oh late night test go run for food cuz I
have nothing in my house also no milk so
no cups of tea and I'm British must
change this immediately I'm gonna fuckin
miss this when I get a Jaguar but else
might keep it this is live okay okay you
know what no it's not at past twelve
super nude or cooking time so happy
