perfect way to start a day Weetabix and
winning $1,000 on csgo lotto yes so
really good music I'm no professional
mate but I think your car's broken
because it's spitting out piles of shit
tracks in the bay time to start the day
going getting crisps my homie best
friend Chris he's moved into his own
house I'm going get my housewarming gift
like that gifts for Chris a quiet now
he's moving into his house and Chris has
Larsen dude he's a bit of a party so
decided to get him
Sano's so he can play music throughout
the house I don't if I don't know how
many you need you might need to get
another one for his bedroom boy
maybe's kitchen his lounge you know
entertaining so I picked him these bad
boys up and I'm hoping that he actually
doesn't have these if he does rip okay
Chris's housewarming gift a quiet now I
need to go and get him a card to be like
there's your card that you're totally
not gonna read I don't usually do cards
like no Christmas guys no birthday cuz
nothing always to my mom because she
complains if I don't get one otherwise
but yeah I'll get my card below you
moved into a building you this card says
you did Cheers
yesterday's vlog buff I got to do the
title description and everything so it's
1 o'clock now probably best to go home
make sure that's done and the video is
up for 6 o'clock because 3 days in a row
now the video why the fuck you my camera
stopped twice to today two days in Rome
my videos have been up on time so let's
let's keep the momentum hello random
lady sick fuck your job out of all these
shops where would we acquire a card
hmm all wrapping items are quiet but
GTFO kid how about my driving is I am
surprised as to how this hasn't smashed
in the back of my car I need to take it
out do you know how to know when knowing
you're not old enough to know you're old
that makes total sense but you know how
you know you're younger age 22 is when
you buy a gingerbread man every time you
go to your local bakery now you know
what this PC trouble of having a bit
like oh no my 3 screens don't work you
might like wait a minute
thread your screen that working a wrong
I'm actually really enjoying being back
on one screen having 3 super productive
but also very destructing you've got to
do something
any might you go I'll just put over to
the screen over here and do it later and
then you forget to do what you're doing
so I'm going back to one screen
a baby productive today make a shitload
of gaming videos from the main channel
so if you like my main channel you're
gonna like my face yeah I'm a so be
kidding doesn't fall into a pile of
cocaine by the way I don't do drugs
but did I let me try this pile again you
see what I did that cocaine you sniff it
okay no seriously I don't do drugs
I never have done drugs in all never
tried drugs don't smoke or do drugs
every time I say that though everyone
turns around with that oh yeah but you
just drink as much alcohol as you want
Tom and I'm like yeah I know it's
probably just as bad dear we are keeping
our eyes open for mother nature oh oh we
spotted it there's mother nature naked
in the wild naked in a while I finish
we'll meet you in my accountant Ricky
from America who you guys saw me my dad
hang out with is coming tonight book
because I'm gonna be with India Allison
Cal tonight kick you back at my house
just havin a night just to ourselves and
just enjoying each other's company
basically getting drunk as well we're
gonna be doing that tonight here then
tomorrow we're heading to Scotland me my
dad room Lukey in a motorhome travel
there and we're just gonna get
completely fucked based and it all of
you will go like we're drinking but with
good company it's the best thing ever so
we're doing that I'm wrapping up
Christmas present because he's home from
work now so I'm gonna run around this is
not Christmas present Chrissy's present
no running around his gift now for his
housewarming check out the house wish
him all the best head Bucky and begin
the night so let's do this first in case
you watching this bored like me I tried
to wrap this one his knees I could and
it took me like 20 fucking minutes I
gave up and quit so now I'm like this I
just don't care are you ready for
tomorrow oh man it's gonna be such a
fucking adventure I'm well excited oh
alright then alright
sleep well sleep well don't get too
messy if you do end out going out for a
drink or summat text me
we'll be the great alright I might see
you there for bathing I love him to this
race fucking killer get if he's so cute
his little smart
Oh Chris Gina's new pod I mean summer
fucking rape in it
I did some spin so no it's not very nice
for the neighbors but like this is where
I fucked oh so I text Chris being like
when we have a like a gaming at your
house and I was expecting to text you
back saying might either a date or the
second text should be don't have any
internet now I'm pretty sure you can't
use me without the internet
yeah so you have to wait until you get
internet to connect wirelessly to really
you can't use it for two weeks wreck I'm
great gift right can't use it for three
weeks have you missed me
Oh sick though I sick that live thanks
Sam
thanks Bob I'm alright that's to I'm
right there would you just look at that
view
oh my god it's amazing I have to open my
gate I have to I get to open the gates
to my door and see that sunset but wait
a minute who da fuck is this oh my god
look at the view I get that every night
oh it's beautiful
oh so you ready just to kick back with
children and have a good night okay sure
you're gonna do say let's go what the
gum wins together you ready alright so
we're gonna pick a skin and then you're
gonna pick which side were on
so let's pick that we start with the
turns doll that which side you want
terrorists and counter-terrorists
good man that shoes do I pick can we
went in on the next fad every warden
nearly broke the little finger there
success let success update we are now
awaiting for car to return from the
golden Phoenix with the food so we can
chicken and sweet con su blue moon beer
from America good one yeah really got
caught up in the googas good decision
salt chips and salt of chicken pizzas
that try the boys never have anywhere in
the world by far better sometimes you
can pieces in this sauce try it mm-hmm
still about watching scary drive home
films are pause I really want you fired
by KK Webb goodbye you are a whiskey
yeah look at the size of this bed how
comfy is the under the bed is dark and
warm and comfort is toys and hit those
baskets in here there's a glass floor in
here and he said it chooses even that
step or that step are the entire house
like why it was simply comfy it's made
of wood
well this isn't where you expected me to
leave off tonight I am now in the camper
van for tomorrow where I'm at venturing
to Scotland so the next three days of
vlogs the me in Scotland
doing crazy awesome stuff so but I mean
drinking with my dad and Ricky watching
mountain biking which is
awesome and checking out Steve PS I
think the last race so that should be
goddamn awesome if you're a forest I'll
see you there
butch lips your faces make you leave
like rain comment saying testicles
artistic killer and testicle II
tyrannosauruses that's a lot of teeth I
even want you to say a lot of teeth and
then what I said now and then stop
coming I'll be impressed but as always I
love your faces look like rain subscribe
now so you guys at 6 p.m. for the next
vlog also if I don't have internet where
I'm at I don't know what I'm going to do
for the next 3 days
