I were trying to get the internet
working and whilst we're trying to get
working look at the time it's a sign
that it's either gonna work you're gonna
fail so it should work but I know it
well let's see if we can bring back the
W with a $1,000 win is poor mum yes it
is nice well I'll look into you will we
win $1,000 right now the answer is yes
we will oh shit you my boy nadeshot good
against with $1,000 bet and oh what a
thousand dollars of mate shot fuck yes
only thing that's been keeping me saying
all day while trying to fix my computer
is just play on CS Colo and I'm honestly
what about $6,000 today I'll see s
killer oh so PC go fuck yourself csgo
lotto
thanks for skins mean they Joe do know
to run bet oh my god oh my god I just
want to kind of nature oh my goodness
through a ryan v7 thank you so much
could sir um I had to uninstall all the
drivers off my computer
reinstall them by downloaded embalmer
laptop putting them on a Thundra which
is there and then install them on my PC
like if I don't have a laptop or working
in there this PC would have just died
from what I know right now I think that
I yes I'm connected to it in there and
hopefully now we can see if csgo will
load and the survey says no csgo will
not fucking load oh my god we got it
working what the actual fuck thank God
all right I love you
instantly it has been so damn real but
ladies and gentlemen welcome aboard a
new like $100 knife which is goddamn
sexual factory new stattrak beautiful
we've still got a whole star track
middleware looks like potato though
because that's right aquamarine with
that very tasty and there it is this one
I'm going to show you on the main screen
my dragon more just look at it some
people might have a clue what's fucking
is but it's just this gun is literally
worth $1500 real live cash I could sell
that right now for that much money and
go and spend it just look at that got
the games installed now I can relax I'm
turning off the PC hopefully it doesn't
break it
and I'm stepping away going seeing my
sister and my mom I need a break trying
to fix this took way too long
Orion thank you so much everyone on
Twitter thank you so damn much getting
that done but I need to get out this
fucking house I'm going crazy feels so
good to be outside even though it's cold
and windy it is so good to be outside
but here we see my dad hunting down them
fucking crows it is he's going mental
looking from I swear I should totally
tune you guys in this is my dad's camper
van but it's gonna be my home as well
because me my dad going camping this
weekend to play a place called AE forest
in Scotland so if you're there come by
to the mountain bike event and you'll
see me my dad but we're going camping
and we're gonna be we're gonna be
bunking up in this together
Oh what we got in here it's like it's
like a tour we got a cooker and a saint
I'm assuming this is the the shower no
there's not a shower it is yes yeah
where the hell's a shower wait
but dad was the shower the synced up you
bring that out ah convenience levels
that little shitter okay okay I'm
assuming this is wardrobe wardrobe nice
little wardrobe in here and then which
is your better which is mine that's my
bed not sure bad how the hell are we
gonna I'm pretty sure you got longer
than that good offer
no I'm long enough that your new short
leg my let's check your but you're
actually yes perfect size good huh
so you'll give you stirring all night
waking me up then no not necessarily
dunno we don't hope with me all this
line throwing look at which I'm gonna
set the table we do for attending as
well got a tent inside all right yeah
this is wicked that's gonna be this is
gonna be home I'm ready for it I've done
camping before any more Alex I'm well
excited for I love it so yeah bring on
the weekend to meet my dad I think we've
just agreed that we're just gonna get a
crate some binge
music blaring we're just gonna get
crates of beers and then just go and get
drunk it's gonna be like Max and putties
road to nowhere yeah here we see a wild
Alice back it said to get a range of
back at it again this is all the stuff
we've unloaded from the shows lots of
empty boxes cuz the merch got destroyed
lis eaten by the audience
lots of people wearing royal um what are
we we agree we call those origins by the
way
this is called the origins jumper
telling you it's what it's called
how you doing mom oh okay W to help and
devilish I'm some random things this is
an Xbox controller cut out with me and
this is a hurry me you Harry
that's what I'm so glad that I remember
he's made on top of my head than the
signers phone right now and yes I do so
I'm like a meeting because syndicate
regional offices right now survives of
all the snaps that everyone brought me
at the event for i-57 so thank you for
the chuckle egg no that was I did give
you a poster in return and whoever
brought me in the crate of cup your sons
thank you as well as much as Caprio sons
are the best thing ever from fans
someone at the event I do much to see
premiere ball of Jameson best fun ever
Oh No thank you you found it and to the
fan who brought the potato cut the
potato cut the bit well he didn't bring
the bailiff take it bought the guy who
brought the potato cut there it is it's
firing the vlog I'm sorry where the
other clip went when I recorded it you
giving me book thank you for potato curl
until the person thank you for the Hulka
home has Jefferson Tom I cannot express
how good this fun art is it's so good
Sam you're a fucking wizard but I'm
looking at all the fun out from the show
lots of it we don't know whether
whatever is for he wrote this but
someone made a swear jar for me swearing
ain't gonna do it that's pretty good I
did say I wasn't gonna swear as much
more fuck it give me some money to put
in it wallet so we made does well and
this playboy and I took this off the
person this was cool just prefer my
night cop we're monitoring on the back
of it right Tom Civic it derp face whoa
what have they made me cuz my syndicate
yeah what is it what art it what on it
we're gonna be what the sick
wait what do you wait wait that's guys
interesting he was it Brighton Hill
Jones his ice name was
Byron Byron thank you let me see the
thing again Byron this is no is in
pieces flags to show
what I was fuckin sick yes my room what
is it say honey is here
whoa syndicate originals bear since 1993
live life to its voiced hell yeah I'm
playing this hole with me
I honestly don't understand how I didn't
manage to see all these people someone
made a real-life Raygun what you maybe
Sam Murray 2 4 8 6
thank you very much large that is dope
that is really really cool thank you so
much for the f people into that that is
you some much love from Belfast remember
the person who gave me this I was in a
bit of a rush pot oh my god that's dope
thank you very much well I feel really
really good looking at lieutenant 1912
I like it yeah look at that look at that
person babies
hey Pheebs Pheebs oh man this Alex go
it's really i literally have the best
punch line up one what yeah Tom Paul
that was really good we hope to all
these people we posters I wish I didn't
even give up so I know it's Mustang
given these guys posters I gave potato
one I didn't get Jameson got one I
should a drunk everything my dad's
getting drunk at stand huh yeah well
Alice you know you run Civic original
and a fan browser sure that is not so
syndicate a rigid know what there's
nothing on about oh wait there's a name
there's a name everyone tweet them
saying not so original but very original
oh my god I can't believe it someone
give me a real life csgo night for the
event whole we test once thank you ready
sure wait I don't get it no oh my god an
IRL crumb bit holy shit
you're Michael McCann thank you very
much for that I didn't even realize but
he signed it himself on the knife as
well that is absolutely awesome dude I'm
not even good bro thank you very much
for the gift and to also this legend who
gave me a ways he did he do his other
one oh no he didn't and then he says he
got got me something great thing saying
Tom syndicate no bought YouTube the The
Wizard number one you
uh-oh Oh Alice found him camera guy Oh
what you gonna do do it done ah how to
be a wizard IRL you ready three two one
what the fuck no work
that won't work him in a give it all
right now they're my presents not yours
get it I like cut some alakazoom yeah
they go oh no we're back to the whole
shit jack Oh Donald thank you for the
sweet I'm watching a witness right now a
double dip and add a double dipping
forever oh my gosh my girl Jessica
Alicia I think it's just kaliesha Elijah
you're a fourteen and your name is
rainbow gaming I just read your letter
and I'm glad you're doing well in life
now okay I always stay positive
always keep your chin up and always be
here okay I love your face and I know
you live in Germany also I don't know
what that is on the wall but honestly
Jessica stay awesome
ah Nathan what a muscle shibez you my
friend because you talk about 3bd and a
lot of other stuff and you call Luke
homeless ha ha ha take that Luke you
shit so Alice how do you feel about
yesterday's thumbnail my YouTube video I
was like I was doing it I was like she's
gonna be so mad so that is a little nail
for today one sec where is he oh hello
little one hello hello that's oh my gosh
ruin the place House you be gone
Theodore Theodore come receive it hello
hallo oh so big Alicia fluffy hello
who was your doing well you don't
food is that all you want I can't wait
to see you your little slut
oh it's Alice's loaf baby look at every
she little bit make him dance as a
little baby
ah the inner cuddles mean Alice fly when
we find smokey we just wanna go eyes
look at it ah lookie lookie
everyone's up I'm on such why'd you call
and Theodore Bible holy shit that's a
big pussy you're holding its massive jaw
Cathy oh you've got heavy I told you I
first of all a big shout-out to the
vision foundation don't go to UK because
they do great stuff vision for kids
you know who you I hope gave me this I'm
gonna keep wearing this ball and this
one so maybe a little respond that said
Tommy it's to you and there's a cynic
original swag which I can't know because
we spoiled the hell great job Alice but
this is me saying goodbye to insomnia 57
you ready I keep all my responds on from
the events just so now I've got them on
naked naked
um I'm done awake no not I'm sweaty free
and done and clean and everything but
now these ones return I new ones coming
got any ones coming
oh there's always promoting the clothing
line but there we go
insomnia good do believe I took two in
your house house and it smells like
death also your room is a fucking mess
that's Percy this is my sister's
childhood teddy
Oh Percy the penguin Minds brown bear I
think you guys have sound bream same
brown bear before but look Alice I'm
gonna hold him hostage but a strangle ah
ah sorry I love it really really hey I
don't see you I go where's this what's
this what's it oh we didn't attack you
actually hey sorry sorry cat they go
show them off
oh yeah someone she's just back on the
fuck out
oh it's the little baby girl she's
making the favorites on the vlog who is
it Oh what kind of is it cuz it's a
bright a slide from over there
oh wait let's see how Theodore likes it
they don't go
uh yeah he loves it he's clearly trying
to run away from it yeah he's like my
life is kill me on kasi some fun out of
Alice just been really excited over this
little monkey and Theodore being like
like my life the cat is intensifying
yeah hello hello hello hello where's the
intensification cow I have to express um
when you usually tickle haha when you
usually tickle a chi it's not custom to
bite the own ah I got holes in me I was
tickling him I thought thanks beauty
lamb
finger finger high-five OOP no do
probably no look up look up yeah fuck
you Theodore I thought OOP he's probably
gonna attack me let him go and go in
Brooke well today I've been with my dad
I've been with my sister doing my mom
I've seen Cal I've seen the cup and now
join but with me mom I'm going up some
dinner out
to a very nice feel relaxing for the
night and just enjoying each other's
company
well good a wrap can we do that instead
Britishness I'm gonna try and nail this
dish in in voluntee Mia the polo on the
shepherd
nailed it this is why I love Italian
food it comes with time Bahamas a star
you like it like that not on the meal
okay that looks absolutely amazing I'm
fine thank you board shape that looks
nice but mine looks just it's my store
wife
that's her oh my goodness me could the
bay fucking beautiful but he give that
restaurant out of 10 said yeah I give us
IMF not only been asking me this seven
point three seven point weird number but
I'm gonna give it a seven point three
out of ten cuz uh good good stuff good
food was it called
well adult me go dolce vita tall Chevy
uh this is long enough all right good
life who Wow
yeah I'll give it seven point three out
of ten dr. Vetra Marple definitely
recommend it that an ass oh well as
always we came back after a great night
started watching
47 running road in I put my head down on
sofa and past the hell out for capacitor
films finish so did you joy really sick
yeah I really enjoyed it as well it was
absolutely sick but now it's late so go
drive home home home so what day is it
spent the night and oh okay Artie one I
was just about to say last bit of the
night I'm doing I have one about sixteen
thousand dollars off csgo lotto today
I'm not even kidding you guys and as you
see here I just won fourteen hundred
dollars so fuck yes there's been a
stupidly successful day on csgo lotto
got a lot of stuff done in the office my
see I'm a laptop working my computer
working thank goodness for that the
stress of yesterday was killing me book
because that's a god I think any videos
but nonetheless I did hang out with
family so it's more important tomorrow
we're hanging out with neighbors which
is gonna be absolutely wicked there come
around to the house I think they're
stopping over revving like a sleepover
event of the coming staying and I've
just got the house to be able to do it
so that's going to happen so look
forward to that
yeah really looking forward to going
away camping with my dad this weekend
it's getting really good not done that a
long time with them so I'm really really
excited and you know just get away from
like all the tech and everything I'll
have my phone to vlog of course port
yeah crazy day made 16,000 dollars off
csgo lotto what the actual fuck those
guys if you wanna be awesome you leave a
like rating let's try and see if we can
hit 16 like ratings that means you have
to click that button 16 times does that
mean you like or dislike
I don't know but make sure you click it
subscribe I will see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. to the next video thanks for
watching and soldered
