all the morning I denied before cowhide
feeling we're a full-blown tape mode
right now but we're feeling good we're
feeling rock and roll I don't even know
that means but we're surviving
therefore we must survive my gosh we
made it out in time for breakfast
yes oh this is of need I care if you'd
like it some water there's a jug over
there so I brought the joke to me
instead food is exactly what we needed
you're feeling good you look smile like
about to be a model shoot like to it but
it up button it up ooh ooh because
scenery sunglasses for this amazing
weather and let's start day three of
insomnia Karla reminiscent of the pop
quiz but also the same time one take a
moment it genuinely said thank you to
the random group of Ages people racism
it's craziness like places where we bump
into people and not only me bump into
people who watch my videos but when
cow-house people call Jim like your car
our Tom's videos and like when people go
trials like your neighbors it's just
it's one of the most amazing things ever
so yeah I really genuinely appreciate
it's fucking incredible
Oh in it and yeah been out to party with
all you last night was amazing I think
we ended up about 200 jaegers last night
and he was like I think it's all
probably bout 370 Eggers ended up buying
for me and fans so one hell of a night
there's our daily dose of dogs some near
gaming festival exhibit hall one day
three begins and go over cure required
its to be feeling pretty good right now
I'm not gonna lie how you feeling
but after yesterday Alice how you feelin
up to yesterday crank fresh okay where
did you go last night
what they had to get to fill this
morning talk
I'm ending up all his mouth
yeah so I gotta get on my side either
way it's a good night
it's very tired some emotional in here
so we can go and thank you very much got
a blast we said this months ago that
this was going to be the epic night of
nights and was it when we went to
Chester Zoo
Charlie is that one that died in America
you go this guy's tattoos are amazing I
saw this was I got wait wait this one I
thought this is incredible and then he
showed me this
these beautiful people and then this
random dude was like can you sign my
face so like Willy said yes this young I
mean tall ginger dude got a complement
of Indian has impeded not very hey you
better watch out right when you down a
try Mary Hogan oh you'll get broken with
your gun plug I'm love you know you
blogging blogging or organize your blog
let's see where this is how is he let's
do here and on his snapchat we went to
face what with the weirdest shit up oh
here it is
and we were like wait what the hell is
going on is that where's my face he's
all the way down that let it repeat look
we lost why much what the heck happened
here this I don't know batshit crazy
I've been growing this for like three
years how long you been growing up oh
yeah look at that thing is magnificent
we all feeling good after yesterday
though we good after shenanigans was he
feeling fine I'm not tired or her
because she's got vodka in that drink
for me
recovery mode do do it fail to do a fire
you up burn
I said it don't I have no idea what
we're doing
we're playing super rhino jury no bees
Jenga but it's German so we have no I
fucking there what it says Oh Mikey run
it was it was 0 20
Germany money barnacle please water
youtubers we have syndicates
bunch of people back in the booth again
Oh
bunch of people back again so
oh my god all of a sudden Easter Bunny
Road and I did not know it's Greg from
oh thank you for the cream bacon so you
might use after last night's favorite
cover up hell yeah yo yo yo he's the
Easter Bunny for creamery know that I'm
the Easter Bunny of yanger bombs yeah
absolutely we're a lot like that's not
and I've shown this before but like this
is so good like this tattoo Evan just in
case you're watching this is small
sometimes I like it mother's gone i
watch that did mother almost too short
make the most time as well switch liking
those I'm personal tomorrow for the last
night and somebody was the best i know
knows that part that's nice so I'm kind
of disappointed also you call me a
ginger a soulless bastard in my video
Paula mr. Kumar you kissed someone that
takes all so what's that mean gay yeah
this is the single I could have worked
with I didn't use actually pay their
debts interesting okay thank you very
much Donovan doing do it doing I would
like to voices bad I'm not doing it
we're done that's it you finish the show
we've packing everything up right now it
always beat the break things down
everything getting sorted out and Knicks
just being me but yeah we're cops and
all this I'm gonna sit on this chair and
do nothing apart from edit my blog
because yesterday's vlog is late I
apologize for that again I just spent my
entire day doing nothing meeting fans
met one pissed off parent today that was
it everyone else who would understood
and respected the fact that I was trying
my best to fly through seen everyone and
take photos and sl√°n shit today it's
been a really really good event three
days is formed by like that like
ridiculously flown by so yeah only once
if I need to change on the entire event
is just sleep more we always have my own
room so gonna sit on this chair edit my
vlog I'm not moving until it's done
success
get him out you know you
et now this is me being the boss yeah do
things things of doing do them love you
Fred trouble right Leslie smush -
everyone was super proud this is what it
looks like when everyone's clearing out
members of staffs just moving shit
around razor looks like a bomb site and
cynic original she's gone
oh my goodness there it is Cindy
original we've cleared out and emptied
all these furniture going at me by some
other stuff always did yes success
yeah may just accept very proud of you
very very proud and gals India very
proud of you is coming up very very bad
and you know buddy thank you very much
for help tell you smashed its Indyk
original once again cry every time every
time every time I lose someone I say
goodbye I cry but nigga I'm sorry my
voice is gone so I was doing cartwheels
hey I'm so you gained the nickname
Lana high school it's cool I'd like to
be referred to for my beer that's right
Toby get through this Oliver whoa okay
this Escalade his name is Nick not Nick
that you will refer to him as the
legendary dick for now on legend Nick
yeah you talked over the phone HT in the
pizza oh yeah by the way we came and got
pizza my hair looks like a tail mode
because I am potato mall right now
it's been a long last day but we got the
squad still this is nothing this is you
that's left the people just have the
people just like we've got ash so we got
Brian
we got Ryan's friend we got prey great
guys who joined us not these legends
long Kid
and I've got another bear a couple is so
big I like it
Cheers are you going hey good job this
weekend soldered soldered no sweet bro
nice for y'all I do jeans the guy says
how the strawberries like when I finish
the drink I can't eat the strawberries
boom
I'm not allowed to film this way she's
got sable but basically I started with
25 he's going east back to 25 pounds and
Ashley start with 5 pounds and guess
what made thousands my favorite age my
favorite gingers waffle for e-e-e body
drugs
hey that's look at this Bowie this is
how we fuckin do shit so uh all in fuck
you I'm Nadia let's play the game where
we did it sorry this fixed because only
me rich is like people like here's a
leaflet learn husband I was like okay
and won a thousand pounds so thank you
leave well I guess what we can't get
free drinks but we can get free free
chocolate eggs
obviously Madonna cook down it go fuck
yourself the way this series of events
is because you got me and Boeing right
now we're playing we've won a thousand
pounds pretty much eat and this guy the
table knows who we are so dude you
better win us someone if you don't we're
gonna kill you I mean no that's because
gambling is stupid I unfortunately have
to do everything I have on the cards
right now because we did heads or tails
if I win I'll see you as a happy man I
lose I was unfortunate mum wish me luck
oh okay well I won't we're good sweaty
balls dude I have not ever said just one
but we funky looking ass unless you're
coming skinny dipping in Amman
with his in the pool yeah I am actually
oh okay so I'll say that by oh just in
case I don't know it's been a pleasure
as always we see so much of each other
right out oh I'm gonna miss you when we
go yeah we're gonna no I fucking love
your face let a ridiculous hi hey no no
I need my no more month we win a lot
money
I started oh I don't know to be lost
about money you can't throw a bomb into
this as much as you want to try I will
not let alright but so next time my
friend already
there's better pleasure we're gonna win
ten grand next times each other no we're
gonna win the seven ground on the 11 in
a row which is like a one-man job we're
playing that next time a thousand
percent ha ha ha
by the way your play stretch down below
don't and fall the shower that is a
rather bright sunshine right now but
forgot to end yesterday's vlog guys if
you did enjoy make sure you like and
subscribe new video every single day of
me sharing my life with you guys on this
vlogging Channel and yeah I'm actually
that tired now that I can't even finish
this outro so yeah make sure you leave a
comment saying don't do ding lingual
dongs I like to see how you all spell
that and until tomorrow I'll see you
guys then and it was
