man terminals 3 we meet again I'm here
in beautiful old England maybe a taxi
home download the DLC and go to that and
I think I'm gonna go into Jaguar this
week and go and put in the deposit for
my new car
I can get in short on it it's just
really really expensive to go for the
SVI which is the bigger engine which is
585 brake horsepower compared to the
founding 70 Britain brake horsepower and
it's only 15 break up power difference
but it's almost twice the insurance
which is just ridiculous oh you sweet
home man it's like I never left
either way time to get inside stay
inside and go to bed 99 fucking hours
left on this download are you even
serious oh my god for a love of nipples
thank God I took it off Wireless and put
it onto a wide connection and it went
from 99 hours to 40 minutes this I can
deal with talk about messing up the
tailboard stars right look outside it
look I fell asleep in bed for about 3
hours ok 3 hours I fell asleep on I
forgot to set my alarm and even worse I
forgot to start the download for the DLC
I showed you all that download before
going on it was like yeah that's fucking
awesome but that was for an update for
the PlayStation not download the DLC I
now have to wait another 1 1 5 minutes
for the DLC to download before I can
even play the new fucking map and he
keeps saying 3 hours so this is
extremely making me upset and more
depressing the DLC isn't downloaded the
vlog isn't uploaded because I didn't
upload the vlog says wave the DLC to
download because I thirds that
downloaded it wasn't downloaded and now
I have to do both together and it's
whitening so fuck oh what a beautiful
dating and holy shit I feel good because
I've slept feel nice and refreshed the
DLCs got about 10 more minutes before
it's finished and the vlogs up 20
minutes like not too bad yeah yeah what
a great day might also notice that I'm
kind of struggling talking because the
flu that I've got is like really really
hate my throat so I'm probably not gonna
vlog all that much today just simply
because of uh I need my voice for making
the gaming videos today the new zombies
map
and I do not want to lose it by the time
I go to record later today however with
that said I need to get this news out to
you guys right now I got contacted
directly through Jaguar UK on Twitter
I did not tweet at them I did not hit
them up or anything they just somehow
saw my vlog I'm genuinely serious they
somehow saw my vlog and was and saw the
part where I was like I fell in love
with a car that assists that this is the
car that I want to get everything and
they've invited me to go to a personal
like private test track that once I can
get off my fucking Drive fucking
handbrake electric ham brakes so come on
you have been invited to go and do a
test track day with Jaguar and I'm just
like fuck yeah so they've invited me to
go up and test out that and also they've
invited my dad to come and do an
off-road experience so I am fucking
stoked
chicken sandwich meal acquired mmm rain
got 10 probably three sweet nurse I've
got the map downloaded I've got my stuff
ready to record yes I am wearing the
Muppet Show pants but either way it is
now seven o'clock nearly eight yep it's
nearly eight o'clock and just getting
around to recording my first playthrough
of the new DLC not my first playthrough
do a first round hold off do you like
perks all that sort of stuff new weapons
cover all of it and as much as I'm
excited about the new map pack all I
want to do is sit in that chair oh
that's yeah sit in the Sun and just
drink a liquor say because I just
fucking love this weather right now
ending on this amazing but nonetheless
skill upstairs get the day started
it's gonna be a long day I mean it was
about 4 a.m. 5 a.m.
banging out them videos so let's get
into the old-school zombie style things
let's do this
well apart from not dying I am on that
video growing up getting some videos
rendered out right now the other video
that I made I made today on DLC days I
usually make like 30 right honestly like
30 owes over the time he's gone down and
down and down to the point where I
usually make like maybe 10 15 videos
today on DLC launch within like 24 hours
of it being out I only made one fuck
video that really isn't because I wanted
to only make video the one playthrough
session that I did I decided to record
it in the best quality possible-- do
this do that make like 10 times better
than I normally would make a first
attempt video and it took six times as
long to make the actual fucking video so
unfortunately that took up my entire day
of like content creation so I've been
back from New York now for like 18 hours
and in today's vlog I've done nothing
because I've been inside making videos
all day tomorrow I'm gonna be inside
making videos all day today after that
I'm gonna be inside making videos all
day but that's part of the grind of why
I came back to work but it really makes
me think like what do I want to do and
what makes me happy and vlogging and
going doing shit makes me happy I am
making videos and having fun like
getting back to the roots of making
zombie videos but like if I compare the
passion of that to my vlog in my
vlogging wins thousand times over so
thank you for letting me do walking and
you guys caring about random shit that I
do and would you just look at that view
right the police station is going off I
got my first attempt up today I got a
Power tutorial for people who are
struggling with the new map got that
going up and then I also got
pack-a-punch tutorial going up as well
cuz white bitches need some assistance
so yeah let's say it's now lookup time
look literally look at me look at me
look at me I'm the captain now no really
it's like nearly seven o'clock in the
morning I'm going to bed so PC go fuck
yourself I'm going to write some notes
time shit I need to do tomorrow but then
the hell look how great this looks
that's the Sun rising from outside my
window what can't see through it you see
through it you can't see through it you
see through it look up with some looks
going through it demon meteors coming
towards me alright but that's it for
today guys
I'm going to bed sorry I haven't done
much showing I'm like tired of shit but
it's just the way things up and I'm
usually I just really gently
a day I come back from a flat Los
Angeles on New York so lack of sleep
lack of everything I'm eating a bowl of
cereal I'm writing down on my video
ideas for tomorrow and I'm going to bed
so thank you very much for watching if
you had some reason enjoyed this vlog of
shit make sure you leave that like if we
can hit 50,000 white grains from vlog
where I've done nothing I'll be very
impressed so if you're up the charge
let's go for it I'm going to bed thanks
for watching until next time I'll see
you guys tomorrow where I'm gonna try
and make all my videos when I wake up
and go and do something at night so
until then adios
