got your day right hydrate now the
problem of drinking all this water
helpful are you doing you looking like a
freshly brushed cat yes you are
what you doing but you okay because what
about a new dog do or are a new day in
today's the day we take for your 840 but
what today's the day we're going off to
go 40 you guys remember we got the gift
from I'll remember the name when they go
get it we got the gift
I'm taking Lydia to Erica a tea for the
day so in 15 minutes we're leaving so
I'll go and pick up the gift voucher now
yes I do look really tired because hope
it is scare you
wait what am i videoing that's good jump
spell even my side
yep not good now this is looking good
bill gulps okay I will end you a use
that wait have you been growing this at
the start of the year no trim yes is
that the air mate you look good ah you
try to compete with me I do you
tourniquet eugenic cunt each other come
to the big leagues you chalica it's
rather Coonan a big leagues okay
don't you worry I'll be right back
stepping your goddamn game up boy you
said it was a big present didn't know is
this bloody big was some way to know
what's your test is he actually a
Toblerone
they are so monkey oh my god that is
amazing
- Cindy getting up Tom - didn't even say
so Nicola it's - time with unison to get
oh gee and family first I'd like to
whisk Lydia speedo a second myself thank
you your friends at home build amazing
videos then work
they don't know he were to give us a
late Christmas chocolate oh dude that's
so awesome Chuck Chapman Lee what a name
LPC photography dude thank you so much
listen if you guys want go and thank him
for this Mazda bronze then there is his
Twitter or Instagram so go check him out
go say thank you and oh my gosh a big
cash bar chocolates so legend have to
fight for this today is once again been
Hawksworth absolute last man hooked us
up with this like afternoon champagne so
yes let's get this show on the road
whoa okay I'm so sorry
see you later see you later more
importantly see you later bye bye now
bye bye key
oh well I was gonna tell you don't
forget go fuck yourself Moby that got
his ass we made it to the middle of
nowhere at the entire time you be like
oh god y'all going to Betty's
oh my guys waiting for ya this is a gift
that someone said in first to go and
have afternoon tea together
sorted so then thank you very much this
man you're absolutely home a bit making
a recovery perfect I've never been here
before looks absolutely gorgeous this is
very nice mm-hm
suits you sir hey this place is hella
nice it's got a private screening cinema
in there with all the chairs and stuff I
just met noon noon oh yeah dunno hotel
manager he said we'd been tipped off
that you are coming and it was like so
everybody's gonna use a little tour
around the hotel in a minute so do it
yeah if I would have known this place
was like a really nice fancy hotel and
had a really nice fancy spot well I kind
of did because it came with a booklet
that told me everything about it but I
thought of thought about it more in like
making sense I should have just booked
as a hotel here for the night
stayed overnight use the spa I then left
in the morning sort of thing so who
knows we probably could still stay over
just wake up in the morning I'm sure
with the hotel I'll have light to push
into face we can use wear the same
clothes and then go into Harrogate which
is like right down the road and then go
and get ourselves some new clothes to
the next day so we've made earnest into
and a bit of an extended adventure but
honestly mate Lydia is so happy so thank
you for this I really keep thanking you
I'm gonna get on a letter and see if you
put your address on there or contact
number so I can get in touch with you
and we're gonna hook you up really we're
gonna hook you up because lovely glass
of champagne with our little running
parting or foods on the way my man my
man I said let me just move meaty part
away sorry disturbing the peace very
nice thank you very much sir I didn't
know afternoon tea you could have more
sandwiches so he said would you like was
someone just I got more sandwiches only
for me to realize we've still got
stories to come back here get your
basket dinner has arrived we go oh my
god this this place right now is is
winning is it
maybe that's a good-looking scooter God
Lawrence Gordon was meant a little
flatter and flatter scone but a little
bit very nice got a little bit of
clotted clotted budget cream the cream
and Oh strawberry jam made this this is
the fanciest place I've ever been to for
chance counts and champagne so that is a
normal Jam scone that is a claw cream
jam scale it kind of looks like hell on
earth but it's going to be delicious
Cheers why does yours look good okay I
think Upton you're wrong
it's supposed to look like but it's not
supposed to look
be proud of it I was gonna say cheers to
being British
mmm-hmm this is good very nice it's good
I'm gonna close the lid on that basket
because that was got woodyard's and so
far I excuse me that was louder hiccuped
I also would give it a ten out of ten we
got I think peanut butter and pumpkin
macaroons triple chocolate brownies
shortbread no you know something sorry
now I'm getting to the bursting point of
I am earring very very full butter and
pumpkin it might not even be a pumpkin
but whatever
that's the weirdest amount of flavor in
a macaroon I've ever tasted in my life
was really good I think bullshit I think
it's safe to say success per day super
successful and cheers to the amazing
staff at this wonderful establishment
thank you
I'm gonna put inside the glass and Tibet
more importantly I must say thank you
Tibet cheers brother this one's to you
this is gorgeous look wow it's got its
own Hair Studio a Beauty Studio what's
it oh yeah what were these I want
pedicure do right now let's go toilet
for two seconds
Liddy's having a look at bloody food
menus about gay what are you doing we
looking at it's got three rosettes
this place is so big it's absolutely
gigantic this is the seven million pound
expansion they look how nice that is
you're moving yes new hope this is our
new home
welcome look at the size of this sauna
oh there's someone round the corner
that's why I'm not filming this place is
huge
I couldn't even imagine how much this
pasta run oh and here only did they have
a chill-out room here look at this room
they've got a chill-out project just
like cinema yeah we need to know yes for
sure
this is dope that's a Big Apple another
relaxing zone where you can get an iPod
from reception literally just repeating
everything you said sorry like go and
get a knife or you can just chill out
air and listen to music you know this
place is so nice it's still a big go and
sit down this is gorgeous
I want my bedroom to look like this I
actually tried might add this to my
bedroom yeah this is this is impressive
you get a massage together and then
because it's the VIP room you get in the
bathtub together oh yeah flippin heck
make this swimming pool section goes
this way and goes this way and outside
this class goes to outside the building
it comes out out here into a heated pool
overlooking this cot oh I just garden
hey look at one of the most you know I'm
gonna have to ask you
so you exit the beautiful spa and you
come out says gorgeous rooftop that's
all they're not there's a hot tub hidden
here behind the trees you can see
downstairs into the reception and
they've got an outside starter there as
well
I know right amazing for a pedicure I'm
gonna get my toenail don't I mean I'm
but instead we found out you do a picker
makes of treatments we're gonna get 50
minute Head massage and the 15-minute
foot massage and we're gonna wait to get
to doing this to my ceiling
oh my god I fell asleep in it for like
half an hour I know it's time from my
side so could not resist coming here and
not getting my side so having a
15-minute head I'm a foot massage before
we leave overall today's be a beautiful
day yo that Mossad was incredible
I'm not just chilling out in the Oh
projector room and I just realized I'm
sat on these boring that chest I'm a bit
of my shoes and I'm getting inside the
floaty chair hell motherfucking yes I'm
gonna make my make my dad install one of
these in my cinema room my god okay
swings a little bit too much awesome out
of 10 10 yeah this place is definitely a
10 out of 10 great disco sure I've ever
seen for aspiring my life
doo-doo-doo-doo you just had an
operation you're not gonna go attend I
thought I heard something rip hmm I am
so sad to be leaving this place like
it's one of them if if I would have read
that thing properly I would have seen it
how nice of a hotel it was I would
probably pack to live here a nice little
like night over night staying over back
but you know what it's nice to see it to
do what was done today and in a weird
way looks forward to something we're not
in a bad way but you know like you and
me like we're gonna go do it we just
like let's go do it
or we go do something let's do that as
well so it's like yeah we always just do
it and get it all done so we don't have
to go back so now it's like a nice thing
to go you know what we've been there
then that was absolutely incredible
super nice of you do thank you very much
like again I'm gonna try and get your
address in there get in touch with you
boy yeah this was awesome and we will be
back we've got I think we go back
tonight and plan next couple of weeks of
adventuring because it's about time I
finally book something
yeah yeah stick to stick to a schedule
and then a scissors we stick to that
schedule okay it rock and roll and then
we got some time come back here now I've
got a feeling that the cats are locked
in a room though because I get when dev
cleans the rooms wife you know know
heard you've been a good girl and I've
heard you've been a busted again in
October with you what did it's bill ah
you're not allowed to spell things no
the loudest bird drinks naughty kitty
I've just learned how to remove movies
from recommended on Amazon Prime and
give me one reason why nothing
yeah but yeah but then you can get your
own others on Bogut luggage fine fine
fine we'll watch we'll watch actually
tell why you bye
the vote is about looking at you like
what are you doing
rah great eyes it closed
I'm ready I'm ready take two you've been
looking after me yeah
mini round up to me yeah looking really
rounded looking after me a doctor almost
Cassell tombery
yes and it says words in my not so
humble opinion almost inexhaustible
exhaust source of magic yeah I love
right into the bowl no you do these
Terry Buzzcocks just don't be Dobby is
free master as given Dobby
well plays video Katy can smell food hey
there adults are eating we're watching
atomic blonde and we've got chicken
sandwich and a goddamn mix Kabam so
we're having a winner right here we had
an incident we ordered the kebab Kimmy
no sauce we're at the back but I
actually tip the guy private because of
why prank calls in the pasta supply came
the other day you know what sorry my
senior prank either way you just read
roped off the sauce and the legend
because I tipped him brought me a can of
coke Lydia diet it was like doing for
the lady how to play it everything
everything I'll spread it I just woke
her up so I could do my outro thanks for
watching today's video make sure you
leave a like rating subscribe and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
sorry for the delay of yesterday's vlog
by the way I need to add the i62
information as the bit was like a big
timed announcement that completely
forgot so I was like contractually
obliged set like kinda have to put -
this log so that's why the video I had
to be late otherwise it would just come
out on time no I'm like it was it was
ready the entire time so thanks for
watching hope you had an amazing time
watching the vlog makes you fall into a
I personally cook my app will be down in
the description click it follow me now
and we need to say once again and
massive thanks to Ben then the
absolutely homie thank you for today
again I've got to try and track down
your information where you live so sure
I'll get in touch with you somehow and
return a nice favor of gesture from
myself and Lydia so much love we love
you anything you wanna say to him and in
case any this stuff there happen to see
this place was amazing your staff and
services were amazing 10 out of 10 we
will return
one thing you get docked minus 0.001
point the mustard bloody thoughts but
I've given him and giving him an extra
one full point back so ten point nine
nine recurring because we was like the
body spicy that but they came out with
some just playing had some widgets for
up for us going sir thank you very fresh
forever I look I'm going crazy it's late
all right love you all things what
should see y'all tomorrow sixpence I
said like so be
