Oh God
bad choice so why do I kind of suit your
hair haha day one of insomnia ready to
start the day am I tired no I'm a
feeling fresh yes I'm gonna go
downstairs and get pretty fatty
breakfast right now so I'm excited for
that
and he had to start the day of chaos so
hopefully everything just goes smoothly
we've got high hopes for it and there's
nice weather out I don't feel time by
definitely looking so in all the photos
this morning waking to apply with people
like that just doesn't sound right
school how you doing Scott are you ready
for today toasty oh that's called ptosis
don't like cold toast
you know you're a five-star hotel when
the marjorine comes in a little thing in
the house it's coming apart ma'am
and the ketchup comes in a lot tiny pot
so tasty oh yes I'm so British pouring
tea D Gromit tea just pouring tea this
hotel gets better and better look at
this buffet oh my days and then a full
English breakfast
hahahahaha doing it it's earth we have
eloquent to invoke you fine brings with
a side dish of bacon so large mushroom
and analysis forehead really cannot get
over how nice this hotel in locations
there's the NEC this is the hotel lobby
like for breakfast and dinner everything
it it's genuinely so nice Duchess
nipples are pointing giving it so this
is called the this is a peace nothing we
won
oh so India's been fighting like where I
am out on every single side and I'm on
these fights going to the entire
building what in the other ones aired
purple area I've got green I'm like a
multi changing light and razor product I
like it a lot
security checkpoint a holy shit that is
a fair few seats for the opening
ceremony my god this is where the pop
quiz is gonna be as well so this is
gonna be pretty interesting they did
give me permission to sneak onstage so
I'm gonna sneak onstage and take a
selfie by not literally thousands and
thousands of seats right now this is
gonna be nuts
I'd love to do like an event myself
where it's like these were entirely
filled of just my audience to just bring
up so much so I can just throw at your
faces well I'm assuming they open the
doors because there's just a mad crowd
of people who just started walking I
feel like this is how it goes down in a
zombie apocalypse just I'm like should I
run should I know should I run should I
know
that would be fine so many people Hey
this guy's shit yeah like it oh my god
so many people randomly just walk along
about laughs wearing a limited-edition
shirt right now just wanna say all the
way from the Netherlands all right yes
holy shit and booklet no puppets people
left right and center so I'm gonna go
before this shit gets chaotic oh shit
look at them fine sideburns oh my god
you just delicious now as it is oh and
you're the first person to walk up to
the original bag yeah you're proud of
that my friend
oh my god you got posters well don't
sign it yes please all right gotta get
out of the shit just happen all these
people just get away this was absolutely
empty about two aren't bright red look
at what she's so proud holy shit okay
that escalates so good so hello everyone
Oh totally sneaking somewhere I'm not
supposed to be sneaking right now well
it's about a few people
this looks pretty damn sweet I like it
these guys are totally not supposed to
be back here but I managed to sneak you
guys behind the scene because this guy
is wearing what a hell of an awesome
shirt give me a Facebook thank you very
much support the clothing line and now
we have to kick you out because curity
shout with me alright so get out fuck
out me Nick remember the hard work of
the job right like Oh miming range on
that camera because my fall around we
might find you that be most of my
forehead as well like my shiny fog we
might define the best spot in the entire
event yeah look meeting you guys but
honestly if I can get out in the Sun I
am definitely gonna do it just up
squeeze the hula girls in the Oh
don't tell them don't tell them I'm not
supposed to be drinking are looking at
winning loss because my mother here go
what the fuck this is what it's about
even though we're out in the Sun come on
fun hey I'm gonna bring everywhere
riding back with us oh my god remember
this day because it's only time this
year yes your race is a supposed to rain
this entire weekend son look at this guy
yeah the madness it's good it's gonna be
a good week in it we just did stop
myself West but that's like it's a
gaming but it's not a gaming event booth
was been good yeah but this this is a
gaming event this is about to be my be
smart shape behind the scenes oh my gosh
hello everyone all right hit wave load
it will your love for me
mother phony not a flea week Nick hit
someone in the face it's a winter face
all right it's good I have good eye okay
I wanna know where over there where's my
face what the floor oh my god that was
insane
like 3000 foot round dude yeah but that
was amazing so many people really good
crowd really good energy I think it
feels good to actually not be hungover
definitely it was a flea honestly to all
you guys thank you for all the love me
in there caps that killed it I got some
shoes dude you've got why don't you get
it I love going with him man what a
great what a great fucking weekend
jacket Billy just managed to find
walking I was sitting at regional bags
but I'm using you guys about my
incognito sneaking to my boo thing I'll
take you to yeah you're my security sir
so yeah just just got off stage I'm just
going to the boob now doing some
signings and stuff and then continue on
but okay thanks for the bottom line you
guys are awesome must keep rocking wrong
and this guy the background with a shirt
on as well yeah back at the booth
totally not supposed to be here are you
surviving yep hey just want to say hello
to her so yeah chaos get you alright
surviving yeah gotta move now just show
you how to say hello to everyone I'm
planning some tunes how dare this is one
of a bitch Declan stop why did you let
him graffiti on your bed I mean on your
sword I'm gonna scratch this out
your wine upside down I signed it you're
fucking useless Hey look I'm Ashley sir
you ready to get absolutely fuck to the
pop quiz
the wording there was not exactly great
I meant drunk alcohol wise are you ready
for it
oh hell yeah I'm drinking the time I
mean I drink right now
pussy bitch wanna lie down Anna yeah
well we have been seeing so much of each
other I know it's really ridiculous kind
of weird I was actually a good luck
while I was crazy like because I was
putting my hands in my pants down and
just like adjusting my belt buckle did
feel like I was rubbing my crotch
against you you'd be okay with that
alright I'm vlogging you vlogging I'd be
quick though for your blog I have no
idea what we're doing which is look no
no dude no no oh look at our faces
you look so blue this is oh dude look a
bit let's go over the colors where'd
that guy go hey that guy
legend I have met people from all over
the world but this is Emery all the way
from Malaysia
so you basically forced your parents to
take you on a holiday which you can then
be anywhere else for the purpose of the
holiday was to meet me you're crazy
well Jack you're the first button on the
bus you're the last person you're the
first event the last question the first
Cuban session I think so take you in
which tune up one handshake that's John
boutt√© nicely' and you've got poster
and it's got panda a specific this day
gets berenberg a day two one go
you were terrible you often should
regret everything you do all right now
I'm gonna get us away from stabbing so
it's Ross
echo soldier wearing a syndicate
original jumper our t-shirt what it's
too late man I'm zoomed into your face
look at that dude
rub your nipples yeah I managed to find
the time schedule of things that's going
on he's the slots okay cool cool cool
cool cool because soulless bastard I
need to get back at it I look so damn
what actually looks super tired which I
don't like I kind of like looking nice
and fresh at these events but I'm gonna
head over back to the booth now carry on
with the Cylons applause they've got my
got all that I need in a way son glad to
know stay here I don't need alcohol
I just need water and energy and let's
get this show on the road
cause these gentlemen are just fabulous
are we introduced yet rape right that is
a sick name your name Josh keeps losing
you through these three maybe like the
best gift ever and tbox teabag box look
at that but you guys make this at home
or at school on the way like babies on
the way up there
Cindy take this box thank you very much
guys for sure and I hooked up with free
t-shirts I feel like it Josh you're an
idiot you know why I'm telling that even
though you're like a viewer he wants me
to sign his Mac why okay
I just watched mast mounted are you
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear ollie
happy birthday to you these people in
this world that I can just love and
respect so much and will be one of them
because he brought me a liter we could
say give me a Facebook girl oh please
pull up on this in the bag oh you
dubbing in my blog I'm dare you
terrorists so this is rather impressive
column thank you very much good sir
because you like because you did that
give you free tissue is that cool all
right look first of all are you ginger
it's one point of ginger in the world
I'm doing
why is Miniland ruined my shirt and
bastard wait I'm terrorized it we're
gonna kill me
this is why you want to be one of my
twitch mods with you guys come in I hope
you don't go up every time I make they
come here
I give him swag Nick the dick walks fast
as usual voice similar to Nicholas hey
dude if you see that guy make sure you
call him that it's brain freeze like sub
steam and yeah you guys are awesome so
thank you you're gonna face well on his
phones listeners girls
that is fucking bad reveal a completely
your face yeah look at this gun look at
the sky it's your birthday it's so much
hating I'm fucking love me bro Tomica go
fuck their fucking dog I'm so it is it i
doing man holding out holding out what
he said fuck you're all this is me ah
yeah follow me at 5:58 trying to get the
vlog up there's a blog ready to go live
and the internet sucks potato but
nonetheless asus they'll thank you very
much let me use it nonetheless what now
it just said unknown network detective
god fuck dot 559 this is the guy we have
to thank Isis bro even Facebook we share
that a lot dude we connected to a
different network and it works with
stories of events I just managed to
obtain this from Richard who randomly
told me just got his visa because you're
moving to Canada yeah you have no putz
you're just gonna do it Normandy
adventure I'm just going to go for it
and the reasons why is because life's
too short make the most of your life
yeah
absolute pleasure are talking about
Richard this is going to my house for
life now so thank you very much day one
is pretty much over at 6 o'clock it is
actually 25 plus 6 so that is done
successful they met so many people in
the state till the end we're secure it
like if you don't fucking move
I'm gonna punch you in your dick so
luckily as many people as I could
getting kicked out and I'm going to do
some interviews and then we're going
celebrating Kyle's birthday so it's
drinks time and now we're just heading
this way to go be there to do the
interview so thanks Bill appreciate Bill
you know even Phil get out here you're
not Phil fuck you random dude we look
Phil but in your own computer yeah this
is pretty sweet
this is pretty cool bunch of nerds
streaming video games I'm joking I
stream for a living colleges what rank
here Ashley okay I can't take you oh
yeah that's thank you swing I do nothing
but vlog on my iPhone I didn't lad so I
was a good like the one time I know I'm
not I have no hand you don't hear I was
disappointed next time yeah I'm gonna be
ginger red
did you read that's a deal hmm everyone
everyone is it everyone's committing me
to do in it surfing away all right Dan's
tattoo has been upgraded so the first
thing you got was there's a first beers
holding the YouTube play button and then
oh my god done this is sick got tiny bit
left to go over yeah what you can fill
in here just call this is like larva you
know Neverland yeah platform over here
that's magnet magma cube and then yeah
we've got nether star here
Oh series so every time you do an update
you got to get new stuff on your own
exactly Facebook yeah don't interviews
the finish left the arena time to go and
get a drink I'm not getting to foot
tonight I actually really really enjoy
being sober today so I'm gonna try and
stay as sober as possible for tomorrow
as well oh this is definitely the
it's a freaking wash I mean I need some
history Cantonese fried chicken is this
is the squash we've got Alice with a
bottle of Prosecco next day we got in
there we go down we got Nick we got
Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin and cow and then
of course you have me dance moves last
but not least also has a carbon pod gave
cactus him and I got myself some duck
from noodle whatever else but themselves
it's all good man bad so I'm being fruit
freak Tom my stuff got five hours and I
was super stoked this restaurant I got
five or ten now I've got dog I can't put
my finger on it cuz the dog on its own
guess like a six with some fat I took
back with it like a 6.5 there's also us
with it would have seen is there no
Israeli sauce India so go now 6.5 okay
so rubato bar and grill you get a six
point five out of ten that is it six
point five is good but not good enough
six five by dega it honestly looks like
a zombie apocalypse just happened it's
like eleven o'clock at night and all
these people just came out of like a
little mix concert and the fucking
streets at full Modi it looks crazy
either way we're just having some drinks
at this industry thing and shall another
night can I just say
bet it is a pleasure to help you out
high-five or shake I'm shaking it's
Karl's birthday oh yeah wait what are
you doing to us
this is getting real sexual really oh
well the cream is going cries came out
feeling
he looks so into Jane yeah but he's a
good guy for joining goes that's what
friends do hey let's do it
this is the night before okay oh okay
your mom gave me a doable we can sit in
water and you can have it this is why
all my eyes and all my mods need to be
18 plus because then you can be like
back the like bets you want to drinking
with us PI your water swear to God box
well this is like an absolute great idea
Wow Wow it literally took five minutes
I may have committed audio suicide I
requested a song because India requested
oh my god the number one ginger in the
entire universe - how's your small self
doing
I'm new fucking sick - I wish I'd asked
where my natural reaction in being a
person really we jumped each other in
like a sexual way generally all the
whales who made sperm was thrown to go
either way in all day today fucking all
you did all day to me everybody's been
busy as fuck
generally as so much of a whole
experience lies with lies
then the queue was so much look like I
fell those always a kiss on the lips
I'll give you a kiss your lunch is ready
great
oh that's how you know you're real
friends just doing csgo jewelry real
life and this poor fool decides to bet
me Church pounds 100 pounds and lost
everything to burn up in my - on two
hundred now I mean what if we get the
kogo me for money give me 300 so cash
machines just there so walk of shame go
fuck let's get going
burn ginger pubes one you going Waseem
go yeah this is where he comes back and
says I am gone - from a bank account
even look at him kill a few more well
awesome John rishe motherfucking wait
wait hey Lou hey wait Luis I should see
you as always
it just gave us a look come everyone
drove a car that will do it I'm a mostly
400 pounds I said oh you know me no it
was 400 so what I said you can owe me
300 it then went to cash machine and has
me see one jerks I can't withdraw more
cuz what a clapping whoo shrimp is it it
was so busy you can't afford to pay your
debt it's my swamp oh he's just a person
okay a bit
this should escalate way too fast my
book like it well good night a good
night put yourselves tonight has been
genuinely awesome with so many homies I
am like I'm in a good spot I look really
tired that's why I'm going to bed right
now but like hung out with so many good
people drank with so many good people I
could stayed out drinking but I decided
just like drink water and ice for the
rest of night because I want to be fresh
for tomorrow meeting fans like going to
South by Southwest me realize like
waking up every day with a hangover and
then going meet fans wasn't wasn't fair
on myself and feeling like shit but it
wasn't fair on the people that was me
because you could tell him my body
language and all that sauce stuff I
wasn't in good shape so like insomnia
this entire event is just for meeting
fans so I'm sitting good spot meet bunch
you guys tomorrow
it's be fucking awesome but like I said
I've made this play from day one someday
I am going to be dead because tomorrow
night is the pop quiz and I'm gonna
drink and drink and drink and drink and
die so if I see you Sunday I'm sorry but
for me tomorrow Saturday it's gonna be
an absolute pleasure either way I'm
going to bed someone should look like
great and subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow this hotel smells like potatoes
