just like that we are leaving the house
everything is absolutely empty the team
run round it and clean the hell at this
place ball we're going now
it's been fun right Angela it has been
definitely oh by the way this isn't a
cow apparently it's a bot but mmm
calmate I'm I like looking at some white
BDSM hairs nice looks nice and tight
this is exactly what I need in the
morning
chicken time all my ward is just heaven
on a play writer good ass good man give
that an 8 or 10
Austin has been absolutely amazing crew
dropping off the stuff flying to LA
because I got a meeting with Facebook
tomorrow then I can fly down to the UK
 me story last time I came through
secure it here they like wide to my hand
and wipe to my bag and put it to the
machine to see why I detect and he came
up with cocaine and explosives the woman
looked in it and she was like having a
really friendly conversation with me she
like really nice and then that popped up
and she was like the help and then she
scanned it again just a miss scanned
refine I was like cocaine an explosive
Swami Colombian football we are
making it onto the plane with the legend
that is Hillary come to an end this is
giveth this flight home is the end of it
not for me yeah yeah we need to wipe
your smiling
yeah we do a spa day to celebrate and
you know what we're gonna make this
clear with y'all in here now we're not
dating but we are married in a spirit of
friendship there you go I don't know
who's this guy we have a point
yo gonna do a rainbow succeed real quick
wait what are you 22 walk hey I'm see
me too deep hey never made it back to
Los Angeles and now I'm going home
I'm like drinking I just want to go like
out out out out look either way good
flight home
I am let's act like how they just like
you're like walk and walk free it's
wander around up okay it seems a pretty
normal oh man the goodbye feels
everyone's leaving
everyone's leaving I'm not gonna see you
again
well I'm gonna see you again but like
not for a few weeks high fives great
trip Luke smashed it yes
I'm gonna be back out here in like four
weeks but or less than that bought the
same time the kid still always sad to
say goodbye to everyone so I cry every
time it's been a blast my friend it has
to come to an end and expect some time
both you my life is just gonna consist
of surviving now just basically
rehabbing myself into not drinking
alcohol just war just fuel couldn't
nutritional stuff
she's dying cuppa oh yeah totally mister
they were stuck in smoke already
absolutely oh boy oh boy just got back
to my apartment everything is pretty
much a mess because I did a loot crate
video and in the loot crate video I
unboxed it on like a stupid derpy way so
like the packaging is everywhere bought
I've got back to my apartment and I've
got the new Razer product now I can't
tell you what it is I can't show you
what it is I can show you the box you
have to guess what it is because it is
absolutely beast half-past 9:00 at night
watching daredevil season 2 on Netflix I
hate the fact that there's another
series now on Netflix I haven't seen a
car with bought cut myself for Pete so
would you look at that it's like white :
I just ordered it so I'm not sure what's
going about that but kicking back eating
some food and just relaxing basically
recovering from South by Southwest
it is only midnight in LA right now well
technically I think I was three hours
ahead when I was over in Texas or two
hours ahead even before no ghosts
turning on the light there Zach I've got
motion sensor detector but that side I
am so done tight right now I'm going off
my body clock being it's 2 o'clock
tomorrow so I'm gonna go to bed I know
today I just like woke up troubled that
was it and that's all that we did
because that was all about did so I know
bed past the hell out tomorrow go with
me in with Facebook and Instagram I
think and then I think we're done for
the rest of the day maybe see a few
homies before I leave and then we went
back to England where I'm gonna be there
for a couple of weeks for insomnia stuff
so if you're gonna be there I'm looking
forward to meeting your face oh it feels
good to be back in my own bed but it is
like midnight now so I'm gonna go to bed
and get up at 8 o'clock
yeah 8 o'clock at least how long I've
been up in months literally just so I
can get upstairs get in the Sun get him
up get a bunch of work done then go to
that Facebook meeting cuz my try and get
as best of a suntan as possible
when I returned back to the UK so I'm
going to top-up the sunlight and that's
pretty much it so thank you very much
for watching guys mutually the like rain
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
for my next video adios
