I also like trains team team high-five
what the fuck I was how would you look
at that amazing weather as usual it's
raining my hair is in potato mode today
is going to be a good day because would
take my grandma to the Jaguar garage to
go and hopefully if everything goes
smoothly test drive the Jaguar we're
going to be getting him sell it's gonna
be awesome it's gonna be wicked
and my dad spoke to me on the phone to
try and get him like to come around and
organize it and he sounds really excited
so all the poor car it's like don't sell
me Tom don't sell me I don't know man I
think I'm at the juggler goads there's a
Jagger that I'm after that one and we're
going look at my grenda's car that's
there as well bought just noticed they
actually have a Land Rover Defender in
today so we'll check that out in a
minute as well oh it's so nice just look
at it that is absolutely beautiful that
is pretty much exactly what I would take
I completely bought with carbon fiber
wings and stuff like that mmm there is
look at him look at it hey is this this
is the one my granddad wants I think
look at this properly well I'm not
expecting that are Magdalen for this one
my granddad's after a proper gentleman's
car 2016 ploy as well brand new this
one's for SOS emergency calling so if
you needed to ring 990 a jet board yeah
it's my jag you were ex granddad pack it
again do you like it grind up do you
like it hey so what do you think of it
then smashing innit
this the car yeah this is the car but
you want it in a manual yeah no not a
mic no or not you really don't like all
mics do you know you do me oh yeah he's
he's foul he's doing he's like it's like
this is all my doing a test driving our
mic and it's pretty back if he's like no
I want to try it in a manual he was like
I do not want it in amok he's like no so
we're gonna get him a
annual now for him to try out what this
is this is the exact car they want
oh he's wealthy oh look at that damn
they actually have a defense we came
back here last weekend to see if he had
anything and he said no nothing this
vehicles recently arrived with us and is
awaiting preparation is it new 20 miles
the garnet Oso 2014 model 15 15,000
miles probably shit they made this look
like brand new CAD damn see I like the
front of it and it looks mean and beefy
and the back just looks like a potato
that's why I want to cut the back end
off and make it like a fastback granddad
you excited to test-drive it
hmm okay yeah all right so on the manual
wob you need your foot down on the
clutch and then just press that nut
start/stop okay I'll go for everything
again with you just before we leave no
you have initial thoughts mate nice yeah
yeah any concerns not really no good we
like to hear
you'll give me drive it in a minute you
better look afterwards you better I'll
crush it
what do I do don't know then press Start
start right now before we do anything
else I'll just go through and see you
light you don't have to worry about
their automatic the wipers are in auto
mode again yep
well any in the reps give me down action
yeah no problem just follow that little
car around
lucky granddad yeah sounds nice to it
yeah beautiful Larry go on groundnut
giving some welly give it a kick
Bruce look it up the power of Grayskull
Christoph's there we go he's first
driving the car you like it yeah so
thoughts on the car speak to the camera
and time what you thought beautiful
drive yeah the pros what the benefits of
it
yeah good view yeah plenty of power yeah
comfortable golf door yeah very nice
downsides I find in the genocide would
you see the book for the algrave yeah
it's weird it a little switch yeah I
shouldn't get used to long okay out of
ten nine hmm low five that's what I like
to hear even though we're looking at the
f-type look at this this is the
brand-new Jaguar F pace look how nice
that look at the wheels wait for it wait
for it
damn the thing just look so me no mess
around a Jag you a stopwatch at
cell-free chocolate brownie things
flapjacks
still working for the car mmm-hmm I like
the call
alright we've done the business talk of
things of organizing it and my granddad
just does not want to let his other car
go for like less amount of money he
loves the car it really wants it what
he's like I will not get a jugular if
they do not give me a good price my cast
though unfortunately it's like if my
granddad doesn't get a good trade him
for his car that he just want to do it
and just stick with why he's got snow
we're talking about it we're gonna try
and think about it and come back
tomorrow with a deal so we'll see
hey gonna think you think about it don't
see it tomorrow right so that phone bag
start
appreciate your help go how's your neck
feeling
you know omiai a little bit stick
whiplash claim today no thank you
will be burned my goodness guess who's
arrived at my house it's Nick the very
nice man I thought you're gonna call me
dude why would I do that
yeah Nick is come and settle his tripod
ray siren tripod well actually that's
like yeah look we're streaming all with
the razor equipment because he works at
Razer sponsored by Razer your salary you
still does raise it oh my god me like
we've got we got doc we got no sauce
orange orange sauce Lou we got gay
carrots yes
gay carrots and one that's the that's
the pear liquor for thanks later Dave
Nick okay this this this looks are we in
this know that waste service and what
are you throwing this took away no
that's too much
Shh okay sweet and then we got we've got
potatoes in there getting cooked so
basically Nick's like a two-star
Michelin chef I throw three right you're
professional we love you Nick thanks for
coming thanks for cooking with it you're
not a dish alright we love you hey you
excited so yeah I so excited to do
you're tired
that's so it's your honor are you
excited food makes your nostril how
excited how excited yummers
I'll any liver and bacon wall up parcels
oh she knows like sucks it's German I
just say real quick Nicholas thank you
for coming cooking for us today
very much appreciate thank you for for
Christmas the presents in diverse media
presence and ours for just being my
alcoholic sister so with that said I
mean oh shit exposed you know what about
you never reviewed never reviewed next
week before pair no this is a star pair
that's really good that's really really
good the sauce for it is amazing mmm Oh
Nick just a pair of long gets in a nine
point eight but I'm to move on to the
main portion of the starter
the flavors insane
that's 9.9 as woman dies doesn't solid
the flavor is incredible
okay honest review for the entire course
I guess a nine by nine that was actually
that good as ass that I would give that
nine for nine if it was in a restaurant
he's good
so almost like my table shrank isn't it
hmm
science oh my gosh I'm gonna suck your
holy snap this food looks so good Nick
massively impressed me with this duck
leave all I'm for a review of the duck
Nick you ready to see me my first taste
my mouth is pretty much water and my
crazy boy ready sure wow dude
that flavors incredible I'm about
halfway through I've eaten some dog I've
eaten the potato that's on the bottom up
there's a baked potato on the line which
is amazing
there's I call them gay gay carrots cuz
they're just so pretty
mmm I'm so amazing and this sauce runs I
was it an orange sauce yeah plate the
flavor is ridiculous
this dish is a ten sure yeah nah dude
that's why I only gave you a nine point
nine out the other one cuz I was like
mean something's missing
but no like it was good it's good this
oh my god so good I didn't even give Wes
my own best friend at 10 this is really
good the food was that good Nick that I
completely Wow holy shit do you read
Freud in you I really like that that's
what I did that's what I do with plates
the Irate ten out of ten I always clean
the plate that's not good nice so this
is like a cold dish right this is like
ice cream frozen has anything and then
we're about to pour on a hot caramel and
maple deserves try then Oh
Weiss can you open yourself and does it
go well I was all good
will it Mel Mel I smell in the edges
whoa oh that's pretty sick good morning
from the camera nice trustus my sauce
don't think yeah if his lows left since
the girl oh my god melting like crazy
well my sister's art watch you run over
and poured Alice it's actually boiling
hot chocolate let me do it to you what
the fuck are you two doing what am i
fuck like an entertainment act like
Anton deck bull of crack out of women
it's dinner have a show
let's walk it out what am i watching
don't mind me just wandering around a
Nick hello that's actually just hands
down when the best feature to the house
that was broken for about a year and a
half of me living there but I finally
got a fireplace if I'm running and it's
so damn toasty oh wait this isn't
reality
that is amazing I was just made it to
that part of the night lashes
it's escalated even more my skinny short
attorneys the puns ah good decisions
were just made I just thought it like
dominoes out a large pizza 20 chicken
wings this time my best friend Chris is
gonna throw it on the ground
meanwhile we're all in the hot tub so
get in the hot tub and we're chillin get
the fuck out how we doing kids cuz I
can't anymore
Oh oh my god it's spamming face it's so
nice how you doin kids a good night
everyone's everyone's everyone's so hot
that they're leaning out the hot tub
it's like what is it to apocalypse no
it's like two o'clock tomorrow at five
degrees this is the squad Haven away
okay thank you very much for food aren't
you're amazing cannot wait to get the
food oh oh my god the pizza arrived who
paid for it but we've want money yes
nice ha ha would you believe me if I
said I fell asleep very shortly after
that cuz that is the truth I passed the
hell out after watching like nine
episodes of Netflix so either way thank
you very much for watching today's vlog
guys I hope you've enjoyed it I'm sorry
that the vols I'm a bit up on time
because when I'm usually like in LA I
have LTE in the net so I can just upload
it through my phone so it's really fast
but here where I live in like my local
village like the local town my signal is
terrible I don't even get 3G so I can't
even like post a tweak to say that the
video is gonna be late let alone upload
the video so when I'm back in America
I'll be able to pull all the vlogs
really really fast and I'm thinking of
switching Network to try and get it
sorted out faster maybe test core more
bells and well figure out what you
watching I hope you enjoyed it I did
just get back from the garage with so I
got my Brandon and his Jaguar but you
have to check that out in tomorrow's
vlog so thanks for being awesome I love
you guys really really appreciate all
the support and you guys click that
share button and liking it and tell you
see you guys later bye boy would you
just look at that view
