congratulations tell me on 2 million
subscribers ah look at that beautiful
view it's like a Windows desktop and
there's also a crushed dominoes thing
because Chris my best friend last night
decided through it dick yeah all that is
the bird proof remembers I keep
attacking the windows I'm gonna go down
there and show you the windows how
actually bad they are from where they've
attacked it yeah what is it
barbecue dip it's like someone got shot
but either way let me show you
not the bird poo let me show you the
windows what you do cuz you always you
always hear me saying they're attacking
the windows I don't think people
understand alright so this is a window
seal that keeps the window held in
pretty much and look they've eaten Oh
like oh I have to take all the windows
out and replace these well just take the
seals out and replace them replace them
replace them they didn't attack this one
for some reason this one's an okay dog
okay this is still safe this one's okay
this one is okay no attack this one and
then these ones I think they've murdered
these ones to death that's right yep but
look they don't even attack this bottom
bit the attack random parts of it it
just doesn't make sense either way it's
feeling good today
feeling good best thing I've ever seen
in my life someone went through the
drive-through on a god damn mobility
scooter yes that guys would like meat
the crows stalked me to KFC no beautiful
house beautiful car no garden furniture
to sit on any KFC outside yes
this step will do it's a home life a KFC
box just became possessed with the power
of Grayskull Wow
the simple things in life I keep you
happy that was good at an awkward moment
when you don't own that cat and it's in
your garden hi there you black cat who
do they think they're looking at
this morning I cannot believe the stay
of this like what it looks like someone
literally took a violent shit on my
drive but it was actually a fucking
pigeon not let me I swear it some crows
the like they know I'm gonna kill him so
they're doing their last final shite
assault and absolutely dying in my house
have not eaten food and I'm about to be
really don't want to go and get food
there I realized the other day I bought
some salt and pepper chicken pieces and
put it in the fridge because I bought 2
packs oh wait Misha should know before I
turn it on
einai without a doubt just had the
healthiest dinner it's like 8 o'clock at
night the Sun is just doing its nuclear
explosion thing in the distance and a
bowl of cereal a cake we've got a cup of
tea and I got another cake beautiful
coming yesterday's vlog here I'm just
getting it look like two hours later I'm
like wow look at this view look at this
view but wait a minute
look at this the sky is pink and purple
and on fire that's not really purple is
it's orange oh my gosh that is probably
the nicest view I have ever seen from
this house so far I love it just started
in my office and I get a wild stranger
coming visit me hello granddad you're
right look at yourself in the camera
look at ya
look at you lookin elfia complete it
answered the door knock - I didn't
answer anyway I know we were supposed to
go to jag you it today looking at your
car but I know at least I got outta bed
at like 4 o'clock in the afternoon so
it's my fault I apologize gentlemen we
didn't million subscribers just look at
it been making daily videos for the past
7 months straight I may have missed like
two days from flying here and there and
just being like not able to upload
videos I've been in the middle of
Scotland using satellite dishes to
upload it and I've also been hungover
I'm just lazy to upload my videos but we
hit 2 million subscribers I'm seven
months girls like I know I fell over
that seven months cause I want to commit
I want to do login I won't feel it's
just enjoy my life and I want to share
it with everyone and you guys are
allowing me to do that so just wanna say
thank you so I've put together a
highlight of probably
last seven months best moments
throughout my vlog so I hope you guys
enjoy if you want to leave a like rate
and then make sure you drop that button
yeah my video is oh I'm so happy with it
it's doing really well it's been up for
like maybe half an hour and it's already
like 50,000 views everyone in the
comments seems to love it not gonna lie
stupidly pissed off that I edited this
for hours and then this is out of sync a
dog I've got this new system of way of
recording like my audio and my FaceCam
differently so I have to sync up the
tracks and like an absolute sweaty
testicle I managed to not sync them up
properly I thought I did it I thought I
nailed it I should have tripled
quadrupled 10 times over checked it and
I didn't so I'm actually really really
upset now that that Clips ruined at the
end of the video I feel like it's
genuinely ruin the video but if the
video has been upset for so long now and
so many people have seen it that I'm
just like man it's fine and seen as
though it is now nearly half-past eleven
I've caught last eleven I'm going to
decide to go out and go get some fast
food so Mac Donald's on a Monday it is
he getting fast food as well I really
really do not like it I have probably
got some food that could cook in here
but like everything's gonna take like 14
minutes to like well an hour he of the
oven cooks um went from like this what's
this what is this chicken with cheese
and bacon that's fucking good well that
was a fail I probably just spent the
last 25 minutes it's now nearly midnight
running around my house looking for my
car keys but everyone could not find
them started running up the stairs to
try and just speed up the process of
running and they were in my pocket this
while of driving at night the roads are
absolutely empty
I absolutely when I first got my car I
only ever went out at night just cuz I
love driving around everywhere with no
one in my way it was fuckin heaven time
to take a quick nip on the motorway to
test my tires
yeah um nom nom I just actually had the
best macaron surprise I've ever had in a
long time I thought they're gonna be
dead soggy because I came I went late at
night but no they were amazing and I got
a chicken legend with mail which is
pretty damn sweet I keep checking up on
the video from yesterday and it's doing
really well so Kevin CD already go and
see it my name is Tom and I'm great out
showing videos if you enjoyed this video
make sure you leave a like and subscribe
and let's get to 2 million and one
subscribers we can do that later but
today I'm gonna give you a teaser for
where I'm doing in today's vlog I'm
taking my granddad to the Jaguar
carriage to go and test drive a Jaguar
so tomorrow's vlog gonna be awesome to
make sure you don't miss that
it'll probably late as always but I love
you guys faces thank you so much for the
support the link will be down below for
the 2 million special video if you all
go and love and enjoy and check out and
I really appreciate if you guys share it
like your Facebook's and stuff are so
until next time thanks watching and
Daniels
