today's been a really productive day I
went and got my iphone fix so you're
gonna see a bunch more vlog did you guys
know I kind of like to fill my vlogs
like a almost like a snapchat story and
that's the way I want to continue it so
expect some better vlogs
oh shit only got 12 cent bachelor ah
just luck gonna hit bitch fucking
purified we're in LA and she's wearing
jogging bottoms and a jumper what is she
thinking thank you so much pepper I bet
that really just stopped it is filming
and gave me already
watch out eventually pooing I'm so sorry
I lied to you now I'm joking I'm not way
I love your faces and ah well I'm
already somewhat purple
oh holy fucking hair Batman yeah just oh
fuck what the fuck are you anything
oh what the fuck oh yeah so that's a
great way to start the day alright
that's it good all right and then this I
leave my keys your fuses now grown oh my
gosh it's not right
ha woman you're important I did the
house people gonna fall look at that
we're homies
we're always is it your fingertip that
you come on fucking knew it I knew it I
fucking called it I literally called it
you fucking bastards just called me out
for one be one of Mario Kart oh yeah
what no fuck let's go lyrics I have to
transform into bed mode didn't don't get
it good
get it get it it's like a little roller
coaster right now
just gonna sit here
and enjoy the ride look at that it's
gritty as anything it was amazing
good morning Russia we've made it to the
location yeah Russia yeah yeah yeah
you're gonna have to push me holy shit
that's he's flippin good don't know
other beds so spring key it's not even a
bed it's chicken mesh let's get this
down roll ah are you doing what do you
do know what are you doing hey what are
you into my jacket
no if you don't stop eat my jacket
everything all right never leave my
jacket
one hell of an experience I will never
forget I brought you guys along for the
journey hell yeah
what are you doing you little puppy
let's get ready let's get ready let's
get ready to rumble
this one over when going left is John
Mexico and would you walk yeah he gave
me the key
and this is my car they hope though they
don't break it
good morning world
boom finally did it after all this time
all this god duck this is how you break
an iphone as well after all this time we
finally in that case it show the world
what I asked for
anything I could ask from cases office
as for 2 dollar bill signed by himself
Oh Larry answer budget for a fun day
but like ginger people don't have soules
a hair is so white yellow no going back
now there's the final turn oh I told you
guys a little bit different and again
silver for diabetes awareness yeah
private cameraman syndicate on his way
show me
Jess tickly awesome yeah it's free
alright and we've got it on camera as we
carry it around then carry goods as it's
ours then what are you doing well I will
trick lolololol or drink we're I don't
know idea is even going over check it
out come on man it's still kind of
confused I'm just pointing out your Noma
that's all you're like an action
photographer we found the start of the
adventure water sounds like some fresh
paint
Oh welcome to my home Louis yes welcome
this is not so this is not safe this we
made it bro remember this is the
adventure we finally did together this
is how it's done many the vet yeah the
first of many for sure what does this
button do
I'm not even joking
I have lost my dad absolutely okay Noah
penguins cannot unexist areas of what
slightness where you going night 57 why
because it's my birthright and what we
do we're gonna party yeah
- ha
ha
I
oh boy we're in the thick of it now that
is Sochi in the sky is on fire oh my
goodness
what are we just there this is guy he's
like 1 in 10,000 and I'm not even
biessing we just went to the top of
conquest the second day very very rare
very intuitive very brave he's a warrior
honestly thank you so much that was
amazing I came here two days ago to
learn what learn all about this and Greg
just did exactly that
oh just know it's good is this oh it's
good are you too
Wow oh that's how you lose $2,000 don't
tell me that was not good game that was
probably one the best game it's good to
show me robot you know what a black man
knows how long I say to get the brain
yeah say it is embrace what a glorious
feeling and I'm happy again
oh my god it's my favorite like only
collaboration buddy an entirety of my
YouTube job you actually don't look like
crap today because I didn't pay it Oh
Elsa look she's so cute
for Alex I'm ever get sticks David Wain
you just blew my mind
thank you so much holy shit it's so
random yeah oh yeah dude I'm well proud
of you that is so good yeah express a
fucking love you as a sister
you are actually the best distracted
every wish rival I've have I guess
you're not with that fucking dick
so that's been my life for the past
seven months it's bit at a highlight
reel that I wanted to put together just
to say like a bit of a thank you and
recap of what's been going on for the
past like time of my life the life of
Tom has been a fun adventure so far
crazy shenanigans have happened and I
cannot wait to see what the world has to
throw us for the rest of my life so
hopefully I can continue to keep
blogging and I will continue to use my
iphone potato six I was actually for two
million going to swap to an actual
proper camera like a g7 X and do
actually good vlogs nice quality into
the flat what I kind of like the
personal touch that this house and you
guys seem to enjoy it as well so I
should say one last Massey thank you for
2 million subscribers thank you for all
the love thank you for all the support
and if you want to share the journey
with your friends and invite them in the
adventure of my life to experience it
with us then by all means go ahead and
hopefully there enjoy it as well so
until tomorrow at 6 p.m. for my next one
thank you very much for watching sorry
this one was late and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
adios
