okay so before today's vlog starts and
videos kind of forced me forced me to
watch Mamma Mia girl let you guys know
stop talking to me so talk to me about
mama Mia
before I get into today's vlog guys I am
officially going to insomnia 6 - a lot
of people were saying he got he got he
got he going and I just could not commit
to dates times or anything like that but
I am going to insomnia 62 now obviously
every time I go we've always got a
discount codes hook you guys up with
like look at my screen right here it
says if you use the code I 60 to
syndicate you get 10% off all your
tickets so if that it's announced
hoorah if you guys are excited leave
like right if you're going we've come
down below let me know you're going and
especially if you've got you to get take
screenshot you button get your ticket
make sure you've got down discount code
like 50% of the people for the last
event didn't use the discount code do
you want 10% off or not what the heck my
friend but I'm gonna be there Easter
when when trend and Easter weekend March
the if to April 2nd don't forget if
you're not gonna be there you're not you
know you're not gonna be there that's
effectively all I was trying to say that
but I'm going there this could be loads
of brand new syndicate regional merge
coming up hunka bi withstand all the
family Milan and it's gonna be an
absolutely epic weekend don't forget if
you do go to the event and you have
syndicate original swag or limit edition
items make sure you wear them make sure
you're all around it because if I spot
you from a distance I'm like sneaking
off somewhere I spot you I could sneak
up on you and say hello and like just
surprise you from behind to some but the
chances are you're gonna make it into
the vlog so there you go I've announced
8i6 to Eric Gump looking forward to it
looking forward seeing your face Gate
tickets link down below and I'll see you
guys that much love oh my god watching
Mad Men and you were eating breakfast
well there is no way this is because
it's currently four o'clock an afternoon
and we're having dinner in bed as well
as there's my breakfast bowl because
we're lazy yes down a gear up and get on
going so let's disconnect disconnect the
house this late in the afternoon being 5
o'clock and it's actually daylight ish
what excuse the pitch but by now
I can't remember my seasons but the
dirty muddy paths is still here
so let's shred the gnar I'll ride the
bikes and get the show on the road up
things but outs of everyone who's like
autumn I don't usually go pro you should
use your GoPro I lent it to my brother
is in Barbados some live so I can't
apologies
maybe next time oh nice to see you up
and I'll watch me for once how nice of
you all thanks guys appreciate it five
o'clock on the dot and look boys just a
new one oh that's pretty beautiful holy
crap alright God Tom God Tom drop your
seat drop your seat she's off the
dropper oh my god you step you're busted
he's got his new bike
it's real 62 ruining a good day he's
brand-new by C clay is it only garden
broker spoke he's only got in doing it a
means you're riding hard all wrong one
of the other we just raised home then
the champion how fast his head I fucking
smashed a man yeah okay dude it was neck
and neck between me and him and then all
the sudden I felt a presence and who's
that I am your father
Tuesday
what Tuesday we do nope another Tuesday
okay I made you jump you'd even move
well I did not expect this I came to
borrow a ball I've made it boys well I
was I never knew you were a secret
billionaire he's broke he's wrote me a
check
Tom Cindy you finally made it 1 billion
dollars but thank you Steven Jordan Hill
generous mate you're such a good guy
yeah sorry about yeah you guys you guys
are never getting married
rip okay Mike but bye Alex bye Ken
goodbye tom yes Bob I know don't mind me
just dying walking down Mount
Kilimanjaro we did come here last week
when you all saw we came back to my
house and it was nice but we came back
here cuz it was ice cold freezing and
the reason why I wouldn't do this time
is goes there's no ice course reason
however it was cold as fuck back at the
pub so yeah wish we can t think about
that lucky Tom managed to get into like
Oh
I just say a bit of a kerfuffle with the
lady behind the bar just simply because
he worked in a bowl to put all the
crisps that we had into the bowl and
yeah she would have none of that so
unfortunately Tom had a bit of a spiral
night but I can say but wait it's like
truly my favorite things to say that
wait Lydia Lydia Alou okay so she's not
does she take the cats as she left me
she like is she run away I don't see you
know goddamn Gus where my cats
oh maybe these guys the kitties a chilly
didn't he yeah are you doing why are you
both oh you guys have been fighting with
the leaves the feathers Oh what the hell
are you okay buddy I'm trying to stroke
my kitty I just got this brush which had
zero hair on it before I stroked him
right look he thinks it's a toy no kitty
stupid no kitty kitty kitty kitty
see there's nice the whole point of me
buying cats instead of dogs was so hair
wouldn't come off them and what a
mistake that was you always see hair
around the house on the sofa all that
and it's because I don't brush Gadsby I
just figured it wasn't a long-haired cat
and oh my God look how much I just got
off in there bloody hell that's a bloody
Harry cat really streaming and my new
song peppers chicken delivery just come
remember like new I've never ordered
from this place before
oh hey what looks good but does it taste
good I thought that's pretty good so I
spent hours and hours and hours and
hours streaming playing pop G and I
always play solos and I was trying
it doesn't work I just never win but
instead I just decided to play a solo
player in squads of four so like the
chances of me winning were like zero to
whatever just because if I started
shooting someone they all four of them
will run after me and kill me but I just
wanted to get 10 kills under victory
look how high my chat is right now oh my
god I always don't get offended I know
you watch the vlogs my yeah no gasping
so oh I was just going to say no gods
being safe he's like I heard there's
puddles going down what's that man
what's that there
come on geezer bold come on come on come
on
good come on where is he what are you
doing sniffing my towel come on let's
get how to get Cosby's attention scratch
hello you friends of me now you fell out
with me after I brushed him like really
fell out with me but he seems okay
really you're just gonna knock my drink
over spill it everywhere and then start
licking it up kill his cap I'm gonna
kill this cat oh my gosh well it is a
new dawn there's a new day we're not
being lazy farts and just sat in bed
today yesterday was our day of like
absolute rest chilling and doing nothing
this one said let me pull over before
this ladder over dressed drastically
smashes into the back of me
healthy breakfast more importantly we
are now the house because yesterday we
did absolutely balls all know them so
going off we're gonna bend him that's my
cue
oh my god a big amount of letters inside
that Lauren thank you both you guys are
gonna see where we're going an adventure
tomorrow so make sure you guys have
follow me on Twitter make sure you click
the subscribe button make sure you click
that notification built right next
subscribe button cut partner and YouTube
it's not as simple as click one thing
you've now got a click like 15 things so
I know it sucks I'm sorry
but I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. to
the next daily vlog much love adios
and I will see you guys tomorrow on the
adventure goodbye
