the truth
well my 20 pairs of socks that I bought
yes 20 fit me great success
pineapple mode anyway if you're
wondering why did you buy 20 pairs of
the same socks when surely you have
socks anyway Tom now let me show you
something this is like story time with
Tom you know when you wake up in the
morning you're like wow what a beautiful
day I'll enjoy the day I want to be
super late what the fuck was my sister
hey that's what the fuck is going on
wait a minute why is my dad there look
what the hell is going on at my house
right now but you know when you wake up
you're like you know what you know what
I'm gonna get some socks the og sock
draw and all the socks are odd
dude start like this one where's the
pairing sucked for that one okay there
it is okay that one was easy because
that call for one book when you have a
million pairs of white black Calvin
Klein socks and then black Pringles
socks and all this it gets frustrating
as fuck so anyway I'm gonna burn them on
a fire you know you know have a nice
little bonfire with that but if you get
all the pairs of the same socks you can
never mix them up or get a wrong pair
best idea
I've got I've got the best scream scare
ever just seems like a really weird
combination a damn chocolate cake nice
but then also washing car screen wash is
like there's a way to kill me softly
like hey Tom here some cake poisoned
with screen wash and also some 170s what
no name back to the future my a nice and
Tinkerbell I love this this is the best
one yet and why you listen to the fellas
can't explain this ladies and gentlemen
is my neighbor Alice sad you said get
wrapped up unit specifically same walk
so worried about those liability so it
good no I'm gonna get you I just can't
justify the safety of being behind a car
or a van that that has pipes like that
sticking out are seeing way too many
horror films
oh my goodness bay the bay is looking so
dumb clean just look at her so goddamn
windy here but got it clean got it
upgraded got everything side out the
inside now should look delicious yeah
they got the stain off my see everything
looks backed and cleaned and wait a
minute is that done I see you down there
you sort of a bitch but everything looks
clean and tidy all my money still here
my change is still in here what's in
here I don't know air freshener yeah
it's gonna be an interesting event of
two days of next three days because me
my sister tonight I'm gonna go shopping
to get a suit and a dress for Ali's well
they're gonna pack your bags get a train
tomorrow to go down to London exam are
presenting an award for the BAFTA games
Awards
yeah BAFTA gaming Awards so really
prestigious thing bunch of celebrities
going I don't know if Ally or any of the
UK youtubers that I know what going Brit
nice to see all them but me my sister
gonna go down I'm gonna percent of war
we're gonna drink with a party let's
stop over for the night and then come
back in the morning so yeah the fucking
wound this is why everyone in England is
depressed right Alice right Alice yeah
you know you know the truth you know
your your aunt a jacuz la no you weren't
my real sister you know
yeah fuck you sir what the hell is
happening it's literally raining
sideways the duck even came out the pond
ah goodbye now goodbye now see you
tomorrow now get back yourself an hour
later and the weather is absolutely
beautiful
what the heck that does even make sense
my plants all fell over what rip I have
always shown the birds flying off but I
finally caught them they're there what
are they doing what are they doing I
don't get it
what the fuck okay do they know I'm here
me what me what the fuck get in the car
it's been it's been vomited for you
women I'm just a volunteer fucking Joe
erase it traffic you fucking moving
fucking slag genuinely so confused as to
what's going on with these mannequins
hands fool me I can't even do that
it's like physically impossible oh my
god I just remembered Alice used to work
at this place called max where we're
getting a suit from right now so she can
literally go and do everything for me
premises we should find my shoes find my
shirt see if I'm a jacket easy mode look
at that no haircut whatsoever no shave
no nothing I'm just gonna roll up to
bathroom you like I'm there's so many
these bits back that's we're taking this
we got the stride length
just gives you tailored in here what's
your name oh no Paul Walker feels oh
babe
that's so good
whoa
it's so good
what
yes
like an emotional goodbye
that's gorgeous
you look beautiful that's thick and look
at you like it yeah yeah yeah it's a
beauty
what was the choice from oh you fell in
love straight away car exposed naked in
the wild hmm okay them that's rock and
roll where are these guys massive shower
to this guy thank you so much
homies hooking up the entire day Seban
guess what I'm with your brother right
now I'm throwing him in the vlog because
he watches videos and for that for the
record
I'm sure I know I keep doing it he looks
about 30 years old he's 19 puberty hit
you like a brick wall
something's cracking meanwhile I'm just
a while so they don't fit we're on a
mission to make sure we get in
Selfridges before they close the doors
you should be okay you know
okay I'm gonna stand inside it just in
case yeah I mean you can't get me hello
ladies hello hello yeah that's what I
was thinking yeah what did you get you
got no shoes oh my god okay let's do
yeah but we have enough time in London
tomorrow device info anyway yeah all
right let's head to the car somewhere
okay so for this back in chop okay on
that side okay and that's that about
removing the wrong fucking spot well far
back Jesus tits all the sudden I
appeared on a wild cruise ship look at
this is let me
the malls ever our shopping centers
waiting to call me but look looks like
the Titanic it's got a sky ceiling and
then it just yeah I like it alright as a
kid I was genuinely convinced that it
was a real ship and that this would once
sail away yells I had dreams okay ahead
rooms at least you're getting alcohol
change of plan they closed the bath
we're gonna see if the Chinese
restaurant still open which I do not
have high hopes for know when we're fine
favorite Chinese restaurants closed down
fuck okay positive thoughts but Tiggy
eight Freddy's um potato skins what do
you get those wings chicken steak a pink
and shrimp okay I wish but thank you for
being that person shopping today like
outfit person stylist that's the one I
was looking for and that food was so
sick at Frank Frank events TGI Fridays
that wouldn't pay for it because it was
actually terrible we gave that one out
ten zero said damn by a neighbor Alice
hey look what else our neighbor Alice's
house but we're not neighbors weird it's
like almost like we're brother and
sister is dead I don't know why I bought
that TGI Fridays did not sit well with
my stomach at all if I do not get home
soon
I'm gonna shit myself about cyber house
to run in and take a massive dump and I
realized I haven't put my key back on my
car key have i oh yeah so I've just
raced down like a thousand miles
probably dad I need a poo I need your
house key for my house so race all the
way from my house to my dad's house to
get the key on a racing home to take a
shit
