I just woke up from like the craziest
nap my I've ever had in probably the
last ten years of my life absolutely
trip his balls out like my childhood
house that I grew up in childhood
friends school friends everything like
that and it was just a crazy fucking
nightmare but nonetheless it's 7:30 in
the morning and I'm awake
as soon as I can't get back to sleep
it's now 8:30 not 7:30 since I last woke
up I am going to pull out my controller
my laptop and play the division for
about two hours until I get a phone call
saying we need to go off and adventure
Texas well good morning Austin Texas
look at that in this absolutely
beautiful skies out today there is a
crazy-looking building and it's time to
see what's in the fridge now I'm not
eating any of it because this is like
the person who lives here but I left my
food out last night so I'm not eating
that
but let's take a look in the fridge to
see what we've got whoa we got some
carrots some cheese some onions some
beer some wine and peanut butter in an
egg
I feel like I could make a how-to basic
video but I'm gonna take one thing out
of this bridge that I can replace
filtered water and yeah it's like 11:30
right now no it's 9:30 right now I'm
gonna go back to bed tell your load like
five hours sleep I'm absolutely
connected and I'm also connected so yeah
don't look down the skies will clear
this morning but a cloud is coming in
and it looks like it's gonna rain but
hopefully it's gonna rain some skins on
me because I got $1,000 bet going on by
the way I'm like stalling right now
timewise this is two hours behind by the
way X I'm waiting for Hillary so we can
go up some breakfast slash lunch
aka burrow the clouds rain down upon me
success oh my gosh I won the bet but
look what I won I won
and $1,000 stattrak and for a quiz and
m4a4 yeah and M for basically stats
right how holy shit I've always wanted
one of them to get in cs:go but never
got one
until today apartment so far has been
amazing that bed is just absolutely
fucking ridiculously comfy but like I
came out to look outside
I was like let's just let's take a look
at the fresh air Dubois but I was like
you know what there's so many windows I
wonder if anyone over here or in any
windows are staring back at me but
they're like when I walk back inside
I know it's there's a pair of binoculars
here in this apartment so I got a
feeling like whoever's here is spying on
people out here oh my gosh I managed to
get it to work where is it actually
managed to film it I actually managed to
do it holy shit the dumb plane dragging
around a grumpy cat I don't know what it
says behind I think he says like catcon
or something like that but there's a
plane flying around like GTA style a big
picture of a grumpy cat I could not suit
my own eyes but at least I managed to
capture on camera for you guys so that
makes me happy but now it's time to go
some food and take on Texas day one of
being in Texas and these guys are
filming a music video it is rapping I
was about to us why are these wrapped in
this like this sticker but I think it's
so they can stick posters to it and then
when it at the end of the day they could
just rip them all off can't leave and
let it ruin in the post I'm smart
Hillary I know exactly where I wanna go
the pet parade costume contest just
seems like such a fad upset
disguised address this place is
definitely run by a Scottish guy can I
get a fuckin bacon sandwich
whoa yep I'm almost 99% sure they said
something but I didn't hear any words I
just saw a drink appear on the side and
now it's mine sir fun fact of the day
the woman who served me behind the
counter in fact had a mustache
did she did she and it was better than
mine
it's not bad I just need to do a quick
shout out to James O'Brien yes Jim it
says right here on the phone on the
cards it said James O'Brien 1 2 3 4 5
all the numbers include I just wanna say
a massive thank you for but can we
raised all the money for motor neuron
disease when I went to the New York trip
because you donated so thank you very
much for doing that
you're a legend and hopefully I can meet
you in person one day to say thank you
to you see that's why I wanted you brown
boy it's just so goddamn sexual Georgie
but it was I do but they have sometimes
rather nothing the girl rounds really
that just seems sexist all right this is
bringing back memories it's bringing
back memories of where we are last time
I remember being here as we came here
with the three BD guys and we all went
where we going now is the same place we
went to last time but I got extremely
drunk there and under leaving with a
ginger English teacher I just vanished I
went back to her apartment for the night
so yeah money got toasty right it well
I'm so glad I got my sunglasses but yeah
we're going down there somewhere so yeah
we're literally walking down memory lane
right now hahaha this is where we need
to be bangers saloon all right now we
need to find one how to get in and to
where the alcohol actually technically
really drinks I gotta do a panel at
half-past five oh my gosh best thing
about Texas so far about Pierre little
French Bulldog
he's still cute I definitely liked
you must love how much attention does he
yes Austin Humane Society oh my gosh
we're here at South by Southwest and
this is something I've been waiting I'm
gonna straitjacket wait for it wait for
it
oh no I've actually got a promotion for
that thing you guys check out right now
if you guys wondering why I'm outside
the Mystery Machine and inside a
straitjacket make sure you take out the
teaser trailer and download go Knight it
to see the full thing I'm holding my
thumbs just can't see it we did it gang
now let's do the fish man a Fishman
Manor really is and I would have gotten
away with the tool so me and Hillary
drinks it today how we do it mr. six
good Nellis aerial makes you go
hey I'm here with Andre what about to do
we're about to go on a panel and talk
about YouTube and I like sponsorships
and deals of technical jargon yeah I've
noticed alike however yeah so I'm
curious how that's gonna work out yeah
no but you me let's just have a
conversation I don't think yeah we beat
p.m. is that a drink is that if I can I
get can I get a pint of CPM over there
some dude like yeah so I made it to stop
by Southwest underneath you came and
said hello whilst I'm here dude I'll
talk have you brought me a pretty cool
well I won eight it was awesome and he
said he always wanted to win some razor
yeah
so we're gonna hook you up with my Paul
Romer keyboard about alright looking
after you people who legend I just like
that we did it we're done we cannot
bring yet like that teamwork all right
uncle where are you alright the puddle
is done team good work good work you're
playing I don't throwing you in
no drink drink failure
that's good oh ma the home he came home
tonight he's watching a good four years
yeah and he's washed recently
oh ma wait hold that between my legs hey
Oh
I'm not gonna pull this out my life
you're breaking
oh you're fine four people one bench
I'm gonna be honest yes I feel like he's
about to collapse
oh yeah we're gonna make it
they still gonna make it where do I look
oh there it is
is this one oh Emily a two drinks help
Bay this has no context and all they
hear you say is do you get more action
on doesn't have the situation whose
punch your bonds people from desk please
the assistants right now
bond tried a little immediately there it
is expecting yeah it does swine
do you want to go to snow man this guy
just came over and confiscated the radio
offers literally within within ten
seconds it was doing great radio talk
he came strolling how could you do this
to us we found ourselves outside to get
some fast food good food good food good
times yeah but we got got colorful curly
we got curly for heavenly thank you
we got curry for Hilary okay curly I'm
saying curly curves with myself so no
we're not drunk yet it's only started
okay I'm sorry I'm 8 p.m. sorry it's not
even 8:00 p.m. yet so we're just getting
some food now before we continue on for
the night and adventure but we surviving
Oh Dee and Daniel as one so right wait
is that hot you like the damn Daniel
damn Daniel back in the game on the way
ends oh you sure this is good food how's
that it's delicious but hottest shit
lining yep
this is we a good food we had lots of
water now we're heading back to the bar
are you ready yep wrap around to water
all right it's only a said it's eight
ten and Hillary is dying on me get your
shit together woman you've got this I'm
usually the one way no no you're usually
the one looking after me I'm like
Hillary save me this time it's the other
way around
I've got you Hillary hey I start yeah
she's good I don't think it could pick a
better spot to be in Texas right now
apart from the world's most angry
security guard supply me and be certain
rocking chair
you know just kick him back like Texans
do it's a hard life my son bus is on the
table and they're gone
did you see my sunglasses
I had to give a woman a massage to get
free drink and it was totally worth it I
got my free drink damn Daniel
yo can I get a hot dog
delicious it's just pure delicious made
just delicious
okay then so random waiting
wait so they had way too much to drink
like
oh yeah dude we got so turned up in
header like
either way
like kind of the most emotional thing
I've ever seen all night just touch it I
saw that is just just touch it this
I have the emotional feel as well please
the fire marshal turnip was like y'all
need to get the fuck out way too many
people in Japan's area so it's a weave
and go downstairs because apparently not
two exits
five areas
and we do this every time so then of the
night has been good unless the fact of
someone stole my fucking surpluses away
dear Oakley dear Oakley if you can find
it in your hearts to send me a pair of
white frame purple polarized sunglasses
please do and if you were a full of mine
on Twitter please tweet Oakland being
like Tom cries every time until he
returns his own sunglasses so if you can
do that I love you guys
look at yourself go home safe
well your boy video the whole 22 stairs
on his own I feel like a responsible
adult boy i medio up back to the
apartment and i tell you out like if I
only got some more sleep this morning
I'd be down to God everyone's like Tom
from our drinking come up party and I'm
just like guys I'd love to I'm stupidly
fuckin tired so if I can get in this
apartment
I'm going to bed
