or to new dawn it's a new day I open my
curtains and the bloody birds were down
there again look how much shit they've
done down there Army's gonna have to
come where I'm gonna have to assassinate
them Birds and I know you guys not gonna
like it
but if I've got plastic explosives and a
noose or a guillotine then they're going
to die stop one day and Daniel I finally
got yesterday's blonde what time is it
Jesus - how are you guys doing good all
these orders flying out you guys doing a
great job keep up the hard work
I'll still shut up - Ross what's his
last name
Mike narrow swag now makes you look in
your your order because I put something
in it for you but now that's John I have
got my list of stuff to do looking
forward to it should be pretty sweet
but like half the days but now so I
better hurry the fuck up Oh even though
that says I need an oil change look how
cool the interface looks like it's so
beautiful 3d cattle up next to it don't
not be a razor blades I'm gonna steal it
either way you ready to roll down the
hill
John the phone roll down the hill of
death it's like a rollercoaster this
thing getting down in every day but it's
hailing right now and I actually filmed
because I figured the birds might be
here but they're not so good you need to
do a better job in what you do this job
right because you're doing terrible
right now all these boxes everywhere hey
you do great job you didn't you're
killing it
you're running this company you you're
running this company into the ground huh
you quit oh man I'm gonna have to be
honest
who the hell owns these shoes oh my god
this is a tight squeeze look around back
again my local curries in PCWorld cars
parked in the usual spot I'm going get
my cable so I can record playing video
games on my mobile phone if you guys
didn't know
massively into a game called Dungeon
Hunter and soon they're talking about
putting a character of mine in the game
so if that actually happens I'm
so fucking stoked reserved online and
acquired sweet nurse now I need to go
and buy like 80 pairs of socks hmm how
to leave disappointed when I want plants
vs. zombies garden warfare 2 not in
stock at my local game store well at
least hopefully I'll have 50 pairs of
socks otherwise I will be very
disappointed
ok I weren't lying 20 of black socks one
size acquired hoping that they actually
fit oh my god so much syndicate swag
being sent out never if you guys want to
get in the original shirt like this the
new origins jumper also known as wieck's
then we could be descriptions in the
garage and car
come it do it did you enjoy it did you
work out did you work out mom yes you
work very hard
oh great can't wait look at that weather
beautiful would you just look at that
view
hmm muscle taking the caring to get
serviced tomorrow there's two recalls on
it you gotta fix the lights fix
something else then replace the oil so
sweet goodbye now goodbye now have a
great day today goodbye now goodbye now
have a great day today it might not look
appealing now but it's gone to do and
right now it saw as a rock so we're
gonna cook ourselves a roast chicken and
then share to bake it's gonna be
delicious I have to wait like 20 minutes
for the oven to heat up and then 40
minutes back to cook this is why I go
out and eat food cuz within an hour I
could just be in really nice food
instead I'm eating a frozen brick now
goes in for a solid 35 minutes that does
say 34 but let's just go with it let's
ignore all the alcohol okay because I am
not drinking for a long time now I hope
by that I mean obviously an hour
I'm actually not drink attack and yeah
for this good
boy it looks oh good
was it look white compared to the
package in the what's compare let's
compare hmmmmm okay it's not the package
that's what it should look like um
that's really looks like I feel like I
was misled as for me right now I'm
heading out to Asda aka the UK's version
of Walmart yeah that's right cuz Oh what
my owns it I'm heading out there because
I'm gonna try and see if they've got
plants vs. zombies garden warfare 2 cuz
game didn't have it so yeah I don't
really don't do the digital download
here cuz it'll take like 5 6 7 8 9 10
hours so yeah not doing that let's go
shopping there you go no fucking around
has to have it so what happened after
that is I went home when installing
plants vs. zombies but rather than
vlogging it I did a thing called
FaceTime mentions which is basically
just live-streaming on Facebook and
we're trying to do it like nearly every
night this week sort of thing just to
see how it goes like doing q nays I've
wandered around the house doing random
stuff but I basically did that for 30
minutes and showed everything that I got
up to and star on the game everything
that I would have logged I ended up
live-streaming it instead so now I don't
have the footage of that to put into
this because I filmed vertically like
this so I apologize for that
this wide today's vlog is extremely
short but I did actually somewhat wide
it for the day came home and saw plants
vs. zombies never played it it took nine
hours to update and yeah that's it so
I'm now into the day of tomorrow of
course so thank you very much for
watching I just got the shirt thrown at
me call from Simon Neil shout out your
face this this is your sanic original
show that's getting shipped to you but I
love you guys faces thank you very much
for watching there you can have it back
Alice
sorry salmon we just threw your shirt
across the room well thank you very much
for watching make sure to LIKE rate and
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
for a new video and hopefully I've got
all my stuff to record Dungeon Hunter so
you guys better be excited for the main
channel some gaming videos hell yeah
Facebook links down description if you
want us alive streams of me just
randomly talking shit at night but until
then
