good morning world day wonderfully
really cover was awesome literally slept
a good amount of time woke up halfway
through the night pretending I was being
funds again I was great sleepy must talk
to my sleep woke up to can give me a
bowl of cereal making a cup of tea and
Ricky's fast asleep down here yeah not
that riders are getting ready grams
acting like he's doing something
Ricky's also acting like he's doing
something and yeah oh yeah what being
sucked I don't know Ken's doing over
what what is that oh hell you do me
what is that sad call for the good what
all right and so that's how our day is
gonna continue same all right now he
knows how to working properly but this
has been the first event I ever went to
10 years ago and I met Ricky for the
first time gram first time I also met
John another guy who turned up for first
I had no idea was this oh it's like a
massive reunion so proper glad I came
it's 10:00 a.m. I finally got the vlog
edited now I've got eight hours to try
and locate an Internet source to get the
vlog up on time ready for you guys which
I just do not think is gonna happen so
if today's vlog was like I'm sorry how
to look up a pair of DC's 101 these look
absolutely fabulous
look at those representing syndicate
original in style look at this back out
people the inkay dammit then that's all
I'm saying
fuck your sponsors you're the best
company here get away more cars as well
India days oh yeah and more tense
everything the background this is good
this is the finish line absolute shit
show mud and water everywhere Hey
Feli would you just love us ourselves up
and just roll on it to the sake of it
just look at it hmm this field gets
better and better and this guy is a
thousand percent stuck all right so this
is where Ron queues up here throws the
bikes in there and gets an approach to
the top and rides down out here in the
middle of literally bumfuck nowhere but
I bump into people who watch my videos
I'm just go throw you in the log
representing the Scottish right yeah
but how would you pronounce this place
is just a yeah yeah well in what an e so
thank you for coming in the blog and I'm
gonna take suppose and sign some stuff
so let's do this Hey Buckley I see
oh my gosh look at that wall look at you
do look are you doing Bruin
hey sorry I don't worry I'm made to get
day oh my gosh look at you you're
amazing and this is Tom but I guess you
watch videos yeah oh there you go tell
me you're in the vlog
I love dogs there you go I'm not even
racing and I'm already covered in yet
and there's like one of the best riders
in the world absolutely smashing it in a
pool their mess oh yeah look at this BBC
someone's gonna bail on that hope right
well I hope it's safe but I'll be fun to
get on video so Evo and this is what you
look like when you come down the
mountain brilliant okay it's just a naps
it's just getting worse and worse and
worse because the weather luckily he's
not raining now but when it does
riperoni pepperoni don't say we don't do
camping in style look at this oh Ken
back at it again with a fry-up oh thanks
dad love you
hey go you ready for this Vicky you
ready oh yes I get it
so damn good thanks dad appreciate for
he's far no fancy Creek yes totally you
know it's here the rain is coming oh no
I'm gonna get upset I leave my coat and
in my clothes and I need my onesie
immediately on this rock borrowed this
off-brand birdies off my dad pretty much
just a sheath right don't seem right
thanks gram gram oh this is dripping
yeah where's my outfit for the day
there's yesterday's the Cookie Monster
it is today's the banana outfit the
banana onesie so I'm ready to rock and
roll we have a crate of beer we got
stuck at the supplies yeah running low
let's start this day
good luck a rollercoaster day briam mad
the hunt for Wi-Fi I mean signal
continues the beverages are running high
and we I don't know I'm living a lie
these swine's on three the network I've
got 3G there I've got to get all the way
up to the very top of that tree line
there to try and find some signal it'll
take me probably a half an hour to get
to the top of that hill right oh I got
like mmm I still got like five hours
before the video has to be uploaded but
I won't try and get up as soon as
possible so I doubt to worry about it
later on all right like go on that ruin
ed me that's a ballsy ass you look at it
you thought that was going wrong well I
found some camera man's camera gear here
some SD cards I'm gonna take it down
back to the bottom someone's collect I'm
literally climbing miles for you guys to
find Wi-Fi I mean through it for G took
load this video yesterday I was just up
that road a path and found some so I'm
praying that if I continue up here I
might find it please because so far I'm
pretty damn high up and I've got no beer
left so this is a depressing walk to
find no 4G otherwise it was by these
very rocks yesterday that I had 4G so
I'm going to sit here and see if I can
connect well bollocks the entire walk up
the entire mount and I had 3G which
doesn't work for an upload in but all
this way to hear sat down as soon as I
sat down it said rather than having
through G I have zero J a que no signal
shit Matt yeah yes what we want yeah oh
yeah nice Oh
surviving good man nice book oh we had a
crush now up that was gonna get intense
this is the place to be
hey this is why I love you thanks to the
being my friend okay I don't have Wi-Fi
still but I can still survive so thank
you
right now I've got myself a beer I'm a
happy man oh my god
finally I've inside this 10-1 set let me
get away from this I've been in this
tent for like an hour
I must use this satellite dish to upload
my video finally it's done it's up it's
donuts I'm putting in the video what
this legend right thank you for letting
me using and Simon I really appreciate
and now these guys well knows it and now
something's going crazy and now I'm
getting one three seven made on this so
let's do it one through three seven yeah
like this is made like two numbers then
we've made it to fit all of it nice
words cannot express how fucking
thankful I am to this organisation here
honestly down the mountain biking UK
like honestly like oh the stress I've
gone through you see I've walked up a
mountain I've been to a cafe channel
world I don't even think I've logged at
the cafe because try to upload it there
anything it's gonna take a thousand
minutes over there I had no signal of
the mountain came to him he said like 20
minutes I was like fuck yeah the 20
minutes then turned into like two hours
to upload it but this is the stress I'm
fucking going through to make sure you
guys get a daily vlog so honest to god
like I want to see 50,000 like ratings
if you were apart of the fucking hype
train of this event and also these two
girls here these two who gave me you
like your looks I'd like I was like a
nice bit random form alright thanks
turns out there were fans that came
they've dropped they've drove three
hours to come and visit me so absolute
legends but I go make sure the vlogs ok
taken care of and especially this guy oh
I love you so much man thank you so
goddamn much huh Oh Ricky I did it I got
a blonde girl you see me stressed move
you don't something's off don't vlogs up
again what are you doing in your onesie
this is cheating can't be wearing this
so it's me out in the weather getting
wet through and stuff instead you
breathe instead you're enjoying yourself
in comfort comfy nurse you bloody
bastard you Steve item oh this is this
is not fair that dad just passed me a
cocktail sausages and
going May this field is absolutely
wrecked where's this guy doing oh I'm a
finish line
Van Nuys oh my god you crazy kid so the
guy with the dog earlier was like Tom I
got your present but I've left it in
Ricky's bag and I was like oh my god
blessed tell me ever but I was like okay
interesting gift that you may have left
me didn't see it until Ricky just said
he dropped off a little yoga Meister
best gift ever
thanks bro I appreciate so much I cannot
wait to see you again in Scotland and
thank you very much for driving saying
hello I love you this is how you be
irresponsible 101 we're washing out a
coffee cup so we can put Jager in it and
monster so yeah we're great power comes
great responsibility
I guess all right is how we do it cheers
boys thank you very thank you Mary we
appreciate the free monster wait wait
for it there you go right now fill it
with monster
Hey Oh Oh my god I thought you're gonna
do that down in one
she is boy who could help and happiness
good luck good luck all right Ricky's
next Ricky that is next way it's about
right a bit more than everyone else but
okay Ricky things start to disappear
five yeah yeah
cup of death cheers Cheers
get easier to Cola up area goodbye to
tears Eric payer yogurt awesome bring
good spirits here and there silly
Scotland get it down here you know
supposed to sip it you're supposed to
shut it you pussy come on Ricky where's
that
what do you finish it treacle Oh baby
here shit we all drunk one each you wet
down of a man that we appreciate that
much that within that drink session we
almost run half the Jagermeister so
thank you once again to tip to being
responsible gram and Ricky you bad
drinker of shots
on set let me just go and find your
vagina next round one coffee cup I'm
Paul Yeager Anna limited supply of
Monster Energy X monster we love your
stuff
they're amazing this is me trying to
pour this right now
I'll do and as a monster
nice
cheers to Scottish weather
and this is why we love Monster Energy
they're hooking us up with Oh how many
of you got there for us good for listen
we have one Jaeger how many monsters
it's like oh oh that's what I liked it
how much do you need
Riki empty the bag my friend we need
room now that is what I'm talking about
bike for Monster thank you very much
good sir enjoy the journey home Dada
Dada Dada Dada Dada I brought you a gift
hey Dad a gift where's the rest of it
job we ate it is the power of razor will
save our music spirits right now that
Leviathan is gonna wash this shit up I
love it this is all I ever want in life
good music good times and a beer sit
just kick back relax enjoy yeah it could
be better if I was on the beach and it
was sunny but instead it's raining and
we're in the middle of Scotland either
way
don't groove a martyr on track we're
taking back enjoying life Oh Ricky oh
sorry that's what you just found as a
bottle of Jagermeister aka the devil's
drink Ricky I believe you have two
drinks for you a massage rings we're
just making a we vinegar can all the way
over there oh look this what are you
eating it with was next to my music I
believe you want a break Masen I should
we've got on Ricky
where'd you buy that for I got this from
well Oh Mike I don't know whether I can
tell you calm yes I mean look at it oh
my god
UK USA represent Rick oh stop it oh yeah
we're gonna been a solid Oh boys boys
you kick it into that bit of sauce it
you got two sausage I think I know I
appreciate that you guys get to such
elegant one another feeling nice fine uh
yeah that's yours okay real feeling i
sat down on yours listen I have at least
got 10 cans of Monster Energy one
sausage one piece of ham guacamole and
curly kale what you need to get that
unit that's perfect ken Cheers I don't
wonder what solute so there's a good
health and happiness and good ol time ie
Guthrie this is a react to good old
times turbot ate cheese all the crab
reunion Graham come here crazy yeah
alright yeah yeah do really good hundred
as a comedian a lucky self grab go fuck
yourself yeah the ghost stories of
tonight will be real Ken tells a story
Jackanory Jackanory Jackanory jacket
what you know what's checking on it you
don't you know this have no idea
three o'clock the tells a story - what
do you stand for kids come home from
school
yeah the use of your TV program called
Jackanory yeah and that was it
it's a horror story attitude knows it so
kids stories no we said horror stories
not kids - one of the New York n lets us
down once again
well I'm South here and a call that in a
cold day with a fire that is dead with
Ricky who gets the spirit emotion we can
use vlogging off snapchat is I don't
know what you can see a grain is
bringing the beer so to good health and
happiness this is what we do then bring
it baby food downhill it's a real you
know life five years time the sport is
gonna be absolutely humanely busy and
these menu on the forefront of it the
ginger busted himself my you got me your
grain cheers mate to health and
happiness and finding Wi-Fi in the
middle of fucking Scotland we're good
round Damon we're good at what we do and
this is literally thanks to Graham know
people so Cheers
and that is the whisky encode look at it
is massive well this shit yeah well my
tall man up your child
cheers Cheers not down in one either get
back yourself just do this for the
record right now we run out of Jameson I
pulled all the whiskey that we have
which is Jameson for my dad and a cop
and I took you out to us like dad we run
out of whiskey he's like he was like Tom
we didn't I was like dad the bottles
empty there's no more whiskey is no more
Jameson anyway no Tom go in the right
hand side cupboard and pull out my
whiskey and my dad just came out with a
Kenmore bottle of whiskey just for
himself so it's like his hit flush
whiskey so Ken you're a fucking legend
mate I'm not drinking a girl for
yourself I don't trust the share but Ken
this is for you to this day we are
officially adopted
Ricky Crompton he shall not be no is not
Ricky Johnson we officially adopt into
this day as Ricky
Oh Ricky yourself doing now part of the
fun we know it's a good happiness and
Sabina Cassell okay you wanna voiceover
laughing you know no one knows oh cool
oh yeah he is advocate Sue's officially
one of us totally forgot to end
yesterday's vlog so there it is ending
its actually a sunny day today which is
great it's freezing cold and I am indeed
in the penguin onesie that's it
so yeah I'm gonna edit this vlog now
upload it and hopefully it goes up on
time so thanks watching which other like
rate subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow
animals
