the morning after the day before morning
after the day before I'm going to
Scotland gonna Scotland I'm going to
Scotland where am I going
where am I going I think you go to
Scotland why would I do that
kill but oh my god I left it in LA
rip see you like to Theodore II hope you
have a nice trip I'm gonna say goodbye
to you that letting you know bye bye bye
bye bye bye yeah and you go it's you I
will see you another time soon all right
well we can try to get out oh love y'all
this cheese you see you wanna go back
from Scotland right here we go this is
our baby we're gonna be surviving in
this for the next three days with me dad
dad what happened all right
me Dad and though he's gonna jump revive
like I have years all the smaller you
look so tired
we got Ricky enjoying like another
adventure
yes alright time to go an adventure the
world of Scotland oh we made to get
allies sure face face show me sure make
sure felt Ricky had a package that was
getting delivered to the house but we
never saw the guy arrived we drove down
the road because dad forgot a sleeping
bag and chances are that this is the van
you delivering it so we've got a package
perfect so I have to survive for a
weekend with my dad of camping and
drinking and surviving so so far I have
cupcakes crate beer Krita beer -
lucozade and a pack of Caprio son this
is a healthy diet this is a healthy diet
how to survive any nuclear war 101 just
survive off super noodles continuing to
be responsible by grabbing a miniature
bottle of League yeah I love camping and
I love my dad both is one thing I have
ever learned from camping is that toilet
paper is always ripping up your asshole
so and getting wet wipes when you can't
tell me I'm not doing
cuz I okay I cut into the guys we just
straight-up didn't have enough alcohol
for the weekend so we're getting two
more of each you know clay it supposed
to play it safe I think I'm responsible
Nikki I almost gave up and walk away any
return with the Miss America the whiskey
look responsible irresponsible like I
said we get to do this yeah at least I'm
with my dad doing it you know it's
responsible well you're a balance with
it yes times a thousand thank God for
French fries
time for the most important decision
what cereal do I eat for a weekend of
camping now we've got fruit and fiber at
you know what we are looking you know
what we owe you you might have it but
you're a big box 2.0 company what how
the fuck you another part-time cereal
box I lied that box was too big
Coco Pops mmm so nuts enough for three
days not gonna lie that is just
absolutely petrifying I don't even I
don't even know why anyone would think
about purchasing one of them no way
nothing will ever be orange Caprio soda
mmm fight sex
I swap positions I'm no longer sat in
the front I just gotta forget it which
means now me and Ricky can begin the
weekend dad can no see driving drinking
or driving no don't do it
I mean Ricky a beginning I trip he it is
for four and we've made it to look it'll
be lollipop where I managed to finally
just get my video uploaded it took to
our two and a half hours in private to
have a video uphold it through through
gin and at the entire but we made it
here I'm going for pace and I'm gonna
try and edit the video together by 6
o'clock for me and my kids made it to
school and that's why we just found a
lifetime collection of a.m. brew 42 are
you fuckin loggin lad I got you in the
wild
I'm forming a fuckin G cuz it looks like
fucking accurate look at our and
Scotland is like you're a fucking wizard
got in a ship over get back in the
vehicle and we were fucking going about
20 minutes away the adventure begins and
the rain is tormenting will driving up
country roads to send time bullied away
we're like run away Oh Ricky you're now
on ten are you doing what is a whole new
routine
never be alright we're about 20 minutes
away that doesn't have any more she
knows where it's going 20 minutes away
before we make home for three days
alright we need it to shut done great
general really going good I know where
I'm going I believe in you I've always
just got one gold weight probably we're
in Scotland
well okay then I'm going away for Easter
I like we've made it that spot right
there by the Sun offense is the first
time I met Ricky Crompton with my dad
we're on private property now we can
drink and drive same quicklink
cheers cheering unions a health and
happiness and Terry in back a forest oh
yes I've seen good ideas I've see Graham
this is like the one in the first place
all right this is Viking fest 101 we got
the tent we got the van we got Ricky and
canned beer and we got the bit this is
why you're a good friend you know what
that's why you good friend my area we
survived the weather is we buy it before
already but honestly this is what its
gonna be like two three days straight
people used to see me in hotels doing
hotel reviews and all that sort of shit
but trust me I grew up doing this this
is what I'm used to but I got my oxy
green shirt on I mean jumper Co and race
are you ready
so ready transformation is beginning the
seats are gathering all the items we
need from in between the chairs to find
the literally we're digging inside the
chairs to retreat the chairs which I'm
thinking somewhere along here they are
but either way we're here we're setting
up this is my bed dad's bed and Ricky
stayed in the middle you've got the
drink the table we got grains ten and
your empty bib also so far super cute
day one we're going crazy in the middle
of a field
I don't know why I make it like we're on
a boat what we're surviving either way
but we will get enough rain to floor as
if we're about what day one day one was
surviving as to how I'm gonna get my
vlog I'm watching out to borrow
someone's car every day and drive to
that kind of true there's no that yeah
cuz other not like as much level of the
day I need to get a vlog up the vlog is
life the blog is live
and I am well what hooked up with the
Cookie Monster onesie so much I really
really want right now so get out let's
get some drinks
here we see a wild Ken by the way he's
my thumbnail for today's video
naked putting on my hot tub but here we
see Ken in the wild tying the shoes with
a hat where's the be no big
disappointing Ricky however swiped out
my man like look at this you know Chris
hey we're not alcoholics I swear not I
swear I swear this is the campsite for
the weekend it looks shit
it looked where it looks boring but lads
glam Ken flicky are you ready for a
weekend of chaos yes boys all right
we're at the finish line
it's craziest volume fi this is the big
asshole F to write down well they don't
ride down to the chunk down it and then
they die in this pair but
open it now we're gonna be allowed back
here again I've already found a place to
the witness podium my dad's giving me
the thanks dad wait no no don't no photo
you gotta hold the camera that the way
it is
give it me this okay and yeah you guys
wonder where I get it from okay given
the given the things all this all this
these was not my dad all right
although I guess it for just aim it that
way same waiter no same way hold it all
we're winning we're winning day we're
racing because skiing is believe believe
in you see ya Ken I'm low on the
beverages alcohol I'm bringing two for
as each look at this this this is the
raised trunk that is available in
England Scotland does it say go fuck
yourself does it say go fuck yourself
does it was it saying yeah I assumed it
said that can guess what go fuck
yourself
holy shit if you do mountain bike I got
jump the burn to the burn to the burn to
jump to the bit holy fucking shit love
my bike all right I'm ready bike getting
a crib it take it back to lights this is
what this weekend consists of everyone
always knows me as like Tom goes out to
clubs goes do this though
I got raised in a biking atmosphere of
going out
drinking I'm covered in mud within like
five minutes even being here but you
know what that's life you just deal with
it so yeah we going off adventuring
again so the wind is small circumstance
in the world but I was out in France
about two years ago my heartin biking
with my dad and this guy but this guy
says because he's got a son done over
here I'm a week what are the chances of
you and me being in front staying at the
same hotel together and now drinking
Cheers
I hooked up with the band I was 18 be
like what 16 last I'm sorry so now 18
drinking together it's sounding hey yeah
it is sound what a weird circumstance
Cheers what we're not even halfway up a
hill yeah Ricky's their dreams they end
up there they're all taking piss stops
what man this is so good I can't even
since that guy from France for a small
world but like dude
the weather is insane I'm really
enjoying myself so nice I love this I
love being in mother nature ever it
always tease me in California oh you
know I this study like perfect place I
exist to be in places like this
seriously I love being in the rain I
used to run around with a stick
pretending it was a gun fighting of
werewolves or some shit like this is
like this is where I want to be I don't
end up I've always said you guys don't
know this but like I'd love to build a
house in the middle of Scotland like
Skyfall the middle of nowhere like place
in the middle of nowhere really modern
really nice and just to be on my own
just exists in the world of nature I
don't care about nature fuck trees I
just want to be in the middle of nowhere
so it's peaceful and quiet and no one
disturbs you
so either way that's the track yeah all
them lines are where the race goes it
looks like so much graffiti the trails
but either way we're surviving and Ken
looks like he's about to go kill someone
so let's continue all right we're now
halfway up the mountain I'm like we
didn't even make it with me no I'm like
mine we made it about 1/4 1/5 of the way
of the mountain and we decided it's two
ways too windy so we got ok the wind the
wind was so windy the way so we're uh
we're making it back down the mountain
with our bees and we're going get in
there eating steak and I'm happily
eating super noodles on I don't know
yeah I disappeared it was on I don't
care so we're making our way down the
mountain
and trying to survive one day at a time
Graeme's you fell down the hill I felt
I'm fucking covered in mud Ziggy you
survived you can't see shit Everest I
survived again this looking malikan the
most responsible man here put a light on
let's have a look at MSU look the wind
is strong man fuck you doc I almost
dropped the camera
yeah so I was blue have a look at my
arms hey a shooter and I like I was
black yeah our follow me back uh just a
bit grain we're covered in shit we met a
bunch of fans who were like I knew that
syndicate fella as I fell down the hill
with them looking at me I was like yeah
that's me so either way we're going on
they they're having steaks and pork
chops and I'm going home I mean super
noodles because I just fucking like
because ya got my steak all what is
super noodles mate I'm going home and
fucking munching made it back to the
camper I fell down oh I'm absolutely
covered in shit there's my onesie
there's Michael oh my god but everyone's
having a steak dinner tonight and
instead I'm like I like have a foot
kettle of hot water and I'm having
nothing but super noodles honestly
that's all I want that's all I care
about super noodles so hot water stir it
up we're good boil a little bit at the
Hawaiian resetboys that's how we eat but
them sunglasses that I got from Oakland
that then got stolen the custom ones
yeah these ones well guess what they I
just put them somewhere safe dad just
threw a bag down and smashed them so
another pair of glasses from Oakley that
have been destroyed
fucking brilliant I am destined to never
own a pair of sunglasses like this from
Oakland because I ever lose them I'll
get smashed
I found the arm I managed to squeeze it
back in falls it fall - guess what
there's a job that's all we need it's
simple as a meal this is just noodles
with a shochet shap shape associate of
chicken flavor I can not wait for this
because it's really so good I genuinely
cannot express how happy and excited I
am for this bowl of noodles it's
literally just a bowl of noodles but I'm
so fucking hungry oh my god I just need
a slice of bread and a slice of bread
and we'll make a bread noodle sandwich
it is honestly that nice putting on
bread that I'm having the second bread
and cheeky movies oh my gosh look I
suppose that there's noodles flip it
over wash it down no oh my god
so good day one a base camp everything's
going great food was amazing my dad
killed it more than that he's still
eating grapes surviving and surviving
I'm a nutrition hula-hooper noodles so
day one was about it I'm just enjoying
just relaxing for a minute I guarantee I
fall asleep I swear if not hopefully not
I get off get on the drink way if not
I'm going to bed
and would you like one beer watching one
diamond real and then one beer women
love me live on one day one man dude
wait so you can take a bit Matt Whiteman
bottling yeah oh oh let me I need to get
married Jesus
hey don't you shit on me no you can do
it hey up this is it Kenz it gets get in
bed
you're cozy this modern-day sleeping bag
was this much William ball box
they're nice they're nice shit okay so
that's got this modern sleeping bag and
then is this the first ever sleeping bag
you bought in your life yeah really yeah
not easy this is the first sleeping bag
my dad ever bought in his wife conceived
in there is there nice getting it you
realize he's gonna fuck you yeah all
right you're good you say fucking out
read away like this IRA I visited a
fraction so many times like it's so
comfy
anyway I'm wrapping up day 1 day 1 is
done I'm so damn tired thank you for
driving us
all I got one fix just a Burnout Eric OH
- I said goodbye to that guy was like
what's your name and Ricky were fine
Eric I was Eric as a fuck they got me no
everyone is apparently called Eric sort
of like Eric anyway what about thanks
watching make sure you leave like rate
subscribe see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m.
the next vlog by the way if every single
of these vlogs is lights cuz we're in
the middle of bumfuck nowhere it's hard
to load a video I'm trying
how do
