it's a new night it's a new day a new
night you may say yeah it's currently
half past 6:00 in the afternoon I woke
up at 5:00 p.m.
unfortunately all we just got the vlog
rendering out which is rendering out so
god fast but I believe today's the day
we get to give cow he's birthday present
I have a missed phone call at my front
door who could it have been oh what a
surprise
it's my grandad get outta bed at
reasonable town tomorrow I'm gonna knock
around your take him for lunch or dinner
or supper depending on what time I'm
awake book this godly does playstation4
really wanted a Playstation but he asks
for a lease for it and Alice won't get
it in so I got it in instead so I got
him the pro got a fee for 18 with this
sum whatever this is I don't do I don't
do FIFA I got him PlayStation 4 so he's
gonna play in fortnight with us on the
ps4 what that also means is you can
finally kick Tom McCallum's ass on FIFA
cuz Tom thinks he's our life fucking
Yanks to me but he's not it actually
might be Tom might be really good at
FIFA but from what I know Cal is even
bad so at least this way now that'll be
able to Duke it out and we'll find out
once and for all who is the better FIFA
player do I care no you know you know my
friend
I believe you there's a gifted my house
for you ha ha ha
what do you think it is your comfort oh
stop it your fucking floor hey hey
listen in your home job it's a bring it
I'm on me way controversial statement
coming up my mouth right now
this might be my favorite syndicate
regional hoodie I loved the insignia I
loved it I loved it I loved it I loved
it I loved the stealth bought my
favorite colors a black white boy it's
not really a competition that is it so I
think this RINs by default Oh bollocks
forgot cars PlayStation
everyone out here complaining about the
clocks going forward and losing an hour
of sleep or whatever I mean I'm happy
look at this 6 o'clock at night and it's
sunny
sure to the pub to say hello to Kenan
the lads because I didn't go right into
that because I was sleeping and then
take this to Carlos I was gonna say the
sad sack I've only seen two bikes ride
and then I saw the sad sight of two
people throwing up I mean that's good
right that's nice one time next Tuesday
wait wait was this you was this you Tony
is it a bit of an odd ride yeah more and
more I Drive that cows my every day care
not just like in the mud the more and
more I wish I woulda bought one of these
75 75th anniversary editions v8 beast
what a bit a dream anyway time for
dinner you better know I'm eating
healthy KFC hmm it was like a 5 minute
wait for the chicken
but then when I ordered it five seconds
with the chicken nice I've got a bonus
bank with a PlayStation 4 for Carl Mamba
dress all right sweet I don't I don't
believe this is true but Alex apparently
has never read KFC gravy
there's your pop hold it all right
and then you won't need some trips so
this is gonna be Alice's Alice's
reaction to KFC gravy for the first time
ever I think you're pretty delicious to
be honest let's throw you bit your
cheeky Bob Carr chicken that's abuse
hey listen Khalid a really nice family
meal in here and honestly it's no that's
for ruining your life for the
PlayStation all right yeah sorry about
that
this house all right time to go in
stream it's time schedules really ever
made off oh she bought me fucking else
all right look look how messy this is
entire offices look we've got pillows we
got letters we got wires cables coats
monsters knives watches kibble coats
keys it's almost impossible for me to
keep on top of it because I just keep
coming and going out this office so
quick that it just gets rekt I need to
show it more respect
oh my god before we go any further we
have a lot of people we need to thank
totally surgeon thank subscribing Kermit
the Frog with three months Junior j7
preciate Josh W gaming with a 42 buds oh
dude you're insane romaine with the
diamonds and Tarkus for the six months
thank you so much Omi's feel like crying
I opened my drawer full of like crisp
snacks and biscuits I was like animals
who what an empty bike back in the
cupboard hmm and I'm not believing Lydia
or anything well be Alice but I could I
and it's now six o'clock in the morning
and I was gonna stretch try and show you
but I've actually been streaming since
like 7:00 8:00 p.m. and yes I've been
streaming it all that time and stops at
6:00 a.m. oh my goodness me all I could
say is that far cry is an incredible
game now this could be the time to
really test and push this computer
because this is
really big big big computer file
surrender with line this is you know
what I'm streaming right this is for a
lot of people ask me behind the scenes
when I'm streaming right this is the
system that i use obs
now you streaming there in one quality
but then I record locally and another
file which is really really high quality
so when I couldn't make my videos now
I've got amazing quality streams to post
on my youtube channel usually these
videos absolutely gigantic and take my
old computer like three hours to me
let's find out how long it takes the
beast Wow okay so this is a 22 minute
video and like I said it take like hours
to do my other computer 22-minute video
I'm about to be rendering it out in less
than 15 minutes amazing so quick message
to all my YouTube homies back in the day
you always Rock Sony Vegas like that was
the go-to video like making programs
Sony Vegas that was the one everyone
went for but everyone kind of abundant
sorry Vegas cuz he was like dead slow
for rendering and everyone hated it but
Sony Vegas 15 the latest one we've got a
super goddamn fast I've never had a
problem with it it does crash like
sometimes when you write it in but that
happens in Premiere as well honestly
people complain about that all the time
but to let you know if you ever want to
go back to Sony Vegas this is not
sponsored that program runs amazingly
now it's so good even handles like
iPhone files and all that like perfectly
which might sound weird cuz you would
expect it to do but in the back in the
day it didn't used to but now it does oh
and if you're wondering like whoa it
seems really bright in your face Tom yes
because the Sun came out yeah well I I
say Sun eyes probably wrong with that
one
oh and if you're wondering like whoa it
seems really bright in your face Tom yes
because the Sun came out yep well I I
say Sun eyes proper wrong with that one
got the decision to make whether or not
to stay up and this is gonna seem when
you my bloke no Tom does he silly get
some rest
hear me out here right save I got up at
10 a reasonable time I got up at 10 a.m.
right I very often stream all the way
through you know until the next day
until like say 6:00 a.m. you know that
happens and I sleep and I get operating
up my sleep schedule back on track but
today because I woke up at like 5:00
p.m. like I've always been awake just
over
1214 hours so why don't I just stay up
from now another 12 hours but I won't
have even been awake 24 hours so I just
kind of like reset my clock and my sleep
schedule so insomnia I'll be set now
that's easier said than done because
there's when it's dark outside I am an
owl I'm like min you have no concept of
time but when the sun's out like again
soon when the lights out like this it's
a bit like this is depressing
I know I've not slept I mentally now
feel like shit as well as also looking
like shit because like you know when
you're not sleeping properly yet more
tired obviously as you can tell you get
more tired bags under your eyes and all
that and I hate that and I don't want to
be going to this event this weekend with
massive bags into my eyes which is a vet
inevitably going to be a happening
because if I try and put my head down to
sleep now at 8 p.m. 8 a.m. in the
morning I'm gonna be waking up at a
ridiculous time it's just gonna throw me
off so do I decide to do an all-nighter
if this was you now would you do it
probably not because you guys normally
wouldn't let your sleep schedule get to
this state but I have so stop judging me
you see now my next optional question
for you guys was should I either have a
bowl of cereal because it's the morning
or because it is night and it's like a
supper do I have like a snack or instead
do I just have them be ramen noodles and
you know what I made the best decision
ever this is a new flavor again I'm
trying all the different packs and this
flavor is Tokyo SOI I'm gonna be honest
I'm giving it a 10 out of 10 some reason
it was necessary for me to come out here
to film that clip so I'm now gonna go
back to my house and my feet are getting
absolutely so wet through even though
I'm wearing a flippy floppies and if for
some reason I do fall asleep and not
wake up til the next day at least I can
say I was outside in the daytime you're
my witnesses so yeah but regardless of
if I go to sleep or don't sleep or
anything like that is now actually a new
day so I need to stop this right now
start to film in the next one for
nonetheless I love you guys face as much
lift that weight see you guys it
insomnia it's gonna be one hell of event
but until then I need to get some rest
so much love I said yes
