whoa-oh oh it's very foggy in England
for Givi but I look like a four c'mon
under s red a mighty J hasn't moved in
weeks and by weeks I mean probably five
days well I'm not feeling too good today
go admit as you guys saw it I've been
sent it's quite a lot recently and I've
had like these feelings up here quite a
while ago I don't know why but woke up
this morning and breathed in it sounds
weird but when I breathed in my tooth is
so sensitive like it's painful to like
breathe oh budget don't know what's
going on in England right now I can't
even see to the end of this field I can
almost just see my neighbor's house this
is kind of Awesome it's the end think I
could see my kitty cats I think I could
see my kitty cats I could see my kitty
cats my little kitty cats what you doing
hmm what you doing oh hello here we said
hello back what hello hello who hello
cute all right yeah so let's let's just
stop the bullying comments right now it
is a Monday we're gonna start this week
properly I've got up every breakfast
I've had a cup of tea
I'm British that's just what we do also
I bought this terminal defender and I've
had it for like a week and as I was
driving along yesterday I don't know how
I don't know where but this came from I
don't worry thought from ceiling it came
out of a crack but I found a pair a box
of red ones with some reading glasses in
it I have no idea who they are by the
from or anything so if anyone previously
on this lever over defender and you own
them glasses stop is gonna be syndicate
regional office once we've done that I
got the vlog uploaded we're going for a
haircut
right that's gonna say how is this early
okay oh thanks actually need that cuz my
husband is he walks all room on us now
and it looks like a kind of did
something today okay oh really you
forgot to give me this seventeen days
lady think this helps the situation
seventeen days a chocolate at school the
one woman in the shop just happens to be
a teacher I like it we did take you that
long to work out whether or not there's
camels in Africa we all added pause one
with lightweight and what you charging
for him to ap know what I was it talked
to mate though nothing that's just
inefficient of your time hey it's
Christmas can you donate me yeah cut no
money one no I don't got any money to
buy it
Wow Sonya please find it in your heart
to give me a snowman
take out your wage yeah yeah does she
know absolutely love them what in there
there absolute my dad's but you know
what I was gonna get a haircut this
probably like 15 people in there right
now alright I'll talk I said I'm seeing
right now guys won't Jimmy bug awkward I
was gonna get my hair cut way too many
people I'm guessing that's cows worked
at British Gas oh that's easy
employee what is it colleague just for
reference doesn't that look like my
house for sale their 875,000 whoever
designed the house had to offer
of completely stole the idea from me now
mine was a completely unique house and
then just everything about it look even
near the top bedroom window it's the
exact same can you copyright
houses imagine that hi-yah you copyright
stolen my house
therefore I own your house get out to do
the art could walking past the grapes
hope West doesn't see me because I'm
walking fast with someone else's food
not his and hope he doesn't shout with
me
wait sure you see these black doors open
I was gon see if we can give him a
fright no doors shut I guess we go
another day and oh my god this air is so
called every time I keep breathing in
it's like someone's stabbing a knife
into the gums in between my teeth it's a
tree it's saying that I've not been on
your Twitter well y'all about well at
least why would I video monsters no
child and adopted computer says no no
not moving not moving not moving not
moving not moving not move going then
gonna go there do you think you're old
enough go on then believe me eat me go
on go on it see you were going to hit me
you bastard I mean in this building you
took the keys up Nick hang it in hey up
I know what's going on it's Monday that
means it's the motivational check-in
you're gonna get your day started your
week started and rock and roll
still eight tops sorry about this in
this morning
yep you know every Monday I'm gonna send
Alice a motivational chicken speech cuz
you know what yeah it's Monday
you've got you you've had your breakfast
your bath gel for your lunch we're busy
we're rocking we're rolling Karen who's
orders that don't send it in the bowl
over there who cares okay so this order
is this workin Lisa Whitaker it might be
for a child law you can't say that cuz a
kid don't know the guy knew yeah okay
Lisa Whitaker sedima respond you know
what having a red wristband
not even orange-red for once there you
go let's put this in the bag gang no
whoops when I want to give up oh my god
we have sharp is for one's Jesus finally
Alice Alice I already know I already
know this is from you you know why I saw
you posted on Twitter's but always thank
you so much for this this is going over
and going on my Christmas tree nobody's
not bro
alice is like one of the best viewers of
this looks dope oh that's no easy your
absolute stars thank you very much we
will glue the extra things that just
falling off it onto its the man don't
you don't you worry the holly berries
might as well be bloody Santa Claus so
this movie have tolling car I could I
could take all the gifts do all the kids
around them well actually I could take
all the gifts to all the kids in the
local area not not around the world
you know what that cost me way too much
of you
may my home my home music Nando's every
time I come in I always pack but if I
homie is behind the camera it never lets
me playing oh my god look at what we got
oh if you've never been to England I've
been to a country where you can have
Nando's that works that's like some of
that you know you see unlike an
advertisement billboard for it that's
how good it looks
yes Lydia is beyond upset right now
because this is you this used to be your
favorite cheesecake but they change the
supplier it is listen it's a Monday okay
did you miss it thoughts/opinions
is it not the same you know like it I
would say Lydia's all upset like oh the
cheesecake it's not the same I don't
like it you got the cheesecake for free
you could not complain about no
cheesecake but we spoke to Matt not then
my homie it's called Matt there's
another guy called Benny that's why I
used to call him that cop I used to call
him that's why I called Matt Pence right
that's what I'm trying to say but anyway
we spoke to them please check on what we
spoke to them and we're gonna try and
find the dealer they're fine we need the
details for the dealer so we're gonna
try and find the supplier of where they
got their old cheesecake from so we can
get some moon in our house for a little
lid right next up Starbucks next up oh I
only washed five days what
I don't know I did that no code sex I've
got a parking spot absolute a little bit
but there's a really high curb in front
of me
so rather than well I said wow I said
really high vision so it's not a matter
of why it's a matter of why not yes oh
no sorry mate you've been bamboozled
it's the same if you can't enjoy the
simple things in life
then what can you enjoy that Bodi oh
yeah so now that we've got all the
questions all the things we've now got
going to a blood sample test for them to
just confirm we make sure that had
nothing's changed since we last seeing
each other
oh is that the same point yeah okay so
we gotta go get that done and then once
that's done we're finished I believe and
just come in for the operation on the 11
why is this the first time taking wood
Oh God
blood sample taken time to go and pay
the really expensive parking bill that's
paid are you two doing sales to the book
today
absolutely Ramo kyvan move and where's
Tom Blackie Charlie's still alive so
everybody asking my wages
that bad that is looking weird a it's a
white Christmas but it's not the right
kind of way it's a bit misty Christmas
oh my god syndicate original is crammed
look at this I can see the amount of
packages we have to send out really oh
you're kidding me
what the heck Walled is even more than
 the bed
oh damn just like that
this guy got absolutely all of it
alright so this is two hander I'm not
gonna say last names anymore just get a
bit close to Christmas Eve my beauty
gifts so Hannah on your audio over on
your on your dad fit little well maybe
that gives it away even more if you say
where the from giving you a free
wristband where's the pack where's the
package put it in see Bob in the office
man he goes again hook top oh yeah this
is actually pretty dope it doesn't leave
ok this is this is their second order
first visit from silica original and
twelve visits over the past 19 so you
guys can't see this for the the most
supportive swag wearer that statement of
syndicate orginal is Nicole Cornwall
from where okay and then it's Ellen Oh
Lynn Lynn Caroline Caroline
Davison Cal Thornton Julie Hedberg keep
ma a Michael mother whoa David all you
love is they are the most supportive
people of syndicate original car se6
orders the top woman yeah Nicole as
ordered six times
really
and we know you know that's crazy I
didn't know one person on a 36 time that
must be everything we've done right
my old hot took cover would become the
best desk of all time is it cuz you said
that when we moved in but it's somehow
still here this is actually the cover
that the crows pecked apart it mailed
from a male hot tub
I was what's the shoutout it says I hope
all of the Cassell family have a very
Merry Christmas I thought I would treat
myself as my fiancee it's just left to
go on an operational for ink UA oh you
know what that means no that means it's
not orange but Michael we're swagging
you are my friend
dude Merry Christmas have a Merry
Christmas and a very happy new year and
I hope if you on say he's having a great
time on tour wait doesn't say Michelle
does it does he say Michelle Michael
door open time to lock her out lock her
out time to lock her out it's all right
don't worry I'll just look out I love
you are you talking to
oh right you're not there like non-stop
syndicate regionals absolutely busy and
booming so that's absolutely amazing
like I feel like I'm I've been non-stop
running around that I just need a minute
you've led me get over yourself not only
a minute I want I want a live stream to
my twitch audience like you have no idea
you have no idea how bad I feel because
more importantly when I came back from
wherever I came back from just traveling
whatever I just came back from I was
like you know what oh yeah America when
I get back what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna pay for this fast internet I'm
gonna get excited I'm gonna be streaming
like every day but then when I spoke to
him didn't it came to price of like no
joke it was the idea of 18 grand videos
I've done the brand deals you know
that'll pay for another but then when I
got the phone soon the price of the
internet decided to come up to like 24
grand I'm like I just cannot justify 24
grand 24 grand I could pay for a trip
around the world vlog every day
the most insane footage entertaining
vlogs ever rather than spending 24 grand
and just housing in there I'm not gonna
be there out for yeah so then it
was just like I don't know I just think
me what I've got but now me that my
house doesn't even work so get even
scream I'm stressing me out so much
because I love streaming I seriously
seriously seriously more of streaming I
love it's a bit
I feel really bad on my Twitter audience
that have not been answered stream as
much so you know what I'm gonna try and
see if I can do something get me and
then I'm working a little bit tonight
and get streaming for you guys so I'm
really sorry to my twitch audience but
you know what you guys have noticed if I
don't stream all day then these vlogs
have been like 44 minutes long and that
it's just been like I have average day
but by consensus consensus of what
yesterday said people love half and I
want blogs I think like if I could make
a vlog every day be 30 minutes it seems
that's what everyone likes but then
you've seen the days where I'm just like
chilling out on Netflix and chilling but
I and I'm doing nothing so I feel like
well if I've done nothing I'm not
just gonna force myself to do something
about what chill day I'm gonna have a
chill day but it's you know it just
happens it's give and take some along
summer shorts so so no I for use few
people out there you understand and get
that and kind of like respect that
thanks for being cool thank you not
being like yeah weak demand is like
being a spa brah understanding that this
is how I have this how it is this not my
life pans out thank you I appreciate you
vehicle much along now let's try and fix
this thing Internet look at me being a
responsible dad to Mike as cleaned out
the loser babe I knew it I knew
it
like no joke every time every time twice
every time I've moved the litter tray to
go and wash it to put new winner in they
always pay our pissed up poo where it
used to be
why don't you just wait literally four
minutes you're gonna try and jump in
there and take a pill there's no booty
literally eat your sausage cat well I
don't think it was you where is he where
is he what is it is he hiding he's
hiding in it he knows he's doing it
where is it where is this cat where is
it where's your brother
what's your brother gone DP'd and poot
here again no okay where are you I know
I know you're hiding I know he's hiding
you know all you know what you've done
thank God I have a shower down yeah I'm
just wash it out like this don't know it
literally minutes minutes that move the
litter tray far they've peed on it
what busted cats you see that's how I
know it was you a minute ago because
your sisters currently taking a poo and
a pee oh yeah oh that's sorry good
awkward
see and I knew it was you you're just a
little that's right run away you
know you messed up yeah corner of shame
color of shame color of turn color and
shine yeah you do again you go again
butto again you know that see the thing
is he knows he's wrong and you shouldn't
do it but he's like I definitely need so
that you guys know that there is a cat
pooping warning for the next following
clips so if animals pooing freaked you
out
skip a minute or two bought for those
who just yeah it's gonna say Rose here
enjoy cats period know those who want it
wait watch why my cats are so retarded
continue to watch what are you doing
okay first of all good job coming up the
pay no no no just turn around plenty of
plenty
no yeah no come on let's witness this
cat trying to attempt this she's welcome
you're still bloody seeing I don't know
no no not quite
yeah well done you would know okay bye
oh now now I literally have poo and pee
retardant cats he's just digging he's
nothing I think he's looking for his
previous poos of gun and what he's gonna
do is she sees books hanging off the
back end he's probably going to poo off
the back of it seriously no cat no
Catlett
lean forward cat seriously seriously
seriously cat bro
what what's wrong with you
what are you doing dude how are you oh
oh yeah well you probably did it well
done yeah proper hitting what he's like
very sick I don't understand it I swear
I put it in this box
maybe it fell off the energy table
literally I have retarded cats okay he's
awesome
I swear to God I swear it right here
tender put it near my owner won't go mad
at me he's literally lost that you can't
find his toe
what a stupid cat oh yeah cooing friends
we're good friends yeah well done well
done cats well done
Steven if at any point we feel
intimidated let me know and I shall
remove the cat okay yeah the happenings
of a married life this is this is what
happens when your wife is a teacher
school they're making gingerbread houses
so what looks like drugs well I don't
know what kind of drugs that looks like
but you know like wait just like in
brick fall mats something in like films
I feel like she's baking drugs in my
house and that's all we have or what she
needs so even more drugs even more mess
will be create statement but anyway
that's just let's get this rocking and
rolling and by this I mean phone calls
bTW BMI brought me in a net your decks
which I don't think I be able to do 720
BT helpline closed at six
but you're not a messy pooper I Steve
I've had Steve three years I've had two
of the big dragons that have for two
years each and every single ml the bed
of dragons would poo on you pee when
they were out on the floor on your
clothing whatever but Steve is the
cleanest bearded dragon I know and only
other poops will easily vid Aryan or a
good little dragon you need to teach my
cats out of tune because bro they dumb
next step on what Tom need to do I need
to unbox
all these pot figures and move them into
the other room and what I'm tempted to
do just for silence if not take these
out the box
and just put them in there and see what
it looks like what fingers look like
when they're individually out looks
pretty good looks pretty awesome ignore
them ones there yeah that looks pretty
awesome but this is what it looks like
when they're in this look how much 1 2 3
yeah that's 10 whereas on this shelf I
could fit 20 obviously can't see them
all I'm gonna get some like see-through
platforms or wooden platforms to tear
them up so like you see it goes in rows
of three to tear up so you can see them
then then then then because right now
you can't appreciate it can you so I
don't know how we're gonna get it made
but we will do but you know what I
thought that might look good but now oh
my lord
I've been doing this for about an hour
this is not even all the other boxes
emptied but I've tried to hit the wall
with a bit of organization and I'm
actually liking how it works so right
now I've got so many step look all Star
Wars but then all Star Wars nothing is
if you guys are unaware with the vlogs
this is actually see how they're falling
over already
that's the secret doorway into a cinema
ok so see how all that banging around
knocked over a few of these or what
decided to do I like the baked
individual ones like that and then the
box and then the Game of Thrones chair
all over here on their own and decided
to put them on one of version of the
door so you see like how these are all
the big figurines like here here here
and by the way in between Clips such as
reorganised everything again spare pile
for charity spare part for charity
also spares for charity but then over to
here this is the layout of all of them
right now I've got absolutely tons of
them
you know guys at the galaxy Suicide
Squad Walking Dead DC Universe Towers
towers Superman DC Universe I got my big
I love this little reception area like
it takes up so much space but I just
think it looks so good so I've got
obviously pac-man a little bit of a
Avengers big version characters you know
a bit big Betamax big hero 6 you know
just a lot of things like I need to lay
them all out probably cuz I just move
them around a little bit but you know it
looks good having these big versions on
this individual shelf that way it won't
knock over but you know just random
characters down here random like I think
I've got like Assassin's Creed
characters
here as well as there so really to
organizing but the mix-up of course yeah
like that's just so dark then that's so
colorful and that's so colorful I might
just mix them all up but you know at the
same time I'm really not that bothered
but obviously we've got Deadpool down
here looking awesome Harry Potter
Avengers
Doctor Who plus you know Ultron just
just ignore that rickum eyes guys on
shell like DOS push these ghostbusters
Spacey ask it aliens from Mars Game of
Thrones wall you know some of my
favorite characters on here Bob Ross
gremlins alien vs. predator wall-e 300
and Breaking Bad and then down there
another random collection I know this is
a place where people are going to look
in first like when you walk around the
corner here the first thing you're gonna
see is like that shelf so obviously like
certain ones stand out more than special
with a white of a bit so it might
reorganize that shelf to be a bit more
of an important one like Eva put
galleons the galaxies over there or
something like that but as of right now
I've just got like four new characters
five nights at Freddy's you know buting
the Beast
I don't know why I've got like sack pie
on there as well as like Captain Captain
Jack Sparrow as well as mr. t I pity the
fool and I'm gonna move this stuff
upstairs and that'll give me another
shelf but as of right now I've pretty
much got all of these emptied apart from
spares that I need to like saw how this
is how many I've currently got and it's
absolutely ridiculous if I can somehow
find like three six if I can find like
18 extra like big ones like this to fill
these gaps then I totally will do it
because keep opening and closing these
doors they will keep falling and it will
be really annoying so if I find some
space to move these and these to scout
them around like you know in these
spaces and up here and around and stuff
then these big figurines can just stay
there lots of talking lots of
information but at the same time this is
now look it looks like a shop do it look
how cool this looks popping the gaps
look how amazingly cool this layout is I
do really wish that there was lights in
the top of these and then these were
pieces of glass because if it was then
it could go all the way down but at the
same time it would the technicality
of it I don't know they they probably
smash the pieces of glass is like you
know the door was show
incorrectly of something like that and
more importantly the dust would show ten
times worse so really like it think it
looks absolutely awesome I bet my own
little like toy shelf in it a little bit
time to Kalman oh boy
I have 304 what I've got three or five
oh just added that to the collection and
oh my gosh we've got all these spares
together flipping it up there's a note
in that one so nothing better make sure
I take that note out before we uh
auction for about six weeks I'm going
pop figure crazy the wick thing is the
entire time I was there like knocking
things over I thought like the cats
would come and pay attention but I
didn't see a single cat until then the
entire time look you just go if I make
it as square as possible
wait do we have anything to flatten it
with I want to make it like a pure
perfect square oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
oh yeah you did she said oh looks like a
brick this entire time being all
suspicious in the tree there's a lot of
tinsel the absolutely will get you're
about to rip it off the tree meanwhile
your sister looks like the most chilled
out kinda damn world Hey Libya is having
so much enjoyment creating this
gingerbread for her children at school
they better appreciate it right look at
the ready to that paper anyway more
important I ordered Chinese like 90
minutes ago they said 45 minutes it's
here
yeah sure I'll help in a minute I'm
happy good
why are you very much my swag remember
like oh by the way scene as though
you're actually here to save your
sister's life because literally she's on
she came downstairs crying to me that
she's struggling the Chinese is here
already it's not I mean it took 90 no
you saw the chickens here it took 19
minutes to get here I've got you a full
portion and it just works out now that
you've actually been putting in the
wrong amount of flour what the math
works out or you flowers gone already
and you still need to make one more how
dare they sell you a three kilogram
bagging in Phnom be three kilograms
right thank God I don't have to do this
right now yet thank you thanks see this
is what we're 5050 I've hired your
services grab that happy to do it
no she's do now a chicken admit what
you're doing right now
you absolutely bastard you failed me oh
yeah I'm helping right she needs this
number to go to 300 look if you do a lot
its do other day so I'm doing it look
that's how much comes out so I'm try to
come up with ingenious ways we get more
no no look look at that have you ever
seen it go so fast of your life I was
leaning on it I was like I thought it
was going fast Times Lena gingerbreads
this this is slave labor this is like
where's my payment I paid for the
Chinese I even have to pay your sister
in Chinese so I didn't have to do it I
paid a Chinese person Chinese
this much bucket thing another dude I'm
alive I'm 206 please alternate Rio
you gotta crush the balls Oh explicit
content oh yeah I'm part of the balls
really hard to go really place of 300
mean the cats are relaxed in here guys
be nice be call me goomy goomy
no Rosie oh where is he Oh chill it's
okay well maybe no well you don't even
guts these Luna she got halfway up the
tree what
