I'm not even gonna say what I look like
you already know leave a comment down
below I went for my chick-fil-a that's
the way uh-huh uh-huh I like it I'm nom
nom nom I have been learning about this
entire time it's now four o'clock in the
afternoon and I'm start watching Netflix
house of cards
I'm currently fucking Paul Paul oh fuck
there we go
I'm currently an episode of four and
they're an hour long each so I've got
like probably one of the six to go until
I finish the series so since I've done
that house of cards season four finished
in one day great success dad say goodbye
to the blog let's say hello I love you
I'll see you later all right
see you later dad really good to chat we
may oh I miss you too mate in the
afternoon it's time for some cereal
munching this shit down and then heading
over to frizzies place to watch the
Conor McGregor fight I'm saying right
now I am gonna guess he wins by round
three
hmm I think something's gonna go down in
round three I don't know why some epic
could up into the first round like it
always is becoming McGregor but I'm
thinking round three I don't know why
looky number three alunite boom bitch oh
he seems like such a bad idea really
lose I literally literally quiz watch me
vodka I go this is gluten-free vodka
so the always fancy shit the person I
got the person that I bought my BMW from
he owns a dealership and he started a
vodka wine of course it's a good
kinetochore that's a great good exercise
damn quiz back into the game with a nice
hand
Oh
maven good stride by sohail 1/8 scale
there
again with $100 just have I I was
Russian always trust maven oh wait my
high five don't like intercepted them so
nadeshot has made like four grand
tonight off csgo la oh and now here's
100 down is uh oh 4500 oh okay here okay
I'm okay with this but now it's your 100
down okay you mean we made money Vegas
as well oh no you just got she got two
in and then you get one in I got three
in a row in the end I bounced it dude
wait you spend the money oh shit get
down from the thousand dollars maybe
just magic
you should break you should this way too
intense waitress you should get both of
them in that was pretty much good I mean
I got mad bro I promise you that was so
intense I'm here mean act like an ass
we'll send the money that's good
wait what we saying here we call it here
we call ins gonna win Holly Holly I'm
going Holly as well just has to happen
I joke around just gonna pass out she's
gonna pass out oh my oh ten a note tena
no John holy shit I wonder hundred
dollars unbelievable I don't care fuck
that was crazy so what would you like to
drink with him I've got one cigarettes
oh no no I'm sold now I'm fucking sold
holy shit he's coming out El Chapo so oh
my god this is nuts get wild
I am feeling stupidly excited for this
by lightweight except he's gonna win yes
he fucking is
oh I'm so excited oh he looks a bit
wobbly I agree with you he looks a
little wobbly what's he doing no fucking
shoulder cutters mumbling oh no cut his
twister Connor mr. Connor
he's fucking wobbling bro mister he's
done he's out
nice nice
Luke is trying to tickle in his day is
this like turning into a weird sexual
thing all night I've been wanting to
listen to one song
wizz-wizz what songs this baby I love
this song alright oh my god most
eventful uber ride ever we got in there
and you remember that we pulled up
outside the bar that wooden bar is one
of the worst bars they exist in that way
I called Luke I was like that shit
and he stayed crying so look up saying
dude oh my god he's so much you watching
this you need to go home you're so so
this is going in a bug because you're so
fucking solid
raise your shelving for 5.0 sacks on
YouTube and you guys would see me to you
chief yo you pull together ladies that
fall yeah yeah we fucked um yeah yeah
Luke we love you Luke but you're gonna
see this smile you're not gonna sure
what happened you gonna see anyone for
like if you're like Tom why did you post
I'm like hey as friends
Oh y'all doing a fucking love being in
LA the best thing I've ever done in my
life Ashley Marie how you doin
hey did I miss the fucking memo I did I
didn't come with me where the fuck are
we going guys this is Greg you've got a
photo back on do you have to oh look at
this
best uber driver I've ever been in my
entire life you know I trust your taste
in music you play how you go there back
that you surviving wait she's she's
there somewhere you see it wait you can
kinda see tonight you're like hitting
the shadows wait what oh my god yo
husband house it just turned up fuckin
was this a lobster grilled cheese I'm
dying of fucking hunger right now
sorry what'd you get this from
holy shit this is amazing game-changer
Ben Webster mobster Maggie jinx you know
that moment when you've got a retired
Bastardo cadet yes I'm almost 9,000
percent positive that there was a Power
Core in my palmer building because my
front door didn't open and the elevator
isn't working so how am I gonna get to
my apartment floor
