the morning after the day before is
absolutely madness if what the people
the cleaners are note saying the remote
does not work that's cute but forgot to
do a hotel review torch it so let's do
it
this is in fact not my hotel room mine
looks like an absolute devastation these
three look at them your fucking chaotic
mustards gals right get outside the bed
was actually extremely comfy that gets
26.5 kind of a small room everything
looks awesome the shower was always on
motherfucking hots for code couldn't
take that off and had a nice bathroom so
overall I'm actually gonna get this
hotel
thank you have a 6.9 I took no what am I
gonna know I'm giving it a 6.9 because
my hotel room actually smelt like bacon
the entire time oh look like Death Comes
keeps me up pretty fresh you just don't
some things well yeah don't sound at all
clean
I feel like I'm unknowable I don't drink
that much I'm just tired
fuck a duck I got this shit happen kitty
signs are gonna come down and a lot of
people who come up screaming like you're
the guy on a fly
you're the guy on them flags I'm like
yep come here for seven Tova is
brilliant it's right here
fuck so go catch the trying to go home
for listening to the way dis music the
hell if spires someone in a wild
syndicate original sure would you look
at that as we snipe him from a distance
he is wandering and looking but we have
found him whoa ginger piss here we
observe a random man vlogging in his
natural environment would you look at
that he's walking towards friend II was
sat down on a chair he is using a g7 X
with a flip he also has a mount on
interesting this has been spectating
strangers at the train station plug on
your blog looking like this so what do
you say you know what you're in the void
looking on huh all I'm gonna say is
thank you for getting us away
you calling me cold I didn't think it
made much difference you do hear me
bleep doors fuck
it's as stiff as it is what ten on the
train girls are going crazy
what are you doing cuz why would you
know what's gonna happen
well screenshots analysis plays you got
to take more screenshots of Alice's face
and tweet yeah piss where's the
sanitizer back where I'm gonna show you
guys something that just makes me feel
ill shit you multiply what watch me go
back
I do plant the face for you I can't go
by forbid train snack of cheese cheese
oh you would talk
hmm
tastes like get you struggling with a
lot stuff there Alice he's struggling oh
that's an old ass right we've made it to
stock Curt and we're waiting for the
lift
what the actual fuck are you doing
what are you doing here what are you
doing here fucking cracker that's where
that good job with insomnia my voice
really hungry yeah you did it
everyone was rockin syndicate with your
swag that's all thanks to this girl for
organizing that event you smashed it
good job kid
good job it was like I say much look to
the team as well mum you killed it in
the e kill that Paul you killed it Evan
the designs look amazing so thank you
very much that bro and I'm now gonna
rest by going getting some chicken from
KFC what a lovely day this is beautiful
how's this looking suave well god damn
that took 20 minutes to get a boneless
banquette hopefully for the love of tits
it's gonna be worth likes I'm starving
but holy shit KFC hide was a fucking
shit show the reason I say that is I've
worked at McDonald's in the busiest
times Christmas holidays all that and
right now it's Easter Monday so like
every bank holiday money whatever
everyone's off there was like four
members of stuff in a KFC that should be
absolutely rammed busy please just hate
probably no longer wait for that food no
it's fast food and it's a first world
problem but bloody hell I almost felt
like going and helping them on so you
guys okay and just feel like they're
gonna die if there was ever way to
commit suicide in my car it would be
driving down this fucking road that has
like a million potholes it's like
playing a fucking video game right now
I'm picking the right track and
definitely should not be vlogging while
I was doing this one because I'm driving
I'm at a private road so it's fine
but to fucking smash this camera backs
and so I'm gonna be careful with it it
was every time in my life but I ever
needed that Jeep Wrangler that I so
badly won it is now because this is an
off-road trade course but I'm gonna the
potholes are bigger than my wheels so
I'm gonna be fucking careful as shit
luckily I'm not scraped you under my car
any
I'm doing pretty well but any false move
and I am royally fucked a back of the
bed robot I wish had a GoPro to film
that like by the side because that was
batshit crazy okay
I am honest-to-god surprised that I do
not have a million and ten chips
actually I'd possibly do chips and
scratches and just fucking bullet holes
in this fucking car right now it it
survived I don't know how because it's
so low to the ground and it's like like
just like a go-kart I'm surprised I did
not break this car just then so very
impressed with the Audi TT terrific
skills but my god do I need my Jeep
Wrangler cuz I totally didn't just fall
asleep on the sofa for two hours there
for the vlog was two hours late and now
I'm late for the dinner that's supposed
to go out with with Alice cow my dad and
Gayle either way I woke up I'm heading
there now and would you look at that
sunset this is the like the probably
greatest thing about this entire house
is that every day I look out the window
and there's an amazing sunrise and
sunset so let's get going well I made it
we're supposed to be a out drinking
celebrating for your birthday
sure we voted that you've already gone
out real bit it has a pop quiz Ken the
scale we got ours Cheers
there's never a dull moment with my dad
not having a bit some wine
well that was a nice meal at the Midland
really enjoyed it but I say enjoyed it
but I'm gonna give it like a 6 out of 10
last time I came in I give it a 10 out
of 10 well you're giving it oh look at
this oh look at them by the way I get
called leach because corporate and
couple and then it should be going once
that let me get a weak chug
ah good weekend my friend Noah is what I
look after yourself so after the meal
I totally came home passed out like 11
o'clock and woke up at 5:00 a.m. on
myself I've now got the stiffest neck
ever because I slept song comfortably
there's Ken though hi dad I do
he's got duck night right so they like
how youtubers start doing YouTube they
have like a yuichi voice we've read
before they become themselves my dad
still got a youtube voice my gosh it's
it's yo man hey dude check check this
out that's that so dad's got YouTube us
yes we are twinning it out right now we
look absolutely amazing but this is like
a sneak peek into tomorrow's vlog he
counts you can't check this this vlogs
not even supposed to exist right now
because this isn't today too but yeah
just want to apologize for the vlogs
being late last two days the reason why
the LA is because I've just been asleep
both times the Volks have been ready
uploaded and good to go but through a
potato mode of me being me
fell asleep and de Magna public but I'm
not always a good one played very much
watch and says well you've enjoyed me
chuubo like rain subscribe the weather
is shite and I am now going watching
Batman vs Superman
so you'll see my review of it tomorrow
good bye
