this might be the most overly aggressive
tap I've ever seen in my life here ready
fuck it
oh good morning Weldon wait a minute I
woke up with a dude in my room what the
fuck oh my god what happened last night
golly look at by it is a a.m. I have had
like four and a half hours sleep
don't feel too bad I'm Justin I didn't
get like a hours sleep before we got
eight hours sleep all have been so fresh
for today so we'll just have to see our
today's goes don't let's get outta bed
Organic sure I will sleep so yeah
day two hotel room looks even more like
a bomb site because all of Karl's
birthday presents are in here as well
but it's nearly 9:00 o'clock songul
you're downstairs get some breakfast and
then head to the venue to meet all you
fabulous people
I suppose Dallas stand on the one and
dance still number two I almost got your
own camera slipping over
how you doing Beth Lee boy this is your
main night
this is his main night yes today is the
day he dies I was like who the hell is
wearing a three black dot jump that's
ridiculous than I realized
Brian this is Brian the concentration
levels of his face right now is so dumb
it's you you look fancy also look I got
shit it was an amazingly sunny day
yesterday so parking officer mate pile
of shit no need these sunglasses a guest
ball I want to get though and I want to
go boat in town
let's go boat in they must be like some
Sakai accessed yes otherwise it's just a
foreign ass fucking River
go teams in a good goat easily go okay
Dino good look good look good look okay
good look good look now I'm going back
over there sweaty before and I believe
there's time to let the crowd in holy
shit it's like a swarm of people over
here I guys got a very nice shot very
nice to meet you dude I got a sneak back
in here
good luck my god how you doing boys
you're the first I've already seen this
done this guy this is the crowd of
people are now swarming to say hello
I've got to be one minute though still
at it in the blog right now I'm so close
to being finished like so close this is
James first residents come by the roots
will say thank you clone align yourself
some swag already so we're gonna take
yourself against taste I get really one
right well it's not every day someone
asks for a selfie with what I'm Kara is
a piggyback but here's all the crew the
friends and you as well urine it as well
so all right I'm gonna drop you down now
you ready great two one
there you go put an awesome date my
goodness look at that the funner okay
thank you so much but before you
probably oh I thought we did we doing
the show dude the surgery dupa shout out
by security right now it's supposed to
be somewhere else but everyone h1 all
say hi to the vlog there's so many
people i gosh and now i have to break
your hearts and run away all right I
will find you all today I promise okay I
promise all of you another day another
sneaking on stage real quick just to see
who's here this is this is how many
people as I look at it it goes from I
all the way back there all the way back
there and
all the way back there there are things
like 3000 people so you're on the main
stage throw some swag out again that's
pretty good here yesterday and it was
all sunny and nice now it's wet rainy
and it just miserable as shit what a
change of atmosphere behind the scene
what not quite seamless this year you
have a look at that that is donating
same for swag rip shut for Bobby you
guys been around Thomson they can I'm a
really big fan I'll tell the kids that I
love you and I want to have your
children with castles bottom I'll see
you all over hustler you can actually
just want this go fuck yourself
oh where do I get what do I get one
sorry that was the weirdest thing ever
there's a few people in go out of ten
now yeah I'm quit you to take to go gosh
see you a minute
oh yeah I did not just miss them
these this is what it's about some right
this is something does all the amazing
artwork as well look at this right but
we want look at that
sound this is ridiculously good I I love
this guy right I'll get some stuff
immersed and yeah I got this t-shirt
okay I'm gonna go down and give you one
of everything this might be the absolute
shit out and then thank you very much
son and then Darcy how do you do oh it
gets so exactly looking hook it's so
exciting when I get to do all these
people Darcy is an absolute legend and
she's prefer like when's my night season
three so I could draw more funner it's
coming I swear okay so I like brought
Darcy and Sam because we were like yeah
yeah don't worry
oh go hook you guys up with some free
swaggins and some lunch and stuff I
don't know where the security had such
the tea he said this was supposed to be
a shortcut a safe way but like I think
we're actually getting like a snoring
off the premises this has been a
long-ass June I don't trust anything
anymore
look at this feels right now we have a
group more come on family Google glass
look at this this is what the artist
rating is about Kiwi everyone like that
you need to be out in England event so
we can meet young thank you
all that just sneaking through and
sneaking through and sneaking through
and look at the security escort Harry
Potter as well and Darcy everyone really
go try to get some swag by making our
way to sitting do they I've seen
everyone in Michael syndicate t-shirt
sport
not to stop to the wise will cause a
write up the chaos is so real I say
hello to the blog you're inviting all
these people here queuing up to say
hello and stuff oh hello okay and
they're like these guys are going crazy
Alice is about foster fucking brains or
something Darcy we got you swagged out
hurry we got you swagged out yet yeah Oh
raise the swag draw as well they're nice
add some we're soaring you out with some
paralysis doing it so good still so I
keep me in France from everywhere we got
Conor his mom right and Lucas the best
friend we've gone all the way from Rome
where is Gibraltar I thought it was kind
of spit listen I don't know where Wales
is in a certain direction so don't know
but as you say thank you very much for
coming all the way over here you know
walking beside some swag there you guys
husband I'm telling you this right now
this man is going to be a future
politician drop in lyrical madness by
dan bull ain't gonna be a star you ready
yeah alright make it up and friend we
got responsibilities to do right now
make it happen okay close the poster
limited edition t-shirt
okay what's under this one another shirt
some gifts what you got these frames
this as well
a Juggernog sure on and yourself okay
you deserve a high five right there give
it up so do you that is absolutely
ridiculous you guys are insane
second standing session of the day John
this chap thank you very much for curing
your totally did not sneak in the line
at all to get here this bar give me high
five whatever what I just tried to do as
a handshake thank you very much
appreciate the signing done time for an
interview with the BBC just wrapped up
with interview could your boys no thank
you very much oh wait we are my online
now throw you the ball come on hey Mike
hey listen this might be my favorite
only wells pressure line now am I the
only one suppose you know pretty much
that's disappoints me come on
not my favorite wealth person thanks
buddy yeah yeah hey look on that
pewdiepie I mean I'm a cool can I mean
van us wait a minute gaming lemon okay
sorry my biggest fan
over anyone like the one white guy you
go for the black guy okay yeah totally
is there any way could see you again
dude yeah we almost touched it we almost
touched tips when he walked out the
toilet I was sexy I'm in the press room
with you I found I'll shut up shall we
Oh Joel random dude right up here behind
me astray bit and naked terrorize right
now show us shows is like take off your
3bd jumper what have you got underneath
sold out baby
hahaha he's so long Stewart just
sneaking around behind the scene yeah
from A to B without cars and chaos it's
fucking freezing down a month long and
day two is done look at that finish the
stands all finished accurate man thank
you very much Trevor Bester not a
Voyager we're just to see if I could
sneak away from you I had you a bad job
of it and then there but good day time
to go home shower and get River time I
have to say do make a wish is a cool
thing and Harry it's been a pleasure to
be able to try and make you wish even
though you wait to meet me which is a
massive waste to a wish but nonetheless
dude
factory good health now and throwing
Univ like we hooked him up with a bunch
of swipe there you can how you got on
with your life being like that was a
huge waste of time meeting Tom I had the
most sickening hat
feeling ever I was like lay down in the
room and I've wronged we just chat about
how the day when I was like yeah get my
laptop I'll try and sell things out
because my blacktop actually is dead
I've lost the adapter to make it so I
can charge it so my laptop's fucking
dead the vlogs not still up it two hours
late I feel fucking terrible right now
I hate ever the vlog like nice day to
let the night begin here it's styled
cheer today I was proud robots dropped
and we have eaten food we've got our
first drink another so we've got is now
join us thank you very much you guys
girlfriend is not Lucy thanks for
joining us and the team is ready to get
your turn oh he got it
are you ready yeah this is it
I was like what the fuck is going on and
I thought that was genuinely two people
walking across the road not drunk just
to fucking dogs get a size of them me
they're massive you're like fucking cars
we have made it my people are calling me
the alcohol needs me yes made it
random dude who gave me a beer fall up
here thank you very much
she came to the table to suck table the
start able to start a hotel as I just
know it's this special guest our side
that I was 28 was pretty calm number
four now kill me go on come on now what
is that
what was that you're putting on a fresh
underbrush you're taking forever
come on the chaos is beginning oh my god
these are all the people who are on the
team we've got going on in the room look
how big it is
just like dodging paper aeroplanes left
right and center
everyone just flying them ever look look
at the floor there's paper aeroplanes
absolutely everywhere that looks like
your way into a school and shit just got
let the teacher walked out for half an
hour my planes are awesome this this
shit know what's going dude someone's
gonna lose a fucking either Oh God
things escalated even more bad stuff
thank you so much fuck to being an
absolutely bad influence of the youth of
today ladies and gentlemen three also a
massive chest
Doublemint sound felt that way drinking
fucking drinking a shot a bitch
what was my brand fuckin related to you
pussy holy shit holy fuck he said yeah
this is why
ah
I am
since she was now
I
everybody
let it go
yes
okay so this consists of two the boogie
earth result of art and we're adding the
main grades of one two three four five
six seven one two three four five six
seven seven by whatever the for Kevin a
game oh my mother of fuck are happy boy
happy birthday bro
two really bad decisions and fucking
show down the fucking house
go cheers boys and girls yes good
so many times
the music's better bad
Wow whoa thank you can put it on so shit
fucking go ahead okay pop okay we good
you should've somehow realized what you
gotta do I don't believe in anybody
beautify I do about you care somehow
realized what you gotta do
well well well this is what it looks
like when the pop quiz gets absolutely
kicked out a bunch of people no chairs
no tables are all getting collapsed what
people are one at a time surviving are
dying so we're trying okay we go we
drink again it was at this moment we
knew we fucked up we've just ordered to
158 mums because we thought it was a
good night a seemed like a really good
idea of the time we'll do beer trains so
we need to do again you're trying to
swim or train Tom Hardy bed now I'll
show you what you really get out which
is Jager yes yes we write as everyone
got a shot got shot but train
splintering all right this Tiger Yaga
trend this is exactly your split road no
the trains we get shot a shot
Oh
hey let this be the best fucking yoga
train has ever fucking existed there
welcome to go go go that's about the
best shot you can do this come on
oh god this is neck-and-neck oh I like
this yeah yeah yeah yeah
neck's it kill it we're wheel to
thinking ahead to finger player go go go
go
oh wait your hands go come on they're
over there
go go go go go go this is a shot a shot
this is a shot this is a shot Oh
sergeant no come on you speed up the
beating of the rain either going to be
you know yes yes yes yes or Nikki right
Nikki that nickname go go go go tied
tied dr. o you betta go go go go when
you go you go you go down you behind you
behind you behind you nose was away from
his mother beat them oh shit oh shit oh
shit
oh no the belongs great go let's go go
Oh keep going yeah oh gosh guys watch
guys this guy definitely aside nice yes
even afternoon yeah yeah hey I said
tonight I'm getting killed because the
pop quiz ha ha
high 57 insomnia is the best game it's
ridiculous you've always looked up to me
oh those look after you guys always good
do is get great ahead folks we die I
don't know what Phil is I wish bill was
here right now hey game over it come in
to good people organizing a good event
the fact that he still recognize in his
head you got like this winning a gavones
behind us but this is why I came in meat
funds until Saturday night I'm gonna die
we need to put your heels going this man
oh hi 58 on exhibition itself can be
done to yourself
Easter nothing Rizzo and Tom gone what
have you done to yourself - oh yeah
again seriously with the ha ha ha 100
seriously dude sir sundered legends
uttered legend say star legend sort of
holy shit that was really good
holy oh that was tight we never I'm
going to yo in worship we definitely had
the best diet possible Alice right
you're like why might have the best out
possible - hey girl
oh please always try the best that
possible yes I fucking down I'm pale ale
intolerable and I got ahead I was ahead
on the fuck India wise side with the
best night possible because the most
money I'm a motherfucking shit night
neither wait Alice justice Alice you're
gonna score on the fucking stairs oh
yeah that's great that's why she's doing
week doing about an amazing night
honest to god really enjoyed it I go to
bed make sure to LIKE and subscribe and
until then item I will steal me a lot
put some water in me self you want to
get my over right we go just you me I
love him I'll deal with him we fought to
the end and I'm dying look at is wavy
and uh uh what's your name
know your name Holly what do you do what
do you do what do I do
how she what do you do for a job
obviously I play lay bones and
occasional he's right this is like be
totally every I'm dragging Alice yeah
you surviving push I'm little brother
okay the best things new just gave up
now
thanks I'm team syndicate
No
oh my god disapproves hotel it's got
support either way we my bad you love
you guys city Curie Jones killed it see
you guys tomorrow at love you and
goodbye something mean up I'm gonna bed
everyone's go to bed I'll see you guys
tomorrow next vlog goodbye we're gonna
play Nucky to runner I'm run away
I hit it not on the record while some
edit in this the person's door that we
knocked on was their door we don't do it
to other random strangers to this month
we were just trying to annoy them just
so you guys know Oh I said I'd pick out
of dough but I think I turns up it's
like I have your free time like I can we
pay he's like now I'm a goood she's
dying they're dying I'm dying ever
attended and he's watching this you guys
are fucking awesome he's unreal you took
it to another level it was a fucking
green it was you took me to another
level in the fact that it was just
unbelievable honestly and you ever
joined us at our table did Jacob on dude
we danced raved and pine a fucking
octets up on is a insane so guess what
first of all we're going to bed we love
you guys you're awesome we voted like
100 pounds with food we're going to bed
I love you and goodnight
