the power of Christ compels the
protector with anything it feels good to
remove the potato within breakfast time
water up top on the rooftop getting some
Sun because we've only got an hour
before I have to go to a meeting so it
could be quick today it'll be quick if
you did see that time that is 150 - 150
- in the afternoon I only just go see I
set my alarm for you know half-past ten
but there's a thing called a snooze
button and then you can turn off the
alarm
which is a really bad thing and I did
that so now that's why I'm awake right
now you have to come up here and see
anyone else yesterday someone left a hat
there Oh someone's been up there but no
I've never never quite bumped into an
arm it's like my own private domain I
love it I've received a package
expecting anything like usual so it's
probably of raisable I'm gonna open that
when I get back
I have faith in dogs hanging out of
windows weak but that dog is leaning Oh
tip we've been following this cow for
the past like 30 seconds and that dog
looks like he's ready to bounce
I hope to god that this guy's not gonna
fall on the highway oh my god it's just
an eagle is it a lek I mean out that
yeah too late oh my god this is just
good it this is a recipe for disaster
hey you know what you better give the
ten seconds to me of your car crash now
cuz I lost all that footage exactly so
10-second summary or 15 seconds from
your car so this lady I don't know in
time I know she'll a shit all
blacked-out windows are seven is she
driving like a fairly new
four-wheeler yeah I'm in the left lane
here right here yeah
and she's coming up on the opposite you
know on traffic doing some illegal shit
and I can say there's this much room
between me in the car yeah she bounces
and Fermi like pop I hit her fairly like
that and she goes absolutely fucking
bonkers she dumps out of her car lady
we haven't even got another fucking car
like you mean calm down I'm like well
yeah calm down like there's no reason to
go like crazy right now I can have
insurance and then what happened then a
homeless man with no shoes comes up like
I saw the whole thing
this fucker was trying to hit you he
raised his hands I was like I raised my
hands but not to hit her just be like
crazy
he's like oh don't again road rage
basically more of the story kids is
don't do drugs don't do drugs sorry
there's an extension to the story that
Luke just told me that happened and then
that was all done and then you got a hit
into again and then two days later Lavin
was technically my fault
again she flopped in front of me yeah
that was your fault but then someone hit
you yeah I was in Santa Monica Boulevard
haven't been hit in LA like six years
yeah and the guy was just looking down
his phone and just popping I was like
huh so uh yeah I'm just gonna get out
the counter Thanks meeting time you guys
are not allowed in secret shit secret
secret shit this is what I wanted to
show you guys last time holy crap this
is awesome yes
wait weak what are you doing walk in
their office you know you like it
you're like a lost dog but that is
absolutely epic this is what I try to
show you guys last time no dope yo
something's made me feel like we've
stepped up a notch wise we've got water
waiting for us on our desks it's dope
this tables fucking incredible
is it me not like a wing yeah it's the
wind on it super secret shit going on
right here what is happening all right
we turned off and I noticed this from
the get-go I think it requires money no
how many money no oh it's free I hope
this works you see can you see anything
can you see I don't know if you guys
could see anything I'm spying on some
people like a hundred million miles away
this totally was a bad idea didn't work
oh yeah look at that booty in their
pants oh yeah penis itself I told it
just looks so fucking random I need to
go there one day
of course we're stuck in
traffic one I want to believe you're
going to survive and not die but I just
don't have faith in you but either way
let's take a look what we got in the box
aha okay it is razor and would you look
at this because I broke my last headset
raised it was like you know what tongue
you know what is broken so we'll hook
you up fight style we've got one DJ
Darrow
but shooting arrows that is what I'm
talking about man every time I get a
mystery package I always know now it's
from razor and it's just like christmas
came early now you see me hangin out
with Luke we're going hanging out with
the brother now called Hank and
discussing that film that we're making
did the energy we have when we're
together only nude oh wait what so we
just fight their rabbit happens paid
this is the this is time from the wasp
person time okay okay okay well we get
our free my first camera nice mate this
is why I need you around more often look
at this Luke just takes me for in and
out or some shit like that and you me
fucking date that recurring Oh
fist bump real this book yes you know
this place isn't fucking around
hey what's this called again smooth it
samosa look bomb I don't even like
samosas analyzed Moses it is it yeah I
don't know I'm not keen on I'll try it
this block a mole is she whatever this
is not good
and this this this is great oh my god I
got a goddamn lamp Campania look at the
juice on that then what you get oh let's
go curry I do dude I swear to god does
that not look like fucking on those
right
it's great for your soup life whoops
well that's your fault that there's
condensation on the roof so listen Hank
there just happened to be condensation
on your rooftop sorry I'm here we see
exhibit a I mean be perfection like
anything but look in the right light
it's everything you need
Oh Teddy we got the good stuff and yes
you can put in my fridge in I'll stay
there like Luke bought himself like a
crate of something and it's still in my
apartment since the day I moved in so
bring home your bacon we just pull out
all this there's one Nutella these are
all in my pants by the way - Nutella
Nutella and last but not least four
Nutella all them nuts in my pants are
you stealing my water are you stealing
my get out my opponent yellow yeah
cheeky might make you all night you're
cheeky I'm not sure why it is but I
always end up just looking like a potato
and like the summer potato his Tom's
hair looks like this I am kicking back
on the sofa just just relaxing and I'm
watching Forrest Gump spoiler it's kind
of at the end so far as Gump has a plot
twist of actually first-come has many
pop twists in twists twists in his life
but either way I'm just kicking back
watching some Forrest Gump and today has
been awesome worked on a bunch of crazy
awesome shit and it's just nice to relax
because on March 11th when I'm gonna
start traveling a lot more everything's
gonna get crazy so it's really nice to
just kick back
as much as I love curry oil based foods
and me
don't mix whatsoever so tomorrow is
gonna be great
now do the vlog do today talking about
snowboard and how I can't go for three
weeks and all that but I didn't quite
explain why I'm sorry but I almost a
mystic clip or something because
basically I go to mount high it's an
hour and a half way really close to me
to go snowboard and that's what I was
really getting into and I was hoping
whilst I was here to rent a car or buy a
car like like I was doing and just keep
going back and forth to snowboarding I
was potentially even gonna stay it like
a lodge there and stay for a few days or
like a week or something and just get
really really really really good at
snowboarding and get some amazing
footage for you guys but I got an email
from my hand like the resort saying
there are close to three weeks because
they've got no snow the temperatures are
so warm that all the snow on the
mountain has like pretty much just
melted even though half of it is fake
snow even the real snow on the top has
just gone but sure that means yeah I
just can't go snowboard and that's why I
said I'd go out to Utah shonduras
and he actually text me today and we got
talking and he's welcomed me back out as
an invite to go and hang out with him so
we may be going back to Utah soon and to
everyone I met as fans in Taco Bell I
might see your faces again soon maybe
another Meetup I'm doing it actually
doing it I'm committing to watching
Marvel's agents of shield I've never
seen it so I'm committing to it even my
mom watching his next show and I've just
never decided to get into it because I
thought it was too cheesy or it might be
like really shit but since I'm watching
Avengers Assemble the actual animated
show I thought why not just give this a
try so I'm gonna give it a go you guys
recommended it quite a while back when I
was like please leave some comments down
down below of like Netflix show so
thanks for recommendations mom I'm
watching this basically because of you I
love your face and here goes my social
life by watching all two seasons in one
week guess it's fair to say on that note
thank you very much for watching today's
vlog if you enjoyed it make sure you
leave like right and subscribe and I
will see you guys whenever I wake from
being a potato I love you guys faces and
decades your organization stay good boy
