shut it
sir it's a new door in the world of Tom
good morning Borah high five good
morning Alice my face good morning Eddie
why is it blurry how you doing
ah goodbye dad hey no Gillian ship at
you you know what piss off you're barred
your body Barda tell you say it oh
nothing yeah yeah oh that's what talk
about you'd said that with your chicken
thank you
I'll call you chicken that's only for
one person one person only all right
we're going house look after your fuck
itself okay don't fucking burn down
awesome gone that is pretty much the
worst case fucking scenario huh mmm yeah
it's great fucking weather in England
goodbye house wait crew how you feeling
anticipations for two this weekend go oh
wow I was so good on camera what your
anticipation for this weekend okay India
anticipations for this weekend I fucking
hate you electic no I did not just hit
your mother like Oh
so alice is clearly failed at the first
hurdle literally literally first fucking
hood what are you doing
did you stuff like there just show me
your ticket you twice I see the white
women in the wild
oh they're arguing they're arguing over
what size latte they want would you be
surprised that I told you that in a way
am i shorter mine successfully chocolate
milk four dice but bacon bagel called
hot chocolate basically oh you look
great make every day whichever pocket
Jose your engagement ring oh my God look
at oh my gosh will you inger alert your
eyes most these t-shirt
I mean jumpers Oh Margot wait where's it
it's there got it
wait so hey it's Mel together I'm taking
photos smile technical wait wait wait
hurry up take it off because I called
hurry up
you show you one of a lot Alice
no I'm goat are someone like you have a
bomb on that but that's my smile when I
dance we don't
I just filming a video my cars here we
observe the women graffiti anon one
another yes lick me we've made it to
Birmingham oh my god damn bad no
Birmingham man it's a Birmingham so
we're here at Birmingham where we may
need the tickets to escape but I don't
think so because we're in Birmingham oh
yeah we need tickets to get out great Oh
welcome to the neck welcome to the neck
India
welcome yes ba bum bum BA bum bum
Alice you bang in the way holes 1 2 3 &
oh wait I don't even get interview it
yeah making fun of you one sec smile no
I'm not doing the video he goes to hang
on I'm sure I know this guy yeah I know
that guy look at him he's purple hair do
me a favor you do me a favor and just
arrest both of them throw them in a van
walk away the keys and that's it like I
know right look look she's running to
every single water point I'm aware it's
me India is running to every single one
I'm doing that she's run to every single
one she seemed like six of them and
pointed out the fact that it's me I'm
aware thank you appreciate the
appreciate that well thank you all right
here's the tour to find the booth when
you come through the front door you turn
around there you got a boat to your
right and a top gear experience to your
left you keep walking straight forward
like this you'll find a razor so this is
razor i'll swagged out beautiful
beautiful even though there's nothing
here to share but if you go this way
pass the top gear thing and to your
right hand side having this extended
we've got all this section here and then
we've got the syndicate original booth
which is looking mad god damn fine Evan
it
honestly fucking beautiful look at this
which I look at this dude we got the
Royal design print nothing big and oh my
god the detail is amazing oh my god it's
like a fabric like it's so fucking nice
so yeah super stoked with this and
that's where you can find so top gear
thing we're right next to it come and
say hi Nick
I literally Nick the dings on your block
come on yeah
well for the yogscast and and also the
most petrifying thing in the world war i
love the hat films but knocking tears it
like this is like literally that when
you find the boot your face everyone's
screen shy and like meme it like when
you find the booty and just we I am
fucking about these dudes cannot wait to
get drawn with them have to give it to
game that is one of the most amazing
booths ever look at we've got like a
whole rock face to it like that isn't
the razor bus this time it's a game a
bus which is really cool but you got
like fly station over that which is got
a massive standing your Xbox which you
get kind of smaller stuns this one looks
really damn good like really really damn
good but then like game takes the
biscuit man look at this fucking room
like a rock face like this is just so
fucking wicked I'm just wandering around
looking for random shit there's actually
some really walking distance from there
to the next area so I thought I was
gonna do is I was gonna bring scooters
security probably tell us off but not
them like hoverboards know that because
everyone's getting pissed off for them I
sure but genuine like push scooter so I
might like Amazon delivery to my hotel
so I can just fucking bum around and get
from A to B like super quick
the plan is real all right I worked out
that's eSports like cod UE Lee legends
that sort of stuff this is purely half
stone tournament because like that's
like the main event here you've got the
bar you've got food and then all than
like tables that go up it wraps all the
way around there that's all bring her on
the computer there's 1800 people and
then this is the main stage so yeah look
at distance mate the convenience for the
bar to bring your own computers really
if I brought my own computer I had to
get in so god damn drum every day and
I'd be like great food so I could
recover so quick but like if I had a
scooter look just walk is perfect for it
I just go
so Amazon Prime you better get ready
because I am ordering four of
for me about five five of them for me my
sister Alice India and my mom so yeah it
should be fucking wicked not exactly too
sure what these colorful food is over
here bud hey this is where it all goes
wrong we're attempting to me I don't
know how far we're moving it back I
think only like an inch but they're
trying to move well yes well okay still
an inch but you're attempting to move
this back oh my god Laura I'm moving it
damn Daniel
wait oh my gosh Oh from this side it
like it was gonna fall holy shit
but where we supposed to be taking it
wait to that oh damn we're gaining room
oh man okay okay
chaos massive shards Asus thank you very
much for your one upload one download
internet team thanks appreciate a lot
just wait to say that Gareth wherever it
is appreciated thank you needed that a
lot this is what I like to see progress
the progress is looking pretty good we
got the board's up everything's looking
mighty mighty fine next photobombing as
usual Nick just keeps being Nick Nick
the dentist
okay oh yeah this looks absolutely
beautiful like good job mom
good job Paula good job good job not
even kidding yeah I legitimately fell
asleep on the floor I like laid down
listen to music and fall on fall asleep
and now there's two tentacles so okay
here it is the creme de la creme Karen
space and also the booth
looking very tasty Evan you should be
very proud of yourself my good friend it
looks so damn good you killed it buddy
you killed it so we're going to the
hotel come on kids we're going to the
Genting hotel the genitalia are we found
the team nice sure has jumper nice
jumper nice trip nice jump back what is
this cider
no really looking forward to doing the
hotel review of this I went from like
having a double bed which ended up being
your guy's bed so now to a single bed
which is kind of like Nair ball this
place is so fancy
yo insomnia thanks for hooking it up I
can't believe we're staying in a hotel
here and then we've got like just shops
galore down here then shops down here
but this place has a swimming pool a spa
and all sorts of stuff I love it
Alice there's a Daniel store here look
Daniel store the squad has now made it
to correct press excited excited excited
to eat what the fuck I was gonna phone a
friend but I'm asking the audience so we
need to leave a comment down below know
they will respond tomorrow what's the
one word to use to describe Italian food
mine is Mac that is it Annette that is
it
no wait words that's the sound effects
another word so mine's Matt but I love
one thing in particular I'm a ham up
shows my favorite food but the rest of
it may well ask for a large drink and
holy shit as large and team house you go
for it I like how my mum is coloring in
these stickers and handing them out so I
got I got first aka number one child but
apparently Alice wasn't planned as a kid
she was a mistake I got her and I and I
wasn't such great oh shit that was fast
food I decided to get in entirely and no
I didn't have much to get an American
American heart I'm kind of disappointed
by the size of the pepperoni like okay
tastes good it's kind of small to be
honest the last time I ever finished the
beats it was like years ago and I just
absolutely demolished that full thing
what you're doing kids waited come on
mine stuff I didn't even touch that just
to eat that beats it
oh wait let me check my lions
my lions chilling with it's crazy boys
want to go back there no so I'm gonna go
grab that Bush oh wow okay we see where
your Lawrence is like you know where you
going alone
I guess so dust food wood dust food with
dust nothing majestic boots yah godello
and we share the good Oh believe it I
got a fine chin
hey what's this uh what ever put you in
fun a parent rect ah anyway we're going
in doesn't like a pear tip good pair
tips in here has he got it anyway we're
going to the hotel bar now that's it
we're just chilling back not crazy night
touch Keep Calm keep some book
Genting though that's it dude we're now
in the world's bar drinking a beer from
around the world this is from Germany
tastes kinda funky
love you love you mom my play well
Cinemark to be a long long day day would
have been somebody begins could I fall
I'm Nick join this honey
Nick's grade what the fuck is going on
we got in there and that is women where
we avoid getting in a lift full of like
a bunch of like hot chicks like I don't
care whatever we avoid getting in a lift
with like nine like some what were
good-looking girls alright so we went to
get in there I'll be invited because we
were like now we don't want no fucking
bitches mouthing off or anything like
that and then and then out the blue we
were like oh no we find we're getting
into the lid cutting this little list
and it's like I don't think so
give a key chef so next weird series of
events of shit that just happened to
randomly go down he's gone this list and
we were talking to him this one was like
I spent more money up at that bar then
he the guy worked there as it his entire
life and I was like I was like what the
fuck is going on
shit was just escalating like a
motherfucker so we ditched her on a
random floor and I went up at UK fifty
thousand six even saying Rob to insomnia
57 oh then go on hyung leg runway okey
hive is I tagged in I now find a car key
walk in a straight line oh my god fucked
up
he was repulsive maybe pussy fell a
little bit no no for the record I
totally passed out when I got in last
night wasn't drunk wasn't anything just
god damn tired how about eight and a
half hours sleep I'm feeling good I'm
feeling fresh I'll do a hotel room of
Utah tomorrow because there's a plot
twist with it but
to say is it's very good but I'm going
stand a while have insomnia now so it's
time to meet literally thousands of you
people so I'm looking forward to it
thanks for watching make sure you leave
a like rating these sunglasses a fucking
dope and I'll see you guys tomorrow for
my next video subscribe adios
