okay so many of you are gonna be like
Tom this this doesn't look like a daily
vlog cuz you're right it's not a daily
vlog but because I went from America to
England are basically skipped a day
because their time zones and traveling
and all that shenanigans so this is a
mini vlog just to show you guys by the
behind the scenes of i-57 presented by
Karen aka my mom
so Karen what is i-57 explained to the
people at home what they can expect to
see Tom syndicate yeah top in the bill
yeah syndicate original this is them
with the top quality branded okay so
okay all the team from Cindy Kirschner
let me seem to cook myself okay okay so
that's the guy who's gonna install a
copy but we're gonna have all the people
off after you've been done telling up so
this is the stand we're open every day
from what time to what time
what I'm 11 till 6 from LA tomorrow 1111
till 6 every single day so if you're
writing something you gotta check this
out and now I'm gonna show you where you
can find it so that's a stun round there
then this is razor I'm gonna show you a
tour walking from the front door okay
we're an insomnia gaming festival
exhibition hall one and I'm gonna show
you you walk in this way hello good sir
you walk in this way and I'm gonna give
you like a mini tour look at this cap so
fresh
many just planted but I gonna show you
where you can find syndicate original
there's a pirate ship that looks pretty
cool I've kind of already done this tour
on tomorrow's vlog but I'm showing you
now just because in case you're watching
it
you'll be insomnia right now so there's
rays that hello you take a left near the
top gear thing keep walking keep walking
keep walking keep walking and then to
your right there is City original and
there is Nick what
go fuck yourself what what's that what
are you saying nigga dick Judah dick of
Knicks Nick no the swag this fucking
bastard Nick you nickel oh I would have
caught that as well leave us leave our
merchant that you bastard
the people need these you you did you
so yeah that's Nick not Nick the dick
anywheres just Nick or I was sticking
with Nick okay Nick from rays how you
doing we don't have a buzz this a buzz
Marama from fucking all them without the
boss this time we've got all this so we
need to clear all this out so they can
lay the rest of the cabbie that's what
we're getting told off for well this is
the stand you can check it all out I'm
hopefully oh okay this is why our
company is the best please crash please
fetch please crash Tommy very nice and
this is our team we have we have four
this is this is key also India's mom and
this look at this the owner of the
entire event high-five are you good my
boom just like that so this weekend I
hope to see as many as you as possible
I 57 if you're gonna be here gonna make
my mama extremely happy and the gang all
extremely happy so yeah I'm gonna be on
the stage pretty much every day you know
for the opening ceremony for eyes 57
again if you're not here you missed out
we didn't tell you guys for a long time
tickets were on sale and I'm pretty sure
they actually sold out so you couldn't
get any extra tickets even if you tried
so yeah gonna be here for the three days
then I'm gonna be going back up to
Manchester to hang out with the homies
which should be awesome it's gonna be
crazy or three days of meeting you guys
nothing but fun me ups and family ups so
this way you'd be able to buy all the
syndicate swag like we got the new soft
t-shirt we've got the 80s t-shirts
amazing but then more importantly we've
got this it was called the flavor design
but I changed it to origins one because
there's a zombie map called origins and
to look at how good this design looks
this right now is the jumper so it's
like a full sleeve for the print on the
side but then there's also good weight
I'm gonna get naked for you guys watch
this well I say mate can I just be like
someone dressed so you guys can pick
these all up a bunch of this like this
is gonna be exclusive just for I 50 7
for the launch like they won't go on
sale on the website for like I think
like a week or something like that so if
you hear you'll be able to pick you up
for the first time ever a much sexual
spot so yeah so this wasn't a proper
blog like I said but it's just with the
traveling forward there wasn't a chance
I could get today's vlog done in time
tomorrow we'll be back on trap
everything will be perfect and you'll
see all the behind the scenes of this
already and yes thank you very much for
watching this means I'm still daily
vlogging I haven't missed a day yeah a
part for might say traveling or just
being ill or something but haven't
missed a day I think we're doing really
strong like nearly seven months of daily
vlogging and
yeah this is what it all comes down to
you'll see in the next few vlogs for the
next few days this is what it's about
going to gaming events and meeting you
guys and I just doing meet-and-greets
this is where The Syndicate original
booth will be bought like I'll be here
but I'll be at that wall there that's
like the photo wall and I've been doing
nothing but taking photos signing stuff
with you guys all day and it's gonna be
fucking awesome so thank you very much
for watching I love you guys face this
make sure you like rate and subscribe
and I'll see you guys tomorrow for the
next every video and don't forget
another thing if you haven't yet seen
the secret video I did within video
click the link down in the description
appreciated video sponsor and it was an
amazing skydive opportunity that managed
to do check it out link will be there
and yeah go watch it what this book am I
even looking at either yep this is
perfect and I'm dying
