oh no no I've just woke up and my
blondes dad didn't have to happen like
this I was trying to save you I was
giving you water every single day now
you just like a dry pickle about
father well goodbye apartment I will see
you in three weeks time when I return
and until then you're just going to stay
ridiculously messy like the Camco before
there's tiles on the floor and we're bad
is there some what me but it has been a
pleasure I love you when I back I think
we might be having a new PC in the setup
was it so let's say goodbye to that as
well
goodbye self look at yourself okay
through security I think I'm gonna go
and get some food at the airport lounge
usually it's some trick downcast food so
let's go check it out god damn it's
busier than last time
last time I was here was completely
empty alright alright alright what's on
the menu
we got mac and cheese we got something
we got I think we've run out Kerry
either way it is beautiful selection
food you got all that you got all your
fruits well Mick gigantic
carrots and an apple with a stick net no
one's down here was Tony I was done it
drinks fruit chocolate yes now
because I file a British hours all the
time I'm in silver Club member so that
means I get to come in here just enjoy
the food and Oliver is free effectively
you pay for it by like get all the
flights or the same airline but if you
do all the same price the airline get
chocolate brownies four-course meals for
free so hmm
I can't complain I want to know the
rules for like how long you can actually
stay in here talk was like say you've
got like a 12 hour delay between the
fire yeah sure you can do that but like
let's say if you gave in here and
purposely missed every single fly it was
like almost beds out there you can sleep
on this showers in here you can use and
there's food every day for free here
they can eat you could be homeless at an
airport too sure how I managed this one
bought I think I booked the wrong flight
now don't worry I'm still going to
England which is great but I usually
only ever try and fly with British
Airways and I just heard the
announcement for my flight but saying
it's with American Airlines which is a
don't know line for flying this amount
of distance so I'm even gonna be really
happy when I get on the plane I'm gonna
be severely disappointed let's wait and
see oh my gosh this guy's got all the
swag
wait but in fact this guy's got all swag
now Heights definitely this guy that is
what you call improve security right
there putting people on segways I saw
people riding past on my bicycles I'd be
well pissed off if I got put on a
bicycle I'd be like bitch where's my
Segway ladies and gentlemans finally
he'd remember that secret project that I
was out filming I could tell you
anything about nets completely skip it
the day I went to the gun range well I
was hanging around with NVIDIA and
lootcrate all day to photos it
absolutely amazing the clip is gonna
play now
so that's just a teaser of what went
down if you guys want to see the full
video there be a link down description
to be able to go check out I went
skydiving with two Red Bull athletes and
teams who won the lootcrate mega crate
like worth thousands of dollars and it's
got a bunch of in video swag in it loot
crate swag in it and I just wanna say a
massive thank you to them to companies
for sponsoring this video to making that
happen and basically just sponsoring the
awesome opportunity of me being able to
throw myself out of a plane and if in
your comment you decide to leave your
Twitter handle I may be picking some
people to give away some loot crate's to
so if you wanna win one of them and get
comment in get over to the video and
I'll find you guys there
personally I hardly ever read books and
I'm making a decision to buy this book
it says smarter faster better
potentially try and read it all on the
plane and also which I'll look at that
well I just missed that one they just
call my name out so that's gonna be
interesting to find out if I've got a
flight but I have a book a magazine and
a lot of snacks and watch the rather
excited to read a book I'm if there's
any films on the plane I've definitely
watch the book I really wanted to keep
myself more like this year I've learned
to snowboard
I'm learning to skydive I'm gonna learn
to fly a helicopter bought on business
aspect of things I really really really
want to just like broaden my horizons
with things things are going well but I
want to do it like tenfold like smart or
even smart or investments and all that
sort so yeah I might teach you guys a
few of the things that I've got up to so
far that I paid up really well for me
like really well but we'll see we'll see
I was like strolling going shopping
going for the toilet and stuff like that
then everyone's already boarding I'm the
last person to get on the plane luckily
obviously I have a reserved seat so it's
not like it's going anywhere
I'm not last person to get on
the plane oh there's my pocket
literally I said they would call out my
name born
know what for but anyway think a walk
down few more steps I might have made it
yeah I'm fine the British Airways plane
and I'm flying on me oh my gosh this is
the this is the same plane that flies me
from London to here so it's good to be
back on it's a good point
did I say that that means it's got all
the swag like HDTVs USB cable ports and
all that unless they've named another
plane leaf and it sucks and I
just like started retracting it and they
didn't know I was on it I'm just like oh
let's not let's not jinx it I'm playing
luckily no that's what I'm I'm not
holding his back for either way 12-hour
flight let's go
12-hour flight stickers boarding as
complete as quite times five hours 50
minutes I was upset for five years for
next time away till next time
the record I went back watching Creed
the day perfect for our food I am dogs
wait let me get it oh my gosh relative
steak yes
this was so good last time yeah
lastly this RIT yeah it was actually
really really good well the lovely
weather in England amazing she has a
selfie stick I am hoping that this
security check line does not take too
long to get through if you're wondering
why it's cuz I need to prove I told just
said that near that scary guy and he was
like I was like yeah okay so London was
completely change their security system
now there's two new escalators that I've
been installed because when you usually
go up here it takes you about an hour to
get through I always complain about it
but now apparently they've installed new
ones for normal people and then this one
for like business class and fast pass so
I hope he gets quick the anticipation is
killing me also nice shoes okay that was
fast
it took me not even five minutes to get
through security I cannot complain
London Heathrow I now love your airport
system thank you unfortunately this time
around the airport lounge for British
Airways I don't have time for shower
I've only got about 20 minutes before my
flight so I'm in here getting drunk
getting a pastry and then getting on a
flight back to Manchester I'm tired this
is what I feel no I feel like there's
miles getting eaten by yet like ah on
the plane I got a free toothbrush
usually I just don't buy off like a
pounder sort of thing but I'm gonna try
and use this which looks like it's going
to shred my gums and this is the size of
the toothpaste dispenser of girls so I'm
going to try and attempt this work oh my
gosh look at this this glass table was
made for me
look at that don't even know what I put
it on I'm probably putting on ballsack
hitching cream to my teeth rather than
that but uh wish me look this is going
to her oh god oh
but yep that is one hell of a bristle
brush and get a pastry and run away in
style
I've got a feeling this hot chocolate is
I'm going to taste too good so let's
give it a review British Airways large
chocolate that had to press the button
twice to pump out that's going to get
with a hot a little bit it's medium warm
you ready
I just brush my teeth as well so this is
an unfair review try again
Jackie because a solid eight now as
livable was on holiday again this was
all great book for the weather I get a
one out of ten that is absolutely
disgusting there's no way the chances of
this make sense but when I flew out to
LA just recently I got playing next one
on there he was a fun and cuz like his
kids watch my videos boy he looked out I
was moving his entire family out to LA
it turns out when he last flew out to LA
before was seeing each other then he was
on the plane sat next to my sister when
she came at with India to hang out with
me and I've just gotten the flight to
Manchester and the dude still there I
got on and I just looked up news like
there's no way like the creepiest
circumstances ever like well not with
just you can't make this ship so to him
hello to his family hello you know who
you are
camera B name absolutely jet like this
 right now but what the hell the
chances he met my sister's sex my sister
then when I fly there he was sat next to
me and now he's on the same plane on the
way back I like our self in LA you can
see the entire city Sofia siege is about
three feet
beautiful I like how the first thing I
could smell when I got off the plane in
Manchester is a horse ship a cowshed
what just another miserable day in
England Annette
it's just the whole day oh man
does if you're good to be home this
victory spouts so much every time I get
to my house I'm like stuck in a one
floor apartment in LA which is like I'm
like Thomas really good it is until you
think of the fact that I spent three
 years building a dream house I'm
hardly ever here so I'm home I'm home
and as soon as I walk into my kitchen
it is flooded by syndicate original
merchandise yep
this is Frye 57 so I kind of want to go
to bed now but I think I might go for a
drive in my car that sounds great like
I'm tired oh my god yes this looks
 sick this is the brand new
jumper we've got releasing a high 57
holy look sick whenever I leave to
go to the US I always leave up and
driven like a complete mess but when I
come back it's okay slowly oh I've
missed this bed I'm really comfy bed in
LA but isn't seven foot wide oh
my god I want to I love being in LA I
love the people in the light I love
paella I sometimes think I like LA more
but then as soon as I get back here I'm
like the creature comforts comfort me
too oh you can tell that this is just
pride in my own property like that is
exactly what this is I'm so happy with
this house that I just never don't want
to be here so mother are back no
there it is there's the bird
that's the one that's been attacking my
window there's two of them they know I'm
back for yourselves oh wait this is
a peace symbol you I'm not even
sure if it's open oh it is
ladies you look after me so damn well
and your kid who is it watches your
video my videos then put some Madden
Adam I appreciate it
your mom just gave me a free gingerbread
mouth thank you very much okay I'm
paying for it look at this that you
about to close and you're gonna serve me
yeah
well this is why I love you guys such
good people honestly such good people
Ben that's your mom I honestly she's a
great person I've known of her so damn
long and she's always taking care of
myself if I ever get the pleasure of
meeting you one day Ben I'll hook you up
with a free t-shirt and say thank you
because your mom's kind of a legend
either way I'm not gonna pretend to know
how to drive a car again brah national
dab Network whatta fukk masses shut up
to Josh oh gee mom decided to paint her
walls with wallpaper of dots cuz we are
dogs and ducks fly together she gave us
no reaction there Josh apart from smile
they're not duck swimming the
pigeons out of the rocks
although the goddamn Ravens from my
house our terrorizing me this honestly
might be one of the nice this shirts I
think syndicate original has ever made
oh this is just an orgasm to my
eyes is so nice Evan you're a
wizard have you missed me
absolutely I want JVMs me Tong Linton's
question thank you have you really miss
me coz you've got to put one of these in
every sin this year it's working it's
just worth do this we've got a goddamn
flier going out in the packages it looks
pretty goddamn sick though I'm not gonna
lie Evan and smashed him at
moving these designers point out good
job man and Courtney thank you we love
you oh
I'll tell you what a proper marriage of
our skin were you trying to give me our
exact instead
 granted just wait there behind
the bushes get the out of it yeah
like an hour ago
 hell mate you got me good that I
can't believe no one scared me in a long
time ah
what you doing I love cup of tea I love
you in
and jokingly said to her grandad as he
was getting me a can of Pepsi by the way
this is Pepsi not coke uy bastard Pepsi
nut cook anyway I said go and get the
catalogs joking around as I go and get
the year the Jaguar catalogs he was like
I do actually have some we want luck in
the room of these this is the one you
want then yeah the jugular exit
how much how much do you want it a lot
hahahahaha everyone like your keys so
I'm excited about getting this car I am
I'm like that and I'm standing there
we're going to leave a like rating if I
should do it leave a comment as to how
we should do it oh yeah look at this
nice so this would make you a happy
chappie then yeah okay with a verb
you are exactly the old man trouble it's
adorable
look at you high five granddad give me
high five okay okay yeah at work you've
been what four years four years been
you've been dreaming about it Jack put
me on Jack
okay you're home haha give me a fist
bump you're just powering off today well
this is rather gay they didn't show you
tooth it's back everyone has been
wondering where it's been it's gone it's
gone back he's got on his back well it's
not gun for God John is gone dad well my
eyesight all you don't have seen you
said saloon do you think he's just cuz
I'm tired from traveling yeah like not
being hydrated and you don't make a
judgment on someone just getting weak
because of one 24-hour period it's been
like a seven day period to be honest but
because I have been travelling like
crazy and I get him three hours of sleep
a night you that's kind of what I'm
putting it down a level
yeah like a good week or a good mom
stable week yeah it's good to see you
again the make don't you just go see you
ah look at her is adorable
I'm so tired
oh yeah dude it's so good to see you
again I didn't know I'm good surviving
it's only like seven o'clock I went to
like go to sleep for like quick 20
minutes like 4 o'clock passed out woke
up now little tired sighs what
on earth are you doing movement what are
you doing I'm in my house it like
literally 9 o'clock at night and I can
hear drilling and screaming and
bloodshed and let me touch your hair
probably oh yeah she is there she is
you excited for insomnia yeah well tell
everyone how exciting should be
brilliant look at the camera No look at
the camera
no that is pretty sad it'll look like a
soul so I was potentially about to go
driving around in my car and go get some
food late at night but I just decided
I'm gonna eat some toast
it's 9:30 tonight I'm going to bed guys
I am so damn tight I honestly probably
slept about thirty minutes on the plane
and just I'm too tired to jet like
because tomorrow I'm going down to
insomnia so I got be nice and fresh book
honestly what a great day lots of
traveling long long long walk and if you
guys want to go and check out that
Nvidia blue Krait video of me going
skydiving with Tim honestly Tim if
you're watching this it was a pleasure
to meet you dude you're an absolute
light inspiration I genuinely mean that
in the in the true sense light it was it
was great to you know see like where you
can be in life and like the awesome
opportunities you can do so thank you
very much for like opening my eyes just
to be you know positive about life in
general and yeah look at me down in the
script of blink it will be down in the
description for that guys make sure you
go smash that like crane and if we can
go spam a lot of comments saying
syndicate sent you don't forget leave
your Twitter and about to pick a few
people to give away some loot crate's -
and maybe some syndicate scribe we'll
see we'll see what we can do and yeah
I'd really appreciate that guys so thank
you once again for loot crate sponsoring
it and video and I'll see you guys next
time
