the morning after the day traveling from
Texas we're in Los Angeles the weather
is beautiful and I'm going to subway
gave my breakfast at one o'clock in the
afternoon
I've only days like this when I wished
that the place that I stayed at the
apartment complex had like a hot tub and
a gym and a pool or at one goal when I
got back to LA this time round and that
goal was to make sure I got my driving
test done and I haven't done it so on my
13 our five back to the UK I've got a
bunch of apps I'm downloading to learn
how do I do the the theory side of the
driving I'm gonna learn it all I'm gonna
get back out and go pass my test and I
think I'm like 99% positive that I've
decided upon getting the Jeep Wrangler
as a vehicle for our in America this
might be the most creepiest shoe
repairman face
already looks so damn good I actually
thought it's gonna be a pretty shitty
day for weather but that Sun has come
out so I'm gonna take this head back to
the apartment and chill out getting some
Sun a lot of people surprisingly asked
me what I get on my subway I get chicken
no I don't that's a lie
I get turkey ham spicy pepper are me
American cheese then I get lettuce
cucumber and jalapenos then mayonnaise
sauce toasted on a 12-inch Italian Oh
truth
no one's up here my spot is available
Razer Leviathan subway drink kick back
and chill in the Sun fortunately I'm
cheating myself and the Sun hasn't gone
down yeah I've actually got like four
more hours of Sun bought because I go to
Facebook I've got to get some videos
made for today because like honestly I
I know like I've been vlogging there
like seven nearly eight months loving it
nothing wants to stop me from vlogging
but I've just had a massive urge to
wanna make more gaming videos on my
channel on my main channel which is the
whole point of the way I do if I feel
that making a video and I feel like
making a video and I make a video but
unfortunately I must have been traveling
so much by the past seven days I've had
that feeling all that time but not have
my equipment there to be able to do it
so that's what I'm gonna go and do now
damn Daniel would you know about trying
them new render settings and this is
only a five minute video in 1080p and
it's gonna take 30 minutes to turn into
a video holy shit that upsets me so
dearly like I know I need to change some
sayings and I know I need to change to
Prideaux be premier like bow until I
figure all that change I'm just going to
stick with it yeah look at that
Jesus said I wasn't gonna see you again
well actually no I knew I was gonna see
you again
Oh Shivan come for three weeks so
totally come to England just saying one
of the best things of hanging around
with Luke
is that you genuinely have good jumps 19
I'm set of these jumps are so good so
chill
no like crazy ray you know she like that
good
Oh Luke Luke look at that you see it
it's traffic oh yeah I've never seen
that before never seen that before in
our life well when enemy in at Facebook
might as well get everyone to follow my
my facebook page links in the
description oh look at this I was
adorable
Luke where's yours where's yours we've
closed it it's right in the blue LMS
1500 smart wait look the Facebook Walt
that's me nice me and Luke are now
sneaking around the Facebook offices oh
my god we gotta find em we heard his uh
her office is down here apparently he
doesn't let people know where it is oh
we found it oh just kicked victory and
Luke's life no again it's not good
factories not some bomb-ass food dude
you're being a hater you just like your
fancy gipsy shit like Luke seriously how
can you hate on this and you want it to
go somewhere else
get out of that I totally said I wasn't
drinking but yeah we've already got
another bit we have tasty but your
Guinness and a cat walked up on me
getting ready to do
correct Luke sequel the only reason why
I wanted to come to the Cheesecake
Factory is for the free bread
pumpernickel so this whole damn good
heavily on a plate every minute that
goes on Lucas though got a salad and I
got a volcano apparently with chicken
English room yes Luke Luke just heard
something there's like someone down here
now just so I'm gonna go down there and
say hello so I'm just eating there did
you recognize me then well this is alia
you're in the vlog why she named Charlie
you're in the I'm just this is so random
Luke Luke spotted you if he didn't say
anything I would've just been keep
eating and you would just walk this is
awesome what a crazy world that is
exactly what it's all about like the
fact they saw my tweet so there I walk
down to see if we were still like in the
area and we were and just went and said
hello so yeah pleasure to meet you too
and gosh what a crazy night story time
with Tom Luke said he was going since
all Liu Wen's until I came back out we
sat in the car
I just held his hands in an emotional
like I'm gonna miss you bro
and I went do you didn't wash your hands
to make but to follow you then sniffed
your hands to make sure you do I was
like wait a second everyone leave a
comment whether or not you think Luke
washed his hands and his face it's the
face of a liar
you ready wait hold on you ready I wash
my hands
I grab the napkins out I dry my hands
right and then I use the napkins to open
the handle and then I throw away the
napkins that's exactly what I did this
time sure Luke sure this is it for three
weeks old me please brother so much
traveling so much crazy shit book thank
you
stop by goes the whole 3bd team I mean
like me and wife you guys look at
YouTube take after me without me dying
so folks good morning and I've been on
my laptop just chilling all night and
basically right now there has been a
terrorist attack in Brussels so
immediately my lovin spore goes out to
all the families and if I don't can't
get in touch with families I hope
they're safe if they're in in the city
or anything because it's been two bombs
go off in an airport and a bomb go off
and a metro station and everywhere is
getting shut down right now so I'm I
don't know whether I'm flying home
tomorrow anymore simple because of other
airports might get shut down around the
world
to prevent it or anything like that I'm
not sure I haven't heard off the
airplane company yet bought that shit's
just gone down they don't know if
anyone's been killed yet or anything
that just says a lot of injuries a lot
of people come out with cooks and like
glass in them and stuff because like all
the ceilings and shit but yeah that's
just fucking heaven now I was just like
turning on my laptop fell asleep on the
sofa and then that went down so I've got
like all my family texting me being like
Stacey if you know hope you're OK
and yeah it's just come in like really
spooked right now so and we go to bed
keep my eye on the news about what's
going on and whether or not I can fly
home and I'll guess I'll speech as the
morning so yeah I'm just gonna say good
night because I'm really pretty honestly
shook up by like all sauce that shit I
don't like it at all it's fucking
ridiculous so hope you guys faces stay
safe and if you've got like I said
who is in Brussels or trumping at the
moment then just try and get in contact
with them
stay safe and yes
