morning world yes I'm wearing the tank
top because I want to get some Sun on
meat so I'm going upstairs on the
rooftop with my breakfast I'm a laptop
I'm just checking out yesterday's vlog
to make sure it goes well and today I
think we want to look at the film shoot
and just ignore the hair feels so good
to have the place nice and tidy and
organized I had only water up here again
it's chill out in the Sun relax catch
some rays eat my breakfast and Durga's
but about an hour applying to the
YouTube comments from her yes there's
what you see some people might say I
have a bit of an addiction to okhla
glasses they're probably correct as I'm
now eating this pair but listen they're
my favorite sunglasses in the world I am
an elitist to Oakland classes as I'm an
elite is to DC Shoes but you know what
that's just the way the world works I
decided to dress all black everything
today we got the black and gold shades I
got the black Oakley jumper black
syndicate t-shirt underneath black shoes
and black DC's in California we're
wearing black just absorb heat so I'm
just gonna be sweating my tits off all
day but otherwise and I fucking love
this outfit I don't know why just don't
my color I'm saying that my favorite
colors are white blue and black as a
combination and then just like all black
so boom just saying shout out to the
homies black and gold syndicate Roger
and we join with Hillary hello or man we
look swaggy without sunglasses boom boom
my head into a I'm allowed to tell
people what it is I'm gonna keep it
super secret because right now keeping
it super secret
something with okay can't tell you guys
Shh and if you look to your left there
is the Hollywood sign
tada it's not even that fabulous anymore
when I came to LA so first I was like
it's the best thing ever and I'm just
like just some writing on a hill and I
have to deal with this bullshit goddamn
look at this officer damn Daniel it's
gonna fuckin wit ya shopping on the
bucket is fuckin bike oh fuck
cheers damn Daniel look at mattify with
that shotgun damn that is an absolutely
beautiful museum and oh my god they're
right there is this fucking Mystery
Machine holy shit that's apparently the
official one oh my god yes I'm so stoked
right now can you guess what it is yet
we are straight up winning this right
now look at this dude I love this
customizing the shit out of a
straitjacket yeah it's a cheapy
straitjacket that we're making the prize
the most expensive straight Jack oh
right this top no first can we just make
one thing clear
that's a fucking big tree right that
that's a big-ass what is it pineapple
triple what's it called
flip our chicken sorry I brain fired
it's a big-ass tree jungle like I have
no idea what I'm doing but you're like
when I come along scooby-doo thing hang
out the day get free snacks from this
guy just went over the stores shit yeah
sure so thanks to the crisps cartrip
chips thank you and dad yeah the Mystery
Machine mmm right yeah these guys won't
forget these yeah Dracula book do I have
to pull upon okay okay now I'm wearing
the booties and we can go in but the
plays are great so that part - yeah I
would never swap the goose friends so it
was behind the scenes caution okay
show you oh I don't even know okay more
about scooby-doo than I do Beyonce
thought was giving my buzz I could hear
them screaming but from smiles away
where the hell are they this is this is
creepier shit
I was just saying this is a museum but
like we have houses that still exist
like this in he looked like old people
houses like Wes Hilary go where she go
when she gone
Hilary you can't just walk around
barefoot in a museum cut down do you
feel engaged in all the history of much
history many cabinets many oh that's
cool
okay now that's nice that's nice I like
that I feel like these plates are worth
a lot of money just can I borrow one of
these well this place feels haunted we
went from like a boiling hot room to
just ice-cold kitchenette area Fisk a
little fast she kept on so let me show
you let me show you the iPhone 7 the
iPhone look at that shit
all my toys its glorious I don't think
we're supposed to be about giving some
reason totally think we're not supposed
to be here well there's the cooker
there's the fridge no idea what that is
cream Tata margarine margarine high
drama cinnamon nutmeg allspice to makes
it time or just an ounce
let's take a look inside oh god I'm so
gonna die I'm gonna get murdered in here
this is definitely haunted
oh god is this a torture chamber what
are these tools cheese wafers whoa lemon
wafers Oh Coco PO wait what
there was no signs
Oh God no no what am i doing oh no this
rocking chairs oh come on shit
Oh oh my god buzzkill man okay oh you've
got no shoes on oh this is creepy
oh this is creepy oh we're not supposed
to be up there oh my god what is that
thing what is that it's a sauna is the
thawne care checking oh my god get me
out of it immediately this is Petra fuck
oh no don't do that okay wisely Claudia
this is like a like a how old is this
house like 300 years old I don't know I
tell you what it's definitely hide I've
gotta try okay there's a basement
I was just stood here like I'll just sit
in the Sun for a bit and get some rays
on my face but then I was like I'm
hearing this how badly is this gonna
creep people out who drive by when they
see me just like hi don't mind me just
in a restraint jacket I like that house
there looks so haunted
we should totally sneak into it actually
mother anything I want to sneak on the
roof of this place I'm convinced you can
get on top of there and then I wanna
sneak into that little room I see an
unattended Mystery Machine what is
stopping me from jumping in it and
driving away whoa check these seats out
- old school check that speaker system
holy shit this is retro oh my god you
got it signed
it's that official I like it a lot it
looks like a miniature White House
that's all I can help not look at it
thinking like this is where the aliens
are gonna invade and fuck your bitches
don't mind me just sneaking in again
okay okay
this is creepy now does this open no
damn but where there's a will there's a
way
we've been on sat-nav about two hours
still not started filming can't quite
diet but it's waiting for them to do
that thing we can do our thing cuz in
the meantime I'm chilling in the sunroom
which we can't decide what the hell is
going on that's a dream okay it's dream
there is that going down tap can someone
explain to me what this is does it door
walk was a free ambassador or something
hanging Racine's dude in Philly enough
to now half hours I mean Hillary is
still wandering around wondering what
today if we broke into every place we
possibly can and I just wanted look
you've got this really all house has
what book but well all ass house here
and you've got like the most modern
contemporary it's very fucking musky up
look at that skyline
ah it's magnificent and just like that
we're done ten minutes later I forgot
high-five teamwork Oh Oh
nailed it alright this is pretty fucking
cool okay okay this is awesome the
Mystery Machine that was a lot we wait
around for like two and a half hours
okay three half hours and then to do yet
to do to do like ten minutes work of
running up and down hallo hop the
holiday Hollywood running up and down
like corridors and then that was it I
think yeah I think it's this way so
that was really easy day at work Hillary
what the hell are you doing oh there's a
spider in your car and you're like what
are you trying to do to him trying to
get it out of the car without swishing
is that just just let him chill out that
what you drive home and you'll be all
they do is bite Ewing out now and you're
just heading to spider-man I could be
fine
Oh would you look at this for driving a
Dollywood freeway or whatever more
traffic Hilary make it go away
magneto now just raise them up we drive
to where when you get to and put them
back down just think when they're
filming that really is all they're doing
yeah
just excuse and want to go up goodbye
Hilary hello Wow
oh my god I'm back to it oh wait that
buzzes anyway I'm back to that
restaurant that I got that sandwich and
gave it a 10 out of 10 because that
sandwich was so fucking good I'm gonna
get a normal and nother one oh my god I
just could not resist it man it looks so
good looks better than last time but
this is the place
and this is what I go yeah so good it's
just so so good we meet again wall of
naked men fighting I will still not
understand you I asked you guys to leave
comments below describing what you
think's going on here but I'd like guys
jabbing him in the fucking neck I have
no idea with snap we have the three BD
offices where behind scenes of doing
secret stuff if you're going to South by
Southwest you'll be able to check this
out so all I'm saying is VR technology
is that not what like white wind turns
minecraft character that fucking pill
right there either way I'm taking my
food my magic my drink and I'm going to
level two boom super that bullet swoop
that super that super that boom -
acquired where's Angelo a bitch I doing
my friend
how do Angela wouldn't let me in some
people punch him
it's the office and find Angela we're
doing to me what are you doing to me in
Allen we've got a thing don't ruin it
also there's your punch pin I'll let me
dick on your marks get set go oh this is
gonna end in tears
it's supposed it's like how everyone
does work in a night ennifer we just
fuck around okay Luke so I want to talk
about product branding this is Jeremy
thoughts thoughts would be the new
Jeremy he can do whatever you want
so this during the meeting is Angelo's
drawings I then stole part of his corner
and drew a fucking weird-ass mister
looking Krab Krusty Krab and stickman
and then family I want you your paper
I'm drawing this year haven't you
impressed I repress my Angelo's times
those as well oh my goodness it's nearly
midnight we're still the office look I
read I look from like sitting in the Sun
all day probably should have put on some
some cream book I think I'll be alright
but we still at the office
we're up in the merge side of things
these are all boxes for shirts that we
can share and they were just talking
about super-secret projects of your guys
faces so dad magic oh just like that I
who do you need home so damn tired so
damn tired for once I finally go to my
box and I actually find real not junk
there's a surprise I'm gonna get in bed
edit the vlog and fall asleep
I don't think I'm gonna set alarm
tomorrow I'm just gonna wake up whenever
the hell I feel like it so I'm having
like a miniature freak out right now and
I hope to god that this change is
because when I came down from you know
today when I was on top of the roof
sunbathing I came down and I carried a
bowl and my laptop down now when I came
down I think I remember like 100%
remember pulling down my laptop outside
the door of the window him up like why
but I just put it down because I
couldn't open the door
I put it down came inside put down the
bowl but then I don't know if I picked
up the laptop so right now I have a
feeling that I left my laptop outside my
fucking room and it's gone you may
obviously point out like Tom know your
laptop's there no this isn't that laptop
there's laptops my old laptops it's got
a mark on it and then this thing over
here there's paper so it's not real so I
genuinely think I left my laptop out
fucking side god Johnny I could be wrong
but like I'm pretty sure I do not
remember bringing it in and putting it
anywhere else so hopefully like it might
turn up somewhere the one lady might
have found it my just consult there but
the chances are delivered to could just
walk
and picked it up how there is CCTV in
the book oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god what is it doing over here
I have no remembrance whatsoever put it
there but holy shit I fucking found it
you stay there do not go anywhere holy
crap that was the panic that I did not
fucking need you know when you're like
oh no I had that horrible feeling of
losing like your keys or your phone some
what but like it felt ten times worse
because it was my laptop luckily there's
nothing on there that like I need bought
I just like oh no because like it was my
fault for leaving it out there but
luckily I didn't I obviously brought it
in so fucking success so after that
scare thank you very much for watching
I'm go to bed make sure you leave a
light green let's try and see if we can
hit thirty three thousand three hundred
thirty seven and I want you to leave a
comment just tell me a story about how
the delivery man that didn't steal my
laptop could have done might make up the
most imaginative story ever and leave
your Twitter on the end of it you may
get a surprise for doing the best one so
yes thank you very much for watching
I'll see you guys tomorrow for my next
vlog 6:00 p.m. every single day UK tan
and yeah thanks for watching and good
bye
