I walk a lonely road it's rainy cold and
I need to blow my nose my defenders wet
dripping in the rain and my son my name
is Tom and welcome to life of Tom we'll
get in the car drive on our go and get
some exactly a dawn and not exactly a
nice deer but anyway we're going for a
dim sum if you don't know what that is
it's like almost a Chinese food a place
in Manchester it's absolutely amazing I
just realized that my granddad's
Christmas tree left a poo stain on the
floor and oh there's ma make sure you
get your certificate regional constructs
rug all the swag see look at that
totally not in my way of driving but
nice yeah we're going to meet up with
Lydia's dad and sister mum everyone like
that all getting together and we're all
having Chinese for breakfast no really
ramen Chinese food breakfast it's great
I just need to let you guys know that
found the best license plate ever really
really good dining my wife my wife my
live I buy my wife my wife my wife not
you other wife oh my god that smells so
good dude this is the this is the way to
do breakfast look how busy this place is
oh my goodness me yes yep
I've known pizza
hello can you see yourself she's like
what is going hey I was uploaded my vlog
whilst sat inside this restaurant and I
was like why is it if the date had just
stopped going like it stopped uploaded I
suck waiting for half an hour for it to
like fix itself and catch off yeah
uploading my blog because my internet in
my house is broke
yeah lo and behold I've now completely a
110 percent run out of data just cost me
20 quid to buy some more bloody hell
oh yes there they are oh ye one I wait
sick of ah hi hi hey who's that robot
blurred person in my blogs we don't hear
that they're doing who is that no you
stole they probably bought seeing you
nah bad
six quid for two hours of parking in
Manchester
then at the same time where's the fun in
that
you can't drive the defender I think
Lydia's left her phone in a car in my
car and she's not doing that she's left
at the restaurant restaurant we were
just down great she's doing a good job
of forgetting things decoration done
wrong
you up I swear to god everybody
like look that girl's got Canada Goose
coat on and that guy's got everyone
everyone's wears kind of the goose like
seriously yo that is a lot of Christmas
lights oh my god we were on the
escalator before we're past some guys in
suits we were like
instead I do the pop again word spread
starts all day long
Team Rocket ravaging to drag it up these
guys are awesome
oh my God look at the gorgeousness of
that ring I'm not getting married or
anything like that but yo I like that
one no no no talk about timing three
four eight three four yeah oh my god
 genius
no way on the dark oh my god I found my
future home potato waft of element oh my
gosh us maybe that's where I came from
we're trying to get the attention of the
cats because they can't see out cause of
the light refraction so tactically
shooting someone and then put this in
the vlog Gadsby actually started taking
a pee in the corner look at all these
bags I've got absolutely ridiculous but
I was gonna say he's got to be started
peeing in the corner of our bedroom
today oh my god I saw him shout at him
and his it isn't a the naughty corner
today so not to get me Christmas tree
daddy cat fat long cat then we have a
lady
Anna Steve sat as we say in her craft
well that doesn't know it's just not
right
look at him he said Oh comfy comfy ever
since her to shower like a week ago
she's been the best cat ever
I like he's lay on his back could his
legs spread net bed but what are you
doing seriously cat I'm so going to
cuddles
whilst also going to the mechanic dammit
but look at this this is why Lydia is
what this is the biggest perma Heung
Boks I've ever seen in my life as we
were walking as we were walking out of
the house I didn't even notice but I
just was are all good ideas if we're on
the way to it to eat to church now if
not eating anything let's take the
packet of Parma ham or nibble on the way
and as I look to a puff to save it she
already had it in her and ready to go
when we think alike brother I got a
candle about this is the most high-tech
church it's got a projector because
screens like an airplane this is
brilliant
someone's surely gonna set something on
fire today
this church just got married
I know I know
thank you well that was a really nice
service actually again I'm not really a
churchgoer anything like that but I had
a blast thanks thanks for having me I
appreciate that again sorry for making a
titter myself this building works
Democrats being quite funny though it
has been funny I didn't know literally
could not get over how small you are the
record I don't I don't think she's a
medical dwarf white or was it gone very
clear described
thank you a technical dwarf
she's just small people she's she's
little people there you go it's okay
come come it's okay
well that's my that was my attempt of
singing so annoying when you girlfriends
actually good at killing me
on three - okay that's good that's like
shopfront good oh I might be on par with
ours
oh that's a really good-looking tree
good job use your kidneys your
kittiwakes have done amazing however
that star is that star is still somewhat
special sorry bought that that a kid
chewed some tinsel and spout that out
and that's a star okay cool cool thank
you very much for a lovely dinner very
nice Wow four chicken Kiev and two
chicken strips such a luxurious homemade
double cooked chips Hey
ah there's nothing like an old cooked
meal well yeah there is none goes well
beach Nando's no I mean beans Nando's in
general yeah well I'll be solved every
chicken parm huh I think you know I bad
start to finally make a decision what's
my favourite food so I'm Peppa no don't
be stupid
it's Optima particular or Parma ham I
think I'll go check him win sun's down
and then which kind which kind of salt
pepper chicken your urine is seriously
yeah I really think it is the best on
that chicken ever I'm really craving I'm
outgoing
we catch like three to the shiftin what
is it what was the joke right what do
you call the penguin a desert wind lost
it's pretty good just like that I'm
already in bed at 10 o'clock at night I
feel like I've done nothing with my day
what am i it's like done today yeah but
we went oh yeah we did but but the thing
is we went shopping I could really film
it so no one would know what gifts that
bother them and then we were at church
so I couldn't really film a lot in
church and then one with your sister and
I could really film a lot with your
sister I feel like today's been not
really a lot of filming day but you know
what Israel is
some like a 40-minute blogs this week so
she's been absolutely mad and you guys
seem to be really enjoying if you guys
like long vlog make sure you leave a
like curtain let me know in the comments
down below but I'm gonna wrap up today's
vlog here it's 10 o'clock in that
probably you're gonna bang on some
Netflix and chill actually chill know
you guys are like yeah we're gonna we're
gonna be no I'm probably just gonna
choke someone it's really tight man like
this is minor that was coming down with
a call but I think I've recovered a
little bit throughout the day but lots
more Christmas shopping to calm
stressful time stressful everything I
still not even got Lydia single present
so I need to work on that one as soon as
possible these okay but yeah that's
gonna be that so make sure people i
could' subscribe dig know that no
plication bail and if you're watching
this before the 19th of December make
sure you get your door is in its acidic
original calm like we down description
for that as well that's the that's the
last day I believe to be able to get
your shipment orders sent out to the UK
or any clothing by the 19th so if you
want it that's the last chance to the
original to come get your orders in
before the 19th so much love all the
best thanks for watching and I want to
sleep now so it's had your nice goods
