bye boys let's get the state ID
sunglasses acquired for a raining day
don't you believe them that makes sense
that didn't give away that it's a magic
day no the Guiness sign and then it hit
me that everyone around is wearing green
more alcohol will be consumed probably
be some crazy fights and six tree today
then I've seen videos come out South by
Southwest of like police and people
fighting so you can mainly be trying I
don't jaywalk well I made it to the
convention center for the game next PO
Box oh my gosh look I'll just fight I'm
pretty sure that is a Corvette zo6
oh just
look at it that is absolutely beautiful
ah ha ha look at this
tom cassell has now his badge also just
facetimed just facetimed hex he's in
town with big time and flame sword
mm-hmm Oh pork rice and ranch this is
honestly what I need right now waiting
for these and mother truckers over here
Eric did I like you I like you a lot
okay so we're at 3d but not only is
Leah's awesome
he's wearing a cynic original women
shirt put an addition shit but then
under it it's got another one on watch
this let's play the case nice building
with that South good baby
dude this is an insane set of vlogging
big tape new wave whoa dude I love this
bunny so damn Versailles I say all the
time to like good people
Oh Vince
of course the muscle is bringing in the
the TVs and Spike
oh there's Alan Helen
oh and this is the team you good bro
look I'm in his vlog my teeth like so
many people are adding him you guys are
doing good you're doing good Eric I had
no idea how much they drunk you were
last night and do you now consider
yourself 80% Irish still okay go home
you're drunk okay oh you so ill this
morning the team is rallying feel at me
we wish you all the best that hangover
will leave and alcohol will empty your
body again soon don't worry well I was
not expecting to see I don't even know
my mind yeah third time we're trying
this then I get that time I got it as
well
you got perfect wow I was not expecting
you to draw me in how did hey honest
drew me check out the action and
everything right but I was like if I try
and I fail I just I was like that me
seems a little drunk but I was like but
I just thought you like maybe a little
drunk tips I didn't know you were gone
done so you know I made it behind the
scenes of the venue and go into the
toilet but look at all this gear oh my
gosh
I was not expecting to find half this
stuff hey I'm gonna break it off
half-chair racism oh damn snap this is
the Ruby Dee boo from my beside look at
it
that is epic hopefully you can see like
the badassness of a three-block dog do
have so produce this committee oh it's a
baby like it's going well
very impressed I am so proud
there's so many people in the boobs
merch everywhere they've got the games
going on in the buses are being played
you got like a sunny one either but how
you feeling this morning right now I
feel good good good vibes well I love
meeting you guys this is Kayla I don't
know why I'm acting like you're like one
foot tall but she's walking a little bit
edition shirt over here I just would say
thank you very much
and I'm throwing you in the vlog because
I'm evil this looks so good
so I went to toilet then and Duloc
behind me so I walk down the corridor
was like I need to find someone to let
me in so then just found this guy then
it turns out to be about like what
watches the videos which is fucking
awesome then I was like yeah we just
over at the booth
it's like are any of your friends here
and we've got vanos mini lads here as
well you got all the crew of the people
that like he knows so I'm gonna go
introduce them now so that's Robert look
at it what a good guy as mean as this is
yeah dude as mean as this is I run and
lose like when I see people with
mustaches I was like you got a pretty
terrible mustache and I was like so do i
and then we realized that he's got a
pretty terrible mustache study we just
stood I would be like I'm gonna be like
that guy I'm gonna be like a guy with
like a full on being he just didn't
treat me well so I'm just fuckin oh my
god when I went to New York and raised
all the money for motor neuron disease
I've never seen anyone in these shit but
you've got them on like speaking the
block
I just high-five - ginger oh what is
going on again so I'm not about gingers
it's like a an invasion as well what's
your name Michael Michael this might be
one of the coolest ways I've ever seen
to give my signature to someone so I'm
gonna go like blue
dude that's sick just wanted to throw
these guys in the vlog really cool
homies I was like I was sat in the green
room and I could feel people watching me
alright say around are you guys like so
I thought I'd come outside oh my god
Zachary is exactly right it is Zachary
Zachary sure your fuck give me a high
five is a free five years mom we got
done with really awesome meeting so many
guys these ones right here legend so
yeah real it was gonna I thought they
were gonna cover it I knew it they're
coming for a woman look at him
you guys photobombing yes what was the
panel cool yeah and we got to meet these
guys so I'm going back to the 3bd booth
now making sure everything's okay
and then uh I think it's time to start
drinking alcohol which is don't do
alcohol don't inject the alcohols it's
not good for you ever live I know but at
least I don't look like this alright
what Eaton's on shoot this guy had one
job one job not to break the VR machines
and what do they do you just tangle
yourself up in there what a fill this
guy and I think it's towards the end of
the day homies I'm feeling successful
they know in Texas long day very long a
good day everyone here
I think woke up hangover hangover
hangover because he didn't vanished
put it on Joe oh he turn around so much
this is these guys watching my vlog from
the night before
everyone was that book that we're
watching it back to see what half of it
you motherfucker ever what a busted I'm
gonna say however you got back there
it's impressive right look your wife are
you ready smile that is a photo and dude
I love the hair thank you so gel see if
a green for me next more red and I'm
never going ginger and follow me
oh I'll get a shout-out Luke no
love you friend this is gonna be the
most important out going all right dude
this group of people is so it
well there's DJ struts the violins guys
Lamborghini freeway it's not actually
Austin it's a Dodge and it's a pupil
doesn't lunge for the people with us
right now
grew exponentially like ridiculously
there's so many of us I'll just walk
along you know so many people
I'm not sure about that but either way
we're going down to apparently wasn't
wet is it's good that likes somebody
works with the scroll lights Tom from
England I know his name
we're just right context you we're going
to a party that he's running so there's
like thirty was no role into it so it's
about to get a little bit insane
oh no this side again yeah just thought
I was filming her gave me the middle
fingers like wrong this side
my dude we're in the life how you guys
all doing tonight we're surviving well
let's see our survive flame sawed my
pistol we just saw this ah dude you
Reese although it's killing the original
the original started we met the real
original study up on stage like I'll
tell you this right now big timer that's
a friend Don you're out you're gonna
watch this video I'm Claude well and be
like why the fuck did I go outside why
did I do it right so just the record
will like stepped outside to get fresh
air but then it wasn't a lot of fucking
cuz the cue is too long so went home
where's my big tire up me and me and Tom
or big-time next be insured and we
fucking killed it we rape so hard that's
what I do we met so dude that's all them
eyes so big time
Sutter Oh like a homicide genuinely is a
pleasure what we just said we always
cross paths I'm gonna make sure you pay
for my plane ticket so I say 1 another
night so we could see each other again
and hang out and really partied like
we're supposed we'll see you tomorrow in
tomorrow's video if he's here or not if
he's not if I'm not that I fucked up and
you could all tweet at me and say Mikey
fucked up
