you might be like why isn't Tom gone to
bed yet it's because it's the next day
it's just so goddamn early what time is
it where where's the pot oh my god it's
6:30 in the morning which is actually
alive 7:30 in the morning cutter we're
getting the fluoride back to South by
Southwest so I'm packed up ready to go
yes I'm leaving on t-shirts behind cuz I
don't need them and they were given as a
gift and I just don't have room for them
so either way we're going hotel room you
didn't get quite the full tour I don't
think can't remember to tie them just by
passing out the hell right now I bought
like I said I think I give it like a 9
out of 10 because I really like this
room's really comfy not bad
that bed was heaven look at it good it
looks like a bomb went off a wild Hildur
appears in the wild hiding next to a
cone would you just look at that view
wow the Sun is geo spies in a play early
Oh God he's beautiful
boom made it to the airport ain't no as
though Hillary is not with me because
she needs to go and refuel the rental
car cuz before she returned it because
that's the option she picked and left me
on my own so just gonna go and try and
check-in
yeah all by myself right now cry every
time
chick-fil-a breakfast coming in Hilary
because we are starving
I look so tired or at least a slut for
two hours of something we're gonna meet
her with everyone today I think we might
be able to check out the booth fingers
trust the one day I managed to get
yesterday's vlog up five minutes early
just checking all the comments and stuff
like that overweight I was number one
for the team to come and give us the
keys to go to house number two no sense
all right interview done you guys going
to the daily vlog throwing you in that
was your company called again just come
back out production I got like so I came
up with a name syndicate just cuz I like
the name syndicate but you came up with
it because of my English cousin named
mini fat cat when you were when he was
three when I was 16 or 17 that is that
is one way to to get a company name just
go and get insulted by humbling yourself
up but yeah thanks guys appreciate it
now my energy was doing it's time to go
get alcohol well for God's sake I wish I
was vlogging that coke coke ball just
felt the back and rocketed into Angela's
Brent are they what like brand new shoes
oh this is why this guy is the best guy
ever because I opened up a fridge and I
was like oh it was some bacon and egg
and he said you know what I will see see
he looks up to me and I have a couple am
how I look after you I haven't yet
bought you that Moby case your shoes got
ruined that was not my fault but I'll
make you up to your prominence I knew
he's matter of time before he'll ever
make things about car talk about it
forever
tell me you're not allowed to keep it
Hillary you know how to keep it where is
it is it fluffy it's a big fluffy kitty
oh that looks like it looks like death I
would stay away from that it's a wild
cat we should totally put it down
I liked how I said that it just walked
off like now man fuck that you know I
feels nice to have something that's been
cooked on oh shit the homies are arrived
Bharani oh my god I could see them from
a distance hello hello Bryan team come
on in you just you've just missed out on
worst timing because we've got bacon so
shit sorry right now be more into
forever on this guy is on snapchat and
he's filling it so I'm gonna put his
snapchat name down below go and add him
now oh my god I'm good oh I like doing
Tom I said guess why you like okay thank
you you guys missed me but you guys miss
bacon and eggs by like five minutes
there's so much talking all the bacon is
gone I had it
what's his story about and Babbie
impressive ever jealous destination of
house for the night or for the next five
days I think I've got me queen bee Alan
and swing ready it's a rock and roll and
it's is it just like so humid Wow
so we're staying in this building and in
the tree there's a fucking cow oh okay
then oh snap we're going checking out
the bedrooms to see who gets walk he's
work alright oh man I want bedroom
number one day I'm bedroom number one
oh this is nice that's nice there's a
nice back out there as well okay a
shower I like it how you liking this
like the book library like yeah that's a
library okay sweetie sweetie the
boomerang the wall but bedroom number
two dililili oh oh oh psych all right
while she'll need to use that only put a
lock on the door so we can't get
anything named bedroom number nah fuck
that I ain't sleeping in this do they
expect us to use the bunk beds I think
they're expecting us ease of embeds I
think that was a certain point of saying
it's a six bedroom house I want your
bedrooms in there that's just Alan
alright next bedroom right yeah that is
our bedroom
oh this is yours alright so you okay
sleep in there
listen wait stay down there I got your
toy cut you're an Eightball shake it
shake it and if it says you have to stay
there you have to stay there what is it
it sits on the back you don't open it
no you can't hold it right like that yes
it is yes it actually says yes
so that's your bed for the night good
look it this is a pretty cool back yeah
we've got out here we could have a few
drinks and parties over here like this
got a nice little kitchen going I don't
like it I like it but then you got the
best bedroom because look at this that's
nice look at this bedroom
this is baller as hell until the ghosts
come out at night and be like scary I
would not miss it
that's that you play by itself as a
chair and fuck that I'm kind of confused
as to what's happening in this piece of
art there is a person a night downed
with a half cold face holding close so
I'm going buy some new ones check out
the right this is ask for like a week I
mean five days damn Beast GMC baller-ass
mother trucker we got part way to where
we were need to go we're pretty much
like requires the way where we need to
go and all of a sudden angel rangas ISM
like don't turn off the engine don't
turn off the engine because it's a
keyless stop and Anjali
she's basically we're not gonna be on
Stella Kerrigan so all the way back
no fucking around I don't Oh goodbye
no fucking around puck zone this is what
I need I can get everything I need him
literally as I walked into the store I
said Giovanni right side shows this
guy's look at me like you know that
youtuber guys so nice to meet you he's
gonna make me swag down my face right
yes sir and it's your first day of
working it is what the fucking chances
we closed quiet just until you'll get
sucks and boxes and I am done
so just real quick about me and Cody
that was absolutely crazy because like I
walked in I mean it was his first day
there and he watched all my videos he'd
been there if I wouldn't have millions
of followers on my stream on Twitch and
to millions and I even they're like the
Julie my youtube channel basically and
my twitch and we were just chatting
about things and then the unfortunate
told me that his grandma actually got
diagnosed with motor neuron disease ALS
that my grandma so I'd like a big
heart-to-heart with him and you know
it's kind of said that I wanna meet fans
and they tell me like their family have
been diagnosed with motor neurone
disease there's just like there's
nothing I can do to help them like
anything because as soon as it hits it's
that's it's done to life who's gonna win
so I just like just be ready for the
moment that it happens and they just
like me got to thinking about my grammar
and I'll get upset and shit so I don't
want to talk about doing much but like
yeah Cody if you're watching this keep
your chin up dude I'll get real real
shit you're real real quick but just be
there for okay oh my god okay oh there's
a there's a gaming start right that has
to be on pause you can go in there but
like there's you got you don't
understand I need to go in there and get
a set of sunglasses fuck yes that's what
I need right hopefully they've got all
the lens isn't shiny need alright so
this is the one thing I want to show in
a vlog this is the custom like build it
yourself and I look at this you pick
your frame
fit your glasses and in the collection
that goes on the side so white purple
and purple polarize which i think is
that one so I'm gonna get my single he's
always with the blowjobs like I'm so
excited this is an emotional day man
these were like my favorite sunglasses
and then I lost them it's kind of like
let's go gooks I got white top on now as
well even though it's nighttime outside
don't fucking care I decided against
getting in glasses anymore guys I'm
decided I'm getting these ones but I
genuinely can't express why why I'm how
happy I am
I've got new glasses again my children
she was have a belt hoods oh my days so
many clothes shoes I know he's not
Kalani to buy if I can find it
wow it's 1899 holy shit this place
literally has everything all the plush
toys all the aminos PSP games it's golf
place the Xbox Playstation one
everything this is a cool spot line is
you're ever in Tetris we were talking to
the guy
Trevor in Texas inside the mall near the
Macy's it's called press play definitely
go check it out you know I always try
and support companies like this super
cool no no no can the company just do it
a favor
it's what see if it fucking let it go
already your time is gone a past me and
Hillary respect the amount of energy
that a bit that Bob said I bet these
glasses right if you see anyone walk off
of them kick him in the dick
I'm the mistake begins they're trusting
me to go and get some alcohol so by
going getting alcohol that means yeah
all right I'm Jill Oh John the bad news
or the bad news all alcohol and liquor
stores close at nine o'clock in Texas oh
my gosh okay driftwood I believe in it
okay this is great so many good people
so many good vibes look at it review
because no no hotel booked this is my
room that looks like an absolute mess
just ignore it I was organizing what's
doing what's not what welcome to my room
tour we have a fan to one a lot of 12
fun we have a Bachelor of Science Award
so that's pretty damn impressive how
comfy is the bed oh right obviously the
room gets room yet so far it's a house
five and a half hour ten the bed I'll
know what the room gets five you see how
hard I bounced off that
that likes old as a rock and then inside
this room I'm obviously gonna have to go
through every single box in the night to
see what's in it in case if I'm like I
don't know a grenade launcher or
something because let me tell you this
right now I'm not gonna tell you which
place it was I stayed at but I found
like a volcano bong machine for smoking
weed almost like what the fuck and right
next to it I found a pistol and then
right next to it I found air like a
machine gun
and how I was gonna show it but it's the
privacy of someone's home so I'm I was
not gonna throw it but it was just like
I wasn't rooting for it either I just
like walked in and looked sorry and was
like what oh fuck
dude Tara I'm so much too reminded me I
saw them but my flight home
the growing up is so real
gasps you can't just compare the amount
of food you've got to mine
this is why you have a beard and our
line growing boy strength I got a little
bit of everything
every you get more hey hey Brian Brian
thanks dude
I Love You Man I love you Beth all this
is awful oh my god I want it inside me
what a good guy what a good guy holy
shit legend we made it to 6th Street
wait why's it blocked off in the middle
ok then we're just gonna walk around
this weird of people and just keep on
going
yes
to happen
we
walk around South by Southwest you
almost find the weirdest of people I
know was just lovely fella weird I'm
doing great
well he's doing great but guess what
he's now far me so he's about to die
Jordan Oh his drinks like buttery
nipples and stuff I'm about to introduce
him to the world of Jameson honest to
god you're not following him on snapchat
I'm gonna buy it ever since
we got everyone here hey you guys - it
is a motherfucker
my favorite homie
Maia night season 3 when's it happening
I'll kiss you on the lips right here
wait I've just sit oh I miss your lips
watch we did kiss your own lips it's
right 2 1
are we doing risk or are we doing racist
so we got black white Hispanic and
sponeck an tan and Irish
how would you forget Harry I'm fucking
like 80% Irish right you ready to
custard oh hey look at the camera 30
everyone in the comments
33% is like he wants to vote fresh hey
listen gonna vote for Angelo vote the
common a rum over Tom but coming to a
vote for Tom Tom if you're voting for
Tom don't fuckin bolt you motherfuckers
alright listen I I control
don't don't vote for Tom motherfucker
you stay away I had this booties that
good before we get into 16 dollars this
year - Jonny Gomes
yeah the best egg rolls on the play what
do you are there nah dude listen to how
good are the egg rolls dude I'm like I'm
like zoomed in your face egg rolled
style you said the best egg rolls in the
black good to go I believe in change
oh okay all right what do we trust you
you should have these the best egg rolls
in Planet of colors they will be you
promise I promise
what's your name ty ty you put me on
your name if I'm lying to you
I'll G time you have no idea how I'm
lying yeah but I know a good rule to get
food
go fuck yourself got all these people
ready for tonight holy shit surviving
the night of food drinking and eating
we're going home but thank you so much
for the night it was great man I fucking
love you Tom I fucking love this guy
he's so you guys understand he's so
fucking nice you never met a youtuber
this nice as Tom gave Michael Sam good
night I did it four o'clock in the
morning I feel like a little I hate Sri
hates reproductions studded savage
