and a helicopter
I've eaten food nope
oh really
you're leaving I'm sorry bud I'll see
you again soon let me come to Florida
let's ride jet skis pontoon boat Beach
Disney universal ride some roller like a
brother brother to me
love this guy Dan we're done and people
we're done thank you very much for
having me good sir thank you buddy
I did it's been fun thanks for doing my
bullshit and I'm a hangovers this season
is gonna be amazing so make sure you
guys are stoked I definitely should not
be doing reversible I'm gonna plate it
anyway okay what does that dig oh it's
not light okay okay it was this one day
was that wide about this well the black
lights this is fucking awesome
oh yeah what oh c'mon
how can you lose okay Owen that's that's
how we say Owen
naive need explain that mah makes a mix
of e sound oh here we go
no there we go granny granny granny
granny granny granny in a makes it
really sound groan yeah Galka bollocks
no I'm not going to Ireland because I'm
just going to bounce myself in regard
for those names I'm not do it that one
do that one rosin rosin Rosie Rosie
Rosie Rosie that's not that bad Roshi
there's no any school is one more this
is the one that
you have to nail this tadka todd todd
Paige Paige
Tiger was close you were close I'll give
you that pretty good all right every
time we see Joe's say we gonna play csgo
every fuckin time every time are we've
never played csgo so yeah I'm good enjoy
your flight hope it's nice and safe here
I'll see you guys sorry for the if
there's a mark I want to see a picture I
want a picture of your butt cheeks ah
that is it legends of gaming season 2
done filming any regrets yes
drinking alcohol well I'll do it again
fuck yes it's just the way I do things
but nonetheless it was actually a great
great shot I've enjoyed it really good
fun that Audi TT is incredibly beautiful
shown the Kolob I love the shape anyway
me and Hillary again thank you for
looking after me so much she's a stage
from the breakfast this morning and this
person is having a really bad life
either way I'm going home so either way
I wonder if you crashed into her either
way I'm going home and go to bed bye
YouTube all I'm doing right now is
getting in bed and watching the Marvel
Avengers animated series on Netflix and
then I'm staying there until maybe going
out like later drinking which I am NOT
happy about thank goodness I've got 450
aired jumper on in bed watching Avengers
and I have got the full recovery of set
right now I got soup I got noodles I got
chicken I got everything I want from my
local Chinese store and I am gonna knock
the hell out of all of it oh yeah
beautiful let's do this oh yeah
for God I've lost my voice that's 90
before now because I'm going to PI which
give you loud and noisy which is me
having a shout moment she's gonna make
my voice worse but either way I'm going
out to PI hopefully not gonna drink
really do not want another hangover
I just my body cannot handle it all
right I'm just look at him isn't he
magnificent I didn't know you're gonna
be here Oh Tony this motherfuckers here
oh yeah this book is hitting the gym oh
my god growing up to a bar but then look
you I thought dude you're fucking swaggy
always everyone here is so fuckin
Jackson yeah you really start going to
the gym
fucking shit oh my my voice is getting
so much worse throughout the night like
I can't even fucking talk like what's
only advice I'm like I'm dying oh oh
yeah we're having sex tonight
this is oh my goodness somehow
CaptainSparklez managed to drag me into
his hair dryer Jesus what is going I'm
still gonna giving this wait stop Brett
stop Simon stop watch this I don't put a
window down we need to follow
listen to this get right listen I give
this car some one shit just my sister
has this car but this is a Bob this is
about eats up that girlfriend girlfriend
girlfriend
this sounds brother my teeth this sounds
so fucking good
but either way still fear about still
shit you're mad you're mad
my GG sounds like it goes goes goes goes
I'm just like really mad but anyway
notes for the BMW yeah I would call out
nadeshot so these casts no fuck we can't
decide you get G Wagen instead your
massive pussy okay so I guess we're
gonna get you food come get that action
okay how'd you feel about that kid how
do I feel that what can we get in the
action as our going I guess it's the
only place that is awake right now
sir if I lose this this is the queen and
this is the queen
that's a draw I get to reset if I gonna
say no so right now you got Queen so I
say lower free move recess to the gods
if you get if you choose the wrong car
you just dollars yes okay so wait an
hour and a half those read these wings
abacus
got down that's a good fucking ring holy
shit I just totally forgot to end
yesterday's vlog I by the way in the
video yesterday I look like I'm so drunk
sound like absurd robot Abdallah it's
just that I'm losing my voice so fucking
bad so Louis oh you guys enjoyed today's
video if you have issue of the white
crane and subscribe to anyone by the way
he picked up a syndicate original rural
design thank you so much for support the
clothing line it is done it is not for
sale anymore
it will never be on sale in the
limited-edition design ever again so
nice a shout out for you guys supporting
that book if you still want to go
syndicate Rijal t-shirt like support the
clothing line will be linked down there
but as well so I've got a rest all day
and just take tablets and sooth isn't
shit because oh my god I sound like a
fucking rasp like drain I don't know
leave a comment saying Tom you're a
terrorist
oh yes
