ladies and gentlemen your killer potato
Tom I need to leave this building
immediately I'm packing my shit as fast
as I can
real quick this whole town I'll get
someone out of ten because when I tried
selfish hour
look at this you're turning on yeah what
does you can't pull it off to make water
come out I had to have a shower leaning
down in the bathtub why didn't I just
have a bath because I'm already about to
miss my flight to get to toss Tim where
I'm going next so packing all my shit up
and running to the airport now to try
and see if I can make my flight if I
can't make it then testicles I've made
it to the airport got my ticket flight
boards now so I'm trying my best to rush
through security I can't even believe I
made it I'm not gonna lie I did not
think this was gonna be possible
good there's some sort of miracle I got
on this plane I'd say that right now
Irish damn fast I might nice to go and
get a drink of water
I got to the thing as a woman I'm gonna
die if I don't get water which was like
you could since you're good was like I
love you Texas so uh time to see Hillary
because she doesn't even know I'm here
I'm so hungover right now is absolutely
difficult Hillary we made it how
surprised were you when you saw me walk
on the plane do the shower in that hotel
didn't work so I had to stick my head
under the top to have a shower
it was ridiculous
you buy sell buy southwest
until three days over Tony
how I made it to this destination I just
don't you know how did I make it
how did I make it here I'm so impressed
with myself before I'll go to the
airport fell back asleep my phone had 3%
much he left me who so we couldn't sleep
until like 3:00 yeah
then we would have been clocked I've got
10 minutes to get on the plane but I
don't care I am getting some food and I
was gonna get this walk thing but oh my
gosh I've just noticed as a chick for
life sorry I told you this inside flight
number to Hillary are you ready so stars
of hunger over Tom actually look more
awake now which is great if you go back
to the start the video and look at my
face I look like I'm dying Hillary's in
full work mode yeah I've called this one
quite red well I'm quite red as well I'm
just sweating alcohol right now well we
didn't just nearly fall
it's just betting I'll be a smart huh my
dad will freak out and here's our baby
she's small now this isn't small it's
just it's just a it's a smaller version
of a Jeep what is it what is this kia
soul we're gonna be doing some soul
singing some soul searching out in the
country okay how you join the car I've
so far have to be fucking with me after
all this effort today like today's blog
is probably 5 hours late now and on my
laptop right now I left it on last night
when I passed out when I got back to my
hotel
it's just dying as I'm editing the video
making it go up hopefully I think I've
got everything I needed to do and I just
need to click public so let's see if I
can make my phone ring set up to touch
each other we're gonna die yeah no one's
dying Georgia no then I actually did in
half past five and the mug was supposed
to be
yeah and the morgue is finally okay I am
so sorry for when they're late I
absolutely hate it but I finally did it
cut it up we're good to go
you throw faster a Jeep dealership can
we go back please no Tom no loud oh my
gosh
I actually think that the the place
where I was gonna buy a jeep from like a
really modern Jeep is in awesome I mean
Austin I'm not drunk I swear I just
don't know and grasped wife right now
yeah also I find out was like wow this
looks like you know on sorted roads
where they film the walking dead like
let's go find that and then find out it
is where they put the water you get so
science back to Tom coming soon to an
epic view near you that it's something
I'm not in Texas Wow
see for miles we really are in the
middle of bumfuck lower
there's a running train track there's a
few ramen shops like this there's
nothing to do here
willkommen Daisy come to make good
decisions basically bad ones in the
morning boy either way
Taco Bell have made it to the location
and the sky is absolutely incredible
right now I'm staying at the quality inn
I'm gonna give its quality a damn test
and a rating out of 10
everyone says they'll really look
forward to my like hotel review so just
bringing your wife with you I guess and
yes I'm gonna give it a review I
definitely have to say that it has to be
better than my the last place I stayed
yesterday cuz that okay so the main the
main lights don't work so we're gonna
have to go with this one well welcome to
my I forgot the name of the hotel I
already put my quality in quality in by
by Choice Hotels visit let's do the tour
if the light situation wasn't a more
amazing experience trying to gain here
was a fucking struggle it was amazing so
either way with a nice little covered
over here we have a randomly placed sink
this what this is the room the sink is
there for the bathroom so you have to
take a shit write your shit and then
open the door with a handle and then
come and wash your hands okay so there's
that his room got a little chair some
lamps and that one doesn't work
microwave is this a minibar no of course
it's not I own feel like they could have
put a cupboard here to actually put
these items in you know maybe put a sink
in the bathroom TV and LED right that
thing right there and then we have think
there's been a power cut because
everything is flashing and that this is
flashing or whatever so oh I'm gonna
give it a 5 I'm gonna give it a 5 but
again it always depends on the bed so
it's trying to bed
oh okay well you don't want you know
what I guess five and a half and you
know what it gets a 5.6 fucking old
school this is oh my days and what is
that and ha oh there's a chick yep once
that there is indeed a McDonald's fry in
there and what looks like yeah a dirty
plaster oh this is just beautiful
beautiful and it's a room with one hell
of a view would you just look at that
absolutely beautiful
so overall score I'm give it a five
point six really commitment for your
satisfaction I managed to successfully
turn this into a bomb site which is
always a benefit and somehow I was
reading this in a second somehow I
managed to come away with some
sunglasses in my back pocket which are
completely crushed on yesterday's pie
and also those Iraq there was a guy
walking down the street like a rapper
I think I'm guessing by Daddy tree hat
release anyway you know everyone this is
a random guy he was just on the street
no selling CDs and stuff I was like no I
don't know cash for me but then I want
Postum later running ahead cash so give
him $20 and like yeah give me CD I check
it out so I'm gonna everyone tweet him
and be like Dimitri oh how do you say
that true we love you
tweet him do it you never know it might
just make his day so I'm now going out
against the food it's quite late and
they want to go and get drinks as well
so I'm gonna say no to that because I
got to be prepped for tomorrow wondering
so yeah also I can't tell you what I'm
doing tomorrow already told you by X
number I'm not supposed to so let's
pretend you guys don't know okay walking
down the street in the middle of nowhere
hoping I don't get shot yeah heading to
Jeffersons it's a like a restaurant
slash bar slash hopefully food inside me
where did they just turn off the lights
take a throw for God's sake
either way yeah I am literally just in
the middle of fucking nowhere and I'm
adventuring to go find food so
listen to all them crickets and frogs
man it's crazy but we're going to
Jefferson's Wings burgers and oysters
all right
Tuesday's Tuesday any Philly sticks not
what the hell is a Philly mistake what a
small world just out here with the
nvidia guys this is the daily vlog so
now unfortunately I'm throwing you in
without using one interview network
they're in it and this is summer I'm
throwing you in the vlog this is someone
chefs from an ID to get a drink and then
when she got my idea in red light my
full name she was like meaning your
youtuber yeah so somebody you're
watching this love you face well this
just got depressing really sad yeah I
was like I'm half a drink unfortunately
you drank goes way too fast because you
like can we get another drinking like
who stopped serving uncle at 9:45 I mean
I'm gonna I'm cherishing this like I've
been drinking alcohol and you know I not
appreciating it whilst I've been in
Austin supply I'm I'm good oh definitely
not in Texas but this looks damn good
what is this Philly cheesesteak okay
that looks pretty good
I don't know about this I'm gonna let
you judge it it definitely is the
weirdest airplay you've got like the
front desk when you walk in and then
this is the meat it's where I'm going
today boy I told us when yesterday's log
so thank you very much for watching if
you guys enjoyed me Sheila white cranes
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow and
you'll find out what I'm doing today in
the future so get ready for this epic
opportunity that it's gonna be happening
so goodbye
