before today stars let's do I need to
remind you that on the 20th of November
the brand new limited edition syndicate
original shirt is coming out if you want
to get it give me one self one day and
one day only so be there or be square
and get it while she can oh my god today
I feel a little bit better on saying off
the start of this vlog and yeah by the
way I apologize for yesterday's vlog
being like I decided sleep was more
valuable than getting the vlog oh that
makes sense right cuz I'm doing a show
and we're with Hillary again she starts
driving me to the YouTube space to film
legends of gaming again so hopefully
today isn't gonna be like a 19-hour day
I think we should be done by half five
today they said so we'll just see how
that goes and let's nail it what time
you call this mr. knuckle hmm what time
you got this mr. Isaac's sleepy Mexican
will be waiting for you just your fault
yeah you all fell asleep in the film
apart from you oh you didn't even call
then even go your but I was asleep at
the time everyone else was a spot friend
oh god terrorize it look you look make
yourself look you know just beautiful
look do it told do it oh yes again oh
yes everywhere Dabba Dabba Dabba Dabba
Dabba Dabba Dabba Dabba Dabba devil drag
yeah Oh fabulous today because I've got
booked in spot there spot there and spot
much these are like cocks Imogen I've
been like scratching suss Perfetti but
Hillary's gonna do some makeup on me so
good luck have fun go do you know what
you're doing
- I'm filming your first guy ah she's
picking me look pretty
sad go ah yeah I look so dumb pale but
that's not the makeup I just look pale
in general so I related to gals having
at some time haha
either way some Bunica well you up we're
waiting for you look at the difference
in color of skin yeah yeah yeah Oh for Q
yeah well herpes type - yes I got you
I'm leaving bra fuck
hello Tom remember this you changed your
shirt today I did no you cinched it yeah
I just finished it so I don't look like
a freaking little boy in a shirt for
this is hopefully yeah I gotta make sure
you almost offer too much of misses me
oh you're welcome internet haha boom
nailing this first take we're going good
right going real good on fire let's fly
through this let's kill this can't show
you guys I can't show you sat down here
pretty the way do you can't just throw
you in the camera just for this shot
look at that mustache dude that is
absolutely like that's the world it oh
yeah I want Austria the specimen that is
a world-famous mustache holy shit
that is absolutely incredible so that
one you've got one your first place yeah
Oh hands down that is incredible
this is where all the behind-the-scenes
people come stealing all the pizzas come
on now come on yeah you always running
here you lie yeah Johnna side rock I'm
gonna have to have a piece is look
slowly I'm to me show right food coma
and fast match I'm a finisher no it's
got a cream a choke up
sponsored by razor the greatest gaming
peripherals
oh that's years again so whilst we're
playing this game some random BK Randy's
just joined and we're all just bullying
yo dig get out you little bitch he's
wait he said T fuck you Dave I love you
well poor Dave came in and said why you
have to be mad it's just a game
hey get out of that chair you're not
supposed to be in there this is the
winners chance the host chair get that's
my chair out of it get out of it I've
decided at my funeral the song I want to
get played is hello doctors my old
friend
I think that's good too the one we're
just over and over yeah what you want at
your funeral
hey which one I just want people to be
there yeah you want Gwen Stefani Europe
what about banana beat a na na this shit
is bananas she's dead
EAD ad I'm gonna play I'm gonna come and
sing at your funeral
and it is a wrap for lunch come on mr.
knuckle mr. knuckle at it's around for
lunch homies let's go get the bird no
the five seconds to give the world some
inspirational clothes uh
I don't suck don't suck
yeah well learn from my own quotes you
did oh fuck nearly got killed
yeah listen he's actually really good at
this competition I swear oh here we have
the lunchtime cue I am fucking starving
this fear look so good about like a you
got double slices of pizza mean Trebek
gave you trouble went for a little bit
of everything
damn son remember ignored me while we
got these kids playing video games
all right boys it's been a long time
since I've played well I'm going in with
nine items and 200 dollars to try and
win a night it's been so long since I
played without all my guns I've actually
turned into being tradable and hopefully
I'm gonna try and win huh oh my god
that's going so fast what I'm lost
you talk no that's one so fast what rip
organ and we're going into the light and
the over oh it's fucking out onto the
stage right right now we're gonna be
playing some I'm gonna tell you that's
right well teaser we're playing
battlefield and we're playing some games
are you kicking back sweet I just saw
mystery guitar man in the hallway I go
and say hello to him in a minute buddy
looks a bit busy so jelly goes yeah I
like you I like until he can allot unto
me so we've met I think we've met before
but I remember pressure was it pi
Oh upside down now ah don't die don't
die don't die don't die brought from him
boy hello recap he's called nurse Nicole
uh but no on how we won good
I can't spoil the show but you totally
won every single game you play yeah I'm
lying god Ãºnico pass me one please
please
Unicom please buzz one yeah uh what the
fuck but that is a fucking great shot I
totally just don't care I'm thinking
about pizza wutface you pulling oh shit
you're filming me
hello here comes a money money money
money money like a bogey upon us mmm
tasty a little bit no way for the vlog I
knew it I was waiting for y'all to give
little fingers ha ha ha oh they're all
so cute having a laugh it's raining in
LA again every time I'm here fucking
rains at all wait a minute
I think that's the new TT I'm almost
pretty sure that is a new Audi TT if it
is the first time I've seen my kind of
Audi TT oh it is t2 in the US Alex
fucking beautiful so he's showing us his
winning photos for the three world
records first one very classy
ok 2013 so2 just magnificent and then
the last but not least is the most
recent one did your boss that is so so
that you're the definition of a man oh
she date you wrapped you could say we
did we get we get we get forget me dude
look like a man in the house right now
Eric's lost his car keys so he's fucked
he's bloody wankered mate bloody wanker
how we all doing team this is behind the
scenes crew go say hello to the blog
daily vlog behind the scenes crew we are
uh-oh sound guys just the crew sound guy
and all up in here yeah this is Sangha
the response Sango is always the best is
because you can be anywhere and just ask
him any question if you've got an
emotional is like I know I carry first
yeah there's something that I feel like
I need to tell you I can tell you you
just say it out loud yeah I love you
alright great day and this is the editor
editor keep doing what you're doing my
friend good luck this is quite possibly
the best thing I could find Hilary I
look to get my bag and behind my back
but what I find I'm not sure what the
whole blowjob thing is with all the time
but nonetheless I think I might go and
put this on like the front desk of
YouTube so she gets banned wow they're
filming the show in there and it is
fucking raining in the u.s. I almost
pause this at UK why my lines I've been
like meaning to say one thing and
another comes out I don't know it's just
a thing that happens but hell is going
on just some bullshit what's up
something's wrong man this just can't be
right
raining in America I swear it follows
never a fucking go the down at the UK it
was like the Sunnis day they've had all
year so far I come back to America and
rain fuck everything man well damn
because I've drawn apartment and it
makes sense that people round we got
Trevor over here then hello mr.
marketing of T and we go in here hello
mr. moose hello and then we go over here
we got inside here fucking so I said put
your fucking shirt on now or else you're
not allowed back in this fuck what I
fucking tell you that's right that's
fine every time someone walks in the
apartment you have to wear my fucking
clothes or else thanks Alan yeah oh
there you go that's stuff that's no
nicely thank you very much
someone was kind enough to provide me
with a shirt I I will sort that out okay
I'm gonna do my best to hook it up no
stop if you feel bad for fuck's sake the
numbers of people are extending here now
not only do we have three dudes four
dudes we also have four dudes and one
extra dude ah gets awesome
oh no more blowjob symbols is that it
you don't know sorry guys no more
blowjobs oh my god it's being team are
in can we please get the knife so I can
get a reaction how crazy right you're
gonna roll another one this is my
exception this is this is the cell the
Mitch
Semyon tema and I've got whilst we're
doing the unboxing the 4c called
Operation wildfire yeah operational
juice of the beautiful looking skins
most of these are pretty nice that
Empire looks pretty crazy I'm understand
box for vampire and nothing but blue
spring the bad luck I am so tired I can
buy and sell fight the stick of destiny
that was the signature fuck I don't ride
Oh guys I'm so tired but I think it's
just 11 o'clock at night and I'm so
tired I'm exhausted yet likely flewed
pissed off with his brilliant mustache
I've got going and that's like Lobster
at all the time I've got moose knuckle
and tema and just moose to clean
themselves away
I can't leave today I found out moose
knuckle is the is the guy's camel toe
guys counter is what's up guys we are
taking over Tom's vlogs right now
well yeah it's good to have everyone
round today
but I could fall asleep on the sofa for
like 10 minutes
appreciate the team effort there guys
thanks yes I'm just gonna go and get rid
of this fucking Sharpie Phil dick what
friends are for
what was the Sharpie take it you finish
this heart up with me it's funny because
Ryan actually write has two short pieces
back just for when them Dex did them Det
the Dixie draw room uh he is triple
wound up yeah we get it yeah oh fuck
yeah all right wait are you gonna read
me a bedtime story it's like no I have
your bedtime story
Little Miss Muffet by Mother Goose well
that's like an audiobook intro Little
Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet eating her
curds and whey uh yes you did a long
thin spider who sat down beside her and
frightened miss muffet
home mine is half-past 9:00 at night
I am stupidly to put help us nine I
fucking wish yourself last night it is
half past 12:00 at night I am so damn
tired I just want to get to bed and then
just get eight hours sleep it's half
12:00 now I wake up at nine o'clock
eight and a half hours sleep or set bars
where absolutely so to wrap up today's
vlog here actually like go and subscribe
and I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m.
UK time for the next vlog and on that
same note don't forget February 20th not
November yesterday I said November
February 20th the new syndicate original
limited edition shirts for now if you
want to get it get it on the day it's
out it's never being sold again get it
wasa top connect leave a comment saying
dick drawings are delicious it sounds
weird
