are you taking the piss
as fuck ablated oles my plans gonna get
what but it's fucking late in LA again
get your shit together sky
does this look sexual because it's
supposed to do either way it is 2:45 in
the afternoon and I just woke up whoop
I've gone hour and 15 minutes before
herself to the airport to go to Texas a
lot of the free of fast food burgers
shotguns and yeah look at its how could
one man have so many odd socks and yes
if you wonder if that's a man thong yes
it is and you're wondering why I've got
it
some of you all know I've got my bags
packed and ready to go suitcase check
glasses check watch keys phone check all
right I'm good to go and I've just gotta
wait so in minutes before I set off time
to FAP ready to rock yeah made it to the
airport time to check in and I think
I've got like two hours before my flight
so loads of time I'm just gonna sit back
and hopefully play the division on my
laptop
tickets are quite made it through
security now I'm heading to may be
rockin bruised for some food I don't
want hilary's I'm just meeting up with
her but I am fucking starving
look you our fan yes she is
oh I don't play the division well I was
so outside 12v the entire time and then
I was like Hilary where the fuck I
didn't she was like 18 so Houston what
we were both wrong it's actually Austin
12a we both failed
we made it to 12a and it's not here
either you try are you having me on
history cameras and I've been pranked
are we doing a scare PewDiePie prank
syndicate thing maybe I'm gonna kill you
seriously if we would have just waited
here for one more second it would have
had on screen let's fucking do i
bollocks
me and Hillary decided not to sit next
to each other but enough distance about
that we can still see each other all
right
by the way for the record we're not
dating the amount of people we think I'm
dating is pretty damn oh sorry your
photo bomber that I got that
he's pretty Deborah dick goes the
environment
right now Mary's proposal on the plate
yeah sure
surprise cut down Hillary
every stability
I've got about one more hour to go and
then were texts now let me explain I
thought this ticket was for Coco
coca-cola
and the kids to follow my gut the
drinking begins
she is
in extra calories got a special drink
disgusting
what the fuck was it filming me we made
it to Texas how you feeling how are ya
and now it's midnight now we have to go
home and go to bed
psych - if I don't go to toilet I'm
gonna explode what the fuck is going on
just say it's midnight the fuckers got
jackhammer in an earful
shit daddy so much I had to go all the
way around round one round porky come as
well aim and fire I was aiming for you
it was at this moment
Hillary knew she fucked up this is why
you don't check back this is why you put
everything into the tightest case ever
did you bring the singer lots of things
what did you bring that was not big
enough for this Lots imploding the size
of my bug versus Hillary's ollie
what are you okay hell so this is the
line that people just waiting for cars
to pick them off but when if you see
that taxi over there see that line of
people it goes
all the way down there that's the taxi
line holy shit I'm making this clear
right now this is a full an adventure of
me and Hillary alright this is that this
is the adventure we're together for ten
days and for six days in the trip is
just you and me yep you guys think of
the world oh oh we get it we get it but
yeah it's six days of you and me I wish
four or six days six days yeah cuz I'm
we're going to I wanna four and a half
five five days of just you and me yeah
so we have to drink a lot of alcohol and
pie hard deal and not eat a lot I know
is pretzels Oh what the scuba driver is
turning the fuck up over here look at
that he's got lights in the and and he's
got earpiece in water fucking row ball
and we made it to Austin Texas how far
is it away from where the destination is
see you the morning
no drinking alcohol all right I don't
wanna see you in the morning with a
hangover you watch it she's dangerous
this all looks like the best food to you
this time and I want o'clock in the
morning burgers and chicken strips well
I've made it to my hotel with the food
that I've already devoured for this is
my hotel key and it's not a hotel it's
someone's apartments I can Airbnb that
they run it out
and from the location it seems like it's
gonna be really nice but that's the key
to get the elevator I have to hold it
wait for the elevator to be and then I
could go into it so we're gonna be doing
a apartment review I got the hiccups I
have no idea
we've got damnit wait I have no idea
what room I'm staying
oh alright so I made it to the apartment
and we're gonna do a hotel room tour
it's not a hotel it's actually someone's
apartment that they put up for rent for
the South by Southwest event and
legendaries rented out for me so let's
do a tour
it seems pretty fucking awesome alright
we walk in what the hell is in these
cupboards oh we got a washer and dryer
in here okay I'm definitely gonna use
that because by the way I only brought
enough stuff in this bag to last me five
days and I found out I'm here for ten
what we're going here we got
okay like utilities that's cool cool
that's going here now check this shit
out
oh yeah damn Daniel back at it again
oh this is nice I'm gonna sell covert
yeah what the hell did they give me a
microphone ready to rock and roll
would you look at that Oh what this is
fucking beautiful oh my gosh yeah I'm
okay with this this is a dope-ass
apartment that's kitschy nice everything
I saw this is a nice bathroom where's
the button oh there it is nice bathroom
I like it I like it I'll look at this to
get it all laid out for me oh this is
beautiful
dear legendary thank you very much for
the apartment it is delicious
what's in here total was it what what
what inception the door opens that seems
kind of random but either way that's
pretty fucking cool I believe this may
as apartment may own
I'm own may belong to a woman because
this looks like a lot of women's product
but if we go in here would you just look
where's the white which is throwing
random was nice oh now this I can fuck
with this is perfect
well hello Austin Texas my name is Tom
and I'll be vacant making your premises
for the next few days and this wait
let's do a test you ready all right Oh
oh my god oh my god that's that's
amazing all right so apartment room tour
what do I give it out of 10
oh man this is uh we've never done like
a probably shit there's a goddamn
walking wardrober really fast over that
there's a walk-in wardrobe holy shit
okay I'm gonna give this off light
initial books and the components of the
bed and everything they're timeless yo
this photo fuck is getting a 9 out of 10
this is solid now there was one rule in
the entire apartment pretty much and the
rule was do not drink their alcohol so
I'm not gonna drink that alcohol but
what I might do because it's someone
from legendary I believe who's run it
out I might buy them a new bottle of
wine I was like a nice little present
like a gift so this is this is fucking
knee I like this a lot I am impressed
now to impress myself even more I
decided to buy one of these oh my god
water like dawn oh that looks like this
looks like it's gonna kill me food taste
test damn that's really good the only
one thing I'm struggling to find in this
entire apartment now usually you're 12
amis you have like like big booklets of
things like tiny where everything is or
what to do and I received one letter
that had like the address and just a
little bit of information for me but I
can't find the internet and I might be
like Oh get over it you don't need in an
hour like I need to live a fucking vlog
I don't no idea in the slightest where
this internet box is I'm looking
everywhere near every power socket and I
can't find it so either this person
doesn't have internet which doesn't make
sense because over there this is a
certificate I found a certificate that
says I was just like about to put my
stuff down on desk and it says AdWords
certification from Google so this
person's internet savvy I probably met
this person like a million times at
legendary but never fucking realize this
is here it is what I can't find the
Wi-Fi rocks ah ethylene it's a potato
Eureka I managed to find this box which
is the television which has an Ethernet
cable in the back so I traced it down
and found the Internet
yeah it was under here success so I
found the Internet and it's 2:00 a.m.
guys so I'm gonna go to bed and wake up
in about seven and a half hours to begin
tomorrow
day one of proper Austin Texas so yeah
let's do this thank you very much for
watching bit of a random vlog we lost to
I would have been out Patti we feel it
eaten eyeball
I traveled out here skip two hours ahead
therefore like by the time I got here
all the bars are closed so fortunately
no drinking refill adieu tonight that
might be tomorrow so until that folks
watch it I love you guys faces make sure
to LIKE rate and subscribe
and prepare for adventures and most
obviously a lot of drunken drunkard and
shit going on because it's Texas and
South by Southwest and lots of French
tip time so yeah
