good morning will it is currently 5:00
in the afternoon
I set my alarm for 12:00 and I press
snooze every 10 minutes till 10 o'clock
I think that means I pressed it 30 times
whole we nipples oh yeah by the way I'm
in the bath well Sidda stop doing
nothing today and get him a haircut
because I'm going to Texas tomorrow and
I want to look somewhat good so before
and just like that were trim and cut and
ready to go
man good jump and look if notice the
silvers pretty much all out my hand out
I'm a little bit some of it you can tell
now you can see my hair in a better
light look at it what the Silver's all
almost gonna look like I've just got
like grain Oh greatness like chipping
away either way we got done oh my god
looks she did a good job man he looks
nice and clean and trim so success that
way I didn't film this one just because
he was like late at night and there's
only like three people in the entire
Bible so I don't want to just be that
like be in a video you know so I just
let her just chill up get every work
done because I knew she was finishing
after that other than that was that so
we're good time to water some food
because I am starving have you also
noticed I always film like this never
like this so you can actually enjoy like
what's going on behind me it's always
like the sky I'm sorry early 11 o'clock
at night and I don't have a car to be
able to drive anyway so I decided to
water in food this time I actually
wanted fast food not like ribs or
anything like that delivered to my door
I wanted fast food so I made the worst
decision ever of ordering McDonald's oh
my god I'm literally gonna myself
tonight
good dog waiting for his owner to arrive
I the delivery thing that notifies you
saying your foods here like pop took
like five minutes ago and he's been
currently taking five minutes to get pop
into my building so I'm just walking
around waiting for him like please just
arrive soon Bless America
I got all this delivered to my front
door Oh all I'm doing is sitting on my
ass but how many lives I've got one two
three four five six okay joy how hard
that was for me to count
saying I'm glad he didn't steal any as I
dip it into my sauce and mmm such a bad
decision but
and so don't know why I did this to
myself 6:44 am in less than 12 hours I'm
 going to goddamn Texas like this
makes no sense for you to be awake right
now I'm editing a video to go on my main
jobs have not uploaded forever so when I
like crazy csgo gambling spree last
night and it went great so can't wait
for you guys to see what happened on
this ball this is gonna take a half an
hour out to render that's gonna put me
through to 7 a.m. and I still haven't
packed my bags to go to Texas with good
time and what you call a auto failure so
what I might do but I don't know if it's
a good idea or not is a ever go to bed
for like 4 or 5 hours or I get up now
and go to the shopping center which I
need to go to get some new socks get
some new boxes which I need for track
obviously for traveling with and then
pack my suitcase I don't have good get
back go to sleep and I get up last
minute and go to the airport I don't
know what to do that ought to just wake
up later and leave it last minute ah
this is even gonna be a bad decision
either one done it is done 7:40 and I
think I'm just gonna go to bed for like
five hours let's just say five hours I
just know it's his look we're 35
thousand subscribers away from 2 million
on the vlogging channel so honestly
thank you to everyone who's showing all
the crazy spot along the way on this
channel
it is my baby and I want to see it grow
and grow and grow and you and me go and
do insane adventures I also need to
update this because I still don't
I don't bloom there anymore so this
needs to go even though it looks
epic ah so tired
hey o'clock in the morning now time for
a good old cup of tea because I'm
British I don't know why I thought I was
gonna go to the store and do all that
 I said I was gonna do like that
would be a really really bad idea but
the lime in the coconut didn't say
though take care with it the lime in the
coconut together what is that song on a
coffee so I'm gonna leave a comment down
below and actually really like to know
and by the way that this isn't I'm not
drinking alcohol for a long time give me
a bad day I probably drinking alcohol
listen I'm not an alcoholic you guys
give me so much and people that you
watch my videos give me so much
about me drink you so much alcohol like
what for like a week straight now I'm
not gonna need to drink I think
maybe I have but let's I'm drinking but
they're people watch the phones that
you're always partying it's like well
every random or the weekend maybe and
then when I do drink I get really
 drunk so yeah do drink a lot
 I know in today's vlog I basically
did bollocks all but I have guide to bed
now cuz it's 8:30 in the morning I don't
know why I keep doing this to myself but
I've gotta wet this blog upload it and
then begin my adventure tomorrow so if
you want to join me or what is gonna be
a fun set of days adventure I've been
waiting for this for so long I've been
sick of hermit crab in in my apartment
and just maybe going out a few days or a
little to shop someone I like I want to
get out an adventure but I wanted to
travel the world or do some crazy
as I'm not up but I always I'd like a
little meeting here that was really
important that I had to go to her
something that was holding me back or I
was just took my power all day
so now we're ready for the next week in
Texas so G ha if you guys are
excited make sure you with why crane
let's try and hit 50,000 click subscribe
I'll see you tomorrow we're adventuring
off to Austin Texas good night good
morning good bye
