gonna leave without saying goodbye what
I pay is whispered it wasn't whispering
if I could hear it I would walk across
this but you would completely see
something I don't want to see I'm trying
to you know drink water but there seems
to be a guest what are you doing mate
look at this look at that
the Oh ho-ho the cats are invading even
but see there here's two clips from
yesterday one of me dancing with a cat
and then to Lydia was playing for
tonight I managed to you don't actually
see the video of a killing someone but
she said she killed someone and I
believe it because the reaction is
pretty intense so I killed someone I
killed someone
this one killed me body killed someone
watching hawks overage again if you've
never seen it amazing for true story
absolutely incredible watching it for
the first time so sudden it aren t pause
people ii saved on that on the current
situation download in the for tonight
i'm a playstation broke
Lydia's trying to get some kills again
you got you got this what did you do you
actually series that you don't know
you've got anything on your back did you
lean on the chalk Oh may I follow you
and Bert must have like bird diarrhea
you it's all of your arms okay okay
Oh teaching Lydia how to play for I just
did a game good quick just to be like so
she could see like how I play and I just
19 kills and king-6 place oh no no no no
sorry
I got seven kills and came ninth place
there we go alright but no my brother
Martin said and he wants himself a GoPro
tomorrow so let's do it
listen Mac just because you've got a
tiny goddamn head and a thin ass no AAA
yeah okay he's making it's making
everyone try the money please please
tell me it's not me he's got a time yet
is that fine on you guys finally you've
got a real yes show me show me I'm
smaller Eddie's let me see this this is
like a small right cigar masks look at
it
I wonder if you're going to drown out
there maybe yo oh that isn't I do like
that car I think it's a very very beast
of a car but it doesn't be this boy ie
plan on going out meeting up with
brought tea the ginger whale flicker I
don't know we're gonna meet up with him
big yeah yeah I know I thought about
that one as well he's invited me to go
and go bowling and then to a casino
afterwards interested in that out for
some drinks so gonna go do that not
gonna get to spank Nangal or anything
like that bought which is Chris the
other night go so we're gonna try and go
to a restaurant now called San Carlo if
they still got a table available for us
if not McDonald's she's taking me to a
fancy restaurant got the old st. John
you know syndicate she's got a nice new
scarf on Christmas I got a very fancy do
story time with Tom
I just told buddy this the way I
discovered bar Mohammed is I went to my
friend's birthday pally by Elliot really
now Elliot really for a start
ordered a dish that volume of mine I was
like you've just started a plate of ham
and melon on Maloney here I was like
what the heck Ollie until reading this
menu and looking at the theme of the
menus
did I realize that this is the dish that
introduced me to Parma ham for the very
first time for sure Nara and Maloney
what am i known in Parma ham from the
gear and chilli oh really this is what
he got that's exactly what I got to the
table and tried it them from that day on
oh my god all right thank you thank you
oh my days
yeah I could just eat this as a main
course on its own already yes I'm not
knocking it inside right but that does
not look impressed for the slightest
however Oh beyond me
look at her there look at that lady's
dish amazing
the dish looks like that tastes amazing
the one thing I missed about la is the
lobsters like look at the size of this
Lobster it's a tiny little cute Lobster
where's one lino ili Saji of age well
let's see what tastes like very chewy
tasty but it definitely makes me realize
I look about a thousand times more well
I must say I absolutely noot that
Lobster excuse everyone I knew that
Lobster within about 15 billion seconds
I excelled first woody has still got her
entire breast on her chest wave fries
are really nice I tell you I ordered
sauteed spinach with garlic and oh my
god is it intense a bit goodbye cuties
oh boy oh boy all right
taxi time it's absolutely please it
Manchester I got me already got my coat
on but woody L it is Rama London
Manchester there's a bloody police riot
van turning up all those people trying
to get into revolution to Cuba but I'm
going all star lanes this is where I'm
going bowling with Bodie right and he's
told me about
you can pay for a shot of whiskey that
cost like 100 pounds but if you buy it
so put your name on the wall for wise
hell yeah oh my god this is staying
forever are you gonna do it oh that is
very very tempting my friend
what did you get what did you get 67
there you go all those times would
practice you recount a - to get 67 I
really put up with my despair and then a
three but you know what 67 come back
right no I'm gonna do I do with my
sister's boyfriend first right so I
think it's safe to say the times I've
been playing with cow have paid off my
god
the first game I managed to win I got 67
nice name oh yes hope this absolutely oh
look at it I don't know who is going to
be food here mini corn dogs please
hey this place is an absolutely awesome
little bowling land there's a bar Bowie
rented this out all these friends and
just a rigid by me so I appreciate your
time here we go here we go he wants to
strike he's gonna get it I'm getting the
cells away now there's ten pounds and
he's it is totally 120 quid off me so
we'll see
listen if you get this pin now we've
tied for the highest score game of the
night come on gum gum gum gum gum gum go
go go go go if you got it I by no way
oh there we go Louise good 67 I'm doing
so shit right now I want to show it yeah
this isn't going too well time
yeah I don't dungus I was gonna say
double or nothing but I my first go on
the next game is started with a strike
okay okay I'm leaving now alright buddy
you gonna do this bubbling you can do
this alright honey just oh my god turkey
turkey so close hey lady there's there's
money on the line on this game and one
of the pins has fallen over you know
what I'm gonna do it
film this
I just got strike literally just made a
strike happen if I can do YouTube for a
living I'm pretty sore insubordinate
didn't record I will Keaney kids but
what do you do
Hey
honey
the opportunity of a turkey burn of all
these people a fucking burn the turkey
God service just for the record if you
don't win this I win 20 point of view
and 20 foot of you all right he has to
get it you have to get a strike now
you have to get a strike oh my god here
we go oh I'm so sorry dude I felt be
there I fell for your mum spaghetti
someone fix your spaghetti gum gum gum
gum gum come on - yo where's your money
man owes me money
yes I win my money back up you've hands
this is a sad know that I absolutely
love all of Boeing's friends that are
absolute legend super nice the fact that
all of them know each other like they
all know each other and just randomly
here on my own is awesome I super
friendly folk and Tommy Adam your legend
do you remember that bottle of whiskey
shopping I showed you the star and we're
now doing a 1v1 as the winner war winner
buys the shot of whiskey stop with your
pound or the other person but is the
president since their name goes off the
girl yes I'm sorry you lose yeah the
loser has to buy the shots the first I
saw that name goes off so there's a long
window others or whatever so we're doing
it we're doing a hundred I learned this
BAM game fuck all you guys shot whiskey
so winning a scholarship
now this is looking great Oh Weibo
office what's up foot so during that
Lane
yes the lady fine so we're not late I'm
in this plane yeah we need to get them
to reset it males if this is a 100-pound
game this is the great stuff may the
best man win 100 pound on the other one
let's do that I just got a strike first
game what's happening I am losing I
don't I just got another strike I don't
like I don't know you can bring this
back yet
you're on 36 I am on 66 obviously by
border do it
hey I'll give you 50 cool if you can do
that make up in 50 quid
are you ready right hey it's already
filming it's filming let's see if I can
be 67 hi each one pin
Oh quiet
final game of the night I'm money just
go 74 verses 36 dad damn damn damn
even though I would I'm gonna switch it
to let Bodi put his name on the wall but
because they don't do it anymore they
still got spat claps so if they can give
you one of the plaques I'll take it to a
place get Bowie's name like engraved in
it and put it on the wall because the
finally has been that age is now if I
can get Bowie's name on the wall and he
stays there forever it's like a win for
Bugsy invited me out tonight so try and
hook him up with his name on the wolf
like ever
if I can do that awesome if not fuck
shit happens but the managers like we'll
try and start it out game use card I'm
hoping we can do it so fingers crossed I
feel like this is the perfect for music
to walk out of this building with goes
you can I'm in play good games my friend
good games you win some you lose some
I won the final game of the night hey
this is grave vlogging like hey is it
work yes doing yeah ok you can you know
you killed ginger mate this is this not
even a scream I thought it was gonna
light up and show most make the whole
thing me these bitches are absolutely
terrible minute
do you look ready for in every single
photo I am so confused
it looks good though hey to wood all
right that's that's still the first one
and the OGS it's still really impressive
like the first to a terrible but the
bugs who are beautiful ones yeah they're
really first one was supposed to be like
anything and you did something the
second one you do look terrified third
one is kind of sexy and the fourth one
is even sexier don't tell the wife don't
tell the wife I have to admit that was
an amazing night I think half these
people now are gonna go out clubbing and
half of those are gonna go to the casino
so let's see I would see what happens
I've sussed out Adams friendship group
keep gingers nearby doc ginger berry
ginger super ginger and the ginger serve
them all yes I like it
these wings for days wow it's almost
like we turned up to the shittiest part
in the world I feel like we're us I feel
like we're at a school disco why yes
thanks one yes it's somewhere you dated
Jenna yeah yeah this has like past
memories with Bowie but well you you did
okay tonight because she made as much
money as you came in with I broke even a
bus yeah I unfortunately lost money but
you know what I don't do this every day
so shit happens don't you do this face
is that you still owe me order to quit
I need to resonate with your fine
whiskey we have to go always be a
hundred pound in whiskey it's now six
cooking on it
so I'm gonna set chairs thank you very
much for all some time in the modern I
yeah seven o'clock in the money but
thank you very much for tonight I thank
you guys for watching make sure you
leave a like rate subscribe I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. ish the next
daily vlog I don't know what I'm gonna
get this headed yeah
what a night thank you very much for the
invite you're welcome oh I am going
through insomnia 62 are you I'm like
every night every will be there at the
bar at the casino or will be having some
fun so see you guys then thanks for
tuning in
I've got a goal now because I need to
start tomorrow's walk so much love I
appreciate you and I study us
