it's dawn it's a new day it's currently
like two o'clock in the afternoon
oh I just got up and I have got so much
stuff to do today but you guys are
probably not the same reason why that is
is because I've got like loads of promo
stuff that I do for some companies so
I'm just not gonna be filming it you
know okay so for once in LA it's not
traffic it's a film crew of people being
like yeah wait this is a pretty big film
crew well these are superhero stunts
going on cuz there's police everywhere
what me and Hillary not here realer than
we've decided we're gonna seek in and
find out what the hell's going on
we're just gonna look like director
director from England upset director
from England we're doing Oh they've got
a dirty car damn it we don't get to look
at any more we decided to go to a
restaurant right next to it no America
stop putting pickles on everything
you're ruining my life out here for
goodness sake
but either way does look spicy food
review okay
you give yours an eight point one that's
pretty damn good I'm giving mine a seven
point seven reason one is one because it
was good it was really tasty flavor was
incredible bought he said fried and it
was bad
that's quite obviously number one but
then also you can clearly tell that that
sauce is massively just ketchup mixed
with something else but not like a
proper proper sauce but it was nice but
not quite not quite not - not quite
gotcha oh now that is some privilege
right there they have - oh this is gonna
cause chaos it's gonna cause so much
chaos so what was it called the last
ship Hillary where are the ships point
them out
got it got a good joke that didn't get
that's what the wallet was for they were
hosing down the walk like the sidewalk
okay that's pretty interesting oh oh oh
that's gonna ruin the take it's good
really you need to cut
may this guy is raving so hard look at
him
I'm eight he's going for it I'm so going
for it yes Oh his chrome top his tits I
think I think the excitement might make
him crash oh no he's good
oh no I was even gonna vlog it this
person had one minute left on the clock
so we magically made more time appear on
them and they didn't come back and how
they've got a ticket we tried we gave
you like an extra 11 minutes coming off
your pad so mean Hillary are doing lines
for a viola I'm doing and you try to
pronounce that name there
sergej Sergei pred vas Sergei so Jay
present Barsky
there's a bus key I can't do that
someone in the comments like set that up
in my bird what's it called when you
broke what score you break the words
down so you can say it what you do like
cats oh you do oh yeah you got done
doing vo set one when I doing Bo set to
sound effects grunting give me your best
shot
oh my god you're gonna be a star so I
was in the Sun pretty much uh yesterday
and not too bad you're in the Sun you
look bright red look at ya you're gonna
be in pain tonight you really Hey
teamwork vo done boom there we go I'm
now gonna play a little bit division
before I'm Plains plants vs. zombies
alike so that's my part of night now you
might do me favor and get out the
apartment under great and uh yes yeah by
one o'clock in the morning I have done
playing plants vs. zombies probably
played it for about four hours tonight
so yeah
what I cook in morning I'm now gonna use
that time to livestream me playing the
division and see if why the new computer
set but I'm doing is if you guys haven't
been up to date with wobbling tweeting
I'll just let you guys know as you guys
see this right now I've got a three
monitor cell that way you could drag
something over there you can drag it
over there it's really good for like
productivity and movement sure about the
ball it's bad for right now is
but I've got is I can't have my graphics
card in SLI what that means is these two
graphics card work together to like
increase the performance of whatever it
is you're trying to do now let me just
say this I might be 100% wrong with this
book for what's actually happened it's
proven right so after all this time
right this is a 1000 it was at the time
like a $1500 graphics card when I got it
now these two graphics cards were in a
new I thought they were both in SLI
where they're supposed to work together
you know to do a really good job what
turns out is my night perch highlights
on Twitter because I was talking about
my graphics being fucked up everything
he joking was why I could but you
haven't even got it in SLI so I was like
because I've got it in SLI about the
computer for about three and a half
years it's just probably running old and
slow and that's why it's not performing
well so yesterday I was like I'm just
gonna you know mess around with some
settings I'm going what grades Windows
10 I'm gonna do a bunch of different
shit to the computer you know to try and
speed it up on installs and shift
programs and just clean the whole
computer up then after being like
Windows 10 great I look to my settings I
noticed that my graphics card this
entire time were not currently in SLI
which means that $1,000 extra graphics
card that I had in there was basically
doing nothing though 20 computer people
out there who were like you're fucking
wrong I have no idea what computers do
that just turn it on and it makes magic
happen boy I really wanna be able to
build my own computer eventually I know
all the ins and outs and specs of things
because if I look at that computer I'm
just like you work I'm okay with this
you don't work I'm not okay with this
that's how my mind works but we are
actually working on a new PC soon so
we'll see how that goes with the with
the help of a few different companies so
we're gonna be getting some updated swag
because that's two seven eight UTIs and
I'm pretty sure like the highest
graphics card out is out now is like a
980ti something so I'm really far behind
this couple except the computers like
two and a half years old or something so
we're playing catch-up and when we play
catch-up oh it's gonna be good Joe until
I decide to get things sorted out and
doing properly I decided to turn my
screen sideways attach it to my laptop
so I can have the twitch chat on here
and attempt to stream with a screen like
this oh look how big my twitch chat will
be that is fucking awesome all these she
Rindy seven has been subscribe to me on
Twitch first not seven for 28 months in
a row holy shit hey the divisions
working oh well you know what I actually
managed to get my phone out to out to
film a bet I haven't been on csgo bottle
in forever finally go on and lost thirty
dollars bought it's 4:30 in the morning
and I'm watch just because I just love
the optic guys I need to get running ups
and season two going on so as soon as I
get time I'll organize it five o'clock
in morning I'm going to bed ladies and
gentleman so thank you very much for
watching today's vlog tomorrow I don't
have any plans I don't think I don't
have anything in the schedule of
organization in my life but I will see
you guys tomorrow there we'll see what
happens
make sure you leave a like where and
subscribe I'll see you guys then get
ready for adventure because Texas is
coming soon
