ten tenten tenten tenten tenten tenten
tenten tenten Durand don't don't don't
don't
terror and I am officially British and I
just wanted to fuck up another course a
mini like I don't know it's wider than
Michael Jackson but this might be quite
I'm a couple is why the Michael Jackson
fucked off
oh my favorite friendlies over how you
doing snowboard shred now on earth you
should not read a geek you know not in
my try Paul Anka according to you you
will you are try Polanco that's that's
true and I don't know unofficially true
snowman snowman snowy what oh look at
those like doctors with our white shirts
on hello
vlog for today is done I do look tired
light anyway vlogs done for today it's
time to get into the zone look at this
this looks dope yeah what came first the
chicken or the egg yeah after doing my
recent study yeah or if he came and what
came for us I realized and I understood
that they both came with the same I'll
fuck this guy hahaha introducing the
headphone 9000 mini lad coming to a
theater near you what do you think dude
these headphones ring you got this at
the pound store these are no bro we own
about these are like what's that's
awesome pounds each I can't give you the
sound quality's too good yet kid dude I
know right look at it
what's the even connectome worst these
are called the potato my brother these
are the potato nine thousands would you
buy them I mean I already have five
pairs I'm a sponsored by potatoes are us
oh so Shay nothing I'm using their
account about cases I'm a drunk at knife
they're onto me nah man get this mouse
out of a signed by Elliott I brought my
own book it da good huh thank you so
much la even this is so much I'm trying
really like you earlier by the way I
have my mouse with me man we've kicked
some shells and people running this is
gonna be good first challenge we're
doing csgo I'm gonna tell you what
challenges well he's pretty good at csgo
right pretty good when I say pretty good
he's actually what's your rank ah
I used to be dmg and then to the new
strain system I went down to goal number
one oh right I don't know a chick in the
bed oh that's not be cocky here probably
gonna die oh this home at you man listen
all I'm saying like this is a great this
is great choice we're gonna be playing
some dice
not telling you what we're doing are you
ready to play no are you and you read it
fucking die oh shit bro rope merrill
army by yeah fire this is like a normal
thing right every Friday I love it I
like hell I was like oh shit fire and
you guys roll out the fire Segura oh
thank you secured it again dude GG more
french fries awesome
go on get it go on there's no key window
raise another one shower look a liaison
everything he's branded even this is
branded everything this sort of a bitch
when I see him when I see him in legends
of gaming season two got a punch him in
his dick everyone go tweet le ace I'm
gonna put you in his dick wait is that
gay so why are you trying to make I was
painting it good to hear her people
email what are you saying what I'm
watching
what are though what what I wish you
could zoom in like with like snapchat
guys now oh my god these are heaven if
you go near a shop buy them and just
orgasm man this is without a doubt the
best season of legends of gaming I've
ever done how you join it so far
this is dudes honestly actually somebody
has two seasons were kind of like Matt
gameplay-wise but this one oh my god
solid yeah yeah good time there's the
salt of videos that I'd want to put on
my channel cuz it's that good but we got
our ramen noodles we're gonna go eat and
I'm gonna get back at it and try and get
the grind on before 6 o'clock so I need
to head back and see my mom for a
birthday so let's get off the shit so
you got chilli chicken but look at mine
I got the wagamama special I got chicken
I think I got I got prawn
I got mussels I got egg on my guy we're
doing a team we didn't have accents ah
it's just a little things you never got
like irish meets America meets British
it's a if I say Northern Ireland there's
the accent yeah if I say Bridge I forget
the team lady you see your eyes just let
up shake
yeah so we've got Essex Manchester slash
Londoner very very firm winner and then
your life brother is a need I know yeah
camera game step in for camera game time
to do the intros and outros all right
what's going on guys it's Nick here and
today we have an awesome team up match
of me and mini lad playing on the
PlayStation 4 place this boy I've gone
out before myself what's going on guys
to get here and today we have an awesome
team up match between me and mini 1
where we gonna be playing the
PlayStation 4 fold wait a minute what
the hell is this script wait where is it
where is it was it right there remember
to like the video if you want to see
where this concert also falls into of
some dank memes that's you this you're
doing again that's that's me happy when
dank maymays are involved boom then I
like your face a lot mate this is how
I've got a handshake right this is as
simple movie yours or mine it's the
click man thing also how you can't do
any more
no I lost your power to slow so down oh
yeah yes how we do apparently that's
that's what Londoners do what an
absolutely useless child spilt coke down
mateship edge okay Billy take your
t-shirt off take it out yes here on set
we're trying a fake Snickers aka a
sprinters and my reaction is wait this
is a madman no I just got nuts in it yes
oh you think it's not using so much not
bad okay
alright since I've been on this set
we've just been non-stop talking about
the chicken or the egg
alright so we finally decided to ask
Siri so didn't have a fucking clue that
minute so we started we asked Safari
Google and what came first that check
and bladder the chicken blood so the
chicken came first so thank God I didn't
put 4,000 dollar bet on that otherwise
been bankrupt are you
in the wild a naked man with clothes on
oh yeah
zoom into his face one second to be
polish oh yes would you look at what you
and their national control look at
actually damn I am so tired right now
rushing to get all the shots doing for
the end of the day which was a bit
stressful because I was forgetting all
my lines oh let's get the next one
sure okay so goodbye boys I'll see you
later
say goodbye to the vlog yeah that's good
one row in this guy you can say goodbye
this way I'm actually going running in
here quickly
I think it's thumbnail button and then
rushing off to the train station as fast
as possible made it to the train station
I'm gonna try and see if this is the
right ticket to get me home I was like
it doesn't say return on it so I was
like shit what the fuck am I gonna do so
that took me 30 minutes in a taxi to get
to train station I got to our train
hopefully I don't miss it otherwise I
have to wait another hour
I got a probably stupidly late for my
mom's thing so fingers crossing this guy
I always fucking rush everywhere 10
minutes later I had to gone buy a new
ticket because the train ticket that I
used apparently just didn't have a
fucking return on it so now I'm going
back here so I think we're good on the
trees well it has begun the drinking has
commenced Alice and my mum have already
been drinking at home so I have to catch
up with the ASAP because they're gonna
be drinking for the next two hours and I
have to turn up and buy hard with them
so I try my best
also tell me
by the Illuminati triangle Illuminati
Kappa I think I've got about 15 to 20
minutes left on the train as soon as
they get off the train in a taxi could
take me 20 minutes to get to my house
and then I can finally go celebrate my
mom for a birthday so I'm trying our
best to get home as fast as possible 12
million like ratings and I'll pull that
lever I mean just here at the train
station go outside I was like what the
fuck is going on get chased by like 20
lines here what could all these guys oh
sorry the phone's there close your face
half are just but I'm throwing these
guys in the vlog because they're legends
anyway I got yourselves don't do any
crazy shit I'm going to enjoy God
hello oh no oh my god I'll just smell
like curry did y'all carry a little bit
nice to meet you okay okay take a look
inside oh oh oh you were all just
crushing my ear but I saw yeah I'm here
I made it well I have only just got back
to my house I'm not even spent one night
sleeping in my house your house go get
everyone our house has just been made by
like women I'm not even supposed to be
here I don't think my mum's up at a
birthday pie at my house
little sue over it yeah you are
extremely small look at you you're only
up to my shortlist um give it oh my gosh
oh we did good oh we did good high five
I am so done tired it's beyond real my
least I've made it home
my mum's happy she celebrating with
friends and as much as I'm gonna get in
my bed and fall asleep I can't I gotta
get down there celebrating oh my gosh
honestly so thankful but what are you
doing so thankful for the legends of
gaminguys let me finish early on the
shoot today managed to get home in time
in there look yo that's I know you're
tweeting you're so shit don't follow her
on Twitter she's she's the worst
neighbor ever just coming in here to
make sure the women haven't been on the
motorbikes and I walk in find a fucking
Peter on the pool what's going on here
Karen Karen Karen drink nutshot I'll
blow it available for you in a minute
happy birthday David promised but we
never celebrate your birthday while your
homies your homies are taking on my
house how do you feel
little shit so the drunk women want to
be in the block so just let them be in
it and everyone just leave a comment
saying you're all awesome yes
this is not negotiable fuck it
alright look at them all they're just so
rascal but I'm gonna wait and see how
long it takes them to hate you I'm just
going over there and just wait that's
fun it's fun
I've already taken it now you look great
you're great you're driving love of tits
apparently someone's in the swimming
pool what were you doing everybody yeah
get on the shark wait wait I'll give you
the Dolphins get on the dolphin it's not
difficult just get on the don't be
gentle addicted to them yes you nailed
it and failed it fuck this is why I'm a
glass wall I can spy all the people
below my feet I found myself a blue
little cookie wants to sue are you doing
oh so good
listen this is our reunited faces look
at it I missed you so much
aha you stumbled haha sure shit boy a
thin ladies and gentlemen
dead dead a Londoner
director you just I don't know who it
belongs to little John Miller right is
it hang on switch this ah fucking work
is so weird
this is not as soon as black gnats
oh shit right hello because Tommy's the
friendly neighborhood Cookie Monster
right now and all the women are really
drunk and I'm sober as hell I'm walking
all the women home literally one by one
so Traci my awesome neighbor also got
mother-in-law mother godmother godmother
godmother let's cross the road for me
I'm walking around so shouldn't take me
like to take her off I wish aka neighbor
whoa yeah no no no yo yo anyway maybe
not okay all the women are outside I am
literally the butler tonight this one
was birthday I'm fine doing it but I'm
running about bottles of Prosecco okay
alcohol and champagne all night so
that's my job I like it a lot oh I hate
your face wait a minute
we found a wild Alice a lava sister I
mean neighbor neighbor what are you
doing out of my house I thought you look
next door
wait you doing shots
what a fucking legend why is it a
separately and that is what Hey ha ha ha
that's what fun we do ladies and
gentlemen the Internet welcome Karen
hello you can say this is your chance to
say whatever you want to say to all the
people who watch the
I look nice or we should spend more time
at home with his mom
I should every day twice on Sundays I
guess I love my mom's now get out of it
you're bloody drunk bastard good out of
here
can we just wish Cameron Cameron
come on Shelby birthday Cheers okay so
Tom's got his torch on because
apparently someone just jumped out of a
hot tub and fell downstairs sure I get
the fuck up of Micra it's called as
forked like literal Emma get up come on
you bullshit listen you can't be
throwing yourself out the hot tub it's
not a negotiable situation correct
always every single fucking woman in
this household is drunk I literally just
said every single person in this house
or the druggie
I gave like you said but must I hope I
got that video that's my sister trying
to slice my neck with a nut fucking dive
you bitch yeah it's only 2:30 in the
morning but I've received intelligence
that mom's asleep you ready
she's adorable come with you what's up
matter well my mama's been partying way
too hard so I'll go a glass of water
when she wakes up nunna go Shabbat my
sister is literally forcing me to do
shots
nope
