I look so damn tired the weather is
actually really nice outside now after
the storm the storm has weathered and
that's that and that the voice The
Anointed voice you can hear is me
talking making sure you so there's vlogs
okay because it's currently 3:15 in the
afternoon I look like I don't look like
a potato like a Brussels sprout and and
we go back to it there is no way at all
that this is the weather I was expecting
to wake up to oh my god it's beautiful
absolutely beautiful
what difference a day can make well I
say I can't I went to bed at ridiculous
time so I had about eight hours sleep
since the storm and like the skies are
ridiculously clear those clouds but you
can just see for just miles I can see
the mountains from my apartment so
that's pretty good down the suite and by
saying sleeping for eight hours you know
I went to bed at that time
it's now five o'clock in the afternoon
day wasted I got to admit I'm doing a
pretty shit job at saving this plants
life like I know it needs sunlight
bought a rip plant 2016 if someone wants
to draw some fun out of me like crying a
grave with a family of plums stood by
the side of it like watching me and
judging me despair like you murderer
then by all means go ahead and do it and
if you tweet at me might give away a
free syndicate t-shirt somebody does
some really good fun out but that poor
thing is done for five o'clock in the
afternoon
eatable cookie cereal and listening to
groove armada there was no better way i
want to spend my life other than on the
mountains no warden fuck you rain I'm
stopping this right now just to give a
massive shout out to optic you might
like what what is going on here listen
I've always been a fan of optic gaming
since my entire life but we've started
one of the most amazing series on
YouTube it's following like them as
eSports professionals and just shit they
get up to around the house and I show up
it is called vision and on episode 16 I
suggest you go back and watch absolutely
all of them but like it's just such a
good show by honestly like it's it's
quite a long video like it's 20 minutes
both called vision really good muscle
recommend it go check out the link in
description
so a lot of people have always wanted me
to play out and I honestly tried to get
into I tried to do a series and this is
a clip from where I just decided I hate
this game I honestly tried to play this
game I just hey you to Oakland obviously
you and the boy Coakley jumper this is
the same time I really really like beer
across from the office at one of the
best sort of event we got hailer it
everyone just trying to recap recap
Saturday night birthday well goddamn I
didn't bring gifts is where we are best
year
twisting stock Salmonella pasta or
servicing what I do know is it tastes
the hell is going on over
it's not the Colbert
this is one weird-ass looking salad I
see a person eat in there may be so
Parma ham some white not gonna try I'm
trying this right now I'm gonna give you
a rating out of 10
it's not making a there's a wind mix of
flavors I give it I'm gonna give it a
seven even though my reaction look like
weird just really taste it oh my this
looks like
I would space right now Alan this is why
you're interested Bella your face
reaction when you saw that then was
priceless
oh my god so we got pork belly
oh we got steak holy shit this pork
belly
hums down ten out of ten food holy shit
good I'm going into the taste test
that's pretty good this is called oxtail
okay
boom
I think it's safe to say this is not one
of the best thank you very much this has
been one of the best restaurants in LA
so I'm gonna try this now
that's good day to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
birthday to you wow you're kinda
together
a green pepper city lever great tape
what
this color that starts a popcorn also
this is one for my dad I'm pretty sure
they failed at timing the rest of this
room you may call this out I just call
this laziness hey guys it's if acute
here with Alan on my back detective
detective I go because we're going to
play I need to slow you down
Irene join you birthday so far thank you
have a good night yeah the story of Alan
oh you're such a good friend
thanks for illuminating the situation so
alright I'm gonna take some photos oh oh
okay oh oh this is this is getting big
racy fast like some fucking stuff coming
soon to a theater near you syndicate and
Angelo take over the world
wait what the fuck is going on so guess
what we made you're not dying
unfortunately I lost tonight's pool
games twice I lose $10 I lose $5 and
guess what shit got fucked up
I guess what it was over here we bounced
it oh oh its Alan's birthday so
everyone's dragging me to sending to a
gentlemen's club
that's British first strip club
all right apparently Alan's birthday so
it's custom to send him there so we're
going to deja vu I think because guess
what I can't film so fuck you bye made
it back to the elevator where no one is
dying few of you might start being like
Tom you horror busted going to a strip
club why would you do that it was my
friend's birthday it's never been to a
strip club the group decided we were
going to strip clubs who went to strip
club but it was an amazing night we just
got our friend story valid a lap dance
thank you would you pay for a lap dance
from just to enjoy because he's got one
in his life so we decided to get him one
as friend as a homie and we did cuz he's
always wanted one he said he might not
deny it now I mean I accept it now but
he did he did not need what he really
wanted to get one so as friends we
decided to get one as his birthday and
we did enjoyed it he had fun he was like
the most overall health person in the
world when he got it well I wasn't gonna
throw mixers in a strip club it's kind
of weird if I'm like I'm just going to
fill in your tits well either way but a
great night out tonight it was good fun
great laps and I now need an ice-cream
know what tomorrow I'm gonna get a
haircut because this is now way too long
like it went from being potato mode to
being hedgehog mode and I'm not okay
with it either way I'm gonna bed so I
love you guys
this makes you live like crazy subscribe
and I'll see you guys tomorrow for the
next vlog if you wonder what I'm doing
tomorrow I actually don't know I really
don't know but the Sun is coming up at 7
a.m. and I am going to bed
goodnight
