it's a new door shit sorry almost spilt
with chicken soup everywhere fuck you
guys just saw the true fair appear in my
face right then that was about to go
absolutely everywhere but it's a new
dawn it's a new day
I feel like said it's a new Minecraft
but we're back at the apartment somewhat
hungover but somewhat ok but I am hoping
that some salt and pepper shredded
chicken is gonna fix me right up I'm
gonna kick back oh okay well that's
broke who's gonna watch Netflix well
shit
how much pause the Netflix and shit with
BAE I'm sorry it is currently 743 I have
one sock on no pants on a t-shirt and
I'm having a bowl of cereal and watching
Netflix the perfect day so I play vice
versus zombies and just happen to just
get my game glitch that every time I
press circle I'm getting like a thousand
diamond like coins collected and then
Lex and just keep back I just getting so
many fucking points well this was
definitely worth the three hours of
trying to find Fisher of them up I think
this is one of the rare times I've ever
found a glitch a video game myself and
it's fucking awesome God ladies and
gentlemen I am gonna officially you
ready nine nine nine one four two wait
for it here it it and hold it babe
I'm officially a millionaire Plattsmouth
is something so yeah so I basically
kicked back and played plants vs.
zombies for five and a half hours
tonight that that is a thing it's
currently 3 o'clock in the morning and
I've done nothing with my day
do I feel bad about that no pics had a
great day yesterday going out and doing
stuff and uh well actually I am good I
didn't go out in the Sun but today's
just putting one of those days but to
salvage the day what we're gonna do is
just have a nice cup of tea be British
and sit back down and watch the rest of
house of cards I think I've got like two
more episodes to go and I've finally
finish the series but like once I get it
on my system this is the thing with me
of binge watching like TV shows once I
watch all and just get it out of my
system
then I could have my life back but until
I do that my life is ruined and like
just take it over by having to binge
watch it so soon as we're done with
house of cards we can get a week doing
the
rest of our life I can get on with
living best look live living living and
you know when living basically I'm not
know where is it
you guys saw me in my video when I went
down to raise like two days ago and I
had this but boy this is the razor of
Leviathan
it's like a little mini black music box
it's absolutely it's ridiculous I didn't
tell you guys how good it is but what I
forget to tell you guys is I stole one
for you I mean borrow I've already won
for you guys so I'm gonna be giving this
bad boy away the way I'm going to do it
is leave like a comment down below like
just make up a random story about how I
how I make make the syrup of how I
borrowed this or obtained it in the
first place and leave your Twitter
profile down on there so that's all you
got to do leave your comment and then
make sure you follow me and razor on
Twitter and we'll check we'll check your
comment I'll get I'll get Josh from
razor to pick someone will pick someone
make sure you follow me make sure you're
following razor and I will hit you over
your address and send you that so yeah
sorry this is like two days all of me
supposed to tell you but yeah it's
pretty fucking beast thing it's actually
quite worth a lot of money so yeah you
guys want it there you go it is done
5:00 a.m. I have finally finished
watching house of cards season 4 if you
guys don't have Netflix or whatever
should problem you wanna watch on what
chance of cards is politics is murder
it's trucks candles it's everything it's
just one of the crazy shows I never
thought I'd actually get into and like
it but it is hands down ten out of ten
series like OOP really good and yeah
finally did it so I'm going to bed at
five a.m. and I'm sleeping for a
long-ass time
and I never have to get addicted to
watching a Netflix show until I start
season 2 of arrow
yeah god dammit oh my goodness me the
brand new syndicate original roll shirts
a limited this shirts are here and
getting shipped out oh my goodness the
house is being taken over
yeah my moment sister they work from the
offices and stuff but they've had to
move into my mum's house as well as the
offices
cuz there's that many shirts that they
got shape up for you guys so they're
starting sending them out in the order
that received them in so if you're
wondering like in a few days like
where's yours it's not there
they're starting to get shit from now so
I'm sure you guys can understand we've
got crazy amount of orders so Alice are
you surviving just about just just about
well good luck and Godspeed
there is one hell of a serious storm
brewing in LA right now the weather is
pretty friggin crazy it's not too rainy
put these loads of clouds the Lightning
is insane it keeps lighting up the sky
even though it's like 7 a.m. almost and
I'm still awake and the lightnings just
going to enlighten Apollo clouds so I'll
show you guys the atmosphere here you
see to the left the dark clouds are
moving we get the lightness and the
clearness from the coast but over than
that I wouldn't tell like lightning
bolts strike that tree gnarly oh oh oh
my god if I call that then I'll be
fucking amazing book I'm trying to hear
the roar of it it sounds absolutely
fierce
holy shit like 10 minutes later a
massive light involved just came down
and all this rain just came from nowhere
this is literally like five minutes
later the streets are forwarding and the
skies are fucking open holy shit holy
shit the lightning strike that just
fucking drop was insane
holy fuck is yourself car alarms when I
say stupid I mean absolutely ridiculous
I was there with like my door open a
little bit just so I could hear in case
the in on the line and went off but it
was that right like a white flash came
through my window like through my
fucking window I was like what the book
and then all the Caroline started going
off so I'm gonna try and sow it a little
bit longer and see if I can get some
more of it recorded oh my days oh my god
baby
this is fucking insanity right now why
the power of Twitter is amazing I went
on and suchlike la storm and found some
like news channels that would talk about
it and they said at half past six the
storm should just stop and it literally
is 633 and the storm is completely
vanished so you know what science whoa I
completely disappeared you're a wizard
I'm gonna go out with a bang tonight
guys so thank you very much for watching
today's vlog didn't really do much it's
a lazy day it happens in people's lives
and that's what happened today but that
was one hell of a way to do like an
outro of today's video just absolutely
mad I just wish I got on footage the the
bang that like scared the shit out of me
to the point where I got out of bed like
honest to god hairs on my arms like
still stood up I was like fucking shit
myself thinking there's gonna be like an
earthquake as well like San Andreas
Fault Line just goes I'm like the rock
Dwayne just a fucking dinger yeah put
some clothes on I was like what do I do
in this situation I don't even a fucking
socks on but anyway I go to bed so but
you live like great subscribe I'll see
you guys tomorrow from a next vlog adios
