it is the morning after the night before
I am just tired we're probably about
three hours sleep totally did not
remember that I have a phone call today
at 10 a oh my god we got on skype with
him dude I'm vlogging your shirt show me
show me oh my god dudes that
limited-edition yes oh my gosh I didn't
bro
so this wizard right here dude how much
money did you know donate to charity
then what it was for an absolutely great
cause so I honestly cannot thank you
enough who you are honestly a really
great guy so what's your real name Tyler
its pleasure to meet you my friend this
is where I can't have nice things that's
totally forgot to walk my pond and it's
as dry as ghandi's flipflop
so because i only got it like oh five
o'clock probably last night in the
morning and it's 10:00 a.m. I'm just
gonna go in here into my room say
goodbye to the world and go back to
sleep for two hours until I have to do
more Skype calls thanking your Legends
faces for donating someone is charity so
I'm gonna bet cut you guys a bit this is
Sherif Russa hello dude you're a wizard
you donate it tomorrow it's $750 dollars
$750 to the prize your campaign for
charity for motor neuron disease
dude one you're a legend and two that is
a crazy amount of money next time always
spend it on yourself and then make sure
you've got money for charity because
that is a crit I do a well you're a
really nice guy that's really awesome of
you so thank you very much for
supporting the cars excuse me Taylor
you're going to my blog right now can
you show your shirt it sounds so like
sexual but like yeah I thought you were
rocking a syndicate original shirt
that's what I like to see you've got the
response as well yeah difficult I'm
struggling
dude snap you got both of them yeah Oh
see you know what Luke he knows what
you're doing about this guy this guy's
got fashions we're genuinely gonna like
this guy so much I decided to mud him on
our - on my twitch right now and just
super out the blue you're really down to
a guy so hopefully you do a good job of
being embodies all right go do the best
job ever
check it out anybody dude thank you yeah
you stuck called me on my cell phone
late night when you need dick so I've
been singing out loud last 10 minutes
you used to call me on my cell phone my
hair looks like a quiff 420 blaze it
what the hell is it doing it's 420
blazing yet well Luke does always take
me to the most random of places right
now we're a place called trunk club
where I think you believe you come here
they fit you you can get like sue sly
all designer clothes and all that starts
to book okay look it's a man pool table
ping-pong and all that sort of stuff I
don't really need anything but we gonna
look at jackets but we're here for Luke
to pick up some shoes which is probably
don't extend to assure which then I'll
extend to socks then to pants and
everything and he's gonna spend so much
money they just said you wanna get the
don't play game of pool and I was like
after yesterday's shenanigans yeah I
know look at that so fancy little video
so they trying to try to get something a
little bit a little bit smarter sharper
they're just going out whatever they
want they do as well is the ship here
like a box full of clothes and you just
like for free but then you pick which
one you want and when you send the
clothes back they go oh he's taking out
a t-shirt and like a pair of socks then
they charge you for that instead so it's
basically just take what you want if you
don't anything send it back and every
month you get a new box of a potential
swag so pretty cool concept but at the
same time I'm the kind of guy who just
walked into a store goes that one walks
out you know no fucking around keep it
simple yeah just realize you got flying
home tomorrow coming back to the UK
going to London for like two days work
back for my mom's birthday and then day
after mom's birthday flying back out to
LA it's gonna be a very very busy next
few days
lots of tired Tom and probably later
logs look at this sunset and view oh my
god that is amazing it's just so so
beautiful isn't it Luke gorgeous isn't
it I don't know why I found this so
funny but how big was the goddamn potato
that big Cheers Luke have the dog we're
good
this is the difference between you being
a man and me just being a little bitch
I really want to see this film so damn
bad well it's gonna be a beast we're
just looking at all these weird
paintings over here does that not look
like gabe newell the owner of valve is
like i've made so much money off chums
can i have there's one place I don't
wanna be right now it's in the car about
to drive to the store where I want to be
right now is it Bette isn't Tom in bed
I've got to go to the store and get some
cold sore cream that absolutely fucking
sucks because one I didn't kiss anyone
I'll make out with anyone recently to
get this so that's fucking awesome it
basically means is that last night at
that party I went to one of the shot
glasses how much to drunk out of someone
must have had a cold sore and I've now
got off then so to whoever that was
thank you fucking greatly nice one and
more so because I'm gonna go to the UK
tomorrow and then the day after I'm
doing two days of filming for a show and
I'm gonna have this fucking welt on my
fucking face in tight I'm also side note
remember I went to subway was like oh my
god I'm starving hungry went and got
stuff went to Subway I was like dead
stoked for it and then you never saw me
here in the video yes cuz I left it in
the car
great we we we well well well we got the
call so cream sweet stuff used it before
should we go in a few days off hopefully
a day that'd be nice but also got in my
car and you know I'm renting a car right
now I gotta take it back I was gonna
take you back tomorrow when I went to
the airport but I got I'll just check
the ticket see what time I need to
return it or what day and he absent he's
returning today by 10:00 p.m. it's 9
o'clock now so this is actually great
timing the way it's planned out so let's
go to the airport sweet made it to the
returns now I just got someone check
over the car make sure it's not damaged
in all that and we've got the green
light taxi home go to bed and there she
goes ladies and gentlemen I'm salute
vewy she was grateful
expensive bought he did the job went out
to snowboard
great success I'm genuinely so damn
tired I'm not trying to find a place to
find it taxi from as long as he gives me
the green light
now that is industrial catalyst I was
hoping to see maybe some
or something like that just parked up in
the luxury section book I didn't seem to
see any either way we're walking home
buyers we're walking home what the hell
that seller is triggering Syria my
mobile all right so the video has been
rendering for an hour 30 minutes that's
our 20 left probably gonna be an actual
extra two hours but longer it gets the
longer it takes so I'm gonna leave that
I'm gonna turn this off and go to bed oh
shit
I am really not sure why I'm still awake
at half-past 1:00 in the morning but
either way everything's gonna go pretty
much off so in the morning I'm gonna
have like a massive feast and just make
an omelet continual anything in this
fridge that is gonna go off which is
pretty much just like 20 slices of
hominin y'all go boy it's all gonna go
off so does the milk so I'm gonna use
the coolest mug in the world again
shoutouts the fans from New York you
hooked me up five Stella's Ecology
zombie mug I'm gonna have a nice big hot
chocolate made from Nesquik see how that
goes and yeah go to bed that's my bun
update it's absolutely delicious oh my
god I just feel like I've hit the
jackpot I just was like going through to
see when the dates coughing I was like
there's my happens to make a sound with
you tomorrow I forgot I totally bought
Parma ham this is my all-time favorite
food I just want to get in bed watch
Netflix I don't know why I'm staying
awake like I could go into bed at 10:00
a.m. at p.m. and just look like the best
night's sleep ever but instead I'm just
like yeah I'm gonna stay up watched
Netflix gonna watch The Avengers like
cartoon thing that I'm currently
watching soon as I'll see every other TV
show possible and yeah just eat Parma
ham like a fat person this is what I do
with my nice clothes and yelling this is
what I do this is how you wake up nearly
every single person in the apartment
building
I want to sub it as much as possible so
I can get in the Sun I have a tide for
going back to the UK because like I said
I'm gonna be on camera dude I think I
think I'm allowed to say legends of
gaming so I'm gonna do some legends a
gaming stuff if that all goes ahead
without this fucking thing no no a lot
of you guys are gonna do today
oh it's just a call so don't worry about
this paper but I'm gonna be on camera
recording like crap tons of videos and
I'm gonna have this the entire time you
always want to look your best when
you're on camera I don't really care
about the daily vlogs it's like whatever
you know I just got a better look like a
potato most attempts that's fine but
when I'm doing like a big shoots or
thing you know you want to look good so
I went other people say they're like
okay yeah it looks normal rather than
going like this guy looks like a pale
snowman with aids on his face
so tomorrow I'm gonna be flying back to
the UK I'm gonna be going there for
literally like four or five days I think
it's I think it's five days I'm going
back for and the main reason was me
going back is Valentine's Day you might
be like he's going seen a bay who's Bay
is she real no she's this person right
here I'm actually going back for
Valentine's Days my mom's birthday
actually she's gonna be 51 my mom's
gonna throw a party at my house and
there's just gonna be drunk 51 year old
women running around the house and I'm
just gonna be like okay you girl just do
what the fuck you gonna do I'm gonna
lock myself in my office play video
games and livestream us the house gets
trashed wouldn't be funny if mom will
actually trashed my house more than any
of like me and my friends have never
partied harder in my life like I wake up
in Amman is like three dead bodies
floating in the pool there's like women
hanging upside down on the staircase and
I'm just like but I'm looking forward to
going to see my mom and I just said like
I really did not want to miss a birthday
whatsoever so I'm gonna fly home see ya
give her a present
I don't know she'll get a present I
don't even know what to do oh my god
leave me a comment down below I should
get I totally overlooked this well I'm
gonna yeah late night shopping for a
present for my mom so if you guys have
enjoyed today's vlog guys make sure you
leave a like rating subscribe to see
more random stuff that happens in my
life this is just like a daily vlog
documentary-style of shenanigans and and
alcohol and losing money of my life so
if you guys have been enjoying it so far
let me know in the comments and yeah
we'll do a plane trouble and vlog
tomorrow hopefully you guys will enjoy
that cuz everyone seems to love the the
ones when I travel on planes and stuff
but this time we're not going business
class or anything because it would've
cost so much money I'm just flying
standard so you'll you'll see that style
of traveling so
yeah it's gonna be really awkward
walking next to the person like sat
right next to me shit make sure you
leave a like crazy subscribe and I will
see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. UK time for
your face is being awesome good bye
