do I look like I just woke up because I
did you know I did I always wake up
really late and it's currently yeah
nearly 2 o'clock in the afternoon and
I'm going at a train to go down to race
you really ever see like such a small
license my dear could be doing it you
think is a Chinese secret thing I know
it to be Chinese oh you're right
oh shit what what does it mean I don't
know fucking secret yeah they're so
fucking rich like MacUser I don't know
man it's like the front they like it
it's like something you know yeah means
something that's interesting just like
that I've made it to the train station
but I miss my train was honestly like
ridiculous traffic the entire way as
like 30 minute delay of traffic's
unfortunately miss my train but I don't
have to wait an hour for the next one
and I'm not gonna be liked or I'm going
to so just get a chill kick back have
some food and relax
well look at that that is not my trade
my train should have been here but I
missed it so after wait an hour time to
make the best of the situation
food and beer okay scratch that maybe
ice cream instead pretty sure the
definition of a bad idea is eating
chicken wings from a train station wide
cafe thing they look pretty good and
they taste pretty good but at the same
time I'm probably end up shit myself in
five minutes this guy's playing trap
Queen on the piano over there listen
that's pretty good and I made it on the
train
yeah there's no way I can mess up
missing this train I'm literally stood
on it
goodbye Los Angeles next stop Irvine
this place is so old-school
there's damaged people it's kind of cool
well I have arrived at my destination
time to get a new back well get off the
train I used to find a spot where I can
sit and wait for my uber whilst getting
some sunlight so I can finally say I was
out in the Sun today so yay
I'm looking forward to go and see the
razor guys I'm probably like I think
four hours late so I get there
eventually and I made it to the offices
yeah I didn't know it was like a full-on
party going oh it's like why are we
sneaking out okay we're not normal oh
shit where we going with shit missus Shh
Josh Josh where is it coming Sami some
of it oh my god is this for me is this
money present oh my god this is
absolutely amazing just arrived in the
party there's the fire and we're leaving
already because we're going off in a bit
of a random drive in the Jeep so I can
see what it feels like oh my gosh I show
on 1 June
so we just like stick it to this world
to this park just show he go attack like
we just rubbed it up on rock site
instead of a drum quick run run run it
was like six pack wardens up there so we
were like let's get the fuck out of here
immediately all right that was a fun
little adventure I literally just got
there said hello to like five people to
party and then it was like right let's
go off-roading Oh
raise the HQ what is this we got like a
little thing what the karaoke thing
smack like smash Center going on here
and then excuse me mortgage sure I don't
get this we have like a mini parking
land no we're not apparently I'm gonna
go on this and try and kick some ass so
wish me look oh my gosh there's so many
good people here at Ray's is this
payback boom that's great Vegas yeah
yeah here at razor josh is just so
professional look at him just look at
him he's beautiful
it wasn't me it was your mother this is
an absolute beast of a PC for weight
Titan blocks and 96 gigs of ram and
what's this fall not being used all
right randomly oh my god here they are
what we won these if we want these disks
this was using a hammer to I'm fucking
dead all right no I deserve to take one
of these home with me because one of
these is at least mine listen I'm like
I'm not trying to move the secretary
right now because you got me like how
many think it's gonna get like how many
wait what's the prize there's a plate
I'm gonna tip steal all the tickets okay
can I at least get one can I get one
just to buy it
I didn't even know there was an
objective for this event let me do the
enjoy filming right is this mine
can I get that I got one it's good one
fuck yeah I did others objected yes he
gets this he gets to be Tom C tonight
that's all he gets did this absolutist
faculty just so many hours yeah yeah you
start not
I'll go feeling that light used to
belong to someone else book okay who
cares
amazing amazing I'm smiling face you
don't the best work all right
previous my now it's treated like are
you doing all this here we see all the
gamers in the zone playing over
specifically this young man here how you
doing dude picking up how you survive in
taken us I want to see you get killed
happen for the video the video make it
happen I'll go on yeah Oh wizard wait a
minute
I will go to 8 o'clock to do this okay
what's first slap into the laser arena
like this there's a kitchen here Chris
yes okay I don't have high hopes to me
being able to complete all this but I'll
try
so the csgo arena is okay so all I need
is pictures of penguins okay I can do
this absolutely like
I'm Jeff Jeff agonistic I got any time
slinging all times I borrow the grease I
mean what you want yeah I got I'll take
I want the gold stars is that is that
your see us going I don't even know like
csgo is I think I lost my mic I fucking
lost by right oh I didn't just get come
on yeah fuck you girls just go try
redeem this with style so what could I
do to introduce style oh my goodness do
you know how long this took me to put
all this fucking sick is on way too long
bro where the hell were you when I
needed penguins instead I settled for
stars disappointed oh we're down to the
final what look how red my face is I
must but not least Oh teamwork there's a
ridiculous amount of stickers are you
going or staying I just thought you'd
enjoy them on your desk
oh good gift
I was asking where all the cupcakes are
oh my god
I've had them Kratt so this is a this is
part brewing Santa's Little Helper
it's an imperial stout you're gonna eat
a cupcake a chocolate Oreo cupcake
because they go well at the beer come
you gonna drink this alright passes this
year's judging haul of it I'll just
drink it's a beer well sit baby thing I
think you're done with that you're gonna
pour yourself some of this this is
Santa's Little Helper Imperial Stout
same beer this has been aged in oak
barrels and then I put it in my cellar
for a year
holy shit and so you can taste the
difference between what happens to a
normal beer same beer after it gets sits
in the oak barrels and then gets bottle
on a scale of 1 to 10 10 being he's
gonna hate it
how am I gonna like this you're probably
not going to be my fan of this one I
actually think you're gonna like this
one
really okay give it go okay the
chocolate was good now to try this
really oh that's not so dangerous oh I'm
gonna try it the like looking forward to
hopefully enjoying it well I think we
check off my palate that doesn't taste
bad at all that's all the time that's
all I'm saying yeah like I like the part
with the cupcake I don't know about the
beer whatever the cupcake is a video you
got liquid cupcakes all this does it
taste like bad cupcake I feel like I'm
drinking like a mix between chocolate
and coffee that's all I have to say
oh is that what we consensus changes
chocolate and coffee I gave it I give it
a six out of ten tastes good I guess
round two now this one's supposed to
taste better so now we got a six out of
ten well it certainly better just taste
the different same beer just process
different oh it's like a whiskey kick to
it
oh no that's the difference of bourbon
that's the difference okay idea the
barrel and then the conditioning yeah I
guess a six out of ten again but still
it being the problem this is like what I
should be drinking but this is an easily
rigid verb
okay yeah this is again this is good
I'll try it
this is the GameStop limited edition you
get that bread every order that DLC pack
it's got the kick of whiskey on it right
it's based in bourbon girl is that what
it is if it's bottled it you got a cake
a whiskey so they took a bourbon barrel
they Stickle the beer into it and let it
sit there you do not like bourbon oh I
do see you're not gonna like a lot of
you today
is this oh my god trying some chocolate
rain which I what is this who is the
first even on my camera can not even
focus on this way the 18.4% oh my god
okay let's get a try smells like rapid
realize mother's cheese Travis can't
wait to pull face of this just say came
out of nowhere
enjoy the really time quite like Donna
I quit like I'm so what I'm saying is I
know you oh no no no telling whatever
you want to say I guess it gets a I
guess uh I guess it actually be to
attempt yeah I appreciate this is good
shorts and sandals perfectly perfection
on his phone on his phone on his phone
on her phone on his phone
Andrews dick listen Josh I didn't take
anything
hey I'm gonna I just had a lot of
cupcakes
we have achieved the backer of rays of
products holy shit
wait a minute are you guys going into
work tomorrow no Travis you're going
into work tomorrow train station are you
going into work tomorrow what are you
going to work I'm going to work and
somebody got into a bar oh no yes I
promise
take work off with all go drinking out I
mean what working got that and here we
have the Razer Motley Crue we have kion
Travis and Josh doing their thing whilst
being I don't know I don't know a recipe
just cause all dudes just cool dudes
yeah yeah what the fuck is coming we
have made it to the drinking house don't
disobey the man you disobey I do he says
okay I'll drink
I'm all done so I decided this day would
be a good idea little did I know how
fucking big this drink would actually be
holy shit up to awesome it looks like I
got done like a lava lava drop you
absolutely ripped them wings apart again
there's mine show your beer yeah hold on
where's your beer gonna see ya
I feel like Thomas yeah you've got a
little wobbly
fuck fuck you all do you know that
feeling when you're trying to take a
piss and there's someone right next to
you oh yeah yeah whoa whoa is squirt you
let you just quite all right hands
that's 100 scrape of load I'm one fiddy
that's quite me just squirt one fitty do
it again do it again key do it again you
ready boys watch this what's this squat
150 squatting on things
oh you lose oh hey wait I did the GTA
wasted effect on that things right now
Josh I can't believe your bunions your
bad friend
may hey yo man dolphins and I turn this
light on dolphins are sleeping I would
like to work the other one does no none
of them work I've what one of the whole
lights well I'm sorry oh my gosh there's
a ten-year-old car oh that's what I like
to say Josh why you would abandon us
right now you are a bad person we're
sticking together as friends
and you're just being a bad friend
goodbye Josh high five bye oh yeah we
made it back to the razor offices where
they left their chocolate chip
motherfucking cookies on the side so I
you found him yeah so far these you oh
this is exactly what I need a half
frozen cupcake dude
yes egg tray sir appreciate the invite
thanks for what mr. Turk okay fellas I
love you my friend
all right this bombs this bombs till
next time don't you talk about cupcake
okay bro all right well I can't see much
but given thank you very much for having
me on man I appreciate you let me stay
yeah I guess I can't see anything
listen to a bit of Kanye West and just
kicking back with no light whatsoever
but dude thank you so much really
appreciate you sir
triangle sweeper on it oh yeah I think
I'm gonna sleep most like but what
you're doing
oh it's an away anyway guys I'm a wrap
up today's vlog so thank you very much
for watching it's been a great night
hanging out with Rays guys I'm
definitely glad I came down here even
though I was five I was late and I will
see you guys tomorrow the next vlog at 6
p.m. UK time so make sure you leave a
like rating subscribe I'll see you guys
then
adios
