and yes so me and Shawn now awake how
much water they have to do hey we
decided to wake up really late and I am
so sorry for yesterday's vlog i stayed
up to like half past seven nearly 8 a.m.
edit in that vlog for you guys and I
fell asleep I even have to be made a
vlog and finishing the vlog say hey ever
fall asleep I'm sorry and I did it's now
half past one and the vlog still isn't
up so for yesterday's vlog I sincerely
apologize I'm gonna give a t-shirt way
to say sorry put your Twitter things
come in the comments down below thank
you for being cool and awesome the
beautiful Sean there's some traffic
there some buildings you just looked you
right in your lap oh ok oh my god for
one it's a sign spinner the Sun the fire
it was always burning for the ball
return there's like a car full of girls
the side was there and he just it just
beeped the horn and I was like yeah you
want to take photos like that I was like
oh no it looks good girl pair of beads
in my honey hey girl bye oh this is all
good just not okay then you don't brick
so let's go on boy yeah I believe you
got some friends inside waiting fear
so many wizards so Sean invited me to go
to taco bell with him to go and say
hello to all is always plenty of time
all his homies over here I'm basically
oh you want to be in the blog as well
all right there you go just yo load away
in the Roman say hello hello the blog
you go apparently free tacos so I'm
stopped let's do this jaco down Jacko
down I have to do a massive shout out to
mr. jarabo because these guys said that
you let them watch my night in there in
your class so thank you very much for
being awesome well Utah you have been
absolutely amazing everyone three two
one drop that damn o.o you catch me
foggy nights after they leave me alone
man I'm like this isn't this is my
breakfast not this is it my breakfast
would you look at that dorito taco make
it even better look at this I didn't
even notice Jacob all the way you ties
where to life's too short shirt thank
you very much yeah what am I do what a
good guy I'm gonna give him free tacos
even though it's free anyway so thank me
later right you said you had a picture
to show man I look down at the photo and
this is the photo he shares with me yep
yep there's no children around so i will
read out loud but you that's why I
should that's why my sense of humor oh
yeah this is getting even better even a
pretty food this time in golden roughest
I don't know what it is what is it
what's the case of look look oh no see
no one knows it's just wrapped in gold
so it must be good and this is why I
love Sean these guys over here these
awesome people from taco bell hello
that's just a sign they're clipboards
keeping their office so he's drawing a
sausage called a British sausage dog
eating a taco I love you Sean in
Tennessee lesson about you thank you
guys
preciate thank you so much he stars
thanks for free food I'm watch Sean you
can't do that shot put it down okay okay
now now sorry we're gonna go play new
place my age you get on the go oh I have
loved this trip so good so let me get me
out such a good day loved it okay i have
a dream and audrey is as a team wizard
and a master wizard because he has a
really good mustache okay that he is
master wizard master wizard child
withers and daddy was hurt okay we're
gonna saw our roles right now we're
gonna place might because I've got go to
the airport pretty soon so it's time to
get in the zone and kick some ass guys
ready yeah wizard yeah like freaking who
easily win dude good job my friend it's
been awesome playing games because Shawn
you've been awesome unexpected box but
when you visit at tall chicken you may
be one of the tallest people ever met
I'm one of most legendary people until
next time i will get better at smite and
then we'll be officially team
grandmaster bisard's okay all right we
got a room you know we gotta yeah we
just randomly go in the kannim showdown
anyway Sansa rush to the airport if I
justify them whatever at least we had a
great day it was worth that game inspire
in itself it was we rigged roll them we
reckon role of Europe a girl silly
beasts he's so good at what he does is
like his role as a player so yes we get
screwed right so much
the car's got no bumpers
let this guy know what should being very
like just use a down to of light laid
back and just giving me a place to stay
guess what guys if you've never met
syndicate real life he is the most
down-to-earth nice guy he's like playing
with my baby holding my sausage dogs
pulled my sausage dogs and we just had a
good time so he looks awesome on the
internet but he's also awesome in her
life which is no his truth so have any
explosions then saving you don't forget
go and check out shawn's channels got
awesome stuff going on we're gonna
stream a bunch together it's gonna be
another epic for both daily vloggers
we're gonna hang out again in the future
boom boom see you guys a crow every job
yeah time to go and check this bag and
hopefully I'm not miss my flight pushed
it was super late to try and check my
bag in fingers crossed the let me do it
otherwise I have to come pick you up
from the airport well because I'm who is
owed how much to make it to the airport
this in my bag might not check in but
exhausted can have always mattered I
have to run to the gate to get there and
fingers crossed my bags there as well
otherwise I gotta wait few hours from my
bag so let's go let's begin the journey
of success he said Ron so I run I said
what about my buddy said if you made it
the bike has to go on the plane
apparently so fingers crossed again well
goodbye my favorite place of Utah the
most beautiful view in a bowl
fingers crossed my back makes it to a
lie cuz if it doesn't I'm probably be
sad the airport waiting prayed for hours
absolutely
like that
spike did you oh look it's fitting
diesel just chillin the moment of truth
was towards my bag is here or not
actually that might know your bag wait
yep nailed it time to grab a taxi get to
the apartment and then I think I might
be going out tonight we'll see are we
having a laugh even more junk mail I
just feel bad except to keep recycling
this goddamn junk mail I don't even need
it please stop sending it to me
companies Thank side no I just had the
most rudest uber driver ever actually
not even a new bird riot act you driver
go in the taxes like sweetie was like
where you go and told him the place he
was like whereabouts i said here's the
address pretty nice out now he was like
sweet put it we started driving we're
driving up the road i said yeah it's
just that paiement building on your left
knee it drove up any state laughing like
who's like it was like why you waste my
time I went what it went why you waste
my time I was like how did I waste your
time I'll ensure was something about the
entire time just like jamming out to
music being chill as fuck and he just
was like you could have just told me it
was here why did you make me put it in
gps and I went cuz I didn't have to get
he was like how long have you lived here
I just said I just I lied and when a
month he was like a month and you don't
even know how to drink to your own
apartment and I was like no is that so
hard to believe and he just fucking
burst out into hysterics so then he went
when he went when I want to pay he was
like this way you can pay and leave a
tip and I went went me if you think you
getting a tip here's a tip learn to shut
the fuck up got out the car I got my own
bags out the boot and just fucking
walked off I was like that guy is a
complete twat it's not my fault I'm
supposed to know like 700 miles square
radius a fucking hour you know I'm
saying but either way I'm home apartment
home sweet home really also good about
two things one member and spoons I went
and bought yeah whilst them all done
where they are and to they're not the
right place so I need to return them but
velocit√† seat so II a success
well being the wizard that I am it's not
one o'clock in the morning i fell asleep
for about five hours on my bed which is
ridiculously stupid if you wondering why
now needs that my sleep schedule messed
up and I'm gonna waking up tomorrow
whatever the hell time so I'm absolutely
starving i'm pretty sure my milks gone
off so i can't lose that all the shops
are closed because they've gone on the
common for me is in 24 hours and i'm a
hungry kitty cat at Grover Jim what the
hell is going on it says read before
playing then maybe I plates exige is
what the shit is going on my computer
screen I feel like I'm getting high by
ghosts this is what you get six o'clock
in the morning this weekend who
accidentally fall asleep early on in the
day now my sleep schedule is officially
completely ruined and I am starving to
the point where my stomach is like
eating itself a lot of Italy enough
because it is six o'clock in the morning
I'm pretty much going in tomorrow's vlog
I'm just gonna wrap up today's here and
just say thank you for your faces for
watching this I i I'm probably not gonna
go to sleep for a long time yet but I'm
not gonna do anything else so I'd rather
just get the vlog edited and uploaded
only got three and a half hours now to
get it up so thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed if you have eventually would
like green subscribe i'll see you guys
tomorrow and don't forget i'll be
putting a link out soon when the video
of me snow triking with Devin Supertramp
and Sean juris goes up on Devon's
channel so get ready for that it's going
to be absolutely wicked or a stream
bunch this week so tune in to be on
twitch you won't say I think go
