no it's a brat and early morning 10:00
a.m. wake-up call I was having a dream
in my dream an alarm clock was going off
I was like ma'am that's a really loud
alarm clock in my dream and then I woke
up in real life to realize there's my
good
well my oh my it's beginning to snow
luckily it's not sticking so I can't not
get off the drive what looks like
somebody sent video some flowers oh and
they look pretty there's a letter
attached to it I'm not gonna wait for
air idea to wake up an au pair it but I
know who this is say thank you to you
but they okay thank you nails go inside
here and I've just had a phone call
Oh yesterday's vlog was called the phone
call of doom where I found out what was
wrong with the Land Rover basically
there was three pipes flash hoses flash
eels or whatever that I've got on the
defender I just spoke to Land Rover
Jaguar let's stop for and they got back
to me
awesome South African dude was like
hello mister mr. castle I was like so
nice to me it was like yeah you're a
warranty from the company you bought it
from does not cover hoses and seals on
your engine so I have to pay for the
parts the labor and the hoses the seals
and everything and the diagnostic specs
so it's gonna get back in touch with me
with how much it's gonna cost so good
that it's not included in the warranty
but I said to him is that a common thing
for it not to be included and he said
London rover themselves do not extend a
warranty on hoses and seals and some
come back just engine parts of that kind
of shit so unfortunately I have to pay
for it all in about 45 minutes
Lydia is still getting her nails done I
want to say phone call of doom was the
phone call
Doogs it was telephone call that I
always say the phone call doom was a
phone call of doom but I did just ring
me back and was like mr. Cassell know
your price it's gonna be 300 pounds
price of the Diagnostics the parts and
the labor so I'm like that's not that
but I was I was true expecting him it's
after I take the engine oh my god if I
keep getting phone call of my brother
I'm gonna fucking block his number but
like I was expected to be like a couple
of thousand pounds seriously just
because why the people at the garage
that spoke to made it sound like it's
gonna be such a big job that was like
I'm not excited about that but free
Andrew
good you know what I'll pay the price it
is where it is I'm happy with that
are you just going for playing why you
didn't get no good you said flowery I
heard you walking us in Flowery no no
you said flower lane
not ombre but alright alright alright so
she's done that we now got a good
syndicate original we got a pickup the
PlayStation and the screen when I'm
gonna go home I'm gonna try and teach
her I want to play for tonight even
though I don't have spare parts so let
the games begin
wait no way well I was just about to
film got into five guys and apparently
where where where what did he see you
where is he why is that so funny I can
literally see the peanut I wouldn't do
it when it could be under Oh No what
were the chances what are the chances
someone just run up to me the salt of
awareness syndicate on it but lo and
behold it is he's wearing syndicate of
is you look a bit surprised
she's so cute 300 quid to fix my
defender hoses and seals are not covered
in the warranty loading fabrigazi's top
right God temperature Jaya yeah drive
safe
I love you bag lady has not seen this
package yeah but oh my god when she sees
it
holy crap look at this mystery of magic
a whole post service pack by elves this
is incredible look at this it's even got
a Hogwarts stamp on it this is where I'm
supposed to be doing completely forgot
my dad bomb brought my life belongings
from his house to this house so what I'm
gonna do is the get out of jail free
card is a take these boxes off just take
what inside of the boxes off it then put
our screens there so at least we have
like a backdrop sort of thing so let's
see how this pans out that really wins
best package gift I've ever seen in my
life like truly well it was the best
we're not going to keep the package and
let's be fair yeah right it's just I'm
setting up our a new self downstairs to
play on
look she's almost in she's on was in yo
that was easy wasn't it wait how's he
smell Lydia
oh this person's gonna book a gun who's
oh my god it did say yes
you've already crazy well that's a big
like that you have to read that
summarize oh wow upload speed 2.4 yeah
skills that watching boyfriends or
husbands Odette I'm sorry I couldn't be
you in person I will be going back
around island soon doing a whole tour of
the other country but island in Northern
Ireland something so I'm gonna add all
of them so hopefully I get to meet you
then and so then you can help me get you
internet please hope I did thank you
very much this package it was very very
beautiful
oh yeah and she made you a dress I think
what trial Odyssey what I was like a
dress a dress she's got no clean on the
dress leave it alone made her beautiful
dress
see I do have a stupidly telling dollar
this it's this craft well done very
impressive
I can't even make a hat we talk about
the best of all time can I guess what it
is from la oh it's a lion bar box
collection in it yeah to me soon you've
lost a stone because the cyst was so big
but you're gonna put it you're gonna put
it do is if my life was as lions go
represent yo he's lying to go represent
what's happened your palette shifted and
broke your tooth we gave him the runes
why don't you be the ones yeah oh god I
don't think God I didn't make it him so
shout out to Starbucks or poison my
granddad defender 300 quid syringae quid
to get it fixed oh you know what you
can't argue with it if you say it's not
there only pay for it then I guess I
have to pay for in that right cat yeah
is okay talk to Tom so I managed to
speak to instead of BT business at least
lining in there spoke to virgin
I spoke to Dan I told him I which I'm
stressed about
how expensive all the student is so -
you get some discount but I spoke to
them about I still get a thousand up a
thousand down in there about getting
fired you don't find because thousand
four thousand now it's good but do I
really need that fast speed no okay
this is after 20 minutes Lydia I want
you to explain to me oh I want you to
explain to me the controls at playing
for a night okay all right let's start
with what does what does this button do
yeah the start what does it also do
correct
what is square do yep very nice what is
it also do with the gun reloads what is
triangle then and correct
what does circle think okay unlike loads
the lobby's and stuff like that
brilliant okay now how do you crouch
what do you do to it you push it down to
it clicks brilliant okay it makes it run
all right it's how would you move
forward okay and how do you run don't go
any other one how do you define that one
nice all right so how do you run with it
and okay
and now yeah how do you change weapons
to go which ways that way babe yeah and
how did you go left okay now how do you
aim down side yeah but how do you fire
brilliant no you know the controls are
for night sorry how do you open them out
I did it no big big big controller
that's how my layouts down yeah that's
all right okay you're good
oh I'm gonna have to leave you to fly
solo all I want you to do is keep
playing don't forget when you see
someone make sure this is pipe mentally
and pull the trigger okay okay we just
get the key player and get used to the
map of moving around and building
yeah just keep practicing you can't go
even if you die in lose a million times
just keep practicing you'll get that
yeah you ready lads you race a ride
Robert that ring you me asked me where I
was even though I said I was riding but
they all decide to leave so look Claire
do you have an electric bike so I can
catch up with them boy bloody hell
flat on the Front's looking nice and
clear but bloody I'll go down the back
fucking hell
just cleaned it off a bit installed a
new batch chili cheese finger like I
said I've got to try and catch up with
the boys now they're absolutely flying
up the road however I don't watch your
bite so let's go back and catch him nice
and quick but I haven't yet done my
thumbnail on a log so don't wait a
minute do that and then that or I know
one day in my life I'll actually be on
time for things but until then I caught
the boys because I might trick back to
it much quicker than these slow so but
now also I've got a bit of a flat on the
back so I'm hoping Gay Tony's gonna help
me out if not then you know whatever
this is wasn't fun
why is it not working nothing's working
today my phone on my torch isn't working
so good night thanks Tony oh shit that's
amazing it's fine it's fine
I've now borrowed trillions why because
mine's dead and the boys are driving off
in the distance
looking like UFOs wait for me et phone
who is our best friend a tooth you
install a fence that's quite a bit of
snow I hope that goes down your pants
and you regret doing a nice little
photos
why are you filming I am just an idiot
after being an idiot in an idiot I came
out and I had my big thick heavy gloves
to wear and when I rolled down the road
I realize I'm wearing like my like
summer gloves and oh my God my hands off
my decision I do not have watches nope
nope nope nope
hey Tony I will not blow your face next
time alright watch out right so usually
at this point we've gone back to the pot
more importantly Livi's know she's gone
she was a quick fart right but maybe
yeah nope she's not here but Luna's nice
and coffee but at this point we usually
back at the pub but it's so frigging
cold and I've got all the beer here from
New Year's and it's like what's the
point on back to put paying for beer but
I got a shitload at my house so I just
said suck it I so go back to my cell
that's what we're doing oh my god it's
just so he's just dude cool it's it's
nice a woman this hasn't sold like it
maybe hey what do you think of this how
good is this because what we had on New
Year's Eve a sweet shop mainly
everyone's taken full advantage of the
took shop tonight at 10:00
you like the chalkboard idea but now he
likes the sweet show is there nice what
we're gonna do is you know that the big
light light up light as you can get
we're going to get SW EE T so sweet
sound sweet shop in it tomorrow I took
Sean written it in situation I'm gonna
have to get kin to possibly film some of
this it's coming down to the wire
we've scored five they've scored nine
let's do this
like Megan Lai but you know what be
right back
men's shower in my friends bars closed
thanks for coming last orders go go now
go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go bye it's been a pleasure boys Bongo
go stream all right Livia's leave yours
that's look after sell my friend okay
bye-bye now
alright I'm now officially like rah rah
am I still recording yes y-yes
sounds good to me okay
nice show the door you let me choke knob
thank you gum gum gum gum gum gum gum
gum is there any way you can be a bit a
babe key tear up a buck light as well
twist it you just go grab it like it oh
good old nipple Brian you just what you
doing it's got twister fucking are we
learning tempo you just got a twisted
message gay won't gain the village right
by now you doing skate donate you joking
why are you coming ready to Greystone
our boys was ready okay now that was so
close
I'll get my gram thank you love you bye
now
that was a really good idea Road come
round it's one then we go to the problem
of reason god damn called some shit oh
just come here instead like not every
week or anything I'll just get care but
I think it's a really really good idea
I'm very happy with that
anyway it's stuck inside it's what I
didn't open the gate sorry about that
sorry Tony
it's a proud moment for me on Twitch I
can have like 40 or 50 emojis but I have
seven yes it's a weird set amounts that
I only have seven but you know what we
just added a brand new emoji and look at
the chat use it in all the hyperness
look at this twitch chat right now like
look at me look at me now look at this
chit chat chit chit chit chat I don't
know look at this twitch chat right now
the new emoji the golden Gigi has arisen
shout out to my boy galactic Raptor it
may look simple but you know what it's
beautiful and it is gorgeous
I'm on it I know I've already kind of
like explained in the past about twitch
and subscribing to support streaming
support but there's a way to connect if
you've got Amazon Prime there's a way to
connect your Amazon branch or twitch you
can subscribe for a channel for free and
look at the amount of people who've
learned how to do it J slick did it
triple me did it magic news didn't
resident in it vanish did it hot lumic
thanks for doing that Matt Fowler
Matthew Piper and flutter in Buxton
every single of these people managed to
connect their twitch their Amazon for a
Prime subscription it's basically a free
subscription to the channel and PMG
thank you very much they've got all
these people in the chat with a Hyatt
right now they know they're fucking you
know just like that 7 hour livestream
done I am tired
one thing I'm confused about there was
no cut there know where the hell my cats
they usually always
but not a single Kitty's come to say
hello tonight what the heck was razzle
me only just bought these oh my god they
look amazing in the light only just
bought these shoes look dead comfortable
no joke how long did I help them Oh
less than a week this is just coming up
the back of them what the hell is that
kind of quality that's just gonna come
up like that you kidding me if anyone
from adidas sees this I am NOT a happy
bunny
just saying I have claimed myself a
Lydia
oh my gosh is cold and I need to go to
bed now cuz I'm absolutely exhausted so
thank you for watching we are watching
this is how our relationship rules I
really want some money now on toast I
want to eat honey from a hive I'm
allergic to every day we never did we
tried Oh guys thanks what makes you
leave like great subscribe don't forget
you're not follow me on Twitter
syndicate for me if you're not for me
link down description are my is down in
description so search everything get
follow me always on the Twitter's I'll
catch you guys tomorrow for the nextel
Oh too much love honest ha d
