mmm if I thought I was tired yesterday
look how tired I am today I just woke up
in a completely bad partaken frenzy oh
my god I've missed my flight to Utah I
was like no that's tomorrow but there's
oh my god I haven't got my vlog up in
time and my vlog was two hours late from
yesterday
I stayed up till 5 a.m. yesterday or
today to get my vlog uploaded and I end
up falling asleep editing it cuz me and
Anna broke I'm so sorry it's a really
nice day out today as well
but I guess I've gotta stay indoors with
Jimmy playing some video games so good
good bye good bye fresh air good bye
outside world dlc day is still on us and
I have to keep playing and hopefully
take care of this abomination
this is what it looks like after I go to
Vegas come back do run and shit go to
Texas and return just way too much junk
you see I knew something smell at my
apartment so peanuts it smells quite
nice but st. adds something smells
really really bad take a look over in a
my fruit section and that's have a look
at my Apple I wish my apples surviving
let's take a look let's take a look
Apple looks like brand new that's not
too bad how you guys looking you looking
alright ok
take a look take a look you guys like
absolutely fine it has dragon fruit that
I was supposed to try for a video the
day I bought it
let's take a look at you oh my god I
totally forgot I had it and it's grown a
fucking alien infection on the side of
it what the fuck I thought this fruit
was like good for like you know a few
days sort of think like a banana or an
apple would be that's the whole point
where I got it so I could use it for a
video when I got back from Texas cuz I
was only going for two days no it
apparently decided to die so I guess
that's that's off that's off the agenda
sorry to make some food what we got
still got some sausages and I've got
that this on the bacon so I think we're
gonna try and make a bloody bagel bacon
oh I got some eggs as well
egg sandwich but muffin playing big yeah
you guys this time it's not gonna be as
burnt watch the space bacon egg bagel
side and got blue machine Nikki
drink this is gonna be a nice breakfast
at 3:22 it's an hour behind Oh what
happened we have a man down now you
broke the decision to tow this it's a
scrambled egg which would be actually a
really good decision fake the scrambled
egg or we try and save it leaving it
like that it's just gonna be a weird
deformed egg not bacon bacon smells so
good
tell me I'm not a genius now the ball
wasn't spreading too much on the bagels
so I decided I'm gonna toss them up for
the taste of bacon god I should be on
that pick me up Sam I tried man I tried
tracks have fun on the top of this just
isn't good enough like it absolutely
sucks potato so not really much I can do
about it they can all got cooked at the
same time as this piece of a team but
what the hell happened to this thing
it turned into a goddamn seahorse you
find a piece that I resist dance the
final egg goes on and oh my god
beautiful you guys you better watch out
I'm gonna start cooking oh wait bacon
today another naked energy drink this
time blue machine this and I'm giving it
a taste test out of tennis time this is
also really fucking good and it might be
my favorite now put one mmm I love this
how many grams of sugar 55 grams after
eight hours of streaming yesterday
ladies and gentlemen eight hours of
streaming yesterday and three and a half
hours of streaming today I finally made
it to round 50 on the new map like I'll
show you you ready I'm gonna pause it
real quick look at that 15 over that
bottom at that corner ooh sexy I have
been grinding my tits off on this map
dying the same way you pretty much every
single time because don't ever go for
gravity spikes if you have no idea what
I'm talking about you don't play video
games then you understand boy oh my god
have I been screaming like crazy it's
currently seven o'clock I've still not
packed my bags for Utah tomorrow and I
have got to be up at 6 a.m. so as soon
as I get done streaming I'll decide when
to go down I'll just actually go down in
general the packing begins and the
rendering shit load of videos begins
here's to adventure a new tab hmm and
I've lost my place
oh I look at everyone saying no to the
blood you're all adorable the grind is
real joys I have five videos running out
right now that it's gonna take pretty
much all night gotta get uploaded and I
am a bit I'm a fuck I'm super tired get
my PayPal for going to God that
literally door banged a burp out of me
but I'm gonna get some food of it and
I've got a backpack for Utah I gotta say
I want to eat tonight and you guys
remember that Chinese restaurant near
the supermarket around the corner I kind
of want to try that but I think it's a
bit weird to do that on my own
you know you're extremely tired when you
put all your washing in your dryer when
it's supposed to go in there I'm just so
not prepared for this trip okay I
understand the presence of junk mail for
can someone help me out how in America
do I stop all the shit getting delivered
to my letterbox pretty much every day
look how much I'm throwing away I'm
recycling it Bob it's just a ridiculous
fucking amount and they easily they
there was two as that this week every
small plane I'm not sure whether it's a
good thing or a bad thing that I'm
unlike first name knowing each other
basis of the case of go ahead hey oh
it's good man nice to see you get his
likes nice to see you again Tom have you
been how was your trip if you guys
remember when I paid like a hundred
dollars for Chinese and I trusted him to
go away and come back with it like that
Chinese restaurant owner
well if he's delivering my food all the
time she liked to be apparently look at
that oh my god what what a nice guy do I
look tired because my oh my I am now one
o'clock in the morning I've done my
audio lines for a video game I'm
hopefully should be in which is gonna be
pretty goddamn sweet and when I announce
what it is it's gonna be even much more
of a bigger deal because it's fucking
like really really good but I'm really
tired
hopefully this is well okay so yeah I
guess I'm not sleeping for an other hour
extra on top of this that was all
supposed to be dry by now I didn't check
it and I need to pack up all my stuff to
go snowboarding with so I'm only going
for two and a half days but I've gotta
take my big suitcase to check it intra
gonna take my snowboard boots imma
hell-bent shit like that so that's get
bogging I'm only going for two days
and I really don't want to check a
suitcase onto the flight so if I could
be a fucking wizard I'm gonna try and
put my boots look at the size of them
alright and my helmet into this bag
leave a comment saying yes or fail if
you think it's gonna work
and the answer is hell no it will just
fit my boots and there's no fucking way
a whatsoever I'm gonna fit everything we
need the big suitcase and as I remember
this watch what scares the living crap
out of me when I turn this light on you
ready woof that's there every time I
walk in go in yeah those frankerz well
I've got to get to that suitcase yeah
how I thought all this was gonna think
that I don't know but this is everything
I need boots helmet one set of gloves to
set of gloves waterproof pants and
waterproof coat and then once that's all
in I just pull the clothes and socks and
I'm good to go just like that the
Baggies pack absolutely full as anything
look them to like fall to the rim I'm
gonna try and put it all inside this one
little thing I don't I don't know either
way I packed a lot quicker than I really
expected so I'm gonna get to sleep I
only have about five hours sleep until I
have to be at the airport I just I'm
really good but vlog in the past two
days because I've really not done much
apart from being stuck inside but it's
just welcome to the life of what happens
man when I'm a when I'm at home and I'm
doing the videos I'm on the grind this
is basically this summary of it all this
is what happens this is how it pans out
and you know some days I'm doing some
sand some days I'm not and yeah that's
pretty much it I also just forgot my
jumper that I need to open that bag and
repack in come on birdies oh by the way
just in case you guys catch a candid
shot yeah I'm walking around in my
boxers so tick waste all stuff in the
bag packed check and I got my British
phone yes in case I need to contact
family one o'clock in the morning
goddammit passport take me anywhere in
the world I need to go wallets take me
eight we're in the Weald oh do I need to
go watch I really need you because you
tell me the time but this one just does
it so much easier I'm sorry I love you
but let's be realistic
you you're just you just tell time this
desert this
I have been tired since 10:00 p.m.
tonight but I just couldn't go to bed
because I had to do that voiceover stuff
and then pack my bag so I'll see you
guys in the morning
thank you very much for watching the
next couple days should consist of some
amazing adventure I'm really looking
forward so I wish I could stay out there
longer and I probably will get back on
the traveling road once again soon boy I
just want to get out doing stuff again
and not being so white last-minute
last-minute last-minute because that's
all my plans have consist off really
just just being like last-minute so good
way to live but at the same time when
you you've live like that for like the
past two months but I love you guys
faces thank you very much for watching
make sure we would like rate and
subscribe and leave a comment saying
team Syndicates super trump of awesome
because that's who I'm going working
with and Duras and your something end of
it cuz he's good videos also until then
I'll see you guys later and good Act
midway through edit in this vlog awesome
trying to go to sleep and of course I
remembered I'm supposed to tell you guys
about something so welcome to story time
now if you guys have ever waited to meet
me and you're from wherever in the world
and you just want to go then there's an
event called I 57 in 1757 coming up in
March I'm not too sure the exact dates
but you go to a website down below you
be able to find it out I'm going to that
and if you guys want to go and meet me
then you can absolutely go of all ages I
think if you like under 13 you might
need a parent or something with you but
if you want to go there go I wanna meet
your face and be there for three days
it's gonna be awesome if you're 18 plus
I'm gonna be drinking every single night
probably getting fairly drunk on one of
the nights like ridiculous a drama
called the the pop quiz which is amazing
like party atmosphere and really really
fun now I'm gonna be going to that I
don't want to see as many of you
eighteen plus year olds as possible
there's a game and events really cool
you got to be me Lord what the youtubers
and loads of all the cool stuff to do so
if you want to go use the link down
description use the code syndicate you
get yourself ten percent off so you can
thank me later there you go and
basically it's just gonna be a three-day
weekend binge of hanging out with me I
won't be there the entire time because
I've got going to meet in Greece and
everything bought at the nightlife at
the end of the day I am gonna be ready
to just like turn up when I should be
turning down so if you're looking
forward to that I'll see you guys in
some you click that link it's twins twin
scrub twins crop what green shot me your
tickets so I know you go in and I can
hi-fi
her face want to meet you in person so
thank you very much see you guys that is
something you 57 bring it up
