every day after I go out drinking it's
always bad day this is like heaven right
now and I got that chick-fil-a deliver
what you know what you know i'm also
watching film called dope on netflix
it's got like five star rating so giving
that a watching chillin out waffle fries
nuggets and a sandwich Oh heaven I got
sick of lying in bed all day so now I'm
in the path I'm so lazy today I've
literally done nothing apart from just
watch Netflix how does it i am
continuing the potato hair today I've
white showered twice just to be
freshened up everything like yeah I'll
spike immensely but I'm just like I have
all it these kind of days where I'm just
like SAT around way around doing nothing
just watching Netflix and there's
nothing for me to vlog I don't know what
to be like one minute longer just
nothingness so I'm thinking of maybe
throwing in like a QA throughout a light
not all dead professional anything like
that not with a popping up on screen
we're just like literally answering you
guys questions is to find out like check
the tweet then reply to you guys if you
guys want that leave lycra a bad Chinese
food yes I always gets all my chicken
and this time I've got half a dog have a
fucking dope to myself I don't know how
I'm gonna try and eat this book thanks
thanks thank you wait thank you thank
you the very best I'm fine with this and
I'm gonna take this food get in my
apartment and I could continue watching
the matrix when I was on the plane
flying over here to LA I realized that
I'm like the classics section they had
the matrix the second one I don't really
care about the first time I've seen that
bunch of times I was like yeah I watch
it and I watched it and I really managed
to understand what the hell is actually
going on in the matrix because most of
time like you know you watch movie as a
kid just like cool action shooting yeah
but I never really realized quite what
the matrix was and Mike how in depth is
like the smiths of viruses and all this
sauce shit you know I whatever the
proper terminology but it was like I
really have an understanding of what the
fuck is going on so now that i'm going
back through watching him i'm watching
this the third one now I'm just like
this is fucking amazing so yeah that's
basically what my days consisted of sat
in a very dark room just watching the
matrix with my razor
shit croma just looking fucking dope I'm
probably gonna do a recap in about like
five minutes of how good the food is and
then again at the end of the matrix so
I'll catch up with you homies then also
casey nice that's in town i really want
to try and get together with him and do
something i want to go to a beach model
i can i really really want to get to a
beach show I got try and see all in
cases in town for I probably tomorrow
after the Oscars because he's at the
Oscars and oh my god if I could organize
something with Casey to sneak into the
Oscars like somehow he slips his by Java
window and I sneak out sneak in another
window like I don't know if we could
pull something off it be fucking sick
and trying to work out what to drink
whatever naked oh sweet i've known one
of these in ages wonder if it's gone off
sure it can't go off that fast march
away oh yeah i'll drink that chinese
food in a naked drink i'm not too sure
that's a good combination Paul's the
fucking movie literally sat down for 5
14 seconds and Tom the tit rip the bag
open in the dark thinking it would be in
there and boom I shat myself and shit
myself and drop the fucking ducks
awesome oh this looks so wrong it looks
like a fucking murdered someone what a
waste as well it was nice warm hot sauce
on side now my my regret buying so many
donuts is quite high because i love
donuts and the fact that i'm not going
to eat all them it just depresses me
like what a waste of fuckin doughnuts no
one waste the sauce I'm just wasting my
life away huh good oh whoa whoa whoa I
was not expecting this at all oh this is
good uh uh uh smells like crusty tea
stains I'm my mum that's why are you I
oh good but mine no she's getting better
and better as the vlog goes on but i
always order pretty much two dinners cuz
in case one no you always pick the
didn't like like I know that's gonna be
good so he was getting one that I try
something new like that that fucking dog
guy and I hoped for and it was shit so
now still get to eat some good food so
santam chicken pieces remember okay this
looks good but what the mother of tits
is going on with mandarin oh it's gone
off it it is indeed but it's gone off ah
oh that Nath Davis is just not going
well for me is it still the muddy sauce
drinks gone off I didn't like the doc
what else is gonna go wrong please no
fucking earthquakes or something not
about that life I've lived in this
apartment now for about four months and
it took me falling over over a suitcase
that I had here into the sink to realize
that when I fell into this and grubbed
it this happens I had no idea i had that
built in not that I need it or is an
advantage release arts book it's a cool
little feature i found out yeah that's
not excited i get over things down oh
what the hell I was just much fun as it
was 111 either way look all the swag
that I got here got to route crates to
razor things another reason thing
another one another one and two loop
gain level whatever it's called I'm
gonna have to do like an unboxing one
day and on that note everyone keeps
asking me to get soaked with a p.o box
in america so if this enough demand i'll
totally set up a feel box i'm pretty
sure there's only a met there's a male
place not too far from me so I could set
it up there and just like every day just
roll on over with a no I haven't I'm not
gonna had chocolate milk in ages get a
chocolate milk from starbucks or rolling
over there and then just read your guys
letters and open you guys packages all
day you guys like the sound of that let
me know in the comments yep absolutely
doing it I'm committing right now and
watching ferris bueller's day off I've
never seen it before him alive and
everyone always quotes it Deadpool like
the new Deadpool movie it was in the
post credits like the scene was based
off this film so and like the Deadpool
in general was like inspired by ferris
bueller's day off so I'm gonna watch it
right now and give a review out of 10
once I'm done and for the record I may
fall asleep during this cuz it's like
two o'clock in the morning and I'm
fucking tight oh well you by fell asleep
holy shit i fell asleep pretty much
after watching
the big boos ask even managed to watch
the whole thing but as far as I did get
into it was really left my laptop on
under my covers whilst charging so I'm
surprised my bed didn't set on fire to
burn a sport either way I'm going to bed
guys thank you very much watching
today's vlog make sure leave like great
subscribe i'll see you all tomorrow if
you leave a comment saying i didn't
watch the big Poisson ski i watch Ferris
Bueller's Day Off ever leave a comment
saying Tom enjoy your day off goodbye
