and I drank more last night and I'm so
tired I got like no sleep I don't know
why I just wasn't feeling it and oh yeah
I found out what's outside that window
it's a fucking train track nice and
fresh member you guys always like I want
to get him drumming 450 pounds yesterday
well today instead away in a hundred
fifty-four I weigh 148 down I lost that
much weight sleeping sweet but a hotel
room you did me good kid I hope I've got
everything and I'm not left anything
this I do like I destroyed that bed I
just rolled around and all night not
being able to sleep so if there's
anything I'm gonna stay wait a minute
what are entreats a compliment well I'm
still in all that course I'm taking one
match with me because look how big it is
if that nose could be more annoying it
would be the fact that I have another
300 miles to walk whilst whistling -
this squeal this bites
John to die reason twice Tom's upset 101
one I didn't get much sleep to the fact
I didn't get much sleep man I didn't
wake up this morning go swimming I'll
get on the DJ colored machine every time
next time my sweet prince
next time I'm gonna feel you in bralorne
I felt good I'm straight up like a
vulture right now I completely miss back
breakfast but Angelo cuz he said
Angelo's looks so good to me I still
always dry toast of his play and now I'm
stealing his dry bacon
story Vallon story of angelo essentially
so good smoke Apple bacon
goodbye Hotel American flag and a
California white and palm trees can it
get any more American than this I don't
think so what we're all rowing in style
well I like super businesses hey listen
you guys always wanted to know why I do
a 3bd this is the shit we do secret
meetings bougie we're going seeing the
president is that true or is that false
being met with yourself now that is one
hell of a cool mom having a new chess
club of a chess game chess and wheels
this is absolutely crazy
we're inside the compass but it's got
like a mini hidden city in it right it's
got an on-site burger shack and then
this is an on-site arcade too much Sun
okay
space is awesome that's mine that's my
food right there
Oh hot dog fries milkshake all free all
right
this place is called pills look is
supposed to fill up ok this compass is
blowing my mind now that it's a god damn
Bank and apparently like this is
something is a dentist and that's a
fucking hair sullen it's all free
this is amazing Jesse the Pacer ok ok
this is what happens when you bring a
homeless guy to a meeting like it's a
prop get out that is the very first
Instagram post whatever this is I want
this in my life
ok what we didn't know because it's
absolutely what this is why you don't
bring me to me and I just play with
things what I thought we were about to
get on the pedal bikes bus psych we're
getting on the bus hello good discern
okay this is pretty damn good okay it's
got built-in radio yeah
wait I feel like I'm at Universal
Studios
whoa so what wait what's this come on
tour guide come on come on it's okay
what is it what is it building 20 wait
where's the other 19 talk about open
plot Facebook is not fucking around here
this is awesome
I'm getting even more and more confused
as we go along but look at that well
hacking station over there they're
actually told to sit then just hack
things and see what we can do and this
is food okay this is good
this is more food sign and this is a
food all that can be food all day all
different types of it aging
Mexican food and the salads and pizzas
oh my Luke no homeless people loud man
get out oh wait oh wait is this you're
homeless so you don't actually get a
real plate
the heck is this so how does this work
now it's too late I'm filming it oh all
the things it's three stories up I've
only got temperature fuck them and it's
hot oh it's hot
emergency defibrillator of course then
we go out here
we're the largest rooftop gardens in the
world that's pretty sick this is pretty
damn impressive
you know what Facebook Mac Mac Mac Mac
Zuckerberg you did good kid I'm Chokin
this is absolutely incredible to say
it's like a mile long like garden on top
of the building this is how big it is
and try and not get kicked out here walk
on the grass that's all Facebook all
this I never know what I'm gonna end up
next we just like hey you come in San
Francisco with it I was like okay now
I'm at Facebook this place gets even
more awesome check this out you saw a
barbers and a dentist before there's a
god damn sweet shop which is how open
till 8:00 p.m. every day because sneak
in here like loads of drew loads of
candy it's got built-in ice cream
vending machine
even though I've got ice cream right now
I'm so upset because Luke basically just
made me give up my Facebook visitor's
badge thanks Luke appreciate that did
you not notice when she said hand it in
I turned sideways and then was like
eight on your badge thanks mate thanks
thanks a lot
okay I need you
whoa that is awesome I'm gonna get my
dad one of them for the UK smaller than
a smart car but make sure you leave like
right if you when you eat ice creams you
eat it's like a miniature ice cream and
you treat it if it's a brand new ice
cream which is tiny I love it
hi my friend don't even know what that
means but I like the sound of it see you
bro
I made it to the airport oh my god it's
such a nice day no way alright heading
home but we got about a three-hour wait
at the airport anyway so tell me get
some work done
where's Ruby Dee homies and then commit
to the flight I just want to fit this on
yeah I have no idea where he just went
Jesse he worked
where are we San Francisco Airport was
it s FX FX just came over and said he
watches the videos let you watch the
vlogs you said yeah I was gonna throw a
minute but I'm not too sure where you
just went Jesse if you're watching this
thank you very much for saying hello
you're a good guy
get out of here you bloody thug yes
right back off Luke Ben took a shit one
of the guys used like security checks
for the planes to find walked out the
cabin walk past saw me you look back
over it was like oh shit it's just a
small world of meeting people and this
guy he plays he plays csgo he knows you
optica seen I know he saw how again
hooked up the first class upgrade very
shortly back to LAX we're gonna get back
and then at 2:00 a.m. tomorrow at the
college you DLC comes out so I've got to
get everything prepared
live streaming and recording itself it
should be a long long night and
consisting of several power-ups
goodbye San Francisco there's the
airport we just came from and not really
sick
try zooming
that little dot got around there I think
just an uber winner
it's an objet god damn that is some
turbulence in a hopper
get belts analytical's just click back
enjoy the ride the city of Los Angeles
one big festering circuit board looking
mothertrucker
and would you look at that which is zoom
really far in that's the Hollywood sign
I really couldn't even see it for me we
would up far away I was like what's that
on the hill oh that oh wait that's
Hollywood
any fire coming towards
yeah pop check
touchdown
my feedback to the apartment good news I
got my package no we didn't get robbed I
just opened it finally got my credit
card back man you know when I went to
Vegas I got my credit card declined and
blocked so I had to get a new one sent
out to mooch is finally around so now I
can actually buy things I've been I've
been living on driving a lie I've been
winning off my casino winnings for the
past like two weeks or three weeks since
I went to Vegas just to like buy food go
shopping buy plane tickets with all that
sauce stuff so now I have a credit card
so that's a great sign use me mister oh
is this some sort of sick joke how the
hell did it explode underneath the ball
what the fuck now I am staying in
tonight because I'm absolutely knackered
from all the traveling and everything
that I've been doing poor I got a text
of Bogor asking me for what to go
go-karting with him somewhere that's
like say 40 minutes away
Oh that'll be fucking awesome so if I
eat feel energy inside me that I'm I go
go-karting with him he literally texts
me saying like go go-karting with him
and although the models so it's hard to
turn that down boy it's really far away
where he wants me to go so I'm like ah
I've already done so much today so we'll
just have to see how tonight pans out I
might just end up in bed to be honest
you know it was even more awesome
getting in bed at 10 a.m. and falling
asleep I'm waking up at 2 a.m. this is
not impressive but now hard four hours
sleep I'm extremely tired the new
ecology DLC came out right now so I can
get up and play it boy it's 2 o'clock in
the morning so I'll just wake up all my
neighbours so I'm gonna go back to bed
guys and just end today's vlog here it
was adventurous there's enough anyway I
want to try and see if we can hit 50,000
like grains on steaks I think you guys a
beast mode do it so yeah hope you guys
enjoyed my little random adventure of
doing sneaky stuff the next couple days
probably nothing just because the DLCs
out for cod so I may be a bit tied up
with that but obviously I'm going
snowboarding in Utah so that should make
up for it so thanks for being you and I
will see you guys tomorrow for my next
daily vlog
make sure you subscribe see you tomorrow
and good bye
