well San Antonio you have been a
pleasant stay it has been a pleasant
room I'm raising it to a seven just
because it was awesome I give it a 6.5
book this is going to be my last day in
San Antonio maybe try and sneak over to
the venue today one last time to see if
any of you guys are still there
really tired had a really good night's
sleep for about the three hours that I
had but it's time to go and get a
massage before we set off because I've
got a long day of traveling ahead and me
and Josh this entire weekend have said
we're going into massage going at my
surgical yet masters show we're gonna
try Siva come check it now to go and get
that done so room it was a pleasure oh
my god look so tired we will actually
look like that next time I hope you
enjoyed your beer
and we finally found a food that I
really like that chicken laughs I do we
must have it round we're all getting
massaged by boys our longer massage I
had a face massage a full-body massage
oh my god I feel so good and so tired at
the same time if you've never had a
massage before like a proper one go and
get it man to say I've got a day of
traveling I've set myself up in a good
way but oh my god
I'm just so tired now I'm absolutely
exhausted so it's a beauty
can I please just take everything off
this menu right now I'm not even hungry
I'm just really really tired and hungry
I think I made a really good decision
Belgian waffle maple sauce Oh sir
literally about 30 seconds later I
completely destroyed that food it was so
damn good put the fruit on the center
well this is me doing my hair in the
hotel sweep
it's like jizz
it's like super like such a boom but on
anywhere to stay
nailed it well singers are the weather
here in Texas is so nice I made a really
bad decision in wearing jogging bottoms
that are really thick I do feel like I'm
in Australia right now the lack of sleep
is absolutely destroying me right now I
just want to lie down and sleep but I've
got about two hours before I even fly so
I'm just gonna go and sit down at the
terminal and just cry myself to sleep by
watching Netflix this is quite possibly
the best candy store I've ever seen
Airport in my life I'm impressed
I have to do it look at that slope I
have wheels on this okay good luck have
fun GG this is where I get kicked out
the air books it kills someone but let's
go
I like that good night just oh yeah
laziness oh this is where I'm kicking
back for the next two hours I am not
moving unless it's for food no alcohol
on maybe some more well unfortunately
you don't have to check my bag so
fingers pressed I get it back this is a
real quick little video for Clayton a
lazy 70 video on 12 fortunately I just
the event and I won't be able to see you
so clay and I'm sorry you're 7 foot 2
which had been doped to meet you but
Lacey thank you for your video stay
awesome and good bye
photo bomber in the background
question must
okay so I've landed in LA my flight was
delayed by like an hour it really
over everything because I've got in one
hour
a flight to San Francisco now I'm
supposed to get off the plane walk like
down the road a little bit and just wait
at the next gate for my flight to err to
some fun but unfortunately because there
was no space on the flight
my bank like suitcase got checked so I
have to all get from baggage claim which
means that the leave the airport like
through security and come back into his
Kure which is probably gonna take longer
than an hour so I'm probably gonna miss
my flight to San Francisco and it's so
project goal and good I mean what oh I
said that way too wrong it is so
cold in Los Angeles right now oh my god
my god I have power walked my
nuts off to get onto this a little walk
across the other side therefore it was
about a mile and a half long my legs are
on fire well I've got that if I've hit
some light things cross I make it made
it through security rushing to the gate
now getting stood behind court Isis that
fingers crossed
fingers crossed it's not done yet Wow
that camera I managed to make it to the
airport and as I made it there to make
everything better
Luke was like eh but you're free first
class upgrade so massive success that is
exactly right now look here we I found
for you a horse I am I brought you
snacks
oh they so Dam is why it's empty psych
you're the first ones on the plane okay
well Lucas thank you very much for
hooking up the first class oh yeah this
guy on first class Oh almost people in
first class go well you know I said no
alcohol for this trip in San Francisco
but allied Cheers
probably yep that's there's the window
so here's to another hand over drinking
that day was such a bad day he's made me
seriously peon tied I could sleep on the
plane but by the time we won that's only
to my eight o'clock so it's gonna be an
early night for Tom no going out
drinking just flying to San Francisco
that first and four meeting for
back to LA tomorrow let's get out of
here
I'm Joel the flight did you enjoy it
no relief area I guess that's where you
put it down it just doesn't stop crying
poor yeah it's cold is cold in San Fran
Cisco she's squatting on the window
just stuff time hook what the
that's not supposed to be doing that I
have a full-blown pax cold right now
Oh like I just head with a hair dryer a
head like success we found a lift
hey no smells pretty quick straight out
the airport straight into the car my leg
over here Oh Benjamin Franklin's just
kicking back and here yeah thank you
very much gets the okay this is hell a
mess yeah this is like a really spooky
longer Salt Lake is that I'm married
down there can you see a reflection of
yourself no I can't but it sure it does
look like it should be a mirror and this
building should not be this long oh my
god alright we made it to review review
review stage looky you're joining me for
my hotel review you get so you get to
chime in alright we have to do it really
quick here's the bathroom
very nice very nice is the well its got
like a separate sink section what's that
about nice Fancy's helmets and
scales nice but this is looking pretty
good shower head pretty nice what's
inside here oh yeah silk oh my god we
got coffee machine in here got a free
fresh light and an umbrella totally
taking that with me on my way back but
we got real fire for this oh can
you order what oh there's wooden there's
wooden there dude this is raising the
break-in all right nice room Tess this
get win two matches to light the one
they belong guys can watch holy
dude that is a big-ass match alright
nice TV nice TV so look at it what's the
view absolutely I'm hungry I cut yeah I
can't see hello
dude it's that bitch buck I can't see
anything I don't even know how high up
am okay that's spooky but that's how
I'll get it
oh good umm I give the room an 8 that's
pretty good as we say 7.5 let's say 7.5
then I'm gonna test the bet this is the
one thing oh oh yeah oh yeah oh it's
definitely Nate oh my god Luke this is
like heaven
heavenly sex oh by the way yeah we're
not sharing we've got our own rooms well
yeah that definitely gets this room
solid eight what's he called Stanford
Stanford Oak Park Hotel Stanford pocket
hotel you get an 8 out of 10
ooh well come on it's like were like the
present station side working honest work
is to run in the hallway the president
is coming through watch yourself well
yeah we honestly could not be a squawk
in that entire route again so we decided
to jog it what is he Lolita where are we
going
because like five minutes to walk the
last time running is so much more
efficient whoo there's a fitness center
in here we've got some weights all this
oh there's an elliptical do you not I do
a workout in the morning
holy crap oh this is nice I've always
wanted to try an elliptical DJ Khaled
wood it was a sign for pool so as I hey
let's go check it out and then we like
looked and it was into the long hallway
so we just said so that
unless we can like IRA scooter wow this
place well nice Wow
this is a pimp in a scrip I still can't
tell you guys why we're here secret me
in secret moons oh this is the
restaurant in the hotel hmm look at this
mummy and we could make a fine dining
and whining and flying today we don't
let my people in here yeah listen you're
good for today this is my this is my
tree and I've even paid my mountain
clown shouted the stars yes then I'm
gonna go for pork chop just because I'm
British
with calamari to share oh my gosh I
don't know what is going on but these
guys are just watching here
what top my god I so could you and so
these guys over here they're filming
waiting for from Japan with a television
show and Jack read Japanese TV show and
villager does art installations for six
months here in San Francisco
unfortunately we can't see exist helped
open last we were here for this time
would be pretty thick because if we
could found out some way what they do or
who they are yeah I've got a contact
card but my Jennifer we worked away in
for me to go over to your patent do some
cool now back Luke that that would
be networking boom this is that I'm not
going to show his business category if a
non from Japan watching my vlog did you
recognize this logo let me know who is
Wow me and Luca made a really good
decision
look at that meal Oh even know what this
is I don't want that is but I know that
that looks amazing
Oh John John I'm having a mid break poop
between my meals but this mushroom uh me
in on Luke's plate is so damn good like
it's almost put some of the best food
I've ever eaten in my life
you want to know how balancing this
hotel is they don't have tissue paper to
dry your hands with god damned mini
towels what well after eating all that
food a lot alcohol this weekend I've
decided we're going to weigh ourselves
right how much am I gonna weigh leave a
guess right now in the comments all my
pants fell down
oh that you can see wait wait ah let's
leave a comment on what you think I
weigh I usually weigh like 145 to 150
right now I weigh 150 to got down we
need to get working out again boys we
need to get on to that 150 mark and I
was probably cuz I'm just eaten but I am
ready to sit Oh just walking out of her
pants they're like look I'm on jockey
buttons you just fell okay there's
probably someone outside that window
just staring at me like what Oh none of
us guys I am going to bed yeah it is
rare it's just I think it's just turned
10 p.m. but for a long day plus I'm on
Texas time right now under according to
Texas time it's mid
so I'm going to bed thank you very much
for watching if you guys have been
enjoying these logs just leave a like
right leave a comment let me know tell
me your favorite thing about it and I
guess I'll see you guys tomorrow at 10
a.m.
LA time yes our 6 p.m. UK time your
faces are fabulous and good bye what you
can leave this on your door handle tick
exactly what you want then they'll bring
it to you at whatever time you desire
this is amazing
