good morning well it's a new dawn it's a
new day I am NOT hung over I am slightly
tired but nonetheless we're starting off
a fresh day with a fresh phone and
fingers crossed no fuck-ups loved being
in the Sun wait we're near UCLA yeah
what oh my god I not met you contender
what I mean I need to come pay a visit
someone Luke how you doing what's up
buddy yeah dude
damn damn you'll get here back with a
white trainers like I've heard so much
about juicy minds but never been here
before
this seems like a good idea how long ask
you I know health and safety expert but
that looks like a pretty open drain
right there you have made it to super
secret meeting number two
you would have seen like a super secret
meeting number one but that was
yesterday so you guys missed out look at
this money focusing I took like two
bites out of it easily a nanotech no off
conference room I'm the first one here
this is not a good idea
should just try my said dick on the wall
and see a lot surprises and for secretly
it over finally time to go to the next
meeting geesh
I left his bag upstairs so we're now
waiting for him to go get it before we
can go to the next meeting so yeah busy
Damon busy there this vent of cold air
is blowing ACM down my pants and
freezing my balls a lot of fun of this
right now I'm gonna move this
immediately thank you
we have made it to the next location
stairs right there the meetings are done
and dusted the now next meeting I have
is with these coat hangers and these
clothes that need dry aldi how it looks
like I put the woolly mammoth in the
dryer that's the amount of dust and wool
dust that has come off my clothes Jesus
look at it bloody ell
as well think
living in LA I have never done this
before him up like Tom why are you
walking around the plastic bag ball I've
got so many shirts here that I either
one don't wear don't fit me out shrunk
ah basically I just yeah just don't want
anymore so I'm gonna put them in here
I don't good manners the sock I'm gonna
just donate them to one of the charity
banks I remember when I moved in my
landlord he said like he's got any
clothes that don't fit you're anything
like that let me have him was like yeah
sure will do I just never got around to
it so we're gonna fill this sack up and
give it to cherry yeah oh man I love all
the shirts that I've gotten thrown out
like a bunch of sitting to get original
like all shirts that shrunk over time
and like basically shirts like two three
years old something so they just don't
fit me anymore but this is gonna be the
saddest one to say goodbye to
I might actually keep hold of it just
like it's a memory thing but not hang it
up just in case it works it really isn't
for me like look how small nothing is
but like this is one of my favorite
designs like I love the right like I'm
sure that we did bought the black and
white riot line design now we don't do
this anymore and I might actually bring
it back for a limited time only not like
limited edition but just like a one
weekend run of it because this is one of
my favorite designs that we ever did was
that one thing was the second shirt we
ever did and in color it looks great but
in the black and white it just it looks
so good everything about it just pops
you're not drawn to an individual
feature because the color of it or
anything you just can appreciate the
pure design of it so if you guys want to
see like a limited run of this like
comeback for like three days only
something then let me know and I'll
speak to Alice and Evan and again I need
to say this Courtney thank you so much
so everyone always knows that my sister
and when were in the UK and in the u.s.
ever I always say Avex I just referred
to as Evan like I always did with
everything but it's actually Evan and
his wife it's like a full silica
originals like a full family wrong
business so if you order sure and you're
from like Canada America or like that
sort of region or itself America then if
you do put place an order for sure
always say like Courtney I love you all
hello Courtney having a nice day because
unlike the comments section because it's
Courtney who's packing your guy's shirts
and stuff so Senko need some love and
yeah man again
Courtney thank you for everything you do
for the company like like I said I just
don't get rid of it to my baby so I
think I might keep this a I'm gonna like
put it in a drawer and just keep as a
memory done there we have it all non
syndicate original t-shirts
shirts hoodies onesies and sports
jackets offing
well that's not supposed to be up there
actually I'll show you this the reason
why it's over there so I don't
accidentally put it on Brits of memory
and bhushanam already oh the good times
but then over here we have got but I
don't the syndicate original my pack of
clothes I probably threw away like 20
cynically original shows like look how
many like that's all to the brim of them
I've also got three pairs of jeans yes
I'm not wearing any pants instead of
trying to model on like some black pants
I'll gonna weigh in a belt to get to
cherry as well
I got cokes and I'm thinking I might
gonna get all my DCs and put them up
here so I can see the back of them and I
might also do another bag to throw away
some like Dodie sees you know I mean
some pair of shoes that I'll be like
well you know I don't go out because
these are actually really nice because I
don't know they're all scuffed up on the
back isn't loud but like someone
somewhere could use them so you know
it's better that it goes to someone and
then they throw it away or without me
just throw it away I'm like oh no one
needs it you know I think gotta think
positive and about the other people in
the world I now get to add my season two
of legends of gaming over to my
collection piles you can see this season
one where I was actually a competitor
teller that was really cool and then I
got my season two oh yeah
so that was available nonetheless they
can stay there syndicate syndicate
looking nice and Beast Boy the one that
has to be in front of all times is my
syndicate original actually syndicate
sorry is my original syndicate optic
gaming oh gee Mike tournament thing
Jersey there you that's for the day when
we decide to open a minecraft League or
some sort of game I play weak and I get
to throw it on and go MLG on people's
back number one of clothes
complete super organized right now like
empty all my suitcases I've got scuffing
getting ready for the next trip that I'm
going on all the charity stuff stone
there's like clothes all around my house
that I'm organizing cleaning knob
there's still a box that I haven't
opened from when I moved in I don't any
idea what's inside that something to
open that up and over the laughs I'm
getting pretty motivated
organizing the so quite happy right
now I just want to put my suitcase away
and it fell into Mary and it not Frank
over and he looks like he's trying to go
himself a piece of that building
think what I'm gonna do tomorrow is
donate all these socks cherry as well
and then go out and buy like 50 pairs of
new socks all of the same types so that
way I never have an issue of having to
pair them up I've just throw them in but
any two and they'll match I'm a
genius yeah I did my face girl that he
was like that check out how awesome
these gloves are shonduras gave me these
when I went to his house he's swag to me
out loads of DC gay but check this out
but the Beast is most badass gloves ever
I think the Alpha like snowboarding cuz
the like leather and skin and stuff for
like I want to see if DC you've got any
of these the motorbike doesn't look like
something like Batman and we're yes we
all know Superman's death but the
comment warranted
I just cannot English today let the war
in the comments begin Batman vs Superman
who wins clearly Superman I'll have to
do blink at the he's dead
I genuinely have no idea what is gonna
be inside this box
what are we guessing leave a comment
right now so this is from when I moved
out in the old place to this place was
gonna be inside this box and the survey
says reading so would you leave that in
the box and then go put in the cup of
what I'm gonna show you guys right now
is a little sneaky behind the scenes of
why my YouTube analytics just to show
you guys like what's going on and like
what's making me happy about this in
particular thing this is when I made the
decision to start war games like okay
I'm gonna daily vlog and I talked about
daily vlogging but I didn't actually do
it and then I was like no I have no
daily vlog I started to daily vlog and
over the time of the - the days when I
missed uploading the video so it's like
putting 1 2 3 4 5 5 videos in the past
six months I've missed but other than
that this has been the Grove of me
growing as a vlogger on YouTube and I'll
tell you I cannot thank you guys enough
for watching the videos my vlogging
channel used to do like 3 million views
a month at its best if I at least
uploaded a few times a month but now I'm
going in general there's like 13 million
views a month now I know some YouTube
channels do like 300 million views a
month but from vlogging I like what I
enjoy on YouTube is grow
my blog in general wanting to do cool
 to see that it went from black
beans so small to like absolute
ridiculous like its quadrupled in size
which is ridiculous it's amazing and I
just like wanted to quickly take a
second you know to say thank you to you
guys for watching the vlogs and sharing
it with your friends and you know just
being part of my life so thank you Bob
turned I hope it's as good as I think it
is because we need like two hours for it
and the restaurants like Rob Nicole and
I could have just walked that are
probably gonna cut it quicker but I was
like now sit down
Netflix chill watch the Marvel Avengers
that before we get awesome I don't know
how I feel about this I took a Baldy
choice and was like it looked good in
the pictures so I'll just have to give
it a try let's just get this nemesis out
of the way whilst watching Ali A's blog
tweet him saying syndicate he's watching
you this is the backup dish tub ah but
in case this one tastes like I'll
eat this one but now this one also looks
like poop so yeah gosh I'm gonna take
this back this is actually really damn
good I like it it was at that exact
moment where Tom forgot to start
vlogging I have my food sat there
chilled watching Marvel Avengers on
Netflix for literally like four hours
straight rendered out a few videos for
the main channel gaming coke coming out
for the next two days csgo videos and
yeah that's pretty much it
oh thank you very much for watching I
hope you've enjoyed today as well give
you how to make sure the light gray and
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for my new vlog and if you want
to leave a comment saying rusty spoons
Rus delicious
I will find you down in the comments if
you attach your Twitter to it I'm gonna
pick someone and give us in the original
t-shirt to it so yes you had to get a
new one not one I have thrown away you
get a brand new one so yeah see you guys
tomorrow in the next vlog bye
