well this absolutely sucks because I've
got some explaining to do for today's
vlog and I apologize sincerely today's
vlog was absolutely awesome I got up I
went to a studio behind the scenes
filmed a lot of like epic props like
Terminator statues and guns and Shia it
was absolutely amazing like film some
secret stuff I shouldn't filmed actually
got showered out for it but there
managed to sneak out away with the
footage and they said I could actually
post it so I was like sweet
this is awesome sorry cool Ferrari Luke
got in a car crash I managed to talk
about the story of Luke again and the
character she how he's okay everything's
fine and like a hobo nearly kicked off
with him and put him in the face
so that was an epic story then I went to
the iTunes Apple Store because you guys
kept saying there was a mark on my
camera now you were right there was a
mark of my camera I tried to clean it
off with my t-shirt but that didn't do
anything so I went there they said
there's a defect with the camera so they
have to swap it out it was like yep
we'll swap it out so I backed up all the
footage on my camera from that point on
I thought I had my footage for the day
saved little did I know that the footage
did not save whatsoever and I sat there
in the iTunes store on edge until the
Apple Store for an hour and a half
waiting for all my footage shot the day
and yesterday to backup online for me
it's to be able to download it back when
I got my phone like say you know three
hours later I think he was gonna be
scared to go into the upgrade now got my
phone back
bought in between my phone being handed
in and I waited an hour and I have to
hand it in then I went for a walk went
shopping went to an all-girls tour where
I found out you can customize sunglasses
that being these bad boys here if you
guys wanted to know why they're
customized and they look like each pair
of vocals never had you go in and you
pick the color of the frame then you
pick the color of like the the Oakley on
the edge then you pick the ones so I
went in and customized black lens gold
with gold with polarized lenses so like
it's like really really good for looking
at the Sun and then I went with white a
purple and purple polarized lens so I
lost my shit inside Oh clicks I walked
in and I saw a gold pair as like hair
like these the word polarisers like I
like these I'll take them and I was like
and kind of like this purple ones I'll
take that and then she was like you know
you can customize your own I was like
what
and litter there's a place where you go
the back and like how you build a car
online you know like I want these wheels
this engine this that says you do that
with Oakley's and that's it so I was
like this frame this side like color
this lens called this kind of ones I was
wet in the back and customized and got
myself two brand new swaggy oakley so
I'm pretty stoked about let me say this
right now all that I could not have vlog
because whilst I was shopping and going
like looking at Oakley and stuff like
that
my phone was gone in for a pair so I
just couldn't have filmed anyway so that
sucked by Oprah I could have got the
studio footage from earlier today then
because I had so much time to wait for
Apple to repair my phone I decided to go
and watch Deadpool again on my own and
I've never really ever worked to go to
the cinema on my own even though I want
to go and watch films I was like why
don't you go to the cinema on my elbow I
actually went to the cinema on my own
and it was awesome there was only like
three people in the entire cinemas and I
just kicked back on a reclining chair
that's how dope it was kick back in a
reclining chair I just sat there
watching Deadpool fell asleep 20 minutes
into it all for five minutes and the
reason why I went to see Deadpool at
ganks I've already seen it is because
yeah I fell asleep in it last time but
for like 20 minutes at the end so I went
in and saw everything I didn't see
before and it was well worth it oh my
goodness I finally got my phone back why
is there a dog in our spot
either way finally got my phone back can
not believe it I came in they had to
replace the phone we could just replace
the camera and then I had to go I went
shopping I went watch Deadpool like
whilst waiting for the phone and now
there's like an invasion going up inside
I'm gonna bargain
these guys are all supporting like apple
not giving FBI their informations too
far so I guess it's a good thing but at
the same time it's like
well I definitely say I oh why is my
phone feel like he's calling in slow
motion
damn Daniel what you know about doing
some csgo case openings look what I
found I managed to a box myself a lava
skater on sex psyche managed to just a
box on stream i got down bowie knives to
firing faster fart went try that one
again
we got a bowie knife safari mesh it is
minimal wear and looks like a potato
ball ball I feel like it kind of suits
the knife it's like an Australian that's
not a knife this is it north
say hi vlog say I vlog on once a day I'm
Daniel damn tried backing up my phone
from where I backed you up earlier on
today to try and get the footage from
the staff today's vlog but I went behind
the scenes like some secret office book
I think I've lost it all I'm sorry and
this food is so damn good I like 700
ratings and everyone the comments was
like best chicken tikka masala in Los
Angeles I'm not even that much of a fan
of curry but this is solid you can take
it masala I've got Papa John's I got
this whirring am times 2 because I'm
addicted to this shit whilst watching
Marvel Avengers
fortunately guys that's gonna be it for
today's vlog I'm sorry I fell asleep
with myself or immediately after eating
Mike Carey I fell asleep it like 10 a 10
am asleep at like 10 p.m. and then woke
up at 2:00 a.m. I'd like to see we'll
put 6 mm I'd sleep welcome back I am
still go back to sleep for a few hours
but hopefully today's vlog will be
perfect like today's tomorrow's vlog
will be perfect with no issues no
replacing iPhone cameras fingers crossed
and you shall see how that goes I'm not
sure I have anything planned but well
just well just the other day pants up
look like you are what you watching if
you want to be asked to leave a like
rating I'd appreciate that even though
it was a really poop vlog but shit just
happens and subscribe and I'll see you
guys tomorrow 6 p.m. UK time for the
next vlog so thanks for bearing with me
sorry about the smudge on the back of
the camera you guys were telling the
truth I thought you were trolling
goodbye
