good morning world what do you know
about rocking that limited-edition
Illuminati t-shirt if you guys got yours
I want you to tweet me a picture of it
right now
but today my voice is feeling a little
bit better but I never got any medicine
yesterday was the whole point of going
to the shop to get medicine and we never
got any so we'll get some today and
we're gonna go get like a fucking bunch
of towels and shit the departments I've
literally run out today I'll show you
why I dried myself without struggle the
shower this is a swimming sports like
raised talents too quickly like when you
get out you just dry yourself off so
you're not freezing cold but it doesn't
absorb water I use that and a hairdryer
to dry myself without a shower today so
that sucked
also I may just try an organizer cleaner
to come around the apartment remember
like why don't you do it like a wood
ball let the floors need mopping all
that sort of shit and what the fuck are
they
dishwasher check I actually called a
dishwasher for washing machine check
dryer check me hungry breakfast no check
Oh back at it in the Sun this feels so
damn nice bowl of cereal
music sunlight perfect this is how we're
gonna test whether or not I should go
downtown that is the highway the
motorway there really it's all the way
all the way all the way to downtown now
that's where I need to go so the traffic
is flowing therefore we're going
did you get a paw and drop me off right
now because I don't love football cuz
I'm from Manchester oh my god I hate
football I think it's almost boring
sports in the world
so what do you want anything else down
on our bike in skydiving snowboarding
anything hey I'll probably even prefer
golf over football oh yeah every yuba
driver you ask me where I'm from and I
say Manchester the immediately go like
oh you must be my knight your phone no
that's why sometimes it's lions and from
Wales or some shit hole three BD offices
Qasim upgrades I'm gonna show you guys a
minute but I'm just gonna go upstairs
don't at all but we've not only now got
one for we've got two floors of the off
yourself it's just crazy so he's gonna
give me the best cup of tea the two
sugars event I don't play everything you
want sugar Bridget the bridge sugar in
tea will ruin it yeah that's how the
British do it dude this is the three BD
office now cold gaming self we're still
doing that work over here
poor things over here hello there's Alan
story of Alan yeah as a mile run working
hard but more people and check this out
we've built this how fucking cool is
that this used to be all open
but now we've built two separate office
spaces hello Hillary it you liking your
new little space you got your own little
private office yes
stoked for you this is fucking awesome
and then oh shit
wait we filled in the wall well we
filled in the wall I guess it needs
painting but now we've got all like
office like four meetings and shit and
then we've got I think this is Luke's
office down here
this is fucking sick listen this wizard
right here working games this is quick
magazines I said all you're seeing
you're like a is it going well oh you're
good like me and cristela this is
doing one and that's it you guys seen
nothing self by Southwest
get ready wait a minute who's headsets
this this yours
no dude that's the first-ever headset
but I used to make youtube videos with
holders Montag okay so we got me this
tea you ready
give him a rating out of 10 oh it's good
but then he's got horrible aftertaste ah
this was made with some nasty-ass tea
leaves it tastes good at the start well
then it's just like boy look I don't
give one more chance
taste good taste
oh you like it guess I feel like it goes
mouldy like halfway through well I'm
gonna have to close Luke's office door
because if I sneak over to here and go
in here oh yeah I thought you get out of
there
something racist to bridge people in tea
yeah go fuck yourself go have a cup of
go another cup of coffee a couplet wait
no give him a bed look at him so cute so
keep many well whoa oh she had a phone
totally forgot there's a Scilla bathtub
and shower lots of things and spell
things I think someone's been using it
well it's 5 o'clock and everyone's going
home
except one man one man with the story of
his life one man who just sits there
coding all day doing awesome shit are
you doing okay dude everyone's missed
you yelling in the vlog for ages I'm
Alan I'm a story O'Malley the story of
Alan dude well continue your story I
love you bro all right so I've got Alan
playing the game you Nigel Oh play so
but don't were only play for $10 but you
get slower and got lower are you gonna
pick one of these higher or lower hey
which one are you to flip over yes
oh good good shit right I don't know ooh
this is our well
oh shit $10 right higher higher oh shit
I wish I was like you creepy god damn
this is like the table we're looking for
for like the 3bd office look at it so
babe it's a big wooden schlong and it's
that big and wooden that it costs oh god
damn money truly does grow on trees that
fucking thing boreal you know what we
walk up this alley so often and I still
don't fucking understand what's going on
here just looks like bunch of guys
arguing over like a Bay or summat like
look at this guy busy doing he's about
fucking knock him the fuck out at I will
forever never understand you and I know
it's open to interpretation but I
stopped looks like a gay rave going on
just walked at this random ass road to
bar and we're going in it
I would not expect this from the outside
this is fucking dope fucking hipster
bars
oh my god this looks so damn good
oh my god this food so good I got
another one
oh my gosh but I got this you know what
I give that nine
I gave it a 9.5 but it's really that
good I'm fucking doing it a tad like
serious - god it's so so good that's a
solid statement all right this is why
Americans confuse me why'd you put
pickles on everything right why it's so
unnecessary
No hey Wow look at that guess what Kevin
this food okay what is it this time hey
I motherfucking fuck off can fuck out of
here
fuck you all right now this is its
frieszo burger and you see what this
guess in a series of events I had to
hand off my food to Luke couldn't do it
it had what was it a lot
Absalon Chauhan and cilantro to me
tastes like but I'm burning burning
metal and then it's like when you chew
it like the smell like it feels like
it's pouring out your nose it's
disgustin and - give it up man
yeah lotta fun I just still don't
understand it what what the hell is
happening
you confused me this is basically what
you do when you have so much office
space to play with that immaturity in
really chairs go a long way
alright go on - oh this is gonna be bad
guess damn one of those meet smile damn
Daniel catch of it until I deliver much
look like to ride home um you're
officially still homeless though but but
you keep you keep your clothes in the
car you're living this Wow that mean
insult back I am already feeling a
million times better sitting in the Sun
for a few hours each day cuz I just
makes me feel like I'm not pale ghost
there's one thing Tom doesn't like it's
being a bad girls bar back to the
apartment was gonna livestream but
because of my voice I think I might rest
and go to bed and then that way tomorrow
I should be good and I can lunchroom and
make videos and vlog properly apparently
is like amazingly famously get famously
good like a huge full moon tonight so
I'm gonna sneak on the roof and go and
find it I got up here and it's not even
that good it's tiny yeah guess it's a
full moon but damn Daniel that was
ridiculously disappointing everyone on
snapchat was like hey yeah we got on
these Heights up to mountains and shit
to go and look at it and I just had to
go up on my roof a little coven was like
like that every day for the difficult
part of the day checking the dryer is it
right now ah I think that the dryer
isn't done means I can't go to bed and
you may be like why Tom why well up - oh
we're down the wrong same reason why
that's disappointing I'm gonna teach
right now is because that was supposed
to dry so could take it out put it away
and now all these wet clothes you have
to stay where I can actually two hours
damn it dryer just are waiting for the
dryer to finished all the fucking Phil
on Netflix and TV shows can someone
leave you comment suggestion of what to
watch next
and don't say read a book and I'll fight
you decided I'm just gonna put on some
random documentary and watch it and fall
asleep
that's the plan of act why is this in my
bed oh there's my lost wristband other
way if you haven't got one of these i
massively suggest you do it because
we've got a bunch more comments in the
original that different colors so if you
guys want to get them go and get a link
will be in the description but not ice
I'm really stoked for you guys to find
out what we're up to it through BD if
you go into South by Southwest we're
gonna have a big like massive stun there
we're gonna do a meet and greets and
signings like see Nana's gonna be there
Vallance is gonna be there at a bunch of
other people so if you want stop by
Southwest what's your face is there oh I
think I'm gonna weigh about five more
minutes for that dried to finish and
then I'm just gonna go to bed so guys
thank you're watching more what thank
you very much for watching today's vlog
if you've enjoyed it make sure you click
the like button and let me know you
actually enjoy the board subscribe I
make new videos every single day at 6
p.m. UK time and leave a comment st. Tom
you are a Tyrannosaurus Thomas I'm sure
I said that wrong but nonetheless I'll
see you guys tomorrow for next video at
it
