or today is gonna be a tough day just
because of this voice I sound so
hungover / drunk but I'm not completely
sober completely fine
I'm just spitting sound paper feathers
out of my throat I was I'm going to and
there's a firm market so cuz I'm
absolutely starving I think we'll check
it out totally forgot Rama's mark is our
fresh healthy food
there's no cooked food it's all
vegetables of cheer I cried every time
right now
my voice is on fire this is exactly what
I want right now
panini fresh orange juice sun's out
fucking perfect now go get my heckle
well if sharise can hear anything I say
we're gonna come out with the right
haircut today do you trust me cuz I
trust you oh that was the best like
massage I feel like new oh this place
gets better better I love this I got
like a head massage not give a back
massage oh come again Oh God
well I got the haircut and I'm not gonna
lie I'm really really fucking happy
that's exactly what I wanted but look
this fucking thing oh my god
is beautiful oh I'm so happy about his
haircut and not very happy about my
voice but either way I'm getting a
laptop we come up and sitting in the Sun
because I am sick to death of looking
like a pale ghost so we're getting some
sun rays boys and I'm just not gonna
talk okay
oh I just saw my landlady she's
absolutely fucking amazing she line up
nicest person of all she was like don't
drink alcohol your waist your body for
the future like you're pretty much right
but look at this cake that some of my
laptop and just get some soon I need to
do this like every day I look at this
it's perfect just say like that so I'm
gonna make know what time the Sun like
this players be in the building and then
I'm gonna make sure I come up here like
try and just get some fresh air and some
sunlight on me I said there's that you
just go but then it's kept getting
drunken never coming up a self anyway
I'm stopping talking going oh my god
every time I go to walk I forget I've
lost my voice I'm like oh yeah just work
but the Sun is like creeping up my body
now and then disappearing as it goes
over the mountain oh the belt the
building if but could good times go low
- shit Don spoke to all that family
which is really good but hey I don't
guess I'm throat wasn't just for this so
we're going shopping the sword line is
right on the border wife I'm refusing to
leave until it was away so my bomb half
my body's freezing cold in the top half
is just like
I love Europe now the sun's gone down is
way way to call the shots jeans oh my
god I can't handle this voice anymore
the medicine must be obtained
I like the Lawson is with me look how
big his head to look something better
got some food go into the shop
scope okay me I'm trying these ribs
right now what my voice is back
just in case they're terrible look
fucking good
I'll get it oh my god I don't even know
how to tag this but keep it taste taste
test
hold share that's good
cuz the music from GTA Vice here look at
the difference
February 24th runs out March 1st swaggy
oh my voice is killing me I'm just
talking in weird voice is enough so you
can say mmm milk
obtained
I can totally push events necessary
items obtained returning to the
apartment just to work thing make videos
on I and by our week in videos online
I'm a skyping with relax playing you
like that drama I thinking something I
came Lina we go guess what it is
yeah my man so ask me goodnight oh my
god I just my strong box of fucking red
and all stuff so pill pause this I'm
right now I'm gonna Eskimo my my voice
is just dead I want them galvanized just
a low to the side I'm just opening cases
is just mindlessly I just managed to get
a brand new weapon holy shit field test
is well holy crap oh man fortunately a
lost ball good thing bad thing okay Lex
I've got no voice so you have to pick
whether or not I'm terrorist or count
terrorists yeah host the terrorist type
okay / characteristic Oh Lex will you
and I will you lose well fortunately you
didn't the Blues it was the first one
disappointed in you okay we're gonna try
this again Lex counterterrorism
terrorists okay tourists is Lex you did
good kid we would celebrate fine
yes you want you want us $239 no oh all
right we're gonna get Lex to terrorists
or counter-terrorist
the other got do the same one as last
time we're gonna go terrorist again to
the last time
all right Lex we're spinning here are
you feeling lucky yes okay now Paul's
did not seem like we're feeling okay
well I'm gonna say is we won four
hundred and one dollars yes yes
terrorists or counters oh really why why
why are you confident where's the dog
where's Cana honestly though look at him
does he look like Usain to terrorists on
counter terrorists okay counter sir yes
Lex are you ready are you ready
oh no that the sighs freezing right now
I don't know if we're gonna win I lose
we're gonna Lex we won we won $600 we
fuckin won yes
wait let's see his reaction objection
what's he got his ass we're Rhys tyne
and going from $800 back to $100 and 200
of them 300 to 400 so fingers crossed
mics can make us win again all right Lex
it's spinning its spinning you ready
this is a tie terrorists we won oh we
should we should have done there you
hundred we would have fuckin won $100 no
what do you look so Y it does not help
in Jinja stereotype Lex were up we're up
it's spinning its spinning what do you
thinking I'm gonna win we're gonna win
we're gonna lose do you lose I'm gonna
win Oh your first loss Oh let you let me
down okay
no listen Oh next time you go make it
happen okay so which one are we going
this time definitely anti-terrorists
all right going on I terrorists this is
it we're going to find out this is a
$405 bat Lex we won looking a wizard I'm
gonna go any terrorists yes Lex we
wonder that we wonder that $1,000 Lex
that we want at $1,000 knife holy shit
we won one knife not low it's just worn
with a shitload money how do you feel
you excited she's shooting your life -
gambling on system Oh
we're spinning Lex we're spinning this
our official last one of the day how do
you feel
oh this is it this is the last one oh my
god we won fuck oh fuck my tits
well fuck just because like we wanted
them to tonight it was good where we
were fine I put it all on the line and
decided to lose it or widower so Lex
we just went through thousand dollars we
just won $3,000 Oh we shit Lex you are a
fucking Saint I love you how in a wool
the Fox am I supposed to spell that
having drama I don't even know okay we
both quit that one I'm gonna try and
draw this oh I am so sorry for today's
vlog being late guys like one I really
enjoyed getting a good night's sleep but
to my voice is just so dead that
yesterday's vlog for some reason I just
thought I was going to continue it more
and continued more throughout the day
cuz it was gonna be like a 1 minute vlog
so that's why I just ended up all day on
csgo lotto and scared to have likes like
6 hours so I'm sorry that was kind of
turned into like a gaming video and it's
something that you really have got on my
main channel but I was walking with wax
and just chilling out and writes in for
the night so
I don't know I'm going to do today about
my voice because it literally is ruined
in my vlog and I need to just stop
talking so I need to decide what I'm
going to do we might have to do a sign
language vlog today so the last thing
you much watching all of you guys I'll
see you tomorrow at 6 p.m. UK time and
goodbye
