I would even live to ten minutes that's
sick y'all not free shake it what's up
guys like behind it just join in the
stream so far my lap took my laptop
isn't even open and all of a sudden boat
II just randomly started coming out of
it what the fuck but some chores to do
today we're going to go to USP you you a
USP a gun-store no a UPS Store to drop
off the the documents that I've got to
send off from yesterday so let's get up
and get that done I woke up in the mood
today to feel like I want to go to a gun
club now I've never been to one in a
light and I know where there's a few but
I've got to get these documents dropped
off sort that out and if I can do that
I'm gonna help nadeshot and see if he
wants to go shoot in let's see if this
is good on the video games is he is in
real life call him out right now if
nature doesn't come cause you too busy
playing card Yui yes I Oh No worst-case
scenario has finally happened well it's
not worst-case scenario but someone's
finally parked next to my vehicle so
that means every time I try and park it
in now it's gonna be an absolute pain in
the ass oh and I did not want to hit a
Range Rover fuck that all right
he's weak chips sweet stuff made it to
the UPS Store they said it's going to
take three days I need it down too so
they said try this one around the corner
the US Postal Service so we go try that
and
that's a friction I totally want to go
in it god damn almost an hour later
after going to the post office
I can guarantee you right now my car
where fact it as 100% got a ticket on it
it's a 30-minute minimum stay and I like
you dork I got to like 25 minutes got to
the front where I needed to like pate
and start it all out and then it just
ended up taking self fucking long so
yeah probably have a ticket on my car
right now well I don't see a ticket so
that's even a good thing or bad thing I
know you think if there's no ticket then
there's no ticket but sometimes I like
you can get really fucked over where is
they just send it to your address rather
than put it on your car so you don't
know you actually got one I don't know I
don't see anyone else like I don't see
the ticket attendants we might just be
good that is one hell of a hipster
looking fire station look at it that is
so that is little early so la right now
time to fill up the bay with some fuel
time to put my phone away more than
anything
I like help for the first time I've
actually done it so it does itself
automatically whilst trying to vlog away
from it so I'm currently put in 8
gallons this would cost so much money in
the UK which is $27 so far I'm putting
in 40 and then a little for Drive I
don't really I think I've got a load of
stuff that I need to don't need to do
some shopping like for towels and shit
bought oh no I wanna go in adventure in
the sunlight ah yeah told you got I need
to go from the petrol station to
Vaughn's because I drank all my water
when I was hungover parking packing was
pretty good fuck yeah of course I get
the one trolley that's fucking drunk
look at it just wants to go salt my gosh
ok we meet again naked I think this time
I know not to touch anything on this
Isle at all because it's got all like
added shit to it so I'm just gonna go
with pure natural like this shit here
this company or house they tweeted me so
I should really try one of those if I
like it but at the same time no vanilla
chai tea no what the shit is this a
dragon fruit oh my god I have to buy one
to try and children step up my cooking
game eggs I'll ever need bacon egg and
bacon every day is that bad for you I
don't care I think we can also
definitely say that's a lie there's no
way I'm gonna cook every single fucking
day like yeah I am in the land of Harley
from Epic Meal Time now holy crap which
one to get I'm trying to look for one
that looks most like British bacon okay
I got standard bacon ah I got one cured
pepper coated bacon that sounds like
heaven what's this uncured sent to cook
bacon I only done one I got pepper
cooked bacon yeah just like that my
shoppings done but what I didn't realize
is that if I were to come here in the
first place put fuel in got my food and
with a lot just over there I would've
found out there's a fucking postal
service oh look it's not visit or
anything I could have just walked in
there probably shipped it straight away
and walk straight out I am not even
kidding
is this nade that's just happened to
turn up at this store right now go back
I'm gonna cook myself some food feel
good about cooking myself some food and
then see what the plan of action for
today is a nadeshot what I say like it's
not his fault we didn't plan it or
anything but I did say like it'd be nice
to go to a gun range range with nadeshot
today but he can't make it he's busy so
unfortunately that plan of action is ELQ
canceled haha right my see everything up
from the car to the workspace area now
I'm not used this oven before I haven't
cooked Oh before I know how to cook
bought this is still probably gonna go
very very wrong also side note where
would we be without a naked drink today
I think I've already had this one but I
don't know no it's this right okay so I
just bought a bunch more like bunch more
of them and I bought two extra of these
put Lily out let the boosted the just
not same one but basically I bought
another one of these I think this is the
one that I don't like because you see it
looks all pasty in the bottom at
that's like the whey protein or some
shit like that so anyway let's give it a
try and see if I like it leave a comment
now whether or not you think I'm gonna
like it say Tom you're gonna love it or
Tom you don't despise it so wish me luck
ok let's shake it up shake it up alright
let's give it a crack and give you smell
it smells good I feel like this is the
one that I didn't like I feel like I've
fallen for this before and the taste
test no no it's good
hmm-hmm I like that one that's oh no oh
oh no no no I spill it everywhere one
second yes I found the green purpose for
this really expensive bottle of
champagne it is now my kitchen roll
holder look at that tell me I'm not a G
tell me I'm not a genius so for every
meal you must prep hands are washed pots
and pans are on sweet gonna put some
sweet ass oil into it and then we're
gonna cut
what do you cook first if you've got
chicken sausage I've never cooked a
chicken sausage before I don't know how
long it took the chicken sausage cooks
to take I just don't want to get ill or
chicken sausage okay so this is me
hoping I know what I'm doing so I'm
gonna start with throwing the egg on
first cuz maybe that's where's my knife
gone God say cut
oh is that all right so I'm gonna put an
egg on you ready it's gonna crack no
everywhere hopefully all hours a
terrible job but no shell in there no
shell that's good right now we need a
workstation area to put it in there now
we need another egg where's max out of
that right so another on your here go
this all has to be about speed and
agility oh shit spitting everywhere this
needs to be about speed and agility
ladies and gentlemen right now it's wash
our hands next step next step on how to
fuck things up 101 I'm going to cut
using a different knife this turkey
sausage in half
all right yeah look at it turkey sausage
nice chicken sausage even higher places
taste down there Oh Oh delicious okay
that one might be a good idea right next
up I don't love you you should not mix
the the chicken sausage with the bacon
but I'm going to and if this is a
straight up path of how to die then
that's a that but look at this bacon
look at that oh my god Oh delicious the
pepper smells insane
I shot a song not only do we want three
slices we want four slices I'm gonna
turn this into life the five years meal
at shit service off all right I will
catch up with us all right all right all
right okay eggs butter looking mighty
fine go get another cooking
they're definitely stuck to the pan
which is great for us my bacon a bacon
smells insane on my turkey bacon I don't
even know what my turkey bacon doing
with this this is looking like the fries
alysha's meal right now I'm glad I
cooked 110 percent off I am not sure
what's going on with a turkey bacon but
it started out looking like this and
it's turned into this it's got it Burton
or whatever but once my Bacon's burning
okay so that's what the bacon look like
before this is what I wanted the bacon
to look like after I play around with
one piece well that's what my orig ish
pork well after the fire alarm went off
I was just like maybe I think it's
cooked so I've decided that this is
pretty much done hopefully and go try
and eat it come on it does look good now
though that that turkey sausage doesn't
look too chicken sausage doesn't look
too bad I'm a bacon that I've somewhat
Sal
okay nothing's parked but this one
doesn't look too bad so we're getting a
better taste all right egg sunny-side up
perfectly look at that look at that
delicious let's give her a taste
Oh forever I mean that's a cracking egg
that that is oh my god mmm
okay egg ten out of ten
all right actually they're the first
suicide eggs I've ever cooked up in my
life and he looks so god damn good right
let's try a non burnt piece of bacon oh
my gosh oh my gosh turn on burnt piece
of it tastes absolutely insane oh my
gosh that's so good mmm oh yeah I'm a
fan of that but oh no my burpees the
bacon run up but now to try the chicken
sausage
the thing that's thrown me off the most
oh my god oh my gosh dyes absolutely
delicious
mm-hmm yeah ranae's it 420 you know why
we can blaze it 420 by the way I do not
smoke it's just the meet the saying in
the expression you know I can blaze it
420 because guess what
clean gamma sides washing machine is on
done I can enjoy a Cupertino and relax
knowing I've eaten my food don't have to
mess about with it again it is done
finito cleaned up I need to solve this
issue as to where one of my fucking
chairs of God my dad and Ricky stayed
here and I had two chairs and I came
back I have one chair where the foot
could have gone I've got a balcony for
goodness sake I don't understand where
it could've gone from there to here I
mean not be able to locate it oh my god
they're back there all the way from
England and they're fucking with me
don't you even bother I will get a
shotgun cuz they're legal in this
country and I bought your friggin
feathers off oh my goodness me that cup
of tea that I just drank may be so damn
productive I got back here organized all
my dates and it goes like this
are you ready feel like you know
yesterday I was like man I've got these
things I really want to go and do by
ever gonna do it and I was actually
talking about going working with Devin
Supertramp going to pack itself now the
way the dates have aligned I can go and
do both fingers crossed
knock on wood it continues to go as
planned so this is how it goes
Wednesday I'm going seeing track about
some secret stuff Boone can tell you
about that Thursday I'm flying to pack
South okay so I'm going to want to pack
south and hopefully on the Friday I want
to try and do a meet-up reason why I
want to try and do on the Friday is
because the Friday night I'm gonna
outdrink it so the Saturday I'm probably
hungover and the sateen I'm gonna drink
it's on the Sunday I'm gonna be on go
over so best night is probably a Friday
like light afternoon so if you guys get
out school college do a meal at the
event or something like that that's what
I want to do that should sound pretty
damn sweet then once on the Sunday I
leave Texas and then going back to LA
now when I'm in LA I'm not just going
right sweet stay at home I'm gonna wait
at the airport for two hours Luke's
gonna come and meet me and then me and
him are flying to San Francisco
Oh a lot of traveling where we're gonna
stay there overnight from me in Monday
morning with some secret people which I
don't think I
so that's that's another secret so about
that book that is something else that
will be happening also I'm gonna show
you this I'm about to start playing on
csgo Lo and look at all these knives
I've just been put in this is this is
high roll this is where you put all the
all your stuff in and try and win let's
see what's gonna happen and this person
got how wished you put in 12 evolutions
he put in $70 you wouldn't find her Nate
you want goddamn good good good job here
anyway yes so once I'm done with the San
Francisco trip we fly back to LA and
then later that week I'm gonna go and
hang out with shonduras and Devin
Supertramp to film a really super cool
video so I am beyond stoked to be able
to fit all this in and do it before I go
back to the UK so great success happy to
organise it just booked in my hotel now
and we are good to go
all I've got to do is not get too drunk
one night and miss one of my flights if
I miss one of my flights game over I
should just do no alcohol this week just
so I can make sure I can survive sounds
like a motherfucking plan oh look at
this look at all these subbies in twitch
saying hello support in the stream James
Taylor just subscribed as well look at
that uh everyone's like hey vlog Hey
look at that those James Taylor over
there being a little legend that is
hopefully we win this I like this oh so
many people in there saying hello I
should have like order to my Australian
candy awesome Australian something to
celebrate Australian day so I kind of
dun goofed by not celebrating that I
feel quite bad but Tom Australia's I
love you and will I win will I win I
lost it's cuz I didn't celebrate
Australia Day
Holi sure who's gonna win just just one
holy shit let's watch his reaction watch
his reaction watch his reaction
watch what what come on he's gonna watch
oh my god oh my god oh my god you can't
hear it but watch his reaction what's he
gonna do yeah you just want a weapon
worth $1500 oh my god Josh G fuckin G
listen gentlemen is the grind I've been
for nearly six damn hours some grime
right there I'm going to show you guys
it got on the six hour four three two
and one
six hours six hours of live streaming
everyone say hello of like blah blah
hello hello hello listen to get logic
but I'm to wrap things up now super
tired I don't want to talk about it in
the morning so that sounds like a good
decision it's now 1:30 6:00 in the
morning and I am watching optic gaming's
if you haven't see this by the way go to
their channel optic gaming on youtube
and check out the series they've got
called vision it's basically like a
reality show of the people living in the
house but obviously in real and it's
just it's really good to catch up to see
what they're all doing but yeah I'm
gonna stay up now watch this and then
I'm gonna go to bed guys so I'm gonna
wrap up today's vlog because I gotta get
some sleep in me
I'm picking up mini lot and
CaptainSparklez to go snowboarding with
them in the morning and I need to make
sure all my cameras are charged so if
you've enjoyed today's vlog guys make
sure you leave a like and subscribe and
I'll see you guys tomorrow leave a
comment saying turkey sausages even
though chicken sausages are delicious
because the chicken sausages were on
point today what can be trying to stay
healthy with a non healthy yogurt a
naked drink the nice mango one then it a
milkshake and some water and an apple
I'm mixing out the healthiness with
unhealthiness but I'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for being awesome thanks
supporting the actual channel in general
and make sure you subscribe and I will
see you 6 p.m. UK time every single day
goodbye
