subscriber subscriber sadness sex
subscribers I am ridiculously tired this
morning good morning Trevor how are you
doing on this fine day
good now you don't how's your face
looking oh well no penis is drawn on
right penis face oh here we go
listen listen listen I've got mad food
today so let's make this happen okay
whoo
come on boys yes I'm ill oh is it time
yes oh swear it'll work Oh helpful I it
can't dodge I didn't I tried to use and
it didn't work I mean yes yes well I
fucking did that an attack sir that's
why I attacked you out of nowhere
let me try to dodge button at a time oh
shit you're coming upside down
Oh Oh dan we look at so professional no
show him the dirty one let's see that
one yeah we went through a series of
events of Durfee that don't be the
giggling and what was the last one we
have no it's only gonna use on website
great me and Trevor are escaping through
the wilderness of the YouTube space or
we have found the exit right that is
bright whoa well they try to contain it
here damn son and true of darkness
I don't stand whiteness money it is a oh
wait we're gonna run wait sorry
high five nope ah Rico Rico watch oh
come on what you gonna chase make it a
chase look at the chase I'm a fast
runner I can call that it would be
really difficult to know if someone was
hiding inside a fucking foot or big one
it best hiding spot ever oh my god what
food have you got yesterday everyone
scattered everywhere man
dude you're making me a plate make it me
these laters
I hate potatoes so that's your plate oh
my god I look petrifying
I have no eyebrows eyebrows no eyebrows
Oh try factor of vlogging that's three
but we've Adelia
trouble you're not logging
oh yeah I use real camera quality
because I care about my fan Wow I don't
ha why is there so many
behind-the-scenes people on the scene
what's going on well if you guys done
what are you broke why you guys all out
here we want to capture any of the games
and wait so we got Flambeau over let's
do it
I am totally supposed to be hosting
right now but instead up we're gonna do
mobile for cat whole cameras dust is
salt Oh
what ideas oh my god this is easy mode
this is easy mode
oh my god why would they trust me oh my
god I'm gonna put them all on video mode
how do I do this video mode video mode
video mode video mode right I'm gonna
show my bollocks this is what you've all
out to the CounterSpy people this is
what happens when you leave your
camera's oh my god it's a four-way vlog
I'm gonna teabag their camera really
ready oh yeah how's that how's that for
a shot take that just leaving your
camera's out you stupid people yeah it's
round two round two and swapped Nick
bill what director versus Idol switch oh
that's a slap that's a slap these
fucking fingers I can't wait
yeah little bit I'm gonna do double
right delusion bitch
Oh cross sons hands me up here huh this
is gonna hurt bad oh let him have it
Nick seriously Oh Mary barely barely oh
how is he getting worked over here wait
how long do I keep going forever gone
fucking a very different you oh oh that
is oh and there you go that's how you
get your shit slips out your hands ba ba
ba ba ba ba booty crotch face try to
booty face did you look like an action
figures Shiva it don't you like me as a
brand I'm taking over syndicate central
suck my dick
oh yeah the Audi TT is back but we're
still at YouTube at like 20 plus 7 who
is supposed to be finished by like half
5 today but we have to film a bunch more
stuff and I've still got to do my lines
not that I delayed them or anything it's
just we do my lines at the end of the
day for speed and efficiency so I'm
gonna try and get the lines doing within
20 minutes and then go eat some choose
cook
I don't even like cheesecake to do it
yeah well this is embarrassing
after what three days of filming boys
three days of filming you finally turn
around to me and say I need a box I'm
gonna fucking laugh fuck your box day
three sound guy how we doing potentially
see you know the lights on no stick so
well with shirt yeah it's a
paraprofessional he's too bitter but he
does how is that did we do that fast
well we did it they took the cart out
before I could uh oh you can check the
times yeah well those was good though it
seemed a good thing you know
everyone quickly could all that shit no
no as almost well we're leaving now and
apparently we're missing out on a
fucking awesome pie over there we got
beers got drinks you got fires and shit
like that I'm gonna steal this car and
then look at that they've got projected
onto the road yeah I mean he'll there's
a big-ass projector somewhere that's
beaming on YouTube to the side of the
hill that is fucking cool I'm gonna say
this right now I'm not a fan of G wagons
even though Nate got one I'm just
I like the Jeep Wrangler too much cheers
Cheers
help hoppiness somebody out guess it
kids punch my bitches what's up Oh Greg
chase pleasure drinks huh what the fuck
sorry okay let the real begin this is
the many voices of gassy mexican so he
wanted to hear Morgan Freeman so I'm
here the first time I laid eyes on him
different have very soft milky skin I
knew immediately I was a track okay
touch his eye bug what are you doing
where the Cheesecake Factory gonna get
some food for baby
what oh this is not fair I wish I could
do this
happy birthday to
yeah do we roll up to a Cheesecake
Factory right now I'm Rena Dell right
I'm not taking care of us reorganizing
all the tables so we can fit all of us
in hi homies I deserve it Hey oh you as
well oh so the entire restaurant is even
gonna think one-word voice actors are
too we're just drunk and fucking giddy
up our tits
I just got so hot Nick get this bub come
here you know Facebook how's your how's
your hounds feeling I'm good I'm still
just a big package I thought they were
good till I thought they're gonna bail
on us I thought I was gonna see you guys
in the morning and call you out now we
can all get drunk and not feel bad in
the morning for doing a bad job whoo Dan
what do you say about that what you want
us to take other end of the tables do my
guys what about tequila everybody what
if you were to take a shot what would
you take no guys everybody take a shot
for children Jamison Jamison roan
Jameson you guys are like
Oh No let me see them all let me see
them that is not what I want to be found
right now I'm generously I know they are
not small shots knowledge trevor
ordered 14 shots of James don't want to
do this oh wait you don't Cassie you're
not helping oh shit season one
yes we ready all right boys and girls
let's get it down here great so one look
Jameson shot right yeah you dance
message me on my back I hate that old
Mike right now I just wanna thank you
all making so they're like fine looking
at our mobile app cheeseball oh my god
and you didn't even have to say anything
you start if you did style the show tell
it to me twice now
oh yes that is what I want right now all
this make me show official for them and
in order pull out the people who are
basically no gap to pay the last card
standing has to pay rip by ready driving
last year you have to pay Yeah right
so the DOS personnel office me let's go
baby baby shuffling reshuffling please
the next person who doesn't have to pay
is yes the duty will be Tom all right
thanks person who doesn't have to pay is
gonna be Oh No
wait he's like I'm gonna be alright
thanks passive-aggressive f of a is oh
oh that's me yeah one of alright let's
talk right this is Aaron huzzah you want
to accomplish this is my college money
going down he's ready right now
MC Sports Hulk it's me I got booted hey
God knows your name is Doug alright no
let me
hey good luck good luck this is going
the way I'm gonna do this
the director is going to take left hand
or right hand and I'm gonna tell you
when I pull this out as a director when
I pull this out this is the person who's
gonna pay the character I show is gonna
be the cat that's gonna pay okay left
hand alright hon oh yeah
oh yeah I'm glad scaring the rest of
their own oh okay so what
all right hand is the person who has to
pay for all this food who's it between
right it's between I suppose yes Mexican
killstreak oh no sweetie no ten left it
has to pay love dad yes that you feel
happy for what this is this is mine no
you chose that one to be free right
there's no car dude
yeah no thanks I'm saying I'm agreeing
with you you have to pay yeah thank you
seven times we should do this is sound
guy hello today like six seven this is
you what hold you in 21 24 and 25 holy
shit Gary what were you filming here uh
we're we're news yes it is even here in
New Zealand yeah that's amazing
legends of gaming season 2 crew are you
alright is it totally casual for me to
say I saw your testicles tonight oh
she's you sure yeah we wanted to talk
and he showed us his mystical oh my gosh
look who I just found we're also aiming
to raise the angle become a so far up on
vision he's good
well he's just streaming yeah right I'm
glad look currently on listening I'm
gonna put Diesel's twitch in the
description run follow that shit but why
we game pick something going follow your
stream no because songs are yours no
they form I should walk you stream more
than me therefore they should stop
follow me and go for this good game have
fun oh my gosh oh it's just a bug off
it's just paper
it's just paper hello good sir how are
you doing tonight
are you enforcing parking by any chance
how long does it take for your mustache
to grow on a five to ten day basis
on a scale of 7 to 5 is your mustache a
banana oh I do dude we know you're
giving out tickets officer Ferguson what
are you doing at this time of night in
this neighborhood we can't hear you your
window seems to be a nice neighborhood
oh is this person parked illegally
can I please for the love of everything
being British put the ticket on that bit
speak please officer Ferguson please
give me that ticket I swear to the love
might like to see the Queen I'll put
that ticket on her windscreen okay I'll
just give us officer Ferguson will film
you establishing it for the Queen
herself go off and set the focus o'clock
go on officer you got this this is your
moment is not our car this is your
moment to shine guys drive off is give
it he's left it camera open I'm joking
Oh how much is that ticket how much does
that take
drive away immediately oh shit officer
Ferguson who have you called in wait no
go let go
officer focus and you seem like a cool
guy are you just giving parking tickets
for the night
yeah is that them guys chasing a murder
do it officer
officer Ferguson you might want to watch
out for someone tailgating you is that a
ticket get in the car and drive away
Ferguson is coming this is what's
happening you might not be able to see
shit right now but me and my brother and
now a unicorn
shit shit zombie tits ah oh is that
cigarette in the air oh no is it man but
every meal oh brother in zombie unicorn
and you're like I don't like I don't
like that nickname
Darko's can't see shit I can see here
that tea mine are you here tomorrow
night yes absolutely we're gonna drink
in 100% moustache she's not gonna be
here tomorrow being fucking Austin a
mustache competition yes that's what we
need mate you are it's we're not
drinking
no problem zombie eunuch on your aunts
more drinking yes Nick you out some more
drinking ah no I I want to cut it off
immediately right now this is my show we
don't do cuts no we're gonna realize too
late okay fuck you so much
are you cool now drink it as well stop
it tomorrow rankings morrow
Oh hundred percent fuck yeah
