oh my goodness would you look at that
sunset ladies and gentlemen before
today's vlog begins I have to daily
remind you that on the 20th of February
the brand new syndicate original shirt
it's coming out I'm turning up at the
YouTube space right now to film legends
of gaming which you're about to see in
today's vlog but the new show comes out
it's limited edition it is on sale for
one time away and when it's sold it's
gone forever so if you want to limit
this ensure then the time to get it 20th
of November be there or be square
I'll be a circle you can be whatever you
want to be oh snap oh I look crazy why
but me and Hillary hello hello you can
see you again back in America's now
where the temperature is oh my gosh
toast is it some of that nope Ravens
bring it I don't even I don't even know
what it is but it's a gorgeous day or at
the YouTube space time stop filming the
show well got my official t-shirt I
wasn't much either
yeah you too it's gonna be hopefully a
shit show for me rules the shells girls
absolutely love it look at this fucking
massive sexual beast with his boxer
shorts hanging out of his pants ohh oh
my gosh yes oh no you dropped your bags
out oh yeah the behind-the-scenes of the
shoe it looks so goddamn professional
legends of gaming season 2 holy screens
well
she's tasty miss May this guy thinks
he's Casey nice that look at this rig
it's like a KC nice that one about you
or you told me before honey you got all
these as well hello hello team hello
Brian what are you doing Brian
you got dusty shit look at all them
words you're vlogging in it now shut in
and this guy's got the most amazing
camera in the world I'm gonna stay
filming with my iPhone he looks so
adorable
I love seen on this castle on legends of
gaming set
so this legends of gaming is sponsored
by Pizza Hut and I just really really
really want some pizza this is our onion
okay thank you see elves OH oh yeah you
again wait wait for it there's Pizza
ready oh my fucking god you steal a
slice
I think we're getting trouble if we do
I'm sorry this is my favorite person
right yeah you make you make food look
amazing for TV right that's like the
best way to say it yes and right now
she's gonna make that wait how much are
these cops worth again yeah these cops
are with like $100 in the piece of boxes
are like $500 oh how much of these ones
were all really okay reven that all
right that's a cut budget this time
we're not having the $500 box is revving
$100 boxes penny we're kicking back a
little bit what are you doing this guy
this guy's everywhere with his camera
but we're about to eat some pizza and
catch up in hawk obviously can't tell
you guys what happened otherwise it'll
be a spoiler and I'm pretty sure the
Machine just crashed into something so
we'll see how that goes so what's up
everybody on oh shit fuck that one oh oh
what's up everybody on Tom's channel
around the set of legends of gaming
season 2 and he did something to me last
year where he took my phone and took a
thousand pictures and we'll just go over
whoa hey so I'll leave my phone down it
is you did this last year as well you
did it to me and what what you think I
did you put it down your pants now fine
you got like a bunch of lovely new
photos on you no I edit my vlog of life
I enjoy guys enjoyed the vlog love you
there you go tom going go and check out
his channel I'm gonna place a link down
below and tell him yeah I'm subscribed
to him and leave a comment saying go
fuck yourself
don't do that don't do it so this is
gasses camera look at the field of view
on it right like that is rude
dick Ulis I'm alright I might have to
buy one of these just to use it for a
day to see if I can replace it with my
iPhone I like the ability just to slip
it in your pocket
Oh what are you doing here dot happen to
be working on the chance are you know
just do my emails Charlie right there
feels good
hmm you got five seconds to say anything
you want to the world hi crayons wow I
look so why they're young and we are
still filming with technical
difficulties right now trying to get the
completed and sorted out of than that
there's my crotch there's some people
behind the scenes who's that that's
Hillary and that's me taking as much
medicine as possible because I'm so one
damn tired that has nothing to do with
it but my food is kicking back in
against my medicines we're enough so I'm
just like unbelievably tight so gonna
drink as much water as I can again okay
whoa what is going on over here you guys
have got your own little photo booth
oh you guys look Oh Oh fabulous abs work
it work it work it work it work it work
it working this is not okay Cappy
squared fuck you okay so we have wrapped
up the day one of filming gameplay I now
need to go over my lines to make any
adjustments of changes for the gameplay
that we're doing so this probably took
me another like half an hour or
something like that but wants to get
through that we're done for the day day
one is wrapped it is currently half past
6:00 at night it's been a fast a stay
but I'm stupidly tight and cannot wait
to go to sleep tonight plus I'm going
watching Deadpool with teammates oh fuck
yeah light guy what are you doing to me
me you are blinding me
like you mean like yeah like getting
more evil every time to eat more evil
when you turn it up in brightness fuck
you sound guy fuck you
7:46 finally finish wrapping for day 1
we get o sound guys getting all up in
boo
it slow sound guy all of it is good well
Jack day 1 absolutely wrapped the set
looks absolutely incredible man this is
fucking cool shit a new either book look
at
480 inch screens holy shit
apparently if you get 100 million
subscribers you get a free helicopter
from YouTube which which is that's not a
bad deal not a bad deal at all but good
night YouTube space la day one has been
great I am now going to the movies
that's just fucking unnecessary going to
the movies and watching Deadpool oh my
god so excited so stoked gonna stay up
watch this bill to lay and then go to
bed have the perfect night's sleep get
to the set and film everything we need
to film so let's go o
vlog if I said to you right now my mum
gave out to me last night in the
comments what does that mean
particularly if you're from Island right
doesn't mean what you think it means
alright let's just see if you guys we
just want to see what you guys come up
with in the comment section what do you
think to give out to someone means
especially your mother I'm so tired
right now guys I'm like literally jet
like super acting blinking is
slow-motion with me and by the way I
found out this guy lives in LA and she
sports hot what's that also known as
Matt hey Matt Matt that's me lives in LA
and I'm just gonna cars out right here
right now Swift plays you suck at
zombies like spy you suck a zombies I'm
with the one and only Pro so guess what
okay fuck yourselves
Wow at whoa I'm red I am so stoked to
see this are you excited yes dude I
pretend I know I cannot wait to give it
a ten out of ten
Eric you're tied
let's fucking go this I'll see you guys
and like see you guys in two hours where
I'm totally gonna be excited off my dick
well hot damn finally after days in debt
probably like week of it being out I
finally saw Deadpool with the homies
great film gets up to a pretty slow
start key that that was pretty slow
start so I'm so we both fell asleep yeah
for like microstock you fell asleep for
good amount of time late Brian you're
like the only one who didn't fall asleep
all of us yeah we were all like super
tight gassy fell asleep have you seen it
before
what Deadpool would you give it out of
10 I mean they nailed it as far as a
fucking dead eight or nine hey none I'm
gonna give it a nine just because the
intro was pretty slow and then a lot of
it got spoiled because of trails and
stuff but other than that I give it 9
really solid film I'm just extremely
tired and want to go home and cry myself
to sleep sounds like a plan
Ryan penis and tear Trevor you've now
got the penis and he didn't wash his
hands at the bathroom oh I am totally
sorry I forgot to wrap up yesterday's
vlog I got home after the cinemas and
just passed straight out I was so so
damn tired and right now I'm at the
YouTube space against on film legends of
gaming so this is kind of like sneaking
into tomorrow's vlog because it is
tomorrow and tomorrow's vlog is probably
not being late again because I'm valuing
sleep over everything right now sleep is
so much more important than anything
because all I keep getting is like 10
hours sleep but no like 1 hour sleep a
day I'm gonna do a drive-by at this film
ok fuck yourself gay fuck yourself but
either way we've made it to the YouTube
space I'm gonna get down here where I'm
not allowed to film because it's all
secret secret stuff and look at all the
equipment look at it so fucking
either way we've made it on set we're
good we're going to get recorded and I
will be big with you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. UK time again let's come behind the
scenes
Oh everyone's not here already but what
the fuck well I thought I was late today
but the only person in here is this guy
you literally look like the one kid who
came to like a school assembly earlier
maybe what what yeah we're pretty
I was pretty late I'm late to everything
I'm late to absolutely everything and
we've made it on time so that's good I'm
gonna get this vlog uploaded because
YouTube's got like a thousand or
thousand down but don't forget if you
want to get the limited edition
syndicate original royal shirt that's
what's got link its royal sure if you
want to get it links gonna be down in
description for syndicate original it's
not out yet it's out on the 20th the
20th of February get it whilst it's
hearts only on sale for one day in one
day only and if you go into a 57 I want
to see you there whilst you're wearing
it so we're so up to your faces I'll see
you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. UK time or 10
a.m. Pacific Standard Time is this PST
PST and make sure you leave a like
rating and a comment saying youtube more
like foodtube what
