I hate trains listen today's vlog is
going to be late but I've got this
little quick update to let you guys know
if you have been a person who collects
indicate original t-shirts or anything
like that it's a brand new limited
edition shirt coming out that is going
to be sold for one day and one day only
so if you want to try and get it it's
the new royal design it's going on sale
on the 20th all right it's gonna be
black and gold that's gonna be sickest
chips you can go on my twitch eck it out
and you get an official like kind of
like the certificate thing to say it is
a limited edition so if you want to get
it 24 February McKee reminding you guys
but let's get today's one now don't die
dad it's the morning after than that
before
um India was late for work my mum woke
up screaming as if she was dying like
help me more than that everyone's alive
everyone survived and it was a genuinely
genuinely good night once that comes
clean up the kitchen and Cameron what
you look like in abomination oh
absolutely before my name is she's 92
so I'm uh going buying some Twinings tea
cuz she says it's posh tea so I'm gonna
quickly get my card room round to the
the shop get some Twinings tea and bring
it back and the reason I'm going now is
cuz if I don't remember is because music
turn your shit down if I don't go now
I'm gonna forget I said to a Christmas
that was gonna go buy her a Christmas
card in a present and like a dick I
forgot I feel really bad so I'm gonna go
make sure I get her a present now just
some tea nothing crazy and a Valentine
or shit in there questions more well I'm
a Valentine's Day card my Valentine's
Day card interruption 101 I'm gonna go
and get the tix if I forget then I'll
just forget it I'll never do it cuz I've
said to her Christmas I go get a
Christmas card and I totally forgot to
get her a Christmas card how bad is that
so what I'm gonna do is go run and go
and get us some tea and I'm gonna get
her a Valentine's Day cake because she
doesn't have a Valentine's Day card in
about 20 years she said so I'm gonna go
get her Valentine's Day card I'm not
gonna film a reaction I'm kidding I'm
just going to hide my cup I'm not
falling away and did you spend time with
so yeah let's go and make her it's gonna
make someone smile for today ah right
gotta watch Boyd Twinings tea the posh
tea she said that she's never tried a
rose and Avon's time valchek Valentine's
Day card saying will you be my Valentine
PS enjoy the tea inside it so hopeful
puts a smile on her face did I do good I
got your rose a Valentine's Day card
and some tea do I get eight do I get
kiss you can do what more could they
wanna stop it oh you better like this
card he wants a cute card
Oh
what does it say hopefully you can read
my writing enjoy the tea you kiss luck
there you go oh come on again hey you
are so why do you want it ha don't worry
I'd make you a cup of tea but apparently
this is the good stuff you've got to
make this professionally oh my neighbor
is just so awesome but anyway how
sticking to neighbor child out there for
my sister my mom need a boy cuz we're
dying and I need a book as well
basically bacon egg boy so gotta go to
shop and buy them one now I'm so tired
let's go okay I managed to get all the
boys but one thing that has confused me
the boys are in the car but that's my
friend's car
there's my friend's BMW your bigs no big
sound big lad I don't don't know where
he is though I don't have any idea where
he could have gone may a fucking found
him I'm sure recognises fucking count
everyone's like where is he atomic homes
and barbers is it yeah my always is
fucking slow mate this day gets even
better look you I just found Tom McAllen
mate fucking college days college days
back in the day we still don't know
where Jordan his stop asking me oh my
god it's the next day and I've come out
to assess this situation oh this woman
who fell look at the distance just for
reference she fell out of that mist the
metal missed the slab landed in the
grass and somehow rolled down there but
she fell in that heard that her fucking
neck was got stuck in the grass oh my
god I cannot even believe she fell off
this I don't even know how that's
possible
how did she fall off and not slam into
this
Jesus Christ I thought I paid hard it's
so imprinted into the girl like how how
did she fall like honestly God doughnuts
down how you could fall from there like
she must have whale bit and just landed
just look at the fucking state of that
oh my god at least it's a nice day mom
it gets better
mom look what I just found embedded in
the grass ha ha ha look at it was
fucking squashed in the grass yeah
her necklace where she fell in oh my god
I'm fucking necklace fucking necklace
was digged into the ground she hit that
heart ah
it is now quarter to five meet Alex have
just been laying bad for the past five
hours have we not yeah
I'm still tired the boys still wanna
come round tonight and I want to go see
Deadpool instead so yeah I don't really
wanna drink tonight so yeah wait I don't
mom love you bye bye see like Darwin and
there was one highs boy catch Allah see
you tomorrow for one birthday
bye man I am so damn hungry the perfect
food right now is fast food and I was
like oh my girls but then I realized is
a KFC yes man the Valentine's Day thing
that I did today just feels like it was
yesterday because I slept yeah I I feel
like I've skipped a day even though I
haven't so yeah that's stressful however
today's vlog was light therefore that
means I've got to give away another
t-shirt so I'm gonna talk about that a
minute kc-10 I'm gonna pick a random
person in the comments I want you to
write the most random sentence you can
ever think of the most random sentence
ever and on the end of it I want you to
put your Twitter okay so go ahead and do
that I'm also just gonna say I'm giving
away a t-shirt but I'm saying this right
now see this this is a brand new
syndicate original hoodie it's so
confident so nice I got up this brand
new t-shirt I got underneath it I feel
like I'm just like a walking brand new
wardrobe
it's brilliant so yeah surprise me Hey
look who I found
we got the cars parked up now we got me
and Sam we got Annie got some time and
Rhyno Oh
kids hello kids I need that KFC inside
me immediately so I don't drink coffee
and Tom decided it was a good idea to
what if you made you made a miniature
expresso just a little bit of coffee
water but he wants me to try it anyway
hmm listen I can just say one thing I'm
so happy look who's here
oh and this guy congratu okay today that
is me about say one freshman at you
there up in a baby what the fuck is
going over there with my sister's
engaged these guys are engaged these
boys got a kid coming along as well
right this is a drinking game but I'm
not drinking I just want to quiet let's
pretend there's a million dollars online
I got you higher although I have Batman
but you right so I'll start with that
car
yeah back to the star drink why isn't it
oh fuck this game well that game was
absolutely fucking sick lost the power
I've got down my drink
so I'm saying fuck your rules not doing
it some telling me fat right now back
Patrol never be no and you're not
drinking it it's the death drink of
drinks no don't open it no no keep it
closed this is exactly what I need right
now yes chicken flavor soup noodles oh
my gosh may two hours later
may I know aa book come on Ida mate look
at this afro oh wait no kicking one out
- they're right this is why where's the
COS already told me that I'm managing to
cook super noodles fucking wrong
takeover me go for it
Ron come here and tell me how to cookie
my own house know what smell the god
stork sake no felo blaming it
brought down the patron wait where's as
a shepherd they'd not life yeah they've
done about five minutes in a fox a
writer they too soggy now the cook you
can see this is amazing a bird of bad
ideas and this is a fucking terrible
idea
still playing this game but we've moved
to the table we've got shots of j√§ger
that's burn-off I'm someone else
I am NOT okay with this whatsoever
countdown you now now fuck you save God
don't you dare try going to me in my own
house oh she almost got a knife all the
crops going on busy up you bill get
backed up into a corner calm down
anyway as I was saying the words that
were about to about my houses thank god
I've got good friends who clean up after
the rest and you did that dick look at
that man you are a tasty man right no
what's next under the table third of a
lie I'm so good
sorry gay explain what your name awesome
plugin it listen good friends
it's not gang when you see you love no
one's is well this is a recipe for
disaster when we've got sneak out Chris
Chris we've got sneak out got crawl wait
use over there
these windows are open oh what a dick
oh what a dick Oh rip oh shit
well there's good news in this bad news
luckily my bae didn't get any on until
he turns on his windscreen wipers he
goes by cereal in the morning huh oh
shit oh shit oh she fell about my
fucking truck did she open the door into
her Shh be quiet fucking yeah so she
doesn't look like she's good she's got
to restock to shut up got me quite
cousin nails Oh get off the triggers
one coffee two sugars yes
I never fellow banana 50 quick
hey action Oh happens with bananas
bananas can't swim doing some do it some
do it no balls no balls Sam great you
might have his phone on him his phone
it's Foley's fucking oh my god I think
he's guy's phone in his pocket
Sam where's your phone Sam where's your
phone where's look you said I was like
that looks like a leg it just fucking oh
yeah baby
the floor is absolutely so can i no
one's in it and I listen I got it and I
five banana my jacking shelf
buddy by five fuck it oh my little toe
Stevie shit oh oh no oh no Tom what the
fuck happened to my kitchen I'm 90% sure
Rhino is cleanly entire house Becky
Becky did this my house looks like new
what fucking did you clean the kitchen
oh my god the house looks like brand-new
thank you and what the fuck is EVP sir
what the hell is going on please
where is he like what we returned us
what's going on a camping trip I don't
know what be surviving Tom what the fuck
you actually doing mate
what is this young man any videos of you
mommy
Tom we haven't been filming we just been
taking pictures where are you going what
are you doing well he is officially
booked this is what happens towards the
end of the night it's now at what it's
nearly four o'clock come on Becky
you fell off my dry the only thing I
thought was gonna fall off that drive
was a fucking car with someone dickhead
driving at the edge I walked I walked
past and answered and I just heard the
noise of rustling bushes and was like I
know exactly what that is
she fucking panicked on his side it's a
six foot drop oh sure that one's crazy
me did you go into McDonald's just where
are you Marcus's
fuckers any other boys get it get it
ready fucking legend get food in there
now it's gonna die all this McDonald's
right now and Tom McCallum aside from
fucking Warburton's woke five and I fall
asleep I'm going punking some elephants
in the butthole tomorrow so we'll see
this guy about mom this is gonna be the
last video clip of the night just to
show you how awesome Tom Mokelumne dying
Tommy you surviving get the makeup you
survive inches Tom protect you in a
pokeball guys thanks for watching may
see a little like writing shenanigans
have been real by bad
