oh yeah now part of it being 7:00 a.m.
in the morning me only getting three
hours sleep
she literally go back and watch
yesterday's vlog I was like it's four
o'clock in the morning good night
so he's now at 7 a.m. in the 7 a.m. in
the morning I am stupidly stupidly tired
but actually got it but this little
centerpiece these little center consoles
come and so is this one as well and if
you hundred Tom what's so special about
the center console why so why so stoked
about it well check it out
drinks holders an USB charge suckers
inside ah
so now the sofa just goes wrap around
wrap around wrap around room so it's
absolutely on point for watching TV on
point for holding your drinks so I don't
need that little table all the time next
to me and it's absolutely on point for
charging mum about telephone devices all
I know now is that I'm going to bed as
soon as this white turns itself the tits
off oh I turn it off I went back to bed
for three and a half hours that way that
woke on the conflict so it was just the
in wait I can just chill out
get some sleep in me and then drive an
hour I have to go and see razor good
night Oh
good mornig night we're up we're awake
and it's time for a road trip so we're
going down to see razor and we're
swapping out the blade for the new blade
yeah this is a mutual agreement of
switching blades not stealing at this
time and today's drinking agenda is
going to be blue machine boosted it's in
this what's in this 27 blue bridge
through BlackBerry's three and a half
apples one banana okay okay now for the
record in the comments of my last video
yesterday everyone say like Charlie's
naked rooks I hope you they've got so
much sugar in there so bad for you like
I'm sorry it has no added sugar and
literally just fruit that's all it is it
doesn't have anything added to it at all
so when people are saying that this is
bad for me can someone really tell me if
it is or not because either you guys are
drunk around room
 I'm always wrong it's a one and a
half hour drive to raise us so I've got
drive all this way to mutually swap a
blade I could just wait til III just
steal one off them so anyway we've got
an hour-and-a-half journey now so let's
roll this natural energy or what's
called I mean naked energy drink is
sponsored by LA traffic seem as though
it's two o'clock in the afternoon
and I'm going at ten miles per hour on
the motorway so let's try this one
blue mushy let's try this blue machine
and blue TT bumper die I try these every
day to give you my natural reaction so
let's give it a go smell test smells
actually quite nice taste test well
water brush my teeth so that it's a
weird time more than enough oh my gosh
as they're nice I like that a lot that
gets a that gets an 8 out of 10
that's a tasty drink once again
brought to you by your sponsor LA
traffic panini oh I have made it to my
destination
go yourself razor go yourself
I you not I'm gonna try and steal
this off razor like seriously cuz I'm
gonna buy a Jeep Wrangler for LA and
what better than to get the razor one
that'd be amazing what do you do I'm
returning a laptop for the first time
ever two razor that's shenanigans
goodbye sock boy I'll cycle or whatever
it's called I'm leaving my leave my
blade behind would you look at that I
got a new one already thanks Joe thanks
Josh min thank you for giving me a
laptop and not making me steal one oh my
god I've been blade haven't I stole
oh my god there's so much racist holy
crap
just think of how much I could steal
here there's there's no booze and
Cromer's and everything for days oh oh
oh this is so sensual I've got to behave
because they give me a new laptop so I
can't steal any of this but if I ask
nicely maybe I can steal one of these
for you guys Josh can I steal one of
these to give away yeah I'm gonna put a
tweet out on my Twitter so if you want
to win this what you're gonna do is
you'll be following me on Twitter
retweet it and you've got to follow in
min you guys know the CEO of raise if
you want to win a raisin a boo then you
can like Skippy down description to the
tweet check it out and you can win it
well I guess today was a very successful
trip for me to get down here got the
razor is this the eSports jacket I got
teamraiser jacket I got down with
Leviathan mini awesome I got a wildcat
awesome
and I got a goddamn black Shaq awesome
and then you know I did I did also get a
laptop a brand new laptop so I guess
thanks guys thanks guys
look it's BG brand new laptop of any
laptop I'm gonna 420 blaze it graze it
this is exactly what I need Travis Bank
thank you thanks for the thanks for the
3 stuff and Frank's thanks for the
comfort when I say Travis always always
looks after me like that vlog when I
woke up in Vegas and you were there with
like McDonald's and water I was like do
you recognize this man in the middle
right here this makes me so happy look
you look here we've just found be really
listen man this is so nice this just a
showroom I'm actually in gadget heaven
just put my stuff in the car I just
looked over here like that's a big cloud
what the hell is that
is it the circus I am going to find out
if it's the circus I definitely want to
see it alright we made it to brew
makkhi what we have in beers and burgers
Spears and burgers and I'm getting a
lesson on the history of America and how
the British got over basically so
we'll see how that goes
look at this beer for the longest beer
name that powers Point Brewing Company
victory at sea chocolate at chocolate
and peanut butter
I am what the aka known as in a
benign and then to make things even a
little bit tastier again in a bloody ham
and cheese platter bloody hell that's
what I need I want to what is this duck
prosciutto oh yes was it is up for sure
off a shelf side of the world know what
I'm saying this sounds amazing
well boys cheers thank you for the new
blade I appreciate it happiness enjoy
your terrible day okay so you know I
like to try new things you know that I
like the new things but I'm trying gave
a sour is this an IPA oh that's just
what it costs
so tastes like for bet gone off wine
yeah is it yeah Oh nasty food okay I'm
gonna eat every single one of these
actually this is pretty damn good
well we absolutely wrecked that cheese
plate good game boys again there's bumps
the best bumps in it and now I've got
this oh and by the way Travis always
sees me eating stuff but I don't like
those round things on this plate well
there's the first time I've ever there
everything we sat down to a bit much
like everything you've even took off
now I'm gonna lie about hearing music
all I gotta do is eat this and it'd be
perfect and I've enjoyed an
entertainment this is one of my all-time
favorite songs if anyone in the comments
down below can tell me what this is what
film this is from you win at life then
you are automatically my friend
well would you look at that we're in
Irvine in there's blizzard it's a bit of
a like foster son I have to agree it's
better than your sign razor that's fine
because they don't do your face
okay no would have alive this is CES
2015 look how heavy this is
I'm gonna impaired to this one yeah
that was easy
HR so quiet all through the house what
you still hit this PC you're just
playing Frankenstein how to be a race
member of stuff 101
wow that chroma looks so good on the
camera you wear a fedora and walk around
machine guns
we've been playing smash and it's always
down basically to Josh in Travis who's
gonna win
Oh Josh she's ready but anyway I came
out of a game of six I came second three
times so I'm pretty happy with our
results Luke I am your father I'm such a
kid now as good as lightsabers are I
don't think I stand a chance against
Josh's big sword no see I don't just go
to razor I go to Anna don't take
everything I've got a knob leave it now
I'm gonna use this for my live streaming
gear but when I press will change the
scene thanks Josh once again
alright well going
all right well successful trip down to
raise it definitely glad I did it I woke
up like stupidly late and didn't think I
was gonna be able to get down in time
without traffic but we did it and we
made it and their new office is a
 and just like that we're leaving
Razer HQ it's been a good day but it's
time for the hour-and-a-half drive home
well hot damn today we are not getting a
haircut if you cannot tell that by now
unfortunately because I went down to
raises so late I missed out on the
opportunity I'm get it done bought man I
got back in like 30 minutes it took me
an hour and a half to drive then I got
back in 30 minutes not friggin bad I
managed to steal myself some swag and
some spiky you guys oh yeah man it is so
nice to come out of a clean apartment
just interesting no that's actually
clean clothes but damn look at this is
also clean also tidy then new sofa a
dog's fool this is what I'm talking
about the apartment is on fleek yeah did
you say that on fleek right now oh boys
are we gonna win are we gonna win enough
can we win enough let's wouldn't that
please win enough oh I just won three
dogs so because of everyone running it
raving me about these naked juices I've
read up about it apparently these ones
are the ones you're not supposed to get
because they're not good for you but
these ones ah now look away these on
this list so far that I'm looking like
are the orange juices and the ones that
I like so basically the ones that I'm
drinking are the good ones whereas these
ones are not it still doesn't answer my
question as to whether or not they're
actually good for you or not or like
it's not in the case of oh I'm just
gonna eat so drink them to be healthy
already today it's just I'm trying to
replace the coca-cola route of my life
or whatever fent essentially narrowed it
down to caffeine I'm trying to replace
the caffeine in my life it's something
else
you know like energy wise and that
energy is from natural energy like
fruits and stuff so these naked juices
seem to be still the right answer
however they're very expensive like you
could get 24 cans of coke for $5 at
Walmart whereas if you buy one of these
bottles they're like $4 themselves
that's why I only have one a day so
expensive bought at least I'm not
following my body with caffeine and I'm
having healthy stuff instead just trying
to work out what I should actually be
either changing it from this Naked Juice
to something else I'll just sticking
with
I don't know if you guys got suggestions
please leave it down below but on that
note guys I am extremely tired it is
12:30 9 in the morning yes that is right
it isn't the morning so I'm gonna go to
bed get up at 9 o'clock maybe try and
get my hair cooked I really want to get
it cooked before I go snowboarding I was
supposed to do it today and just didn't
so we didn't going snowboarding tomorrow
I've got my GoPro got my mile it's gonna
charge you up for make sure ready to go
and hopefully it's a wicked day so if
you guys are excited for it make sure
you leave a like rating subscribe I'll
see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for my
next video which tomorrow's video will
be my snowboarding video so stay tuned
for that and if I want to tell your
friends about the videos then tell them
to tune in daily yeah actually make
sense as well good boy
don't forget if you want to win that
razor now be the link in the description
that top link if you click it then
you'll be able to enter to win the
competition so it's not really a
competition it's just a giveaway so good
luck to your faces I hope you manage to
get your hands on it and hopefully I'll
get more stuff razor in the future to be
able to keep up to you guys thanks for
watching and good night
