Sheldon changed ready to start the day -
looks good so I'm 99% sure that this is
a famous actress and I'm pretty sure it
was that just from which wizard Nalia no
the Narnia films the Queen I'm going to
show you right now now could totally be
wrong but I'm pretty sure is that right
is it is it is it I don't know I'm
trying to fuck I'm trying to work out I
just can't tell all right I'm doing my
shopping got everything sorted that I
need to do I had to pick up India some
glasses that she wanted so I'm just
picking them up now I'm not buying them
as a romantic gift your weirdo someone
think she was still dating whenever she
wiped some glasses so I just picked it
up here so she can save itself somebody
on tax and now I'm heading to the
airport gate to fly to Manchester now
come on back going to the gate let's
roll
I like your bald spot so this is my
flight over here hello just like oh she
just stared at the camera no wait the
Sun fly over here doesn't Lord tool
twice won and these guys are already
queueing like what the fuck
looking for the good stuff you know what
I mean oh my god there it is it's like
crack okay hey there we are boys there's
a new plane to get to Manchester I still
don't got these bald spots in the back
of it either way look at this we are a1
got a first see in the friggin point
nice Oh turns out that's not like
playing mines down here longest catwalk
to get to the plane ever I am actually
starting to feel the tiredness right now
it's one o'clock by the time I get some
Manchester and get to my house probably
about three Fizz no traffic then I've
got four hours to wait until I have to
catch the train back down to London it
makes no fucking sense but
I've got to go back a drop of some shit
and get my bags packed for London for
two days so yeah hopefully
oh yeah he's been messaging me we could
get together and hang out with him a go
for driving is our right and vlog route
whilst I'm down in London but we'll just
have to wait wait why do you think I was
a football Oh cuz of my house
now may I you know I did you I know I do
for a living I play video games
oh man I'm home and it doesn't feel good
to be home the place is clean my dad's
put my YouTube play buttons on the wall
I got my 1 million subscribers for
syndicate central we're getting close to
2 million got my 1 million subscribers
for my main channel I got my Guinness
World Record up I got my paint you know
this other stuff my dad's doing washed
up in a way God does it feel good to be
home oh my gosh yeah hey come here okay
yeah good to see you dude are you doing
jacket rip yea dude you shall say it
just cuz that's going for Queen home is
she is I've missed her so much the bay
there she is
it's still the Audi TT but like it's
just my BAE I absolutely love it
all the Audi TTS in America they don't
really drive the new version of it which
is this one vole got the old one so God
come Evie I've missed you I missed you
watch me set off the alarm alright
alright not only these crows attacked my
wife and my windows look just but for
people who don't know about the cause
like see this see how it's clean clean
clean clean and then this looks like
it's been ripped these are the crows
attacking it right and now not only this
time pissing about with that but now
pissing about my hot chunk of look at
this
they've never fucking on it all did they
do it once village wise fuck off the bay
is way too dirty from the outside and
inside it's not too bad but she's way
too dirty so I'm taking it to get wash
and then I'm gonna post a photo for the
first time of the entire Kai always blow
out the grill because a license plate I
finally got my private place but on it's
nothing crazy not like just Tom or just
Cindy or anything like that it's just
just a random play that I decided to get
that look nice so can I show you guys
with on Instagram for an Instagram links
down in the description just click show
more and you'll find all my links to
everything even my pornhub account what
changes
one was saying hello to an old friend
here I'm gonna scare the shit out of him
you ready
he has no idea back in the UK so that's
do shit
I uh oh no the country hates chuckling
no camera angles - are you doing my
coming with it tonight we're good we're
going to outside hotel it was high night
there is Alice cow Thank You Peggy oh oh
shit now I'm going to London go to
London I thought you said you're in
Linda listen this geezer I come down to
this house all right come round to his
house just to see him and you know what
we talked about
you're making me buy you a jug you're
aren't you not make you good for me how
are you talking about right nearly fry
listen I haven't offered it you went out
a long time ago when I was a kid one
hour we were in here I was playing the
video games on the console a longish not
what you took me in the guns went by a
jack Oh dick was I drunk yeah that was
that's proper truth so I remember when I
was in there playing video games you
came in and I was driving the Jaguar in
the game and you said to me you go bad
one of them when you're all right you
told me I like when you're millionaire
something like that I was like yeah yeah
yeah sure and for some reason it always
stuck with me that like oh man I've ever
got money love money I buy you a Jaguar
I thought you'd honestly just forgot
about it but I see a view where you out
of you someone offers me a Jag I'm happy
goodbye goodbye old man from what lovely
parlor we're genuine gonna have to start
on my granddad a Jaguar like it's
something that's gonna have to happen
imagine if I actually got more like he'd
be the happiest Mary well you know you
always see them videos where someone's
like buzzer dad this Cox they always
wanted it was a childhood Kara Webb like
that's what Jaguars - my granddad so we
gotta get we gotta get some emotion man
we go get someone planned like if I
speak to a dealership or something like
trade in his old car which he wants to
do and see if we can get him a really
good deal in a really nice jag you were
you guys think should we do it I've just
dropped something under the seat my cat
I was like oh shit where's it gone and
I'm like struggling like fucking his car
wash to find it and I looked under my
car and this wasn't what I was looking
for a book on a bird of
a bird spotting book that my kind of
bought me for some reason granted I'm
not gonna spot Birds I'm going to shoot
but also sign know a little thing I want
my granddad to watch my daily vlogs even
though I get really drunk because like
he's always in the UK light on his own
so like my family going seamen
everything but you know gets out and
about but like I want to get my tumblr
that you can charge up with YouTube on
it so we can just watch my daily vlogs
because he really wants to know what I'm
up to all the time so I was just like I
think that's the perfect way for him to
know what I'm doing by watching the
daily vlog so grandad if you ever end up
watching this hello oh shit it's 420
blaze' but like no it's not that's 1620
that's actually the British equivalent
to 420 so blaze it 420 don't get me
wrong I love absolutely everything about
my apartment in LA but oh my god I miss
this bed seven feet of just heaven but I
think it's fair to say the best thing
about this bedroom we just open up the
doors real quick the best thing about
this bedroom is that view would you just
look at it oh it's beautiful
oh I just gets better a whole fresh with
washed and iron clothes I've missed the
UK so much okay so it is currently
almost five o'clock at 6:30 and probably
enough to go to the train station the
view is just absolutely so much nicer
every second God of I if I missed this
because like in the US where I live I
can see the sunrise but then the sunsets
of the back I'm building so I don't get
to see it but that is beautiful and you
want to know what isn't beautiful this
so this is a cold so it's going down but
I've got like a see-through patch on it
that apparently should really
realistically clear it up within like 12
hours so I'm going to keep that on
hopefully for the morning with nothing
there anymore so yeah bags packed ready
to rock and roll
and it's time to go get some food and
maybe a drink with my dad and then we're
heading to the train station let's rock
and roll
oh I get even better knowing this my
dad's done a new way out for my shoes so
now cuz does tell we're anything other
than DC's these should probably get
thrown out they don't wear converse
anymore these I'm pretty sure I put
firework and set them off on fire one's
fun these are please I don't even know
if they're mine I think they might have
Ian deters from when I was a kid and but
yeah I'm gonna get these all decked out
new DCs for the
is such a smart way of doing it you see
the heel the design that you want pull
it out on its got the one on top of it
high-five mate good job nice I do can
just look at that video right just look
I don't get to say that that often in LA
where does that come back here I can say
it every day just walk and look at the
bay why is it what is with this going on
keeps condensate in my shenanigans this
is showing us a by the way this is the
new play
it's basically my private plate now I
didn't want to show my old plate just in
case people were like you did see my old
plate on another cab like there's Tom's
car no no I don't want piss off that
person that's not my car so tada it's
kind of like you guys officially met the
bay now it's all in its glory so there
she is out egt 2016 edition beautiful
all 2015 into sketch Li gorgeous you
might have seen my BAE but let's be
honest mark my dad's car right look it's
just so it's so convenient I give it you
right I've been driving a 4x4 in America
the entire time I was like I just wish I
rented a smoker I don't feel very good I
come back in you forward apartment
what's going on your glasses hey it's
the best way I'm sorry it is because
he's picked a few glasses upon and he
broke his glasses just let's snap the
minister the glossy sage time to go
cheers mate it was nice for you this is
because it just comes that no I mean
that's that's time to hit the bar
project oh my ginger chef Wesley always
does me proud it was this without garlic
bread for Ken for snacking on and I've
got I got damn ribeye with scallops oh
my gosh
well bollocks food was amazing we made a
very nice time at Chateau apple massa
this is me apologizing for yesterday's
for being late already right now it's
half past 6:00 I totally thought I got
the vlog uploaded thought I was fine I'm
sorry it's late I apologize I don't know
how much layering
you guys but anyway I try it was
accident right it was actually his
accent I'm sorry what will happening at
tomorrow I forget what travel best he's
not blaming me for it yeah it's nice
fault it's all my fault I will try my
best to get up on time tomorrow and
because it was like I'm gonna give away
t-shirt like I always if the blog is
like I have to give away some
conditional t-shirt I got do tweet me on
Twitter make sure you follow me leave
your Twitter Dane named out of comments
he'll pick someone to give on to I'm
sorry I am so pissed off right now
with the train station and this is me
trying world yesterday's vlog it's 52%
of the way doing five minutes remaining
but my train is turning up right now and
as soon as my train gets here and I get
on it I'm going to lose the signal and
I'm not gonna be able to blow this video
so this video needs to upload in like
literally two minutes I can actually see
the lights of the train over there if
this video doesn't go up by the time we
got on this train it's going to be
delayed by an extra two hours I'm so
upset right now my vlog got to 65%
uploaded and almost done I have to get
on the train
holy shit I found a spot where the
internet for my phone was stupidly fast
and I was watching it go to like it went
up to like 10 minutes uploading down to
one minute uploading I was going
absolutely crazy but I managed to get
excited but I am so damn tired I fell
asleep on the train whilst trying to get
the thumbnail on the title and all the
description done for the vlog being an
analyst forking train just sucks Virgin
Trains you need to get your shit
together
national flights can do it a fucking
train can do it so yeah the boy ended up
being like two hours late today I mean
yesterday now the clock at night only
just got the walk up well pissed off
three I was late again today really
really not happy about that however made
it to London it is called as fuck the
weather is deceiving I'm going to try
and find my Toyota Prius which is
driving me that's where my destination
is now I think I found es boyis we made
it to the hotel I've been in before when
filming for legends of gaming and this
is like almost a 10 out of 10 hotel so I
cannot wait to give it a review and fall
asleep instantly hello echo okay it's
time for hotel tour review this place is
absolutely awesome like the interior the
entire hotel is really nice I'm pretty
sure it's like it might be like a four
and a half step which is really really
good so here's the bed here's this
really small room but tell you for fact
now this bed is already attached and
this is gorgeous for style lighting
looks and everything I'm gonna give it
so far and nine that that's how I'm
gonna like this alright let's go into
the bathroom bathroom very nice that's
all show and I saw this nice everything
good finishes to it kid managed well
nice Ted small but it's Ted fancy I like
it right homework truth what's in the
minibar what's in it well that is a mini
mini bar
all these nothing in the mini bar it
loses 0.5 points for that man negativity
right there
I'm gonna go I think it's still a solid
nine let's check the view there's enough
we're fucking oh look it's my view I
don't know my view is all right so I'll
attend this hotel what's it called again
the door set in in London get a 9 out of
10 just because it feels good the
Lighting's great and I'm tired so I'm
going to bed it's kind of like the next
morning thought we've got second out to
you guys I got in bed fell asleep and
woke up every two hours for some reason
but now I'm feeling good tam vong get
the shoot done and I will see you guys
tomorrow on set behind the scenes of
filming so you find out what we're up to
and what we're doing oh shit
I love you guys faces I don't know where
the lights just went make sure to leave
a like rating let's see if we can hit
33333 and then get leave a comment
saying three years old my not a lot of
rhymes
