you know I like leaving things like
super last-minute like down to the wire
like oh yeah this is gonna be great and
just late for everything probably I'd be
late for my own funeral if I could be
now I say this because it's currently 3
o'clock and my flight is at 4:20 it
takes me 20 minutes to get to the
airport and when the flight says it's at
4:20 it usually means it's at 350 or
something like that and it's an
international flight so I have to race
to the airport now going to auto by you
but but I'm still rendering out a video
I have to get uploaded by today so yeah
if I miss this flight lon bollocks mate
I forgot to put on the washing machine
go in you go on you go press the button
start on power so far so well yesterday
I was saying my flight was at 4:20 and
like I was joking you know blaze it 420
blaze it 420 yeah it turns out it's not
blaze it 420 my flights actually a five
plus four I don't know where I got 420
from and I'm pretty sure the gates
closed so success full fail was Thomas
it's your time yep
I appreciate you trying this out oh
thank you
holy shit I run the entire way got to it
almost run past the gate they were like
mr. Cassell I was like here luckily I
made it in time that doctor that
genuinely not sure how the hell am I
used to make it here in time seriously
not a fucking clue but either way did it
and I didn't go to business class but
what they did do is it got me a full row
to myself so you can relax and die oh
yes a film I haven't seen Steve Jobs
stoked watch this foods arrived it's not
a three-course meal aesthetic
like chicken and potatoes on them so
damn good
having achieved a mostly okay material
cosmos since I've been on the plane
at Martin
fresh fresh bottle
see them
big vitamin been rising
I saw told the members families like
or into the blanket now take it apart
came off
get it I do that I'll just fucking
surprising them
hello I'm about halfway through the
flight now
his mirrors on every single freaking
wall but you've got a little snack shop
at the back with free food and I just
basically went and took
everything oh yeah four hours left
Google back sleep little bit wake up
watching for one reset the walls
breakfast time forgot today prank this
is a mixed grill so let's go stateside
now I almost lost this entire meal they
fell into my chair luckily saved it Bob
Ross style and the reveal is
actually looks pretty cut down nice okay
I can mess with this actually tastes so
damn good like actually surprisingly
good it's the gym well I think anything
is look better for bacon that cooked in
us
Bell understatement this British Airways
breakfast easily town that was bad girls
mine stayed up to date i flying
well that was a perfect flight thank you
very much appreciate that a lot
ah forget him so gran I didn't miss his
life I did on a cried I was supposed to
sit someone like a bore I was too well
apart from getting bit on the plane by
some fucking mysterious Borg it stopped
itching to the Brahmas and tablets for a
the staff on it worked
absolutely fucking amazing like the best
British Airways that I've ever seen in
my life so Gigi British Airways
yeah the negative but you solved it with
a positive oh what a surprise
it's been raining in England oh it's
good to be how well that was super way
for the first time ever I went through
security and I beep through the metal
detector which was like yeah whatever
you know just check me recheck my feet
and he wiped down my feet and my shoes
and it came up on the monitor
saying explosives and I looked at him
and he was like no you're fine girl
wasn't I dunno yeah yeah I'm great
thanks I'm spooky maybe this is why the
British Airways launch is awesome this
croissants fresh from the bakery view
wow that weather is just absolutely
incredibly horrible however they should
make it all but make this is what I'm
talking about this place is finally
stepped his game up and the started
stuck in not like my old hair yet when
you know gel so pretty much absolutely
don't you say so this is what I need for
getting a shower hair gel to push to
place your drink now we're just gonna
get some body wash but I don't know what
what a water smell like pineapples there
we go that is exactly I need this little
mint thing here
there you go there's everything I need
for shower and moment of truth is a good
shower on alright I say to get the rain
yeah say get the rain what a glorious
feeling Emma happy again I just totally
did that when it's like nine of the
showers around make it loads of stuff
constantly walking past balls to it
mmm boom just like that I am done
showered clean I was gonna say shaved
but no I'm tempted to shave it if this
video gets fifty thousand migraines I'll
consider actually shaving the beard and
moustache on live shrimp your guys faces
but either way I'm gonna wrap up today's
vlog seen as though it's almost exactly
12:00 noon up boom right on the right on
a minute so I'm gonna wrap up today's
vlog here because then I would use my
other British phone to continue the day
soon as I was the start of a new day so
hope you enjoyed today if you have make
surely like great bit short bit rushed
but applied to have everything but
shenanigans as usual and I'll see you
guys tomorrow 6 p.m. UK time where we
were going to be heading out to London
even into the today I've got to go up to
Manchester and back down to London
within the same day I might as well just
stay here but I've gotta go back to do
some stuff so I'll see you guys tomorrow
for adventure good bye
