oh yes the new dog disappeared it oh my
lord
winters winter has come and winter has
left there is no snow in that field the
only snow is on my drive so at least I
can 4x4 over that I guess and oh my lord
the amount of love and support you guys
are showing like not just to me and my
choice of vehicles but to Lydia because
it's like two days ago she out took the
vlog so I like completely passed out
fell asleep and she noticed that I
didn't like I didn't do my outro so she
did it follow me I'll put it into the
blog and you guys apparently loved it
like I've never seen so much love and
feedback from you guys on a video of
mine unless it like involves my grandma
because you guys think he's adorable
some reason he's just a little bugger
who sneaks in my house all the time and
just sits there and waits for me is
literally it might as well be that
little thought Santa Claus right now
because you just sit there and wait to
me at all times a lot of feedback was
absolutely incredible but now there's a
negativity she'll come because you see
that you see that Land Rover Defender
right there yeah I can't drive it I only
managed to get a two day insurance and
not that like I couldn't get any more
but just because no one would insure me
but I just got temporary insurance so I
could get the Land Rover from the
dealership to my home have an extra day
of driving around with it and then with
that extra day my mum would be back
today for me to then saw our child a
12-month insurance on the defender no
driving the defender today but hey don't
you worry don't you panic a genius and I
have another cam it ODT t it's not I see
it's not Strasse t I can drive it
however I would be able to drive it if
Lydia didn't block me in the drive I
don't know where akiza I think she took
him with her I can't drive my defender I
can't drive my TT so I guess these boots
are made for walking and that's just
what I'll do
smallest ball cereal eaten damn Deborah
edition have a cup of tea and if you're
British and you don't have one if you're
British and you don't have one of these
let me tell you right now instant hot
water tap you'll never have to wait for
a kettle ever again Wow what about many
impress many Wow Wow look at that Wow
and I just came second place let's watch
this killer comment every single boy of
mine no joke like don't ruin this guy to
be sniper I don't think he hit me with
that
every single my bullet watch when I
shoot him Dinks a third-person me I was
playing first-person time time he'd
every single ball of mine Dinks
this is such a weird kill cam Dinks off
the back of the van like my look listen
I'm sure I was shooting him the entire
time but every single one my bullets was
glitching on the top of this car gutted
but your sister is an absolute beast
shut a spare key she's brought it up for
me I can now move Olivia's car which
means I can drive my TT which means I
can get to school and do this talk so
let's go do that
I am absolutely like shaking Li hungry
so probably a good idea to get some food
in between this whole ring around us so
let's do it
I don't like one of those janitors you
know with all the keys that's all the
keys sweet stuff like sharp my car my
Audi my Land Rover like that it's
ridiculous so Edison England's but to be
in it same old stuff I do make
absolutely shitty weather raining
miserable I'd do anything for it to be
snowing even if I did get trapped on my
drive I'd still be happier weird it
sandwiches no mess around there got my
prawn mayonnaise got my Starbucks like I
got a buspar bill raining in England
fucking sick don't know why I'm trying
to speak like that
that's my Danny Danny fucking Dyer I'll
fuck you to have you excuse my French
but daddy fucking Dyer
mmm it's weird it's weird going from the
defenders of this it man it's I've
always described this as a go cap being
in my first car I just got used to it
and then being in the big LAN room I was
like ooh big but then going back to this
it's like oh my god I feel like a bit of
kinder egg toy like it's it's so fun
it's so like but like like I'm putting
my foot down
and I'm used to like the defender
putting my foot down then it's slowly
getting to a speed whereas this is like
so yeah I'm listening to my bonus
let's get on let's do it my saddles
waiting I'm in a good mood today yeah
you wait is my car rolling nope pretty
sure my Humphrey son if you quit on the
dark boom oh good old mother-in-law
she's tiny
she's absolutely Christmas version need
some Holley round the edge I know to
shoot Adam missed opportunity hey
dropping works in the original instead
of a runner school would it be easier or
harder which I have to be working yeah
always someone want to kill you have to
CV every day than me thanks appreciate -
what have you done I don't work at this
school but all I know is that does not
sound healthy in the slightest
what are you done alright this is I can
fit you all in
so this is where did you ready this is a
question did I do a good job Internet
safety and
there's there's just one guy back there
like what you saw what about easy burden
listen to anything reset it's like but
he's told us everything you know right
it is nice well they seem a good like
you do a terrible job how certain words
can be offensive in the wrong context
yeah that's right though I did explain
it right oh no everyone's great Tom
taught these kids how to spread out no
no no I did that but yeah that the rules
of banter no tapping no
wait who's this off
you guys know long story I told them
about the story where I had like a
creepy fun sing a song of where we're
going cynics has any literally track
down the location to get to my house
about six years ago I told them the
story and they kept chanting it to try
and creeped me out cuz I hate the story
so much so yeah literally gate told my
bunch of kids savages who's this off
really this of you it's a cat with a
selfie stick yes it was last minute like
last minute it was like joining a
coincidence cool and to talk about like
Internet safety so I just probably see
about some people don't know where they
live and stuff like that
and yeah yeah no I told him some proper
creepy stories about like you know
people getting swatted in America fans
to the palace at my house that start
stuffing all like what that happens I'm
just like yeah it can be really really
scared and weird so safer you are to bet
you'll be so we're done I need to go
home and take care of business
oh this is kind of disgusting cuz this
drink not line it's my sister's ha ha ha
ha
well I got myself a drink there on
sister a drink time to head to the
office under get organized it took you
this long to get like the knowledge of
knowing this was a bed however that's a
poo stain that's kind of weird I'm
actually so happy she's sleeping in here
cuz I'm like do we sleep on like a
little comfy things around the corner
but this is I can fall on like soft
almost like memory foam bed for them
like it's so looker that fat little lazy
cat yeah little belly
hello baby she's sure she's ten times
cuter than God's being looks wise but
Gadsby's just
just friendly cat hey yo buddy you know
halo-halo you could tell you a being
talked about what your ears were burning
plus a random one I'm just I thought you
know not particularly why oh there's a
reporter outside seven years seven years
doing YouTube never nevermind I had a
reporter outside the house pal who's
dead polite rang the doorbell the gates
are open he could his walk to me being a
dick but family it was really nice guy
wasn't in to talk to him so don't know
what for don't want about but you know
what I just have this policy I don't
want like anyone to know something I was
like you guys know me for seven years of
please don't sit outside my house people
used to turn upon some of dad's house
all the time not report it's just like
thumbs but I don't want no one obtained
a post at my house whether it be a
viewer a fan sort of doesn't like my
videos like hater or reporters or anyone
like my brigade police if they've been
like pranked or anything cuz you know
I've been like kinda nice why I'd like
that a few times ya know I try and keep
the whole being a personal private
placement that's the way I like to keep
it if anyone wants an interview with me
or someone that for some reason our
business emails on my youtube channel
but feel free to get in touch they're
just not at my no I'm at home I don't
know why I know it's like the freedom of
press or something but I don't know I
think it's I don't know weird scenario
I've never had someone turn about
something outside before so okay I've
switched my insurance from this car to
the Jeep well it's not a Jeep it's a
line Rover
I really need to stop saying that people
gonna start getting pissed hey you're a
reporter are you a reporter
are you a reporter report on this I'm
joking
oh you up my lights are flashing done oh
thank God you go hope you got what you
got what you got
oh you for me oh you mean now that I've
got a vehicle to go out to transport a
goal and then gone the one thing I don't
have that I've just realized in this
vehicle I do
yeah brings all this I was like dead oh
my god alice is not gonna be happy that
coffees stone-cold okay dr. Jones all
right time to get down to the office and
show my mom they're they're not Jeep
that's what I thought
why this feels bad this feels better I
don't know why I love my TT if I stole a
piece bought I know now that I've been
in this I was trying to read a book I
realized that doesn't work in a rover
defender it feels better to be in this
and I'm not I've now got room to
transport things so let's take my take
my laundry to my laundry see I do do it
it was like oh you do nothing damn right
from get someone else to do it why not
time efficiency right take that so andr
go and see Alice more importantly let's
go see my mum not seen her in like a
month but it feels like it so let's go
one traffic was bad hey that's an option
an edible it's out I talked about for
ages mum mummy mom come on Samantha
it literally stinks of asshole in here I
three women in one building cannot make
such a smell what the heck what may I'm
soaked
shit Stoke me oh she's rolling he's
ruling what do you think and she gets
into the defender got some ice up again
she's in she's liking it but do you
think for seats it's Jimmy's that all I
only buy to what you think yes I'm glad
you like it like the color what do you
think
right but I think up to you who died to
use it you gonna die
should we try to shoot triangle on the
wrong no we make our own path look she's
a road you're allowed to be up this and
do this four-wheel drive for the Tokyo
drifting in a Land Rover
oh my god
Daryl Walker with this look at all this
mud yes going to show it this is like
it's like my perfect place to take
people to show me what is capable is the
key this is it
it's attraction don't you put everybody
supposed to lunch Wow
we could do we've got Russell machine we
could but and because it's informal
drive look no hands that's right no feet
look it's in crawl mode so this is where
niece-in-law at low power like low power
means it's like all four wheels I turn
in the same speed so there's no
differential so it'll just crawl I could
get out and walk along the side of it if
I wanted to please don't
so this is now us going back so first
gear second gear let's go joke's on the
roots the size of the roots are going to
go wow those shake effect huh that's
very good that's why I came up there so
he came up there
does not appeal to me at all I think
it's written I don't mind being on the
road to my book
no no but you don't hear about mine mean
on the modes by about don't lie legs
what a lot me wheels to be firm a
Tasha's at the rope
this is so good it's just wood you can
just put it wherever you want like it is
truly truly amazing there you go
we think give it our 1000 gram to keep
it just a big fat this is a massive fun
bit confused about this lights be honest
it's actually staying on permanently
Google I don't think I've seen that
light before I got a doughnut on it is
there's no light heads up saying what it
could be so I'm gonna give it a quick
google make sure everything's okay with
a BAE
look at that she got proper do at that
time proper day look at those flaps well
they're the kind of box I like to see
yes what a base this is what it's made
for I'm not fucking just driving around
on the streets may rob rodeen oh my Lodi
that's a lot of hour with bloody hell
man even more bags and boxes today
sheesh don't forget guys you wanna get
your stuff from city key original comm
last order in for Christmas is the 19th
all the merch companies are stopping
theirs in the 15th hell no Alice Alice
is sticking out it getting it done
you've got until the deadline of the
19th but look at this we got boxes on
boxes and then you go in here you don't
make mommy in taking a shit well thank
God for that I thought those boxes in it
and then we go I actually thought she
was taking appear though God this give
me awkward and then this is our new
collection of oh shit
wow wow that's a lot of is that all
buddies yeah which ones yeah thing is if
I do shoot my clothes over that shrinks
because whatever I can just come in and
because it's mine I designed the clothes
because I like him and the way I want to
wear him rather than any of the way so
they found me to wear them all the time
and you guys liked them so obviously win
but all we do is win win no matter what
and speaking of winning we've got some
posters signed by me giving away to your
faces who's odd is this this is going to
be Alison Alison got herself
sigh yeah sign sign Christmas card there
you go thank God I quality check that
smudged lets quality check this one
perfect Allison that's going in the back
and you know what else is going in the
back an orange an orange there you go
this is if you place an order and you
look it up for me to be in the office
usually at free swag so it's going in
the bag there you go
Allison it's on its way Merry Christmas
just God then chaos cars that can
college it's my company you can't say
shit
then again you kind of control it so you
can I keep giving away stuff please you
fight what is the Exorcist
happening in the building that I own
that I got I've owned this entire
building not too sure what's going on up
there it looks like someone may be
getting possessed
that's me terrified of being in this
building late at night I don't know if
the woman is upstairs staying in there
right now oh she's out but you know
there's some ghost shit going up there
welcome to office boss go on javelin
Danny welcome sir welcome no way it's
got now you click replied now it's
regarding know that he had one job woman
warming woman at least I'm not no no
listen listen listen
oh yeah let me tell you the story so I'm
there doing this talk these kids about
Internet safety and you know all that
sort of stuff and you know proper
serious talk I get a missed call off my
dad I get a missed call of my sister I
get miss coffe the office I'm like what
is going on so a textile it's like
what's going on I'm busy she texts me
mum's dead
in hindsight maybe I had to step I
literally had to step out the class my
hat I was doing this talk and the entire
class of 60 kids saw me like steps out
the class holy fucking shit I was like
how could she dad she's at the office
dad you could she coulda got hit by a
car the short could have fallen on it
anything my I was like I had literally a
moment where my fucking heart stops was
like she might be gone and I've not seen
this thing she's about to back up Holly
I've not seen it for 20 days I was like
oh my god so I ran galleys Alice answers
my mum's in the background and I'm I am
I what the fuck's happened and she goes
oh yeah we're dying of starvation and
I'm like someone's not dead no she's
fine don't cry wolf you have your finger
what Alice oh look what she's doing
Alice how very dare you crack I broke
something Fisher all right that was my
ten minutes of fun nice to see you all
elfin safety rats in the original
wearing socks
Logan Pallas he's on socks why don't we
yeah no I just wear the same black socks
I don't like different cord socks I'm a
plain I'm a plain man anyway mm-hmm
i came i know'd a conquered don't go
when you get yourself some cynic
original mercs look this insignia hoodie
looks look at Alice's insignia hoodie
perfect timing I turn up as a delivery
man comes I get to escape even more work
oh I'm doing it nicking me PlayStation
back doing all it's a bit harsh it
nothing it has I don't think it's
installed what what to install my walk
very mustard either way I'm done
decorating the tree with a wife
this house smells incredible the tree is
finally standing it's time to put some
lights on it you supposed to retreat
like leaves on it yet thank do this this
how this works
oh my god I'm gonna needles oh ma no no
that's a lot of mass Jesus Oh God I
guess he's literally not gonna bake
today this is this better need to be a
package up in not my dad trying to get
into the house where is it it was it I
was saying before I sat down and got
rudely interrupted by Kenneth Cassell is
it so weird
I honestly they how much different no
tree how much different is this room
feel with a cabinet this room actually
feels like a home now like legit no no
no no no my dad my dad literally said to
Lydia that if we put like marks and
numbers on the walls not all those
paintings and stuff over there he'll
hang them up so thought about it I don't
have no idea I'm a little bit it's so
weird
well we are gonna do we've got the
option is we can knock out the wall and
put the cables into the wall so you just
can't see anything which I put prefer to
do or we can just put it up a cable
management thing that's why and you
won't even notice it really but I'd
rather not the walther and get my dad to
patch it up
Wow no someone said that the needles
that they drop the poisonous to cats is
that true rip cats otherwise oh my god
my house is actually feeling like a home
right now I've got a bit of Moriah and
then I've got a log fireplace burning on
Netflix a fork a fire burning on Netflix
I do actually have a fireplace over
there well it's not exactly a log fire
is it so wait 78 inch log fire yes yes
what you make this place feel home-like
get no way the most homely feeling in
here is those curtains behind
so don't take away from the curtain rail
okay but you do add to the vibes and so
does the cat you know what it's just a
family vibe it feels good all right
where's the other cat she's so not part
of the family
I'm selling her she's a bitch and I'm
telling her progress it it feels so nice
I love our like we've just literally
trimmed the top of the tree like just
let's get the hell out of it
the guy didn't even exactly question it
oh my dad even just went nope
cut it off because it wouldn't fit but
got candle burning the why are we got
this George Michael oh we do need a
ladder for this nice you finally found
the courage to come up and say hello to
the tree for the first I don't know if
you see it well she's not seen it but
she's definitely not seeing me the
lights on so she's like I literally need
the triggered meme come along the bottom
the shit the screen shaking but uh
meanwhile Gadsby loves the tree he's
found himself a branch and is enjoying
it we're getting there
light situation is a bit stressful bit
stressful these lights that have got to
be only sort of fucking pile of shite
because you've got this one big section
where they all come out so rather than
just being like a string of ice so you
know one and then two or three different
ones
this is loads of lights coming out with
one box so you supposed to like hide it
behind the back of the train and feed it
through it but then you've always got
the huge clump it's like a bloody light
work display and then you got to try and
feed em down so it feeds down but then
by the time you get to bottom because
it's so busy up there because you've got
to feed them all through gets a bit
chaotic so we're trying but Luna knowing
a bit you having fun in a tinsel she's
like goals I don't know it is I
seriously don't you might blow well
you're missing Steve we just had Steve
out more Burnley you're the cat she's
camera shy I swear I'd literally think
she's scared my phone yeah just for the
record he's right there as well they
were both quit Elena's until I moved
away so I could grab my phone I'm
shaking hungry we're going out for my
mom's boyfriend's Darren does went out
for his birthday today
I thought of a card dollar present all
because I found out probably about four
hours ago that we were going for a meal
not even that this is my little
Christmas elf go down for a meal now
I'm starving I'm looking forward to it
and I hope this food is good Stables
it's not as good as Wesley's food sorry
where's we cheat on you with a local
restaurant alright we're doing we're
risking leaving the two cars literally a
waiting for us to move away out there
the wait I should really set up the
security camera and Piatt the tree so
when this movement it will get on camera
than pulling the tree down so have fun
it's good look so you go later
you better know man got packages lots of
packages look at this boom I managed to
get a free fell at you with my Alexa
because inside a spoiler know what nope
yeah didn't know what Amazon I : no LexA
I got I so no speaker yes look at that
it's beautiful my black wait a minute
you've got speakers in the ceiling yep
the system sucks that runs it I'd rather
just for my office have one of those
things as then got kaboom a shotgun mic
for our stereo mics or a directional
shotgun is it a shotgun mic I don't know
either way managed to get myself a
cannon do you microphone for the top of
my recording cam so hopefully that sets
it well oh three linked guns nice and
then obviously spoiler alert if you said
it minute ago an echo pause so if you
don't want any losses you can connect it
to that bulb that came for free there
and your someone else so you can be like
hey look so dim the lights in the lounge
annulled in the light so I'll hey Alexa
change the cause to red you know I'll do
that and then you connect it to you so
no she kept like hey play this song on
my Spotify if you just connect it to you
Spotify and I'll play the music from
your Spotify to Zoe's just all
voice-activated which is honestly worth
its weight in gold this thing is amazing
I really really advise it this might be
a big spoiler should I just give Darren
my soul no speaker I don't think I'll
have one of these house I don't think my
mom has one it's a gift it's a really
good gift for his birthday I can just
get another one like if I was thinking
what can I get my gift I wouldn't know
but I think it's a really good call no
I'll give him this one and then I'll buy
him another one it's appoint another
room in his house he's like I was a
joint get it was it was a gift that
keeps on giving
so I think that's a pretty good idea I
just bought good enough times of rapidly
I'm sure
you know what sack that tree I'm gonna
burn it to the ground
that one's ten times better ten times
easier to set up 25 quid worth its
weight in gold
oh hey up it's a parka properly like
there's a mud section there I'd rather
just mount on it and park it on there
and it's dead Oh gotta follow the
Highway Code and shit yeah just cuz I
got enough rotor only just Park I
could've gone up on that grassy summer
but no I guess not all right so here's
where we're going stables give me up
with Darren my mom and everyone else
christmas happy 51st birthday look how
many people this is promised Tom with
your ruler Gadsby where's Steve oh he's
part of the fun way hey look look I just
stole your potpourri this is a pretty
good selection to be honest I'm going
for the ham hock and then I'm going for
the belly pork
even though will you just point out
roasted hate wrapped in serrano ham Oh
Milo would be terrific you're on
furlough d and then I'm gonna go have
some white chocolate and then our
partners then actually cheese thing I
bid maybe I want the cheese plate and
just never go round me with Rockwell
Bishop Stilton alleys basically walked
into a store said I need a jumper goes I
got you like a flying squirrel can you
tell what it is you can yeah don't spoil
it
we'll just see if you're right can you
guess what it is you don't even have a
clue
Clou books yeah yeah cuz you look like a
book reader no no offense that bill
doesn't know does he know what it is yet
I'm telling you me it's one of the best
things you will ever own yeah it's the
new pop play one hole it trust me it's
worth its weight in gold it's so good
you can connect it to it one of them
Amazon ones if you could yeah pretty
much
oh hell yes it is snowing and it is
snowing heavy this is perfect the
defender is down there and not wait
Mother of God
cured meats cheese all sorts and I also
have a stocking oh my god me defender
defender defender Dada Dada da yo this
is it was wet before it's got that
called and so much snow has come down
it's actually sticking this is a look at
you Rico on this is amazing right watch
it watch it be snowy tomorrow like
England's weird like this this is
amazing I don't know if I have
hypothermia at this rate
oh do I see this BMW slide you need a
bed oh yeah I'm gonna take the school
don't you hit my defender I'm watching
you up don't you hit that defender no I
might call and pop a defender up here
see I Drive my defender up and park it
outside here yes look at this it's
exactly part of a key long
I'm waiting for a defender to pick me up
Oh easy the valleys got balls of steel
he's gonna slide you need to defend you
I'll defend you oh my god the defender
outside the public wow that's a good
defender I want to pack it on there with
a blanket there
what know what care I want to spend you
know a full upon side the restaurant
Starnes birthday I'm gonna take you for
a drive in the snow let's call it cars
cars cars go come on let's go this guy's
everyone's panicking trying to get home
from wherever they are and I'm just
loving it this is what you call door
service pickle get in the van Darrin get
in the van
get into the fender get in get inside
but do you like it
they just crushed these people it was
just crushed they brake to nearly skate
around the corner let's see if they need
assistance are you ok citizen are you
okay are you okay are you okay see if
you need some help
are you okay over judge that a little
bit you need it but it needs a moment
yeah you're nearly put it you crushed it
just look how close that was to the wall
holy shit shit take your time mate take
your time yes this is what these recalls
were made for
very I saw you going afar that was a
crush into that wall then Darren look at
this dude this is why I got this
defender don't forget if you're going
downhill you start
today do we just have to go really
really slow don't know break - you have
to break got all these skid marks on the
floor where people are struggling now
they make it in or out
yeah you say if your car stopped on this
now it won't go yeah we've got watch up
the rent thing we have to worry about it
don't people quit or doesn't it yeah
because they will skid and slide towards
us
yeah
are we doing now I'm gonna put my foot
down there where it's a bit empty and
you see no gave up stop it
it's quite heavy don't forget oh this is
but I think it's raining I think it's
raining not snowing anymore get back get
back get back before it was also lagina
and ID and your birthday dinner goes
cold
it sort of stuck how we doing stay safe
all right
you believe panic or anything text me
I'll get youse all right
that's the brothers Wesley what were you
taking this food you can open up the
graves right now as a pizza delivery
service I'm at the stables a big dinner
oh yeah i'vei've been dinner because
it's Darren's birthdays it's like
fucking he wants to go there so we've
got yes I don't feel that which he
defended to the rescue yeah we're
already in there really sites known as
that I want to go out and the defender
what about there but I just came down
west over there I'd offer you a lift but
fuck that shit out outside to inside in
this lat no Alice I need to get your do
you like snow yes or no yes God you like
snow yes or no maybe you need to just
stop being an unsupportive girlfriend of
current loads of boyfriend's down what
do you think of snow
yeah
and he can get away he said of course if
you've got to the bottom of the hill he
says he's just like really so you've got
lucky basically damn it's coming down in
true fashion now and I've got a little
pork pork belly sandwich to take with me
my plot it was so big that I spy ordered
four-star that I filled up straightaway
but I got that pork belly in case we get
snowed in the pork belly
what starter you probably scared
my name's Tom and this is a lemoncello
show oh my god I feel like I'm drunk
paint
oh no but it was the fumes yeah hey old
man Austria we do a Cheers
oh no cheers catches you all huh
Cheers you got cheese with a drink
cheers Cheers you drink Cheers to health
and happiness you've got yeah I play the
game with my sister when I went close
your eyes are itchy Costra when when you
closed your eyes I did take that but the
London challenge champagne so I was
hoping that you'd pick you up and drink
it but you didn't
yeah okay no no so the toilet that you
would go and take a couple of time
happy birthday happy Quinlan's happy
birthday down burn like Frankie and
Benny's love it it's already melted I
have to do a massive shower too damn it
Bauer
the lady who served as in there believe
it's her daughter Oh family founder
something laughs say hello to face hello
to your face no all right you boys i buy
you two alright thanks for the love mom
no you have to you have birthday they
don't have a four-wheel drive but it
isn't invincible no no it's very slippy
it's very sleepy right Libya's boy don't
forget if you need me ring me I like
being there hold you oh I'll hold you
that was creepy okay yeah yeah what are
you saying this is my mom by the way
you don't know much are you okay you
stop oh you're stuck I don't think
you've tried getting out yet you're liar
hello citizen it appears you are stalk
you've not even tried moving you have
you you're just defrosted aren't you you
fucking cheeky buggers right well I
think I'd be careful by the way you
having a snog but I don't need to know
these sort of thing just for the record
that car up there I know if you spotted
it on the way over that had slid into
the curb and parked up for the night
well the thing is if you go out there
yeah I think I think the wheels are
gonna start spinning then you'll go
sideways to the right trailer I don't
think you'll get all back there you're
gonna go down it you've taken the piss
this cars the entire way down don't do
it please say hey test test how it goes
if not leave the cour is up at your ball
right ring me logo but I says hey I
don't really let this on the drive but
take a look at this oh it's no mean with
no money so
oh no you still you missing you miss
completely again you missed again began
I think he needs the work honey I can't
see you mr. gang okay please put my dog
freezing dope you someone's made a snow
angel there and then a tiny little
snowman
take two
this could seriously be a very young age
the bottom I I'm not feeling that you
tell what no no joke I know it's a that
don't know cream is because we're
sliding down there driving right
oh my
down we go that going down
a little bit a little bit skidding a
little bit of great a little bit
skidding that going done that big slide
lost his yeah got me that was
nerve-wracking you have like why it's
just we tried it on the road in this 4x4
mode if you tap brake once it completely
locks off and you just go sliding I
absolutely sliding oh my god I believed
in the car I just didn't believe myself
to not touch the brake but we did it
we're down we survived mother of god
that was so scary like literally when I
pulled onto drive there in non 4x4 mode
it started like skidding as I fuck this
shit I'm out and then when I started
driving around the road just in like
it's always in 4x4 but not in beast mode
and as I was driving it down the road
and I slammed on my brakes or even just
went on the brake it just just get him
but they're putting that 4x4 mode if you
don't touch the brakes it no matter what
just got through and it just got down
there pretty much with ease I wasn't
scared but oh my god we did it we can
finally say the defender the defender
conquered Mount Kilimanjaro a very very
long day is done tomorrow's gonna feel
like a very long day as well again
because Lydia's cars now stuck at the
bottom I drive so I'm gonna drive her to
work but I have to drive you to work and
then do what and two kids and then how
long you there for
I have to pick up at three o'clock and
bring you back to school take from
school back here well see how the day
goes
that's gonna be my blog today guys -
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe I
really know honestly he said it's no but
I don't think he's dope
no I just like driving the defendant I'm
the defender I'm gonna defender assemble
I'm gonna make that running but yeah
we'll see how that all pans out tomorrow
so thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rating subscribe
ding dong notification bell again if
you're not subscribed you're not gonna
see these videos you know of casion box
more importantly should be for me on
Twitter at Pro syndicate
where tweet every day when the blog goes
like this I've never seen so much love
and support I never knew so many people
watch the video all the way till the end
so much until like 3000 people come
it'll be in LA but the cutest I've ever
seen in my life but I'll see you guys
tomorrow
thanks watch you much love and as always
I saw D boss
well that's just favoritism you've
autumn kisses
