it is the morning after the night before
I am just tired we're probably about
three hours sleep totally did not
remember that I have a phone call today
at ten a-m oh my god we got on skype
with him dude i'm blogging your shirt
show me that better show me oh my god
dudes that limited edition yes oh my
gosh i doin bro so this wizard right
here dude how much money did you know
donate for charity then I what it was
for an absolutely great cause so I
honestly cannot thank you enough who you
are honestly a really great guy so thing
what's your real name my name is Tyler
Tyler it's pleasure to meet you my
friend this is where I can't have nice
things I totally forgot to walk my fun
and it's as dry as Gandhi's flip-flop so
because i only got it like oh five
o'clock probably the last night in the
morning and it's tele am i'm just gonna
go in here into my room say goodbye to
the world and go back to sleep for two
hours until i have to do more skype
calls thanking your legends faces for
donating someone is charity so i'm gonna
bet cut you guys a bit this is sharif
Russa hello dude you're a wizard you
dominated am i right 750 is it dollars
dollars seven hundred fifty dollars to
the prize your campaign for charity for
motor neuron disease yeah dude one your
legend and to that is a crazy amount of
morning next time always spend it on
yourself and then make sure you've got
money for charity because that is a
crate what went through your head think
about donating and its first time I've
actually donated to a charity so I
thought why not go out and date that
much I do able you're a really nice guy
that's really awesome of you so thank
you very much for supporting the cause
excuse me Taylor you're going to my blog
right now can you show your shirt that
sounds so like sexual but look yeah I
thought you were rocking a syndicate
original shirt that's what I like to see
you got the response as well yeah wait
this is this is difficult no no I'm
struggling dude snap you got both of
them uh yeah Oh see you know what Luke
he knows what you doing about this guy
this guy's got fashions we're genuinely
gonna like this guy so much I decided to
mud him on our two on my twitch right
now and just super out the blue you're
really down to a guy so hopefully you do
a good job of being embodies all right
go do the best job ever
check it out anybody dude thank you yeah
you stuck call me on my cell phone late
night when you need dick so I've been
singing out loud last 10 minutes you
used to call me on my cell phone my hair
looks like a quiff 420 blaze it what the
hell is it doing its 420 blazing yet
while Luke does always take me to the
most random of places right now we're a
place called trunk club Ted aha where I
think you believe you come here to fit
you you can get like sooo slight all
designer clothes and all that starts the
book okay look it's a bar pool table
ping-pong and all that sort of stuff I
don't really need anything we're gonna
look at jackets but we're here for Luke
to pick up some shoes which is probably
extend to assure which then I'll extend
two socks then two pumps and everything
and he's going to spend so much money
they just said you wanna get don't play
a game of pool and I was like after
yesterday shenanigans no this is what
we're doing right now and now look at
that so fancy so I was thinking video
little video so that trying to try to
get something a little bit a little bit
smarter sharper they're just going out
whatever is going else it's got
chocolate they want they do as well is
the ship here like a box full of clothes
and you just like for free but then you
pick which one you want and when you
send the clothes back they go always
taking out a t-shirt and like a pair of
socks then they charge you for that
instead so it's basically just take what
you want if you don't want even send it
back and every month you get a new box
of a potential swag so pretty cool
concept but at the same time I'm the
kind of guy just walked into a store
goes that one walks out you know no
fucking around keep it simple yeah just
realize you're home tomorrow coming back
to the UK going to London for like two
days work back for my mom's birthday I
then day after mom's birthday flying
back out to LA it's gonna be a very very
busy next few days lots of tired Tom and
probably later logs look at this sunset
and view oh my god that is amazing it's
just so so beautiful isn't it Luke
gorgeous isn't it I don't know why I
found this so funny but how big was the
goddamn potato the big things cuz I did
it cheers Luke have the dog look at us
this is the difference between you being
a man and me just being a little bitch I
really want to see this film so damn bad
rhino Reynolds gonna be a beast we're
just looking at all these weird
paintings over here does that not look
like gabe newell the owner of valve is
like I've made so much money off Tom's
connives there's one place I don't want
to be right now it's in the car about to
drive to the store where I want to be
right now is in bed isn't Tom in bed I'm
gonna go to store and get some cold sore
cream that absolutely fucking sucks
because one I didn't kiss anyone I'll
make out with anyone recently to get
this so that's fucking awesome it
basically means is that last night at
that party I went to one of the shot
glasses almost a drunk out of someone
must have had a cold sore and I've now
got off then so to whoever that was
thank you fucking greatly nice one and
more so because I've got to go to the UK
tomorrow and then the day after i'm
doing two days of filming for a show i'm
gonna have this fucking welt on my
fucking face in tonight i'm also side
note remember I went to subway was oh my
god I'm starving hungry went and got
stuff went to subway I was like dead
stock for it and then you never saw me
in the video yes cuz I left it in the
car great oui oui oui well well well we
got the cord soccer in sweet stuff used
it before should we go in a few days or
hopefully a day that'd be nice but also
got in my car and you know I'm renting a
car right now I got to take it back i
was gonna take you back tomorrow when i
went to the airport but I got it was
like I'll just check the ticket see what
time i need to return it or what day and
he actually is returning today by 10pm
it's nine o'clock now so this is
actually great timing the way it's
planned out so let's go to the airport
sweet made it to the returns now just
got have someone check over the car make
sure it's not damaged in all that and we
got the green light taxi home go to bed
and there she goes ladies and gentlemen
absolute beauty she was grateful
expensive bought he did the job went out
snowboard great success I'm genuinely so
damn tired I'm not trying to find a
place to find it taxi from as long as he
gives me the green light now that is an
industrial car wash I was hoping to seem
to be
something like that just parked up in
the luxury section book I didn't seem to
see any either way for walking home
buyers we're walking home what the hell
Ben Stiller is triggering Syria my
mobile foot alright so the video has
been rendering for an hour 30 minutes
hour and 20 left probably going to be an
actual extra two hours the longer it
gets the longer it takes so I'm gonna
leave that I'm gonna turn this off and
go to bed oh shit I am really not sure
why I'm still awake a half past one in
the morning but either way everything's
gonna go pretty much off so in the
morning I'm gonna have like a massive
feast and just make an omelet containing
anything in this fridge that is gonna go
off which is pretty much just like 20
slices of hominin y'all go boy so I'm
gonna go off so is the milk so I'm gonna
use the coolest mug in the world again
shout out some fans from New York you
hooked me up 5 stelle that's called
Usami mug I'm gonna have a nice big hot
chocolate made from nesquik see how that
goes and yeah go to bed that's my bun
update it's absolutely delicious oh my
god i just feel like I've hit the
jackpot I just was like going through to
see when the dates coffin was like
there's my happens make a sandwich with
us tomorrow and I forgot that I totally
bought parma ham this is my all-time
favorite food I just want to get in bed
watch Netflix I don't know why I'm
staying awake like it I I cook on to bed
at ten a.m. pm and just like the best
night's sleep ever but instead I'm just
like yeah I'm gonna stay up watch
Netflix gonna watch The Avengers like
cartoon thing i'm currently watching
citiz off see every other TV shield
possible and yeah just eat Parma ham
like a fat person this is what I do with
my nice clothes neelam this is why I do
this is how you wake up nearly every
single person in the impound
I wanna some babe as much as possible so
I can get in the Sun I'd have a tad for
going back to the UK because like said
I'm gonna be on camera dude I think I
think I'm allowed to say legends of
gaming so I'm gonna do some legends a
gaming stuff if that all goes ahead
without this fucking thing no no love
you guys are gonna do today oh it's just
a call so don't worry about this paper
i'm gonna be on camera recording like
crap tons of videos and i'm gonna have
this the entire time you always want to
look your best when you're on camera and
I don't really care about the daily
vlogs it's like whatever you know I just
got a better look like a potato most
attempts that's fine but what I'm doing
like a big shoot so I think you know you
want too good so I went other people say
they're like okay yeah it looks normal
rather than going like this guy looks
like a pale snowman with aids on his
face so tomorrow I'm gonna be flying
back to the UK I'm gonna be going there
for literally like four or five days i
think it's i think it's five days I'm
going back for and the main reason was
me going back his valentines day you
might like he's going seen obey whose
bay is she real no she's this person
right here i'm actually going back for
Valentine's Days my mom's birthday
actually she's gonna be 51 my mom's
gonna throw a party at my house and
there's just gonna be drunk 51 year old
women running around the house and I'm
just gonna be like okay you girl just do
where the fuck you gonna do I'm gonna
lock myself in my office play video
games a livestream ask the house gets
trashed wouldn't be funny if mum will
actually trashed my house more than any
of like me and my friends I've ever
played harder in my life like a wake up
in Amman is like three dead bodies
floating in the pool there's like women
and hang it upside down on the staircase
and I'm just like what the funds go
along more but I'm looking forward to
going to see my mom and I just said like
I really did not want to miss her
birthday whatsoever so I'm gonna fly
home see ya give her a present I don't
know she'll get a present I don't even
know what to do oh my god leave your
comment down below I should go I totally
overlooked this well I'm really a late
night shopping for a present for the mum
so if you guys have enjoyed today's vlog
guys makes you leave a like rating
subscribe to see more random stuff that
happens in my life this is just like a
daily vlog documentary style of shin
aliens and and alcohol and losing money
of my life so if you guys have been
enjoying it so far let me know in the
comments and yeah we'll do a plane
traveling vlog tomorrow hopefully you
guys will enjoy that because everyone
seems to love the the ones about travel
on planes and stuff but this time will
not go business class for anything
because
it costs so much money I'm just flying
standard so you'll you'll see that style
of traveling so yeah it's gonna be
really awkward vlogging X to the person
like SAT right next to me shit make sure
you leave a like rating subscribe and
I'll see you guys tomorrow 6 p.m. UK
time for your face is being awesome
goodbye
