point of daily vlogging is the fact that
I was supposed to film my day it's 2
o'clock in the afternoon still not even
film that it's in so here's outside my
day cereal aka my maple syrup whatever
look how oatmeal I don't know has
exploded everywhere it's jism to all
over my god damn microwave great wait
stop they definitely made this one look
at it went everywhere and it just looks
like looks like baby puke like the most
disgusting thing to refer it to but who
is making all this noise outside my
apartment oh it's the bin men piss off
you noisy bastards who start this day to
be a good day please I lost the can if I
just got finished editing the video from
yesterday of me doing some csgo gamblin
and my it was just so good to watch all
but like my facial reactions have me
winning what just like watch this
playback you ready what oh no I thought
it lost and then four three two one and
flippity rude flip flip the rude Oh WI
just won two more knives
it seems so American I decided to pick
up jiff chocolate cheesecake and
hazelnut oh my gosh I've melted it just
so it pours onto this easyshare trying
to pour it oh my gosh yes oh my god yes
is what I'm talking about this is such a
better way to pour it on my go okay
that's way too much don't regret this
decision it smells so bad and I'm
watching her March do the pepper
challenge go check out even watch it
because I've done it so I'm watching him
doing it seems to be handled like a box
and goes where it belongs
hey it's a new mysterious package time I
didn't order anything so I don't want to
go shirts
razor thin moth legs that mean Xbox one
Wildcat sweet I can now play zombies on
my computer with the controller thank
you
this guy's license plate says I am b-boy
hopefully that means basketball not as
in I am a bad boy
so as it stands right now I have a crazy
headache but I'm stuck in traffic
because I'm trying to head to the store
boards snowboard snowboard shop dude
triads a snowboard shop now tries even
get some gear
Temari if I can't get it for tomorrow
that I think I might have to just say
fuck it I'm just gonna go get rental
gear again tomorrow rather than pushing
back a snowboard day trip so I really
really want to go tomorrow so I was
gonna go tomorrow so let's make it
happen
all right I think I made it to the mall
fingers crossed to have it's a Korean
model now that makes any difference but
everyone I spoke to you so far speaks no
English
okay so probably this is 110% the
correct place and all I need to do is
find the store I think you can see my
issue they all are in Korea just drove
all this way to get to this mall this
Korean mall all this way okay finally
got here as I get here I rang them like
okay I'm really struggling to find where
you are then went to speak to the guy on
the phone he says oh yeah we closed that
store we've moved to call the city which
is where I've just come from because
that's where I live bollocks
this isn't fair Google you failed me so
bad today man I gotta drive all the way
back where I came from in traffic seven
o'clock at night in LA all right I
finally made it's where I needed to be
and yes it was literally down the road
from my house I live in called the city
so that's fucking awesome good news is
there's a Best Buy there as well so I
will be able to in fact hopefully by
myself are you bitch those car parks
place about to buy myself a washing
machine whilst I'm here there's one
grade to something a bit more powerful
and impressive sell so you guys inside I
tell you something a parking stain upon
even though there's all this roots push
forward I'm just not gonna risk it
stretch now trying to find it I was
little about the vlog saying I just
can't find d4 and I turned around
there's the board shop I'm looking for
its dream boards about to go fucking
crazy and said I can't find it but the
love of testicles like I can't catch a
break today guys I just cannot catch a
break I went into the store and was like
hey this looks like a wait a minute this
looks like nothing but skateboards yes
it was all about skateboards the website
gave me the address - don't touch that
place where I just went to in Korea more
whatever and that was the snowboard shop
like the shut down and then moved to
here and decided that because there's LA
they don't need to tell so it's no goods
anymore nobody told me
we gave me the address of a place that
might sell some stuff so we're gonna go
there instead this is my final fucking
attempt for the night I'm gonna try and
find this place called Sport Chalet
that's where it's called I'm gonna try
and find this spot try and find god damn
snow boots snow boots and helmet if I
can't find it I'm just gonna go home
relax for the night and just chill the
fuck out without stress myself out
anymore and just rent the gear tomorrow
instead
fucking right there kind of even though
it says compact - no definitely not a
compact parked inside and then the sign
said go outside and hopefully it's gonna
be around here somewhere I'm talking
about it's right there especially Oh God
I found a fishing stalk you have no idea
how happy I am just to see a fucking
snowboard until the place closes so I
better hurry up Oh oh yeah look at this
alright so even straight away if I was
gonna pick one board out of all these I
think you would have to be this one this
looks well nice oh my god it's beautiful
does it say it's it but yeah burn oh my
god that's wrong I love it so we have to
get then the booze the board the helmet
and this bag ones I need someone to help
me there's no one here he worked here
alright so this is what we need gonna
take this board some bindings and then
is it yeah there you go yeah just twist
it when it's plugged in twist it and
pull it perfect this is the new board oh
yeah okay we're riding a banana boys
where's the picture there it is
literally riding a banana oh my god this
place has everything
could I get I've got to give a shout out
to Kevin at the desk absolute he's
helped me out I've got helmet got
goggles
they've got pants I got bored I got I
don't even know the code again I forgot
braces I don't friggin know something
like that I've got basically everything
that I need so tomorrow should be
absolutely awesome I've got a new type
of board so it should be weird to see
how that tries and
how it's gonna go it kind of like shapes
acronyms like that right so this is
Kevin Kevin thank you so much for help
talk me about boards how everything
works and it's just like I said I was
just gonna go into a store pick it up
off the shelf and just go yeah I go
there and try and sell it out but really
reciting out people like this appreciate
a lot dude thank you so much well I
think I got absolutely everything I
could possibly walk out the shop with
and this ladies and gentlemen is why I
got a 4x4 there you go look at that got
all my gear got all my stuff that's rock
and roll that is why a lot of people
like Kevin like Kevin is a fucking
legend leave a comment saying Kevin you
legend it if you ever go into Sports
Chalet in Corpus City ask for Kevin for
help because dude went above and beyond
answering every single question I had
was just really really kind in general
and just taught me stuff that I didn't
even know about snowboarding however new
I am some people might say oh don't go
buy all this stuff yet don't sat on your
board bought honestly like I want to
commit to it and Kevin gave me some
great advice and I have done so Kevin
thank you see you tomorrow sweet prince
a safe
just treat me well in the morning that
sounded like Beuerlein up to a one-night
stand I totally forgot to show you guys
what I got from the store like I know I
show you bits and box like the snowboard
and the boots poor I did get all this
wife say hello to my new helmet just got
a gyro helmet I look like an absolute
sausage with a helmet on bought because
I'd rather not die I decided that I've
got a helmet so yes I look like the
special person rolling down the hill
bought oh no Phil practicing and
learning I would rather wear a helmet
and risk nothing I'll still risk my back
breaking but I'd rather risk nothing by
wearing a helmet and being smart tada
now I look like the ultimate sausage
bought this is what I'm gonna look like
rolling down the mountains now it's
snowboarding my tits off let's use this
as like my example snowboard so I'm
gonna be like yeah bruh
what you want to roll the gnar you
wouldn't you wouldn't roll the gnar I'm
actually gonna go get my other goggles
so you can see him on second thoughts
all but thought I have no idea where I
put them you guys remember the issue I
was having last time when I was taking
my glove off and then filming and stuff
for that well I got some gloves which I
waterproof like best for heat and stuff
bought this silvery stuff vacancy is
good for touching iPhone screens and
stuff like that so I was like well that
seems like the perfect decision so
decided to get there and second vlog
whilst I'm boarding simple things now
sucks weird thing that I got is this a
stomp grip I didn't think about it but
basically just to put in the middle of
your board so when you're like moving it
along moving along move along basically
just hold it onto it you not just stood
on the middle of the board which is like
really slippy you basically can stand on
that and it's just got a grip so the
little school with some crossbones
pirate of the snow last but not least
last but not least I don't know I got
some actual snowboard pants this time
like big-ass legs and my flare pants at
the bottom I got gore-tex because it's
just a brand anona brand that I know I
can trust and it's waterproof as fuck so
and finally my boot is now I'm actually
not too keen on the bottom soles the
fact that they're brown bought a what if
my own boots that I could just be
wearing for now so I got these bad boys
and they've got one of the most amazing
designs on them so like that this is
like twenty one who snowboards this
isn't new it's just I've never sorry
before until this weekend but see this
toggle basically what you do is you
click it in I mean your foots in it you
tighten it and it pulls this wire the
entire way through gets tighter and
tighter and tighter and tighter
until it's like perfectly fit no messing
around with laces or anything like that
and to undo it just point outwards let
go it spins out and it loses it all up
you just do that and you can like loosen
it so it like spins pretty fucking cool
but yeah there's my boots my pants my
sucks my gloves stomp thing and of
course my fabulous helmet so really
looking forward to going again tomorrow
I need to go and top up with fuel so
that's gonna take me a long time because
I think I think I drove like 200 and
something miles until the last time to
get there so hopefully we can make it a
nice smooth journey again listen to a
playlist the music or an audio books if
you guys have got suggestions for any
good audiobooks and leave them down
below in the comments and I'm gonna
check it out but actually kind of like
that looks pretty sweet so yeah man it's
gonna be wicked my biggest mistake is my
goggles and my board don't match it's
blue and green looks pretty fucking
stupid so soon as I can I'm gonna get to
Ann Oakley shop get all Oakley goggles
and stuff like that and then hopefully
get to a DC shop and buy DC boots and
maybe a jacket we'll see how it goes
well it's 2 o'clock in the morning I've
got done streaming for 2 hours just
playing csgo lotto I am going to bed I'm
gonna have about 7 hours sleep 2 hour
drive in the morning to get to the
mountain and basically just gonna try
and shred the gnar and try and take a
second course after level 1 go do level
2 next and the crossed it just goes
smoothly so I will hopefully be GoPro
tomorrow so wait and see that
catastrophe of a fail for your faces get
ready for like a montage of falling
falling falling falling so I love you
all thanks for watching make sure Li the
white brain subscribe I see you guys for
my next look tomorrow yes
