good morning world Sean good morning my
friend we're doing this you tired little
man rider what do you know about that
grind get the video up for today man I
was up till half past two in the morning
edit in it Sean's appear now ed in it
before we go snowboarding so the grind
is so on before we go and start the
insane madness of a day trying to
perform vlog surgery and I walk in to
check on it just as we're leaving and
the freaking editing thing crashed I can
just only hope and pray that actually
works
well it's snowed overnight life of Tom
yes what are you doing right now it's
guys yes a lot just on the pod just wait
what an icy Bonnie yeah we have to get
the shot yeah now we had to get the shot
but that is like suicidal camera
tendencies right there this camera I got
the insurance on it
I've fall out broke it two or three
times already about of like five months
I'm not surprised
we're back already forgot my GoPro mount
dad Sean forgot his helmet and his
camera update on the brain surgery this
is going to take 44 minutes to edit
Jesus take two take three do you worry
about if you guys watch oh my gosh idly
why do I feel like we're in the movie
Everest that is
not doesn't look real
holy shit is the only way to describe
that right now we are in the thick of it
already this is avalanche territory
right yeah we're in a cave right now
lots of rock slides actually yeah rock
slides that's why man you can flip an
egg this is dangerous is help we need
the need the need for speed to get up
this little hill
nail bit of elderly
we tried that first time start rolling
backwards this is just not something
good we are on the top of the world
right now you can't see anything else
just cars parked or what laughs we made
it bro are you doing bye dude this is
yeah this is someone else
listen Devin I know you're kind of crazy
doing all sorts of stuff but this is on
a whole nother level dude yes we're all
about what I'm time there like complain
about taking a glove off for a second
and you're in one of those oh my
goodness show me this is sure this is
your vlogging camera camera $7,000 what
he's got calvin fiber kara yeah oh my
days same one from the Transformers
movies actually okay okay we get it
weird when the fast oh yeah change my
socks nice and warm we have got the
trike ready to go we don't even know if
this is gonna be as workable doable
thing we're gonna try it nonetheless and
I got the two snowboards snowboards
snowmobiles and sorry dude you have the
best beard hands-down I've ever seen on
the mountain and Shawn's doing snapchat
behind the scenes that is cold
this is probably three times as high as
well as snowboard before but I'm up for
a challenge and mum this song
SVA holy crap that brings back so many
memories
alright let's roll Oh mom oh it's cold
okay that was weird snowboarding on
powder Wow I slowly totally different
you ready you got a big smile in your
face oh my god this is what we're doing
because I we're totally gonna die how
much speed you not think we're gonna
pick up well we know he's 42 her to look
at a video for at least 40 miles per
hour for it to look good yeah I mean to
choose really hard
oh shit okay I've never done this before
so good luck thank you guys food and
have fun so here's the crew these guys
and here's the lineup
you have no idea steepness it's oh this
is gonna be hilariously fun don't like
that you don't only have one read you
have to got two rats we think our job
serious we're working with the best
watch Bunyan covers is this right now
hiding 50k acquitting Eugenia this
thing's a little bitch man it's crazy if
you like it where are we we bit my soda
powder illusion I expect I guess like
the kill time this is it's like nice
liquefied and then it just went to like
six I think any other powder yeah oh
thanks for the heads up man appreciate
that
well do anything that's not you oh yeah
yeah demon first run dude oh my gosh
this video is gonna be so awesome when
it comes out you gotta go check out on
damaged Channel
oh my days like we think we go a bit low
- what - slow this time next time we
gotta get some speed book apparently
yeah we were flying
I think I'm officially Amano I've got
snow in my bid I feel good about that
yeah the veils on I was doing a 360 down
spun out bailed Saunders the 360 barrel
roll I know Demi didn't even make it
down the bow
you just can't make this stuff up
this is what like worth living for man
honestly so this time we made it three
quarters the way down the mountain
but I did on my phone out look either
way this is so much fun I can no wait
you guys this is what we're doing boys
pedaling does Mary know Jeff I'm giving
it let's go
this videos yourself sick you're loaded
down this time I stood on the seat all
the way down this big hill do you really
do some gnarly Tristan
you know it bro come here oh man I
thought I'll leave it for my okay
fight what snacks we go you know track
you down the mountain you know nothing
usual yeah you know this is pretty
stupid Lee don't bull I'm I'm pedaling
down the mountain with 100 ear this dude
this is so sick
yeah well you're not try Chloe yeah
another hill another one another one
another hard trip yeah right this has
been one hell of a trip well enjoyed
it's so damn much more I can't wait to
go back up to top about it I just okay
we're moving down to base camp number
two which it's been going great so far
but I'm gonna try and snowboard down the
hill this time I'll just see how it goes
I know that route I know where to go
there's a few jumps in it which I'll go
pick up too much meat and fail but
mostly now that run with absolutely I
think I crash to the bottom so since the
guys at the top I was gonna shout potato
if I failed so I got the big run out the
way I was like nailed that time from
tail just bailed it was like but you
know what man I've been lied to my
entire time snowboarding in this powder
oh I'm in heaven this is where now where
we've got the main shots and we're
messing around with rest of shots so
we're doing it backwards Devin we're
doing it backwards
well that extreme you know when you're
in the middle of nowhere the snowmobiles
are not you don't expect to see a bunch
of these
hahaha these snow yes he's out there
dudes very nice to meet you all stay
awesome
oh are you surviving there yeah he's my
ginger snow is it
did I got a cousin who just looks
exactly like you nice so ginger like
lots of freckles I also cousin yeah and
he's up snowboarder right now haha so
he's gonna teach you all the tricks nice
on skis well hello from Utah yeah hello
from Utah where right now the view yeah
that's that's our piece you are you
showed up your camera this Cup I'm gonna
throw that camera away you get out of my
face can we swap yeah hey hey lady Jane
hmm I got is a camera me just just
vlogging my god I got a blog like that
from now on she did look to Casey to
board with it he did it we did yeah yeah
I have to do a massive shot in the vlog
to this guy right here
it cost off the course the cost of a
course blog to offer us just to powder
it down powder my look at that them
words I'm Tony thank you so much I'm
here in Utah come check out pattern
al-adha hold definitely come out here it
is beautiful so much fresh powder for
you to powder your board
I bought a your butter I go I'm just
doubling up all the wood screen good sir
thank you very much for happy I'm
impressed with this guy named boom but
can't wait see him I got I got a I got a
I got return the favor now so I could
get planning a trip to invite him along
too yes about shake-shake-shake Carlin
shark cage dive it might run to that
that's not that exciting bra fine you go
do your Super Bowl thing I don't care
well the days ended
lasted a lot of going the Sun is just
coming up over the horizon right now
it's a weird shot yeah dude I'm gonna go
pro going down hope it goes well first
time doing the rest of the run even
further past this so just wish me luck
hopefully go smooth probably bounce to
the ground a few times but hey that's
right some powder fingers crossed I
don't drop my phone here but Sean great
there right I just wrote out amazing
look at this so good look around just
fog yeah it's nothing but fog well I
just came down this mountain for the
first time the full thing didn't crush
your part from doing the powder which
I've never done before so I think that's
fine he dropped a really steep powder
hill like it was like that steep pure
powder dude you nailed it I can lift it
this is like I'm so used to like you
know the man-made like slopes
we got V everything super I see doing
this everything just feels so
comfortable and after the skateboarding
yesterday I feel so much more calm
feeling what let's go this boots in that
shoe in that rise and rise that's it
that's a good thing alright rougher this
was my hand is off fuck yeah Devon don't
put your shoes back on you know what get
him on I lost my last one I will put
these on I have yes I have you nothing
to do we whether missing what is I don't
we talk about don't we talk about
Supertramp when we're close ups know
what but 3,000 meters high sheesh
well I guess this is how you know it's a
good day of snowboarding show him do
that shredded an are so gnarly that you
now tremolo that you are shred master
shred buster yes anal beads that's it
for the day we're done next night
there's gonna be night this money but
the fine Monday how my channel alright
stay tuned
yeah I'm gonna become doing a call out
the day it comes out we got notification
there but make sure you go check out hey
look we're in sandals oh I'm not gonna
kid if you look fabulous
you know what Rob that takes balls balls
of ice cold steel Sean gave me a hot
yesterday a brand new DC hat I forgot so
I'm having to just walk around like this
just wear a helmet just to keep my ears
warm is absolutely for a reason what can
I do let's start this engine is
dingleberries is so cool but we need to
get this heating on ASAP
goodbye my fair ladies love you too see
you later
let's travel off into the middle of
dinner how the hell are you supposed to
know where to go I don't I just drive
until we watch something oh there's a
baby this way you know we're just gonna
slide down the ice yeah
I'm getting ready to jump out this
window I'm keeping it open I do not feel
secure this is like being on a roller
coaster right now would you just look at
that view sorry is totally fine but it
makes it even clearer that is
unbelievable how beautiful is this right
now like his mouth is either side of us
I just French snow everywhere and
there's amazing value other ones right
here Wow what oh my gosh I love this
place
oh yes hey les you don't even know dude
yeah let me tell you right now well 10
out of 10 will Pizza factory again
that's good
all right let's see I'll be a fair
rating system ok bring it on
so yesterday's what almost didn't go up
on time but this like this guy right now
Craig thank you so much for doing it
won't change anything
this time sure anything else she can
walk rate my newest best friend Thompson
became BFFs now I owe an Iowan so much
for getting that vlog up he uploads it
to the pile did everything so if you
would have done that your guys's vlog
would have been like talking and then
you say hi my name is Shawn dirt that it
is it was just show up it was terrible
so yeah I guess is very good she's got
that service I'm smoking hi Morgan and
the other way interested like you did
she she ran off every time we talked to
you I said get out of face I'll get some
excuse me there little one what is this
you've got on your wrist oh you didn't
have to do and I knew she was a fun but
come on look at this I told and just put
it on the baby like five seconds ago
she's looking she's so freaked out she
little bit gonna keep it yeah yeah sure
she says
and this is it just just go read oh wow
wow okay let's try this one again and
pretend I didn't already take a bite out
of it look at exactly cover that one up
well okay apparently this is a
breadstick rating that I should give a
ten so I'm going to try it the first
time ever
that's a solid nine give it only bet now
did you
Oh change his game you got a little bit
on your lips just wipe it off okay let's
see if this raises it to a 10/10 run
charts is great with it so while she's
guys got basic pepperoni
she's had to go I said I literally just
looked at the meat section and I went on
every piece of meat on this pizza and
she said it's the manly speech she's
ever made so we men we did good kids we
did good dude did I like a pizza yeah
all right I'm gonna get the pizza and
the bread rolls I'm give it a 9.5 all
right there we go there we go okay I
think I think that I think you could
have done with a bit more liveliness and
they're not being busy just a bit more
you know to it but so I'm gonna give it
a 9.5 food was solid and negative point
five because they gave you too much to
drink to be nonstop this is not coke
this is Dr Pepper but just just look at
it
I can't I just walked out of a piece of
restaurant and it's so nice I cannot get
over how incredible his views about
kicking back yeah yeah just kicking
violence on each in the way home bruh
yeah I'm continuing the ongoing thing of
looking like a potato also a banana
pineapple curry English right now
a pineapple so this is the gaming setup
again so damn cool and we're just gonna
kick back for the rest of that now I was
gonna look at my watch but I'm not
wearing one
we need a silicate original watch and by
the way if you haven't got one of these
wristbands look at it
syndicate original wrist bands always
get to one looks cool - what school
bought link down the description for
that poor I know that shameless plug
right there but we have a streaming out
for a few hours kicking back and just
enjoying playing video games cuz we are
exhausted yeah okay you okay yeah yeah
oh come on Oh Oliver
she's so dig good night is it good I've
never seen a kid so stoked for this kind
of movie
Oh
hahahaha dad's work Wow oh my god I love
video games watch it just look at them
playing video games and streaming what
we got good pizza because we are wizards
team wizards and oh my gosh are you
ready
mmm-hmm this makes me happy in the pants
yep what the flippin heck this woman has
flaming breasticles oh she's that oh my
god I'm so hot
it's just that fire she's got no nipples
what hell's going on so I'm not only on
this trip of I learned how to skateboard
a drift it's on what was it what we call
him again
try drift trikes I've snowboarded powder
and now I'm learning how to kick ass as
a team on smile we are good and we added
we are team who isn't what are we team
who is that it's six o'clock in the
morning I just had a nosebleed and I've
got to started in the vlog I really
really don't want to do it cuz I'm
stupidly tired so I'm just gonna lie
down here for about ten seconds and just
rest but I've had an absolutely amazing
trip I am so tired leave a comment
saying snow powder is powdery snow fun
if you don't have the plows to plow life
there you go you can work out was a
comment your legend but you can tell how
tired I am so thank you very much for
everything and
