6:50 in the morning holy crap am I tired
did not get a lot of sleep but its
fingers crossed I make you on the plane
and would you look at that I made it to
the airport and no I'm not on my flight
which I should be right now the payment
process for my flight didn't go through
for Shump some shenanigans or another
did it go through so now I'm no longer
final that airline because they said
yeah we can next get you in there but at
4 o'clock how 4:00 in the afternoon of
which I'm supposed to be there by 12
noon so I'm going to Delta right now to
see if they can get me there any sooner
which on the website they said they
can't so fingers crossed
ok so I've made it to the airport now
sweet made it into the game got 2 hours
to kill just gonna sit back chill on
Netflix and chill I'm gonna Netflix and
chill at the airport everyone has a
problem with that
go fuck yourselves we're located
interested looking breakfast I totally
shower just walk down the road and got
this goddamn breakfast bagel Wow
I really want some chocolate crunch ah
what a chocolate brown any more than
anything so I'm gonna hum one down Chuck
what back I find dried mango I found
popcorn
I got close I found brownie brutal I've
never tried those people but I might get
it just to try it ah and of course a
healthy drink I'm gonna go for and naked
but they've got ones that I've never had
before do I risk it
I don't know how field is I'm playing it
safe
my little mango good decision what the
park they have a dog bakery in this
entire farmers market area
I've got down dog biscuit station I
don't I don't even know what this is and
I don't want to know what's better than
chocolate brownie brittle chocolate hot
nurse
well I genuinely felt they're gonna tell
me then that the I didn't have my flight
on my seat look like what I can tell you
is I've been working with a company
called tiny Cal which has been working
with Marvel to make a mobile game now
what I can tell you is it's a city
building game featuring a bunch of your
favorite Mapple heroes and I may be
incorporated in there somewhere as we're
going to school and what your guys aim
to do is to help him get through school
and the Academy to become the best of
the best to fight Hydra hail Hydra what
is that but in the game that I'm in a
contest to find an in-game mascot up
until the 26th of February so if you
want to be part of Team the Ultimate
Marvel team on my team you've got to go
and vote for the legends if you do it
screen shy at me and I will personally
thank your face if you do play the game
and we end up winning then we get our
hands on what I believe is a superior
Iron Man character so I'm gonna be doing
that and the width is that as this has
been going on like speaking with this
company I've been watching the entire
animated Avengers Assemble series on
Netflix so I'm completely hooked on the
wall and everything so it's gonna be
nice to see a twist of the characters
basically going through high school and
just being like cool kids and on that
note and there's still secrets hidden
surprise in there including me so you'll
just keep your eyes finem for that but
nonetheless guys links will be down in
scripture if you want to check it out
then please go ahead and do so and I'd
really appreciate you supporting me on
this one because you know I'm kind of
involved in it and I can't wait to you
guys to notice what it is but I'm not
gonna tell you what it is so if you know
what it is leave a comment saying I know
oh yeah this is why I love America just
laziness at its peak I honestly could
not believe all these mountains around
the airport I thought it was landing in
like
I appreciate that
waited to Salt Lake City so this trip is
getting even better okay so if you don't
know what I'm doing I'm out here Anders
and Devin Supertramp tomorrow
we're filming like a super cool awesome
just like dangerous yet dangerous
video involving snow trikes that's what
I'm gonna say as you'll see it like four
other day and when it comes out like
next week you guys gonna have to check
it out but me it's runners today we're
gonna try and do the trifecta
we're unit we're SS skatepark bringing
guns to escape I got four hours yeah for
indoor surfing there's an indoor wave
okay snowboarding tomorrow and it's noon
already like you've been snowboarding
but ahead deep 20 inches of powder so if
I'm gonna take you snowboarding you
can't ride a lift you have to write a
snowcat like with those giant like snow
tanks yeah they take you up the mountain
where no one's gone
you go and you just go wherever you want
I am so down for this this was the best
decision I'm so glad this pond out and
fingers crossed we just just don't die
everything should be good my sauce I was
like yeah chief lay sauce but I was like
what say you tarean I made up a word
what's a you terian so let's do it
I think this guy's just spiked shoulders
apparently she wanders he's like what's
this one called Koopa goodbye I know you
okay it's so suspect right now I don't
trust these upset dude - are you okay
watch this extreme don't seem nice koopa
do a 360 360 whoa GG dogs
I am trying this immediately right it's
really good for that in my cereal it's
really good but I don't know i don't i
don't know what's a comparator apart
from heaven look at this I've trained
this dog already you're 60 oh my gosh
this is exactly what I want to do so
right now we're going through injuries
look who I found
oh my god the man the myth the legend
Devin Supertramp thank you very much for
inviting me along this trip like you're
behind the scenes and we're gonna be the
the people who die or get collar bones
sticking out yeah so just wish me luck
for tomorrow because it's gonna be just
not well look at this look you I phoned
Casey's camera I'm just joking it's his
camera this this is pretty much what
case you have to carry around every day
it is the in it right okay fairness this
is the ultimate vlogging self if you put
a mic on the top of it as well
the ultimate vaugant setup bought me I
am NOT swole enough to carry this around
although so I'm just gonna leave it okay
Devin right yeah as a professional okay
now you tell me which setup is better
Saunders to set up on myself
you know what screw your video market
what do you think of it give it give it
a review this is this is this is the
Thom Syndicate camera set up for when
I'm doing cooking or this to me is a
joke
you'll see tomorrow Devin's camera
weighs 80 pounds it's like it's like
carrying a microwave around I am
officially like the worst quality
vlogger but I thank you guys so much for
watching my videos I just got rekt by
like the best okay so we're gonna play
the bomb defusal game let me know how
you play it but we're about to try maybe
so this is the video you're gonna have
to check out and uh Sean's channel this
is we were like yeah we're gonna play
video games time I was like great look
we get to eat candy no if we fail at the
defusing the bomb we have to eat an egg
an egg take a shot of this baby alright
so yeah when this video goes I'll make
sure to link it but this is gonna be
yeah I don't know if they so bad and
your first of I'm calling you out cuz
you are American and gave me this wallet
because he said I had a fat wallet now
you guys are accusing me of it this you
to money this one it's a wallet the law
don't carry your business cards did my
carries my carries my cards my money and
my receipts
eight Americans well we played the first
round and let's just say you'll have to
check out the video to see how it goes
and nobody just it's always surprised
you have to watch a video on his channel
but oh my god let's just say it wasn't
great the little doge doesn't know what
to do is like why there's so much paper
my baby I'm not showing you what's going
down both my oh my how you enjoying it
so far I'm up next so wish me luck boys
listen I'm gonna walk you through this I
believe we can do it four modules on the
bomb we have five minutes do this video
holy crap okay so Sean what was your
role these shoes Don't Tell next year
okay I need used to do this put people
like DC for example so let my dream
everything here like DC shoes DC board
DC codes I'm wearing his coat and Hicks
I'm so cold right now but like he's like
yo it says you size 8 and he's got all
these shoes that don't fit him he's like
you can have them I'm like like you're
by hero the swag is too strong right now
shirts shoes hot stickers and look at
these gloves I feel like no like a
Batman's gloves or something this is a
dough board yeah naturally by really
it's a it's a fighter it's true cool
yeah what's on the back I see DC don't
think we are doing surfing tonight it's
a bit too late boy we are going to in
skateboarding so
probably gonna break my rest of
something but we'll see how it goes and
we've made it to Crossroads this is your
like local joint yeah your place dude
there is like that's gonna do so many
tricks I'm like yeah it escaped this
should be fun that boot right there is
my dream DC boot oh my gosh so much swag
I'm gonna watch you were oh you do all
oh yeah bro yeah it's just me and Shaun
you've got this all to ourselves it's a
bit of a waste because I don't stable
skateboarder or anything so it really is
a waste book this is awesome
now apparently Shaun is amazing so I
cannot wait to see what he's got I'm
about to get very very impressed that he
yeah
Oh fail
alright update as to what I'm doing I
have so far just been rolling up and
down the ramps no the big ones just like
this and down just to try and get used
to it
kind of doing it wait alright so right
this is first step being tall is just
roll down and roll back that's it so by
rolling back you're backwards so it's
kind of like a mind game aha
there it is alright let's let's double
dog dare um do the big dude try the
bigger one he hasn't tried it yet which
one's the big oh wait this one oh
alright first try let's see do
okay so down this one and make it to the
top of that first trial see ya what
high-fives
oh yeah you can dig just believe in
yourself Shawn Gus oh my god dude the
Arum that was in save you get myself I'm
dude dude man high-five to try how we
are skating around dude tom is killing
it
he's make sure he's around all day
yeah he hasn't done this one you done
this one yet okay well hold on Milan
this is like crazy steep that's all
leave this we'll get up it's got a full
o rolling around they don't think I'd be
rolling up things I thought you were
crushing it the myth the legend you can
do it you can do it try to be as far as
I can to just like talk over the audio
so I don't get copyright strike this
music you go
we drop unveils throwing father drop
nice save you can do this point believe
in a drain believe we tried mine you
find the dedication of emitting this
trick right now is out of this world so
much respect for it so much respect bond
dude how you can take these Falls so
easily is it somewhere in mind what's
got for us
what's got first ooh boo killer
oh dude that's going though just not me
from under my feet or anything oh my god
oh my god I'm like gobsmacked by what I
saw I'm gonna try and blog this with my
left hand which I never film with going
down so this is the end I would use to
push off with and everything so this is
just gonna go very wrong
homebody be freaking out my new
skateboard well the skatepark
is definitely a good decision glad I
glad I did it just glad I came out to
Utah tomorrow hasn't even begun yet yeah
and this has been yeah sweet babbles
yeah I'm gonna do it one more run of
each one and then that's it for today
but Matt this has been fun never really
skateboard before in my life apart from
you know just putting it down and then
just pushing it and getting around never
foot what I thought everyone down it
doesn't look see when you do it it feels
very steep so I just going down this has
been like so much fun and I'm just
feeling really stoked to do it this guy
is trying to learn the tricks so bad
well absolute pleasure skateboard in
here I cannot be more thankful enough
for this bike cannot wait to come back
I'll definitely make sure it happens
until next time goodbye
totally just forgot that we're not in
California I thought I thought I was
still in LA I could quit dude I zoned
out was having that much fun and I walk
out and it's snowing and then I go
snowboarding shout-out to crossroads
skate shop thank you so much you're ever
in Utah swing by Tom's syndicate says he
loves them you know it sounds amazing
right now what thanks to your
recommendation I don't know if I'm about
to kick off in this I hope because that
is not a hot chocolate it's scared of it
that is not if that is is this a hot
chocolate ice this world's smallest hot
chocolate look at
playing guitar scary a little bit too
much icing oh my gosh all right I did
just try it by so this is not my first
attempt for I'm gonna do first attempt
on video if you guys look at out velvet
pancakes do not eat any more food so I
decided to play with my food ladies and
gentlemen the creme de la creme of
America maple syrup honey bacon and just
random yes yep that's what we do is the
boots right right okay daddy out baby
sausage dogs gone from truly food
Coleman right now obviously you're a
star food was cold but it was actually
really tasty just cuz my pancakes are
amazing so I hop in Ogden you get a
solid 4 out of 10 sorry it's all you're
getting
that's it yeah wouldn't it I hope again
the hot chocolate is actually really
good I'm gonna give that go give it a 7
out of 10 the pancakes a 9 out of 10 and
the rest of it 3 out of 10 this guy
thank you very much for keeping the
store open to skateboard and Daddy good
for my first day absolutely
there you go if I'm ever back in town
I'll come to this store and see ya he's
the general manager yeah we better get
some free board you know I'm saying he
won't race brah I'm gonna write Z read
the ledger broke ribs around you bro oh
yeah we got a little yo the race are you
ready you ready you ready you ready
spaghetti home oh we reverence Oh
fit I'm pumping fuck so fast you're all
so good to get in bed I am so beyond
tired thank you for letting me stay over
we always have tons of people to crash
at the space station so I just have four
mattresses chillin and then if there's
four people staying over we just like
spread mouth if there's one person they
just get the King I am the king of the
bed right now Kayla it is currently 12
26 a.m. nope that's a lie I'm an hour
ahead knowing timescale where it's 1:30
in the morning basically and I have
still not been to bed we've got to get
up at 7:00 to head off to go
snowboarding and snow tracking which I'm
gonna be doing 7-7 super s'what with
Devin Supertramp so that video that we
would be making tomorrow is gonna be
coming out like next week so I want you
guys to get super stoked for it but I'm
gonna put a link in the description down
for the Marvel game so if you guys want
to check it out I'll be absolutely
awesome let me know what you think of it
I don't forget screen shy at me if
you've downloaded that be awesome I'll
be able to thank all your faces for the
support and I'm looking forward to you
guys seeing what like the little secret
of me being involved in the game is a
few of you heard about on the live
streaming was stoked about it but we'll
have to see if a few of you spotted but
like I said I'm gonna link down below
shonduras his channel where I'm gonna
link the the bomb video that we did it
sounds so random to say the bomb video
but it's the bomb defusal game it was
just really fun really epic and we did
that with Devin Supertramp sound
shonduras and myself and hopefully it
comes together really really cool for
you guys to watch I'll put a link down
there make sure you go check it out I
love you guys faces I'll see you
tomorrow at 10 a.m. for my next vlog of
which should be an amazing amazing vlog
so I'm gonna be on the mountain all day
which is just reminding me to recharge
my GoPro thank goodness but I will see
you guys there
thanks for being awesome thanks for just
being you click that subscribe button to
never miss a video and leave a comment
saying Tom you shred the gnar no nard
that are our gnar gnar
