it is the morning after the night before
that's what we always say us are not
drinking and doing debauchery I don't
even know the word means but it just
sounds cool nonetheless it is half past
12:00 in the afternoon and I need to go
I'm streaming one o'clock and raise this
done so it's time for us to adventure to
see yes and we made it
oh the queueing begin literally with
about 30 seconds to spare I got to where
I need to be
here's free mr. zombies and I have two
viewers watching some reason this entire
chat does that mean chaos is telling me
that there's more than two people both
I'm now gambling in csgo Boop to try and
get myself a not just wasting more money
by trying to get one even though I have
the most amazing image reddit will
continue on the whole football arms
this is the entire chat laughing at me
because I have had all these Blues in a
row my gosh this is not going well for
me too different thanks one that's what
my school plus one if I don't win shit's
going down immediately three to five
Josh about 103 to
right we prayed great but nothing just
upstate must shout to Chris over here
Chris Rock in a syndicate OG swaggy with
a t-shirt and he's got the wristband as
well I was like Stephen realized is
these line yards in the way but I was
like this guy is absolutely homey so
thank you very much you swingers do
appreciate this is why I josh is the MVP
right now it's nearly 20 plays 20 plus
for the vlog is six hours late and Josh
probably pizza while some sign here
editing us this work
NEADS my brick row me Bruno me what he's
gonna brownie le got my vlog edited from
yesterday and up like I said only six
half I was late how you doing we're
ready for the dead continue I'm resting
right now because I'm either gonna drink
alcohol tonight I'll relax but I don't
know if I'm gonna gamble anymore I don't
know I don't know look at this surprise
surprise were I don't know the coup at
CES isn't this a shock oh I just find
out the slow mo guys are in town so
hopefully gonna try me over them and
drink the alcohols we've rested for
about ten minutes
vlog uploaded happiness LA and now we're
heading for food a bus that's great I
didn't know frizz owned a restaurant she
boy it is al food time and what drinking
forgetting this is what's drink that
you're going on about showers going for
a sour day lane with our ale be quick
soured oh nice alright we're trying it
got a little baby sample already
looks so good so good it's really good
it's really good oh that's not that nice
how does a big a splitter you look like
a manly man drink that you look like a
goddamn lumberjack
I'm telling up right now however you
look like a posh sour man a salamander
he was your Viking and I got rasa
coca-cola my father died something I
have to try
dragon cap the amount of nachos my god I
went out on a limb to get this and this
looks like exactly what I want ice white
shrimp out so good this is so dumb good
oh my god we're looking at the policy
tonight in Vegas and nalli it means like
gypsy have longer be wearing them
glasses he looks like he's wearing them
amen you would buy some boiled water
four dollars four dollars so right now
we're stepping away from black all
regular we don't need real ever playing
and you want you wanna get it seven cuz
it isn't lame
that one all right so Big Willie over
here this legend is teaching it how to
play craps never I've played it before
but I'm not that good but I'm expecting
Willie to win me a lot I'm going to sky
Williams won seven grand from $50 so I'm
going to follow in his footsteps so I've
made all these bathrooms but look these
are the five ball bats everywhere and
don't really know you hit it over yeah
I don't know what I get I win I won't
try $2
yeah I guess I want money okay all I'm
saying is let's just try and win
something here because this is $200 I've
just put on the line there's a find out
back who's hitting it actually put 250
on one kind of wonderful oh yes I just
won $300 yeah let's go ahead you can
keep going
just do this you do this you're fine
yeah you just want me six hundred five
dollars you're getting once we do this
it's fine this game is fucking insane I
was down oh oh oh no I know I just come
on knotted me to dress not oh shit well
anyway I just won even because holy shit
so now we're up 400 we gotta win what do
you do I'm at one thousand one hundred
and eighty seven dollars right oh yeah
oh my god I don't know to do I don't
know I don't know old razor at the table
right now I don't know today I genuinely
don't know what to do alright just
because we're up I don't know I doing
this for the sake of I need a toilet I
decided to double the result of all
double book double everything so if we
hit anything but the fat lucky number
then I think we win apart from the ones
as well I know three of us so
this would be nice so I'm saying to be
nice
we're good
and I just look at all these bats good
so we're good I have honest-to-god no
idea like some of the statistics like I
want $1400 and I don't know how I just
won that hey I really hate this computer
just reset oh yeah blue screen of death
yeah mister his computer for sure
alright so crap she's blowing the line
right now time $1,100 Oh in profit on
the table and I am three thousand
dollars up from yesterday so it's been
over everybody it's been a complete win
so far I am pretty stoked
well my god I was a magician with us the
highest actually made on this entire
table if I end up with this for the
record that's the highs of the way yo-yo
yeah so Travis is the roll
Travis is the roller whee whee we're
rolling
oh we're ballin oh oh we're rolling
oh we're rolling Travis we kill it but I
win again
we win got all skins no skill holy shit
almost closed up right now what is up I
thought I just lost everything what is
going on ah the new high score is 2000
Ramona Oh Jen you have no idea what he's
gonna now be really big really leave
whenever really really oh shit I am
smiling so much right now not because I
wouldn't want the money because I hit
the 13:37 and this is this is big really
big really big really the legend that
made is like like two thousand nine
hundred dollars Taniya
who's Rosa dies
oh yeah and viva la revolucion I was
shouted every handy through one of money
like tonight has been insane so we were
over at the machines and some came over
she was like excuse me sir we see you
and SWAT machines tampering with it we
want our money back we have to withdraw
your winnings I was like what the fuck
and all the sudden it turns out it was a
funny just had a lanyard trolling me Vic
said oh we are over and it's nice oh
yeah say hello tells me that yeah is she
really okay that was awesome
basically a game it was like yeah we
want to win him back I was like bro
check security cam I didn't anything
turns out flammable I know Don Frank to
me I was like we're good oh no I'm not
taking a selfie I'm filming or this is
the fucking guy right here Zak was going
I did we rolling we're like rolling and
vlogging here Wow
vlogging the casino and everyone's crazy
so for the 20th time tonight they were
like hey guys want to go to titty city
I'm like I know I'm going to bed and
they were like want some drugs
I'm like what no unfortunate series of
events happened after the last clip you
saw I went to lost all my money on
nothing I can't do holy shit that's five
grand
annually can i express how crazy playing
craps is that's always the table that
you see everyone's screaming and
cheering out you know that's the way you
throw and roll the dice but we decided
to play on that electric machine and
shit just cut absolutely crazy it was a
really really awesome night didn't drink
too much like really didn't get drunk at
all just really enjoyed chilling out
relaxing friends doing a bit of gum when
everyone on the table everyone from
raises that we with here today this
weekend one everyone won money it was
absolutely fucking perfect
need to do a big shout out to the main
homie that has kept me alive the past
four days and it's this one bag of
cheetos like one of them party size bags
and these are stale as anything but I've
been walking round my room with this
non-stop eating them because every time
I walk walk walk walk up I'm a wake up
and I'm like I'm dying I need food I
just find the bag of cheetos eat some
and get on with my day i'm gonna be
yellow teeth but i'm not dying at least
god what is going on with my eyes book i
have to express this right now i'm
trying
to get on top of the daily log and gain
the vlogs up on time for your faces but
it can be very difficult because when I
am out stood on a shoe when I'm in the
UK all right I can vlog vlog vlog or you
can do whatever I want and I can get up
the next day and the vlog doesn't have
to be up to 6 p.m. UK time whereas on
the well I'm in like California LA Las
Vegas the vlog has to be up by 10 a.m.
for it to be up on time for you guys now
that means if I go out drinking all that
sauce if I got to wake up get it edited
or edit it but when I'm still drunk so
you have to bear with me if the vlogs
come a bit late and I'll keep Express
expressing this as much as I can but
tonight we're going out to hopefully a
concert with Bogle at like a club and
we're gonna get a table and bar out and
it's gonna be awesome so this overall
weekend we're up money and we're gonna
go celebrate with part of them winnings
we're gonna keep a good chunk of the
winnings but we're going to go out with
part of the winnings get a table get
drinks and just enjoy being at CES with
razor so guys thank you very much for
watching hope you enjoyed if you have
make sure you leave like rate subscribe
and adios to your face
