man I drank more all last night and I'm
so tired i got like no sleep I don't
know why just wasn't feeling it and oh
yeah I found out what's outside that
window it's a fucking train track oh
nice and fresh member you guys I always
like oh I want to get him drove in 450
pounds yesterday well today instead away
in 154 I weigh 148 down I lost that much
weight sleeping sweet but a hotel room
you did me good kid I hope I've got
everything and I'm not left anything
this I do like I destroyed that bed I
just rolled around and all night not
being on sleep so scissor if there's
anything I'm gonna stay wait a minute
what are in treats a compliment well i'm
still in all that course i'm taking one
match with me cuz look how big it is if
that knows could be more annoying it
would be the fact that i have another
300 meters oh yeah i've got miles to
walk whilst whistling to this squeal
despite John to die reasons why is Tom's
upset 10 11 I didn't get much sleep to
fuck i didn't get bitch sleep man I
didn't wake up this one and go swimming
I'll get on the DJ color card machine
cry every time next time my sweet prince
next time I'm going to feel you in
Braille buying it felt good I'm stray
old like a vulture right now I
completely missed breakfast but Angelo
Cuzzi said Angelo's looks so good to me
I still always dry toast of his way and
now I'm stealing his dry bacon
story of Alan story of Angelo
essentially so good smoke apple bacon Oh
goodbye hotel oh my god American flag
and a California white and palm trees
can it get any more American than this I
don't think so but his squad we're all
rolling in style well I like super
businesses hey listen you guys always
want to know why I do a three BD this is
the ship we do secret meetings Mugen
going seeing the president is that true
or is that false being mellow with
yourself cuz this is cozy buzzing you
Marcos and uh yeah yeah I'm great now
that is one hell of a cool marvin avenue
chess club of a chess game chess on
wheels this is absolutely crazy we're
inside the compass but it's got like a
mini hidden city in it right it's got an
on-site burger shack and then this is an
on-site arcade too much Sun cool off in
here okay
place is awesome that's mine that's my
food right there are you it's a
four-horse soundtrack teach others out
on side compass hot dog fries milkshake
offer free hilary this place is called
Phil's look is supposed to fill up here
okay this compass is blowing my mind now
that it's a goddamn Bank and apparently
like this is something is a dentist and
that's a fucking hair sullen it's all
free this is amazing what exactly are we
looking at hips three place Jesse the
Pacer okay okay this is what happens
when you bring a homeless guy to a
meeting like Judas it's a prop not a
prize to prop get out this guy that is
the very persons from post well whatever
this is I want this in my life okay what
we didn't know cuz it's actually
touching oh my god that is amazing
quickie zoom in what oh my god zip into
my homies this is why you don't bring me
to me and I just play with things like
you're running a spinach look at what I
thought we were about to get on the
pedal bikes but psyche we're getting on
the bus hello good discern okay this is
pretty damn good it's got built-in radio
yeah wait I feel like I'm at Universal
Studios
and it is perfect Oh God whoa so what
wait what's this come on tour guide come
on come on it's all good right what is
it what is it what is it Facebook
building funny-facebook building 20 wait
where's the other 19 talk about open
plot facebook is not fucking around here
this is awesome I'm getting even more
and more confused as we go along the
book look at that will hacking station
over there they're actually told to sit
down just had things and see what we can
do and this is food okay this is good
this is more food and then this is a
whole food all they can be food all day
all different types of it going asian
mexican food and they get salads I'm
pizzas oh my Luke no homeless people
allowed man get out oh wait oh wait is
this your homeless so you don't have to
get a real plate
what the heck is this so how does this
work now it's too late I'm filming all
the things no no it's three stories up
bullshit I've only got ten percent back
to the fuck oh and it's hot oh it's hot
emergency defibrillator of course can we
go out here too with the largest rooftop
gardens in the world that's pretty sick
this is pretty damn impressive you know
what facebook Matt Matt your Mac Mac
Zuckerberg you did go get some chicken
this is absolutely incredible to say
it's like a mile long like garden on top
of the building this is how big is and
all that over there see all that
buildings and try and not get kicked out
here while squawk on the grass all that
over there that's all facebook and so is
all this oh I never know when I'm gonna
wind up next we just like hey you come
in San Francisco with it I was like ok
now i'm at facebook this place gets even
more awesome check this out you saw a
barber's in a dentist before there's a
god damn sweet shop chance how come on
what open till 8pm every day oh he can
sneak in here like loads of rig loads of
candy it's got built an ice cream vendor
machine
even though I got ice cream right now
I'm so upset because Luke basically just
made me give up my facebook visitor's
badge thanks Luke how is just my fault
appreciate that did you not notice when
she said hand it in i turned sideways
and then was like a charm your badge
thanks mate thanks thanks a lot fucking
home okay I need you whoa that right
that is awesome I'm gonna get my dad one
of them for the UK smaller than a smart
car but make sure you leave like right
if you when you eat ice cream juhi it's
like a miniature ice cream and you treat
if it's a brand new ice cream which is
tiny I love it I my friend don't even
know what that means but I like the
sound of it see you bro right made it to
the airport oh my god it's such a nice
day no way all right heading home but
we've got about three hour wait at the
airport anyway so tell me get some work
done where's Ruby Dee homies and then
commit to the flight I just want to sit
in the Sun no I have no idea where he
just went Jesse who worked ah where are
we san francisco airport was it after
SFX SFX just came over and said he
watches the videos like you watching
avanti said yeah i was gonna throw a
minute what I'm not too sure where you
just went Jesse if you're watching this
thank you very much for saying hello
you're a good guy get out of here you're
bloody hug yes right back off Luke
yes sir I when Ben took a ship one of
the guys who's like security checks for
the plane is to fight walked out the
cabin walk past saw me look back over
was like oh shit it's just a small world
of meeting people and this guy he plays
if they see us go he knows you optica
ce9 and all up he started out again
hooked up the first class upgrade
kicking back at the front we are heading
off very shortly back to LAX we're going
to get back and then at two a.m.
tomorrow the ecology dlc comes out so
I've got to get everything prepared for
live streaming and recording itself it
should be a long long night and
consisting of several power naps goodbye
San Francisco there's the airport we
just came from and having to sit here
try zooming
that little dot will got around there
just a new fur winner it's an app chance
god damn that is some turbulence and a
hover this get belted a little bit just
click back enjoy the ride the city of
Los Angeles one big festering circuit
board looking mother trucker and would
you look at that which is zoom really
far in that's the Hollywood sign I
really couldn't even see it for me what
up my way I was like what's that on the
hill oh that oh wait that's Hollywood
that view is actually to forming my mind
random
learning fire coming towards
he have prompted
Oh
touchdown
we made him see that look below me to
back to the apartment and good news i
got my package no we didn't get robbed i
just opened it finally got my credit
card back man you know when I went to
Vegas I got my credit card declined and
blocked so I had to get a new one sent
out to mooch is finally around so now I
can actually buy things i've been i've
been living on driving the line I've
been winning off my casino winnings for
the past like two weeks or three weeks
since I went to Vegas just to like buy
food go shopping buy plane tickets with
all that sauce stuff so now I have a
credit card so that's a great sign use
me mr. Oates is this some sort of sick
joke how the hell did it explode
underneath the ball what the fuck it's
only been in for 30 seconds and it
already smells like heaven now I am
staying in tonight cuz I'm absolutely
knackered from all the traveling and
everything that I've been doing cool I
got a text up Borgore asking me for what
it to go go-karting with him somewhere
that's like say 40 minutes away as I oh
that'll be fucking awesome so if i eat
feel energy inside me that I'm I go
go-karting with him he's illiterate x we
saying like go go-karting with him and
although the model so it's hard to turn
that down boy it's really far away where
wants me to go so I'm like ah I've
already done so much today so we'll just
have to see how tonight pans out I might
just end up in bed to be honest you know
is even more awesome getting in bed at
ten am falling asleep I'm waking up at
2am this is not impressive but now hard
four hours sleep I'm extremely tired the
new ecology dlc came out right now so I
can get up and play it bought it's two
o'clock in the morning so I'll just wake
up all my neighbors so I would go back
to bed guys and just end today's vlog
here it was adventurous enough anyway I
want to try and see if we can hit 50,000
like grains on steaks I think you guys a
beast mode and can do it so yeah whoo
you guys enjoyed my little random
adventure of doing sneaky stuff the next
couple days probably nothing just
because the DLCs out for cod so I may be
a bit tied up with that but obviously
I'm going snowboarding in Utah so that
should make up for it so thanks for
being you and I will see you guys
tomorrow for my next daily vlog make
sure you subscribe see you tomorrow and
goodbye
