is this some sort of sick joke it's
raining in LA what like what a good way
to start the day first on the phone my
bank for half an hour everything turns
out to be fine I don't see the issue my
flight is still going ahead to Southwest
the weather is terrible so that actually
might cancel my fucking flight to Vegas
and 2/3
I can't count before it's ready I
completely jinx does everyone in LA this
is my apologies raining
I brought the rain definitely with me
holy crap this is the plane I'm supposed
to be getting on and this is the queue
for the airline what the fuck
yep so my fight 11:20 was canceled
all right the series's events gets even
stupider and crazier after my flight
getting canceled rebooked I then got put
on standby so I went to the gate I got
on the phone whilst going to the gate
and they said you're on standby for next
flight
suite when I got to the gate they said
no all flights to Vegas
absolutely canceled and there's no
airline flying to Vegas today so I'm
like why is it one just fucking why you
either wait Josh and the guys at Razer
are halfway to Vegas right now which is
a 5-hour trip they're gonna turn round
and come and collect me so it's gonna
make for a pretty interesting vlog but
at the same time holy tits McGee is this
one hell of an adventure fuck I can
honestly not believe how bad the weather
is though it's like I've seen it rain
before in LA but it usually just gives
up after about an hour or something it's
still consistently raining
hey the weather absolutely canceled
everything so that address that I'm
going to now is to meet like my friends
halfway of where they are right now
that is absolutely crazy Wow it's like a
proper style minute
proper down style
we've aquaplane like 10 times alright
I've made it to in and out this is where
hopefully I'm going to be meeting up
with the razor guys to then continue on
the journey to get to Vegas they
literally turn round from they were like
two hours north they turn round drove
back all that way to pick me up like I
cannot thank these homies enough so
let's go find them we don't want you to
stand in the rain totally get wet what
the hell yes it's like monster
university but for burgers and it's
called in and out hey mare don't knock
my alma mater hey man
Oh since I'm saying oh my god Josh it's
a monsoon Josh it's a monsoon what was
it called
Elle isn't it LD and then yeah the ninos
here man me too
so yeah they were like hey we'll pick
you up in a limousine great
free candy time it is oh yeah oh yeah so
when so much to shite here and move its
way up to the back of the chair
then you're just found back here so it's
all oh hey you guys you ready for a road
trip
are you ready for a road trip yeah dude
this has probably been my most like
adventurously dramatic day still haven't
made ever RS at all yeah we've made it
to you know universe as far as men's
gonna be like what'd you guys do today
what the class to go to class so how
long is the actual drive now ah
considering that God doesn't want us to
get there and he's throwing everything
he's got out as probably four hours oh
shit
that's Dubois we can do this let's make
this the best trip ever
I'm gonna buy you all respectful ladies
when we get to Vegas turn that music up
do it oh we shall succeed guys I think
should stop at the alcohol factory on
the way fast is Inigo go and we have
swifty bob ross and then Travis and uh
look at this weather this is supposed to
be in California this is supposed to be
Los Angeles oh oh
shroud my hair wheel holy fuck what is
getting all right we survived in I'm
gonna make it we're gonna make it I hope
so I'm gonna make it to Vegas
oh my god definitely gonna say this
right now I'm so glad I'm in this car
rather than on a plane because I'll be
so fucking bored on a plane where this
is just like drama all around us yeah is
that over there every 51 there is it's
gone confirmed we said it we can't you
can't tell us though wait is that where
we're going is money my UPS girl fuck
fuck fuck
Travis is asleep
the family physician
that's the world's largest the moment I
don't know if it's still the largest but
up until like the 90s it was a world's
largest thermometer and here thought
that was a good idea
Baker yeah Baker oh man I wish my vlog
camera had smell-o-vision on it oh that
is oh that is so awful that little
girl's got her hand over ago it's that
bad
seriously we're seriously staying here
the bun by motel why
ie we're going to the country store
let's see what the country store sells
if there's no country handsome
disappointed Oh at this point no no dude
is this an anal toy this okay these are
all pretty weird but when you get up
here see you later
is amazing oh wait what the book this
dog gets better and better we've got
Martian poop next a bacon soda
Ranch Dressing maple syrup pumpkin pie
jellyboy and buffalo wing soda
what I couldn't not do it I got Celia
later javi banana I got every single one
of them so yeah we'll see how they taste
record I do not have I am the wisest
thing I can go chicken space tree okay
it tastes like like Chinese okay chicken
sauce ground with chicken yeah no but
it's like okay yeah text in Texas is do
me I know so far and these might be on
again and these pork cracklings I got
not spicy at all so damn good one it out
Oh young this car and help you is
nice we got pork scratchings we got
hurry Bo sweet Revo Haribo sweet and
we're on the web ha ha we got left like
an hour
arrivederci got about an hour to til we
get to Vegas
whoo oh I wish it was still daytime
because that's the big solar panel farm
area you totally can't see shit right
now on my phone but that's it right
there holy shit there's a fucking castle
you're always rude hurry that's where
I'm going tonight I'm gonna end up there
drunk I promise you fucking again this
is where I need to end up drunk I where
are we staying tonight not there where
are we staying
the first thing at the end gem which is
one of the nicest I'm gonna fuck it off
for this wizard place right here this is
where I need to be in life this you know
like when kids go to Disney Wonder this
place is made of dreams that is my dream
which women gambling and alcohol yes oh
well that van just parked right there
the second I wait to do this video for
we've made it to the MGM Grand
let's start this chaos now whoa oh we
missed the UFC oh wait we did oh I don't
got to see that dude they stole my logo
I'm assuming staying at the MGM Grand
are we sharing rooms why not what do I
adieu and Georgian hotels our view of
reviewing with Tom yes I always do this
every Hotel we go to so we try to be
quick super fast or review we top we
have a wardrobe and Harryhausen I had a
shelter that that's cool we're staying
at the MGM Grand and this is a double
something sweet I don't know we have one
bed comfort level very comfy Axl that
that is a solid score I don't think I
need you down the other bed soon as my
Charlotte and the same bed we have a
desk you have a chair we have a table we
have a chair ever like we have an AC
unit the view is actually quite nice but
I'm not gonna show you guys so no one
ends up turning up outside my hotel room
and I'm like go fuck yourself everything
is cool here this right now I'm going to
show you what this is this is magic but
it's not the good kind of magic you see
this you're like oh that looks nice I'll
just pick these up and have a look at
what they look like or you know like a
what Suzhou that I'll read it when you
want to OB see that wire at the back
this is a pressure-sensitive purchasing
device thing so when you lift off one of
these evil
you just lift them off to touch them or
look at them it will charge it instantly
to your rooms so approach if you have
the same Vegas
don't touch the condiments this is the
minibar ghetto is there you can see how
do we get in it and same with this if
you touch any of these see the black pad
it's on it's all pressurized to cost you
money so this is going to be empty by
the time of it and I want to take the
out right now just so I can throw away
cuz patron alcohol patron specifically
tequila makes me black the fuck up see
what I did there made it like us backing
out I don't mean back blacking out what
blacking out anyway here is the bathroom
ever nice and low low dose the reason we
had a big showerhead we have a toilet I
still don't know beep listen do one
clean this bathroom there's quite a
tissue paper there to be honest I didn't
see it sort of clean provision we have
this which is a Fame fight frame where
Inc most amazing piece of art that it's
in my life I got a match on tinder what
the fuck right and then we have a murder
overall I already done this video once
before but it's too long so overall I
give this hotel tour review a total of
eight point one out of ten and the
reason why I guess the one is because I
like this class this glass is net doing
a glass giveaway if you guys want to win
a glass then make sure you leave a
comment down below saying wow the
spectacle of light on that eardrum is
rather reflective nailed it the amount
of people who actually leave them
comments are impressive and I love your
faces for doing it anyway we're done
partway edit in the vlog as you speak
I'm trying to get ahead of it throughout
the day but it's time to go meet all the
restoration guys let's do this
housekeeping we are going eating food
oh yeah we're all going inside the van
do free candy did I just say Vande of
free candy gave some free candy car yeah
like no expected to fit 15 people in
I was receiving their thing okay Hotel
number one I mean number two we're going
to the Cosmo and we're going for where
we going for team dinner we're going for
raising team dinner drinks more drinks
alcohol drinks
hey that's ball swag you must roll into
that it's gonna tell them that that's a
lie don't tell them that
Howdy's are these bad guys I think I
found Bob Ross why is there a death ray
in the middle of this place this is an
all-you-can-eat buffet they've got food
of all different types everywhere
seafood what is this cauliflower okay
roast potatoes do that I even know I'm
going to start with wrong if you wanted
me to get over there immediately and
take on a sausage now I'm just gonna
take the entire thing okay now I'm
beyond impressed you got these little
baskets of chicken wings you can take
yeah which one you want to do you can
take back you go for it mmm this is this
is impressive
this is been a month in the weight and
feels so good
my baby baby baby I can handle this
buffet right now got a bit Chinese food
some wings some pork belly so much and
some more than chicken wing so that are
so damn dude I'm totally gonna fight a
member of staff who works here by the
way I'm throwing him in the vlog this is
Alan
he is an absolute legend of Legends as
you guys know you ever see when I went
to France mountain biking giant the bike
that I was riding this is the guy who
hooked me up with it put me touch with
giant and then giant hooked me with the
glory so I I cannot express how much I
love him ah I'm sure Luke Coleman right
now oh my God why did this Lisa Burt is
it the burger what is this what is it
Hans the hell's of my Quran but it's in
mini burger it's a desert burger you eat
your burger it's a burger this is gonna
be my first time trying a burger does it
taste like uh what crumble into what
it's a sugar gyeom and you saw here we
see in the wild CEO of Razer at the
table aging food whatever will he do mad
well I'll give this place a I give it a
9 out of 10
the food was that good out of 10 10 shit
no sign can stop us fuck you
oh yo just gonna go over you rather than
open you fuck the police this beautiful
piece of art literally got the blue
screen of death rekt well that's gonna
be my 100 unread the brew a that's how
it's done business you're crazy like
Robert I said in the bun I'm gonna throw
$100 I'm read through $100 I'm read and
looking landed on block and it popped a
bounced out into red $200 we're up 100
for the night let's go well yeah man
it's so great to be in Las Vegas Lyle
reporting here live in the fucking rain
and if you look to your left you see
rain look to your right you see this guy
ha ha ha ha party yos of the shout out
to Alice Alice my sister a neighbor even
if you remember that's the store that we
went into at 4 o'clock in the morning
when you were passed the fuck out dying
of alcohol poisoning
I saved your life and I found you on the
streets you little bitch oh yeah living
the life in Las Vegas look at all this
beautiful weather you guys enjoy
yourselves gotta love the desert you
know your show oh it's so hot oh my
goodness me
mystery box confirmed these might look
like small biz but these are 20 is it 24
wheels
no help me this what is it else's houses
this is 24 ounces of alcohol and it's 2
pound fifty two dollars fifty each
that's like one pound 75 yeah for for 24
ounces
oh my god well we made some very good
spies Cheers with that we got our 24
ounces in brown bags because that's what
tourists bustard to do so check me in
the Australian we're over here we're
like yeah we're put them in brown bags
yes that's just what you do so we want
the damn experience we were like go to
Vegas it's fucking raining we need
alcohol in brown bags immediately Cheers
is this bigger than my head we decided
as a team that if we're gonna win
because we haven't won anything yet
we're gonna put a bet on each one but
not only one Bell one baton each one
three five
fuck yeah my friend go and get the pot
we're doing this this game is so intent
behind yeah I'm fighting in my room it's
a sign I'm keeping it fuck that you won
that many quarters that you needed a
suitcase
I'm pissed I can fix $5.00 up yes holy
shit I just got back-to-back 21
I got back-to-back 21 and ruler well
that was a straight-up craziest look I
probably had in my life
back to back 21 it's like I don't even
know why I just put like I put I play
1337 and for some reason 12 is a number
like 21 is just the number I play and
the fact that I headed back back was
just insane so I'm I'm okay with that
this gentleman today's vlog is over I
hope you enjoyed it if you did make sure
to click that like button
really appreciate lets me know you
enjoying what I'm doing on a day to day
basis
subscribe so make daily videos for your
faces at 6 p.m. UK time try my best to
make sure I get these vlogs out every
day it's like I've never been so
consistently wanted to stay on top of
something as much as my vlogging channel
because I love vlogging and you guys
have given me such an awesome
opportunity but I will say this right
now I got in this room at midnight it
took me twenty nine minutes to edit this
vlog and I am sober oh and I'm gonna be
seriously drunk because I'm gonna be
very much drinking on this holiday and
it's gonna be difficult to vlog so
expect like vlogs hopefully I'll try my
best not to do but if you can stick with
me whilst I'm on this trip I appreciate
a lot honestly thank you for all those
poor your wicked you're awesome and I'll
see you guys tomorrow for my next
episode of my life adios
