ah today's shirt of choice is going to
be a syndicate original raw shirt if you
want to get yours later description
let's start this are miserable day hey
we see the crazy cat lady in the wild
the cats are cruisin for a bruisin
working on Lydia stitches if you step
four on mum stitches you better know I'm
gonna turn you into a little shoot oh he
wants me to play fetch okay okay you
ready go get it
good dunk come make you up good make you
up take you buy all the cats are
spending time with Livi but so adorable
is so cute
yeah five seconds later jumped right on
her stitches she's crying says 19 or 20
or 21 or if you're Catholic
24 and even sometimes if you look at
that it's uneven later but apparently 24
it is always look before you take your
belt boys got the milk elidio ever have
had
yeah Lydia has had a bowl of cereal
which leads me onto a story time
yesterday in the vlog
hang on first of all we've got Rodin
syndicate original because there's a lot
of swag phylidia this matters it's Miam
but cuz it's a Monday Monday but no but
no my no Monday get this week started
right you Monday shinobi Emily Matt my
late the password is silica original
calm has the best girl together by yours
link in the description nailed it so
what's going on here okay thanks
okay thanks I've never seen syndicate
originals so bloody dirty me like hey
you feel it on motivate huh because you
work it out again is it feeling good
yeah I'm gonna go now I put the phone on
Alan stop to say enjoy anything everyone
shouted no down the phone I left the
shop and then you text me saying Yemen
wants carrots so you think I got these
hammers no sorry did you just have an
operation no we do not encourage yeah
that's we do not encourage violence
we do not go to violence yeah yeah
that's that's more like it
alright so Lydia Lydia is this fall
obviously sorry talk to the dead oh wait
a balloon in the box looks amazing
oh well I did get on camera but look
unless you reenact Scalia for us this is
just to let you all know as proof of his
witness all the people who sent in for
their shirts from twitch that they run
in the ruffles that we did I've just
sent over all information to Ally's Simo
Alice did you get it you get it you get
it was the bus she said get me the
crayons quick so I said Alice the names
addresses and designs and all that sort
of stuff
mum's gonna work hard now and get them
all ships out on you you've got one job
come to man cut it come to a woman
oh you've already started it right do I
need to get your head on sideways yeah
sure okay so no it's not again ah all
right so we got to know it's a lot this
looks like a heavy this is a heavy where
but it's a box full of swag we got a
crash bandicoot wait I don't think any
of this is for me
yes no because this a lion buy in here
the only reason there's a wine bar in
here is because of Lydia I'll tell you
right now that's the only reason that's
their view in the wine buzz this
immediately says PS I love my hoodie so
you have to read this level this is from
Elliot thank you very much Elliot and
this is to syndicate syndicate family
owed me I should have opened this movie
bit sooner for you at Christmas did so
Olivia Gadsby yeah with a dead Luna's
feet spots leave right and the syndicate
family Merry Christmas Happy New Year
from a viewer Elliot look at he did a
you did a study on stitute
I like that pretty sent in Crash
Bandicoot thank you very much for that
the flash I don't actually have that one
so thank you very much a bag that says
Jovi Jovi oh it's got some beads in it
I don't know he's made this of all this
so he won't like the hip let's feel like
that the sidekick hand of it
some wine bars I think Olivia thank you
very much at a bag is he actually giving
you a bike to count it all right Elliot
Oh some reason apparently this Monday is
known as Blue Monday I'm not too sure
why I was like is it because it's the
first Monday of the month
oh yeah that's been raining or something
so like Monday blues something no idea
well I can tell you it hundred percent
is it nobody remembered to indicate
since washer no joke X ev3 what the hell
happened to the other time attendance
basically if you guys were in the stream
yesterday you would have seen how hype
it was because I was like getting Lydia
to learn how to like play runescape so I
was she was like what's the fight
runescape I was like well you can do
level so you can make your character
look better all this stop stop and in
game everyone kept giving Lydia like
items that she could wear to look better
in the game and that starts looked like
just cosmetic items and then one dude do
now donated like no joke
$100 and said Lydia treat you stuff get
you so much some sells something nice
it's like what and then someone else
donated like two hundred fifty twenty
five thousand bits which is $250 and
said yeah Lydia go and get yourself
something nice I think was like what put
them before you did the math Olivia was
like are they even serious I was like
yeah no joke people have donated for you
to get yourself something nice after
your operation which is like super nice
and super kind of them and it equated to
just the right amount
no jet no joke that she wanted to get
she was gonna treat yourselves to these
pair of trainers now I'm gonna go and
see Steve got his trainers in stock and
if you do you guys successfully bar
Lydia a gift she's been wanting for so
damn long and they called Jimmy
trainers to me is just fair trainers
book to her they mean like the world so
let's go see if they've got honestly
thank you guys awesome
choose Jimmy Choos Jimmy Choos got his
own shoes definitely not these it's kind
of like a pair like this black but with
our all the shininess on it
apparently it's a gorgeous shoe for
women so you know what sure just like
that twitch.tv folks are syndicate you
made it happen
she's gonna be so excited when I go home
I just Texas am I I should have faced
I'm just saying the black all the gold
ones and she's freaking now I know I
just got myself a brand new pair of
trainers recently and I love them but I
have to tie the laces up all the time
whereas these ones as you can see here I
have on right now which are ruined you
don't have to tell us you can just tie
them and hide them down below and
they're just so easy to get on so I'm
gonna try oh well I've kind of hand it
in the shoe so they'll have to see when
it gets back but I'm gonna try another
type of shoe one that I like the ultra
boosts definitely like them something a
bit higher up the ankle than these so
look quite fresh and I'm telling you
something ultra boots are the most comfy
shoe I've ever wore in my life exactly
too different from what I've had in the
past but they are hella hella comfy and
I like that they ride a little bit more
of your ankle
other than that nice and fresh ten
minutes later I still like my shoes I
like them they're a nice color the theme
of my life as you all know he's pretty
much just gray green chrome chrome and
gray so it fits perfectly see the bay I
see them I see the silver Bay over there
I see it I see it I'm coming I'm coming
with my new and my new non-slip of
lobbies I'm on my way don't like them
yeah that moleskin business training
specifically trainers yeah there you go
Jimmy Choo shit look at the bottom of
him you guys are on a diet Whoopie shit
yeah looks like diarrhea right no no you
don't smell it farts and stuff anymore
let your armpits up got you resin Jimmy
shuo what do you think my trends oh by
auntie Jean right open it no should it
should come up there itself that's a
letter there's a bunch of different
letters in their face oh wow so you'd
have to bend down someone got you a
balloon and then they got you a teddy
bear with it that says get well soon the
broken arm in an ear that's for you and
then this is a little gift of this
person and then this is a letter up
another person and then that's in every
box so we can remove the box and the
cats people crazy over that have fun and
they're nuts for you this balloon is not
gonna last five seconds loon is already
like quite a strange flow in midair via
a string that I can attack it was it
this is from interested don't you jump
up no oh my god my shoes this enclose
the cat's holy crapoly blend right in
amazing I got a feeling gasp he's gonna
run off this balloon soon soon he will
Oh yep yep this is the thing this is
gonna happen rip balloon
I think this is gonna last very long
what is this enjoy reading joy reading I
always realized if he pulls it down he
pulls it closer oh oh
what's it Lunas in the box
gasps he's got the balloon this is a
present for all basically oh that's nice
oh that's awesome
countless really nice evening wait what
comes the kind of boyfriend is this
letter off by the way for everyone he
was wondering like where the peal box
was I did say like the peal box is in
the link if you click show more in the
description every single vlog ever
bought it for like two years there's a
it says tom's p mailbox just send
anything to that address that you want
like release to open and you'll be able
to see it so for those wondering oh god
but I was wondering now you know he's
getting it closer and closer I'm waiting
for the pop oh you like a moon big god
oh oh let's see oh that's Gadsby as
always looks like he's crapping himself
no idea little kiddies no the little
kiddies cowl is very nicely thanks mate
oh is it what is it it's got the
chocolate gift to summer it's a chip
it's a chocolate yeah
food food candle handle would you like
more than can't chocolates me it's a
statue me three sweets
what's that what that is so dies it's a
sweetie tree wow that's good I've no see
number of a line jose cardenas
oh cool
it's from Tim no wishing you a speedy
cookie lots of blow from lela lela thank
you well played well played and for the
main event
oh my god excited are you excited well I
guess this is this this is truly this is
truly I get well soon and enjoy from
twitch I guess this is this is how
awesome I touched many years without
them this would not happen so there you
go
Lydia has always wanted since I've known
a pair of Jimmy Choo trainers always
wanted a pair and what she got the box
is nice
I always comment on that as well Alice's
oh my god I guarantee I guarantee this
is my granddad guarantee guarantee wait
it's not my gun that it was this theory
this was then you're just in time come
in I was I couldn't see you on the
covers like you the fuck is that user
Chopra knows you like it's me I like
that
come in this is not of me this is from
my audience because we live stream last
night they were like buy a pair of shoes
go on then governor what's at what time
for it to show up
mmm yeah I did show Alice Alice saw them
she likes him she really likes you
related to cats I guess or if the cat
hair everywhere
do you like him you can wave every day
when you're allowed out know the coming
really pics about black like that on the
website they looked nothing like that so
good show you are that what why you
bringing wait have you got more of my
clothes wait what how did you get in you
didn't wash them they've got cow shit on
them and I did it so that's once you put
the rest in the boot well listen
everyone in the vlog saw you get
absolutely do you see it yeah by always
did you watch your back may everyone
thought you were gonna die you were so
drunk fought over the place and I was
just RKO would you like fuck I in my
house is that okay good trade good good
story Kentucky next run around mission
of the day Lydia would like some bread
some pate and some crisps hello got some
other stuff so you know what think I've
done my deeds for the day run around for
a we've got on a new pair of shoes with
on this week on that I think the now
time they still go play some runescape
yes yes
it smells it smells it smells like a poo
no no it were me it was twitch it was
the twitch community that right so
people can like donate in streams and
stuff but one guy donate it was like get
some McKnight's for lydia and donate
like hundred quid and then some other
people started donating and that's what
the guy donate it again and was just
like a tree so she was like oh my god
get those shoes and I was like they have
actually donate was it sticker in the
back of it so Lauren are allow what
you're doing you're attacking their oh
she's looking so I'm so sorry he's okay
kitty okay
what's your first one you win what is it
little something big ideas
get well soon oh but I was gonna see us
was we it bloody idiot directions are
open capsule for a speedy recovery
dosage repeat every 24 hours for one
month wow that's pretty cool ingredients
love friendships you know what time it
is
you know it's how it is nothing again
it's happened again
Sparta rally thanks for subscribing Pro
vortex thank you very much to subscribe
and welcome aboard
oh we just explained when people
subscribe once which is like a free
supply can support to the twitch
streamer but something that you can do
just to explain to people watching the
vlog right now if you're like what is
subscribe if you subscribe your support
in the the streamer but if you've got
Amazon Prime you can connect your Amazon
Prime and your twitch together and you
get a free subscription to a channel so
if you've ever wanted to jump in the
stream every part of the sub height you
can be all you gotta do is connect the
two and it's a free subscription to the
channel so never you know more
information for your faces
Thomas guitar looks like subscribe you
probiotics thanks very much it Chris
allele everything subscribe it and we're
gonna pick the winner now so you ready
in five four three two
Oh Stevie Hawk thank you miss describe
it oh sorry I meant to show everyone in
the blog look at everyone going crazy
look at her names they're all I was like
I'm gonna vlog it I was like
everyone's going to absolutely batshit
right now with our votes
yo darkness thank you very much for you
that you're which it seems see James
real thanks subscribe look above in five
four three two one the survey says dr.
Joe wait what could not draw anyone from
the raffle
what the hell you broke it you all broke
it
what are you doing boy you're doing
trying again this time to make this work
Vaughan fucking River subscribing cyber
work hellboy and Amy thank you very much
five four three two one
the survey says draw the pointless the
pointless ginger congratulations and
golden Apollo think you've ever
subscribing again chelation Scott
everybody here you go here you know cat
has just won the next year in a row so
congratulations cats on your message for
your details right now oh my goodness me
we're having that Sunday dinner that
Lydia's mom cooked us from yesterday I
don't know how it's gonna go reheating
it gonna seal it is enjoying hers right
now oh and I can get a castle nice to
see you how is it Oh what you doing you
clearly now you Jimmy Choos no we got do
and you look cute I've put my this
dinner is amazing by the way that's
going on and Lydia is this is the
clothes this is the closest we can get
to cuddle in it oh yeah I've got control
your arm how awesome the ones rather
than be booked at Eve's looking at them
he's just standing like yes eat their
food
Stephen there's a full-on view of them
how do I get how do I get this shot like
behind the speak fuck touch the ball
nobody looks so nice because it's oh
sorry you can't see my face when you
can't see my face assume it touches of
you freaks out look it's me I literally
have to stick my head in the Bavarian so
you can see it's me and he's like
alright that's riding this one you I
mean you appealing a little bit another
side like five hours of streaming into
my egg chub you vetoes been subscribed
for 45 months ago can we get a bunch of
just emoji spam let's see a bunch of a
goddamn emoji spamming the trap do the
analysis that would know announces the
winner scary Carter congratulations once
again gonna say goodbye to my audience
bye now extreme either way thank you
very much for watching today's vlog be
sure you leave like your thumbs up make
sure you leave a lot make sure you leave
a like rating subscribe and we'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
daily blog if you're watching this vlog
right now yeah well I don't know if I'm
streaming today but you know it's worth
the visit so if you go to Twitter on TV
boy I said okay I may be live show me
but more importantly follow me on
Twitter at Pro syndicate I used it
pretty much nearly every damn day god
pin that's a lot of days of the year
that's a lot of days in my lap usually
every damn day so if you're not follow
me on to a app Pro syndicate search now
for people running rapper I'll see you
guys tomorrow
