now I'm gonna be honest guys I'm not
sure what's going on with the hair I got
out of the shower and it was all wet and
I just decided I'm not even a dryer I'm
just gonna put gel in it dry it with a
hair dryer and just see what happens to
it cuz I'm going bowling and we throwing
myself around you know taking shit not
too seriously
promise Milly got like ten strikes and
yeah I don't really care about the head
today it's like whatever it's my last
day in England I'm wearing lazy clothes
to go bowling and we're just gonna see
what happens I like it a lot
Oh would you take a look at this look we
ran amok again Ashton Marsh we're going
bowling again the car phone hello it's
our last day together when so bound as
well as our way together I'm going back
to LA tomorrow I cry every time
look at phone hello hello ah okay I
don't know you man it was Louis one way
to get a greeting here we see a wild
Alice in her natural habitat look at her
she's been spotted she's been wrong
because here it's kitty rawr mink
outside Nando's and this guy right here
if he sees the vlog if you're watching
his work tomorrow you're in it because
we can see you're staring at me mommy
pulled out his phone and showed his
girlfriend like I think Who I am
we're guessing because then she turn
around like this and now that walking
again and now spied it out the phone I
don't know
squad dog squad Gold squad calls module
squad all squad doc present his face
other disposal squad all squad oh my god
people spa dolls disco balls
India what's going on behind you what
the actual tits McGee
so that guy I said was like staring it
was in might know you guys might buy or
you don't know if it's a fun but it came
over and said alone Elliott if you
watching this right now your legend have
a Happy New Year
oh my god this is deferens first at the
time eating Nando's everything not did
you get playing I would definitely
recommend trying some sort what's that
the opinion try a little bit medium it's
not spicy it's reaiiy get medium all
times not spicy sauce but you're on fire
oh this is what I need my last meal
before I go to LA cheeky Nando's
take it go yeah bro why don't you sing
chicken but it's not known
I'm nom nom nom Nando's was on for an
absolutely love that QuickTime India
gets tried and the first person gets
strike gets a fiver yeah she she got
like a score at 10:00 last time but full
nonetheless come to ball fuck shit oh ah
I'm going down what I recognized your
face a little
I believe in Burzum your size 3 their
pics issues they go for the back Oh Alex
I've decided on the best name for me
ever this is going off a Twitter user
Assad of the day and he was called bread
wizard so bread wizard this is all for
you
so the teams has done is it's me if alex
is India and it's call us we haven't
make the TA so we just said always a
gangster showing italics this body ball
delete it and a new team it's months not
a good time Alice and Holly you're going
down you have to pick a team name right
you're going down we on timber time
hopefully
it is my time it is my moment
oh shit the bread was it show wind okay
okay okay garlic bread just got a strike
from the first one so he wins the five
quid that we said Congrats good job so I
didn't record it
bye we picked our team name we a team
breadsticks all right breadsticks
breadsticks for life because I'm bread
wizard and their last names garlic so
wait what's good right getting a strike
we've got this here we witness the
garlic bread strike oh my god really
really Wow too strong expected lucky
ticket of this oh my god is on our team
team breadsticks team breadsticks team
breadsticks start in blue guys strike
paula got a strike and Alex are two
strikes and got a strike it was a smash
strike so it doesn't count
no Mike that's not a strike look up I
where the team down tail fuck you damn
oh I got too excited drinking my my saw
she a brain freeze
I got brain freeze go on a nice watch
this dance move what's this what is gone
alright really really what I'm watching
I'm watching you rip I'm watching you
Nene
it's a strike maybe
oh my goodness look at that
I gotta strike strike strike strike
strike everything one of us to have a
stray dawn Kasbah right the windy oh ha
ha
strike it coming strike a come on good
job sweetie breadsticks
not bad well this is probably not gonna
be a good idea can't even fit my hot
hands in the whole box screw it yeah
yeah that was an intimate oh yeah you
suck a good look let me rub your ball I
know your headphones it's gonna be
strike watch a sweaty head on a police
and brought it back after several zeroes
I got strike again
so ye Alex make it happen he is right
for the strike and a wish and a wit now
that's a strike I'm lucky my friends I'm
lucky breadsticks Pena okay India what
what happens laughing you missed it
Senya okay give you one what happens
laughing you missed it find yourself a
pole is that a strike strike Alex got a
strike alice is on this ride
I like two strikes Cal you've had two
strikes
yep down you better strike for the one
versus not as right it's going crusty
sock I'll be good overall it's okay we
know you didn't get a strike so it's
because you just really bad at the game
oh look his Karen's gone wonder if she
won't get a strike she's so mad
always watching carrot always run big
talker instead strike yeah you can do
this cone bitch your lies to god oh my
god oh my god
you won't see many clips from this game
we're playing what
yeah Alex Oh what the hell are you doing
it's not this
Wow Alex just gonna strike and holy
shoppin strikes well look at you
celebrate it together yet you bastards
get out of that lane to get out camera
watch the stuff one but I didn't get I
don't get on camera so it clearly didn't
happen it wasn't a good job my life okay
goddamn it I love you I'm so proud of
India can last time we came here she did
Rio a scribe which he discusses oh I
don't push got strike
fuck you down India what just happened
good throw wait what
like this is why I mean Alice's children
didn't really get along
she was way too competitive okay I did
it again I got a strike in here I got a
strike again
109 Alex take a guy Fred really needs to
fuck up here to me to win
little shit he needs five to be big he's
five to be cooking I win
good game kid
hahaha it looks like you got a chip on
your shoulder well everyone's pushed the
ball the same time but
yes right hold on that what everyone's
suppose of all the same sample that was
pretty a way dude Oh God
there's Irish Riverdance music on and
that's security guard right there like
didn't think anyone was watching I just
caught him doing the Irish jig I was
like
yes that was like on the line amigo
you lose no I can't poor baby
did you write this so well I just played
fluffy flying tickets oh my god yeah I
broke machine oh that was not me just
gonna walk away now what's the best
thing about winning tickets the arcade
this so no no no no no no it was like
this oh shit
let's make Bank
I have a total over 171 tickets so I
could try and find something from here
that I could possibly win the ultimate
cash out not only that I have one Barry
glasses I got two pair glasses let's go
and give engineer a gift she's gonna
love it in a minute so this guy I'm just
gonna help don't pay them but let me
just go for a walk
you say the jackpot
right
it won the draft hotwives 1 602 you do
get it good day
I got your gift no no no no glowstick
glasses yeah my mum's two peas got stuck
yeah we know so she's gonna get them
back oh five fees did did it it did
oh fuck no fuck me that is fucking sick
and then we appear from the duck wait to
start walking slowly backwards the
darkness no often come to India Vegas
needs me my livers gonna die I love you
bro mm-hmm
I like how you like come to instead go
to India I love you I love you murdered
oh hey it's been a great Christmas with
you I love you I'm gonna miss you I know
I'm gonna miss you Oh once that we need
a family movin hey not every night I
stay in touch I love you mom you're my
homie
you're my home Brett home et phone home
phone home if you need me in India
Oh No
never forget what love you to the vilest
oh so it's a shot goodbye whoa what do
you want that I'm going and going to
America in the morning I'll FaceTime you
for a flight I have no idea why she gave
me two I only had enough for one and she
just went she said which cold you want I
went blue and she went really around
oh she gave me both so we look up yeah
move you look amazing
go down on your right on your right put
one down because the tray you want you
just on your way to arrange for the way
back yes this has been the best night to
leave it to go tell bye bye little kitty
oh hi over there bye bye see you mum
wait I live for okay final goodbyes
because love you mum love you always and
twice on Sundays look you always in
class on Sundays yes yes no we do the
time is currently 10 minutes plus two in
the morning I just got finished getting
my csgo video up from yesterday
I'm pretty hungry so we're gonna go for
Drive to McDonald's and just enjoy the
ride of the car because I'm not gonna be
in the car for a month so we're gonna go
and kick back and drive around Tom my
GoPro charge so you guys are gonna be
able to enjoy any of it so mother time I
go to LA I'm there for a month so I
don't get to drive my car so I'm out
every time before I fly to LA I've gone
an absolute crazy Drive and just have
like the time of my life it's like
there's no one on the roads it's
absolutely empty and I live in an area
where there's like big more roads that
you can go on and like country roads and
shit like that
it's fucking awesome so I'm just kind of
like letting out a bit a little little
bit of steam a little bit of stress at
the same time just enjoying the car
because I'm not gonna see you for a for
a month when I go to LA so it's gonna be
shot but at the same time hopefully when
I'm out in LA I can pass my driving test
out there and see what happens maybe if
I go to Vegas might like drive some cars
and racetrack
see there's the bay looking absolutely
beautiful steaming off and this come to
the top keep on coming so this is a
fucking poet but you still look at all
this philosopher that's why I don't see
when I fly back over to London Oh
fucking beautiful man absolutely love
where I live I would not wish to want to
live anywhere else
people like living Londoners to follow
nah man this is this is it for me
couldn't recite just on your back door
beautiful would you just look at that
view I don't think you guys can even see
anything after my night off
wait that's off brother off light on
light off done
wow that whole whole meet of difference
you can see I wish my music would stay
on books I'm playing my music through my
phone every time I film it turns it off
so unfortunately to the effect I was
gonna do something that unfortunately
faces you can't listen to the charm user
can listen to but if you search et le
Apple on YouTube it's a chill-out track
play that you'll love it it's one of my
all-time favorite child songs if not my
favorite well I decided that I'm gonna
end the vlog in style and jump in my
bath which I never really used so
citizen leaving the house i madam give
it a whirl it's currently 7:30 in the
morning
I am absolutely naked just for the
record just thought I'd share that with
you guys bought I thought there'd never
be a better time
absolutely starving to make chow mein
soup noodles because I'm going to the US
and they don't have soup noodles so I'm
gonna make some noodles and then I'm
gonna eat it go to sleep till 10:00 a.m.
so probably about only get like an hour
and a half sleep get up go to the
airport and set off to LA so yeah but
I'm gonna wrap up today's vlog now and
so when I wake up I can start filming
immediately tomorrow's vlog so just see
all that I'll go so guys thank you very
much for watching today if you enjoyed
it please leave a like rating let's see
if we can hit 50,000 my cranes if we can
I'll hit up syndicate original aka my
mom my sister and be like give me five
shirts to give away so if you guys punch
that challenge when we hit 50,000 thumbs
up I give away five sneaky original
shirts if that sounds cool to your faces
and maybe some other swag as well like
five shirts and night five of everything
else we'll just say if my sister's
doesn't like it she can go fuck yourself
joke it I love it to bits
no seriously thank you very much what
you guys thank you for so much crazy
support while stepping back in the UK
we're gonna be going out to Vegas for
three days could be very very drunk
don't get me wrong it's just gonna be
absolutely crazy but nonetheless it's
gonna be fun
so bring it on see you guys tomorrow for
the next vlog leave a comment saying
noodles are not so super
