well I actually went to bed at a
reasonable time last night but I kind of
woke up at 1 o'clock
to the best phone call ever of my dad
saying Tom just want to come round for
bacon egg so I'm coming round for bacon
and egg hello this is no surprise my dad
is raving this tips off thank you so
much for this we invite to be here first
it still give me this well freshwater
fish yep Cheers suppose to be able to go
there yeah what's going on with us
perfect food but when I look down here
and realize that on the floor I was like
what is that it's a rock no it's Eric
mate he's property shelf hello hello
housekeeping just gonna go ahead and
expose my dad's nudes you ready three
two one nudes or would you look at that
body
oh yes I'll be there
okay you look about like 12 17 17 oh my
gosh you look a holic excuse me is there
any reason why you're particularly
staring at me madam just a little bit
strange just gonna point that one out
I know this just happens to be a
coincidence that the new two pages on
your story right now are the sudden
saying I'm having an affair with my
mates mum and then the next one is a
body to die for you might want to look
at the pictures have something to tell
me you've got some Germany old geezer
you you old something you but no there's
bathroom smells even though it smells of
a garden fresh it actually smells over
Apple sours I do not need any more
alcohol in my system again until three
days when I go to Vegas raspiness
Angeles for a month okay don't be all
upset with me I've got to go I love you
to bits okay okay yeah you're a big boy
make your absolutely massive
you used to be as big as my little
finger no look at you I just love the
bay but I have to be honest it's not the
most exotic spoiler in the world or
anything insane but I just love it I
think it looks really nice because the
TT usually shows but this just makes it
go for ting I like it a lot mother of
God there it is
to the human eye you may not see
anything you may see the unicorn down
there but lick closure there it is
that's the motherfucker that's
terrorizing my windows dear wait I'm
just I think I might leave it like
another two hours because it's like four
o'clock right now I need to get the vlog
up from yesterday so I'm gonna
concentrate on that first and then if
I've got enough time before I go out for
food later on tonight I will make a
start on cleaning and boom now I'm in
media city with Gayle very nice ken
what's even smarter I think he covered
me with a whole blazer weak you smarter
not me who's smart Oh only old men do I
don't talk about here well we've made it
to a restaurant where my dad yeah took
me in this is brand new and it'll open
for like six days so steaks and stuff
it's an Argentinean restaurant so I'm
prepared to eat so much made this place
that's well nicer so fancy
you look so fancy I look so underdressed
I didn't even I am I sure
a ribeye but then I saw this oh my gosh
a testing plate and I get 400 runs of
each one I think I might be a bit too
much
No
well this is gonna be my first mayor of
the new year and I don't have no idea
what it is but it's a rap game but oh my
god guy may have decided to order
something a bit too big look at it this
food is absolutely looks a bit raw there
but absolutely incredible
like heaven literally listen I tried for
the 2nd time to pour this big I swear to
god it's just to profit the bear because
I can pour a bear
I got a bully thing applied polar in my
house look at the state of that
it's embarrassing dilute leader less
pancakes chocolate brownie with a very
cheesecake chocolate fondue with villain
ice cream and winter the pudding
specialty and Cubans all regions all
sounds so good but right now I am in
such a food coma now like I said I'm
dying and I'm going to heaven I
literally I cannot eat a single Pig the
breakfast is your serious home plate
this is car plate with ice cream
and this just go on go on no but then
what did gala get China forward free
pineapple cream okay hopefully she
didn't think she was getting pineapple
ice cream
you guys remember how do you like hotel
reviews and it's that doing restaurant
reviews but this place is like six days
old this is the bathroom walls that may
not plastic it's kind of weird but it's
cool look at that light look just like a
chandelier on the wall I don't know the
one I'm three sinks maybe most of this
and to every restaurant in the world
please make all hair dryers absolutely
fucking useful a bathroom gets an 8 out
of 10
well that was absolutely awesome so that
was Kate but sorry okay
Caillou but Kay you koc a you absolutely
awesome dad Gail great recommendation
really enjoyed it at the end the manager
came over and just was like we saw you
tweet that you were coming here just
wait to say appreciate the tweet I hope
you enjoyed it and I was like I do daily
vlog in oh it's okay that's filmed in
your restaurant there's like you had
more than welcoming all that book great
stuff great food what we're giving it
what we're giving it out of 10 now ten
point five god I will go nine out of ten
that was a solid place you've got a good
place to eat this is the place I love
Salford al-safa Keys May we're in the
dockyard and I'm not gonna lie got the
fastest drinks every month where's
Kendall
I live this place we always come in to
play table football
smashed on you
that's broken and when you pull this
pulls up this is very disappointed can't
even get it in the hole I mean whoa well
I was hoping to kick my dad's ass in
table football yeah guess that won't be
happening tonight
okay I absolutely look this fast-paced
by I fucking hate this marital book so
then so it makes you feel like you're
just my drunk what the hell's going on
well so now it was a good night this
place that that football table right
there they're disappointed in my life
man I don't know what my dad even said
that nonetheless do we have a good night
come on do we have a good night I do
have a good night check me out right so
now where we're going okay we're going
to the car and great doctor food was
good we gave a good review we had good
drinks
unfortunately the football table was not
adequate no nonetheless Gail you're
doing a great job with this home bro oh
man I had so much space back here thanks
dad appreciate that
haha dad it smells like the Popo have
you done the poopoo excuse me sir is
this a lie is this a lie I brought you
my urea boy
they've done five you probably me
laughing to be honest good sir legend
end of the day good night
yeah I'm gonna take my dad's advice I'm
just go to bed I'm just gonna go to bed
for the night rather than getting drunk
all right dad no worries man good to see
you again
yeah that girl have a nice night oh okay
feel better that I've at least organized
them so we go back there we go gross we
go random wine glasses with go garage we
go like mason jars
Peroni house cups knives and forks and
whatever the hell is going on with this
I struggle is so real right now but at
least at least I'm getting somewhere
with this just put a knife with the wine
on since gold jewellery this is it oh
the 100k
I got tall but I wouldn't before I even
once so I guess that's a good thing I
just will myself a stattrak factory-new
yes electrical I've never had a fuck
renewed sniper rifle and it's that's
right I like to kayak back to me that is
sick under a Balkan so yeah I'll take
that thank you CS : o j-- arena i
appreciate you you smart you lord
oh my god I don't think I thank this
spray enough this sounds like a
sponsored in like thank you to Dettol
power and fresh look how much I've
sprayed it it's phoned up that much
inside but this and this blue tissue
right here has helped me just get to a
state of somewhat smelling nice and
cleanliness we'll just ignore all the
wet clothes in the corner boys help me
get to a point of if you walk into my
kitchen here at least looks decent and
organized ignore the half bone of ham
and also about my for now you hear that
that's called a footstep not a sticky
step see when you should walk in here
before it we just go to squelch squelch
squelch so oh my god
death all blue tissue company maker of
things thank you very much for helping
me sell my life this is such a cool
dishwasher that as a projector look onto
the floor
that tells you what's that in its on how
long it's got to go and the percentage
of the bottom how long it's got left
till it's finished
so it's freaking epic I like technology
a lot holy shit what the hell is going
on right now oh my god oh my god oh it
was oh my god okay so if you don't know
what's going on right now I would a game
on csgo local jewel arena okay
and I won but exist right now I won
$1,500 against that person mo mo just
went getting on $2,000 pot and lost it
he just lost altogether
$3,500 are you even serious mo just lost
that bet and he's going back in with a
$5,000 bet look all these knives he's
betting what what way even looking at
here just what what do you even do what
happened to my voice there but what it
what would you even do in your mind to
do a $5,000 bet my brain cannot handle
this I've never seen ten thousand
dollars worth of knives in csgo and this
guy's just betting it for fun mu if you
see this you are absolutely insane holy
shit I just had to grab my phone care
it's got the biggest like ever pop of
accounts on csgo ever is it like $30,000
worth of skin he just warned holy shit
mo just lost again what an absolute
night ladies and gentlemen
I cannot believe the success my csgo
inventory right now is looking mattified
I got 18 knives in total which are
probably worth altogether about maybe
about five grands worth of knives bought
the 5 grands worth of knives doesn't
change one thing and that one thing is
this kitchen gentlemen I now have no
dirty glasses but from the knees part
these wine glasses to you wash them ions
I have no dirty glasses lying around I
did it I actually did it so on that note
ladies and gentlemen I'm going to bed I
am passing
most likely gonna put on Netflix first
and stay up for act number three hours
book ok what's been so thank you very
much for watching if you enjoyed today's
vlog please leave a like rate subscribe
and I'll see you all tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for my next vlog tomorrow we should be
bowling the next after that but flying
to Las Vegas so get ready for a plane
vlog people seem to like them so get
your faces prepared
leave a comment saying planes are flying
testicles that's a false statement what
