hello ladies gentlemen this is a bit of
a random thing for me to film because
this is the day after but as I was
looking through yesterday's vlog the one
that you're about to watch now and
edding it together
I swear an exceptional about amount
about more than usual so if you don't
like swearing I would really advise you
skip today's vlog I know I do swear
often but this one is a lot worse so if
you could just divide if you don't like
swearing then please do I was very hung
over I was with friends and we just for
some reason we're all just really
abusive with swear words to each other
so nothing too aggressively bad but I
hope your new year is going great Lavie
odds pieces enjoy the vlog and I guess
I'll see you guys in the vlog but then
also tomorrow because today is tomorrow
tomorrow is today what I is there now
four people in my bed
like my life would you just look well
this is now a thing we're all in bed
chillin doing this thing because because
the night before is brought us all
closer together
alright so one of our friends who joined
us me one back to how were you having a
beer right now minute Harry the dog it's
a new miracle there's the you column
that is gonna be talking about this
entire time he does exist I'm not lying
hey we are oh yeah the kitchen isn't
that day oh my fucking god every single
glass in existence is been used
Yeager's empty glasses are smashed oh my
fucking god the ham got raped someone
fucking cracked open the crackers
sorry oh the set
just burn rubber you literally just burn
rubber at the bottom of the drive
fuck you know me we're doing the the
drive to back Donald's we got Sammy by
taking care was in Chris you're rocking
the the Italian oh this is a bad
decision
everyone is decided oh my god this is
the key to get in MW is absolutely
beautiful
that is gorgeous premier Jesus hangover
cure I love how we have like a perfectly
good table downstairs but Chris this
over it just was like me you've got cuts
of legit scans you watch my daily vlogs
you know how about a cat in this fucking
bed shit and what are you doing there's
still glasses just scattered around the
house as well this this was a bad idea
oh this looks great no zone pick this up
yeah Oh sticky this is not water it's
nice it's so nice
and that is the lust of the house we can
deal with a sticky table okay we're
having okay yeah it's okay we understand
your general you know legend what's
going in now in its face absolutely love
being in the UK I love peanuts a vlog
here everything is awesome there's so
much going on it's great bought one
thing that's fuckin stocked is the
internet right now it is currently 8
o'clock it's 8 o clock at night and I'm
having a nice meal chilling as you saw
me with my mom and sister and everyone I
don't want to be there chilling but
because I tried to upload the video from
their house so it's gonna take 200
minutes I had to drive all the way home
drop off my phone suit upload just to
try and get this vlog up for you guys
this is what I do for the vlog probably
should've got it oh pillar in the first
place but again I was busy it's just the
internet in UK sucks testicles oh my
goodness my mum brought in dessert it's
pink what is it whoa ice cream in it
okay okay and then this is what died my
screen time I paid the cat somehow done
a runner we have no idea where he is
trying to look round me I was looking
for you right now little rascal
because he's black he just blends in so
badly with shadows so
I tried lucky FYI hangover okay not
doing too bad if you're pretty good at
my mom's food was incredible so uh yeah
feeling good want to know a really cool
thing this actually used to be my
bedroom when I lived here this was my
bedroom and yeah this is this is where I
kicked my place until me this is where I
made like my first ever YouTube video
ever was I had a bed up here with high
beds and dad look compute down here and
I made like a little tribute to uh like
the 9/11 victims and the bombing like
all that do you like a little video
bikes I watched a documentary on TV and
yeah this was this was the first room
ever found the little shit I looked
everywhere and then just randomly looked
over it and found in my okay it's not on
it's not even on cozy little rat okay oh
we have been saying for the past two
hours watching James Bond and and we've
just got to the very end point like the
best point of film and the TV's just
broke what the hell mommy mommy I love
you and here's to an awesome 2016 unit
legend tell you what my mama's got the
most petrifying thing in a calque it
looks like someone's there but it's the
fallout mask love you mom as much as I
loved your cooking I'm gonna have to be
honest I've come home and bowring this
wagon again because it's so damn good
and I only have like three days before I
go to Vegas so three days before I go to
Vegas I have to eat all this Parma ham
challenge accepted oh I'm back in bed
again and the thing is it smells like
some it's not what it smells like Chris
it smelled like everyone apart from me
this is no longer my bed my bed has been
raped from everyone being in it last
night I bought nonetheless today has
been a very like hungover day I'm
actually not felt that PUD I definitely
felt myself sweating out the alcohol
bought its constitutively but it is
midnight I am going to bed I'm getting a
good night's rest and tomorrow I'm
getting on that video grind getting back
on things getting some zombies played
and
maybe just some other games so you got
some games you guys want me to play play
some suggestions down in the comments
I'll give it a crack and until next time
thanks for watching
every day 6 p.m. UK time and I will
hopefully be on time tomorrow I will not
promise anything which love to your
faces people like and
