wait a minute I'm sure I know you from
somewhere we're starting off the night
your litter Asami do the blog from
yesterday today and we're doing it today
because me and Sam are now about to get
parallely drunk I've not had a crazy
night a long time some of you ready to
die
we're dying guess what I would guess how
we're dying yes Howard I'm looping I
genuinely do not care what anyone says
about this being a challenge Gabe was
the aedra sport boss I think the
youngest person here is 21
this is the best drinking game that ever
existed that sure was not why I wanted
to entertain it was know where I was at
thank you well B point it last time I
took a drink up this guy was bogie vodka
besides we're living the high life this
is the first-ever piece of faux banana
war that made me want to start quietly
mine gladden I did not gladly die what
do you say to me - you - me too down you
go
this guy's so gonna scrape his front of
his carrier on it he's gonna go way too
fast
everyone does I can get down here in an
Audi TT goody-good didn't even touch it
didn't even touch it no no no just Park
it near the fucking hotel go on go on
dick
great yeah he wields fucking wheels but
of course he fucking wheels play oh it's
wasn't professionally
oh this is nonnegotiable grams between
some he's got two lives and Becky's got
one line and you're ready whoo what a
gyp oh please check the ammo I am your
friend
you're a buck all right I'm pouring it
okay I'd rather you didn't ever go
musician some some some this can be
negotiated the Sun this just convenience
on this can this to be negotiation oh oh
oh my goodness
stop my guys just got shot though that's
not like you and fan dude I can try
cleaned up my house to the point of like
excellence I woke up the next morning
was like why is everything clean wife
every glass before Rhino rhino save this
fucking day
so when every single person leaves my
house I basically have to do this every
time I have to clean up as fast as I can
because I don't think people to come
back to the house to be like oh fucking
shit Tim I wanna make you clean at night
don't even ask what this is I don't know
what this is the thing right so we clean
up the fucking house
Jesus crap what time is it fuck right
it's not even 10 o'clock so we're fine
we have been drinking how are you doing
thanks for clearing the house
Zach really appreciate clean the house
fuck you know the house is ready for us
to return to you afterwards
so it's 10:00 to 10:00 walk him down to
the pub and we're gonna get fucking
obliterated it's New Years Eve and we
are getting fucking destroyed listen
Zach shit
there's no way I could have made it from
here to the Josh remodeling without
taking a shit I'm not going to take a
shit where the building houses okay I
have some sort of respect to take a poo
in the toilet but I'm not going to take
a few shits loose in a public toilet say
that again
it was expensive what was expensive that
my drink why what did you get Jameson's
and coke and you got I got Jim Scott
would you get them and how much did you
come to wait why is even happening
rhino's hey Zach say as well as some I
was like I was just like we should
outside for like I why you biting my ear
we should all stop for one second to
find out where the hell is ken ken is
supposed to be here right now drinking
with us and enjoying the night West Ken
I'm not gonna lie I can't even
understand we're using these glasses
Rhino right Rhino is dying Rhino is so
fucking dead he can't understand why
here we find Rhino and his exciting and
funny let's find that Rhino
even brighter look at me this is the
wild rhino look in the camera
how are you are you okay right now okay
we have survived we will survive tonight
but where we have to turn this around to
right now and you okay he's dying
help him
oh yeah that's fucking vodka I suppose
that says right now
this spot right here hey you're engaged
oh I'm sure it's like 923 go engage love
is life itself you it's everybody but
good I will take him out to Vegas
destroy him and he will never get
married it is slightly so as much as I
love your wife to be Vegas is going to
destroy you
I just gets criticism way then everyone
is i2g being selfless
my god
and help me I'm dying but help me I'm
not dying right right right
I look at one more but they something on
camera oh no should not put on fucking
me over YouTube is that I know going on
test be held these guys right here it's
top seven outdoor so I guess you have my
house well I made it back to my house
and all of a sudden some turn your bar
what the fuck is this that's not
jagerbomb you have to drink it in one
all right it's mean big tasty
big tasty being Sam that's his house his
name but me and Sam
fuck it were nothing and we're going and
in the fucking hot Sun but you know what
sneers New Year's Day
oh shit and they died I fucking go get
my hot
Lucy this this takes two and a half two
and a half minutes this is probably you
okay
I literally this is where my fine my
finding finding my mind guess what what
how did the fuck did you get over my
fence happy new year oh that is great
answer for my question Weston's about
some I already scratch
help me I'm dying I'm getting my fucking
hot tub I'm chilling the fuck out I'm
gonna put on the light because this guy
looks like he's a rapist and - but
they're more than welcome to raid the
tips off but I don't care 2016 I'm
getting this fucking hot tub I'm
chilling the fuck out hell I guess it
stands as but that was dead in the
fucking lounge we make our way into we
have spiteful tits again
the testicles why is there so many cars
pardon I have to put the fucking is even
a chair oh I have to put this fucking
lid on the hot tub and turn the fucking
hot tub off because everyone is druggist
100 oh my god he's dying heaven even a
shooter I have no idea what is going on
right now but this guy found the pool
she is trying to save him and this guy
is trying to save it as well I found a
brand new Gold's done bigger shirt nice
apparently there's someone dead in my
cinema room
are you ready the fuck is going on holy
tits on one stains this fucking war of
mine look at it it's iced over
oh no I didn't know it was that cold
outside but January now January Facebook
fucking whoa look at eyes that's crazy
Jesus got until he died this is why I
regret giving them the iPad stuff what
are you doing with the music you dicks
May
I swear to God fuck's sake it's like
being in a fucking wild house yeah
give me the iPads you idiots develop
your advanced age and drag you in so
everyone keeps changing the songs like a
fucking stop
what I can't live with this shit I have
to be honest it's 6:30 in the morning on
New Year's Day there's way too many
glasses in here to clean this way too
many glasses in here to the clean and
there's way too many glasses there to
clean and I just realized there's food
to eat so like this could just all wait
till the morning because right now this
is not negotiable hovering for give me
the iPod grace give me the iPad you twat
he's right I got fuckin ways get these
fucking do based on I got Kristen Sam
help me I can't do this anymore
stop dying spell a drink for the record
it is 6:30 in the morning
and we are all decided because my bed is
that big that we can fit what are you
actually both in this comfortable no
getting this low through me so basically
me Sam and Tom I shared a bed because
this bed is made for fucking like five
women we're getting in there I would
trade the fuck out in the mid stage of P
my legend would thank you very much
watch you know hope you've enjoyed today
if you have leave a like grade when one
Chester English tune in till tomorrow to
find out what goes on that
I'd right I'll catch you guys tomorrow
thanks much I love you all you legends
on goodbye
