morning world welcome your faces to a
new vlog a new day and I am so tired
about about four hours sleep I don't
know what I did again but my arm is
completely like locked in this shape I
can't do anything about it oh I don't
know what I've done to it but I'm gonna
go back to bed so if that's the end of
todays vlog thanks for watching and I'll
catch you guys tomorrow ah sign in bed
for like the last hour two hours I'm
like man so damn hungry I got to get
better eventually get some food and then
I realize I ordered food like an hour
ago and it's here I got it off to cook
anything it's on its way oh one
millisecond later Oh ultimate
anti-drinking food and but where would
we be today if we weren't doing some CS
go low and I just one myself a brand-new
337 dollar knife would win look at this
beauty we have acquired an m9 bayonet
fear factory new it is just delicious
and all the topic of knives whereas my
own self ego two knives real quick this
this was right here my stattrak crumpet
map will fade this used to be like nine
hundred dollars it's now officially and
a thousand-dollar knife it's gone up in
value so not gonna lie I'm pretty proud
of that's going to keep on to this and
I'm never ever ever ever going to lose
this I'm going to keep it from life it's
gonna be another day of shenanigans of
me just being in my apartment being
hungover recovering to then be fresh for
tomorrow but as always we have a new
naked drink to try this is called
strawberry banana and in it you would
guess there is 22 strawberries one
banana one apple and a hint of orange
don't want the oranges in there but
let's give it a try iran iran iran smell
test straight away smells really bad
actually smells really really bad but
let's give it taste I don't know feel
but I it tastes quite nice at the start
but then ya know it's got a really good
it's got really bad aftertaste yeah
because it's about time to try this bad
boy I've been really looking forward to
it but i guarantee you may end up not
liking it the hell I got the soup go
the microwave and I swear to god it just
sounded like an explosion what just
happened it's everywhere something in
the soup just completely exploded I
father I thought it smashed the ball
Boggs oh it's out and it smells
incredible but I've Chris taste I don't
know in the background you can hear me
listening to David Attenborough but
we're about to take taste this soup
because again i don't know how i feel
about it smells really really funky it's
not that bad you just it just seems a
bit weird like it shouldn't exist just
as I'm rested and recovering I get a
phone call off fluke sorry i text a
fluke said hey Tom come and join me
minion Hank for a beer now i'm not going
to join them for a beer but I am gonna
go Jonna for food because that soup did
not fill me up well showertime freshen
up time and then head on out you like
hold it like a hobo now let's see how I
look in a minute boom just like that
we're heading out after i spend like 25
i was looking for my wallet found it
totally fall left the other club last
night Connaughton under here going out
gets food get some drinks no alcohol
water you see I'm there thinking I'm
going out just to go get food and relax
and chill but now it turns out I'm going
to like a secretive bar that's heading
down agin or somewhere great I just
specifically said I am going out not
drinking and as soon as I get here
cheer Boys appreciate a lot more alcohol
already fuck my life it gets even better
and better better because I don't know
from not yesterday's vlog the day before
me and mini get rock paper scissors and
in the blog because i was editing it
drunk i figured i lost five hundred
dollars it turns out we did a double or
nothing and he just showed me is better
in transfer and I'm five hundred dollars
oh so thanks thanks Freddy
fun now this is this is this is Hank
Luke's Luke's brother I'm sure I already
told you guys that before but this is
the squad squad right now yeah you're
homeless guy your own zur is that Prius
homeless guy with the toyota prius well
okay this pizza is way too fucking bit
look at the scale of business a little
10 inch or an 8000 through it hungry huh
kill them I had gone so yeah food well
you know what next time someone invites
me to a shady bar with a red light above
it I'm gonna say yes again that was
fucking awesome I always say yes to
going to shady bars in alleyways cuz
then you bump into people wear and bacon
strip t-shirts and homeless guys glad
success oh boy fist bump again we've
already said goodbye but doing it for
the vlog goodbye to your fish you want
to know why people say the rain forests
are being destroyed because their
sentience much fucking wet about all
this junk I never want any of it they
just keeps enemy advertisements to like
geico insurance i'm like i'm so used to
these walls being all padded so like
what i'm drunk i just buying it to them
cuz it's a bit they're basically to
protect you know obviously the elevator
sides but now it's gone can weird I like
it I like a lot oh here we go then so I
decided obviously csgo a lot of time say
hello everyone zone i do nothing josho
jean is on the site as well and I've
decided to pull up a fight bad 5115 do
that's that zombies code right there
right there and hidden and Josh og is
gonna go up against me what is that
smiley blue yellow ball gotta do oh my
god josh is put a star trek butterfly
factually slaughter on the line oh my
god ah we lost we lost brings to just OG
so i cannot complain but that would have
been a beautiful winner back to new
statue let me delicious all right ladies
and gentlemen i'm in bed and I've really
not done that much today or yesterday
apart from being drunk and hungover and
stuff on this day I love going out
socialize and hanging out with friends
and being drunks off on everything but
the biggest thing I've learned for
vlogging is it's just not worth going it
stupidly drunk
it's not socialize like I said boy it's
just not worth it because in the next
day I'm hung over I don't know vlog
don't want to do anything like that I do
want to be gone out doing cool shit i
just can't come I bodies physically
absolutely wrecked so days like this
today happen but I've got some really
cool stuff in the works and I might be
going to pack south which should be
pretty awesome I like be doing a
collaboration with Devin Supertramp
which should be awesome and all this
sort of stuff for like if I could tell
you like one thing I want to do right
now is like I just want to get up and I
go to Australia that's what I want to do
I get up and just go to Tokyo I'm gonna
just get up and do these things but I've
got responsibilities that I'm stuck here
in LA to kind of be doing you know and
it don't get me wrong it's good stuff
that I'm doing but like what I wanna be
doing is going adventuring going doing
this going meeting you guys all around
the world and the more the more I keep
thinking about the more urgent need to
get off my ass and do it like I said you
know I'd get shit done just get up and
go and do it life's too short make the
most of it but these responsibilities
I've got in a layer things that are
established me for in the future and
just a really annoying thing it's like
I'm crossing between what I stand from
what I say and what I'm doing and what
not doing so just small and I little
thing and I want to make sure that I
don't get so hung over from here on out
like I know it will happen and know what
you can quote me on this they will never
stay stand but um I really want to tone
it down I'll just be able to sober up so
goddamn good that I can just vlog and do
cool shit because I am really sick of
being stuck indoors in my apartment
feeling like crap so well try and think
of some cool stuff to do when I'm
hungover so if you guys are some
suggestions of stuff to do when Tommy's
hungover which is now person at my wife
apparently then at least some comments
down below make sure they like rate and
subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
for whatever we're gonna be doing what's
gonna hope it go snowboarding by the way
but my left arm is still killing me to
the point where I might actually go to
the doctors and try and find out what
the fact I've done to it so until
tomorrow and leave a comment saying
terrestrial tits twist turquoise
Terrence's I don't fucking know good
night
