it is the morning after the night before
and I am not hungover but I was up till
7 a.m. which is ridiculous working but
we decided it's a Mad Hatter's Tea Party
today so one's a shirt shoes and wait
till you see the Hat I've gotta be late
late late for an important date
I'm good to be late what the hell is
this I thought you said 100 Tea Party I
came in what know what not even Gosha
ball I put shirt on the onesie my shoes
and my heart well I guess I got the
wrong benefits of having in the glass
table you can see my beautiful feet
underneath shit excuse me sir we step
bless Africa
what are you doing this yeah absolutely
loves it up there
all right Ken's off girls off we are
heading to go and have some sort of late
Christmas dinner with my round nose
let's joke and now we wait for the woman
go right over all right mate you ready
to some food yeah all right hey guess
what your pain hey your pain
I'm a good guy sorry can win steel is
more like this is the proper one put
your hands up let's go absolutely love
the stuff here because last time we were
aging because these knocked over to
drink and we jokingly said that my
grandma we just went to know people's
own and brought her out and now that we
turn it with another all fruits and
resent that we found someone else from
North Elvis and so I want to drink well
you look very smart and tippy no I hmm
just can't even this out right now what
do you call this it's cut already a
coastal road is spelt with a 10-8 cow
how do you saying
cooler sorry again
apparently he's just decided to say no
to pronouncing the T you like your ha
doesn't know when to quit my granddad's
declared war at playing table football
gets mean calvess you ready I'm gonna
take his pension up in but me you losing
all your money where's your wallet you
might as well give it me not taking
three well yesterday's vlog was a whole
what said oh four I was in fifty minutes
like I am so damn sorry I really try my
best to get the vlogs upon time but when
I'm like with family and busy and stuff
it's really really difficult to do but
on the phone know if you want to know
what just happened to me when to sit
down so was it my phone I'm just gonna
sit here on my phone like this as I went
down fucking head boy down as high as I
could to the point where my teeth
tingled
and my lips Windham so if I have an
occasion but concussion and died and it
was nice to know yo BAM
Tom Tom wants a drink now I don't know
how I've been gone for about an hour
doing the vlog you know I've been
getting that doing gonna whop all that
this entire time he's still in a
watching a taking
my brother just got finished watching
take it turnes why was that in the
center on a 200 inch screen with that
bar service that gave you your right
with bar service anyone s RI cheeky kid
Oh as it stands granddad's gonna get
five very son all right
get Alice to count we're about to watch
the vlog from the day before which I've
just finished editing and you tear about
to say a very drunk
especially for people oh you guys are
all tweeting all these screenshots of it
from yesterday's vlog just completely
operatives well you know this is what
happened I love you guys you're the best
all right look after yourself you're not
getting out yeah all right lunch hey
don't you be hit you too drunk and
partying to add without me right see
what I do
csgo no time now got a double bet going
on I got one over here one over here
we're going back-to-back let's see if we
can get a double win we've got one side
going will we win will we
yes we did nice Oh
game twos going on dangers going on can
we win can we make it can we make it to
make it double win back grow back you
don't want I didn't even have like a
crazy rave today I just had a Mad
Hatter's Tea Party
and it's probably Messier and smellier
in my house right now like look at this
there's a fucking school on my brand-new
chair it's the manhattoes Tea Party has
been more mud than any house pie I've
had in the past week this is the biggest
bear I've ever done fucking warned you
short bucket yes rip aroni pepperoni I
went knife for fuckin knife what are you
fuckin complaining about no one cares
about
oh sorry like I said I was gonna put you
in the vlog this guy has been waiting
for ages for someone to bat against him
and he just would what a legend
yes I've spent so much money trying to
get knives on open cases and stuff and
it's fun to do that book
oh so satisfying when you win a fucking
knife rather than buying one I've never
actually bought a knife in my life so
the fact that all the ones that I've
obtained from winning it feels damn good
oh this is non-negotiable
it is currently 3 o'clock tomorrow and I
just realized I've gotta go put the pin
out so this is gonna seem a little bit
weird because when we last spoke I was
emptying the bins outside cuz I've
finished editing the vlog on time today
which is awesome but it's currently
daytime outside and for the record
yesterday's vlog everyone's like oh we
could see your ass when you enjoyed the
vlog go back to yesterday's vlog watch
it when I look in here and wearing these
same green pants so if you all you women
out there like Oh Tom we saw you touch
me no you didn't okay I did you
get on support that I'm trying to say
Theodore Bagwell watch yourself this
room looks like a grenade went off so as
you guys know I have a personal Twitter
app Pro syndicate and I've had that
since the dawn of time since I've
started my youtube channel
but there's another Twitter account that
I need to let you guys know about oh my
god the unicorn turn brown interesting
the what you've got to follow right now
is if you never want to miss a video of
me uploaded on YouTube because YouTube
subscription boxes notification system
and all that can really really really be
buggy sometimes it's annoying because
you guys don't miss the videos and it's
really upsetting that that happens but
there is kind of a way around it that
I've kind of help for our what found so
turn our you looking at right now guys
it's central upload on Twitter right
this is the account but how to use for
notifying you guys are only ever posting
when a video goes live nothing ever else
is tweeting from anyway I don't
personally tweet from it nothing like
that literally and only the thing gets
gets posted from this is when a new vlog
goes live so what I need you guys to go
and do is put the follow on him here
I'll never tweet from it there's no
point you guys tweet at it but if you go
and follow this account and go to this
little settings bar here on your mobile
phone or on a computer and go to turn on
mobile notifications if you click that
whenever I would have walk this posts
out like a tweet to say the vlog has
gone live so you guys can go oh it pops
up on your phone like a text message and
says Tyler you can now go and watch the
vlog so go enjoy it so yeah it's just a
little extra bit of a notification edge
to your faces so thank you well ladies
and gentleman his blazeit420 in the
morning I'm going to bed thank you very
much for watching make sure you click
that like button let me know you enjoyed
the video has been subscribed every day
6 p.m. UK time unless I am drunk
hungover or just with family and late in
general so until tomorrow thanks
watching and good bye
