boricua welcome you face to another vlog
Oh what are we having today today on the
list we are drinking Oh bright beat
beats friggin beats no contains two and
a half beats one third of a carat one
and three-quarters apples third of a
lemon coconut water a hint of ginger yet
guess there's no time like the present
blends well you go away this does not
sound appetizing but I'll tell you how
it is nope
two days ago with my haircut now I can
definitely tell you this is probably the
worst haircut I've ever had when I first
got it done I don't have it spiked up so
I was like yeah it's probably fine but
this entire one side is longer than this
one and then I've got like this short
patch of hair at the back which kinda
spiked up so whatever that woman did to
my hair when I got it caught I don't
know so
next time we're never go in there again
morning Bay I hope you doin okay
Oh mate I rhyme but my lyrical gangster
I was supposed to go in snowboarding
today really really really good I didn't
I just don't have the time if I were to
set off like when I woke up which was
like midday because I went to bed deadly
it would have taken me hour and a half
to drive there I would have only been
able to snowboard first hour and then
because it's a Friday and traffic it
would have taken me probably about three
hours to get back so I would have missed
going out with the lads tonight so that
is not what I want to fuck off so
unfortunately had to pass on
snowboarding probably a good thing I did
as well one because my arm is still
killing me from what snowboarding and
I've got like a big pain in the back of
my knee so that would be my like my
guiding leg for snowboarding I even know
I'm talking about what I actually think
I'm gonna go back into hairdressing to
get this shit taken care of a change of
scenery we're at the mall I'm doing a
bit shopping and getting some stuff for
the house getting some new plates and
bowls and stuff because it's a difficult
decision of finding the ones that match
my existing ones this is things you have
to do when you become a grown-up match
your cutlery and plate or old read who
knows crust these are the exact matching
ones that I've got at home if the a
thing great if they're not then I would
have to make a return journey here okay
shopping run one done I got this off an
ironing board and iron and the place
hopefully now I won't be walking around
we'll be walking wound round increased
shirts when I go to events it's such a
nice day I wish I went snowboarding so
badly but I know I would not have made
it back in time to get alcohol in my
system which I'm also very much gonna
regret because when I get drunk that
means the next day my vlogs most likely
late so throughout this day every time I
like record a clip I'm adding the clip
to the like that's the program to make
the video and just trying to stay ahead
of it so when I go out when we have the
going-out footage to the moment I get
home footage to edit trying to sell
myself trying to save myself a headache
where by the time I get home I'm gonna
be honest that I don't actually know
what I even need anymore
shopping but I'm just gonna wander
around oh yeah toaster ah-hah I finally
exactly what I need
pots and pans for making myself so much
real food I'm sick of buying food in
like takeout and stuff so I'm gonna
start cooking so that's what we need
trip to of about a thousand pots and
pans done oh wow now because I'm British
I just remembered one thing I need a
teaspoon not a tablespoon a teaspoon for
making cups of tea well I'll be bollixed
didn't think I was gonna find some and I
found exactly what I needed
success oh my god this is the one I got
last time and it's the same make oh my
god they're gonna look fabulous together
I need to stop and ask myself if I'm
having a mental breakdown or not because
I'm buying tea spoons oven mitts and
dish towel wash cloth towels I'm good
this is the jacket that I had but I lost
it and have just found again on sale so
I'm like fuck yeah but the zip doesn't
work and I don't think they have any
left and it seemed by perfect size I cry
every Kim we are good got my third bag
of gear and now I'm basic we're heading
to packs on to see if they've got any my
favorite
back in so if they do we're set for
closed for tonight I don't know when I'm
sure there won't do anything without so
let's just fingers crossed Hot Topic the
one place to buy every single youtuber
shirts in one festering pit however this
is my favorite store in America packs on
well that was like the most random thing
ever I went to go and get like a
keychain just so I could tell which key
was which when I was going into my house
and locking it because they're all the
same type and I was waiting waiting
waiting waiting waiting this guy was
arguing with someone behind the counter
and I was just like I need this this
blue thing is like 60 cents and I got a
$20 bill and he just looked at me was
like it's fine you can have it on the
house and just let me have it
would you just look at that view it is
absolutely beautiful we did the shopping
all's good in the hood
now we're gonna try and solve this hair
situation back in Best Buy
after a new printer so I like this one
oh but that $79 printer check now as for
this hair you've heard me moan about it
all damn day all damn day I've got an
answer for what we're gonna do it's
probably gonna go very wrong but I'm
gonna attempt to trim it myself this
this is gonna go so wrong but wish me
luck and then take it I'm gonna try to
it in one fell swoop and just like that
all right
we did one fell swoop it worked but
there's still a bit more it's actually
perfect it's exactly what I needed that
will stick your bit trim shit is gone
the only reason why it looks a bit weird
now is the colour that well it looks
like it's got a big patch up but I
didn't it's the right length it's just
that my hair is like white and blacks
are out now so it just looks really
patchy like I said it look like a dirty
towel so yeah what the hell who would
leave all this stuff Ian oh my god I'm
gonna steal it are these the ones of all
you might be like the exact same no did
not are these the ones of all and you
might be like the exact same no did not
so I've got here I wish I would really
oh
this is mavin ooh I want $2,000 off by
the way so do you wanna just look at me
he's nice and sober now give him my two
hours he's gonna be completely fucked
all right where's ordered Isis gosh yeah
I don't know if I like him
well I can definitely say my night has
been worthwhile thank you for paying
your debt sir kids kids he owed me five
dollars for dinner and I always sorry my
LVL be $500 so hey you know what a
Lannister always pays his debts okay
good money actually did I'm still
waiting for the money to completely so
find out what happened to that this is a
child's dream it's like seven shots in
there I'm giving you the chance to win
your $500 bye
so alright $500 I'm heads heads
but my $2.00 oh oh oh my god what the
hell is this it's a bubble printed LED
fuck oh my wait you guys break it
oh please oh please oh nice broke it so
I'm stuck on the gal qahal
yeah and I'm the one with like a broken
arm right now so it's a great great
friendship you can understand right we
always blame nature I thought I was
going snowboarding tomorrow I just don't
see that being it's oh my god my app I
like I haven't broken my arm but I've
definitely strained and more sauce
sprained a muscle cuz my fucking arm is
killing me completely so I'm doing the
drinks run for them the guys nadeshot
had loads of vodka in but he never had
any beer so I'm getting Stella shock top
and Peroni if they sell porn in America
I don't think they do but they do there
you go so sold I've done the that's me
doing the drinks run there it is for the
guys tom is the homie everyone else is
out there drinking enjoying themselves
and I'm here collecting beer great
friend step two of the night we're in
the Ober after that amazing boat look at
that just look you iPhone
would you just look at this
best DJ of the night definitely
brûléed show in the first half and
poison the second your boy oh shit
together the moment i early two four six
oh my days of dog hey maybe that's what
nate is about to show me how to damn
know how to see what how did i hit that
damn yeah I did I did actually fuck it's
just a medicine ladies and gentlemen to
the Venice
one fucking day yes
let's go so we can't drop your chin
busted we try how drunk are we right now
too drunk
the morning after the night before this
isn't the start of tomorrow's vlog this
is me wrapped up last night's vlog
because it just came to an abrupt stop
basically we can encourage Justin shots
and then everyone's leaving Angela gave
me a lift home we've vanished he drops
his new mixtape which is fucking great I
love that track
that's why I'll give you guys a sneak
peek but then I basically got outside my
apartment because they drove me to here
got out the car didn't even say goodbye
to them just walks off in the other
direction to go to Subway went to Subway
how the hell it was still open that late
at night like half to a lawyer
no I why would a subway be open at that
time please tell me I don't I didn't
break into somewhere this is aunt Eve
and Elaine on my hands right now it
might look like shit but this is
anti-vandal pain so this is even from me
breaking into some way even though
someone served me or it's from climbing
over nadeshot skate so I'm just gonna go
with that boy went there got food sat on
a bench ate the subway came back and I
survived like a text everyone everyone
was fine everything turned out fine
throughout that we are a great night but
flooding out that is what happens when
you drink too much definitely we all
said we were going to drink too much to
the point where we just couldn't
remember the night and that's what we
did but fuck you know it's so I'm so
glad I've logged otherwise I would not
remember how the hell the night panned
out so if you guys enjoyed the vlog make
sure you leave a like rate and subscribe
a like Zed it's probably like two
o'clock in the afternoon right now I'm
gonna drink a load of water often and
I'm gonna go to bed so thank you very
much watching your own legends and god
damn alcohol like my life
