go around ladies and gentlemen welcome
your faces to today's vlog this is gonna
sing super Ellen because it's currently
midnight right now as I'm editing this
vlog and I just realized that I've don't
eat a lot of the footage from today's
Stein vlog about five six minutes of its
disappeared but basically the the grass
for the start of the vlog was to let you
guys know about if you've ever waited to
meet me and you're from the UK or Europe
or anything like that and you want to be
over my face in person you want to pie
it with me if you're 18 plus and you
want to drink with me and really enjoy a
gaming event for the first time ever if
your faces I am going to insomnia also
known as I 57 if you want to go I'll put
the link down description to the tickets
if you sign up to it and use the code
syndicate you get 10% off some save me
some money there but hopefully a bunch
of you guys go to it because I am
completely looking forward to this event
I've been to so many other Insomnia's in
the past and I'm stoked beyond belief to
go to this one so if you're excited if
you want to meet me signings hanging out
doing random cool shit playing video
games together then make sure you go to
57 and I'll see your face is there thank
you for watching sorry this is a bit of
a random start to a vlog I don't usually
do this much of a long talk and clip but
I am a derp and I deleted a lot of
footage off the camera so yeah enjoy the
vlog don't we looks tasty but when it
tastes tasty I thought yesterday was
okay but can I don't tell me a
difference between why this side is much
longer than this side and there's no
hair in the back at the store even
minimum lady said that they were gonna
come and collect my my dishwasher an
hour ago it's dark outside guy had lots
of stuff thought what to do today okay
we can bag outline not look like a
person sat on the side of my couch that
is kind of creepy just like that the
washing machine is all gone and I'm
gonna get rid of this move all these
bags and I thought of something really
cool that I want to do so I want to put
my board somewhere that's always ready
to rock and roll I'm ready to go it's
like rolling it's like it snowed up in
the mountains grab it and go you could
just say put it in a cupboard bought
this little space here I want to like
make an attachment to attach the board
to the wall here so it's always there
boots go underneath and win this charges
section here I want to make this always
so my GoPros like all my mounts all my
attachments like all this shit basically
just to go there so if I like come on
one day I might want to go snow bunny I
just will just grab it all oh god I just
think it looked really cool and
professional as well so you know like I
like the Batman has like a soup and
stuff like I want like got Sheila okay I
won't like my helmet up there always
ready to go with the goggles on and I
think that'd be pretty damn sick so
hopefully get it all done I'm feeling
happy about the apartment it's still
looking great new dishwasher is perfect
and other than that like no complaints
everything's great well I shout and
change and look who I found
I'm just at teasing it now by the way
we're working on a film not I've
mentioned it we're working on a film and
no it's not just some random shit bill
it's a fucking awesome film yeah yeah
and and by the way it's not a comedy
it's not anything like that it's a
wholly nude it's a later time it's a
fully nude horror film music what is
this shit what is it how's it finish now
obviously no it's not it's still fucking
going it's old-school cut-rate it is
old-school chemist so someone could say
he spoiled his car got his ass wiggly
enough with me an anchor out here boa
and the moment we walked in we saw saw
what we recognize you gotta leave a
comment down below who could possibly
because I'm about to show you in 3
seconds 3 2 2 1
in the background behind this really
tall guy under Missouri a wild honk J
and the wild nature having the dinner
date being adorable and touching each
other's pinkies oh yes delicious crab
cocktail Matt look at that watch your
trap I ever let you down you see we
don't mess around on a lobster there's
steak and lobster steak steak and
lobster oh my God look who I found
just kiss we almost kiss promoted after
not this is the first guy that ever flew
me out to Los Angeles without you love
you buddy
and now I'm gonna buy a madryn can get
over him so go fuck yourself
I am doing myself so much prop right now
this is like the most perfect cord bear
I think I've ever done in my life nature
over any shrinking okay cheers buddy
cheers good friends and gay fuck you say
Gary Bauer we're bucking bar again
yeah because you're a bloody woman mate
and I've got I've got my beer Cheers we
were together we were drinking but trust
me tomorrow's vlog mavens gonna be out
with us tomorrow's vlog guys is gonna be
late I'm telling this right now because
I'm gonna be so drunk it will not go up
and down so enjoy it look forward to it
and rest in pieces nadeshot
yourself a navy my mate we hang out
tomorrow I'm I'm gonna be at tomorrow's
vlog hey yo get off my back I gotta fuck
him up right that's my ride see buddy
boom look after yourself foot my bitches
take names back to the apartment was
like I'm just gonna go to bed because
I'm tagging it's like 10 o'clock but
then I just realized you know there's no
Razak's making like know through my
dryers for so I need to get my until
this is dry I'm not allowed to go to bed
so it's currently half past 10:00
bollocks
from having a mirror with nature an
optic J what what am i watching this guy
is on Twitter and an accordion for
happiness alright he's trying to raise
money for pays debts I think so I don't
need donated 130 $3 trillion
seven cents so that comes towards like
8,000 ruble whatever it is but like look
at this how amazing is this you guys
will check him out that's his twitch I
hope you can see it screenshot but like
this guy is a fucking legend
oh no addresses right now today's vlog
makes kind of no sense from the
beginning because I deleted a bunch of
videos of my camera and made the biggest
mistake of deleting and permanently
deleting all the files from this morning
I probably had about five minutes worth
footage that I ended up deleting so I
apologize sorry about that I'll try not
to make it up it again but every like
two weeks or something I have to click
delete all the footage because all these
vlogs are done on my iPhone so it
completely he's still going in the
background it completely clogs with my
flowing phone and makes it run slow so
hopefully I'll try and stay on top of it
you know never happen again
I was taking a shit and I'm wobbly
fucking with my pants down cuz this is
the okk theme tune the feels
oh my god I literally was taking a shit
and run off my toilet for this others
not too bad feels are so strong I
thought today's vlog I made it sound
like if you were to go to a 57 in 1757
the gaming event to meet me hang out and
do some cool stuff you had to be 18
course no no you can be I think you have
to be like 13 plus or at least have an
adult with your something if you're
younger than that more than welcome to
come all ages are more than welcome
absolutely cool as hell with me but the
reason why I said 18 plus is because
insomnia is known for its pub quiz now
it's pub quiz is known as like a really
big drinking atmosphere pas alive Louis
and all that even if you don't drink you
can still attend it you just have to buy
a ticket for it it's like really cheap
it's like 1 2 pounds something like that
if not more I don't even know basically
they throw this pop quiz and it's
absolutely amazing if you do drink
alcohol I enjoy but I ended up white
last year buying like I think like 300
people drinks it cost like a thousand
pounds and it was just ridiculous like
it's my way to just kick back with
people who watch my videos and chill and
hang out with you and that's exactly
what I want to do this year again so if
your rates in force is even worth while
you're going even if you're just gonna
go with friends for a drinking weekend
of partay ravenous then do it hopefully
mode step and flex 2 billion they're
gonna go we're trying to work that out
if they back out of it then they're just
a lot of bitches but fingers crossed
that can all go ahead but if it does go
ahead hopefully I'll see a bunch of you
there and we'll rave out itself okay you
know what is awesome fresh sheets oh my
god they're so comfy
I know it's even better FaceTime with my
mom I just faced haven't won for like an
hour it was so good to catch up with a
see how she's doing
she works at syndicate original by the
way so anyone who submits an order if
there's a way to attach and know if
you're gonna buy syndicate sure leave a
note saying Karen you're awesome Matt's
my mom's name so if you want to get
shirt the links down below as well but
everyone's been buying these wristbands
at the moment and she's like we're just
so now these responds like crazy so if
you do buy what I'm trying to touch a
note to it somehow just saying like it I
don't even if there's a way to do it but
if there was any way to get into it she
just tweet syndicate original saying
Karen we love you or Cindy mom we love
you what
you wanna say just to make a smile but
guys thank you very much for watching
today's vlog it's been a bit random and
all over the place but tomorrow we'll go
and snowboard and have a bit more stuff
too and hopefully I'm going to pack
south and try and book my ticket and get
my ass over to there so I can meet his
amazed you Texans as possible so until
then thank you very much for watching
I'll see yous tomorrow one with
snowboarding and shred in an hour and I
love you guys faces thanks for all the
support thanks for sharing the video
thanks to tell your friends about it
leave a comment say interests or aliens
that terrestrial swimming in Tennessee
to Kinshasa
and I'll catch you guys later bye
