it is currently 12:39 not even started
doing the vlog in the afternoon the
washing machine guys are here which is
great I am always just trying to get
yesterday's vlog uploaded because I've
got to get the GoPro footage off my
GoPro I don't have an SD card reader so
today's going great so far this thing's
the it's like a toy it's doesn't I don't
think even work I don't think I've even
used it that's why I'm upgrading to this
beast but no fucking room there's my new
washing machine fits absolutely
perfectly now there's none of this shit
gonna be happening I can just put this
on nice slick clean fucking awesome and
the funny thing is hey what do you want
to do with your washing machine I just
leave it there to the side the apartment
lady is she's gonna come and get it
she'll move it everything because she's
like absolutely fine the guys left and I
was like alright what should machines in
it's over dishwashers it that's great
the fuck is my old washing machine the
guys were halfway down outside the
building and I was like where you guys
going they were like just get rid of
your washing machines I need it the
fucking one lady would have find me so
much money for getting rid of that shit
but we're calling managed to keep it and
it's a beautiful day in the in the world
of Los Angeles look at that Sun and I'm
going to bed so you know you could tell
I have a random job no one else is
parked in I'm always like the last
person to park the car and the last
piece of person to leave so it's great
for me no complaining now right now I'm
going getting an SD card an SD card
reader yeah that's why we're trying to
actually say from Best Buy bought if
it's convenient enough am I going at my
haircut at the same time I'm actually
liking how its styled right now but
let's just say fucking long in the month
that I've been in LA this is the nicest
the weather has been so far otherwise
it's been raining or cloudy this right
here is exactly what we need me but I
was gonna take one of these this looks
like a smart idea I like this this is
this is smart
this is liar I appreciate you now before
you all start jumping to conclusions I'm
gonna show you what I've got my hand
Irani to calm down this is not for
making a miniature
vlogging KC setup no it's for my webcam
on my PC setup alright it's trust me
it's better to have it on one of these
so you can move it round than it is just
to put it on your goddamn
screening it follow over the place so
I'm sorry to disappoint you we're not
operating the cameras we're sticking
with our iPhones I love you guys I'm
sorry yo I heard you got toasters you
smart you loyal I do not need these
which one none of them I hate them
what the fuck is this this is like one
of them baking ovens that you see in
like American movies so this what is it
a toaster / pizza oven no I just I just
need where you put the bread in the
bread pops out Brown yeah this one now
you know I actually don't like any of
these so we're just gonna be toast lists
this toast let's toast listen toast tote
Tesla's successful trip was successful
time to get the blog doing get that shit
done Dustin all the way uploaded because
it should not be late for you guys then
I've been going at my hair cough swag
finally got yesterday's vlog rendering
which is gonna take four damn minutes
which really sucks because it's already
like 3 o'clock in the afternoon it's
gonna take like basically an hour to
render and then about an hour till it
goes live on YouTube so today's vlog oh
yesterday's vlog is gonna be a whole
seven hours light I'm sorry I tried my
best man I try my best it's just when
alcohol gets in my system the vlog is
always late look who I found
Luke hello bunny tease nominee owns a
car he's a homeless guy with a car I'm
getting this one Scriven chips
fish and chips
that's how British I'm feeling a shout
out to ballistic it ballistics quit just
gonna go ahead and I was gonna either
but now I'm kind of put off right but
it's kind of weird
this is definitely an American twist on
British fish and chips without a doubt
look at this
it comes in segments what so the star
calamari
Dankers shit loved it got ten out of ten
but this fish and chips
alright nine but this fish and chips is
a solid three-hour time it's not bad you
know we see in the wild the predator
approaching the parade approaching the
vehicles of which he's about to slap a
fatty ticket on it no dude I was in
psycho like I'm just mess it's not even
my car all right
we're sailing this local men women is
winning women of the world look at this
chest right the bid on point hair on but
what is this it's like a fucking rocket
touch to his chest that is definitely
cuz I don't have a hairy chest my dad's
never had a hairy chest but fucking it
listen you're a little bitch like most
mature insult ever call me if I'm like
your bitch this is basically the before
I thought it was a good decision to grow
a long hair but now I'm gonna come out
looking like a patchy like I don't know
what can you describe now like a dirty
towel that's what I'm gonna look like
this is the new style shot on the side
long on top I look like a someone needs
to photoshop me next to a picture of a
gnome and it is done later John when we
went short sure I need to wash it
because like all the hair gel and it's
still fucking it around but we did it
it's done it's cool it's sure not sure
about what this piece is doing right now
but it's done finally got it caught feel
much happy about that I'm back the the
the syndicate that you guys know is back
but you've been on this journey of me
not having a haircut for seven weeks but
it's here it's done if you liked it
leave a like right if you don't like it
leave a comment saying testicles I don't
fucking know my landlady needs to come
and collect this because it's just kind
of like it's just fuck it's gonna be so
heavy for her to move and I know she's
not gonna move a robot it's just kind of
like sat here because I got this
brand-new one in and this is just like
get your shit together wash your
dishwasher pots yeah
rekt mate and beyond tired right now
I've got some soup I'm watching some
Netflix and some YouTube videos and
catching up with the world and I'm
probably gonna fall asleep
it's 7:41 I did fall asleep for 20
minutes at 6:00 I'm just way too tired
after yesterday shenanigans so good
drink drink drink super eat soup fuck
I'm gonna inhale this soup see final
compromise and watch some videos and
most likely fall asleep if the vlog ends
here you know what no 1 o'clock in the
morning and yeah this is coil in my
sleep plan ruined for the week now yeah
exciting to vlog for you guys we're
putting on the washing machine for the
first day yeah this is this is literally
something that I went and got my phone
to vlog because I thought it was a
necessary step in the development of our
life together and hopefully I have done
everything right for this to work
perfectly
so fingers crossed food that is edible
any time of day and there's nothing
wrong with it is hands down bowl of
cereal one o'clock in the morning hype
you're absolutely naked without my ham
so you still like throwing it around the
side cuz look the weird thing about my
hair is this you see this this is a
Catholic or a cowlick whatever you want
to call it but cuz when I've got short
hair it just looks really dumb and
stupid but when it's nice and long then
you just flick it to the side and you
don't know is it so now I forgot I had
it so now my hair just always looks like
a potato now so enjoy me looking like
even more homeless with short hair
professional affordable Tom Syndicate
and on that note ladies and gentleman
it's 5:00 a.m. and I've been up watching
the Netflix show high profits I've
completely finished arrow and I'm cop to
that so now like what next and I could
just you know enjoy sleeping and getting
on with my life my but no I decided to
watch a thing about marijuana being
legal in Colorado but anyway guys I'm
going to bed so make sure you leave a
like written subscribe tomorrow I don't
even know what we're doing
I was gonna go snowboarding I supposed
to go snowboarding tomorrow bought some
friends might want to go with it what
the hell might want to go with me and
said on Friday so am I going Friday
instead so thanks for watching love you
all as always and if you didn't check
out yesterday's vlog see went up so
light-cone check out show some love and
your faces are not potatoes you are
currents cuz carrots are courageous
goodbye
