is currently 705 in the morning and I'm
awake able to put the Christmas tree up
last night so I'm hoping this hasn't
ruined it and it's but it's still night
time so that's interesting but it is 7
o'clock in the morning like he's gotta
get up for work so I thought you know
what she's always so awesome today I
wanted to start week off great so I'm
taking a breakfast in bed
Tom can be nice sometimes and rip
romantic maybe not so much romantic but
I can try what to do when you don't have
a trade to be able to take the food and
drinks up to your wife you use a
chopping board breakfast in bed
we're watching the news see what's going
on with frozen Britain and it didn't I
repeat didn't snow overnight may the
fire in LA is still going 250,000 acres
has been burned when I left it was on
50,000 and it was 15% controlled and now
it's 10% control wrong friends
are you even kidding me right out oh yo
I'm getting up at 7 o'clock every day
your other plowing snow it's a sign as
well rose you were good we've got
half-price baby born boys toys oh the
feels oh my god I look so Joey's as a
kid was the best thing ever when you
grab my granny used to say right it's
time to go Christmas shopping you be
like how much do I have as a budget to
spend on Legos Legos expensive like I
said did it actually snow overnight so
it's not too bad we've just got a bit of
ice on the road but other than that I
think the grit has been and Lydia
managed to get a lift to work so you'll
have to gather a friend picked her up
we're good to go
the fact that there's no snow does not I
repeat does not deter me from going
hopefully to the showroom today to see
this defender so let's see what it looks
like and you know what
I'm very much more than people like if I
commit somewhat important through
straightaway I've done a bit of research
about it I've looked around and looked
into it and I'm liking about seeing
everyone I've shown this defendant who
has been like that's good that's awesome
and as long as my dad gives it the but
tic say we might be driving home in it
today
you know what life's too short make the
most of it so if you guys want to get
your in distance l city commissioners
shirt in time for christmas
life's too short make the most of it
insignia shirt is available syndicate
regional campuses what I'm reppin today
design on the back looking like a beast
so let's get this day started yeah who
actually gonna get the superfast
internet and you know what I went out to
LA and when I went out to LA I managed
to get the Grand Tour video stream thing
don't I - do the sonic deal and all that
sort of stuff so you know what I've been
able to come back - you came to like you
know what screw this rather than just
having money sat in my bank account I'm
gonna execute on getting this new
internet now yes it is the back end of
2017 right now so it probably won't get
installed till 2018 but we'll start 2018
with superfast internet thousand up a
thousand down
it's a stupid amount of money but you
know what you hear me just complain and
complain and complain about not having
fast internet but it's there I can have
it you just have to spend the money on
it and you know what I think it'll
change my life so much for the better
then it might as well be done in getting
a can buy an account get from A to B
with a car could change your life then
why not having something that could
transport all your information from A to
B it's faster spot and basically buying
the Ferrari of Internet's just so I can
get like cual I hate Steve logs - you
guys fast forward and make sure it's on
time faster and the stock can streaming
bad quality so let's make a cup of tea
let's be British and let's tack
yesterday but we need to get this tree
moved into there look at the amount of
mess it's made already like that this is
such a bad idea yeah anyway let's take
this off the tree did in fact fall over
last night we don't know it was the cats
or it just naturally fell I think it
naturally fell but we'll take that in
there because the longer is in this
netting the more it's gonna stay like
this closed so we need to open it up to
let it like let it just spruce out and
be beautiful my house actually smells
really nice as well
right is it this oh it's not but it's
been let's let's slice it open and see
what it looks like I think
I'm pretty sure all entities like this
why is it come on the bottom my office
oh it's ready yeah go on go on three
come on that tree line this is Christmas
where's the Christmas music but it's
some michael bubbling and gentleman hey
that tree is show been it snowing for
it's not even stood up by itself it's
leaning against the window but more
importantly it's held on by the top of
the tree that this base is shit if you
ever go to a garden center never buy
this base it looks like it
mathematically doesn't make sense
because it doesn't make sense the weight
distributions pathetic wait Lydia can be
happy knowing if I walk over here look
at that let my tree it's a late train so
when she goes did you put the lights on
the tree you can say yeah I did I just
turn them on but they go right I might
dry out now we'll deal with decorating
it later
I nearly smashed my fireplace when that
fell over what boy I know at least about
oh for God's sake
I've got trees I've got a tree skidmark
oh god I've got a tree skid mark on the
wall that's just great yes what a
productive duck I literally can't
English this morning what a productive
start to the day we're having windows is
updating I actually know what I need to
do I need to get when we get him a new
PC so I so hurry my my dude in a minute
and see what's going on with that but
England looking very good damn cold he
looked very glad damn I see I'll have to
say that for free but it didn't snow we
were - oh boy struggling b-boy struggle
and defrosting and up pigeons I was told
non-stop snow snow snow snow snow and
you know what it's clearly it's never
happens I was gonna try and just snow
drunk but there's snow snow the snow
snow yeah we're pretty beautiful this
morning so you know what I'm not gonna
complain I'm gonna take it with a pinch
of so on your driveway funds and
I'm just gonna get on with this once it
Perry's up and finishes update this
screen broke downsized to a bracketed
frame and is now doing another update
hey loving cats this morning honey
bloody hell hello we had to have a bit
of a shot at this little one last night
she cuz she scratched my sister
yesterday when I went to pick her up she
tried to turn around and like proper
scratch me like like honestly she looked
like a wild cat with how she was like
hissing it was it's like a proper to
like hold her down something like tell
her like no all that sort of stuff like
or no Jo like an hour until she calmed
down you should calm down she's bi and
then we left it down there and then this
morning it seems to have paid off
because she's being all friendly
actually more friendly than she normally
would be you look at you beautiful
little cat even though you brothers try
to steal all that love this may be
happening what say I just turn the
lights off on the cats all right enjoy
your light what we doin Stephen you
enjoy hiding in there sure when you talk
to a deaf school EDB school used to say
defrost macaque then we're gonna set off
to this showroom which is an hour and a
half away it's my tree falling over yet
hey so yourself now it's like 1 o'clock
so sit off to there take an hour and a
half the latter one Robert we're good
with it gonna grab it I'll Drive it back
that's again if we do get it and my dad
will drive my TT back so let's get this
Shawn Road we ain't goin anyway so I
defrost this by myself
got my little scraping stick over you'd
give it a bit of a scrubber ooh and then
I put my defroster on and then I get it
a bit more of a scrubber ooh I've got
the heated seats on warming up on the
inside well me and my dad get in our
bottoms our toaster oh man I did feel
really fresh and good this morning the
hell's been walking along here a fox a
budget my cats haven't been out out here
and I don't have a dog so I'm guessing
as here it could actually be someone
else's cat wife be more impressed if he
was like a fox or budge or something one
day good this morning thought that well
everything
I decided to drink your monster I don't
know why so we unlimited here like 11 I
feel shit
feel like I'll feel hungover have you
been drinking oh he's done she's she's
done she's pretty much done she's done
alice is the best no you know what
more like it bye like I say I'm talking
a monster don't why like I usually love
monsters I've been drinking lattes like
crazy in LA in the caffeine if that's
been absolutely fine for me like I don't
even crash I didn't crash from coffee or
anything monster crashing hard you
trying to drink a lot of water I just
flush it through my system getting out
my body yeah G cross got my stuff to
Kate but oh wait I did not know you did
occasion sandwich so this is all I'm
ever getting from now on Cajun sandwich
gingerbread man sold wait so is this
what is this occasion chicken sandwich
me this I donated four quid to the
Christmas part of the Christmas pistol
I'm a cheapskate all right cheers mate
good ask me money what you do mean
you're not having it not bad not round
on me oh well you know I came here
dropped off some food oh yeah not good
enough I didn't bring the milk oh well
were cash you're not get any because I'm
going to look at war that took a long
time I took a long-ass time sleep Oh God
G bread my mountain away my pocket the
entire time there's only 47 miles away
buddy Paulie seven hours to get here
I'm pretty sure this is the right place
not in ten shot I think that's it yep
I'm gonna go with her that's it actually
done it's a surprise I bought your
Ferrari yep there she is
oh my god yeah this what I want to get
in my garage look at that oh my lord oh
my lord that's a beast in it look you
know that is a nice nice-looking piece
of kit holy shit never a good sign when
you look at that power and it's leaking
I know it's just water from where
they've washed it to make it look all
shiny but I'm like Oh dad the cars
leaking
oK you've got the big one Rover nice
seats in here look in this very cool
little nice steering wheel going on all
the old-school indicators and stuff I'm
proper deck this out if I did if I did
get one-eyed proper deck it out with all
new custom fittings in it and still this
one's actually one of the rare ones that
you see I come with a screen inside it
rather than it's just a shitty radio
absolute meaning like a proper tractor I
just tested the sound system in it and
it is absolutely a beast
you've got like so like a packet a
speaker package in it I thought it was
gonna be a potato crisps it's like a
tractor but no the sound system is dope
started blaring Stevie Wonder my dad's
at my dad's now pulling apart the car
every window every note every cranny to
see if it works properly look at look at
that
it's a big ol bit of kid I think the
creature comforts of technology you know
Formica TT or something so this is that
will be a bit of a you know kind of a
bit of a shock for me it is a it's nice
it's a nice it's a nice Drive it's nice
being high up from being a TT the entire
time but I definitely feel like a farmer
that's all I can really say is that I
definitely definitely feel like so
Christmas listings of cap is it Segarra
she's at least she's it absolutely
please it looks quite small from the
outside but honestly to me that that
looks like a small vehicle I don't might
look a bit big like 4x4 something but to
me that is a small vehicle however
inside it is a whole nother thing like
the windscreen is dead small it's not
actually a bad ride light it's actually
comfortable it's dead smooth sort of a
thing like it's got all your dental kits
like when your indicate doesn't turn
itself off you know there's obviously no
beef if you're getting close to things
or anything like that so it's an
interesting one but look how nice that
looks it looks really really good
it's heavy like it's heavy on the on the
clutch like going is like ah and then
like a mess wrong with the four-wheel
drive and stuff like differential and
then lock in it and all that was a bit
of a like a head book for me because I
do want to I do want to kind of take it
off roading like properly and then use
it in like icy conditions and stuff I
was like the guy was like to be honest
you will never probably have to put in a
four in like locked or different
unlocked 4x4 mode just to get like up a
hill like you should be fine it looks
like a beast which I'm I care about but
then it's got the power of a beast and I
thought it might be a bit too I like the
max speed you're gonna get out this one
I'm always like 90 but it's not a car
for it's not a car for driving on a
motorway like that's not the point of
this vehicle for me this vehicle is from
he's got to throw a mountain bike in the
back of it or get like a you know mount
on the back somewhat on the rooftop or
somewhat like like a proper off-roading
beast like he doesn't know that you
still got is indicator on right now
bought it is nice i absolutely love it i
love on this camry Carol zebra it's got
like the halogen lights which look
really good
it's a big old piece of gear it's a big
old piece of gear you know I don't want
the sound of it I thought it might sound
a bit to track Tory but it really
doesn't bother me I love it I actually
really like it and there you go ladies
and gentlemen I'm now the proud owner of
a Land Rover Defender Russ thank you
very much fella
on the phone got it done came out a lot
loved it gave us the time and patience
of it absolutely still like that time to
drive it oh this is gonna be interesting
I don't know I'm gonna be stuck in
traffic the inside tie pack oh well time
to give it a go
and there you go I've actually really I
feel like I got my TT and I went like
did that about myself then I like hot
and I've got the keys by myself but yeah
we do it together together nice all
right
Oh any old seafood how's it gonna get
some fuel if I break down I will ring
you okay got a passenger seat love it I
think that's the radio just come on oh
you press this it's not very bad weird
touchscreen things well you think it of
East
well I can't even drove all this way
home now man that's some big ol distance
there to take her god she's gorgeous so
proud to say she's mine a deranged land
rover defender oh she's a beast from the
United Kingdom I love it look at a girl
yeah he's knit me car I still got me
triumphs to be bikes his stuff I like
how he's just drove off I hope he
doesn't skid it on ice like don't get me
wrong I know it's made for that book
watch him scratch it on those cars or
some other oh my lord I'm already used
to driving it I just hour on the hour an
half of the motorway
it is a VIP area what do you think oh
wait oh we want got rum room do you like
it
we saw daddy's 68 point turn there and
just like that she's home
oh go to the light sir I keep forgetting
this there's no rhythm ones where it
just all turns off by itself I have to
make sure a flick my switches and shit
so this one
okay my beast she's home but I like it
this one da da okay now did die actually
lock it did I turn it off properly
I don't remember my light on the insides
left on whatever I've got to go inside
inside and see - wife
oh she's locked she's locked they still
run cuz like when I was coming when I
was coming - to England this time around
I was like you know what I needed four
by four I want for my fault I'm getting
a four by four I've always wanted to
defend it so to say now about I'm
finally going you know what fuck it I'm
doing it I've done it so oh no wait a
minute that's a piece of glass
oh there's a bottle of gems on the floor
there and he's mash glass somewhere I
don't know why I found that I don't know
how about Jameson's I've done good on it
look at see the wavy rings hands up
Briggs Alec wait which one but what was
it it don't want I don't know
I'm used to oh whoa Timmer lights on the
inside on impressive look at some snow
on those wheels you can't see shit it's
too dark alright gonna get in ye oops
easy thing to steal off the fully spare
set of keys in the bloody car oh thank
God I took that up like Academies flippy
floppies where you going
what are you doing mate if my dad takes
my off-roading section that I've just
done I'm gonna be well upset
hey I rang dad and I was like Gayle wait
dad oh wait can I please park on the
grass outside yeah I don't see why not
I've got to take it off-road another
I've got to take it like that's the
whole reason I've got it oh yeah she
parking it don't you eat your camper van
and then sue me for insurance ah it's a
beast in it what do you think died the
cooler but I get close oh my god this is
so much ice my cow would not make it
down here look at it it's like my TT
it's like Daytona greyish like metal
dream
fuck inserts I loved it I loved it it
was just one of those he was like I
really wanted one and I was just like I
could put this off and put this off and
put this off and I was like nope I'm
finding one picking it decided on that
go and get it and we did yeah look at it
in the light
oh it looks beautiful but yo reversing I
don't find it I don't find it mate I
love it I love it I love it I love it I
love it I love it I love it a little bit
a little bit a little bit oh oh I'm
gonna I already know what you've got I
can't show it get out put it on those
have you gone that first one already
before me no I'm done filming me I'm
filming me why do always why de calidad
always get look like clothing before I
do get what's habit
forgot me Blanca sushi door opener
pretty something really serious ah yeah
listen I'm sorry about yesterday for
being late that was dealer in the car
completely forgot I'm so sorry
but anyway Tsutomu ken friend look look
can I just point out how so like Lydia
start on the sofa normally girls start
let's open on even the cat is evil cat
dad no no put your foot back on the wall
yeah everyone's facing the right way
apart from Ken thank you very much for
today sir appreciate it a lot
hey we're gonna we're gonna pimp her out
and she's gonna look ten times better
not not the wife the car what do you
think yeah comparison it's huge
yeah we need a banana for scale you do
like it
I'm glad you like it
it's a beast I took me it took me an
hour and like 45 minutes to get or
minutes I've had quite a bit driving an
hour right even though it's motorway
driving I like quite a bit of driving
press the button once it's somehow
locked so it gets the family approval
literally watching you good luck good
luck thanks if you enjoy this leave if
you want to see more videos then
notifications
