well it's the morning got to the night
before again like it is every day that's
kind of just how the world works but
luckily somehow I woke up 22:12 because
I've got to go and take the Audi to the
garage to get it serviced on Christmas
Eve this is going to be even more
traffic suicide if I try oh and I didn't
do my hair so just wanted Christmas up
oh my goodness I have found a home off
the otter Bonacci can I just point out
how on time for this meeting I am to
drop of my Audi look at that on the
fucking minute yes well stocked blood
Audi kind of disappointed in you my
friends reason why got here on time
got my hungover face out of bed to get
the car delivered to get it sold for
Christmas and get it out the way and
again and they booked me in for 12 to
service my car do all these things and
then they said they can't do because
they calls it one why would you book me
in all right time to walk set every
single one of my local neighbors by
buying every roll of tinfoil that exists
in Tesco Express cuz I need roughing
paper may I can take that for my dad and
wrap in cling film the best present ever
when a bacon sandwich isn't viable as a
hangover cure
these two authorities just got way too
excited over these photos giving it to
keep it big they took me right back to
the day they shot them about 19 here you
will I 1891 these like Irish dancing
shoes is that what they are Northern
Soul dancing jewels to be precise boy
those are the boys
oh this isn't even funny okay right
listen listen listen listen we can do
this the key to success is motivation
cook : but we're getting there one step
at a time and I've called in my ultimate
helper love you love you Tom
rip Nemo cry over Jim everyone leave a
comment want one like you cause one
prayer oh that's cute I run up jeomsun
so no place did with a bigger ball yes
Catherine alright so cleaned the tone
okay maybe not well that cat has gone in
full I am doing nothing mode cuz she's
now got her Superman cape on hello okay
science little helpers help me I don't
think I could have got a better gift off
my dad for Christmas than more beer pong
cups goodbye Keefe alright Oh for fuck's
sake you can't fire Hoover I guess the
hairdryer week
this is perfect
well this is this familiar situation
every day every time I vlog can you oh
yeah yeah we always end up cuddly well
y'all something to tell me about you
daddy my sister I mean neighbor no oh my
goodness me would you just look that
view is beautiful
Oh God he's wild atmosphere it was
captured Karen is a fucking legend
oh no no Oh someone scratched the Slade
yeah I guess it's go off it
yeah the bottle of dis arounds got
really sharp but a sharp bottom to it no
there this is gonna happen then if you
guys remember from yesterday's vlog but
two days ago we went bottle of alcohol
this was a brand new bottle
my cousin drank all of that no one else
drank it it's 40% what the actual fuck I
ordered another Domino's last night oh
fucking hard it's solid on those lessons
I know I know
listen legend Karen has cleaned all the
fucking cooks for tonight cannot even
thank on them enough for that recycling
because that's what you supposed to do
so I can just point something out that
I've noticed
well that Christmas cat again you became
the poster he's in a springing win by
you and Bob hey that is absolutely epic
amazing feel really sorry my granddad
not in a bad way he's got such high
happy sparrows ball usually Christmas
time when my grandma was alive and my
mom and granddad spoke they don't speak
they fell out family arguments but we
used to always have Christmas Day at my
granddad's no matter what my gramma
grabbed my uncle Innova and because like
mom dad split up and all this and
organizing it and you know just trying
to make everyone happy
this year I'm spending it with my mom
and which means we're not good tiger on
his Christmas Day you stop a massive
table and now he's like down to this
small thing it used to like used to see
like eight people
who sees three just oh just sad it's
only one day - yeah but your sudden
we're gonna see him Christmas Day but
it's just just sat in it all right see
like granddad happy merry Christmas Eve
I'll see you tomorrow tomorrow morning
right seal everything just lock myself
in my car for 26 minutes to edit my vlog
when I just like get away from
everything and just focus I can get my
voice edited in my no time I'm going to
having a shower taking a shit and
getting ready for the nightlife of
tonight
it's Christmas Eve the cheer is here and
let's pick in so I was getting ready I
said Tom make me a drink
that is the smell of death it's not that
strong actually it's all right you
static oh ah ah Tom went away and got me
mr. president
whatever could it be I'm not too sure
don't get in it oh what's that I'm gonna
do a team effort getting into this hey
hey Turner my favorite drink
mate all messed I just made
I just remembered I've got
this is Bubba
Allyson son Tom Chris we all agree that
we're getting age of Christmas buttons
now you're downstairs watching this most
likely sound you're watching this go
fuck yourself if you are watching is and
rubber your present right now in the
bathroom so go lock myself in so you
don't find it I'll bite me guarantee
opens it but a Merry Christmas and talk
to rap so some said he's going to show
me his pie trick this is going to end in
fucking tears wait I thought I thought
it was like I thought his make the whole
thing is a bit I thought you were moving
it that's so even not in Brazil Bob Bob
Bob Bob Bob what's a really good way to
get everyone drunk well if you were to
ask me any other day of the week I'd say
go to the pub but seeing as though I
have a bar in my house and I have cups
to play beer pong
we're playing half pint beer pong the
back is all it just dies so this is
going to save those fork all right maybe
that's 3/4 beer pong this is going to
save us the the hassle of going to the
pub sober we get back we get there and
we'll be pretty much raring to go for
Christmas to roll over at midnight ah
it's just so fucking view of oh I'm
absolutely involved with my creation of
half pint beer pong yes I love how Sam
came down here when is this vodka
straight vodka no this is just so this
is just water for watching your drinks
in Canada but this is half pint bourbon
half pie baked on clash of cocks cause
least you all play clash of clans I'm
versus
versus the big Tasty's press defeated
Hey no fucking way
you got it right in the middle which was
our dirty fucking shot Sorry mate sorry
Tom I'm sorry Sam
all right this around for Tom vodka for
Sam and for some reason Bombay shoot
your cell phone because you wide it for
Chris ah Tom it's okay mate but it's the
rules of rules
all right big Tasty's get it down you
come on come on come on now come on
sounds got it
Tom's got it ha ha ha me Tom got it in
the front one which is there - are you
having a fucking laugh what bailey's
well I'll make you two big remember
right I'm a big Jason this is gonna be
fucking aids
that is mine ok that's mine right there
man these your last two balls two shots
left
make up your sake shop come on go on
yeah yeah Team Rocket weight class
fucking fuck fucking go watch it go oh
gosh I don't fucking care oh yeah Oh
Sammy boy isn't he just a sweet
they did it I am now playing beer pong
with this guy ever again Oh some came
over why can you just do a Christmas
message supposing a shot
walked away and some fucking gun in it
so we the rule is because they wait and
we're fucking rolling we've done with
the house we're done some where did you
even just come from where did you come
from some disappear the fight was
already a pork turn around the corner
he's walking down the side street so
we're going to the pub mate
this is gonna be we get in so we're
gonna try and get in a pub fingers
crossed if we do then praise a lot I
would the chances of me doing daily
vlogging and Dana live I happened to
bump into monkey crumpets even though
they don't use all you are you're so
fucking tall I don't here we see in the
wire be seen around
like so it's all inside there's not many
times you get to bump into people like
Lori Harlan basically long story short
well what was it wait we'll say I went
to school with this guy look how big his
head is as well as it so I just feel
like this big as these well this is blue
it's a destination genuine midget it's
just turning it white holy fucking shit
well called well called on a dock the
engaged by over here yes that sounds
like end Gaede boy over here by the way
we got him we got Johnny at the back but
oh god you can't even discuss whopping
tonight but we're not gonna do that
because we're just gonna fucking enjoy
what's going the future we found Bennion
and when it's convinced him to come back
to the house he's that big you might die
walking through the doorway so it's
Christmas and I just lightens like fuck
that come houses Pope expensive drinks
Rock the bucket so bucket ah this legend
right there just got three
but fucking fuck
Thomas Thomas nice the most legendary
beer pong shot ever too much shit about
you crazy fucking shit damn you're
joking where you probably put your phone
down dude listen I don't know hey hey
hey give me about half an hour and I'm
gonna be in there it just come resist
you should not fuck your resist you know
what there's not many times in life
where I get to sit down take your second
let's say Alex Jackson you know who you
are you know exactly where you're from
and I tell you what Merry Christmas and
Happy New Year
and until next time keep watching the
videos so listen one thing led to
another and then me interest and where's
respectfully and now about to run
outside and get in the hot tub because
apparently the peels and warming up solo
stars
I literally just got in the hot tub
right now and the people I got in Ruth
its Chris in Hana but okay I literally
just said don't fucking shout you out
it's cold outside
just outside holy just put on but don to
it so up anyway
fucking hell the hot tub has been
fucking roasting all day are we finally
hey by the way guys congratulations
we'll get round right literally just
shot day two and a Big Brother house
we're skipping to this I got like two
percent battery some idiots went on the
fucking back anyway again I literally
have the most again sound secure house
and world but it's been outside making
shoulder noise neighbor doesn't like it
came out complaining I was like me it's
Christmas at the same time it is
Christmas Eve
so I try and tone everyone down now I
can't say that four years ago three
years ago from college we'd be all here
we literally just bumped into in the pub
and I don't even know how he exists oh
I'm sure you should be dead by now huh
and Tom Mokelumne is a fucking agent
that's just simple math with Tom so
thank you very much one I love you all
and a nice Christmas
