oh yeah now apart from it being 7:00
a.m. in the morning amia only getting
three hours sleep
she literally go back and watch
yesterday's boy I was like it's four
o'clock in the morning good night so
it's now at 7 a.m. in the 7 a.m. in the
morning I am stupidly stupidly tired but
yeah look it it came so it's like now
perfect it was always like a little bit
of an extra gap it but this little
centerpiece these little center consoles
come and so is this one as well and if
you wanted Tom what's so special about
the center console why so why so stoked
about it well check it out
drinks holders an USB charge shock is
inside or so now the sofa just goes wrap
around wrap around wrap around room so
it's absolutely on point for watching TV
on point for holding your drinks
so I don't need that little table all
the time next to me and it's absolutely
on point for charging amore bug
telephone devices all I know now is that
I'm gonna bed as soon as this white
turns itself but it's off or I turn it
off and went back to bed for three and a
half hours that way that was could choke
on the conflicts I was just in but wait
I can just chill out
get some sleep in me and then drive an
hour I have to go and see razor good
night oh good morning night we're up
we're awake and it's time for a road
trip so we're going down to see razor
and we're swapping out the blade for the
new blade yeah this is a mutual
agreement of switching blades not
stealing at this time and today's
drinking agenda is going to be blue
machine boosted what's in this what's in
this 27 blue bridge through blackberries
three and a half apples one banana okay
okay now for the record in the comments
of my last video yesterday everyone say
like Charlie's naked drinks I help you
they've got so much sugar in there so
bad for you like I'm sorry it has no
added sugar and literally just fruit
that's all it is it doesn't have
anything added to it at all so when
people are saying that this is bad for
me can someone really tell me if it is
or not because either you guys drunk
landrum well
 I'm always wrong it's a one and a
half hour drive to Razer so I've got
drive all this way to mutually swap a
blade I could just wait till III and
just steal one off themselves
anyway we got our a half journey now so
let's roll this natural energy or what's
called I mean naked energy drink is
sponsored by LA traffic seem as though
it's two o'clock in the afternoon and
I'm going at ten miles per hour on the
motorway so let's try this one we call
it what was it called blue machine let's
try this blue machine I'm Blu TT bumper
dad I try these every day to give you my
natural reaction so let's give it a go
smell test
smells actually corners taste test well
water brush my teeth so that it's a
weird tongue more than enough oh my gosh
hmm
that's badass I like that a lot
that gets a that gets an 8 out of 10
that's a tasty drink
once again brought to you by your
sponsor LA traffic panini oh I have made
it to my destination
go yourself razor go yourself
I you not
I'm gonna try and steal this off razor
like seriously cuz I'm gonna buy a Jeep
Wrangler for LA and what better than to
get the razor one that'd be amazing
this is mazes dogging just why don't you
follow you me you just keep sniffing
this one part on my leg what do you
doing I'm returning a laptop for the
first time ever two razor that's
shenanigans goodbye sock boy I'll psyche
whatever it's cold I'm leaving my leave
my blade behind I'm giving it back to
raise it I hate you would you look at
that I got a new one already thanks Joe
thanks Josh men thank you for giving me
a laptop and not making me steal one oh
my god I've been blade having a magical
store
oh my god there's so much racist swag
holy crap just think of how much I could
steal here there's there's no booze and
Cromer's and everything for days oh oh
this is so sexual I've got to behave
because they give me a new up top so I
can't steal any of this but if I ask
nicely maybe I can steal one of these
for you guys Josh can I steal one of
these to give away yeah I'm gonna put a
tweet out on my Twitter so if you want
to win this what you're gonna do is
you'll be following me on twitter
retweet it and you've got to follow in
min you guys know the CEO of raise if
you want to win a raisin a boo then you
can like Scooby down description to the
tweet check it out and you can win it
well I guess today was a very successful
trip for me to get down here got the
razor is this the eSports jacket
I got team I got teamraiser jacket I got
I got down with Leviathan mini awesome
I got a wild cat awesome and I got a
goddamn black Shaq awesome and then you
know I did I did also get a laptop a
brand new laptop so I guess thanks guys
thanks guys look it's BG he brand new
laptop running laptop and we're gonna
420blazeit graze it oh this is exactly
what I need
Travis Bank thank you thanks for the
thanks for the free stuff and Frank's
thanks for the comfort my little what I
say Travis always always looks after me
like that vlog when I woke up in Vegas
and you were there with like McDonald's
and water I was like I was like the hope
you you recognize this man in the middle
right here there is this makes me so
happy look you look here we've just
found Big Willy listen man
oh dude this is so nice this just a
showroom yeah oh oh I'm in heaven I'm
actually in gadget heaven he just put my
stuff in the car I just looked over
there like that's a big cloud what the
hell is that
is it the circus I am going to find out
if it's the circus I definitely want to
see it alright we've made it to brew
guerrilla marketing beers and burgers
beers and burgers and I'm getting a
lesson on the history of America and how
the British got over basically so
we'll see how that goes
look at this beer the longest beer name
that powers Point Brewing Company
victory at sea chocolate F chocolate and
peanut butter
I am what the aka known as in a
benign and then to make things even a
little bit tastier we're getting a
bloody ham and cheese platter bloody
hell that's what I need I wanna what is
this duck prosciutto oh yes was it is up
a shoot off a shower the sugar so that's
what we're side of the world by now you
know and I'm saying this sounds amazing
well boys cheers thank you for the new
blade I appreciate it a lot
there's health and happiness I'm to
enjoy your terrible bed okay so you know
I like to try new things not that I like
the new things but I'm trying gave a
sour is this an IPA oh that's just what
it costs
so tastes like the bet gone off wine
yeah exactly what it is is it yeah oh
nasty look at all this food
okay I'm gonna eat every single one of
these actually this is pretty damn good
well we absolutely wrecked that cheese
plate good game boys good game there's
bumps the first bump said it and now
I've got this oh and by the way Travis
always sees me eating stuff that I don't
like with the pronoun things on this
plate well as the first time I thought
that everything we sat down to a meal he
much like everything you've eaten so far
now I'll go ahead a lot about nearing
newsreels all I got to do is eat this
and it'd be perfect and I've enjoyed an
entire movie this is one of my all-time
favorite songs if anyone in the comments
down below can tell me what this is what
film this is from you win it life and
you are automatically my friend
well would you look at that we're
fighting there's wizard but it's a bit
of a lot close to signing I have to
agree it's better than your sign raiser
shots fired because they don't have one
haha
Joffrey nails go I missed okay this is
gonna be an awkward do your face okay
I'm alive
no would have alive this is CES 2015
look how heavy this is
okay and then if I compare it to this
one
yeah that was easy H also quiet after
the house what you still hit it's this
piece playing Frankenstein is it yeah
look at the fish tank
you'll see like the water cooling and
all that it's already outdated yeah I
jumped out of fish in it that would have
been impressive if there's a real fish
laughs oh man we thought there's a fish
in it how to be a race member of
stuff ah no one while that chroma looks
so good on the camera you wear a fedora
and walk around machine guns we've been
playing smash and it's always down
basically to Josh in Travis who's gonna
win
Oh Josh is ready but anyway I came out
of a game of six I came second three
times so I'm pretty happy with our
results wait here 1 times did you wait
let's do so in the final game Luke I am
your father
yeah yeah I'm such a kid now as good as
lightsabers are I don't think I stand a
chance against Josh's big sword uh no
see I don't just go to razor I go to
raise and take everything I've got an
all boys are now I'm gonna use this for
my wife's trimming gear but when I press
will change the scene thanks Josh once
again alright well going
all right well successful trip down to
Razer definitely glad I did it I woke up
like stupidly late and didn't think I
was going to be able to get down in town
without traffic but we did it and we
made it and their new office is a
 and just like that we're leaving
Razer HQ it's been a good day but it's
time for the hour-and-a-half drive home
well hot damn today we are not getting a
haircut if you cannot tell that by now
unfortunately because I went down to
raises so late I missed out on the
opportunity I'm gonna done bought man I
got back in like 30 minutes it took me
an hour and a half to drive then I got
back in 30 minutes not friggin bad I
managed to steal myself some swag and
some spike for you guys hell yeah man it
is so nice to come out to a clean
apartment just interesting all that
essentially clean clothes but damn look
at this also clean also tidy their new
sofa a dogs fool this is what I'm
talking about the apartment is on fleek
yeah did you say that on fleek right now
oh boys are we gonna win are we gonna
win enough can we win enough let's win
enough please win enough oh I just want
three dads food so because of everyone
running arava me about these naked
juices I've read up about and apparently
these ones are the ones you're not
supposed to get because they're not good
for you but these ones ahh
now luckily these on this list so far
that I'm looking like are the orange
juices and the ones that I like so
basically the ones that I'm drinking are
the good ones whereas these ones I don't
not it still doesn't answer my question
as to whether or not they're actually
good for you or not or like it's not
even the case of oh I'm just gonna eat
outside drink them to be hell for your
edited it's just I'm trying to replace
the coca-cola route of my life or
whatever fent essentially narrowed it
down to caffeine I'm trying to replace
the caffeine in my life it's something
else
you know like energy wise and that
energy is from natural energy like
fruits and stuff so these naked juices
seem to be still the right answer
however they're very expensive like you
get 24 cans of coke for $5 at Walmart
whereas if you buy one of these bottles
they're like four dollars themselves
that's why I only have one a day so
expensive but at least I'm not full my
body with caffeine and I'm having
healthy stuff instead just trying to
work out what I should actually be
either changing it from this Naked Juice
to something else or just sticking with
I don't know if you guys got suggestions
please leave it down below but on that
note guys I'm extremely tired it is
12:30 9 in the morning yeah that's that
is right it is it the morning so I'm
gonna go to bed get up at 9 o'clock
maybe try and get my hair cooked I
really want to get it cooked before I go
snowboarding so supposed to do it today
and just didn't so we do going
snowboarding tomorrow I've got my GoPro
got my mounts gonna charge you up for
make sure ready to go and hopefully it's
a wicked day so if you guys are excited
for it make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for my next video which
tomorrow's video will be my snowboarding
video so stay tuned for that if you want
to tell your friends about the videos
then tell them to tune in daily you know
actually make sense as well good boy
don't forget if you want to win that
razor now be the link in the description
that top link if you click it then
you'll be able to enter to win the
competition so it's not really a
competition it's just a giveaway so good
luck to your faces I hope you manage to
get hands on it and hopefully I'll get
more stuff razor in the future to fail
to keep up with you guys thanks for
watching and good night
