you see this time you see this time
right now I woke up two hours ago this
is not an acceptable standard for be
doing daily vlogging on good notes
though I got my loot crate today
something be unboxing that soon of my
main channel bought yeah I woke up at 4
o'clock this afternoon
probably that time of day where's
everyone's having their meals sitting
down with the families and I'm eating an
apple for dinner so well I've missed you
so much babe I'm sorry I haven't drove
here but we're going snowboarding on
Tuesday my favorite not my favorite day
in LA of the week is Sunday because you
can just drive around get ready to go do
everything you need to do with no
traffic it's beautiful we made the best
bag this computer is amazing it's got a
projector touchpad on it what the hell
this is amazing and there's a 3d printer
here as well oh my god this technology
is blowing my mind this is exactly where
we need to beat GoPro now I've got one
of these and I just need a chest mount
and accessories that was what we need so
these are the mounts we need to stick it
onto our helmet our board which is good
but I also want to get like a wrist
mount
for it and I think that'd be absolutely
wicked I think I've found exactly what
we need it's called the strap it's a
hand wrist arm and leg mount I guess it
doesn't do it all at once but it's got
360 to turn to do it to turn to turn
degree turn radius so we can just light
switch it whatever I'm like going down I
can aim my arm downhill I'll point
towards me so I think that'd be pretty
much better than using like one of these
if I have a stick kind of fall and break
it or something like that that's the
most likely thing it happened but if I
have the mount on my arm and when I'm
pointing downhill like when I'm going
down I've just bail to get amazing angle
of me like going yeah shred in an hour
so I think I'm gonna get that well I
finally did it walk straight in when two
dishwashers look to one needed found
this one and boy don't and just do that
by boys getting delivered on Wednesday
and we're gonna be enjoying not washing
the pots anymore I've always wanted to
try getting one of these like
self-driving vacuum cleaners but I just
I don't think they'll do a good job they
obviously do a good job but I've got
like such weird layout of my floor like
I've got loads of chairs everywhere and
things for it to bump into and get stuck
on like will it actually do a good job I
need a big open space if you've got one
in your live in an apartment can you let
me know how it is in the comments I will
read it and hopefully
if you've got good advice I'll get one
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
look at this sexy collection Oh
razor father win well that was a
successful trip we went above and beyond
for everything that we needed to get we
got the GoPro sticky mount so now when
I'm snowboarding on Tuesday we can shred
the now and get it on footage I got the
 strap for it as well on the
wrist which is gonna be awesome
and I did actually get the pole as well
in case when I want to get that like
really nice view angle of it also
that's pretty successful then we got the
dishwasher which is even better I've
been needing to get up for so long I
just took the measurements in him like
this is what I've got which one can I
get and they recommended a few and got
it so that's good and so Monday the rest
of myselfi comes Tuesday I'm going
snowboarding and Wednesday Wednesday a
dishwasher arrives the apartment is
literally almost finished it is not
everyday I do this but Zack you know
exactly who you are you're like the
awesome dude with the curly hair that I
always see every gaming event now you
better be at I'm 57 I'm saying that
right now but I got an email off a
certain little birdie I think your
birdie particularly to say happy
birthday to your face I hope you're
doing well are we having a great new
year and basically just keep being you
and keep being awesome all those
times when I was snow buddy I was like
oh man I didn't get him ready to get me
GoPro footage today because it in ever
mounts but these are the sticky mud I
did just show you them to stop basically
just stick them on to something like
your helmet or whatever and then you can
attach your GoPro mounts with now I
thought about this and two days before I
went snowboarding I actually threw away
that exact pack amounts like probably
got loads of them don't need them threw
him away and then obviously two days
later I needed them for snowboarding so
now we've got shitloads like I said I'm
gonna put one on my helmet so I can get
the you offer but put one on my board
and then and then I don't know maybe one
of my car so I can do some off-roading
it's a 4x4 so we could use my road in so
that could be pretty good sweet well
it's decision time which am I gonna
drink today now I did say I was gonna do
it in order like this one this one this
one this one this one so I think I'm
gonna do that so what's up first today
I'm gonna be trying there berry blast
pure fruit nakedness what's in it let's
check five black brace for raspberries
four strawberries three and a half hours
and apple banana well this is gonna
taste like shout but let's try it anyway
this is like mother or a testing spot
for these naked drinks by the way this
is not sponsored by naked it's just that
they were the only like I old drink of
knit it was just there okay right let's
try it
so very blessed I think I've tried this
one before I'm not too sure what I think
about it so are you ready smells really
good that's nice
that is absolute that is probably the
rare time you're gonna get me going ooh
it's delicious and there's proof just to
make you guys believe me I've not
touched any of these Coca Cola's are dr.
peppers you're not doing it I'm sticking
on like fruit juice but pure fruit juice
just milk just walk that saw stuff and
of course I'm still drinking beer so
yeah pretty much defeating the object
there but either way Cheers I'm doing it
a buck on csgo and I'm putting up my
flip marble food come on we're doing
this we're putting it in and we're going
to win the guys in the comments right
now I need you to just say the word
feels yes I want to do is open yes
some reason I'm actually really excited
about having a kind of soup tonight
because what this looks good - that
looks run them as hell this looks okay
and then I've got Philly style
cheesesteak which just sounds a little
bit of an update as to how my no
coca-cola basically you know what it is
it's no caffeine how am i no caffeine
spree is going it's going pretty well
I'm enjoying just feeling like just
fresh and like cleansed I know I've only
been doing it for a few days but I do
feel like much much fresher like I had
always been wanting to be craving a coke
or then avocado and I'd be like oh man
and I want another one it's like an
addictive thing caffeine and it was just
like I was drinking way too much of it
so the fact that I've completely cut out
my system now and it like it's soaked
the first few days I was like oh come on
ago but now doesn't suck at all so when
I'm drinking these naked juices like
that one that I just had I absolutely
love that I only go to the store and get
another one of them ones because it was
so damn tasty so you never know this
fridge soon might not be stocked with
Coco anymore it might just be filled
with naked drinks it just doesn't sound
like there's a jumble item bolide humble
item balaiah jumbo jumble item balaiah
jambalaya oh it smells good that's are
you something it looks even better
but ultimately it comes down to a taste
test so let's give it tasty you ready
okay that's hot nope
shall we try this one more time mmm 220
in the morning noise and I've got my
video uploading taking 50 minutes what
the hell is going on but if you guys are
watching this vlog right now if you're
over to my main channel I actually have
a fear if you watch my boys I have a
gaming channel cut the syndicate project
I've got a csgo video of me 1v1 took it
in a thing that we call battle cases and
tomorrow I am definitely getting this
hair cut what is going on out here
what the but if you guys can tell
but this is so foggy whoa the air field
is just super moist this is the fog
coming in from the sea because we're so
close to the coast but it's just like
it's so damn foggy out here it's like
it's like silent moon weights that mean
something I live to say it's like Silent
Hill out there it's well scary
just gonna work close my door go inside
where it's nice and safe well to make
even creepier I've got a candle lit for
you no nice aromatic smell but and
there's some circumstance I'm now
petrified this video looks so damn
creepy my room look at it it's just like
I've really got a candle lit you might
like Tom why the hell have you got a
candle would I just like smelly candles
does that make me weird that I like
smelly candles if the answer is yes then
Kay fact you see f it is done look at
that it's so sexual but computers off
for the night okay I'm off for the night
I have just finished my workout for the
night absolutely naked now because what
you won't be able to see me we're just
gonna talk as if I'm in the dark as if
I'm in the dark I am in the duct please
don't walk into anything please don't
walk into anything we're good right so I
can only do push-ups as workouts right
now because I bruised my I want to say
tailbone
I bruised my tailbone that badly
snowboarding that since I last went on
Thursday it's now Sunday it still
bruised so I cannot do a full set up
because my ass is just it's killing me
so on for each other way Tommy's gonna
be unfit for his next belt boring trip
but I am stoked
of snowboarding again it's Sunday today
I'm going to see razor tomorrow it
should be pretty damn sweet driving down
that's good took me an hour and a half
but hang out with then and get myself
fingers crossed a brand new razor blade
laptop off them I'm not gonna steal at
this time they said I could have it so
I'm gonna go get that and then Tuesday
we're going snowboarding so get ready to
shred some gnar but I don't know it
ladies and gentleman thank you very much
for watching the vlog hope you enjoyed
it if you did make sure you click that
like written and click that subscribe
button a lot of you guys actually watch
these vlogs and you're not subscribed to
the channel if you create YouTube
accounts subscribing get a notification
or an email or both I hope every time I
upload a video so yes until tomorrow
I'll see you guys then my ass is now
killing me still because I tried to do
sit-ups I don't wanna find out I broke
my tailbone that would be just be stupid
like I broke my tail but until tomorrow
I'll see you guys then thanks watching
and good bye to your faces oh one last
thing
I always keep getting asked this all the
time on Twitter right now and everyone
keeps asking me if I've got a pill box I
do have a pill box but it's in the UK if
you're in the US then you can still send
stuff there if you're from anywhere in
the world you can send stuff there but I
will not be able to open it and tell I'm
obviously back in the UK so if you want
to send me something guys open up the
description just click show more and
then you'll be able to see the address
for the pill box and hopefully I can get
you with some letters or random gifts no
weird sexual stuff no I'm not accepting
that at all I've had I've had weird
things sent to me in the past so don't
do that but if you wanna send me
something then I really appreciate it
and maybe if I get enough stuff I could
do a little video over in Boxing Hall so
yes there you go
goodnight
