and my natural reaction to orange mango
is it's not that bad is so awesome an
interesting mix right this is Jack
Frank's absolute legend so Jack I really
like you wanted Christmas you know Jack
frags
absolutely well Jackie's when I like my
all-time favorite YouTube it's so so
damn good Jack fags you can have heard
of him before searching on YouTube
Irish trigger on Twitch as well so you
go check him out but I just like junk
cities in his stream make sure I
subscribe to on twitch and he was like
Tom and watching vlogs like what you do
and you talk about my snowboard he was
talking about before asleep on the sofa
so like I love that like other youtubers
are watching my vlogs and stuff so it's
fucking awesome Jack if you watching
this you sir are the most awesome people
I've ever met in my life
keep being you and thank you for
watching the Box the day was good every
day that was about to go to the barbers
and go get the haircut now like it's not
that I will go an extra few days without
way
oh wait well see you when you want a
hundred days without food yeah I've done
how did you survive Wow yep just off
water
just just the the body's got the extra
fat and all that junk that's what the
body needs so it's just like a bear who
does hybrid oh shit well I'm definitely
in the right place nadeshot scars here
I'm gonna draw a big penis on the side
of it real quick look who I found
I would not see my there happy new year
what we have on you come here come here
so did we you you legend you know what
it's got made me so much money in Vegas
I just okay I don't you want me to buy
you steaks night holy crap I'm using it
that is amazing I'm gonna try and roll
around the house for the say hello say
hello team
what so right now I'm using what is it
called
is that gimble Ziggy dude you've got you
we're vlogging a vlog you're vlogging
why is there a mirror where we can vlog
the vlog in a mirror whilst blogging ah
nadeshot you should totally vlog right
now but he's I'm refusing to do so take
out your camera we're making this a try
wave vlog we're making this dude this is
so sick so I can like literally run that
is freakin amazing I definitely would
use this but I don't think it would work
in my pockets yeah I'm gonna wait
Waverly's no comment I'm gonna I'm gonna
vlog you okay vlogging him so aim that
at him okay
look at oh my goodness me that's that
that was vlog SEP should be on delay so
we've okay you're trying well I am I
literally am yeah you think this is like
a world record I'm try we need to like
vlogging these up together yeah oh this
is a little confusing oh dude I don't
think you just wrong like crazy
no no yeah thank you here we see a wagon
aid and in a natural habitat yeah five
seconds of inspirational like words of
wisdom from you go eat more healthy food
some reason that actually really ties
into my vlog today cuz I was like I
start you can eating healthy and I
bought a bunch of apples and shit so hey
hey you and me on the same wavelength
what
know what you did pro my work on my dad
right fucking sure so this is my muse
you dare well over wife's emotion is
stop gross yeah yeah yeah how's that hot
but I'm not a night out of the autobahn
I don't dance
anybody can yeah give it do it hip it
down good are you ready and three and
two and one
you can throw it like a sea walk with it
and the fuck is the same walk oh no God
David you're impressing me Oh Oh who's
like Jagger oh she is turning on the
Beast nay this is beautiful coming for
owning your my god this is recording
your reaction to the reaction of I
listen listen but bloody hell wait if I
open the door to last month oh shit
course let's go
oh my god that is absolutely also close
it close close except for shit your
hairdryer Absalom this guy I finally
caught sparkles in his hair dryer
'mobile right we shot him again in oh my
god or head up well this oh shit yeah
yeah this is fucking
it's gonna be right yup holy shit Nate
this is so sick
oh my god oh my god oh my god this is
someone like how the future
check me out bro nade you did hey dude
this is legit
pop hey you wanted you want to do
something funny yeah Bo a big house
correct yep okay I've added that here
which make me so this is your current
destination oh yeah please I have three
Christmas current destination infinity
is anything else we do for you today
no that's it okay thank you thought you
called me at W at this thank you very
much man follow the road holy shit just
fuck the Jean Louis Gossett no Nate I
gotta give it to you man this thing is
absolutely beautiful we're we're shot
here right now talking about the couches
and decorate your houses and then they
just women did it does he know about
this yeah made a video about it they
just went I ruined myself over like how
like you throw up on it no I shit myself
okay sure you actually for under wearing
pants like shit this info that's dirty
that's through underwear pants underwear
baby bottle you will I was very sick I
can tell try this ring nadeshot
recommended for the first time you ready
you've longing - yep it tastes like a
jolly rancher bro how good is that
are you this is why I love this place
you wouldn't I'm good it up yeah dude we
should have shared it and outside what
you dude look at this magic Joe look at
that that you ready get in to blow its
gonna I'll just pay you any threes that
to want dry ice they put dry ice you
read it okay that's pretty cool
set piece of ice dry ice and it's sick
alright 420 blaze it boys 420 420 I said
yeah look at this food how's your
audience looks good you get the same
thing oh you got the same drinks I'm the
same food you guys are petite you guys
are adorable
well I got a I got a steak and lobster
yeah yeah yeah I'm full from eating that
so I'm just going to understand comment
if anyone told me that ordering too much
food was a bad decision I would tell
them the other advice was amazing
because I've eaten my Lobster done but I
have this entire steak
oh shit Tripta at this entire steak left
I am so
hey with that I'm gonna put it my pocket
and take it home and nibble on it later
I'm ready for it now I'm gonna go home
and nibble my meat on they belong your
meat exposed I'm setting scheme stuff
holy shit I've taken the plunge
go ahead Ryan listen I give the hair
dried shit but it sounds like a fucking
beast and it's stupidly fast but let me
show you in front of the runner look at
the Ganesh your look at him right there
dude it just looks like a fucking me but
it looks like Flik holes it just looks
so weird it's such an odd looking car I
love it but go on give him a pair of the
engine give him a purr I'm gonna put the
window down wait you said was the people
we're gonna listen up where's we no go
for it give it a pup good fuck rev right
you got a rep dude dude that is not a
hair dryer
it's a deaf dryer oh wait a minute what
you saying what you saying fool you want
you want to raise your legs lips you're
ready we're Rachel pink slips 5-second a
great no wait it's done great we're
still in red oh wait for it
yo what you saying you're going down
I know rather than within the posted
speed limit obviously we're doing the
speed limit and there's no police
officers around us so we're good
you ready yeah I'm gonna beat you with
my car that cost 150 go go holy touch me
I'm dying
oh my god I'm alive can you smell that
dankness I guess not a little bit holy
shit
the does look like there's a police
station like like right there walks back
and it smells at that deck that damn
cake you got clean hands go go go
no brother oh oh and then I use like I
didn't wash my hands my hands will get
dirty if I do water a vase
are you waiting dirty you're a hater I'm
gonna dub every time I see you I might
submit something
I've been sitting this queue for like
five hours this is why I hate LA I've
never noticed that like this film is
three hours long so we'll be back
afterwards oh wait is it a roll a
halftime show
just a halftime show I'll see you at
halftime well hey play finished if I
give it a rating I probably give it a 7
a half out of 10 and I would one thing I
would definitely say is the film is two
hours too long 9 out of 10 poor if I
wanna go is natural reaction then having
you like no breathing oh seven laughs so
yeah they go yeah started Hough dance
made a general sparkles don't get me
wrong either OOP
I don't even think I actually got the
door opening in the daylight we'll check
this out oh my god that's his fucking a
barb it's so like a Ferrari
all right yeah dude getting in the
service whoo maybe you're gonna be agile
as fuck yo this is why I have to just
give a shout-out to my main man nadeshot
I come around to his house and you know
you expect nothing but Red Bull but no
he goes in the fridge and pulls out my
favorite beer I don't even think you can
see me but I have no idea what's going
on
well somehow into a better college house
hi I'm not sure what's gonna come you to
come over it oh okay we got we got that
right if I look over here keep where she
oh wait there's me you got Nick and we
got diesel cheers guys to get in friends
together and not leaving going home quiz
so I am 5 foot 9 I gotta find my shadow
she's here 6 4 5 6 or 5 I guess right
I'm 6 or 5 5 foot nine and but what is
it 5 foot 5 4 0 we have no idea this
Carla Allen uh yeah you know Allen Allen
Allen Allen
we have no heed I had no idea who this
guy's but by nature are you going
getting that Beamer
I mean Mercedes I've started a trend ha
oh yeah our movie Palin no one's called
Ellen we're amazing are you looking for
oh yeah oh yes yes this is good
oh my god would you just look at that
hair your hair is like this oh my God
look at this this is what color hair I
used to be yo guys alright and swallowed
this bar has escaped I have no idea
what's going on right now way too many
people have escaped Alan's on the phone
with Alan maze I don't know what Mae's
doing outside on a stoop I don't know
your name now you know if she's lying
oh okay I don't Steve Steve huh huh
nope that's not Steve you're such a nice
talk you're so nice look at this this is
exactly what a dog should be like I love
her chosen how to work with you really
that's what you know right so we need
with a green screen Photoshop me with
the over 9000 ready voice you're
watching about so Washington look at
this this is exactly what which Griswold
has I'd love to take her on walks all
our songs though hey we should watch it
u-kiss TV yeah hey this is a pit bull by
the way crazy I'm not going to my room I
hope my hotel my hotel I feel like I'm a
hotel I'm going to my bedroom I'm going
in my bed this time not the sofa
sleeping and just like not selling alarm
and just having the most perfect night
sleep hopefully so fingers crossed
knock on wood nothing's gonna wake me up
on that note guys I'm gonna go to bed so
thank you much watching says what you
did enjoy makes you look like Korean by
clicking that thumbs up button subscribe
to see new videos from my face every
single day at 6 p.m. UK time or 10 a.m.
Pacific Standard Time fuck I'll get that
right one day but until tomorrow guys
thanks watching and goodbye to your
faces leave a comment saying sparkles
your car is adorable
