look who I found to start the day well I
just got done with a meeting it was very
good with Endemol I think that's how you
pronounce it great dudes talking about
doing some cool traveling shit with you
guys do you like it if you do leave a
like rating if you want me to come to
your hometown and say hello to your
faces and then maybe we can go shred
some gnar oh my god we going there yeah
holy shit that's the first hotel I ever
stayed at in LA LA I lost my virginity
in that not really but yeah yeah what
cappuccino 101 yeah this is it
holy shit this is web machinima probably
oh no an 18 years old this is where we
went out on a night out like and I
blacked out and had no idea how I got
back this hotel and climbed into my room
oh yes the memories yeah I blacked the
fuck out next day woke up in my room
with no wallet no phone no watch no
nothing holy crap I snuck into the hotel
to show you guys that that hotel room
right there the top floor that is where
I first ever stayed in Los Angeles to
make this clear as to how I'm confused I
I blacked out and made it home I somehow
got into that hotel room without a key
without smashing a window at anything
when I came down and spoke to security
they said you were perfectly fine you
just went upstairs went to your room I
was like how I didn't have a key I
checked all my pockets I checked the
entire room and didn't have a key to get
in I'm a fucking wizard what so evil a
hideous look I read he's gone he went a
little panic bit statically lost it
are you okay are you okay this is why I
want to change the Sam suit is
so do you
this is why I bloody love America
sausage sausage a time you know
sunny-side up eggs and pancakes
disclaimer there is no bacon in the
pancakes I'm sorry I lied to you well it
was really okay it took an hour to get
here so I definitely do not recommend
this place three-hour time not even sure
if these are people who've been to this
hotel or not but I just saw this guy was
like what their facts together shit well
it's 12:30 a on a workday but I was like
Luke Hillary ravelin gone into work
today why don't we go to the cinemas and
watch revenant or the revenant
with that Leo DiCaprio where we're gonna
find him hopefully winning himself an
Oscar which I think he's pretty soon so
I mean you'll get the tickets for him
we're gonna watch it and I'm gonna give
her a rating out of 10
cuz Tom Hardy's in it and he's like my
favorite actor of all time holy shit
that's well cool that's the actual suit
oh my god how the hell did they snag
that nice dope like it a lot what a tit
and broken my bellend sorry
what'd she call that game of thrones
that were actress she's that tall I
totally couldn't help myself
apart from sliding down this why would
you walk oh wait there's a midsection
let's get off oh no that was definitely
this is why America is so much better
see what the cinemas look at this
fucking huge
literally like twice the size of any
British
and founder the quality of standards if
you guys have any questions at all
please do not hesitate to come find me
or not my crew member dressed as me will
be more than happy to help you also
please do refrain from talking and put
away all cell phones so that you cannot
disturb the guests around you during the
show and for your emergency we have an
emergency exit door located on the left
side and be in the right side of you
thanks again guys for coming out to our
question with Hollywood and enjoy the
remedy roof thank you have a nice day
now
well the Reverend Nick was awesome
I give it it I'm gonna give it an eight
point eight out of ten gonna give it
eight point eight out of ten I've been
awkward my numbers that it was really
good and if there's one thing I can take
away from it all together as a whole is
don't fuck with bears like just don't
fuck with that that's the end of the
film like don't fuck with there's just a
size comparison of this suit absolutely
crazy this is real quick Chad said hello
so I just want to throw over the walk so
we could say how it's going watching two
movies so enjoy yourself maybe about six
hours genuine little love meeting people
who recognize me from my vlogs rather
than my gaming videos I've done gaming
videos quite five years so I was like
yeah watch your vlog I'm like fucking
awesome except my vlogs like my main
passion right now so much love to you
guys I really want to go out started
drinking in LA and I was like well it's
hard for right now I'll just I'll just
have a water and I pulled out a water
and then I said to myself I grabbed it
very much well if I just have one that
is literally the start of a sounding
alcoholic because I don't because I'm
not drinking coke or and I cannot be
asked trying to drink one of these
asshole looking drinks right now I said
it to have a beer at half four instead
I'm not drank it yeah I'm having second
thoughts but goddamn I never thought I'd
say that everyone likes me maybe just
one it goes downhill from here boys it
goes downhill from here
but it's streaming concert let's go I'm
gonna be honest Pocky it's so addictive
just really shines when twitch chat with
them all here say hello these are other
people who are subscribers just want to
say hello to a catalyst for God the 686
man got nuked by that Dark Angel God
we got dead look deadly pants that's an
awesome name but just wet say hello to
everyone you're all legends thanks for
being awesome and supporting my live
streams look at you guys
well 2 million of you so you know when I
went to the shop yesterday and I was
like oh yeah we'll get that PF Changs
and see what it's like well I put it in
the microwave it's I put it in for 5
minutes take it out stir it put it back
in for 4 minutes I did and I somehow
managed to burn knife this is now what
mine looks like one big glob of noodles
with burnt chicken pieces and shit
thrown in it however smells really damn
good I'll give you a taste test I just
don't understand how this is the package
you like yeah it looks like this when
you pull out the package it and it looks
like this what the actual fuck but let's
see what it looks like in 10 minutes not
even bullshitting you right now look it
says put it in for 5 minutes take it out
stir and replace then put it back in
front of the 5 minutes this thing's
gonna come out looking like a nuclear
wasteland 10 minutes later it actually
doesn't look that bad compared to what
it first went in as but it smells
absolutely amazing but as for taste I am
I'm sure I'm gonna work out I try not to
burn it this time so fingers crossed
it is now 1 o'clock in the morning it
was I think when I last vlog about 7:00
in the afternoon because 7:00 at night
and I'm good to sell the sulfur it's the
second time I've fallen asleep on it
this week he's so damn comfy as I've
never heard of anomaly check him out on
Twitch on the unyu tube like he's got
some of the funniest dumb videos of csgo
ever honest to god like you did a
Christmas unboxing video dad and it's
like the footies cookie thing ever seen
like go and check him out I love him to
pieces sounds like a bad idea to eat at
228 in the morning industrial cheese
don't worry guys I'm gonna microwave it
so it's hot I know for you weirdos
outside thinking if I'm just eating like
a random bowl of cheese on its own
no toasty toasty chose oh this is gonna
be such a good decision
smells like melted cheese and does it
play like melted cheese yes it does oh
my gosh so good but not enough you guys
can see why I decided to switch out Coca
Cola's fizzy drinks because I eat such
shit food like such bad food that if I
don't do something eventually it's all
just gonna catch up to me I'm just gonna
wake up one day and be like oh yeah
but playing csgo for the past 5 hours
look at the goddamn time 5 o'clock in
the morning holy crap and playing for 5
hours play with diesel play we took her
I got a pretty good video coming out
with me and took her of csgo I got a
video coming out tomorrow if you're
watching this today which is called
riperino kick arena which is a really
funny moment for when I was playing as
well
and then I've got come back so I made
three videos now which I'm pretty fuckin
stoked about but I'm extremely tired now
so I am going to bed mmm what is gonna
catch up with me is me falling asleep on
this so again like the thing is the
reason why it's perfect do you see this
distance here this like little ledge
well it's now a wedge the distance
between there and there is perfect feet
so I go shoulder to head height so I
could just relax like this so yeah I
just fell asleep again and got 9 hours
sleep on this sofa that is how fucking
good it is caught in that last clip of
me talk about how comfy that sofa is I
woke up at like 7 o'clock alright fell
back asleep on there and it's now 11
o'clock in the afternoon
I've got perfectly comfy bed here and
it's daytime outside what the actual
fuck oh that means this vlog is late for
the day so apologies for that one so I'm
gonna go to life now I'm not going to
beg somebody been to bed but I gotta
exit this outro video so thank you very
much for watching didn't really do much
today I want to go out and do some more
stuff today so I'm going to see what sir
what's grinding in the streets of LA to
today I keep saying like tomorrow well
it's gonna be tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow
slash today so we'll see what's going on
we'll see what we can find to do and
hopefully we can make something
interesting happen because I really
don't wanna stay in the apartment I
would go snowboarding but I mean I said
to myself I'm not going on the weekends
cuz it's just gonna be way too busy so
if you did enjoy it if you guys know you
guys enjoy the video make sure you leave
a like rating subscribe I'll see you
guys tomorrow 6 p.m.
UK time hopefully if I don't fall asleep
on that sofa and until then thanks
watching and goodbye she faces
