oh what a beautiful morning oh what a
beautiful day it's kind of great like my
hair put good morning to your face we're
up it's 10 o'clock so we had to be able
a wake-up day today
look out dark my hair is add a few
compliments last night bumped into a few
fans and they all said it looks rather
ravishing no one said that I made it up
but it does look rather ravishing I came
downstairs my kitchen table breakfast to
listen to possibly D greatest Christmas
song ever I pretty sure this is the
Spanish Christmas song to my Spaniards I
love you
gracias but for the love of Harry
testicles my bottle water I put in the
seat is leaked shit their suede seats
fucking idiot morning after the night
before and he is wounded off his chest
legend teaser in the back Santa cause
all of a sudden and now I've got Tony
this fucking guy oh my god now that is
what you call a nice TT that's the old
TT cuz it doesn't have a pop-up spoiler
for oh my god that is one fucking nice
car oh yes are you ready for this Tony
go on squirt hot sauce hot sauce
ha ha ha oh my god I'm not gonna say who
this is but I want you to leave a
comment down below as to who this legend
on e swaggy bike and is double button
sure ok it's gonna yeah leave a comment
down below who this is
I saw you're raving at like 11 o'clock
amantha news me sir what are you doing
here this is my dad just carry on with
having his tits off of Warnock or you
crazy man
bad decision number 2 here going
shopping on the Friday before Christmas
great idea when a look at how full this
places Oh
I'll shoot myself I have no idea but
this just looks so funny look at that
amount of traffic Vista we had a red
light this about a traffic and there's
just two people like we don't give a
fuck when we don't give a fuck on horses
ready look at him look at him they don't
care they just don't even care mate and
that was tons commentary on horses
alright I'm not gonna lie I have no idea
what the fuck is going on and this looks
petrifying to drive fast another
beautiful day in England which of this
is Bert let's try should we trust a nice
jacket well it's three o'clock we're in
the book start in 2 all the way to a
halt that was late yeah I know screw
this
well I just saved my dad from drinking a
few Bond top of his beer ok enjoy it
come on get a hair on your chest
I think it's like doing so as it seems I
just walk to the pub to start drinking
at a drink was like oh shit need to edit
the vlog sat down edit before I got it
together for yesterday and now I'm
walking home because I need to get the
video uploaded and rendered so this is
the grind I go through I'm ruining my
night of being with Tony and Kemp to get
the video done for you guys because I
love the daily vlog and if you love the
daily vlog leave a like rain subscribe
and comment saying old people are
fermented humans it's kind of harsh that
actually
the speakers awesome very very happy
with that purchase so I came back to get
my vlog for yesterday uploaded and then
found out that my playstation account
got hacked I was like 9 suite so instead
of just doing any bullshit around it
rang got PlayStation Network and max you
want to say hello so max recognized when
it was looking at the account and
recognized all the details itself
recognized it was me so we just had a
good chat it's a Friday night he's about
to go out and I'm gonna drink a max
thank you for giving my account back and
making sure there's no personal
information on that your legend yeah
happy Christmas sir I came downstairs
and was like I don't understand how the
hell I've lost a pair of trainers and I
forgot that I took my shoes off outside
fuck I can do this where yeah those come
on Ken impress me
he's a designing of the board he's
surveying slaying crazy faces of vain
the atmosphere me you're anything he's
got this you're an ignorant this skill
oh um can catch up whenever that was
cool Oh a test called movie alternating
year Ken I'll give you hundred pounds if
you can get a bull vibe with that wonder
why you ready you ready Tony you got
this good alright you're up come on come
on you can do this don't flip out you
can do this
Oh get me out uh Carl still scums it's a
100 pound our hope saved a nice bunch of
Parvati a 500 pound girl Oh actually it
actually by the way yeah I just hit like
I mean I gotta quit goalie rebo
a replay okay so yeah I don't want to
allow I'm not giving you that offer
again fuck that guy who do it let's go
and do it
one two games lost two games the drawer
and game and he was supposed to be
behind me well this is all oh they were
winners too - and he was you win we lost
winner you won
good job fair game his name is Tony
thank you Tony
the Titmouse toucher of tencel's I don't
know oh my god would you just look at
that beauty now the reason why I'm
showing this carrot now this is the Audi
TT that I have it's absolutely
phenomenal and that is what the girl
looks like from the front until I get my
private play on and for good then you'll
be able to see like the front of any
caring X I just put it on the same car
so yeah they got just what just thought
I'd tell you guys tips oh my goodness me
we've made our way into an Audi parking
lot but could all these brand new cat
look getting Oddy a1 for your first car
later beautiful but the reason why we're
going to pay is oh my god Oh
would you just sit also I don't care if
it's old look at it you buy that it's so
nice but I'll do it
it's beautiful oh no I just wanted
inside me what so this area here is
literally acres and acres of land and I
wanted to buy it and make a paintball
Center for you guys literally just for
you guys
and have the best paintball Center ever
but they've turned it into homes that as
counsel used to own it and I actually
got in touch with him was like what's
going on this land that no one's that
don't anything with it like 20 years can
we buy a capacity what can we do I don't
know
it's owned by farmers and I find
whatever kind of shit come back from
America last one
the fuckin building shit load house on
it
so I'm completely going cause I'm could
have had one of the coolest most amazing
paintball centers in the world for you
guys fucking good
let's rip down the houses and make good
anyway no but really I am actually still
looking for spaces I'm one not too far
like in Manchester to be able to open a
paintball Center for you guys it's one
of you Oh always my biggest dream I love
paintballing absolute love it so I want
to make it always do it all with money
shit I don't want to make it reality for
you guys so let's do it
hello welcome to Shuster I have to deal
with the shit every day
all right look at this ah Key Stages
swag like this soon fuck ensues you sir
most of it go fuck yourself mate so I
came up here and joined my dad for drink
and Tony and I find this what is this
nose
what is a champagne that's why I drew my
daddy drinks cheaper drinks over than
this rascal here we see a wild Karen in
her natural habitat there was actual
weight to avoid there's no way you'd
ever catch me filming
in her natural habitat
during her own thing hello that's my dad
and then that's my boy well that's my
dad and that's my mom they've been
divorced for like years and years but
it's cool to see them in the same room
and then I find a wild Simon what I'm
not taking a photo this is a video what
the fuck how did I just get fucking
dragged into this it's not a phone I'll
get over you sir turn on a light I can't
see shit Beth this is unacceptable
Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte it's a
video Oh Sandra it's a 30 zone and
you're doing exactly where it was image
she's doing 12 miles per hour when did
they get robbed today
I got ways to sneak me back kitchen
where's your on it but look this this is
not me but kitchen look at this shit
it's slipping you always hear me talk
about ginger waves alright that guy
wears works in a restaurant which I'm in
as I can you feed me and he gave me a
plate of crackers this is what I deserve
as a friend yeah I don't get any help
this guy please for the love of God stop
shouting words what are you even doing
what are you doing wait wait you're in
the right place you're in the right
place Tyrone Wow
turn around you can wash away you can
wash away
listen smoking kills so you should wash
it away while drying oh this is not
acceptable
that's my pizza no no double nose box
listen alright sorry I went to vlog
right now because he said he said Tom he
said Tom throw the pieces the guy wants
to poop said throw the piece of boxes
under the house ah yeah go do it Turner
on my pizza slid out the back to be
honest with you guys right now the thing
is I probably should have logged a bit
more tonight but it was really nice just
be out with friends family and just all
that shit yes I'm drunk
yes alcohol was consumed and I'm now
walking home with Domino's wedges which
I don't order and a piece like literally
look at that dick no not acceptable I
dropped my phone and my pee sir I can't
decide whether or not I'm pissed off
about dropping my phone my pizza or
losing my wedges this is not negotiable
I found a pocket of silence when it
comes to the wind so we're not know we
say guys thank you very much watching
today's vlog in random been very
alcohol-infused
which he has but I love doing this
Monday today you see my life whatever
it's what it is that's what happens
around Christmas time so I'm going to
bed Ishi live like green subscribe to
the channel because that way you get to
see my face do random shit every day
it's six o'clock you go time so until
then I'll see you tomorrow and good bye
to your sexual non testicle a face or
breast to play this
