nine o'clock in the morning I've woken
up good night's sleep sleep schedule is
a fixed I have to share this clip it
with you I'm just like waking up and
just watching all like YouTube videos
and stuff before I got our bed and look
how adorable this scene is in the new
Kung Fu Panda trailer you ready oh that
one scene makes me want to go and watch
that movie just because of that I was so
cute
showered and fresh and it's time to go
Christmas shopping so we've gotta find
out what everyone wants for Christmas
and try and get it today so are you
ready let's do it another beautiful day
in rainy old England we're getting in
the Christmas spirit nothing but
Christmas tunes 24/7 at this house and
here's the Christmas present my granddad
bought me was like oh yeah don't worry
all you have to do it's like it's all
flat packed and you just have to put the
top on it and the legs on actually no
you have to build the entire thing
there's like 100 pieces to build it but
hopefully when it's done it's gonna be
like a really cool white no more than
football tables so yeah I'm gonna put
that like around here somewhere
no I literally just walked outside and
caught that bird right there pecking at
my windows letting we still have no
idea why they do it they're just
terrorizing my house one day I'm gonna
come back and there's gonna be like
 smashed window
I'll just see a bird inside like what
are you mad you mad you out u wot
mate it's 10 a.m. on a Wednesday
why is there gridlock traffic
I'm so confused if you've ever wanted to
know where hell on earth is at Christmas
time where I'm from it's the Trafford
Centre and oh my god it's only 10 a.m.
and all the car part for
I love about it Christmas at the same
time
it's so busy my inner child just
completely gleamed with joy look at that
for Christmas decorations oh I could I
got like the biggest smile on my face
ever that is so nice
our mission today is get to Selfridges
that's by it we need Selfridges and
suffragists and for the record for any
of you Americans get confused by me
saying that I'm not looking for a place
that sells fridges I'm looking for Bell
a place called sell fridges okay sounds
like the same thing well randomly out
here and I bumped into all these fellas
there you go in my daily walk just
walking around like a bunch of I just
eyes staring at me so I guess I got to
take a few photos now so there you go
it's like come clean some mothers
sisters families worldwide beautiful
lady right here what today Karen saw me
take it selfies with all these walk and
was like what do you even do so we're
taking a selfie together I've gained a
new subscriber today this is the hardest
decision I'm ever going to make in my
life
ah so nice I'm gonna try them on first
see if I like it and if I do then I'll
make a final decision and maybe get it
for myself for Christmas but there was
like six school trips all in there like
all the years going shopping it was like
the teachers must have been like we need
to do Christmas shopping let's hire
coach get there and just shop so
man probably 300 people shopping
bananas there is a pleasure to meet all
of you if I missed anything I'm sorry
I'm actually I'm actually driving home
right now to drive back here so if
they're still there are more people come
on the school trip after the trumpet
Center which it's its 30th one's okay
and I'm already in stuck gridlocked
traffic I've been here for about five
minutes I don't understand it
where you going 3:30 gee look at this we
park to put into howdy sandwich
beautiful it's only two what's gone all
my hair so way two o'clock at night and
the weather with the shite okay
it was twice as busy as it was when I
was last
and to make things even better there's
more people buy books that who recognize
me
I've already been stopped by 20 times
 I'm gonna get no Christmas shopping
done whatsoever I cannot be bothered
buying the all individual cards so I
might just buy like a big set I'll just
sign in for everyone because this is
gonna take way way too long you know
I've got an idea
I'm gonna just pick five random ones for
everyone and even if my dad gets wife I
don't care I'm just gonna do it it's my
grandma's birthday next week so I
decided to get today year seven not 77
and a Jedi card so I've got a
insane day walking around but I've met
so many people I just got feeling like
I'm getting followed by some people over
here why the just meeting so many
people he's it said it makes me
so happy because like people can love to
be like oh watch your vlogs rather than
like I watch your gaming videos I want
people to watch my vlogs instead of my
gaming videos I know it sounds super
dumb before I just love blogging so
that's all I want to do don't get me
wrong I do love zombies but when zombies
he's done laughter do you like random
gaming videos so I want to do vlogging
blogging vlogging blogging that's all I
want to do guess who excites people love
it this right here that is what you call
squad goals small goals super successful
trip to chopper Center get all my
Christmas shopping done
apart from five people so probably not
that successful but nonetheless probably
met about 400 people today I'm not even
kidding it was awesome
well Trafford Centre you took all my
money but at least it's gonna go to
family and friends so much love to your
face I will probably be back in the next
few days when it's gonna be even more
busier I just walked into the shop and I
walked in brain fire completely forgot
what I wanted walked on for about five
minutes was like oh yeah hungry
how'd you forget that oh they have
arrived they've arrived today which is
awesome I actually thought was gonna
miss the delivery which I did but I
never picked up what permits that's
great so I got these and it's gonna be
saying goodbye to these speakers about
these for ages and the reason why I've
decided to go for these and get rid of
these is because this subwoofer see all
these cables here which is crazy like
50% of them are for all the individual
speakers and they're not that good so
they sadly because I know this speaker
system is really good and there's only
two speakers like a left and a right but
the audio quality
is probably 50 if not 100 times better
than then that I thought you know what's
about time we upgraded get rid of all
these cables all this clutter on my desk
and we just go from five speakers to two
whoo they're actually nicer than the
last ones I actually got my other house
I don't know the old ones that I got
because I went into a shop I wonder if
they were in one of these oh they look
kind of tasty
would you look at that new DLC
information ah
yes see I was gonna make just my hoodie
I was like maybe it's a little bit nippy
out going stick Christmas market so so
it's like I'll throw a blazer on it and
it just makes you look like ten times
classier there should be like a saying
of just through a blazer on well this is
the place I'm supposed to be wearing
Christmas Day to go now Christmas dinner
and it burnt down like two days ago so
fingers crossed fingers crossed it's up
in time for Christmas sir like he's got
like people working around the clock
around the clock around the clock
apparently did like 30 grams worth of
damage the fire obviously if everyone
bails on Christmas there's gonna lose
even more money so he asked to throw as
much money into it as he can to get the
place working and ready for Christmas so
you know I hope the guy all the best and
his restaurant gets open because
otherwise I have no idea why I'm gone
Christmas Day
well god damn and festive cheer my
brother got smashed into today oh my god
smashed bumped into that he said that is
a smash and a half oh my god I
cry every time and you have that like
really weirdly eerie feeling that you've
got someone next year who kind of looks
identical to you you mean wrong that's
something I don't think we look like
each other anymore
we used to do I haven't got oh yeah I've
still got really gone oh my god
oh my god what are these you mean these
are diseased what are those diseased
Deez Nuts
okay I just got doing that this thing
cannot fit down the gap it's trying to
fit down in the description so I would
waiting on it but my god were in the
chaos of it we've made it used to be
over
we made used to be up there alcohol time
wine time Ken time rock time let's go no
well I drank that so unwillingly it was
just like really sweet juice I'll fire
you through yours
he's almost done it's just like was he
in a spicy sausage and sweet apricot why
he's a crow moonlighting going on
now this this this my country
really there have Alice has arrived for
is what the notes is this on her end and
oh no but also as soon as green beverage
dad I left you for one minute and you
stole the business but that is the best
it's the best decoration ever everyone
looked round because my dad basically
just ripped little lid off the bitch
that was off a bin and run off with it
you take a bowl with it that's what adds
a lighter touch my chicks this is called
Operation obtain the pancakes
it's okay it's okay this is so sickly
this is supposed to be mommy what is
this here we observe my dad with his boy
you doing here you observed my dad with
the selfie stick do you why does best
alright and this guy this guy is a
legend because there's closing orders
and he gave me a bear I my dad a bed for
you a great guy I mean we totally paid
for it and it was an act my friends is
what you thought we got ginger I
can a man I have a pretty adorable
family I'm not gonna lie they're just
all doing their own cassell thing win me
over I knew I responded a bit too
ding-dong in its dick off oh yeah of
course as soon as I start film it will
stop tingling but Merry Christmas
Manchester Ken's fighting with a
bouncers you can't be doing this Ken
what who's this
oh you happen to find neighbour Alice
it's convenient she was out tonight
did you don't Lee brotherly pops labor
early that's money that's my neighbor
Alice do you wish no no neighbour always
near Alice batches you wish this guy
does not like me what's wrong why not
like it whoa whoa dude got so aggressive
and this is my brother
this is my brother my brother my sister
Corden I mean no I mean that is my
neighbor call Alice Santa Claus on top
of a fire engine
okay then this is a thing and then
there's these guys across the way Ken
okay ken ken Ken Ken wait can we do can
we do it can we do it ken white can tax
your way
okay Ken what are you doing Ken's yo
another selfie with the random people
wearing wings and Oh even though
here we see a while Ken his natural
habitat
taking selfies with the random white
angels yes I left for five minutes walk
like I would if I could find them he
went to film the igloo and caught him
climbing up the wires
this guy
not sure whether I can pull this off for
know whereby capital up why is he
wearing this Cisco I have no idea it's
like a it's like a loose it's a nuisance
boys we haven't even begun the journey
this is how so make sure you leave like
great and subscribe I had my first
lucozade today in a while
that deserves a comment saying penises
are not penises they're in direct
vaginas if YouTube allows you to comment
that I'll be pretty impressed because
I'm pretty sure like naipes and if you
get bun for comment in that but either
way I gave you permission on my comments
I'm going to bed
much love see you guys later and
