I am continuing to look like potato but
it's not a court we don't need chains we
can drop we can drive there was wonder
what's going on with mustache dad to
mount hi today so let's shower get
packed and get this sorry good morning
Bay you sexual thing are we doing I hope
she's going to treat me well today there
the tires Godspeed we are waiting for
Best Buy to open in approximately five
minutes soon as the opens I can get one
of them thumb things that you'd like to
stick to here and I can stick it to it
and then just like use my phone as a GPS
you know in car charger and ops card
sweet I have to get used to parking this
elephant everyday so far so good
well I've obtained two of the objects
that I need for foot card charge cable
for my Murphy case and then an Enka I
can't charge it now I'm looking for the
phone mount II we found it care
electronics where do we need this what
need the vehicle mount perfect to say
I'm supposed to be going snowboarded I
have no place I am royally in the middle
of the California desert right now like
stroke cactuses everywhere no one saw
 I try to flip the camera if you
check out oh I don't look at this this
is my totally not straight driving rig
so so right now about 40 minutes away
hopefully head in the right direction
GPS do not fail me now and I love this
mountains in the background dude that
could be where we're going so my GPS
back get the out here eternally
driving in the middle of nowhere aiming
towards the hills the GPS says it's up
ahead of me so fingers crossed it's
sending me in the right direction I have
been jamming chill into some tunes
driving at 50 miles
55 55 60 miles per hour that's the speed
limit and it's been awesome good drive
so far I really like it
not add much traffic or anything other
time I set off hopefully I can make it
there in time to actually get a lesson
in if I can then sweet if I can't then
I'm basically just like yeah I could
totally snowboard and then just go and
die on that on the slopes so fingers
crossed we can get there in time for the
Western about one o'clock oh boy we're
in the thick of it now we open the
mountains we open it and then Iglesias
know exactly places but look at this man
the snow there's ice there's actually
people who not seen anyone like two
hours driving on these roads boy I have
made it to a snowy part I've got about
ten minutes left until I get there so
fingers crossed again I still make it in
time it's just so beautiful well I made
it and I made it to the right place
bunch of people here
like some woman just got stuck in a car
already so hopefully I'll make it out
just fine if I don't stay until it gets
too cold later on but there's eyes
everywhere I am totally gonna slip and
fall and die we made it we made it
oh yeah right got my ticket gonna go get
the rentals now and then a one o'clock
we begin genuinely so stoked I've seemed
like little kids just like vomit
down the mountain I'm like I want to be
able to do that I'm serving some hella
bad look with credit cards me a
lost mine thank the I found my
snowboard not my snowboard my credit
card got finally made it to here gonna
go and use the toilet real quick and
then once I'm done with that we start
Weston's like my helmet looks so good
hey everyone needs to following over
left front and center and I intend to do
so as well
I trust this guy are you a pro no I
trust this guy I'm gonna follow him the
entire way down and hopefully not die
steep then oh y'all stick with this
for now thank you very much that is
 insane first so far so good
haven't fought over just yet like this
guy hey you got this dude it's fun enjoy
it
we've got school on the ski lift now so
well go and try the big buy slope now
hopefully not gonna fall like this
person did that person did that person
did and that person did so I don't think
the odds are really my favor book we'll
see how this goes
yeah yeah this is awesome I'm on my
third run now got this class done it was
really good definitely what I would
definitely advise people doing it it was
like $90 and when I next come back I get
my passed away for free so hopefully we
come back tomorrow and I do level two we
should be pretty done sweet we'll check
it out
this is sweet but randomly
yesterday was just like feel like oh
it's no border than today I was like
let's go snowboarding so there I am
snowboarding sighs for the record there
is no handle on that you can't just sell
it and hope you don't fall and you hold
on to your snowboard with one foot just
sits there while you rest it like that
so this is me shredding the gnar
watching some peeps fall over is he is
he got this has he got this as he got
this has he got this oh she don't how do
you know
double kill bro ripped my ankle ankles
are on fire that was so much fun you
know excuse my language that was
actually so much fun but now let's get
some food some water energy in me and
hit the slopes again because I'm getting
better and better and better and I want
to get really damn good oh my god it's
such a good day on the slopes like it's
been so good definitely to come
back tomorrow it's four o'clock now I've
been snowboarding for three hours but
yeah it takes your toe in your ankles
that's for sure
no one wanted me of that fact that's so
crazy if my phone is at 50% battery and
because of the cold it's eating away at
my battery and my phone just keeps
randomly turned off so got a lot of
snack
get them calories back inside me and go
and hit the slopes again I just had a
bath yes a bath well caught a bit of Sun
today I can't read my faces at about and
now and the stream since yes colo
because I always play csgo ATO like a
shitload but no one ever sees it because
like I leave a stream it and never put
it in the vlog or whatever reason but
gonna stream it oh
Chloe she is getting cold I don't know
if you can see that I got busy it is
still four o'clock in the afternoon and
it's still rap so this is about the big
big slope that everyone goes on which it
stopped I don't still going and this is
the one that I'm on like the small one
and I'm doing this we're in the more I
got to top of here right now to be right
down
but then there's one if you get SoCo you
take over here and walk how steep that
is oh people bomb bound down isn't
learn about to die my phone battery was
on 75% it's now 125 this is how badly
the cold weather just with your
battery so look like I got the spare
mole free in the back so I could just
charge you up but man I cannot wait to
come back here with a GoPro so you could
choose me or Wednesday I'm going to come
back but we'll come back with a GoPro
and just just own it or but the GoPro on
the stick I could do it on the helmet
we'll just I think the footage to be
corrupt so I'm gonna go pro with a stick
like a selfie stick and just try and
pull me down to see how it goes
well I can only get about five and a
half hour lesson don't run him over
I am masterfully enjoying this and that
was it final run of the day absolutely
awesome probably got about 10 runs in
right uncle is absolutely my a my that
was an awesome day
well my first day on Mountain High was
absolutely epic
definitely definitely coming back it's
quite a fire drive away actually I did
it in an hour and a half not two hours
but wait worth it just just phenomenal
come on it's icicles I had to steal one
I'm gonna have to impale what is it what
was that until dawn until dawn
going down
hey it's an ice spear I couldn't help it
I found more I have an idea took the
whole thing off watch my hand get stuck
to it like I'm smashing windows back
here run okay that's the best way to get
down this path which is just made of ice
that is so cheating I definitely made
the right decision with getting a 4x4
because this is just ice a car park you
would have potentially said Wow
beautiful I'm gonna see that on the
drive home anytime right but yeah I
don't know got in like a Mustang or a
sports car something like that it would
have just been a terrible hotel but I do
I look like a nukes just going on it's
awesome the background is so
nice it's not even kidding just though
they're putting all my stuff away look
at the sky it's on fire
this is no color filter effect holy
this is absolutely beautiful
holy the roads are so I see
I'm gonna die one way or another here
since oh let's just pray fall out the
best it says exit this way so I'm just
gonna follow wherever the hell is
telling me to go warning 30 minute delay
ahead I was like what the oh yeah
I'm coming to LA so unfortunately yeah
I'm sticking this cute hour and 15
minute drive home from El snowboarding
my legs are killing me
from one snowboarding and two non-stop B
plug before this Kizer out and
non-stop stop it and start next oh yeah
either way I don't need Huber's to come
and get me groceries anymore so which
get some milk some drinks whatever
I need because I'm gonna go and get in
the bath and I well I decided that I
need to have better snacks in my house
so I decided bread and crisps krispies
I'm gonna survive for the next month
riperoni boys is a car park there so
we're most likely gonna hit it KITT did
me good I'm proud look I didn't take out
cup see sparkles and he's be at five
okay I'm joking it's just that that's a
very female car and I love that captain
sparkles got one of them everyone going
tweak up to sparkles saying that's an
ass guy you've got that does it come
with a hairdryer well would you look at
that I've always just got back from
snowboarding and I just won myself more
nice ah yeah yeah yeah csgo doe I love
you look at that would you just look at
that just for myself take more knives
Oh would you look at that I'm gambling
again this probably no lost knife gamble
of the night can we start with victory
oh can I please win my knives back yeah
I did it
and finally won my knives but I am now
even I am Steven I am happy because I've
never had a faint factory name wait oh I
will just realized how absolutely creepy
them Santa coax at hello there but I
just had a bath yes a bath well I caught
a bit of Sun today I can't read my faces
and add a bath and now under stream
since yes colo because I always play
csgo what
like a shitload but no one ever sees it
because I'll leave a stream it and never
put it in the vlog or whatever reason
but gonna stream it oh
ladies and gentlemen me and Jess oh gee
we're throwing down I'm gonna click
accept and this is a $600 bet now I'm
somebody I just not expecting to witness
at all because you didn't let me go CT
but Josh lost so many times tonight that
I'm letting him take this butterfly you
can have it this Josh you can have this
hello to you too Brett well I got done
streaming and unfortunately to my
surprise again my computer is taking a
potato on me trying to work with
razor getting a new one side out boy
look at my knees laughter also bruised I
think I've got a bruised Al's as well I
don't think this is bad yeah no it's not
as bad I hit what I basically
just hit the ground way too hard but I
was skiing and just went completely
wrong boy do you know what fixes her
knees okay I'm gonna show you step one
we need the base stair to need the cream
then we need the further oh yeah this is
actually like the hardest this I'm
actually so happy that I got some Sun
you want I have no idea how much I want
to just get out of the apartment go get
a Sun Tan and you'd be outdoors but
there's never really much to do and I
like just get stuck in traffic so you
have to drive two hours out the way to
then go snowboarding which was so worth
it okay both you open one step this
world so much this point on is dead okay
now this step is the most important step
hence the stand you can't miss the step
up its the most important you have to
delicately don't like a little lightly
place it on top like so make sure it's
on perfectly perfectly now you just kick
back chill out and get all cuddly and
chilled
put some netflix on and you just go hmm
but nonetheless guys thank you so much
for watching my videos I know I've been
always known as the gaming guy boy it's
so awesome just to be bumping into
people who recognize me from
vlogs who loved tuning in and I just
know that none of this would have been
possible without you guys so from the
bottom I hi I really could not thank you
enough because I never thought in my
life I'd ever get the opportunity to
just be in in there la piel to just go
and rent her a 4x4 and then go and learn
how to snowboard in the day these are
the opportunities that I can only have a
dream of when I was younger and thanks
to you guys you've made it all possible
so honestly thank you so damn much there
isn't a day that goes by without me
being thankful for where I am in life
because of you guys so I appreciate it
an unfathomable amount I just loved
impalpable that word is amazing but as
always guys thank you very much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the video if
you did make sure you click that like
point let's we know you enjoy the video
subscribe every day I make a new video
for your faces of me doing random stuff
could be snowboarding could be going on
trips to Russia could be whatever the
hell randomly occurs in my life because
this is the life of Thomas the life of
me and hopefully you were subscribed
enjoy it and if you want be awesome
share it with your friends on Facebook
or Twitter and be like check out this
guy's life he does random don't say
that they might not live you know I just
just said that he does random I'm
fine with that
that's exactly how it is but honestly
thanks to everything guys I love you all
I'm going to bed it's 1 o'clock in the
morning and good bye to your face food
