this is what it looks like the morning
after the day before in my staggers my
eyes can't even fully open because I'm
so fucking drunk uh-huh I miss my flight
I miss my flight at home so now I take a
five-hour drive
thank God rays are still here to drive
me home
don't wake my parents Travis if they're
watching this vlog you go literally like
my wife and Savior
thank you fuck the man the myth the
legend hey food now if you order an Egg
McMuffin when I just say legend we made
it to the razor Vaughn praise be praise
be to Travis Travis is the homie of
homies and BG survived BJ
I miss my flight
okay this this is why Travis is my
father
there's my paper Travis I see a roller
coaster
it's always broken it looks amazing I
don't know that looks like it's calling
us
so that's me like oh yeah where does it
you look to right we're like just
chopped to the Antarctic is this a cue
to get lottery tickets yeah goes all the
way other hello
okay yeah
well I'm leaving the van behind see that
gang to do the second leg of the trial
of the vlog is still not from yesterday
I'm thinking I probably just got the
probe tomorrow bought my chick-fil-a's
arrived no way shape or form paid to
promote post mates but it's so good
because now it's like half a slot at
night I'm absolutely starving I just got
the chick-fil-a with all my favorite
food delivered to my front door like
it's perfect
Oh chick-fil-a oh that's never a good
sign I was doing an Nvidia update on the
computer and then it crashed
blue screen and video what are you doing
to me all this time that I've lived here
I've always wondered why this hasn't
worked because it wasn't plugged in
what's gonna wait ah there might be
another reason why it isn't work because
there's no fucking bulb in it so we
don't go and change now eventually but
when I just don't know it is really good
to be back in the apartment and look at
the hair look at the length of it I
could totally read I it like gray Yanks
have all the stuff to do it ball I don't
know whether I'm just gonna try and let
it go out black or walks at the end of
the day this these weird tips are gonna
stay here and it's gonna get longer and
longer and look stranger danger so we
might have talked another adventure of
me trying to dye it this time I'm not
gonna leave it in too long not because I
want donut to graze because I don't want
it to bloom if you leave gray and you
have too long it starts to go blue we
eat but don't know and ask for these
motherfuckers right here we're gonna
have to get rid of you too I'm not gonna
get rid of you I'm gonna keep here just
in case Dada Rick you come back and you
ever want to see you again
but I'm gonna put use in the cupboard
okay because you are actually petrifying
every time I walk through the door look
who I found this guy
she's a legend she's alright and having
some Mexican catching up and we're
planning going snowboarding biosystem
leak that food was so damn good pretty
food coming right now
and I'm planning to go snowboarding
Tuesday this this is all these are all
excuses as to why Hank doesn't like
Disneyland gone oh yeah but join us but
now I know awesome so I have a plan that
I want to go and get a van but not a
vantika well I'm a different spot now
I'm it hurts in LAX to try and pick up a
car this place is open 24/7 and it's a
Sunday so I'm here to try and see if
there's a car that I can take some bumps
you've run in for a month so I can get
around LA and do cool shit but more
importantly so and go and learn to
snowboard up in the mountains yes you
heard me correctly snowboarding in the
mountains in California
this is what we've rented boys I'm
joking I'm joking
we've rented this Porsche over there
here we go this is what we've of course
I've not ready that I'm going in the
mountains I've got somewhat different
completely let's go this place is like a
motherfucking maze ladies and gentlemen
say hello to my smart car I'm talking is
if I read that I'm not my dad
SUVs for days SUV for days when we're
looking for six T ain't we way down
there for six six six thirty eight there
she is
there's our beauty Nevada 523 perfect
she's not too big she's not too small
she's all warmed up and fresh and clean
and she's a 2016 what did I even rent
I'm not sure yes please look at this
we've got a brand new 2016 car because I
was just fine man I want to rent
something bought and I want something
small but not big and I do look like a
fucking child in this like he's just
gotten his dad's car but I need
something big in case I want to take my
bike anywhere
I'm bike you know anything like that so
we're running this for a solid month
there you go laser John this is the baby
that I've rented for a month fingers
crossed this car pack doesn't get too
full because I've got to fit it in a
compact space between two of the compact
cars I might just leave it right then
and piss everyone off because just for
space efficiency but this is my baby
remember like why did you rent this
rather than anything else I didn't wear
anything too expensive in case a fucking
wrecking and I just want something
that's four-wheel drive the be singing
it because it is very snowy in the
mountains so fingers crossed this does
the job perfectly I will be honest
though the driver plate was just so
fucking sketchy to get to it like it
would a suspension it wobbles like
absolutely crazy it feels twice as big
than it actually is some used to driving
an Audi TT and it's a it's a Santa thing
literally SantaFe fun
they asunder Phaethon a Santa Fe sport
four-wheel drive 2016 so it'll do the
job for exactly one you know by the
looks of it the people who had it last
took off roading as well so hopefully
all the brakes and acts and everything's
okay so this Chris I just know for fact
I got mad looki with the fact that no
one was parking here and no parking
there because man that was that would
have been fucking majorly difficult if
someone was parked there I might have to
ask them if I couldn't take like an end
Sparsit because look this guy can fit
his Land Rover in there I got a goddamn
compact
good night sweet prince sleep well see
you in the morning
I don't even need the cat tomorrow my
biggest worry more than anything with
this car is parking I'm gonna valet
everywhere I can just because I'm not
fucking risky and smashing into someone
try to park it on a curb or somewhere
and if I can't find parking I'm just not
gonna Park it and I'll just go drive
around instead so cuz tomorrow I'm just
making videos all day so that should be
sweet and then after that I don't really
anything to do before then drive up to
the mountains and just snowboard dude
shred that no so we have a change of
plan and I just look like a pineapple
right now the change of plan is that I'm
actually gonna drive there tomorrow so
right now it's 1 o'clock in the morning
I've gotta get this vlog edited and
uploaded boy if I can get that odd dawn
everything goes smooth boys it should be
as I just broke my oven that's great I'm
gonna get up at 9 o'clock tomorrow drive
to the mountain it's called mount high
and it's in California I'm gonna drive
up there it takes about our 40 minutes
I'm just gonna say like 2 hours in case
I make it wrong turn get lost
traffic anything like that hopefully I
don't need snow chains cuz I've read
about needing them to get up in the
mountains but apparently these got like
the a website that they update every
single day saying whether or not you
need it so fingers crossed I don't need
chains otherwise we can't get there so
we're gonna do a half day class if I can
get a full day and then fuck yeah I'm
totally doing it but if I can I'm gonna
go do a full day class it's like I think
like $90 or something so I think I've
got everything I need is in like
thermals like snow pants no jacket all
that sauce stuff so I think I'm good on
that front I just need to rent a helmet
a board and boots
I've got winter boots but apparently
snow boots like for snowboarding or
actual things I'm gonna need that as
well but yeah I'm really stoked I'll
just be getting this done like a boat
you always ever say get shit done GSD
it's like my new it's like my new same
I've been living this life of life's to
ship out make the most of it and that's
cute and cool and everything but then
you need to actually get shit done and
that's what I'm gonna be getting done if
you were smart if you were loyal you
would realize that today's vlog was a
mix of me traveling back from Vegas
which was yesterday and today's vlog
combined because like the clips from the
that getting home from Vegas one there
was not enough footage for it to be a
vlog it would have been like one minute
there is something so I just decided to
combine the day's just what I do when I
miss a day really but if all goes well
tomorrow and I'm like feeling confident
it's definitely something I enjoy and I
want to go do it again then I will go
back Tuesday like I planned to go
originally this time with a helmet and a
GoPro mount on it so I'd get some pretty
sick footage of me falling and falling
and falling and dying so would you see
how that all go so if you guys looking
forward to that make sure you leave a
like rating leave a comments then get
shit done and I'll see you guys tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for my next video thanks for
watching and good bye to your faces
