how to start your day properly oh my
goodness me the wife made pancakes and
brought it to the bedroom she's the best
don't believe it snowed much but I don't
really care I don't need to leave my
best side because food is here however
my sister's on her way with my dad to my
house in about a half an hour so let's
see how this goes well luckily it didn't
snow overnight which is like a yay my
outfit of choice today is amazing I'm
wearing a syndicate zip up a shirt which
is beautiful oh did you get oh my god I
forgot I forgot it's married bless I
couldn't see him at first but yeah we're
in the zip up and then wearing some
Calvin Klein jogging bottoms with night
shorts and then my ultra boots I know
I'm just god damn beautiful my objective
today is to move all the ice and snow
from here so Alice can get a car out
grip the drive because I did actually
find the tip of grit salt grit it it
looks like it should be fine and then
Alice will be able to get this little
small talk hour off my drive that's the
one and just like that I cleared the
snow and right boom the car vanished a
bit of grit bit of salt hope it went out
it gone like a family hustle the next
mission is now the Alice's cows gone me
Dad Z we're gonna use his camper to go
up a couple Christmas tree so let's go
this is the problem now I have a tree I
don't know where it is because I lost my
ticket
you think this is my tree we've
identified as branches it's like it's
identifying a dog that was mine success
got the tree and rather than put it in
the van we're kind of we're gonna put it
on the bike rack so if the tree dies
blame this guy oh we don't do things
half-assed be my dad mr. bean she's
still there dad she's still there she's
holding on she's down they don't need it
we're in trays in crazy I don't know
where she put it you put it in here or
she put in the lounge
a kitty cats I tried to catch this no oh
my god that is so cute
Jesus says things are you guys trying to
catch this no why are you running away
from me weirdo look at Luna she's just a
cat I tried to attack a snowflake little
Luna so cool look she's like morning I'm
so confused
you only be Bucky for two seconds and my
cats already had you all is its cup
sugar side as well she just did that
within one set what did you do to him oh
you were here he picks reloads Dania
don't you rank you oh okay insane to the
membrane it's a burning Ring of Fire
it's actually really bad really you can
have any question
it's actually really really bad but you
know what's weird going from fires in
Los Angeles to snow in the United
Kingdom madness I hope so you got some
present labels if you want hey we got
your present by the way haven't we Lydia
we've got granddad a present you want
there you go it's a little decoration
from your house cuz look and then I've
got one man's better by the way don't
look at price tag don't look impressed
under quid that cost Andrei quid and
made from Sweden I'm telling you got it
for 1000 Christmas market alright
but yeah granted that's for you okay
Merry Christmas one and all and you get
look at this you get a free toy and how
much they cost me 20 quid from John
Lewis each yeah Oh Huey in your
breakfast recently I can see gravy down
your chops Oh see they do love each
other
alright careful on the ice alright no
slipping if you start slipping out
bloody farts yeah where you going it's
that way about goodbye granddad goodbye
he usually trips up this step to be
honest
see y'all see y'all I was he broke
okay so so what do you think I think
it's too tall we definitely need to saw
that much off the bottom so realistic
for that much the cats like what
you better go Alice winter's coming
us come on let's go bad wonder is comic
she's gonna do yeah I know you can see
through it I've got it switched off
yeah it's cuz once it's been up for a
while it takes like a second to get more
wait what
okay didn't work wait what I guess no
grunt I tried to get out that way
oh yeah are now windows coming wizard
goodbye bye now alright the next
operation is we cut Lydia driving the
tree take the tree outside while since
snowing nice an iced tea
and dad's got his pocket chain stop you
ready
right don't let my cell we needed it
loads of room
what no okay to the date can we help
how have we chopped that much off it and
then yeah get the baseball he's still
touching the body that's that yeah you
know what it looks fine oh by the way oh
it's fine oh that's kind of cute
wait we can trade you we can give you
one this is mission operation Steve
needs Steve needs food stimulant
Steve needs food so we have to go that's
my gate open oh Sweden oh yeah we need
food that's true I need food Stevie food
yes other guys we need food so that's
the operation but I'm gonna watch you
drive off this first and ruin the grass
let's do this first of all the Gator of
the moment oh she's gold
she's frosting quickly strong penis oh
she's gonna see me she's gonna see me
she'll never know as we see here and
watch the woman with the penis on her
bonnet she is wishy washing more liquid
onto a ice-cold thingy oh pretty bad
listen it's apparently the biggest
indoor play park ever I want to go there
it's not fair that's why you care let's
go good tonight oh you gotta get to see
the big ones see these ones a little
small ones you guys the big boys so we
get him three of those three extra large
ones and then sometimes at locus one
don't disrespect me or my son ever again
my god it looks amazing in 4k hello dude
that's awesome
my god I just saw a munching oh this one
vehicle oh we got the flip
hello hello oh my god one of those look
at the quality on that Wow his neck is
he right the guinea pig it was that is
that Harry Potter
neguin is a bike Dale I feel he's a good
guy eat that's a proper you were working
I can't help but just think that it's
gonna try and bite your face but it's
where to go but the way that it's
looking at you I just feel like it's
gonna bite you in the face
I'm just about to leave wait are you
back sure as you sure look at this
walked into smell reptile this guy's
absolutely rocking the swag you're late
and you got phone cases well aren't you
he's got this the t-shirt the phone case
and he's got a bit of dragon called
Bruce May this guy's this guy is the
homie are you - just like reenact in a
day in a life of Tom go to
look at bearded dragons animals and then
go get a coffee I think we have stalkers
finished a tree what do you think I
think I feel better not on camera
doesn't look as rose gold nah man I
never put presents under the tree no way
you know why people can guess now my
sister is one of them like movers and
shakers like my dad got me the worst
ones I thought my dad got to me like
this epic huge gift I can't wait to open
it and it turned out it was a but it was
a box with pipes sticking out of it and
the pipes were filled with socks and
like t-shirts I don't go wrong grateful
for the clothes but I really thought it
was something completely like different
and unique and I've never seen before in
my life
it was socks I love you dad
good tidings we bring for you your king
we wish you a Merry Christmas and a
Happy New Year jingle bells jingle bells
jingle jingle
the grumps is in the same location she's
usually in the one-eyed cat is still
just a one-eyed cat I'm the extra
sister's home hello hey yeah some
carolers came by we told him to piss off
so for the record you like the defendant
I looked at most judgmental sister DUI
the defender no this is not a video what
do you think of it what about mom moms
mostly poor decision yeah no I just did
some damage on the toilet in Lydia's
house I think they really think yeah
it's a dog that's what you're supposed
to do
I don't know I don't want your grandma
walking on me taking a poo I'm trying oh
did it
yeah I know it's trapped in there some
damage listen your school I need legroom
well Manny men listen listen we're not
driving fine deal with that here we go
it's time for a heron help me eagle are
you ready bow frame law you ready
lovely dinner this is this is what we do
with grumps but with you now come on
little Ino I'm really not like an
absolute bomb like I'm city girl get all
of it but I'm wearing tracksuits I wear
my lucky shorts check your bottles and
shots killing the game amazing decisions
being made right here
we're just double bloggers out I told
you you should be a youtuber she's
Instagram story in it I'm gonna go for
did you beat me to it
my own Joe Jarrett so Bob once we get a
bit of duck roast breasts
Wow my actually picking blank one one
you did a good job you did a good job
you did a good job
yep no
you only honored that as well have cost
me one pound 50 nice Albany unit are you
girls like eat so much and then stay in
shape that's my spirit I do not know
what Jean these guys have well it's from
this one obviously over here but I'm
absolutely oh I like eating that all day
and you guys have got full desserts no
all right so this is a setting up the
wax for the part what do we need to use
that professional George soft wax but
what's this then
well show that show you on the hands
nothing right
oh it is just a little bit much maybe we
could use a fondue pot listen you if you
don't stop peeing on my couch you know
what's gonna happen
he knows what he's like so what we're
gonna wax all your hair off you look
like your sister yeah how about that
random hairy patchy need ready yeah it's
gone crusty like bogies can I do it that
worked
we finished doing the waxing video the
cats are like what the hell's going on
in here we've been locked out it looks
like it does look dodgy we've got this
big lump in here we got the sofa looking
all gorgeous and then but this looks
even weirder just look at this look at
how the video is gonna turn out we
didn't even use strips we just used big
like she's not lying she's not actually
oh this is it's gonna go long let's just
leave this but once I edit the full
video together you guys will see it on
the main channel I was gonna put in the
vlog but then I was like no it's
something that belongs on the main
channel so I need to put it on there but
it went well
to say the least you'll see how it all
comes out and I will show you my end
product in the next video you see so
yeah I'm now showered changed and deep
potato drum wax in my leg I will get the
full video soon out the main journal
I'll let you guys know when that is but
thank you very much for watching today's
video me and they're gonna go to bed now
because it's like nearly midnight she's
got can you just not have a job please
please okay that's fine well thank you
very much for watching make sure you
leave a like rating subscribe and we
will see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
the next daily vlog so until then thank
you for watching much love ding dong the
notification bell and all that jazz knob
get if you want to get your syndicate
original merge in time for Christmas Oh
cuz you can't dingdong get my front
doorbell to work sorry about the DVD
sorry about that
yeah I don't forget guys if you do
actually get yourself some syndicate
regional merchandise you can grab it
Sylla regional com I'll link down in the
description like now is the final time
to get not today but like this week is
the final time to get ordering in time
Christmas if you want it guaranteed so
get it don't get it ordered much love
I'll see you guys tomorrow for the next
vlog until then yeah you might actually
go and look at in a new car tomorrow so
exciting times so deep course
