well how it's been awesome I love you to
pieces be in one piece whilst I'm gone
and survive and enjoy me not ruining you
but until next time this times going in
my taxi and head to the airport so about
five years ago I started uploading
videos to YouTube and people watch them
and over time it grew and grew and grew
and then that earned me revenue through
advertisements and then I got a gaming
company in that way which is where I'm
flying to now Los Angeles and loads of
other random stuff thank you very much
sir this is what I'm saying this is why
I don't need extra thing to carry with
me I forgot my watch already I'm
probably gonna lose it on this trip like
when I go to iscariot I'll just be tired
and I'll leave it behind
just like that made it to the airport
terminal 3 I am getting better and
better at timing getting to the airport
because now I've got an hour before I
fly Flynn it your time to check-in put
any attempt to chill out and relax this
is where all these people queuing I just
awkwardly won't pass the ball OOP look
at the size of their backpacks
I was tiny made it through security
heading out to delight the shops area
city's any new cameras or anything in
there available if not just gonna go and
sit down in the airport lounge and get
drunk well that's a good sign
sale I just got beyond excited over this
because I could take all the footage of
my iPhone throughout my laptop so easily
and edit it just by using this on the go
apparently reviews say is terrible
correct if you want my number one shout
whilst flying or being tired and just
feeling awesome get tired eye drops you
thank me later
it was the first time I use the brush
always lunch in Manchester Airport so
far looks pretty dumb smooth and if you
know is I try my best to whisper whoa
darhk's absolutely proves it
I'm pretty sure that was the biggest
plane in the world that just landed
there that's like the Emirates a380
Airbus which is just tank but every time
an airport I don't have my headphones in
I always talk dead quietly because as
soon as you start speaking without
headphones everyone turns around she was
like why is he filming himself like this
guy here every time I go through
security now this is what I've got
checked out I've still got headphones
passport phone UK phone local syndicate
respond wallet most important thing
right here I'm a new watch this I
guarantee I end up losing on this trip
look isn't should it looks absolutely
beautiful but guarantee end of business
true the fact that I already walked out
my front door this morning without it
it's just like oh it's last time when I
flew to LA I left my headphones on the
flight because I don't usually carry big
headphones so I'm more used to these
ones so I took these ones off the plane
with me and left my big ones on there
sorry razor are you guys ready to say
hello to my new vlogging setup cutter
see nice and big and bulky and holds on
to it just fine so it doesn't fall out
right really grip it but then look at
that I got a little baby girl GoPro
and gorilla man so if I go somewhere I
want to do like a time-lapse or just
like film talking to it without holding
the camera just have it looking at me
I can just do that and it's nice and
small you should put it in my pocket
I'll put in the bag problem solved so
this is me now officially using this for
the first time ever because there's so
many times that I might just want to sit
down to a Q&A and it was after like get
like a bottle lucozade and then balance
my phone against it and ends up slipping
and falling but now I've got this like
little rig that I can just set up with
it's bloody perfect
you see rather than getting in that key
there I'm just going to sit here for 10
minutes and let it disappear my planes
not exactly gonna go anywhere
why stand when you can we
a very good afternoon ladies
London London time to head to the lounge
chill out from it because my flight is
not terrible three o'clock to LA so I
just keep back
time to learn from last time gonna drop
a bag off because I've got two hours to
wait and she got wander on the airport I
just drop this off here and come back in
a bit
actually amazing no this place is
absolutely awesome let's watch the
planes taking off speed glass thing
across bar and then over here because
it's your huge selection of just free
drinks Jameson
this is how I'm gonna become an
alcoholic whilst flying around the world
blaze it all right so now I'm heading to
right now I'm headed to the gate because
doing with a large eaten drunk sounds to
get the plane and chill the hell out
hey there's my old friend Lee if you
guys remember this this is the plane
that I got walk the wing whoa this is
the plane that I got on but I like first
flew to LA when they upgraded to the new
Airbus a380 so you get on it it's got
like HDTVs and USBs and but a look
at the pilots I can see your face my
flight to allies from a different gate
this time it's usually like there or
there so I came out and I was like oh my
god where the is my flight I turn
around and I was like oh there's the
might amount of people so I'm just gonna
go get Starbucks rather than queuing up
goodbye chocolate milk for the ice time
are you oh well well well say hello to
the latest edition of the troops
say hello to leaf so in fluently now
fleeing on fleeing we're flying on leaf
I always come into WH Smith to see who's
on the chart so big shout out to zoella
she's over here where's Alfie office
usually around here somewhere
I don't see Alfie but I do see zoella so
much love to Zoe they go almost
inspiring shout out to Tyler he little
legend look at it was beautiful I always
look at this section for the youtubers
books but I came over here I was like
airport exclusives and I looked down I
was like oh that's cool I was like holy
there's Marcus I saw that goodbye
England I won't miss you but i miss my
friends our family this is gonna be home
sweet home for the next ten hours so I
better get comfortable I drink a lot of
water and fall asleep
come on please please it's 2016 it has
to be similar movies on it
there has to be some narrows and I
please please please please please
otherwise I'm gonna definitely have just
like this entire flight okay I've not
seen that that's good that's good not
seeing that that's good I what else seen
it not see oh yes I'm gonna watch that
yes okay what else what else I want to
watch that that's cool yes
this is a this is a successful style I'm
not too sure what that is not too bad
about that oh my god so stoked to watch
that okay this is good I'm happy I'm not
sure how it works this this is really
really good so far
okay I'm good that means there's four
films that I've not seen so basically I
can just watch films entire time if I
don't manage to sleep and enjoy food
enjoy film and enjoy comfort so yeah
well England the husband fun but it's
been way too wet way too rainy and way
too drama some escaping back to Los
Angeles the land of the calm the free
and the big booty bitches ellos you're
gonna miss me wait what let's see what
mom says you're gonna miss me
that's the
that's crazy
okay that me get free socks sighs I just
woke up I was asleep for only
two hours I
happened just randomly woke up after the
film finished and there neither the
toilet block look at all look how silent
so it looked like just wait to see this
view is incredible
because me guys so we went
beautiful
Carroll because the time we flew our
I've missed the hot meal stray away for
I do have some corpse to flatten show
this is what we're still able to serve
me
salad scallops cheese I'm okay with that
luckily I in the airport lounge
otherwise I would be absolutely starving
I'm supposed to have like a steak dinner
but because I fell asleep at the wrong
time I missed it thank you very much
which is
we've got this pretty awesome little
snack bar here well excellent Christmas
and stuffing yogurts and chocolates
Twilight just given up an apple there's
a book on just got Josh will keep it hot
just got into a massive shout out with
angel who works on British Airways
flight just purch about my job just what
said you're awesome super pleasant to be
here and death pecked for all the snacks
now if that child keeps crying I would
open this window throw it out of it I
think I said really loud like the kids
mom just heard me Oh pop gum yogurt
fill affect a flower for you sir hey yo
I don't I don't like me for a sir but go
away from we don't things blowing
c√≥lera me
alright we got about two now if I was
less than a fly just finished watching
the film legend it was so damn good so I
give you this and a little kid so I'm
gonna brush my teeth and free socks not
my free to push into braced and then I'm
gonna try get like two hours sleep
before we want more than that it's been
a great ride so far I'm sure back I
could share myself I'm feeling nice and
fresh book I've done some maths about
whether I should sleep now some stop
this is the flight box so I'm going to
one at 6:20 let's let me get through
secure our exit area our awesome
let's ever get home to my apartment it's
gonna be about 8 o'clock so just stay
awake watching a film and then just
chill it out into the road passing out
whatever I feel like it give the plan
I'm gonna watch some movies in standby
to the enemy we're gonna cook in corner
since 1886 we're talking 40 nice to live
in like how the toilets in any kind of
thing this stuff just was watching the
film Everest
downtempo
given much public on I was in business
class this is first class
no Russell luggage nice move pro tip
when you're ever London lax do this
always run if you wonder in ROI is
because when you get to the end of this
its immigration and immigration usually
take about two hours so the quicker you
get there the less people in front of
you so realistically every person full
of you is five minutes I'm not even
kidding it's ridiculous next pro tip
always take the stairs
thank God the queues are too bad this is
usually awful but because I run it's not
this probably the fastest I've ever got
to the front of the queue hands down the
quickest ever got through that chaos
their madness look how busy is holy
thank God I escaped all that I got I got
through here so damn fast look it's just
waiting for me empties book no I did get
me that recorded I just did it like a
big speech and the guy who films for TMZ
just run past me with a badge on oh
that's good sorry well I get attached
into the apartment that might have been
the quickest I've ever got through the
airport security there ever since I
first recorded the clip saying like make
sure you run as fast as you can it took
me 20 minutes to get through the entire
security everything like that so
successful oh I could tell he in in and
out right now I got so much mail god
damn I never usually get this much mail
when I go back to the UK but I'm back
hopefully the keys still work to it I've
not been evicted what the hell is this
the Mun live is give me a doorman honey
I'm home there yeah I actually left the
police please I left the police I left
the place perfectly tidy I went on like
a mad spree before like the only reason
I might guess that someone might have
been here and my only thing for it is
that I'm almost confident I put Frankie
Mary facing the door in case the
landlady came in and it was petrified
the shout out because all the doors are
closed this woman I'm pretty sure I
didn't do that but I don't know if that
well I have to check my vlog you know
when I left to decide that over than
that success just like that I've been
back in my
about 10 minutes and my groceries are
here so I'm just gonna go downstairs
collect them and myself for the night
gets a chill out go to bed wake put them
on have milk cereal and everything side
I love that late
what an awesome dude so he got all the
stuff for me for the delivery obviously
is how much just what coke and then like
Kansas super and well so they get kind
of super milk for cereal in the morning
but like what a nice dude no post mate
is ever that's the delivery company has
ever once said to me for like hey John
would help you carry up to your parents
usually have to be like two trips and he
offered I was like you don't have to
like now I'm not happy to do it so we
did and what you can do on the app is
you can actually tip them so like say
the order was twenty dollars or
something like that you can throw like a
10% tip trem cent tip our custom tip so
I'll make sure I give the dude a good
tip that cuz you know just that little
bit of extra thing that goes along
myself thank you if he happens to be
watching this which he totally won't be
frank says thanks oh my goodness I just
completely lost what I'm not even
bothered I just took part in cs:go was
twenty thousand gain I'd lost the knife
I did just lose nice ball hell okay I
was like no riperoni bought I'm glad I
was here and made it in time for the
20,000th game I was there for the
10,000th I was there for the twenty
thousand and I lost I was both great
well well well this was the package that
was left at my front door not too sure
who it's from or what's inside it okay
we're off to a sketchy stat someone
clearly already has my address because
it says Tom and we're gonna open it up
and it's from warm winter wishes well
that's nice I'll give you that that's
pretty cute wait what is this and two
more good times adventures in 2016
America's with you you want mint oh
it's from razor ah but the question is
what did they say
let me see what is this what is this Oh
guys it's so sexy Oh they've sent me a
limited edition raisin now boo what what
there's only 13 37 of these in the world
oh my god it's absolutely all we see
with a limit edition thing in the side
of it as well it's beautiful well it's
up past 10:00 at night right now got my
washing on got a dryer and then packed
my bag in suitcase ready for tomorrow
I've got a flight at 11:30 I thought I
was gonna do a road trip with the razor
guys a five-hour drive to get to Las
Vegas but timing and villian see is
better for me to just get a flight there
so thank God I managed to get one
because literally every time I went to
buy a flight it sold out the second I
clicked it you very much for watching
today's vlog I hope you've enjoyed like
the pro tips of traveling from the UK to
LA sort of thing well nonetheless make
sure you leave a like rating guys
subscribe and new video every single day
6 p.m. UK time and let me just say this
right now they're most likely going to
be late the next few days because I'm
gonna be in Vegas I'm gonna be out about
all day everyday and I'm most likely
gonna be drunk most nights oh wait and
see for that it's gonna be awesome
I believe I'm gonna be meeting up with
hex nature optic J the razor guys and
loads of other people so it's gonna be
friggin sweet so I can't wait I love you
and goodbye
