well 15 the afternoon but exactly eight
hours sleep I feel amazing
my beds amazing I'm gonna lie here for
about an hour
but this is Betty's happen oh my gosh
now I'm pretty sure I heard an old myth
that if you wanted to iron something you
hang it but when you're having a shower
and it should like steam clean it book
I'm pretty sure they're just gonna get
wet I mean the motion sensor by night
the shower too long please turn back on
thank you is it the showering the dark
this is so sad but I just got so damn
happy I'm like oh my let's pitch black
outside it must be like 8 o'clock 9
o'clock smell like that and I looked it
was half past five yes I have not wasted
my day I've been making videos either
doing good stuff I don't feel like
pretty happy about that I didn't
actually I did actually wake up at 2
o'clock this afternoon 10 exactly maybe
the most Monday there did I fucking hate
you Ricky literally every time I would
from control this thing it scares the
shit out of me I decided against a cup
of tea but instead I'm using the same
mug I can fit kind of coke in it so it's
like the perfect technique
just going through the news right now I
just cannot believe the flooding in the
UK how buddy is like so many areas are
just completely completely like
demolished look at this this is just
crazy so luckily where I live in the UK
I don't live like anywhere to solve have
that sort of rain effect my house or
anything but I know of areas not too far
from your life tenet drug that have been
affected by this and I'm just like god
damn I hope everyone's okay if in your
having my viewers which I know a lot
majority of people are in areas I've got
foot it if your house has been ruined
then I hope you get back on your feet
your insurance covers it and you're not
away from playing video games for too
long but I hope your fate safe and your
family's okay and yeah just kind of
wanted to to say that cause apparently
what 24 a month of rain fell in 24 hours
what the fuck Oh what am i doing I have
no idea ever why I've decided to this
but me and Tina have decided to go to
one v1 Allah Oh my knife versus his
I literally got this yesterday you're
going down boy this is this is right now
this is a fair pot look we're it's a
it's literally a 1v1 this is a 1v1
between you me okay this is gonna be
sketchy shit so fingers crossed
well it right if if one of us loses I'm
gonna beg for the knife buck you ready
to about the final 10 seconds come on
please no one snide please no one snide
I'm not about a side right now oh no one
I don't think it was good night I think
we're good I think we're good
good luck no please please please please
please a knife but I lost oh dude
riperoni pepperoni we get franks like a
come on though look at him we need to
glue a bit but also his hand oh we
should have open the door with Frank
goddamnit what a fail and it's time to
Netflix and chill
so my imagery yesterday was looking
pretty damn sweet we had six nuts would
she just would you just take the
appreciation to have a look at those
knives now let's be said this knife is
horrible and so is this night but I won
these yesterday on CSKA LA and also I
lost them today but I lost them and
gained myself I lost one which was one
of the potato looking ones and I managed
to gain myself a beautiful flip knife
case-hardened would you look how
delicious that thing looks well now we
are done I have just finished filming my
second boxing video where all I'm gonna
say is this guy right here
scum it 1g cursed me he cursed me in the
most amazing way ever but you always
find out what it is next Friday when I
say scope boxing video comes out what
worked
I have been so busy playing csgo case
simulate a 2015 we just routed my life
that I lost my rank so I'm gonna try and
play a match now not warmed up she's
gonna go for it and fingers crush will
see me with a round kit a minute
ah she'd play the game lost by one round
but I've really awesome clipped that
record a few guys I'm gonna put on my
facebook fanpage you want to go check
that out but you see this down here if I
don't know why it's really struggling to
focus on the time usually he just folks
the straight way there
12:32 do you know what that means
today's Ricky's birthday happy birthday
to you happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear Ricky happy birthday to
you Ricky from the UK where Christmas
time is like super festive like it's
cold in the UK all that sort of stuff
these decorations everywhere we have one
decoration in this entire room and it's
Ricky's birthday says I'm gonna make you
feel more like the mood we got that is
actually just just that's Justin Bieber
in the background playing right now but
we'll listen to Christmas tunes and
hopefully tomorrow
wait what's gonna make it more Christmas
well I don't know where Ricky's going I
think you want to take a shit but either
way you said it's going making it more
Christmassy let's make it a Christmas
shit oh my god you look so festive no
two old women from me wrong women from
me hopefully tomorrow if we can go
skydiving Oh Ricky's birthday we're
gonna go with them onesies on which is
gonna be boiling hot whilst you're gonna
have a plane in that thing but if we can
go wearing that one am i one then we're
bringing the festive spirit all over Los
Angeles look I've got my I'm ready to go
mine's like this is like the Batcave
ones they're ready bring it up
nailed it
Ricky I was feeling bad that I haven't
got your present but I've actually got
you know did I've actually got you the
perfect gift all right so this may have
been the present that was given to me
but I'm gonna pass it on to you this is
for you Ricky now when you open this
you've got to remember that I thought of
you the most daily way possible I got
you your own miniature book look
incredible yeah that is pretty might not
want to touch it okay okay wait story
time drug lien or Sonia bought me a butt
plug as a going-away present from my old
apart my old place where I lived so I'm
sorry gift off here I fucking hope now
that's awesome well it is 3:40 in the
morning I am going to bed hopefully wake
it up in the morning and going skydiving
so guys thank you very much for watching
my day of doing nothing like white great
as appreciate as always see you guys
tomorrow 6 p.m. from a new vlog and
again if I go skydiving hopefully I get
some epic footage from that you'll be
able to enjoy and then it will be
followed with us going out getting drunk
for Ricky's birthday so until tomorrow
thanks for watching and good bye
