well it's the last day of days for good
old Kenny here he's leaving us and going
back to England oh this is the wherever
I'm having a goodbye photo with with
Marian Frank at your time yes
Tom get emotional because Ken's gonna
take him with them taking them stairs
for exercise ever gonna come and keep
doing this shit like that's not gonna
get you Exorcist leafit I might watch
this space
oh no now you play more emotional music
- say goodbye - well I can goodbye penny
would suck it's just it's just not
helping the situation that it's just
getting more and more emotional right
and you put on a playlist that can we
put on some rave music I know you're
supposed to be excited to have such a
great time and returning instead Eddie's
oh you know now it's you oh my god
there's a plane
come on now all I can think about with
this car park is GTA and how one grenade
could cause so much damage this is
actually what my dad came to rent but he
actually ended up coming back with this
bad boy so I'm not gonna lie it's a bit
of beauty I love you bumblebee okay till
next time I know how can he get me so
sad oh shit oh oh my god I thought he's
gonna crash into that car then but as
someone had a bad day with this thing
Jesus
get a causal wreck goodbye dad get show
bye goodbye legend Kent the legend party
master drop on himself he was that one
not it was you not know him buddy
I left you but two minutes and you're
already flying what is this
she says he she's like damn son of
Elizabeth smells good bye to him now and
me Rick you're going get it holy shit
that is awesome
if I can forever a legend no don't give
me a sad face
you're not even sad you're leaving me
you're leaving the car behind you I
won't
well I can legend that I want to see a
million comments I want everyone to
tweet and wishing he got back safe
goodbye legend Ken so American little
league football feel like we should have
a deckchair of agar we stop watching
this watching flames come over but
instead we're putting our priority set
speaking of which Jesus playing football
try concentrate with that flying what
the fudge oh yeah we have we have
reached our destination me and Ricky are
gonna go and eat some good food with the
most probably ridiculous line in the
history of existence so wishes look you
know what she was another touchy all
right we hope kind of sexy these guys
these guys just recognize as just as we
got in you buddy were like that's a bit
too slight of squeaky voice in is that
not a rude way there's a sharp voice for
it to be you so like it's someone
recognize even fallen dudes just
recognize a sudden in and out you know
that feeling when you think there's a
plane coming towards you admit in Italy
look at it oh it landed shot would we
miss you already can finish already the
boys I'm doing it it's accepted betrayed
come on yes go go put me in I mean oh
what the fuck
no I would in and someone else went in
with a snipe I went in with a $50 snipe
that someone just did a $200 stop please
let me win if I win this and come away
with my upon fade knife I'm gonna cry
please let me win please please if I win
this a 422 jackpot I'm going to have a
birth baby make sense come on come on oh
no that was so close you shit-brick tit
flicker and this guy was a 7-point full
of some chance you fucking serious no no
for me playing zombies had one of the
best zombie runs possible today honestly
went fucking amazing but now we've got
me Ricky it's some beers and we're
streaming
hi Paul over here opening cases
accidentally under that video what image
do that but because we got logic playing
the background where it got good vibes
I've got a feeling we're gonna get a
knife tonight and we're about to spend
probably about $500 on case openings
it's not good it's not healthy and if I
got a knife whilst I was vlogging I
would cried my tips to joy
1:11 I'm vlogging this if you get a
knife now what's the high fall is so
strong I'm gonna cry Ricky let's go you
gonna get rekt high ball is so stronk
right now so good one
no shit arrives they respond we've got
Frank involved to get a knife now Frank
oh they don't need to hear Frank it's a
lot is here Frank we'll get an iPhone
here
yes Tom yes but knives will be Ricky
what are you gonna do he's gonna get a
knife is it absolutely Frank oh my
goodness it's one o'clock in the morning
Frank how's it going you filthy bastard
but we are we are here the youtubes
recently has broken like hell except
errantly yesterday my video only got 130
thousand views but what makes me cry
over time is that I absolutely love my
vlogging Channel and when when YouTube
decides to say fuck your vlogging
Channel and one of my best videos
everybody says only 120,000 if you saw
it it makes me cry every time so if you
haven't seen yesterday's vlog go and
check it out probably one of the best
vlogs I have ever done in a while and by
the way yes I am in a helicopter but
then for the main channel this is why I
need a bad computer because my computer
is beast but look at this this is gonna
be 58 minutes to make one video and I've
got free to be made so this is gonna
take all night
however today has been freaking awesome
I don't even think I've the largest
whatsoever
and yeah bust my lip again it's really
know me for me and Ricky we're doing a
bit of a csgo lotto and we managed to
turn 80 dollars into 380 so we saw the
skins I bought in life so I've got a
brand new faction factory-new good now
so guys thank this guy right here that
my knife collection it's going pretty
fucking well yeah it's getting fuck now
meanwhile pissed off my neighbor's
downstairs by rolling around on a
skateboard
joking and respectful I'm liking me
join this thing listen I fucking wasn't
dark just to wait until late see huh
meanwhile I'm going to take a poop well
time to be as British as possible
me and Ricky winding down at the end of
an editing day with a little bit of AJ
tips I just realized that because in my
Oh
Ricky we still at it and look this from
9999 game on CS Colorado what the 10000
game when I decided to throw in my ak-47
case-hardened whilst watching arrow it
is a monument or moment and I'm feeling
low okay some thrown a knife I'm not
feeling lucky anymore shit if I can win
on a 10,000th game please let it happen
okay then there's someone else threw in
another knife is it is this a joke is
this a joke I actually had my knife
ready to throw in if you guys don't know
I wouldn't have tonight so goodbye seven
just pray boys pray for the dream that
I'm gonna beat spooderman and everything
is gonna go home the 10,000 K 1 a 1 2
knives yes oh my god I want two knives
yes oh my god on the 10,000th game I
want to fucking knife
I've got three knives today from winning
on CS Cola oh fuck yes yeah my
collection is looking awesome got my
butterfly now I've got my potato camera
I think that's a file should knife
that's fast you know that's faulty knife
that's the shot and that is my beautiful
suave foot knife that I got today so my
collection is looking mattifying that's
the start of a collection of about 200
knives I'm gonna have one of those pimp
inventories in csgo
you watch this space it's just gonna
take me a long time to unbox all of them
fuck is a whopping nine no it's not it
is a whopping 442 in the morning me and
Ricky for some reason are still awake
not too sure what's going on yeah the
grind is real like I would totally say
I'm like going to bed and that's it but
I've gotta wait for this vlog to render
so I'm gonna wait for this to fucking
process and YouTube render I'm a gaming
video main channel I'm gonna watch our
hoaxes I'm watching this now I've
watched a flash daredevil someone else
Jessica Jones and now I'm watching this
so I'm gonna go to bed guys thank you
very much for watching I love you all as
always I'll get leave a like rating
subscribe and I'll see you all tomorrow
for my next daily vlog I have no idea
what we're doing tomorrow I'm pretty
sure tomorrow's the video stay indoors
day but we will see
