four minute vlog that I was gonna post
and I just thought I don't really get
the opportunity to ever like really talk
about the day that's happening and post
on the same day that being today which
is New Year's Eve and I just wanted to
do a video instead and just walk and
talk and do like an old-school vlog
rather than clipping my day together I
literally woke up at 4:30 in them in the
afternoon yesterday so rather than me
just like piecing together a little
clips throughout the afternoon I decided
I just can't wait to do a bit of a vlog
and just say like how the years been
recap over everything and just thank you
guys for an insane twelve months it's
been absolutely outstanding as my
Christmas tree lights hang on there we
go it's been an absolutely outstanding
year I've traveled like all of the world
I've been to Los Angeles a bunch of
times I've been to Europe a bunch of
times I've been out to Russia which I
never thought in my life I would end up
there I will definitely say to my stray
lian's and my Tokyo Ian that's not right
and that funds that I would love to have
made it out to you know Australia New
Zealand all these places just to like
meet you guys do meetups and just do
cool shit with you guys because with my
vlogging channel that I've got now it
allows me to travel the world it allows
me to you know not just focus on doing
gaming videos gaming videos as much as
I've enjoyed doing gaming videos for
five years
I love vlogging I love sharing my life I
love getting you guys involved in what
I'm up to and you like where I'm going
and how things are in life and
everything like that and it's been an
absolute pleasure and to to bike that
off but again to where I'm at right now
let me just take a walk outside because
as it's oh oh
freezing cold we got them stiff nips I
just want to say like a massive thank
you because like five years ago when I
started this job I never thought any of
this would be possible and a year ago
this year like a year ago flight within
a few weeks I moved in to my house like
I moved in here and I said none of this
would be possible without you guys
because YouTube would never have been
the stepping stone to get me into these
other industries like whether it's you
know people always say like what you do
for work on a gaming company stocks all
that sort of thing like and on several
companies it's like that's that none of
that would have been possible or I even
would have thought of in the first place
if I didn't do YouTube like none of that
would have been a thing like it's a
complete stepping stone and I cannot
thank you guys enough
if you wondering why I'm gonna sue I
don't know I just felt like it was like
a little oh well just let us today but
like I it's always difficult because I
can replied on Twitter and say thank you
to you know individuals like oh you know
I enjoyed videos I'm like thank you I
appreciate this Paul that's something
but I never really get to just stop and
like say thank you because it's just
been a whirlwind of craziness you've
been with me in the ops of just like the
success of my channel you've been with
me on the downs of like when I've lost
my grandma and my granddad like we've
raised $350,000 in toll that's the
amount we've raised $350,000 for charity
for motor neuron disease like it's just
absolutely insane the stuff that
together we have achieved and I
genuinely think that 2016 is gonna be
even more insane because like my 2015 of
my years before it have been like
focused on gaming because gaming is my
thing I'm gonna walk around the house
just to wander that has been my thing
but with now that you guys understand
that like my massive passion is I want
to travel like like I wanna I want to go
to all these places I want to go to all
these places and even if there's like
one person who watches my video there if
you're from mace if you're from mace and
you watch my video I would meet you I
don't shake your hand and thank you for
the support of you watching my videos
and allowing me to do this as a job like
it's just incredible still to the day
right now if it happened to be watching
this those kids who I met in I took a
random trip to Greece and was like hey
yeah I'm just gonna go into oh I'm just
gonna go to Greece and I went shopping
the Acropolis in Greece and I met some
kids who just happen to be put there at
that time because they had a crazy busy
schedule they were up at the top of the
Acropolis I bumped into them with the
schoolteachers they happen to be
Americans who moved to Dubai who
happened to be on a school trip from
Dubai with other schools around the
world to be in Greece in that day and to
know that like people all over the world
watch my content is incredible so I
cannot thank you guys enough it's just
oh it's so awesome like we're not
getting bed at night it genuinely does
make me smile about like how everything
has got to where it has and that's just
that so it is any advice I can just give
you guys for 20
20:16 and just living your life in
general is it's just that like trying
and just surround yourself with
positivity is try and stay away from
when they get things in life and just
you know whether it's you know your
family or anything like that you know
I've gone through the mom and dad
divorce in sort of things I've done that
just again the the Christmas family
arguments families falling out at
Christmas not seen certain people at
Christmas and it sucks it really fucking
sucks
and that's why I always say life's too
short make the most of it and it's just
like I just wish everyone could get
along in the world and it's not a
fucking thing that is possible I
understand that but if I can try and
give you guys any bit of advice it would
be like just avoid drama as much as you
can your family or your family for life
try and make try and just trying to deal
with it you know you'll never hit your
family you're only fun when you cannot
replace them and the I hear the I've got
no teeth like deal with it as a pinch of
salt something like this is fucking
saying there whatever but just have a
great time in life I love you all thank
you for on fucking minier knee and we'll
see what 2016 holds like on the 4th of
January four days into it I'm going to
Vegas so if everyone's already like oh
we love your drug vlogs oh my god I'm
going to Las Vegas and I do daily
vlogging that is gonna be some sort of
chaos and I'm going to going with the
razor guys so it should be pretty cool
and maybe we might be stealing ourselves
a razor blade laptop that I don't know
and don't endorse stealing but anyway
guys thank you very much for watching
hope you have a great new year and until
next time I will see you tomorrow for a
very drunk vlog I'm getting drunk
tonight and that is the thing you know
what I'm boring myself a bit right now
I shot Oh No okay I was gonna pour
myself a beer but then I realized that
this is like the smallest class ever
right we're gonna do this watch watch
this you ready come on please work
oh that's that okay we're just gonna
pretend that never happened but thank
you very much for watching guys don't
forget I post daily vlogs of my life
every day 6 p.m. UK time make sure you
leave a like brain subscribe and I'll
see you tomorrow from a next vlog which
will most likely be late because I'm
going to be home to over so until then
thank you for watching and goodbye I
love you all
