before today's vlog starts I know you're
gonna see me up with Lydia and all this
so when I say this statement you be like
wait what you're not looking after Lydia
I'm live-streaming tonight at half past
six until whatever time but I'm gonna be
doing is livestream all day Twitter on
TV for each that syndicate you guys can
check it out you might be like wait um
you just said you girlfriend was in
hospital why you're streaming you'll see
why at the end of the vlog much look man
I love him to pieces
I absolutely love him to pieces but I
tell you summer you can't stay I've
gotta go well come on you got to play
fetch with him look Okies trying to play
fetch with you come on
alright watch if you get this all right
just wiggle it in front of him and then
flick it over there watch your shape
will get his attention
hey that can't be look see seeing it
right now throw it look exactly dog I
tell you what that suits you mate
what's your king named King what king
garden alright then what's your first
rule of being king garden what's the
rule of the one all right I will do cats
have been fed Stevie's been fed it's now
time to go on feed Lydia right well I'm
now late to see Lydia even though I said
you know I think every minute would be
enough to see you which I do but I'm not
late because she asked me to get a box
of chocolates for the nurses super nice
idea so I did when I was in the car on
the way as she said did you get the
chocolate yeah watch ACOs did you get
them just like I can't breathe Dairy
Milk box of chocolates Oh said I'll the
ad yeah she meant she meant getting like
a box of celebrations so they could
share it or summat bought
you can only bring your favorite
chocolates and your favorite chocolates
see I know I pay attention
chocolates of granddad Hey I was
literally rushing to get the door inside
of his mouth and eternal I've got some
chocolates will adieu I would have
brought him boy oh it's the Ferrero
Rocher unless you're allergic to notes
and oh my gosh I sure don't you boys out
there you won't see that one it's going
to be in your belly so you'll see these
two low highs and then it's really small
not big are you happy best outcome in
how are you it was like I just walked
right through the door and I was fine
just a great rumors like what are you
doing it
you know is is my what come fast again
did this bribing this Brighton broke
like legit this brightly burning fasten
and send it back again took read through
the doctor just open the curtain and I'm
Way in her bed anyway oh my god I'm
change the sex she's getting discharged
even do this challenge let's go
I just got Lydia's sick now not fit for
work
Sharon you did say the perfect places
the Maldives right yeah that is doctor's
recommendation we're going to the
Maldives
just a warning you may faint if you
don't like Niels and stuff like that so
was that absolutely nothing see so it's
not a needle anymore it's just a pata -
goodbye thank you very much for taking
care of her
we appreciate you a lot I would say we
will be back cool
I don't think we want to be back yeah
hope I don't see you again hopefully one
small step for Lydia one giant step for
mankind
Oh sobs documenting gone thank you very
much wait there you go you're this
chauffeur service eh yo sorry slow and
steady wins the restaurant Scylla you
better know this air is going in oh I
tried to make it as well as possible
fear right comfort mode comfort mode yep
no fast driving for you nope no no -
come - yeah
you're a little trooper in it oh Jenny
you're a star you know you've got a true
friend when she turns up with balloons
each time I am home
time to PD come on we're all yeah where
are you there's so many little holes and
crevices they can come running from I
reckon there's one in here no there's
not
I reckon is one under the stairs oh I
see yeah who is it everyday always be
with you sister where's she done Oh
stretch how to make the cat scared of
Steve 101 the surface is so slippery so
I can just like move-in-ready but much
much much but too much Steve's like
really we have to do this look at how
nice this colour is it
oh sorry in one's be now he looks
playing hello Steven beautiful bearded
dragon well its longest order wait this
is it I want to say this is deliver
pretty quick nothing beats our frie do
you think Matt what which fast foods got
the best chips KFC poking burger really
babykins is that small you can just put
them in your pocket well it's prepared
you have a massive pocketbook what's his
name
okay pause girl Fred oh good these hairy
legs I don't think I won't talk about
what got wax but anyway oh look at these
legs wait I even got hairy leg than me
let's not talk about that since it was
okay okay
like a spider I'm not torturing it or
anything halfway jump out but it seems
to myself in do you know the way and
you'll find a way you will find a way
why do we go ahead find a week of this
guy that fart was pretty rupturing
how crazy this cat goes for this trough
mr. buck get on the straw okay that's
crazy before I always Clara into it now
he's usually drain
Thank You P thank you don't forget if
you want to come watch me live stream
and link your description twitch.tv
forward slash syndicate gonna be playing
pub G's some fortnight and who knows
whatever the hell else so much love so
you guys then thanks for loving sport
and I'll see you guys moment they say
although it's a big cost link down
description click it now
