good morning world it's helped us 3:00
in the afternoon and I have just got out
bed because I am feeling lazy who's me
little Theodore by grad what are you
doing this much what is this get up well
let's get the shit out of him Oh oh my
god
always want you to try and see whether
or not a cucumber actually scares a cat
when they're eating food you put a
cucumber behind him and it scares them I
am going to test that theory today you
know that is a legal cat get down get
down down yeah you know you know that
was illegal to do and when I get this
cucumber it is gonna scare the living
shit out of you
now I'm gonna pet you yep that's cute
now go away kick oh my thank the Lord
the shops are open on Boxing Day got to
Tesco got what I needed but also almost
forgot exactly what I needed
cucumber little Theodore are you ready
for your present so this is the plan
Alice put some treats down then you walk
away from him it's not bothered is what
I'm doing on Boxing Day cleaning the
beer pong table cleaning the floor
cleaning the pool football table clean
the bar okay bow was alive doesn't give
a big piece of chocolate it comes just
three bars differently oh you're going
to absolutely fill these shelves with
cool stuff because you guys in the
comments give me so much shit about how
empty news was when you saw on from the
outside so I've got the Shea's over
there and I'm just gonna fill it with
other ornaments perfect oh this f5 wait
whereabouts the cat gone they oh hey OH
what are you doing hey what are you
doing you little shit get down from
there immediately
maybe that is a six pot to their car
just get to ninja round Oh
haha under the doora wall I hope there's
enough alcohol up there fear because
I've got pretty much one of everything
where did it help you come running from
your back well you've come in right now
come here
oh I guess it's hiding the facepalming
is so real right now you remember a
minute ago when I was like oh and for
the show put on it's really great and
your before that I cleaned the goddamn
bar well my sister is notoriously known
as the messiest fucking person in the
world she emptied all the packaging on
here to open up them things deep breaths
deep breaths so my mom has always done
like the most perfect wrapping with
minion wrapping paper I just notice I
just do fishing yeah yeah ideal right so
you just wrap it round it right my mom
does the most perfect wrapping paper and
then this is the present I've wrapped to
give to my mom yeah there you go oh
sorry
okay now I remember saying to my mom
that she got me really good t-shirt that
was Muppets now this is multi rapid
paper I'm assuming it's a muppet t-shirt
well this one is by two real in it oh
yeah throw me what is it well oh snap
okay that is perfect yeah yes it's a
badass Yoda over e check this out one's
got me some swaggy some swaggy playing
cards oh hi yeah gonna take all your
money later on Dallin last year my mom
bought me a really really epic a comic
book thing alright but this one is gonna
hopefully is somewhat the matching one
for it use it for all the Avengers okay
oh yes no this is gonna look good oh my
gosh would you look at that watch
spoiler alert he was injured war machine
was injured by terrorists and Tony Stark
returned into his life as a cyborg and
then became an Avenger to fight the
Illuminati what try to guess what this
was it seems to be drinking to her
rattling and it is a box ah yeah mason
jars that is perfectly coming lids on
with straw holders am I
a mum decided to go McDonald's and Nick
a lot of straws Karen are you doing oh
that is so cute he's gonna open his gift
opening open his gift give it him
do do get X it isn't you shit it's not
that way nothing well hello Dale wrong
way
wow that what is it do piss what's that
Oh hitting with it wait what's this
what's this is this theater quick come
in we're gonna get my mom secret present
deal go get it go get it deal right and
here's my mom's secret present Merry
Christmas
oh is it nice don't we things it nice oh
good
well I hope you like it now you can be
back friends oh if I tell you so friends
back friends I to this day will never
understand bags but women love them Gary
yeah Joey and Ross in front we are Joey
and Ross from friends over every
uncommitted I love you bro
nope Merry Christmas and a happy man why
are you wet hey hey hey I'm gonna make
time why did you go Brown big time what
is going who knows yes we go just watch
showing how it tilts Oh Larry yeah if
the weird thing is that now mom actually
needs a cucumber for something right
salad is all that time like this
cucumber in a way like we can't didn't
do anything with it so it's just like
prod just mean it's just weird a
cucumber is just weird
I'm trying to get this extra present
which could you possibly guess what it
is
no totally not Q Oh ace you forgot I
forgot Carl's present I'm so sorry
oh no it's not vault I actually it's a
genuine present guess what it is
no you can't feel it that's cheating
Harper get put it you get one guess what
feeling no that's it let's no feel
that's it No whoa what is it what is it
what gonna buy you Keller what could it
be what is it get excited you boys what
you want what is it
that's cheating how often feeler what is
it what's his watch called it's a Moto
360 and he has got installed on it the
fall out face dude that like see oh wait
there we go isn't bit of all my goodness
me the Fall Fair looks amazing but this
beer India poured me looks so far sub ah
marinos yeah it's not my beer as good as
this book they looks there's only one
thing that takes my phone safe remove
you put you there and just take all the
sausages
possible to put another buffet I'm happy
what dumb cucumber is coming to haunt me
now thanks Alex oh okay
that's the buffet I'm going for and we
all enjoyed it we go
thanks guys appreciate a buffet I'm on
and we're watching scarlet-colored away
have a napkin please
thank you me and Carla Coughlin just
fired and then these took evidence of
rock do you know even jump on the birds
go ahead are you doing
it's real life real life I get a pic of
purple all right
I get a purple don't have to do a shot
if I get ready to do two shots and if
you get a knife then have to do five
shows that is the rules Alex you ready
to play let's do this
so our first one the chances of us
getting a purple all right I read is
pretty damn high so we might not even
drink anything but if we do get
something so we're not drinking which we
do underneath then we have to drink
that's the rules are rules
board xkxk next case come on come on and
one I'll have to want a drink become
nothing
ah the robot believed in Alex's fingers
then right there where we go yet come on
stopping the shot still no shot but what
Alex I believe in here I believe press
it double on come on we want some
alcohol insiders oh my god no that's
terrible because this I don't know if
we're gonna be able to get one you have
to take a big swig you drink if we get
stattrak so that was that track so it's
an hour what is that
Cheers Alex listen you need to get me
good otherwise you have to drink we want
to drink these we need them Tiberius
wants to do it with Pat will part first
come on come on Oh Alex shot you already
did it bro you got a stunt right dragon
keep that's really good so because it
was a purple we have to do a shot you're
doing it but we have to do another one
because it was stattrak
what and take dope yes all that has got
one hell of a nasty aftertaste Wow
that gun was field tested and he's worth
seven pounds 68 hell yeah all I want to
know just a oh my god your mouth King
the double thing things no one passed
that was ridiculous
oh it's actually one yeah yeah okay but
so in hush right now this is just so
wrong so wrong
and praise gaben praise praise the gate
praise today
Oh either way
happy holidays I realize well I guess
it's time I've got the cat on my
shoulders this is his new song what song
is it host on the game for peace of my
own mind
I've got Alison everyone in there
listening to music as loud as like they
say which is really loud inside the
playing beer pong and they're all
screaming and I'm just from here like -
they're from a house and I cannot hear
anything seriously cannot hear that so I
have no idea how this guy at the back of
my house is getting disturbed now don't
get me wrong if someone is out here
shouting at night then don't make noise
Bob to the point of waking someone up I
don't want it happening I don't wanna be
upsetting my neighbours I want to be
respectful so that's the whole point I
can't hear it from here so I have no
idea how I'm waking anyone up so for the
record of I had a father than I if you
want to come back and collect these yeah
you to collect I'll just put them back
where they were in here and on the floor
in the cot
okay apparently was very simple rules a
bit con where you throw it and bounce it
to get it in I've already got one
interesting to same weight use up
who's up great power comes great
responsibility
oh do it oh and again and again come on
now come on now who drop my cucumber he
here I go
do it again ah you're shit on you know
what I have to say we're absolutely
wrecking you fools this is like this is
embarrassing our team name is a cleanup
crew that's where we went with a grain
of food and they're called sunken
bitches still remember from last time
still shit count door shut to
concentrate we call this is the last
ball
oh here's clubs we're not going
we want okay this is why I said I'm not
having cast because the cat was sat
there I look in that way freaked out
stared this ways if it's saw someone and
then walked straight towards my wardrobe
and climbed into the back of it kind of
scared if you guys remember the whole
Haunted shenanigans I do not want to go
through that again
ever in my life so let's not do that oh
oh my sir I have a severe problem with
this pile of sweets because all I eat is
drumstick lollies so whoever's gonna
read the rest of these I literally do
not news I'm here we see a while Oh
going wild this is how love inside the
house very cooking laughs now this is me
outside the house nowhere near the bomb
in my garden nowhere near the neighbor's
house you can't even hear it driving me
crazy thinking about how the fuck I'm
disturbing people I come out when
they're blaring this Eminem purple Hills
impressive the hot tub yesterday was
envy blue and today its optic green and
it is
oh it's toasty a nice 140 degrees it
looks like a spaceship you got the
spaceship there you got the pool
spaceship there and you I wait what the
fuck is what what is even what is it
what is even happening in here what am i
what am i doing watching right now it's
like a video game I they want a gin and
tonic that says gin and that says Johnny
you know that he's talking inside there
so I do not want IRA put your bet the
shaky because I've removed the vodka
where he will be in size different no
it's all of it
Hey
come on mods yeah and you already want
to the road bike I'll pick it foot pick
your weapon of choice this one and of
course oh no no no I uh you've got a
drink made by your father remember
owning the shots already and we seem to
be missing a particular somebody
Alexander come and meet your maker
what was it wrinkled and down the fire
meet your maker down the fire or do it
so I don't like to put it either either
either either either either one this one
first do it kill it kill it kill it
fire what was that 100 me your major now
oh oh like a boss where's facebook
facebook facebook facebook yeah - all my
my night funds out there
I've not entirely been honest man you
know why you know why because I am
actually a penguin
wanting to look this neck clip features
board know I'm dying I'm going hoping oh
oh what'd I do
what did I do that hurts so much why why
have I got a wife for an invisible glass
this is not negotiable
and great because now I sat down in a
penguin outfit so you'll sit in this mus
if the puzzle and then come to drought a
small child Kudrin lodge is made on the
floor anyway back to swimming in the
pool dear Santa for 2016 crescent
Christmas Christmas I would love a mop
because penguins cannot unexist in areas
of what slightness she what I'm saying
it's too wet hey not know what I
regardless I am still being the bar
I can't deal with Evite's it fucking
loud out there oh my god now it's too
hot in here wait who the hell are you
even though I look absolutely insane I
managed to make it out the hot tub put
the lid back on people still in the pool
boy towels completely wet for bleep beer
beer wet for penguin outfit wet for wet
floor wet floor I don't even want to
bother but tonight has been an amazing
night so fucking up slippers don't mind
if I steal but honestly tonight has been
an amazing night anyway I'm going but
first of all kitty I knew you were there
hello so I'm late night snacking on
Gavin
Paul is asleep and passed out asleep but
let me to juice you to the ohm the most
passed out person of the group
hmm my mom brave too hard that the seal
is he speed you came off and she passed
out now you understand where I get my
party side what from you thought my dad
raved hard Karen she sounds like right
so me and Cal still live kids
I'm drinking coca-cola you drinking
undergoing eyes water that's a really
good idea but let's just take a pic walk
upstairs and find out what the fuck is
going on in my bedroom
okay for the love of guilt embarrassing
policies bedroom for the night is over
there she's mine I guess we're sharing
hey will yeah Joey and Ross Ross like a
baby elephant
Allison Kyle asked me if they could stay
here for four days
well yeah for Kakashi camp are you
having a laugh I know I'd want for you
more drama boys like a fucking grenade
went off in here me what's the fucking
venture mine I mean bathroom my bathroom
y'all do bad actually I'll select the
Falls to belt but other than that just
was a fucking bomb went off me
no it's my back here I make almost a
goddess tonight
that's called buying all this is Alice I
don't like a fucking live other myheco
you were wait now throw the wet towel
what is this attached to
hmm there's mommy is your mommy oh well
I'm going to wrap today up so there's
general I hope you enjoyed today's
craziness craziness enough craziness of
a day of Boxing Day she did make sure
leave a like rating subscribe to see
more videos from my face daily vlogging
every day 6 p.m. UK time and I am going
to bed so much love to your faces and
goodbye
