we're awake from last night I'm feeling
alright yeah I'm feeling pretty fried
that pretty good now where'd you see the
pouch oh yeah I'm feeling good though I
really thought the TV's arrived
yeah that's what I'm talking about
finally makes the room look bad dad we
think the TV beautiful beautiful
that would be war oh my god thrown out
the window at this completes the room
but sofa arrives tomorrow
Rick you'll have a new home Ricky 11 new
home EDX what I'm talking about I'm
gonna Karuma back dad we think the TV
beautiful beautiful that could be war oh
my god thrown out the window at this
completes the room but sofa arrives
tomorrow
Rick he'll have a new home Ricky 11 new
home would you believe it or not ken is
uploading a video to YouTube are in fact
he has a wardr video to YouTube
superstar in the making my hair looks
invisible what I'm having we got this
but I've now got a start putting like
loads of weird gels and stuff in my hair
to wear make sure it's clean oh I got
some new toys boys I got the Amazon echo
so I can put it up here and just be like
Amazon tell me where to find this and it
tells me everything I want to know which
is cool and then got another toy here
which if you're wondering like what the
hell is this this is like when the
battery charges for your iPhone sort of
things but this is so when I'm traveling
like really long distances right
got this but boy it can charge like an
iPad like five times like the new iPad
so a shitload of battery and you can
charge like an iPhone I think like eight
to ten times which is beast mode it's
really fucking heavy to be honest book
that's great I'm never gonna sell the
Amazon echo and start asking it random
question oh yeah dad go and get a Ford
Focus he comes back in a goddamn
convertible Camaro
then as absolutely typical of him I was
like I knew and just knew he wasn't
gonna go back get Ford shit focus or
Ford car and then that'd be it like he
had to do it in style and of course
there's his style first shower with the
gray hair and actually didn't change it
all
no like no gray nurse came out with the
bottom of its that's awesome
and it's all pretty much just stayed in
so because I get up now and return to my
spiky self and there it is returned back
to a novel spike yourself I feel like
actual me now and I don't have spiky
hair I never feel like me so there I am
it looks really good the color done it
if you like it guys let me know down in
the comments what's next after Diabetes
Awareness Month what other stuff can we
do to raise awareness for cherry my hair
is now a platform for spreading awesome
information alright adventure time
obviously taking the stairs again as
usual but it's adventure time we're
going get in a new yellow Camaro I'm
going seen what the world has to offer
fun fun let me hit me up so these guys
are down we might go to an abundant Nazi
camp big mistake dad big mistake you
left the keys in the car
bye oh she's a beast she's an absolute
beast its foot definitely not gonna
drive anymore just cuz I don't want to
crash into a fucking wall so yeah we're
in the river cavero heading off to go
and get Louie let's see how this goes
and his name is Ricky Crompton or
looking at you in the window hello there
there is the man of the hour was
somebody I would edit the fist bump the
Facebook's below finally in the same
place oh yeah what the hell happened
this guy's like why you filming sorry
man will respect him hey
now we're on the h1 catalog steak I'm
not gonna lie these houses look rather
nice and not like there is an accent on
the ground camp anyway around here like
unless it's underneath that house I'm
not too sure where it is this is
absolutely insane like I've been all
over LA I've been like over Malibu all
that starts different scene nice houses
but these ones are just like dimensions
punches clearly worth like I think we're
in the range of like 50-plus million
houses here and we're still like nearby
looking for an axe account get the fuck
that's what I call a ride mate how'd you
like your dad oh my god yeah it made it
to the parking spot now we have to walk
down this road to find the Nazi camp
still kind of confused that is
absolutely beautiful I don't think we
could be here at a better time
yeah yep knew I'd got catch him this
house must be worth so much money and
it's Underground to it and it's two
stories holy shit money money money
money
there's no man on east side I'm just
pointing out your nomad that's all
you're like an action photographer I've
got to get the shot that is money right
there tennis court at the bottom and
three stories what's this oh shit
Oh security I didn't know that that we
just want posture security about Mellie
oh we're going to a nurse Lee Kump
apparently not supposed to go in it what
if I don't see a sign then I don't know
otherwise I've not seen anything say so
so we can't go in so far so I'm pleading
innocent
well let's avoid these guys it's getting
a little bit more sketchy now there's
more and more graffiti appearing as we
go let's continue on definitely
definitely had a bad day okay we're
trying to read online instructions of
how to get to the Nazi calendar steps at
you my little water ones it said from
that yellow thing it said go walk 3/5 of
a mile
yeah we're probably done about specific
we found the start of the adventure
does it look trustworthy oh fuck I'm
talking about
oh man the Sun is going down so we are
literally racing the clock to get there
but this is awesome just for an idea of
how steep this is that's flatland okay
there's the steps and there's Louie yeah
just whatever you do don't fall it was
at this point that the nazi zombie
killers found the zombie nazi wall
listen I'm just convinced Enzo it's a
Nazi camp
it's getting late at night it's the
middle of nowhere goes bound to be
zombies and this is it look at this Oh
spooky what the heck why is this makes
no sense
it's like a paintball facility how we
gonna get over the fence are you gonna
maybe I'm gonna jump it yeah yeah Ejim
wait wait look
Lilly look look I don't I don't I don't
think ice net-net look I think all right
okay you do that now this is KP there's
been so many people and there there's so
many big balls and graffiti cans
what I came as a mister mister naked guy
hello going in going in gonna get shot
or stabbed oh oh well that smells like
some fresh paint
whoa that is amazing I've just been done
well it's still where that is incredible
yeah them dudes definitely probably did
it definitely probably that's how
confident I am please tell me that's not
a staircase to go down please tell me
that's not staircase to gone okay let's
not go down there okay
dah-dah-dah I'm now climbing on the roof
of the
what's going on this is soldier oh
there's another building up there I'm
climbing on the roof I'm climbing on
it's Korea I'm probably gonna fall come
on up Louie come on up you right down
there mate
you're right don't worry we're just uh
checking out our new home Oh some Nazis
have a pit totally gonna film this just
in case you wanna smash your head in a
wall a to fall through the roof
welcome to my home Louis yes welcome
they drank all my vodka that was my only
client pression no nazi zombies so far
bit disappointed but I want to try and
find a spray can that can put like life
of Tom on the wall see now this is the
kind of artwork I want to see this sort
of stuff that that is pretty pretty damn
random that is awesome and oh you're in
a cage oh great
and now you get stuck in there forever
well the security for this place is
pretty damn intense look at it and then
everyone was like yeah fuck your fence
all right for the love of me I could not
tell you what that was that thinks it's
a fuel tank always didn't it in it makes
it look like a weird hot but it's just
in it in oh look at the waters that is
epic my any youtuber is telling me to
film Louie doing this because he is most
likely going to fall and it is going to
be an Internet viral video oh okay we
thought we'd seen it all and now this
looks like a bunker those people a
because his bags his bags full of stuff
they're like the fuck is going on this
is pretty dumb trippy so this is clearly
all a big build until it's collapsed Oh
boys I'm not gonna lie I have found a
zombies Easter Egg no it's not that it's
this thumb a wood mog mog CT confirmed
this is black ops 3 zombies inspired
this is the next map it's the DLC yeah
this buff has to be here from being it I
don't think anyone's car to buff this
entire way out in the middle of no this
is a Nazi back
we found the secret entrance where would
one where we going can't reject such a
random spot to build this so Louie was
saying before like the story behind it
is that this was built to harbor the
Nazis once they kind of like won the war
and like up until but winning the war
shit so how this all I know is just
beyond me but there's a nasty zombie
right there we wait you're just you're
mental
you're a goddamn nomad no man with no
care climbs on rusty buildings climbs up
falling down rocks this is Wow
all I wish you were on the other side of
that hill the sunset would be beautiful
we're whipping over rocks looking for
spiders cookies doing webs here so we're
gonna try and find a spider or a snake
or a scorpion I'm on it I'm on a mission
now I'm on a mission to find some food
poisonous boys this is a furnace you
know the map the giant is usually a
monkey now this is where you get the
annihilator from when you do the easter
egg this is all connected you just have
to ask the question of like how did this
even get here
like right when I go for ride yeah oh
yeah okay what's that Chitty Chitty Bang
Bang Chitty Chitty Bang Bang we love you
hey oh there's definitely zombies around
town yeah oh we gonna find a snake I'm
gonna hose damn it that's so exciting if
like a brief moment when I walked up
here mmm
right and put out $100 to ever finds me
a snake scorpion are a spider first all
right you don't get any bonus points all
your insurance covered if it bites you
you said it found something fluffy Sonia
in there there's something black and
shiny it's a big video what I can see it
in there oh yeah you see that what is no
please don't be the tip oh it might be a
fan of us fix pipes later Louie what are
you doing there's a button it's fine
baby doesn't sting oh it's just one of
the Beatles
nothing like back is your kid there's
too
girls down there just randomly filming
ones dressed as an old woman and one's
got like an old-fashioned camera
what the hell what are they doing you
can always follow the guided path or you
can just say fuck it and take the beaten
path and just get yourself lost in the
middle of the forest because that's what
was Cassell's do night has fallen we
have returned to the creepy stairs
you'll have the time to graffiti
everything one of these damn steps like
you can clearly tell use the same pain I
didn't bite you surviving
yeah we're late early again you're right
Sun is going down
we're about to die um I'm not too sure
would you believe in what you're doing
Lewis nice fine don't worry about it
yeah just take all right lumen arty
confirmed well of course I decided to
come off as well because why not this is
not safe
this is not safe just Ray comes
everywhere hey at least we made it bro
we made this is the eventually finally
did together this is how it's done many
the first but yeah the first of many for
sure oh my god oh we survived we
survived the Nazi convoy your job now
that is what I'm talking about Christmas
decoration they've gone all Allen they
yes I am this is this is an American
home to me that's like something out of
a movie that makes me so happy on the
inside my dad's first time balloting the
new car guess we'll never see that again
yeah focus but what the hell you guys
cannot read what that says at all should
we try that one again what the hell you
got it literally it will not let you
there we go there Cheesecake Factory get
ready to eat good boys get ready to eat
good
I love how low he has got registry zero
key select and his
I going to walk then I just use my
iPhone so pro many Wow oh my god bring
out free cheesecake can steal it all we
never have to buy any again oh my god I
want all of it this one I love this what
is it Snickers bar I am buying one of
these and taking it with me everybody
walking the whole damn thing oh my
goodness me where the Cheesecake Factory
the playing Christmas music I'm
genuinely so happy and this is squad
doors but I know I'll just kick them
back chilly with machines and really
good cheese get back to it with me sighs
this cold this is the life of money you
just get to travel the world
just play with toes ha ha ha jealous oh
my jumpin up jumpin I got this looks
amazing and Louie that's an edgy bug
yeah everybody move The Cheesecake
Factory was so good the only problem
with Cheesecake batteries I can't log in
here cuz can't see shit I am a man of my
word myself a piece of Snickers
cheesecake
are you shit Mavis let me say goodbye to
you it just like completely left me I
went to pay someone turn around fuckin
Rudolph what is this about I love you
honestly best date ever
no no again you too as well have fun in
San Francisco first of many adventures
guys hold into it we like I said scuba
diving I'm gonna go South Africa it's
gonna be doing Lou's channel be down in
description go check it out it's gonna
be fabulous you'll enjoy actually being
able to see what you're looking at
unlike is amazing channel so thanks dude
I appreciate last class okay let's hang
out but again before I live I cry every
time we are home and it's time to set up
the echo well I cry over time counts out
the echo simply because I got a UK phone
AKA UK app store and you need an
american exclusive only up to download
to be able to even set it up i'll use it
and therefore i can't do that can't
download it therefore can't work it try
changing the app store won't let me says
i need an american bank card great
failure a my most favorite show of all
time but this is libel a t-shirt brow
and it is beautiful but if you want to
get one in time for christmas i
massively suggest ordering one as soon
as possible
Sindhi conventional calm and pick where
you want to go UK us or wherever and
this is the baby you want this one oh my
screams touchscreen and on this one
just lucky oh my god I broke it there it
is this is look amazing that is ever
neck I did an amazing job with an oilman
a t-shirt I just do not understand that
okay this is a smart TV and I don't have
cable but surely if you don't have cable
this is not the or my preset you have to
stare up every single time this is like
some Blair Witch pull the guys shit
memory here just say hey watch the
tick-tock like AC and this fucking rolls
it that was a long log wasn't it there
was so many clips to add together for
today's vlog you have to do individual
it took me like an hour and a half to
edit it BOTS two o'clock in one and
finally going to bed got the vlog
daughter hope you all enjoyed if you did
make sure leave a light gray and let's
see if we can smush 33333 like ratings I
think we can do it and as always don't
get to subscribe click that sub button
wherever the hell it is YouTube updates
all time
maybe it's here maybe it's there maybe
it's there click it anyway subscribe new
video every single day 6 p.m. UK time if
you're in California then it's 10:00
a.m. yeah really great for when you're
all at school and colleges to fly so I'm
going til tomorrow I will see you then
and leave a comment saying Brown nipples
are often moist and wrinkly
