threw down new day new Silva Jones I got
my video recorded for today rendering
out it's gonna take about an hour and a
half so grab it then sitting around
waiting for it I'm gonna go under meet
up with my dad and Ricky Santa Monica
hung out with them and just for the day
look inside so let's go and see what
Santa Monica Venice Beach has to offer
totally forgot it was Black Friday it is
fucking busy by the pier so hopefully we
avoid shops and just walk along the
front side with my dad and Ricky if I
can find where the earth with my grey
hair turn round stay to me like like
that run to you and I was like even
recognize me then I was laughing at my
hair so second so this is an interesting
order can I get a side of half a dozen a
funny base
I think I'm getting this in this it's
all gonna be beautiful see that tandem
bike over there we're about to get
tandem for this guy and this guy's
probably cannot see you called the new
broom when you get an uber like this
because it's like a Google luxury this
food is amazing I got hunger chips and
prawns
I mean it's so good in this column a
hurry this calamari dude it's fucking
sick Santa Monica peir but become shrimp
say no to all of this and make sure you
go here and order the shrimp and chips
oh oh my goodness dad can we go on it
can we go on it can we go on it please
please dad please please dad go on it
Wow there's Ricky he's hopefully
securing goes a deal for a bike well it
is my dad's Beauty and the Beast
have fun and there's mine yes now this
this is what I'm talking about there's
no better way to get around in Venice
right now oh we were they just don't on
the rival nearly no I don't think
there's any better way to get around in
Santa Monica and Venice get back here
this is amazing
yeah where we are the right side of the
road and here is the is all the beach
with all the ropes and the swings and
there's these two alright y'all wait for
me I know this is you'll be in it come
on no vlog in there yeah I'm trying man
you're too far ahead
private cameraman Cindy go on his way
hello ladies later ladies check this out
morning ladies you're at kids come on
getting my camera shot get in it how was
your experience of the first ride on a
tandem together do you feel it do you
feel intimately connected to each other
oh yeah I can see my dad's uh but that
dimes are nice and close to that buoy
Rick yeah what John how are you I
fucking love this this is just so so
gistic show me
Shasta Cleo so we are making our way to
the skate park whilst looking at more
things on Venice Beach you guys okay on
mud
wow these houses just a bit further down
from Venice Beach start Venice but these
are so nice like these these are with
like 10 million dollars plus each what
the hell you got a watchtower shuffle
the purple to dining table Ricky's ocean
believe in the window that is awesome
yeah it's like a pirate's house it's a
message and you just don't like you walk
into a movie sunset kendo labels I'm
just gonna make you emotional
why won't you love me back so nice i
like how this guy is making out work
with a rake if I found that doing the
details on his kids like fuck your
dresser hide it's so high percent sure
these guys are shooting a music video my
friends dog riding that looks like I
think that's the saddest picture in the
world one person on a tandem bike
just one dude it's not just a Sanju it's
a sanjoin holding back the Sun story
passed on the Sun say looks amazing
majestic silver hair dude
even though I never see this because I'm
always to kiss oh my days
Ricky that was good good job we pushed
it all the way from the back of Venice
sir ideas just as he could because it
closes at like 5:00 we were exhausted my
dad's just coming now but to people and
attendant flying that fast was pretty
intense man
you made it okay you not good dude
tell you that was it work out the other
ones come here and exercising going
brought runs save it for the night time
for us I did not sound right but more
what I meant of we had to belt it to get
it to get his passport before they
closed and
all the records in the comments all
right
who has the better sunglasses me yeah me
but oh please
Ricky well then mate if I were a native
all right yeah
Oakley's my lip man a reflective
different cause hello police Oh like
you're about to do like a marathon or a
big race these are cool excuse me we
were going swimming tonight okay take it
off take it off my my local ease my
Oakley's upper the following clip you're
about to see is vertical can't explain
yeah but yeah there's no excuse there's
no excuse on this phone doesn't work
probably home so me my dad check
yourselves
I guess that instead enjoy the
verticality
I don't know what rules are going bow to
walk we're bailing we're going dad
downloaded that chose every cadet it was
like grapefruit and I was like I found
this in my batch ago so we're going now
I got finish this I'm going eating some
find out if you're ready are you ready
are you ready
can you handle it can you that was it
yes or no answer but I guess that's
where I got what G just building Ken
look at that building ken that's joke
and that's jaywalking check that out all
right can we checked it out get the
fucking Road this guy right we've
decided to ditch the nachos to go to
Bowa my favourite steak place in LA and
we're gonna go on eat instead make a
figure eight
yeah Ricky give me Ricky wait wait wait
give it
okay it's still not letting us okay I
mean while my oh we could cross we don't
have to wait anymore it's finished so
this is my one treat meal for Ken and
Ricky to get whatever they want
now like now like a joke Alex now they
come through they get one meal this
entire trip to get whatever they want
however they want it and I'm gonna treat
them to it after that the biome you
might draw off every single day a week
this is the crab cocktail
the shrimp is the creme de la creme of
starters wait until these guys try their
belly your broad tasty so this is what
it sounds there's the food that we
forgot to dry out here it's just a
little bit about dryers to drop in it
and it makes sense keep it back on it
and it makes it look magical science oh
you know what time it is it's Tabasco
time but can we just take a minute to
realize no smell this bottle of Tabasco
actually is it's just like penis this
food was so how was your food I was it's
good right it makes it good right Tom
what I swear to God every time I see
this stick a pair with a red flashing
light it's like an alien hand look at
this I see this pop in my face every
five minutes it's my dad really selfie
stick is GoPro I'm gonna break this
thing and burn it Oh Ken's just hopping
out his Mercedes is he it's not
Halloween
I'm sure you could buy it I'm sure you
could just ask for it what are you doing
what's that can I keep this
yeah you guessed so he kinky us to have
it he said yeah it's free all right and
we've got it on camera as we carry it
around carry goods as it sounds then
leave it there and we'll take it with us
I don't have no idea what just happened
there but some what happened you watch
videos on YouTube don't you yeah I can
tell you looked at me twice already now
you're on camera by the way there's
there's a friend and there's my dad so
he just happened to catch Amelia my dad
we can't go anywhere the vlog is that
cool alright yeah my gray silvery fox I
don't know I haven't just here anyway
I've got to take care of my drunk dad
Ricky that is the trolley we need and
put a pound in it whatever you have to
do get that trolley Kent Kent I thought
you could drive a car
he's actually got a bad vibe that's why
we got it but we're laughing that his
driving skills are impeccable oh he's
got bad back she looked at me she went
oh okay I'll totally film a little bit
I'm gonna try to livestream our Facebook
nation's the first time ever what are
you doing
ken is just like driving up to the Ebers
but-- real quick alright and are you
bringing that winch with us why don't we
take you okay they gave us that we have
video evidence that they said we could
take no he said we could do this so we
can keep that is absolutely fine I'll go
drop the vehicle I'll be back oh there's
the boost Ken's pushing me we're all
shit we have to reserve the vehicle to
its original destination just returning
it sorry whoop
nailed it look at that back to its
original state would you look at that
thank you very much guys look at that
and we bought in the Sun AHA oh shit
five stinks it smells so bad
that was a hundred times mau5 it's
married why are you throwing women in
the boot because marry rocks and right
there we almost did it right we got we
got away and we got a dad with a Sun Hat
so rest in pieces shit we did not make
it fire I made from there to here the
bike snapped and luckily nothing smashed
like hyenas babies couldn't get worse
fucking talks
come on chilly now resting for the night
the party has done for me but is
continuing for Ken I'm not even sure
what you're doing let me show that dance
moves to a dance moves you just invent
one thing you just invented new new sigh
yeah yeah I passed out like stray on my
bed and just woke up like this
I woke up like this
