morning that's a mess that's a mess this
is a mess
well Nick how you feel it was mine Oh so
am I just tired
I can imagine day on the side edge
pocket it says I ripped a sticker off
this disaster and then it's filled what
this and I forget bird the reason why I
think I know who this is all because
this is so neatly don't go up now I
think this is up there Oh Freeman got
hair that's opening has to be it says
such packaging of it 100% now is God
dongerface room on this package is 110
percent off Beth do you know why I love
redheads II hope you got well this is a
beautiful sight okay brief everything
well mean Alice it's uh Nana's birthday
today
oh I left Nana's card back at home
could you put your name of mine thank
God for that we honestly live in such a
nice area man I I couldn't live in like
a full full city that's why I can't live
in LA on time
look at the views and these hills and
them shape uh-huh
beautiful grasses are gonna be tonight
this is my own court Cohen I love him I
do buddy I'm all right I'm gonna do I'm
not like no I'm gonna sighs it's so
smooth in it name almost lawful I know
I'm coming
oh my god
we don't think oh this is mine come on
mugs oh sorry this is Christian solace
again legend teammate is all jewels on
these camera shoots so drunk already
oh my god
I'm dying Oh what is this what is this I
got cheese done I mean someone up in
there none and just so that I wonder
what's happening Christian just fill a
drink everywhere Ceylan get one coming
oh darling how are you doing from the
story the tap I think Scotto skyping
someone to meet partly randomly came
with water melone I'm gonna see a wild
grandma giggling one do have mushrooms
do they put like painting on these do
and then mold it like a good oh my god
just look at this food my friend go
through more food delicious
cheese that's absolutely joseline but I
have got the pork belly mmm delicious
what is she doing she's Russian custom
she's won't pass to us and disappeared
Lego Batman rip let it go right come on
goodbye I was a dog like we have we're
loosing Grandmamma in her prime at 81
pimpin and what are we found are doing
we found her in a habitat eating a
turkey it literally with the size of a
turkey if it was buttoned and gravy
universe there wasn't enough gravy
it was rather dry but now there's enough
great she is happy she is rested it is a
modern day haircut now transform it back
about like 30 years twice twice made
twice you've knocked over beard and not
even have a bear a full bear
you're embarrassing dad um hi I'm just
leaning on an old friend I have slowly
but surely down here that's from Matt
hey go marker graphic Alice turns up and
bring syndicate posters for me to sign
for some people for Christmas so I'm
just waiting on the name to be able to
fill it in which I'll look at that face
you can stay away from me you you're
gonna put them false teeth somewhere and
I'm not okay with it go on stick them
out simply I seem to have attached to
cretin she's that small youkai see ya
you're a downer little one hello I'm
just asking her to a car get in that
wall T car you squeeze over motion woman
pushy there you go get in there goodbye
Bobby rascal
see all family family is the key to
habit it's the key to happiness blessed
blessed happiness family keys palm trees
make the ceiling
was amazing it's got all the beers than
ever had and this twat well we went for
a drink in the Norfolk what's got novel
one novel gum Norfolk outhouse
um not offer ounce it was it was oh god
yeah I don't drop it off a nice pub it
was a farmer's pub so anyway going
finding somewhere where we can find
ourselves a pool table and you guys are
gonna lose you guys gonna lose your
money comes game fuck - fucking idiot oh
my god we found an old people's home we
should totally break into it let's do it
with somehow decided like the shoe for
there and I said they got you a tea
market oh you guys are do Oh
I'll undo that face quite disgusting you
know when you casually just look behind
you it is a fucking boat what we managed
to buy the lift the legend is a shot we
left we left all it's a pickle
you really want to be playing beer pong
right now but I think the fucking
cleaners thrown out all the cooks
because they were like do I think she's
still up so I don't have any cops so we
have to use big glasses which have a
shitload of barn to locate more cops
holy shit listen to the difference when
I turn up my bass ready ready I could
claim pong all right listen up the
cleaner throw away all the beer pong
balls so we're finding all the running
cooks that run out and we are playing
skyscraper skyscraper Bay for Mac
there's nothing oh my goodness me what
are you even doing right yeah my selca
5-bit path like beer pong what we're
stepping up is the one this is a song
literally can't even fathom this
dickhead Christian is store third drink
bring the bottle be doing it here got
another one Oh rustling rustling
rustling ah it's fine man you got to
laugh at all
shit it's gonna goes down a great oh
c'mon a bit hola
no that is it Oliver we got rid of your
skies forever mate it's okay come on
over be a team player
drink a beat in mind your major be mine
that is what we talk about gazelles you
want to carry shit happens this is what
Cassell's look like these two years all
of them use a cousin bee I was like me
what did you lose your leg it looks like
death anyway that's my birth mother
Wow a little it got stuck one knows this
game a bit punk is taking forever this
is still the same game of beer pong why
it's not even 11:00 o'clock okay I'm
gonna walk out yet finally mice together
walk up and got the pieces delivered we
say nice you sure made a most of it Tom
all the pizza all I said one bite out of
that two slices out of that and two
slices all night I'll be gone I love it
maybe we even do in life okay well I
guess it was worth it now want it gone
when I when I look when I when I
literally just filmed all this and you
just put on all of it one last week so
one more last me so you're walking
kaindi come online put it inside your
fucking body
oh come on what what we even say a lot
yeah
good man think well there's what we call
an action seriously
Oh your life and approaching the stage
is Oliver Cassell for the finest burning
floor competition oh and you're next oh
I'm going up to the stage as I strike
for my cursor
belly flop inbound in five four three
two one
oh well day two of loving a party back
to back and I've got to somehow clean
this up now there's no cleaner coming
tomorrow come once a week and I've got
to get ready for a party tomorrow so
rest in pieces house they can it can
just fix itself am i crying
well I'd blame I and we're although
don't fly I'm flying - you're flying
like you're fly everyone is just so
sorry I'm just too tired
you saw my void from yesterday that was
22 minutes long it's two o'clock in the
morning I'm just tired
I just can't hang casually just chilling
in bed this is all right and mr. Cassell
in a penguin
she got free 60 motherfucking noscope
extension flexion action here
that is a penguin on a Moabite then as
are much nest is my wife Robocop King go
into bed
