oh no this can't be true I'm awaking 136
in the morning take that back in the
afternoon and the Sun's up
holy shit I've fixed my sleeping pattern
now I'm going back to bed
these motherfuckers ladies and gentlemen
please please do not fall for this you
see this channel right here that is a
fake scam fuck I clicked it you dick
great now I'm gonna fucking clear my
cache sort of a dick I didn't mean to
put that no much fucking informations
gonna get tracked like an absolute dick
so don't click that like I did forgot
the laptops touchscreen fuck would you
look at this guy there with his fucking
mountain bike and random share Denarius
hello there Ricky
err okay go fuck yourself no joke here
we with my door closed because he's got
such a recognizable voice I could hear
him outside
that's how wild he talks well own him
and we're chilling and we're talking
about we are talking everyone give me
shit about not put his link in the
description it's because he is still
filming he's vlogging like he's always
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it but
until he actually does start daily
vlogging then you're not gonna find out
where his channel is basically
youtube.com forward slash Ricky Crompton
I am yeah hey film shit loads of stuff
you always seen with his GoPro films you
off the world but never edits it so
hopefully I'm gonna kick his ass into
shape and it's gonna be great okay rage
multiple your faces day rage borders fun
been on the phone for about an hour and
a half nearly two hours with Macy's
being like where the fuck is my sofa
basically the woman the woman who
fucking put through my order I'm so mad
right now right said she booked it for
that day yep
Wednesday delivery of the 25th of
November 25th November I've had no phone
call saying whether or not it's getting
delivered whether it's not rounding the
most like where is it be like oh yeah
we've got ticked here that you were
gonna go online a book in the audience
awful so why the fuck would I do that
that makes no sense like you guys even
saw me walk out saying it's getting
delivered on that day be on the phone
honestly like hour and a half really
complaining got on Twitter fucking
running and raving a Macy's basically it
was like email me so I sent first like a
fucking email at this
complain about how pissed off I am and
there's instant Carver this is a backup
in case anyone else stayed so luckily
Instagram have a bed now an Instagram
Instagram vets at least we have pops up
in 15 seconds at least we have something
Jesus Christ it's something to spice up
my day and make me happier but from the
bed I decided it's definitely a kill day
with these pale these pale chicken legs
is a kill day so let's rock and fucking
roll just as things happen my obviously
Ricki Lake show me your hands Sean these
sick tattoos pretty heavily tattooed
throughout my entire body and they're
attacking following away I'm thinking
about him on that gun and and then cuz
my dad's here we're talking about maybe
convinced my dad to get a tattoo and
then now we're on the topic of whether I
should get a tattoo and I'm like what
would I get a tat you up you want to get
like some a meaningful and smart and
cool and I was like why didn't I get
like why not get like life's too short
make the most of it like that as a
tattoo but what we've come up with is
what do you view is think tom should
have tattooed yeah I've never been
against tattoos or like photos no like
I'm always like whatever they don't
bother me but like if I got some work
what would I get
and don't just say a massive dick like
you guys probably will but leave some
comments down below me Ricky Oh check it
out something real we're gonna check the
comments and we'll pick a few and then
we're gonna head to a tattooist and see
what Thomson gets out we'll try and heal
about Kat Von D that would be sick
how'd you like it so far incredible
Roger this is exactly what we need we
did damage food that's a food hungover I
just made up a word fungal but now we're
going back visit in the old house
because the whole bed situation is
walking around with Ricky basically I
need to go and get an old mattress or
futon a futon to try and have me to
sleep on you've got inflatable bed my
dad's got my bed I'm now without
anything guests come first until I get
fed up of it and kicked my dad out of a
bed because I'm certainly not spooning
him fuck that he's not a streetlight
that is the moon is the biggest minute
of Lucena it's like a full-on full moon
totally forgot to vlog at the house seen
Sonia like it was so dumb like the house
looked well different just because
they're getting ready to move out
so everything was like all over the
place and it was just you know odd to
see the house now today so yeah I don't
drink alcohol
bang bang as much as I can right now so
oh yeah and there's you can see me in
the monitor wearing wearing my kill
still rocking this bad boy but either
way we're getting some get some drinks
getting some food everything ready for
my dad like some milk some cereal and
should be good here we see a world
alcoholic in his natural habitat out
again there's so much choice I have no
idea if you don't mind me to be fast you
know what is this tinder congratulations
you have a match pray
winter classics winter classic he would
Samuel Adams sounds great so we need
come believe it the guy who just near a
second ago I saw him grab two bottles of
fosters put them in his pocket like dead
sketch what all the way around walked
out the store with him I was about to
grab him but I saw a member of staff so
I went to grab the member of stuff to
tell them so they could get him out of
his pocket and as he stepped out the
door like he's left the store we can't
go any further I was like taking the
fucking piss he's literally like and
then when I looked outside Dawn having a
fucking laugh like literally can't leave
it saw that that's the first time I've
seen someone like fucking steal
something just like that
what a dickhead today has just been a
series of fucker and like dude I
genuinely didn't get any sleep oh my it
was like waking up every five damn
minutes thinking that any noise was my
soul for getting delivered so there's no
sofa much to go and get this which is
gonna be Ricky's bedding for the night
like it's just it's just been emotional
like that's all I could physically say
is it's been emotional like then a
shoplifter who the fucking shop didn't
give a fuck about fuck fuckity fuck fuck
Fox
so I'm saying just fucks no Fox could be
given today like the people at Macy's
fucked me over and I'm just it's like
everything's been going so well there's
just bit of bad day but it should be a
great day because Ricky's here has made
it better I'm making the most of it
food was great and my dad's on his way
I'm gonna get along I'm gonna get a
phone call in a minute it'll be off my
dad like Tom I'm in security I'm being
sent back to the UK and I'll just be
like fuck okay so I guess it's time for
me to contract this thing raised air bed
with built-in pump works up power right
do you take some about 15 seconds in
groups the floor price stability okay so
hopefully this is gonna work
just assuming I need to turn on the
power switch watch this blow up straight
away I think I've cups right now I'm
sorry right
inhale to notice what's this day long to
play inhale inhale actually perfect to
put a small bed in there like to put
over to that I'm fucked bet along there
like just like a double then it doesn't
need to be big this could be a perfect
little guest room all mine and guests
can stay in my bed either way I'm not
bothered it's doing its job well I like
how my fridge is now even more
appropriately filled with yet more
alcohol sweet I'm okay with this oh and
oh oh
Ricky's drinking the finest of red wine
room temperature red wine I'll just
stick with my beer cheers good sir
Cheers oh shit my bed is gonna explode
fuck this is coming together so fucking
good bye I'm so happy
I wonder can turn itself off
yeah this is awesome I could fucking do
this man I said like this is genuinely
perfect for what I need I could chilling
it this is exactly what I need right now
yeah you fucked up he knows he fucked up
he he went for the that IKEA baby beast
so this is this where I can just sit
back and think about how ever weird day
it was robberies and then I go and I go
in your room and see a knife lay next to
your bed and I'm like Ricky found a wild
friend again after being in LA for a few
days I missed him so much as like come
on get your shit together I'm flying you
out to LA so is the newest edition of
the building totally we're great vine
him now he's come over to my apartment
our ladies what's this is doing the
twisting grind Ricky's fast though I'm
fast our knees fucking breaking the line
for the pipe I'm with it I have to then
edit the vlog wait for it to upload wait
for it to process which takes an hour
and a half so if I go to bed at five
o'clock I don't go to bed till half 6:00
then once it's done that I could finally
go to bed
can I have one good eye look we'd cover
you choking me I'll be took you in but
we took you in little one sleep well
okay okay you go enjoy your nice nice
nice night away Mayumi eizember weed
that's asleep
Ricky's Betty's made and if we sneak on
into this bedroom over here me and Ricky
are having a midnight feast
yeah well that late-night food we got
was amazing so damn good Oh a 10 Ricky
for what I've just eaten huh give it
yeah my mom was pretty good I didn't
finish all of it but like I was just
relaxed and I was like I'm just relaxed
in bed I was like she I go into the blog
this is this is not felt like this looks
look at everything's like so new and
brand new office I got a brand new bed
and you just sat in here in the most
amazing piece of shit you appreciate
this is I'm gonna sneak it in the night
in my flow deck and ride it over his
face what is this
what are you sure this is gonna blow
your mind so this is drop and roll into
biking whatsoever what can a bike this
would be like Street trials Danny
MacAskill you've probably all heard of
him but this video is dropping 10:30
a.m. UK time shit so by the time this
video is up it's already live so just
search Google drop and roll and we're
dropping roll the segue in your face
however I do just want to make one thing
clear didn't quit when I was watching
back the vlog when I was talking about
the guy who I saw robbing something and
I made it sound like I just let him walk
away by acts I saw him like sketch like
potm in his pockets I thought he was
walking over to like the checkout with
him like he kind of held them but didn't
fully put them in his pocket so like
maybe he's just holding me know I can
put his hands there not being an idiot I
was like watching the dude and then as
soon as I saw him walk like walk towards
the door I grabbed a member of stuff
before I even walked out don't went that
guy's stealing something he's got his
fucking stealing beers his pockets and
all the members of staff just looked at
me seriously and didn't care they didn't
give a fucking shit didn't I like
looking like what so were you guys doing
that guy's walking out with there right
now the guy like didn't see him look
back or anything but as I looked again
he obviously heard me say it the fucking
ball is like there was no security
guards there anything the stuff did not
give a single shit try to do something
nice I should have just grappled the guy
down to the ground it was over only two
beers then the police would about to get
involved in all that shit in the store
clearly did not care but tried to do
something nice and in the end they just
don't they didn't care so but they
didn't even say thank you didn't do
anything they were just like they
apologized to me they were like sorry we
didn't do anything I was like I don't
fucking care if you didn't do anything I
tried to stop someone stealing your
stuff you're the one who didn't care but
as always you know a guy would like to
been doing the past couple days to end
my vlog I like flicking light switches
make sure to subscribe new video every
single day 10 a.m. la time
6 p.m. UK time and I'm going to turn off
this so as usual you like green I gotta
turn on the switch thanks watching and
goodbye
