like are expressions of it miles
you're like you're on a weird angles I
couldn't get you I find no morning well
it's been a beautiful but that's yeah
well it's a beautiful day it's a nice
clear sky and I've been inside making
videos all day cuz that fucking came in
room warm you up so I fell back asleep
because I was tired you open your card
yeah I got you the best Christmas card
ever dad Angie let's order I got
everyone running Christmas cards yes
I've got you and Alice dad and his mom
had finally accepted is a first you
don't succeed try doing how she told you
in the first but there's a story in my
life right right
see look at a gig fun of the face thank
you look okay ah Tom Bakk sake I got you
bro got you
yeah I held onto the door so tightly so
did accident in the hitting with it but
I got him hahaha
dad what do you think you Christmas card
I got you I think told percent perfect
did you yeah that's why I thought that
is the reaction I was looking you what
yours any loved is and grind out loved
is do well so far house look much
different when I've got the downstairs
lights on it always throws me off sit
cuz like because the Flint you only ever
see two so it's like a it's two story
but it's absolutely it was three stories
the bookcase looked well nice anyway
we're going going
it is currently half a six just got the
vlog up from yesterday and that's for
the coming I'm a peckish little Thomas
so I'm going getting some fish and
British chips which I think my dad right
now is pulling down the drive whilst I'm
about to gonna get some fish and chips
so I'm hungry alright bye dad Ken
arrived tactical isn't food words can i
express how hungry I am for those fish
and chips
well maybe the can so a lot of tits be
held I'm hungry in the most amazing
story of events I just got back and my
dad's ear and the technician might
helping that you know the smarts is
doing the house like the speakers and
stuff in the you know the iPads for TVs
and all that I came in and had like look
really angry sat down was like you're
right maybe well know how and what you
when the pools gone down a flight as in
the pools gone down and it's not working
right now as and the pools gone down as
in like the waters come down he went the
walls come down there's been a leak in
the purple shit so hopefully it gets
fixed by tomorrow cuz I've got guests
coming round of which we will be
swimming and yeah yeah that's that's
that boy in other news oh I just
completely skin monkey know just skin
that fish now I'm a professional
well joined by my mum now after I've
just at my shitty hello opu goodness God
well I know it's not a Disney frozen
nope
oh it's just a question what is it what
is it what is it oh really
Oh actually yeah I got my mom a real one
because I don't have it
yeah she just don't mad at me if I
didn't get her a real one India's just
turned up at the office and what's this
the tallest man in the world he just
walked towards that door frame over
there without ducking me you're even fit
for the doodle bangies Evan a little bit
oh poor guy and then this but apparently
he brought me a soybean crop and some
cook a bit bit more to it but this of
you is up for these oh it's a group
thing how do you know these guys then
okay I know difference this is literally
how fucking tall this guy's that is
absolutely awesome so it's all just
spaced out for everything
hey check these guys out oh this is dope
a perfect spot for it what times that
Star Wars film on nine by nine o'clock
all right nude in the new trailer for
the DLC awaken zombies just came out
right now and so I'm going to try and
break it down do a little video on it
get it up in time for us to be out the
roster what's it called first we have to
rush to the cinema so let's get this
shit done
would you look at that guys the trail of
the new zombies has dropped I've just
added a whole bit of a breakdown on my
channel look it okay yeah I'm so stoked
like the map looks incredible like it
drops like February 2nd I just cannot
wait to get my hands on it I've been
playing the two maps now to death like
we've already played the giant like
crazy shadows of evil there's so much to
do we need something new and it's on its
way
Oh would you look at that surprise
surprise look where I am again
Ashton Moss Hollywood Bowl this time ago
watch the Star Wars I bailed on Alison
cow because three days in a row now
about the chance to go and see Star Wars
not have the chance because everyone
keeps going no no no I do it another day
I'm not going with you today my mom roll
round we're going watching it I'm gonna
film the entire thing to put up on
people
mom Humpty a cheeky nandos Luther oh hi
I'm good
oh it's led toasty pop car town to
cinema tickets popcorn to drinks oh my
god I need a mortgage she's the worst
about what George Lucas was like that
koelschip I oh gosh
oh man I don't know why I just can't get
the same skirt out my head say it's a
skirt skirt like is a reference group
say
yeah would you just look at that that is
so adorable actually you know what it's
adorable but things look like it's about
to haunt your soul come on pass me some
popcorn - thank you
how long nice okay okay oh no hear what
you're fucking everywhere oh you were
just sat here watching trailers and my
mom says she's got me car insurance and
I looked and she's got me insured on
solo insurance on an empirical a star
destroyer now you're what I call a
legendary Bob thank you it's a great
Christmas present oh my god - ray just
got done finish watching Star Wars
it was incredible absolutely incredible
I love it was a hundred percent
perfection a fun void so hard that where
you see all the old casters like wow did
you like it wasn't even like ten
I give it a 10 just cuz no all right
nine and a half because there's like
some things that was like a little e but
it's just so easy to overlook cuz the
car please every morning
yeah it was just stuff okay good my
car's all the way although you can't
even see you ready look from it it won't
that's like the Batmobile my mom said if
I unlocked it like that by pressing it
in someone jumped in it with a lock a
minute of course I would just go on yeah
yeah they won't be able to drive off
with good key they couldn't do the doors
and leg it with what there's nothing in
there home sweet home
would you look at that it's raining in
England and Allegra moving I'm not even
gonna lie so tight guys so I'm going to
bed oh joy today's vlog
it was kind of randomly all over the
place meeting different people but but
you live like rate subscribe and ooh
tomorrow I'm going to be on a random
adventure from a vlog so don't miss that
because I'm going me and someone who
kind of like did a made you wish to hang
out with me for the day and I'm going
bowling with him and the trumpet said I
saw the traffic get in there it's gonna
be absolutely awful boy be fun to spend
the day with him so it's gonna be cool
and I'm holding no bars I'm gonna kick
his ass okay if he's gonna kick his ass
it but we bought a city zoo you guys saw
me last play yesterday I did really bad
so prepare for me to cry tomorrow so
guys thanks for watching so is and so
you gets most its p.m. every day UK time
goodbye
