good morning world and I can say it is a
pleasant day for once look at that look
at that view it's been a while since
we've actually seen a clear sky and I
just stood in the dog's water bowl from
last night great way to start the day
well Joe look at this secret little
that's not secret it's the back way to
come out the back of my ear my garage
we're gonna get inside Bay and I wonder
good morning good morning guys bit tired
tonight there they are
you see that bird right there that's
them that's the ones that eat my windows
I just need a double-barrel shotgun
it'll be problem solved gotta go and get
two three presents left for Christmas
and I'm completely done then I can just
start wrapping them in tin foil because
it's the lazy man's way of doing it
I understand they I'll get you fixed
eventually yes you did just see me get
into my car leaving the house but then I
remembered I just got a new pair of
sunglasses so would you look at them
I've had literally tens and tens of
oakley sunglasses but these ones are the
first ones that I've ever bought with a
polarized sticker lens on it and they're
incredible you know what when people say
I can see the light I literally can't
see the light sunglasses are actually
doing their job I am not too sure what's
going on with England but there is Sun
and I am okay with this keep it up cuz I
got all my family members like jokey
Christmas cards I got my granddad one
but it said to my beautiful wife as you
guys know my grandma passed away so I
don't want a wife card lying around his
house luckily I spotted last minute
otherwise oh just sign and gave in so I
think I'm just gonna give him like a
happy birthday frozen card instead that
is the first hitchhiker I have ever seen
in my life in England I've seen loads in
America but raw first-ever here I can
honestly not further than how expensive
paged my camera like 60 pounds for 3 me
at cable what the thing is I've done all
my shopping apart from three items and
two I can get from the same place and
one I just don't want to get so I've
decided to return to Crown Point North
in Denton as you can see Ariel forgot to
get the person that's one those chickens
I mean cars cars different cars
oh yes managed to get the last hair gel
this is the one I use Torian guide men's
styling boy this is the best stuff to
ever use I swear to God why my in the
women's aisle okay I've done my shopping
I didn't manage to get my grinder
anything and now I have the problem work
you know where the hell I parked my car
shit I bumped into a couple also
shopping from America whose son didn't
come out shopping with him today like
this is Denton there's not many people
from America here because he came all
the way from America and was like oh my
son ding come on it didn't come shop in
can you ring him so I just rang you mom
went on the phone with him for a bit
Merry Christmas can awesome guys I don't
think my granddad's Christmas cat could
have got any better right this is what
got him it's frozen happy birthday card
you might be like Tom what listen I some
reason this year I decided to get
everyone super random cards but I did
not know that inside the frozen birthday
card was oh my god oh my god
a poster he proposed to our wrapping
paper everyone my grandad better
appreciate this I will burn his house to
the ground
here as you can see me in the bottom
left-hand corner of your screen in the
window we are preparing to stake out the
fucking birds that keep making my
windows as soon as I see them I'm going
to throw this lucozade bottle at their
faces
and they are going to die an imploding
death even though that a sneaky idea
would be to put some bread out entice
them to come and get it and feed them
laxatives I was gonna say but I don't
need them shitting everywhere so I just
need like you know in the movies where
like pigeons explode like is it you have
to feed them baking powder or summer
sprinkle baking powder on some bread or
birdseed leave a GoPro set up and they
just that's kind of harsh but it could
work you understand where I'm coming
from
it could work and just to quickly sum up
in case I kind of didn't fully say it
before the reason why I got my granddad
a second cow second card is because as
you guys know my gram I passed away from
motor neuron disease and I picked up
like loads of different cards randomly
and the one that I'd left is just
randomly get to my granddad was you know
to a beautiful wife and you know we my
god at it can take a good joke and
everything like that but you know
because he's wife passed away he's alone
at Christmas you know without it's like
do you really want to be reminded of
seeing a wife card every time you like
walk and they you know the kitchen oh
sorry the living room is someone art so
I just thought really bad idea to do
that so I decided to get the frozen one
instead see Tom thinks before he acts
sometimes sometimes oh my god there it
is there is look that's an apple tree
and apples a fall of what you are going
to die a miserable death I'm gonna kill
it I swear to god it's ruining my life
you like the the old man from oh yeah
this is a I picked you a special card
it's a special card you got your glasses
gate reading glasses fire coming Friday
alone are we talking about well you god
there's a poster
I actually think it's wrapping paper
I think he's wrapping paper or posters
supposed to be to have jacquard read
your card
happy birthday wishing you a magical
birthday do you like it yeah oh
- Tommy wishing you a happy xmas and
what know it says see you Tommy wishing
you a happy xmas and a posh potatoes
thank you just studied for me about that
and it's it just farted whilst looking
at me
grandad that was that was kind of that
was evil that was it was natural you
stared at me watch you fuck it it was
this who is that who's that
he looks like a monkey with an Elvis or
me my sister were absolutely adorable
goodbye young man goodbye see you shit I
fucking just drove down the side of
house like fucking cold bastards you're
gonna die going insane
these fucking birds are ruining my life
if you have ever seen the film I think
it's called mousetrap or rat race or
something like that where like two
people buy a house and this fucking
little mouse ruins their life these two
pigeon decades Ravens whatever they are
and messing with my mind this is not
negotiable hurry you are not a wizard
I'm sick of every time I won't feel to
go to Apple store buy a dish put it in
and play it instead
I have to wait for the sub day I've been
waiting for 23 minutes so well 20
minutes and three remaining please
please go faster it's time to go bowling
I'm wearing my blazer again just because
I don't know I just I just kind of like
it it's just cozy and look smart you can
wear jeans and then like Trek dark
trainers with it and you can just fit in
in any situation but we're going joining
neighbor Alice tin dia and I think Cal
for a better bowling and Christmas tree
you look delicious
not gonna lie my pocket jobs are getting
better that that right there looks like
a friend it's not my boyfriend is my
neighbor Alice's fiance living yet been
together for 7 years and they're still
not married well the chance yesterday
you see him exiting there that's some
you I came to Nando's yesterday with
Brenda Bergeron to aside any fear
we just can avoid a cheeky nandos okay
that worked just because I regarded like
a really hearty sales pages it's our
area we've like an accent and I never
face is but anyway we're going bowling
and whose team is it we don't even again
you and me versus this is my favorite
thing to do at bowling
I give everyone the most random names
possible you see I always do the best
name Alamo tin dia for Colleen so and
Cindy cause
I was no one said that yeah that is
quite possibly the best name to F call
me cynical I'm gonna change my Twitter
names that right now
well because I'm called Cindy cause we
went with Christmas names he's called
Cal dog we can do an alley donkey not
successful
you got this Alice you got this you got
this that's right all right oh this is
looking terrible Alice its winning no
not okay with this
I'm being in India by one as it
currently stands and doing terrible
haha
I wanna win a Daedric warrior okay we're
playing this I had no idea but this
arcade has Mario Kart machines so Shiva
me do be made check it out this is
fucking awesome yeah
but budgeted good game so this is well
good it's got loads of different beaches
on it I like this we're all doing right
everyone put in your pound and then it
will team up then right we're all right
pick your character all right you have
to take a photo so
nailed it K+ because I got shot at the
end
good job in reality this is what you
want to try and win for 8,000 tickets we
have no yeah we have a hundred so we're
gonna go for any big balloons instead of
Finding Nemo magnet
okay kill me now
let go this man here that you're about
to see has the biggest is in existence
everyone this is and now we'd like him
subscribe and I will see you guys
tomorrow
and every day after that 6 p.m. UK time
from new vlog because I do daily
vlogging and you guys seem to enjoy it
so until next time thanks for watching
and good bye
are you ok
