today should choice is going to be there
blue royal shirt and I have questions
about England right now what's going on
what is what is this what what is this
sunshine what I'm I'm okay with it what
I'm not okay with is this her this is
really random right now but it was like
I read the same once it was like how can
you expect to take over the world when
you don't even make your bed in the
morning so every day since I've heard
that saying I make my bed and let's be
fair more importantly what day is it
Monday what's the Monday motivational
what's more of a tional it's
motivational Monday so again this laptop
bag door letting down to syndicate Ridge
oh my god cats what that cats cats cats
that just said it's motivational Monday
out the heck is our bloody high yield on
the loose
cuts are ruining my house one step at a
time I love these ultra blue shoes by
the way you always hear me praise about
them but the one bad thing about them is
that the inside by the sole of the shoe
just comes out all the time so when you
brush the light on like don't convene
you i but from the fucking shoes broke
indeed a gardeners getting some
fresh-cut grass
how do end it good morning sir Oh
afternoon I'd like to say I'm starting
this day rather reasonably early and
fresh and all that but I'm really not I
got up at 12 but I got out of bed at
2:00 so cloudy but it's nice oh my god
hey but I've got a gift for mum George
it's a man but then then you want some
Parma ham cuz I want Parma ham in mind
this time and then just do you want some
cheese I thought it would Oh what was
that I seen it I seen it ooh guys in
today's vlog I'm gonna be giving away
16,000 wristbands
I've got leave comments a alesh smells
I'm pretty sure she's not gonna let that
happen so I ain't givin arias times away
I'm sorry well you do realize these the
most popular item under something white
with gold thank you and for the popular
comments of
your condoms they're not the response I
didn't expect that I saw some guy taking
photos the sky wondering what he's doing
I know that youtuber with you waiting
for his wife to do the laundry
yeah he's a local guy and he falls
chemtrails and like the government's
trying to kill us since the possible
crazy but no not him crazy like crazy I
bumped into another youtuber but
nonetheless look at this alright I
thought this one was dope but I
literally thought it was light reflected
on the bag but I was like oh he's like
reflecting on these look that is my
favorite / oh wow oh yeah well what what
you doing you're toasting machine of
your entire life no no I'm gonna leave
you to struggle your toast to be shit of
your entire lives just broke it on you
can't use the machine do not blame me
that's absolutely fine thank you
it looks like you've ruined it but you
know what I have faith in you cuz it has
Parma ham in it that was my decision I
just wanna let you know that my mom is
greats person in the whole wide world
even though she can be a negative head
an egg and sometimes but I love you okay
that show that show me your face show me
your deep do you thing
yeah that's Alice he's now faced with I
was just like do I hear you do promo in
the distance Alice would love to show
these off lookin if you turn him around
look at that six teats that you bloody
genius okay high five
sweet so it's gonna be a crazy bed I
really look forward to it but to
everyone asking questions that what's
the response look like this is whether
what like yes I'm going it is gonna be
litter then a titty I'm gonna be there
my mom's gonna be there
ours is gonna be there India's gonna be
there cows gonna be there is Ken Ken
coming down for day no no no Ken aunty
pole is gonna be there the squad farm is
gonna be there and it's gonna be an
amazing event and I'm really really
looking forward to it so if you guys
haven't decided you're going yet pop
down for a day pop down for a weekend
get there or be square
that's a lot of stock mate that's a lot
of stock right there's a lot of girls
are the overall people is it all for
black can't even buy much love
oh wait no even so it was even hoped up
there no one's even seen it this is the
brand new shirt launched a insomnia I
love it
the black the black erection I'm just
saying you messed up your shaving black
red and black that and why yes though is
good news when I come to see you in it I
need you to fix my baby she's dead
hey alright so I always say like I
forget what Thom McCann's BMW looks like
it looks like that oh my god that's good
that is your something else I always see
at night time oh hey Scott these rim D I
was even driving Oh what's his name oh
no they asked shall cause honey ain't
nobody know all right take this dog dog
I could see my my neck now just for the
record haven't been mauled by a
Wolverine see whoa these scratches let's
you got something to admit to you there
mate look it literally looks like he's
got a smile he's like yes that was no
doggy
oh no I'm being mugged by a doggy Oh
took a shit
okay doggy this is max this is Tommy's
new puppy wait does it cost his toms or
is it the family's yeah Tom can't have
the responsibilities of a dog all to
himself look at this dog is going crazy
for an ice cube
it's like h2o oh my gosh okay what is
the matter going about Wow is that what
whoa what a well-trained dog whoa
is he just like chunk it up like
children are oh I wonder why Tom's got a
BMW Thom McCann's dad is an
international drug dealer that's that's
the story we've always had about Tom
McCowan's dad's big case big Ronald how
many men and a dog does it take to
change a fuse tom toms possibly blown a
fuse so he speakers in the counter not
working so cheeky I rolled up Brackett
about how goodies Cowboys for it and
then it turns out is no Jill it's six
o'clock at night why they still the
office would you still do again look at
this we got boxes and boxes and boxes
and boxes and there's no dead busy what
you talking about oh my god mother of
EXO's nice yeah actually
give me one then Oh farewell Fraulein
farewell oh yeah by five that's kind of
cute
BYE MOM violas let's go bye now I'm
doing a swear saying goodbye to this
family's like the hardest thing in the
world it just hell yeah you too Lucy
okay bye the smell of a freshly cut lawn
look at that absolutely beautiful I also
went today I spoke to the farmer who
owns that land over there it's being
sold and then there's houses being built
on it I did ask you know if it was
worthwhile like can I buy it it's not
really worth with the farmer which I
respect to understand cuz I just buy a
flounder whereas he can make more money
off it being houses but
his family were amazing and may know
some people selling land not too far
away from me hmm we may we might we may
find ourselves a playground boys I'm
very excited I'm gonna hope so don't
forget boy if I can find somewhere then
get like an electric quad bike dirt bike
so I don't disturb people and then can
just tear it round on a field yes please
finally managed to get rid of an ALICE
of my mom started the livestream a much
look I need to shut out great great good
dry one two three four five six cuz I
just love numbers Rober dispose after
use amazing name and the Icelandic
theatre geek
thank you very much subscribe me the
most incredible twitch names you've ever
heard of in your life thank you done
with a bit of a stream at a good old one
it lasted maybe three and a half I was
got three wins in fortnight but more
importantly Ubisoft is that fire cry
five comes out that midnight so I'm
going to try and pre-download a go say
it's only 24 gig which just doesn't seem
right in the slice two hours to download
coz meaning that's absolutely sure it
went up is absolutely crap boy it is 11
o'clock so maybe if I can get a
downloading just after midnight I might
stream it who knows all right usually
this is the diamond diamond that I Eve
chicken bulan
but now I'm gonna try spicy so I don't
know what it's even gonna taste of of
anything so it doesn't even say a flavor
it just says spicy so we're I'm gonna
try some noodles spicy in three minutes
we're gonna give them a go yeah I ain't
sure about the look of this spice man I
feel like this is gonna ruin me I'm
gonna hate it my mouth could be burning
while some plain far cry which by the
way still downloading after like three
hours that's how I'm gonna get this new
Internet and I'm gonna have nothing that
I need to download I'm gonna have
nothing that I need to scream I'm
probably you're travelling and I'll get
this me find you don't find you down and
what you need it I've needed it now not
bad now I'm happy to wait but now this
smell is hot oh dear oh dear
yeah you know I said I was worried about
these noodles don't be worried
they're absolutely incredible they're a
little bit spicy like you can feel like
I'm like your lips you Tom and stuff
like that but flavorful wise they're
incredible and I highly recommend them
man oh man all that time later - to get
the game downloaded it is now 1:15 in
the morning let's do
by the way this is not sponsoring like
that I know loads of stream is doing
this sponsored but I just love farcry so
my all-time favorite games I played it
so much as a kid and I cannot wait to
play this I know it sounds that I'll but
like honestly Far Cry instincts predator
I probably played that game I probably
played that game more that it called
Ewing I'd like to do a massive shout out
to have aldo80 glitch from twitch
rampage dum dum boom a lonely sentry
with a free month spot thank you very
much to subscribe you guys I appreciate
the game already uninstalled itself kind
of partly so yep ruined I got the game
working and it is in sane oh my god the
quality is beautiful I'm stepping away
from my computer and if the clock tells
the right time yep that's right
it's a court pass about to be quiet past
9:00 in the morning I can't got carried
away
streaming far cry and I streamed for 13
hours tonight 12 out 12 hours tonight
and I'm really not that tired I'm gonna
feel it in an hour or in a minute but oh
my god oh one gasp scream I then decided
to sleep till 5 p.m. in the afternoon I
stopped streaming at 9 a.m. and fell
asleep I set my alarm for 12:00 I was
like yeah laughter obviously I'll be a
bit tight like overbite right I'll be
sorted whatever but then no matter wha
I'll just recover the next day however I
didn't I did not and it is now 6:30 p.m.
and this vlog has only pretty much just
gone live I may be streaming today but I
don't know what time cuz I've got to get
out and get some stuff done but you know
coz that's throughout my entire day
nonetheless guys I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next daily
vlog don't forget if you do everyone
want to be live streaming games follow
me on Twitter on TV voice I shouldn't
care I'm streaming pretty much every
damn day at every hour of the day so I
couldn't even set myself a schedule it's
supposed to be 7:00 p.m. but like how
these vlogs are supposed to be 6 o'clock
I'm just gonna say this thanks for
watching guys make sure you're right
like writing and I'll see you guys
tomorrow at a time okay much love and
for those
