starting a brand new day looking at an
information screen looking for man I was
was Manchester found it Manchester will
depart it's a new dawn it's a new day
it's Friday
yep that's right it's Friday on the 7 I
think Friday the 7th in England unless
it's the 8th I don't know but anyway I'm
home I'm like torn between decisions
right now all of this movement so good
like ordering my copy and the guy didn't
even ask me to her name and I was like
yeah he knows
I love you bucketed okay dude get Jones
actually had a photo with that guy from
Starbucks he can run the cones that
you're talking to get a book so I did
really nice guy and now it's time to get
on a 35-minute slide to Manchester and
then 20 minute train a taxi home and
then I'd just have that what eight so
I'm probably gonna be wide off my tips
in the next hour but then it's gonna
crash I'm gonna crash I'm gonna hate
myself of a thick bitch you better have
me on snapchat at thin the kitten if you
don't you know what you are you're just
a bitch
I agree everybody said to me was gonna
be snowing
I finally got some games downloaded on
my razor phone so I'm playing a little
bit of tower defense learning a bit more
about games and mechanics and all that
she's and then over here I've got like a
nice little uh duck bread and chocolate
cake lien pairing which is like a slice
what's the shot
Energon Bloody Mary
I can see my house from this guy like
after I've done this trip like
Manchester to LA this is gonna be my 59
return journey doing that why I've done
you so many times so it's over there and
try and see
I can see my house and get like a good
to zoom in on itself let's go this is
gonna be a little bit difficult but look
at my neck of the woods are frozen over
and snowing this is awesome and I'm a
nigga nice to hear just because of it
actually being snowy and icy I feel like
it's gonna throw me out but right now I
don't recognize anyway oh there's a
bunch of low club like seriously low
cloud that I think he's definitely gonna
stop me from seeing my house like this
is be alike at this point from what I
can see down below this is where I
should start to recognize the areas to
work out where my house is bought I'm
really really struggling and everything
is really really white am I gonna wear a
t-shirt I think I know where I think my
house
No
my house is over there
my house is on that road
oh god this boy's killing me stop it yes
the sun's gonna be on the cloud okay I
actually think we're gonna fly right
over
my house triangle of errands as fast as
possible something because we keep
moving I'm like struggling to remember
exactly where it is but I think I've
gotten out of yes there it is there's my
house right there
that's my neighbors that's my neighbors
has been worked on theirs
with my allergy on the drive whoa
that's being you see the back of it it's
like real-life Google Maps there is
my dad's not there I thought his car
might be around the back that's so
awesome that I found it I always try and
spoil it is it just a flying fuck cause
when I'm in my house I can see all the
planes going over all the time and then
my one day I was just like looking out a
window and I saw the McDonald's I used
to work at because it's like a really
busy roundabout and I look at it I was
like wait if I follow the roads like as
if I was in my car and drive to my house
like a fold the route that I usually
take a boom farmhouse I could have
actually looked my dad's house then
bought oh it's what come on so
I just realized even what I said before
that my camera keeps stop recording that
I can't wait to get rid of this phone
yeah I was assuming in getting really
good angles on my house the entire time
it wasn't so HD and clear cuz the
lighting was perfect
yeah I don't think I recorded it
I'm such an idiot no I take it back I
didn't I definitely did Ricardo I was
gonna say I would have noticed the
square when you record a light on going
back to a circle it wasn't recorded so
touchdown we need a like oh it's not
snowing in in the slightest oh bugger I
have to go back
keep my little G trust it's gonna be
absolutely freezing
I'm not going to know though so bring it
on they also tweeted out I'm like
thinking of getting like a 4x4 because I
want to like Beyonce take stuff for me
to be but then it's like do you want
like the luxury of space of traveling
around you just want the ruggedness of
say light throw a Maui bike in it don't
give a look if it gets messy don't give
a book if it gets scratched on the store
like that I'm telling you about it I
don't want to take care of it aren't in
between is it right now it was a
pleasure if I didn't have this syndicate
original jumper link in the description
I would be dead right now
it just goes oh man look at this snow
what is that about
it's actually snowing in England okay I
need open up to Paradise City where my
house is here and it will be warm and I
have two kitties I could have made that
rhyme better but oh look at that proper
slushy ice oh oh hang on a minute hang
on a minute
what's that doing there that's Alice
he's good is she in my house she oh oh
right there is she my house
I don't know but hello reindeer hello
Audi TT is right now you know alone you
know
oh my Christmas decorations are out
might have gotten up no I just like not
my dad not my wife and not Alice
answered the door someone else look mate
okay I'm actually using my detective
skills here and deciding that you see
Alice's car underneath it is dry I'm
putting doing dude together and
basically working it that that car has
not been moved in at least 24 hours if
not some more Karen left her car here
not too sure and I was gonna say I guess
okay even get into my own house but I'm
here Oh time for the cat's reaction you
know oh my god it smells tick hello and
oh my god that somehow gigantic boobs
hello buddy
I've not seen you in so long have you
been peeing on the bed whilst I've been
away I think mom said you did not eat
fat kitty no-neck kitty oh good no no
she looks like sad to see me oh my god
still hasn't grown back in Squarepants
square patty over here okay something
tells me they're happy to see me hi just
a fish something tells me they're happy
to see me hello oh my god I didn't think
I'd miss cats I didn't miss them all
right not not in the slightest like yeah
the cue ball I didn't miss him but now
that I'm seeing him again in person now
missed them but it's time to see Bobby
boy that is a that is a really lazy fat
man pose you doing right there mate
hello hello hello little diva that's a
little early boy he's so big no I do
buddy
okay have you missed me only begun done
10 days you won't even bloody know is me
would you oh okay I really need to start
getting him out more huh
I want to try my best to help him be
more active because I see a lot of like
bearded dragon people on Instagram like
that I follow one stalk and their beard
is like run around
crazy because to get them out like all
day every day probably cuz its warm
weather weather in America what do they
want to start getting them out because
it's cold outside he might go into it I
think I'm saying broom a sugar salt it
which is where they kind of like it's
like a hibernation I probably said the
wrong word there but it's worth the
coins like a state of hibernation where
they don't really move more Jory more
child doing much so oh is that good oh
yes Steve strike a pose mate strike a
pose look at that look at him I just
held him for like five minutes
look how nice the color is good that
means he's so happy like he was like all
in there like dark lava
and though he's got like totally sun
color which means he's just so stoked to
see me right I promise I'll get you out
tonight you can chill me all night all
right
I know I'll go to see the kitty cats and
stuff but honestly you me ro G so I love
you but time for the important part is
this is this not supposed to get before
like literally an hour before I went to
America let's find the 256 gig Space
Gray iPhone X again so those of you who
had no idea like what I'm referring to
being like what a meet what do you mean
you had it and then you lost it and you
got it or whether but basically what
this is looking like the plans for New
Year's Eve pie okay photo booth hog
roast blues decoration stuff pie pay
caterers sham play food Tower held yes
oh I also have something to tell you
guys but I think I'm gonna say that's
tomorrow's vlog you by guarding you boy
I got in trouble
with this car so I'll tell you about
that later ball to summarize what's been
happening what happened is I was in my
house I got a message being like hey
we're gonna deliver a package in like an
hour
to your address and I was like sweet I'm
in and I saw with this CC how you can't
see through his window right now this is
called switch class right and when I
switch it boom you can see through so I
switched on so I could see through at
all times just in case the deliveryman
came now little delivery man do it keep
calm and I was inside here the entire
time I'm sorry inside that inside there
side inside there and then all of a
sudden no doorbell rings no nothing oh
it is made the house all like nice and
tidy don't get me wrong I do have a
cleaner but that bed is perfectly laid
together and she's got a little cute
pillow yeah so when I was sat inside
this office waiting for the delivery and
then get a text saying hey we're trying
to deliver it in your word and sorry I
was like what the fuck
so check email the delivery guy didn't
even ring the doorbell during any
contact information or tried to get in
touch me even though he had my phone
number on the system could it rang me
too polite hear you in the house or
anything chose not to do that
took a photo of the house left and
didn't even knock on the door to see if
I was in or not he just assumed no he's
not in a none left and then rather than
leaving the package with the neighbor he
left like that was a move he decided to
do I guess I can't question him but he's
doing it now and I had no idea what the
package would was and it turned out the
package was indeed boom my iPhone acts
on the 10 and yeah if I would have had
that like my entire trip to LA would
have looked ten times better quality you
guys would have loved it it would have
been great I would have probably learned
to hate the phone just because I'm
hearing a lot of negative reviews about
like how sliding things and haptic
feedback works and stuff so I'm gonna
give it my first ever true use I think
tomorrow because there's no point start
in half a day is there then again like
tomorrow I think me and then you're just
kicking back watching live Netflix all
day and no that's not a euphemism
something like we actually watch peaky
blinders together Punisher and a bunch
of other stuff so we've got it we're
good roaming like a day of just chilling
together watching it by the way if you
wondering why I'm walking like round
like an idiot I'm looking for my fucking
dad course query today I'm looking for
my khakis fine macaques go around to the
shop you know up gonna walk I did say I
was gonna walk ever
I couldn't find my suitcase I was like
yeah you're home this is awesome look
you know right first of all top to
disrespect definitely says it's like no
thing oh the reason why I say it isn't
because I've talked to disrespect my dad
for longer than any existence of ever no
doctor disrespect talks to animals
refers to animals with that statement of
come come come come come come come come
it doesn't get these pigeons these drugs
is chickens I don't even know who does
it with these cat book
that's where I got come come come come
come from and then like hearing
disrespect like say it's like whoa it's
almost like yeah well it's almost like
doctor disrespect to my dad from forest
fires in LA to walking in snow in
Manchester England
okay that's the van delivered my package
it didn't drop it off to me
I almost want to say something to the
delivery driver being called if you're
watching this and you work DPD you
deliver to a local area high dingy cross
use the doorbell and also please don't
break any more packages you never have
done but you know you never want to make
an enemy with you delivery driver you
want a good relationship with those guys
otherwise christmas christmas is coming
late you
bitch it's more skill more skill cazel
odd smells bad okay okay so Alice should
be here right now my mom's on holiday
Alice should be here they're not not too
sure where they are but oh my God look
at how many but yeah i think i think
it's expert i think it's fair to say the
place is falling apart without my mom
but more importantly holy crap first of
all the pod comes so the plug is if you
guys want to get some syndicate regional
swag before christmas like now is the
time to odd if you're watching this
blogger and i you need to be ordering
now to get it in time but oh my goodness
me alice's been on her own absolutely
stressing it it's up there because like
there's been no one abled like to be
free to help her so poor thing has been
stressing bought shirley what where is
she oh my god okay so I'm actually
filming on the X now but oh my god oh no
okay so what I was saying is I'm gonna
use the iPhone X for the rest of the day
just because I can't be asked like
filming on one phone and then using the
other phone separately but their wives
here and I need to get a new car because
if you park at the partner here in this
road turns to IT kak after ordered so
the guys have been hearing me to pass
okay talking about her black my iPhone
got delivered and I was like oh and I
was not made aware yeah the doorbell was
broke I don't know
DPD I'd like to issue a public statement
of apology to you and your drivers I
they did do their job I was in the house
it could have thrown it at my house like
the Amazon driving at that time he threw
a monk yeah I know but like he threw an
actual like possibly MOOC through it so
yeah please don't do that but but if you
would have done that I would have got it
but probably broke did DPD um I'm really
sorry I did not know where's the camera
oh what's that
I did wait is it this oh that's like why
is this not working oh is that
is there like this nobody done yeah DPD
I really said I'm really sorry
like I'm really sorry this is how we do
what we've got Netflix get over it
I'm just so much Chinese we could feed
an entire village ha ha so unfair
chicken you've got three Chinese this
week oh my god she's go funny ribs
special fried rice start a kit and two
portions swamp up chicken hell mother
took in yet this is how I this is how I
fish when I come back to England
yep it's as good as it usually is well
it is currently 3 o'clock in the morning
the jet lag is real I'm wide awake I've
woken up with you and I'm not gonna get
practice laid out for another four hours
the life of a traveller well I actually
managed to get a good night's sleep
ish I say I say it's just because I did
wake up at like 3 o'clock come on like
you saw and then I also woke up again
afterwards at like 7 o'clock and then
changing my alarm I said my love for
Nana o'clock in the morning it was like
now this is a terrible idea
so there you go but I'm gonna save it
until tomorrow's vlog to show you guys
what the hell is happening in England
right now it's pretty crazy and I'm
pretty much trapped in my house so
you'll find out why I'm trapped in my
house tomorrow so thank you very much
for watching make sure you leave a like
rain subscribe ding dong in application
Bell and I will see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for the next a vlog until then I
hope you have a very merry white
Christmas much love and a soft deep
