I sent my alarm for 11:30 a.m. to wake
me up I had enough sleep I was feeling
good now I look like about enough sleep
for the entire village double XP on
zombies is activated now so I'm just
gonna try and rank up as much as
possible and gets the max prestige
there's no way I can do it in a weekend
boy if I just know life the out of
it we can stand a pretty good chance
against between 3rd and 4th prestige so
if you're not a twitch follower on my
livestream website thing then make sure
you are twitch composter syndicate let's
start today today we are going to wrap
the alumina god damnit the Illuminati
shirt Oh swag swag swag swag swag swag
swag swag I totally need to get a
haircut bought I'm not getting a haircut
I'm indeed doing something a little bit
more special yeah get my hair dyed again
can you leave a comment down below
guessing what color it is hmmm kitchen
looking swaggy you know what we can do
now you know what we can do we can open
this up away from one we can grab a bowl
we can move wears not we can grab a
spoon we got no so I'm not used to where
everything is will you grab some crave
cereal for round and then we can grab
some Camilla and look at that ladies and
gentlemen oh it I have everything I
need
yes I have been drinking way too much
cocoa and dr. pepper recently so all day
today we're drinking nothing but water
I'm milk no soda no okay Swedish people
I really wanna go to Ikea and they all
closed eight nine and nine so they're
pretty okay they're pretty much we want
to go to is Burbank but if I travel to
Burbank from here now I'm not even
kidding it will take me a solid two
hours and that's not me making up a
number that's just how busy the traffic
would be on a Thursday night heading
over to Burbank so I think I'm gonna
wait until about six seven o'clock then
trouble over there to go and check out
likey late at night why not
no it's happened it's finally happened
it's now illegal for you to ride a
goddamn hover deck I wouldn't call it is
a harbor deck a hover board in New York
no Justin Bieber whatever will you do
look be advised that electrical board is
illegal in
New York City as burn right the at
Reid
it's only a matter of time just a matter
of time before they ban them in LA let's
say I'm getting on I'm going for it I'm
going in the streets I'm going taking on
the world I don't care I don't care it's
legal this is this is almost gonna be a
leader in LA a port port Casey he can't
now - hisses in New York I know it uses
his a boosted board but I wonder if
they'll ever bun a boosted board there's
not that many of them around so maybe
not bought imagine if they ban the
boosted board no 7:15 and it says it's
gonna take me an hour and four minutes
to get IKEA in Burbank now it closes at
nine o'clock so I'm just gonna do it now
because today's Thursday
tomorrow's Friday dates with Tom but
basically it just means it's gonna be
stupidly even more busier tomorrow
trying to get to Ikea so what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna travel out there try and
find the furniture that I want and see
if I can get it delivered and delivered
to get built here so if we can do that
then great so I bought amoeba would
travel impacts it by the way just film
this bit already before and said I
wasn't going but then I was like
I need to go and get this stuff done so
every day we're taking something off
like the first day was like get my
office side the second day was like get
my French side third day was like autumn
a couch like it's going well we're doing
good get this is gonna sound so
random but because of how this is
made out of materials whatever I'm not
sure it's real seriously like but I I
don't know how you how do you
even how do you work this thing like I'm
so good like it just shoots I don't know
how you do this is this real
I actually think this might be a
demonstration one and not actually real
what like when I got the apartment it
said it comes with washing machine
fridge cooker dryer you know all that
and it does but I can't tell whether
that's real if it it's really
fun Z and shitty anyway so I'm publicly
replaced all I have to do is tell the
landlady like hey I'm gonna replace with
someone else they put that one into
storage and I just put my own in so
that's a very random series of events
nope
exercise bitches well I've made it right
here it closes in 25 minutes so that's
great but the bad thing is I've
completely forgot to measure the space
in which this unit is supposed to go in
so I massively massively up
I suppose one thing I could get whilst
I'm here like one object I could
literally walk away with today is a know
you put your knives and forks it in a
draw and it separates it one of them so
we've made it to the unit's time to find
the one I want all right that's the bad
buy I'm looking for like a lower unit
with something above it now hopefully I
think about my fit again might might not
cut it I'm just gonna have to risk it
that is exactly what I want not set up
like that I'm just gonna have to risk
like for one risk it not fade oh yeah
and it closes in 20 minutes so go try to
speak to that woman there I'll get it
Bob I think I'm gonna get some floating
shelves as well like this just to put up
both of my like my office just to kind
of store some stuff maybe a good idea we
got two of them don't ordered it better
go pay for it downstairs it's gonna get
delivered this Saturday built this
Saturday and it's done out the way now
we need a drawer divider which that is a
draw divider but I want one invite this
is one neat did it that might be too big
well this is the one I want I'm pretty
sure this is now too small or will risk
it for a biscuit
oh my god it's empty well it is closed
it's 9 o'clock it's closed now so I'm
gonna risk it for a biscuit buying this
and then hopefully the delivery is gonna
go Saturday and I've got furniture I'm
trying to check out and go and pay for
all this stuff but it's making me walk
through all of this I guarantee I buy
something told you ended up buying a
dumb bat map checked out done please a
toilet go home are you purely fools
having to carry her to drive it home
yourself ha ha ha yeah I have to wait
till side until I get mine can you
see it can you see it
thanks like here thanks for you doing
appreciate it can you see where I'm
going
do you see where I'm going in an out but
again I actually really like this spot
in LA Burbank I think it's quite a nice
area cuz it's kind of far out of LA
downtown but it's also very very busy
look at it's just like nice little cafes
and stuff um would you look at them too
I am almost a thousand percent confident
that this is a terrible idea because
this in and out is right near a highway
it's stupid lipid oh my god that is not
the highway traffic that is the keep in
the night drive through it's
probably gonna take me longer to get
this in and out than it did for me to go
inside IKEA by exact find and buy
exactly what I wanted and get out
Godspeed Tom Godspeed
we be here we be out there in the
streets in the streets a what wow wow
wow oh this is how days pan out right
now you wake up you go for in and out
and not only I'm on a date now the conus
yeah you guys might seem from like a lot
of car but warfare just awesome videos
you know rocky Jim right now yeah so
you'll see him is it it's gonna be a
little TV show coming up soon as well
but randomly just war I walked in he
walked straight past me I was like I'm
sure I know that guy
longer hall didn't know the guy went and
joined him and now I'm stealing one of
his burgers because that's what people
do in this world okay that was so good
seeing Flynn we're gonna I'm gonna go to
an acting class with them it should be
 awesome ok wait so you got a
vibe be Irish Australian New Zealand are
South African and I tell y'all English
and you don't think English people say
me well sir I hate to burst your bubble
but 110% British right here from
Manchester yeah
I'm hope everything's okay oh damn okay
baby no yeah that was a bad crush geesh
yeah I probably could've got the big one
at this moment Tom realized he had way
too many fake plastic forks soon as I've
got all the real ones over there but
that's but not least let's put it where
it needs to go let's do this let's do
this let's do this let's do this okay
let's taking forever let's do this keep
her going keep her going
get the hand out here tower yeah it's
okay it's so fluffy and beautiful no
nothing yet that's that's enough month I
go oh I need to do another one too here
god damn it i legit ly have the best
apartment in this entire building
because the following reasons right now
is this wall is like the exterior wall
and there's no one there that's like
emptiness hallway and then an elevator
so there's like no one even living on
the other side of it so never disturb
anyone there there's no one on the other
side of that doorway so don't disturb
anyone there
there's only people below me there's no
one above me and in this one as well
there's no one on the other side of that
wall so I literally have no connections
here to anyone so I can be as loud as I
want and never disturb anyone and just
to make it even secure for people what
I'm doing is in some office I'm going
ahead and soundproofing all this all of
this wall like soundproof the hell out
of it just because I don't be better for
my audio quality potentially this wall
but kind of like having one of the walls
white just for you know space reasons
but then also I'm thinking of putting a
soundproof carpet flooring like up until
like maybe here maybe think I'll just
diagonally like going across and
basically having an old soundproof
carpet just so then down below don't
hear me late at night they shouldn't do
because I'm pretty convinced that below
me is I think the people have got a kid
now I'm saying that not because I know
they have a kid but I never hear
anything down below me about my just
because the floors are extremely thick
I'll well sound proved anyway bought my
like apartment building woman she said
like oh yeah you know it's a couple with
a kid so because I can't hear anything
down below me here I'm assuming that's
where the kid sleeps and like it's a
baby and it never disturbs me never hear
it crying it never
anything great stuff and that means I
like it can't really hear me like Yap
shot me in love but I don't think I
really just have a baby boy yeah that no
complaints so far so everything is good
to go
and I can't wait to get all sound proof
because then it's gonna be like my
domain no one can with me it's my
space and hell yes you know it's
casually watch your vlog and making sure
my blog from yesterday went alright and
all the sudden I see in the recommended
videos who is Cindy Lou
well Tom Scott made a video called black
people versus white people it's 40
seconds long
I am definitely watching this I love Tom
Scott I really wish him all the best one
thing I would love to ever do is just
make sure he motivates himself to
continue losing weight he lost loads
away and this is really running for me
to bring up in a vlog but Tom like so
much from depression quite a lot and I
know what people in the world do and
it's a very difficult thing to get like
even talk to people about that because
it's like you can't advise or the only
thing cuz if they feel like they're
gonna do something to do something and
like Tom Scott was losing so much weight
and then you put on a lot a lot of light
and they lost a lot away and put putting
weight back on again and everyone keeps
talking about in his youtube comments
now I'm talking about it so it's really
not helping the situation but if tom
scours ever see this I'd just like
you're a good dude with great intentions
in the world that has nothing to do with
this subject but like I really like dude
I love his content I just really want
the best room like cuz like I'm a fan of
his stuff so I want to see him succeed
and be happy with where he's at in life
and to keep on keep on doing the
training and keep on losing the weight
and just feeling good about himself
because if they can do that then great
really right I'm thinking me to bring up
Tom's go you legend keep doing
what you're doing get to the gym pump
the iron and yeah I couldn't help it I
was really thirsty and cokes just really
refreshing so for the record guys I'm
streaming right now at like oh the times
gone like 10:30 at night so if you live
anywhere in the world make sure you go
to twitch TV for stress indica create an
account and follow me this is twitch
here right follow me I've got 2.2
million followers make sure you have
following me on Twitch okay twitch photo
syndicate if you do that okay do that
then you'll get an email notification
whenever I stream because right now I'm
streaming zombies and if you're not
following me you're missing it you see
this see this this is me live streaming
this is me live streaming right now okay
these are all the people in the chat
but I said if you share out the street I
appreciate look at all these people that
I appreciate look at them all look at
these people these fabulous people right
see these CDs these are all clicking the
share button on my stream so I'm just
gonna set us right now thank you to all
your faces to share in the stream I
appreciate you you smart Yury loyal I'd
appreciate you oh it's not I'm so good
let me see let me see let me see we
probably don't know meet me longer than
a minute look
is it hot right now all my days yeah
that's ready oh my goodness me would you
just look at this clean room Wow
beautiful okay before everyone starts
asking what this is my videos this is
now my official change or money pot like
there's good about a British money in
there but this is for any kinds that
have I just throw it in it usually put
it in like a big bowl which is more
space sufficient but this is pretty cool
you know got some jerseys in what we got
what we got I actually have no idea what
this is I got some kin it I got some
Canadians what Canadians money I got
some I think what's this is this
Australian this Australian what is this
Vint a the hell is this Ripa oh this is
Brazilian money I've got some Brazilian
money and I've got some of this
British money wonder that dang stuff -
ah yes the Sun is rising it's 5:40 in
the morning and I am going to bed I hope
you guys have enjoyed today's vlog if
you have leave a like great list know
you enjoy the video so if you're logged
into YouTube channel smash it with your
forehead right now get that mouse button
and go think you'll be you'll be good a
public welcome my neighbor showing that
loud but anyway yeah thanks very much
for watching new video 6 p.m. every
single day UK time and I will see you
guys then I'm making a hot chocolate and
passing the hell out in heaven
ok
No
