Oh Mon it's 4 o'clock in the afternoon I
need to get outta bed I've got a meeting
in an hour I set my alarm it woke me up
I went back to sleep
fuck it's 4 p.m. balls that was worth
waking up at this time far yeah that's
beautiful thanks man appreciate it I
know we're stuck in traffic it's
supposed to be at this meeting
approximately 4 o'clock it's now 6 oops
well to make me feel even worse the
meeting we were having the people flew
all the way from Spain and New Zealand
for the meeting and lo and behold the
meetings over I missed it all great this
place we're ever going for dinner looks
amazing well then alcohol
good thing crew like what connect is
this really do I really want to buy a
moustache right Luke can I buy a much
that's right yeah of course so this just
does not settle right well I had a huge
lack of faith from Luke and he's big
judge but these tacos fuck insane so
educated it's Taco Time
I'm not too sure
I told you to steal all of the meat what
the hell is going on down here is this
for parties I am so confused
here though that's where they host the
big SAP shows okay this is this is the
toilets this is creepy took his house
I've made its way downtown look at it
what are they doing I ain't good
this is a gigantic one down there as
well I want the shoe look at the size of
that thing
what did you just put in this vehicle
the rat has returned little rat with
four legs and small is where are you
show your shelf you little shit show
yourself presently self present I look
at that American skyline of Los Angeles
where you can't really see is by that
building they've got the Paris colors
it's a beautiful skyline and they're
paying their respects to the people who
are a Paris
just makes me so damn happy to get home
to myself I just miss it every time I
leave but ladies and gentleman if you go
to Twitter right now I'm giving away
this mouse if you wondering why it's
just like the Troy I already had one
there's mine there it is there's it in
real life there's the one you could win
basically raising a me an extra one and
it's been laying around my apartment for
ages and I'm lying why don't I just ship
out to one you guys so I'm just doing a
giveaway on Twitter go to my Twitter you
can see it's the pin tweet I'll put a
link down description so if you want to
win it the swag could be yours yeah nice
all I need to do is restart my pc and my
speakers that I got these bad boys is
ghost ones now this works ready it's all
you have to do tap it to mute it dude
this is so good so now I can have all my
music maps and just crank it with this
here so forget a call mu it mu it turned
out this is fucking solid wait great see
me yeah something is not right why is my
playstation coming out as green when it
shouldn't be blue what am I doing wrong
oh you guys better be excited I just had
an amazing derice run or the giant
theories it's called the theories but
look at that csgo gambling with my skins
again I don't know I'm doing this it's
all kicking off in Paris again
apparently they've managed to track and
locate the guy who's behind the Paris
bombings so I've been editing gambling
and tracking this shit hopefully this
gets wrapped up and no one gets hurt so
yeah stay tuned domain channel guys this
bad boy should be if you're watching us
now this should be out but basically
this is really good gameplay honestly
really really good zombie footage so I
like messing with my cell but I cannot
stop showing it off because I fucking
love it oh it's all about them little
touches my neighbor Juggernog fridge
minecraft so a little pop figures by the
way I think this this one is my second
favorite and this one barley Wow is my
favorite this is pretty I'm gonna make a
collection that bigger that it goes like
up the wall I think I might get like a
unit like like actually fits this entire
space from like IKEA just filled with
them
and then I move that to that oh I
totally forgot I had an extra one yeah
that is brilliant I am trying my sweet
its bestest nurse that makes sense as
English to empty these boxes and get rid
of all of them so I can get a new couch
and then this couch here I might even go
and put my office but I'm never gonna
say it so I might get rid of it and by
the way if you don't have a wristband
thing of any sorts I highly recommend
this I have talked about it non-stop the
reason Abu is so goddamn good if you're
gaming and you got your headset on so
you know like you're just in the zone if
you like you know your parents ring your
someone rings you like you need to do
something or your LAN goes off this
frame vibrate so when you're gaming like
rather than you not be an art area and
you berate to whatever you need to go to
or you miss an important phone call I
have been so much more organized with
this having this let me know that my
phone's ringing off some what's going on
and I know it totally sounds like I've
been paid to say this but I am genuinely
not I'm always with you guys if
something sponsored I'll say this is
sponsored video but this is not
sponsored video this is in fact just a
really cool piece of tech if you want a
Christmas gift I would highly recommend
this it obviously tracks all like you
steps you're asleep which is really good
like if I wake up and it says I've had
less than eight hours sleep I just go to
backwards bet on my clock this and I
feel fresh is anything but honestly like
treacherous steps calories you know all
that when you're active in doing running
and shit like that it tracks all of that
but for me the most important thing is
if someone's ring give me it vibrates
that's that's what I'm using this bar
I'm using a gaming fitness band for that
guess it's doing its job no way I have
more this is what I had no idea I had
more oh well let's go and put Daryl
Dixon that looks nothing like that all
the actual account deals let's go and
put Daryl Dixon onto the pile of these
these are pop figures by the way they
covered a lot of the loot crate's
so I'm just like continuing my
collection now let's do I need a kettle
I need a kettle so I can be Brooklyn in
the drama film and so I can be British
and drink PG tipps
I could potentially just put water in
the microwave boy that's not British
enough I need to be 110 percent British
but I'm doing a good job right now of
rifling through stuff this is your
sister it's the people that makes it
look like there's more stuff and what's
weird
those I have these kind of things look
like I have tinsel that I bought from
three years ago
a brand new dye night sure they're
wishing me to go my god like I have
tinsel got my box if you like clothes in
book I'm transfer all this bedroom like
I'm Tressa up my own sweet it's my
walk-in wardrobe lights looking better I
feel like my hoodies over there share
some stuff already and then I'm at a
line of syndicate t-shirts and then just
yeah come be ours organizing now that
looks pretty goddamn cool so excuse the
guy talking but I put my orig original
my oh geez
look like Jersey on about oh gee I'm
tri-state optic gaming I put my up to
gaming ginger the back of my chair said
it just loves him the South think I'm
gonna get framed and put up on a wall
I'm gonna but it start kicking off our
person who basically behind and
mastermind attacks in Paris is basically
hidden inside a building with floor of
the dude sort of my sophomore he's
holding off in there and they're ready
to go and raid him so I'm just like what
the fuck is about to go down
damn it you see this is what you call
him two percent efficiency alright I
have a small box that I'm third a small
box which I'll put it's a small box so I
can take it all downstairs and throw it
away
recycle recycle now we're totally grew
on this thing bought I don't know if it
has any battery kind of like lost the
charger for it oh my god oh my god no
way it works this is the first time I've
been on this in like months it probably
sounds like aids downstairs for the
neighbors which so I'm not gonna do that
and it's 11 o'clock at night so just
gonna go ahead and step off that an
office the entire building off see this
is proof I recycle the stuff that needs
recycling like plastic recycle stuff
that he's throwing away like fucking
tinsel decoration actually should I
decorate the room no I'm not gonna
decorate the room so don't it keeps help
me pardon but I'm getting rid of all
this beautiful tinsel and then we
recycle the box I should actually I'll
collapse them the way literally this
goes up like fuckin 10 stories and when
someone throws something down it in your
in hit some white help
it hits this bike corner it goes and
falls into it but yesterday this was
full of glassware so I'm gonna drop
something down it it fell it bounced off
went outside was glass bottles
everywhere naughty
see this that's what I want for my I
have to use a key so I have to like stop
find out which key is because it's like
three that look the same you know wait
for the building find it I'll mark it go
in walk it from the inside and when I go
out I have to go out lock it again if I
just had were these fobs they're just
one of these on the door I could go
again
couldn't someone tell me how I do it cuz
then I'll install what myself I am a
certified electrician absolutely I'm
kind of I have such a variation of
trainers can you tell DC's DC's DC DC DC
DC these nuts I will cook that late
today that I didn't even see the Sun the
Sun was setting when I got out of bed
suppose you guys know I have a Facebook
page obviously polite just posting
whatever I want on there and I posted
like about Star Wars
it's all cool if you wanna go check out
how you can pour I was like looking at
the comments down below I scroll down
and aces put this fucking Facebook page
like what the heck is going on this is
what I do when I sleep I lit my PC on
renders look at that it's gonna take 55
minutes to get that done it's already
been going for 15 gosh damn love you so
good night on it to get back to self
it's a whopping 537 m and I am going
to bed and yeah I'm going to bed so if
you enjoyed today's log of me doing fuck
all I said it quite a bit a lot of
organizing and stuff if you enjoyed it
then leave a like right if you didn't
then I don't know okay
subscribe because I upload daily videos
every single day on the daily things
unless I miss a day then it's not
exactly daily at 6 p.m. UK time and most
the time too late so I'll see you guys
tomorrow for a late blog goodbye well
it's 5 o'clock in the morning and that
is indeed that light over there is the
Sun rising over the mountains fucking
great
