you see now I might look awake and be
like God Tom you're up on time it's
daylight I can see outside yeah it's one
o'clock supposed to be my meeting at
half past twelve and yeah I heard about
sure a half-hour sleep
this is gonna be a long day two hours
sleep and we out here in Venice no
checking up Mustang this is where we're
going Larry's to go meet a good friend
called Hank
yeah well steel myself dude I totally
stole it off yet you stole my boy fucked
and this is where all the people who do
the marihuana's with drugs
Joey knees live isn't that right Hank
that's correct so right look at them all
they're drug in right now that guy's
drugging so hard
drugging his tits up what are you
looking at okay so why did they put a
mural of you on the wall sure what's
going on hit yard sale Yahya John said
oh my goodness me this looks incredible
interesting very interesting either lady
gonna grab that ass go go go alright
yeah that's it oh shit she's picking up
speed
I do not feel safe
holy shit yeah this is what this is what
he called a fucking longboard this is
awesome yeah this is great this is so
fucking yeah read through all the
scripts Nike how many pages 96 98 98
pages of it nailed it it's gotta be
different so I really trust you to cook
those yeah are you much burned what is
this okay okay you know what this is
Hank this is why you Americans are fat
Oh serious bullshit shenanigans it is
completely soaking wet
raining in LA right now and I'm dripped
wet through not okay with this not happy
thank god this is my last day in America
because I could not stand this anymore
this is the most I've actually ever seen
it rain in LA without a Dallas proper
going for it now with it
a little they I've seen worse oh really
yeah we had in 2003 or 2002 oh really
was between December and February oh
yeah yeah yeah he ran like 15 or 16 days
in a row shouldve pouring down rain Wow
and la is not equipped it's not coming
back again I'll need El Nino yeah they
talked about it but I think it's not
gonna happen
ah really yeah well hopefully I avoid it
all you do it yeah well the place looks
clean place looks very clean smells very
fresh what were you doing up yet oh nice
thank you good sir appreciate it this is
probably go terribly wrong I really try
and mix this with this and dye my head
so it goes from this to kind of white
bar totally not gonna work
but to take the conditioner and put on
massive amount of it in my hand like so
oh she's my right as apologies and then
I take the dye and just mix it with it
just go and mix it all and it like that
yeah
that's it like third of a talk there's a
third of a talk and then it's a bit more
conditioner on it and then a partner
just mix it together and an equally
distribute it around my hair oh so this
feels weird
oh this is how this is a mine
so this is illegal everywhere oh I think
I should have mixed it in a pot maybe I
think I should have mixed it up ah
traveling behind okay well it seems to
be a bully HTTP POST on we go for it so
I'm going to put a bit there and there
around here this I'm going to come out
looking like a fucking snap and signing
right now oh I got so Robin in here up
there and I'm just gonna start to girl
to just just go for it just gonna
fucking go for it I think I need a brush
to aerate it around a brush though
and then the science reasons I'm just
gonna grab more of the dye this is the
permanent dye my way and I'm just gonna
puree just put this in my hand on its
own so don't rub it together this is
probably really bad idea
like this maybe they're like I'm just
gonna find ways to mix it in to my hair
so this is probably going to go very
wrong I know I have part of my head like
a professional this is not my new style
it's called funky I'm totally done this
halt
I really think I should have read the
instructions because I have no idea what
I am doing and I am just attempting to
go for it I'm in the bath about to
shower it off and fingers crossed it
looks a little bit darker than what it
once was I could feel it's gonna come
out like blue be green ah well it's just
down to me merry and good alright cuz
Ricky's gone oh wait you still here oh
this is like what time is it it is
currently it's 538 in the morning we're
still awake right what time to fly so
you literally even like two hours yes I
mean you've got a good time have an
amazing time incredible time as well
I would not only have to make the time
that I've learnt so much I'm gonna put
you on the spot now this is this is like
before we say goodbye to you later on
you've gotta give us five words five
seconds of inspiration to the world go
Ricky five okay you can do anything you
want in life
just do it take chances set all the
risks even if it means borrowing money
off everyone around the world or Stan or
counties are generally a mistake
subscribe
it was time for nothing up time to go
for nap seven it's now midnight it's now
midnight that's my slit scheduled fucked
and I'm flying home to the UK tomorrow
actually giving this to my sleep
schedule he's probably really good so
when I get to the UK it's just all over
the place and then I can just fine-tune
it from there it's half past 6:00 in the
morning and Ricky's going to the airport
in about an hour or something like that
which means I have enough time to sneak
a quick game of csgo in yes are you
still awake I know I was gonna say like
if I came in here and you were asleep I
was gonna wake you up I'm adjusting what
time you gonna sell what's up tell us
apply again you got four hours probably
good for another half an hour
thank you for having amazing three weeks
awesomeness helicoptering
and more than anything alcohol passing
alcohol learning all about everything
business YouTube sensation
honestly legend don't forget these
channels give you down below going Sean
some more bunnies into action you going
you might be went to Spain I'm gonna be
definitely going to Germany comment like
and then northern island then family
with Christmas and then I don't know me
know it for New Year lots of alcohol
well that is the sad farewell ladies and
gentlemen Ricky Crompton the legend has
left me he is gone he's off to Los
Angeles Airport to take another step on
his adventure another fly on his
adventure it's 8:20 9:00 in the morning
and I did just leave this video saying
I'm going to bed but same as all my hair
is dyed and it worked
I completely realized that would edit
the vlog together that I didn't say what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go for a
second round of dyeing it so got do all
this all over again and hopefully just
make it a little bit more darker and try
and get it get it in my roots
several expendable guys make sure leave
a like rating let's see if we can hit
44,000 307 there's a there's a random
number all you do is click that like
button subscribe and I'll see you guys
tomorrow 6 p.m. from a new vlog which
will be delayed it will be delayed
because I'm flying to London in four
hours so yes if I can get the fuck
youfuck at that
