Ricky it's 7 o'clock in the afternoon
and I'm just getting outta bed what are
you doing have you done anything today
that's nothing I've been in bed doing
nothing all day
well since though it 757 I'm having the
biggest bowl of cereal possible because
it's going to consist of my breakfast my
dinner and my tea and now we're gonna
sit down and watch the UFC who's your
money on McGregor really ok my money is
also on McGregor and about to put a
tweet out calling on my my little
gambling friends out seeing if anyone
has to take me up for a two thousand
dollar bet did it last time for what she
called Ronda yeah luckily no one took me
up on the BET otherwise a little lost
oh yeah it's time for UFC 194 main event
Kearney McGregor is about to kill the
other guy oh shit
those are five second fight if that what
the fuck
well I can't honestly father what just
happened then I can't account encounter
can I just put out a tweet saying I I
hope the fight lasts a bit longer than
just a quick that's it and it literally
ended up at being a quick pump you set
the record for 13 seconds fastest
knockout in UFC history what the fuck
took the record away from which is
called Ronda Rousey so that's crazy but
the thing is Dana White must be like oh
my god money money money
even when when he won the fight he
jumped out and just when you know as if
he was throwing out dollar signs like
when you're that good and you cannot so
now that good you can talk all the shit
you want and it just takes that one
person's come along and knock you down
but until then ride the hide and my god
Conor McGregor is insane I wish I
honestly wish I would have been there to
see it happen even though it was only a
13 second fight I would wish
gonna be that I was trying to get VIP
tickets to go and see it nonetheless
epic fight and I'm glad I got better
this is gonna be you are admired for
your adventurous ways yet there was a
prospect of a thrilling time ahead for
you man
I lost my rank in csgo so I'm trying to
play as much as possible and you can see
me right here 21 and 16 eight MVPs oh
shit this guy's got rekt all I need to
do is win one game to get a rank and a
play like four games I wrote and still
not win a game it's making me cry so hot
well final standings a MVP MVP score
Stars and I dropped a 30 bomb and
unfortunately a good friend here like
the team down but no there's there's me
stoner rank I cry every time I really
wouldn't mind that much but it's like 45
minutes per game so each game that
employee I'm just like please go rank up
and the answer every time keeps replying
as a big fat no it finally happened
gotta win there gotta mg water I think
it was mg - got the rank so I've got
reracked his energy one which is good
I'm happy with that
I just gotta begin the ground get to a
hundred wins
well it's double xp weekend on zombies
so I decided to give a bit of a run on
the giant no quick revive decided to buy
on I went down around 45 messed up like
a noob but luckily got myself to the
point where I can prestige now to
proceed for in zombies so yeh you ready
we're gonna go for to liquid Davidians
let's let it roll give me a / coholic
right now right here right now what that
was completely shit nothing but shite
right there shite
I clicked random channels on Twitch and
came across this I'm gonna just it says
chill Thomas stories 100k why do I keep
doing this to myself 6:18 a.m. I'm
supposed to be going having a meeting
with a good friend who I was supposed to
meet today completely missed him so woke
up at 7 p.m. so I'm supposed to see him
today so
ever decide on staying up soon as all of
them were gonna wait for 12 hours I'd
said and staying Europe or just going in
bed watching Netflix and chilling but I
also wanted to kind of talk about how
much I appreciate your guys feedback in
my comments and stuff like this the vlog
well into Russia and like it pops up on
YouTube when you get like a bunch of
yous and all the like a random period of
time and it pops up saying this is game
like more views recently so I went to
the comments and I'm seeing like a bunch
of comments to see people sailing is
like the best vlogs you've never seen in
a long time from anyone you don't like
people really enjoy these vlogs and
stuff and obviously I just wanted to say
to you guys thank you very much for this
because I love your vlogs if you've
watched my favorite blogs my favorite
blog like honestly really appreciate you
guys feedback like I'm not asking for
praise but like to say this was a video
that's now receiving like thousands of
comments like this month out of the blue
like this this came out like two months
ago and you know now it's December so
the fact that people are like re
watching my old stuff and enjoying it is
great
what are you still awake I don't
understand we've completely ruined our
sleep schedule bro the Sun is rising for
goodness sake well it is 6:30 in the
morning me Ricky still haven't been to
sleep and Barone's pennyboard and I'm
going to the shop I'll catch a minute my
friend can get a nice quick video little
clip it for you guys of the Sun rising
oh wow that's beautiful
holy shit would you just oh my goodness
me what you just look at it guys
absolutely beautiful
I could put a camera there just
time-lapse the entire thing bought I
need to go and get some conditioner from
the shop to read I my hair right now
they can't wait till the morning because
it is the morning right now what are
this I have mail from activation Oh
season's greetings it's a Christmas card
Oh donations the College endowment has
been made on your behalf
that's brilliant
the instant regret I haven't bring this
paddy board is over 9,000 pretty boards
as much as you see fucking vlogs and all
these people on them I think are the
most pointless fucking things ever
fucking push every 5 seconds and it's
you can't turn it's so pointless I need
myself a boosted board traveling to the
shops at 25 miles per hour
yes please everyone keeps asking me
where my flow deck is and I'm just like
I just don't use it one I lost the
charger and two I'm just like no this
can't be bothered I'd rather ride a
pedal Bible right over them so yeah I
need to get my shit together and go get
one eventually so far really not
enjoying this penny board space of shit
okay I found one reason why the penny
board is good but slowly rolling down
hills that you don't have to turn
towards oh yeah this is this is worth
every penny theater did their go fuck
yourselves I'm genuinely here again
looking for conditioner so I can do my
hair dye this is what my fourth time
attempting to do this and it's not
working well there you go if you don't
know what the fuck you're doing that's
the vice don't know what you're doing
ask for help and you point out the one
to get so I got that the tissue rules oh
now I can see why people like penny damn
penny boards it just cruises down this
year I only came here for conditioner
and conditioner only better find the
sweet Isle and I'm like okay I resisted
buying sweets but I bought a stocking
because I want my fucking apartment to
be more festive look at America right
now does it look like Christmas
does it fuck however subway
you better be open for me right now
because I am absolutely starving I
should just like pick one of everything
should I just pick all of it put
everything all on one I didn't do this
on purpose but I didn't realize how
convenient a stocking would be for going
to Subway he just fit right in perfect
they see me rollin they hatin patrolling
just be riding with subway it must say
anta hat if my Santa hat
please don't get run over because that
would suck I just looked like the oddest
Christmas shopper
it's six o'clock in the morning
with this and tissue paper on a
skateboard but I'm okay with it you
couldn't have this lifestyle knew you
couldn't fucking handle it he's passed
out
please didn't catch it in during this
time I got the shit I'm walking around
here in my boxers by the way but I got
the shit to do my hair so tomorrow you
and me gonna do this and tomorrow you me
are gonna film the condom challenge I
forgot today later on today I was gonna
do this now but I'm just gonna ride
rather just get like six hours sleep in
me I'll attempt to try and get six hours
sleeping in tomorrow I'll dye my hair
and do a condom challenge Jesus Christ
that's a lot but that's what we will try
to do tomorrow so I'm gonna wrap up
today's vlog guys one of those days
where we just do nothing and sit around
the house especially this guy but it
just happens when you're a youtuber you
just fucking find days where you're
stuck inside grind in making videos edit
in or even if you're not doing that
you're watching the car McGregor fight
which was fucking shot as shit but it
was that big it was so epic but
nonetheless guys I'm going to bed so
make sure you leave that like great
subscribe and I'll see you tomorrow
where we're gonna be going out to go and
check out a really really secret project
that I might be able to tell you any any
wints about but I'm not too sure it's
something to do with a movie so leave a
like rating subscribe and I'll see you
all tomorrow bye like so you know I
ended this vlog and it was 7 a.m. yeah
room it's now 11 a.m. and I'm still in
bed watching Netflix why do I do this to
myself I literally do not understand at
all I think there should be a category
of humans called night owls and I am one
of them if you're a night owl leave a
comment down below saying
