new dawn it's a new day it's a new
unicorn for me and my basketball thing
fell fuck pretty sure you are drunk and
you need to go home immediately
just hi
for the record Alice I'm rounding at my
mom's house and she says oh you need to
sell a poster for Brendan I'm Brandon so
I write a soundless fine she says BR a
and D and a n all right spell each what
yo it's an e you physically said hey and
then she says we can tell it to leave
and this is her fucking job of saving it
which is kind of working but you are
failure George Brandon Brandon I am so
sorry for this it's just on this let me
show this I can't show in the hog
thank you very much to Sumitra Harrison
eek original we're great with names
include Pillowman
see this is the goodbye you always do
have I see it wasn't going to America
tomorrow
Kathy you're at my mom she gets all
upset
love you guys love you guys
family for life none stop pestering
asking me for a fucking Prada humbug I'm
not like really cool that was me sure if
I want to go back to America
fuck yeah I want to go back freeze me
god damn dick without a boatful he would
get in that just started out with my
mobile banking what that's gonna allow
me to do now is only carry two phones
when I travel right now I'm carrying god
damn for for some reason all right for
god damn phone so now I needed my UK and
American like the two successes I was
carrying the successes and the sixes
because my uke my other ones had my bank
in it
nation on it so now I'm trying to narrow
it down just a two phone so I no longer
look like an international drug when
going through the airport security thank
goodness it was ever a mistake to make
it would be going to the village chip
shop the fish-and-chip shop literally
called the village chippy was blue neon
lies going there on a Friday night
god damn cute going out the fucking shop
oh my god what am i doing this is so
stupid she just drive somewhere else but
I really want fishing shit that's
America so let's go I couldn't do it
guys I said screw that I was like
waiting outside for like 20 minutes my
hands were freezing cold I'm writing go
time jogging bottoms I was not prepared
for temperatures of waiting outside for
so long so I just was like curing out
the door it was that long several just
wants fish and chips on a Friday now I
was like dawn not doing this rank up
with different chippy Chinese chippy and
I'm back where I usually get my chicken
and I voted aside of that so fish chips
and gravy and salt of chicken pieces
very nice head home live stream zombies
zombies okay I'm still ready for this
I'm sorry if this I'm never up to a fish
and chips from this place before so I
don't on is gonna be like bought we're
gonna hope for the best
oh my god that grain bin looks sexy oh
yes oh yes magnify the gravy
oh that's before that's please well
that's pretty bagging outdoors put a bag
on now for the ultimate test the chip
gravy test
well it's helped us 4:00 in the morning
I finished streaming like quite early
just simply because then as plain
zombies really in a good mood and then
all the Paris attacks happened today so
just kind of like threw me off I wasn't
concentrating playing there was no
reason for me to stop because obviously
there's nothing I could do about the
attack that's happened but it just
really put me in a like a really bad
mood about thinking about the world and
then I spent like three hours on the
internet researching Isis and terrorist
shit and all that I'm just like why
can't people just have opinions and not
have to fucking thrown upon others like
why can't you just live your life and
what other people live their life I
don't understand that concept of
everyone
has to conform to your way of thinking
sort of thing but some things just can't
be changed in the world and hopefully
they'll come a point in time where that
is just no longer a thing and hopefully
that doesn't come along with the nuclear
fucking explosions and everyone dying so
yeah pretty dark shit today but
hopefully the world will come to resolve
one day with that said there's has been
like millions of people killed
throughout the years our existence so I
don't think it's gonna end anytime soon
unfortunately so just do your best to
avoid it don't get involved and enjoy
your life while sure on this earth
without causing other people anyhow I
basically just found out that I'm not
flying in six hours I am in fact flying
Sunday so it's Saturday today so I have
a whole day so it's fun come on and I'm
like I don't need to go to bed and I
want to be able to gamble on csgo what
so instead of going buying skins to
gamble with I've decided I'm back doing
case openings and if I get a knife
whilst I'm not recording
I will fucking cry but I will for the
vlog record myself opening warm you
ready it just gets me a knife I'm gonna
throw my phone I'm a huge ass TV okay I
should like I should put the pips on
there and do case opening oh that's
actually really good
we got the highest rated I didn't feel
tested fuck yeah leave it leave a like
great and if I should give this away on
Twitter do it do it right now so out of
20 keys this is my last case you ready
20 keys left case please being this
please be in there no it's not an if and
I'm gonna show you guys what I got just
because of how how terrible my look
cause it started well it started really
well with this one and then it just went
downhill from there I got a few Purple's
go a few purple one two three four go
for them but other than that it just it
just went downhill from there so that's
all we got
I'm gonna be I'm gonna be playing with
the big iron and the deer the wing shots
I got to dam and the rest of them they
can go fuck themselves with the trader
only didn't forget
good night you guys faces it is now 6:30
the next day so I've completely missed
my day of vlogging today but I'm gonna
wrap this vlog thank you very much
watching I'm gonna be going to LA
tomorrow so with the vlog tomorrow is
probably messed up and yes this one's
already late so if you like late vlogs
then leave a comment saying broccoli is
infectious goodbye
