you're looking at a pretty hungover tom
which is pretty excited cuz I just
realized there's an app called post
mates where you can order your share and
get it delivered to your door so I don't
have to keep going out getting this sort
of stuff I just ordered off my phone so
I'm pretty much never leave my apartment
ever again last three me and Ricky and
finally out of bed I just tried to get
as much rest as possible to go without
drinking last night but we're in the car
going to Luke rain it's time to cause he
need shot and diesel not seeing in a
while well I spoke too soon no yeah
three four oh one lootcrate
HQ nade as well found your biggest fan
right here
Luke raid HQ is fucking awesome there's
one of the coolest entrances ever now I
don't know how to get out walk straight
into the street didn't work you
motherfucker
Ricky want to be looking at right now
what is that my boy look at that body
painted with plastic paint wait do you
see the front bumper I have no idea if
you can see this but these are some
glow-in-the-dark shoes I this is one of
the weirdest microphone cells ever it
goes from that all the way down my body
down my leg and then just go there's my
ankle bracelet attached to me sound guy
over here is just fun with okay with
this
so I'm vlogging right now look at this
guys fucking camera this guy is like
rolling so you've got yeah but the
problem is when you hold it like this to
vlog this thing hold this I'm not being
responsible for breaking the big ass
camera screwed up nature's finally right
he's awesome
I thought I'm gonna sneak outside and
then this is where we're gonna be inside
this room where I think we're doing the
signing man people gonna come in two
minutes and shit but this is a fucking
awesome comic book store I'm hopefully
gonna have to walk around for ages and
that right believe me I'm your biggest
fan
oh my god I just want to say does not
work a pair of testicles or a top of
penis head it looks like a lot of
different that looks like a penis what
the hell is going on with this guy he's
got a metal arm that looks absolutely
petrified oh my god speaking out
sneaking arms D Kappa yeah I'm so sorry
I was so late we're gonna start now just
wait say hello Jonah wave I'm gonna put
you in a vlog this guy right here
randomly decided to come and show us his
goodies fact when you fade that I just
embarked yeah you saw my I'll sign yours
what are you drawing on there laughing
what does it look like Oh God what does
it say actually I drew it
I can't see it if we're throwing down
it's going again they've got really
upset that I drew a seahorse on his back
so I turned it into a car buy or enhance
it I think I'm pretty solidly proud of
the cowboy with a hat that's good that's
so good so listen because we're optic
gaming for life yeah dude phase temper I
fucking love you bro book light look at
this guy this guy we've been hiding he's
hiding from his right arm can we show
this guy show his face this cannot be
seen here that is sacrilege to up to me
do this right now so weirdly enough I've
signed discs before but just in his
brother just what did we decide on the
disk so I totally have done I do not
expect this to work it will never work
no bro just if you're out there I signed
it I did what you wanted so he wears it
I sign yours like it's no I will then
want to expect it to see here at the me
up this guy right here yeah all right
q8 on zombies a Treyarch not always he
wearing the dev team swag doubtless here
yeah it's like Emma brought me at dr.
Montez gobblegum
/ coholic so you my friend are a legend
well we made it where we're going so
we're at this party and it's supposed to
be absolutely packed
it's absolutely empty I was always be
not responsible for this hot being
chosen but apparently this is what I'm
wearing for my boat the place got busier
but I'm gonna like the women
yes this one it's about way I'm you
glasses but these the squad is real wait
may come on this is a bear oh come on
what's Ricky where well I want this
instead yes
yeah I kinda want to keep you Dawson I'm
fuckin I fucking love these glasses
cheers gentlemen
Datak listen listen listen Americans
have little finger food in spite of
chicken and waffles fabrics of wine and
whiskey played a full play involving
Berlin
it's so dry
and that's not chicken its but I'm
severely disappointed
but why is it turned off that means the
pie insane serious and the DJ's actually
really good and here's this little one
oh wait you got even see your head she's
not small but then I find this guy who's
like you can't even see him is that
fucking truffle fuck yourself
I hope to make this play right now this
is a disappointingly watched Arlo what
is the point this is such a waste of
space why am i but even blogging this I
just I don't even know but just just
hello again I'm trying to take a shit in
peace unless music is true
I love how this is that this is like the
most like so I found an optic scope up
here then I have bands of red balls and
we have a scoop out here and we have
more rentable Luke is absolutely loving
we ditched the wooden bar because we had
no idea why we were even there Luke that
was the worst decision you have ever
made in bar choices Luke then decided to
tear them tired I've got Facebook
meeting in the morning I'm gonna be out
yeah and then we've got Ricky always
fucking vlogs on his phone
because it's on they all end up with a
million views like I don't like Frank I
don't like Mary but then I think Mary
baby
we're trying to get Netflix to work but
Ricky disappeared about and right so
what are you betting I think he's asleep
lean against a button okay this is what
happens to a drunk man who drinks wine
don't do it this is what we resorted to
we've got peeps on the way but our dudes
got that we've got that nacho cheese
could they're not so choose for some
hateful six may in Hazzard let me feed
you well it's not over it's been a fun
fun times having people up at the
appellant but it was really late when
everyone came over - to salvage Mary
she's not in divinity more and we had
pizza so I'm actually super sober and I
have five hours sleep before I have to
be a week to be at Facebook in the
morning so yeah that's the thing out he
thug okay that's you guys tomorrow makes
you look like we're in subscribe and
adios to your faces
