oh this is not the way to start a day I
am severely hoping it just pops back in
clicks back in and I've got myself a
fake sparrow
oh no hold on I think of donate they
give donate think of Tony
Steenkamp donate that was a fill and a
win to start this day but today is the
day I'm leaving going back to England
I'm going on returning and you know what
yeah I did a really bad job getting rid
of my apartment in LA you can see
everything still here for as you seen
with the stuff that's going on with ruby
dee got a lot going on so I'll probably
read this place a little bit longer see
I will be taking this home this is
legitimately one of the chip well two of
the most awesome things I have ever
owned in my life Sam by the way no
DiCaprio himself absolutely dopest it's
bought it like a charity auction and
then an Aladdin slide like an actual
slide that they used in the movie right
in the movie signed by Robin Williams
himself I think that is possibly that's
good but that's possibly the coolest
thing I own yes okay just like that I
think I've got everything I need
I'm leaving the apartment somewhat
decently tidy I do rush out a bit more
time to organize it but I've actually
got to get to the airport now because I
probably will I'm probably gonna miss
this fight I'm just know it's out there
I'm I'm probably gonna miss this flight
but it's time to rock and roll the
apartment it's been a pleasure I will be
back I'm not getting a year just yet so
uh I love you Olivia
until the next adventure I will return
to Los Angeles so until then let's get
to the airport oh my god it stinks of
burning toast and there we go I believe
this is my uber for Tom good Jones look
at that spray out of Grand Theft Auto
but here you go Virgin Atlantic I
believe I've got a nice herb meet
business class first-class flight home
so let's go collect my ticket
sit up say goodbye to the Sun until next
time let's flap home it Jones I am
looking for London London Heathrow 5:15
on-time gate Trondheim
then actually think I've got a little
bit of time I was gonna try and see if I
can find a watch to buy yes because jute
free tax free
I don't know someone that I was gonna
try and see them but erm a nice
replacement Breitling for I think
actually just go to the Virgin on it the
one in London was really nice so let's
do it next time
here we go Lounge is oh my darling the
press the fire alarm going shit I almost
was a fail Virgin Atlantic clubhouse
this is it
now miss can be all remember my going
this point aha whoa there's a fella nice
hella hella hella hella hella nice found
this place and I definitely to say it's
not as nice as London he throws but you
know what
it's got drinks it's got a little bit of
snackage and it's got a nice view of
some points so let's find a seat and
chill out I could be wrong in saying the
fires in that direction even though it
does look dead smokey I'm pretty sure
the fires are over that way so you can
see it from here but if window-seat when
we fly off in from LA see this is the
runway and this is a lund so say the
room niggas like you set up this way and
then you fly over the ocean see fly off
over the ocean and then you fly off and
then you turn around and come back this
way so if we set off I might be able to
see some fires like right over here then
it will fly off and return background I
might be able to see some more fires
nice so for this flight I am actually in
business class and it's quite damn
awesome
this is the lounge that you actually get
access to and everything here is
complimentary so this guy's serving me
look at his goddamn money you've got no
style look at this for dinner
yes I've got chicken some funerals I
couldn't even tell you what they're
called right now but I've got a razor
phone and I'm fine that you know what
I'm finally using this for what it's
supposed to be used for
like when you're traveling when you're
like wanting to game I'm gonna be open
the effort a weapon and a half hours in
the entire time I decided to just sit
there on the way I'm hearing you nothing
but watch movies I have this I don't
need to have a laptop or a console is
there anything because I've got that
with me I could just use that instead so
I'm absolutely loading it up to the brim
with games and I'm just gonna play the
entire flight so I'm hoping this white
is just gonna go out this guess it's
time for a taste test okay this is what
I'm eating dip it in the soy sauce and
oh it's nice it's just very very sticky
I'm not rushing off anywhere
Cheers
and for my next course I have tacos god
damn it it's terrible
that's really good Jesus eight point
nine out of ten goddamn your food was
lovely beer was amazing it's time to get
on this flight you know what I think
actually gonna fall asleep half the time
to be fair I want to play games I want
to watch movies ball I'm tired I'm so
tired but it's time to travel into the
future because when I'm in Los Angeles
I'm eight hours behind so I'm moving
back forward again and yeah I think I've
got everything let's get this show on
the road
Hey okay Lisa these guys actually point
me might actually be the captains for my
flight wait nope
yeah Mexico but unless I'm going to the
wrong goddamn place they're not my
captain's final boarding for the window
I'm always doing this final boarding
what's the points don't wait so many
people here the flight get called you
have to stand up waiting to get on the
plane and then you're queuing on this
thing so you might as well just wait
till the very final boarding call so
just a little bit traveling Tiffani you
guys don't rush wait till final boarding
and this is gonna be my home for the
next 11 I was so excited very nice and
comfy and that's my bed the problem this
plane is that the seats is so could you
just like a weirdo you cannot like a
weirdo anyway just blogging on the plane
boy it's particularly this plane and
this setup like
that's probably not the most convincing
thing I've ever seen the pilot just
walked fast with a mechanic and a
massive tool bag he's literally going
into the cockpit not sure what's having
a gate seems a mechanic's gone and
they're playing Christmas music and
apparently in England it's okay next
update someone else is back to try and
fix it
what's happening I don't think we're
gonna be setting up anytime soon the
delay is real I can deal with it this
music is perfect
what also like to welcome customers on
this paycheck right yell 43085 put away
your back to carry a padlock until they
can't fall out Welsh well this is gonna
fail I be able to see something from the
plane book I'm not seeing any not too
sure what that is up in the hills but it
might be plane or a helicopter
right now I guess
I wanted sure I'm pretty sure potential
pretty sure the fire is yesterday we
were looking for were of that who the
volatiles should be so unfortunately I
don't seem to be able to see anything
right even though it's a good thing that
the fires have been controlled or
contained for to be honest just Roxanna
I don't know if it's because of the
angle of the point or anything but just
don't seem to get to see anything so
yesterday we were up here looking for
the place in Los Angeles in Burbank look
like this our area there is fires
currently going on over here over here
for one of the biggest fires is right
underneath us I just it's a bit
difficult but I was hoping that if we
flew over it I've been to get really
really good angle to you guys but
fortunately I'm not seeing
we like set up like maybe fifteen
minutes ago when we're experiencing the
turbulence I was on a plane once and the
turbulence was that lad was like I had
headphones on just chilling like was did
to music like probably I beat the relax
chill out music just like good vibes
getting lifted out of a sea
I pitch volume clinging on to a chair
like I mean while I was just sat there
like well it's gonna happen it's gonna
happen so
yeah it's one of those ways you can look
at turbulence you're gonna be scary
enjoy the ride
and for dinner we have salmon for
starters with what looked like the
orange there's pieces of orange on my
salmon
cake
this huge selection of amazing fellows
and seniors indicating seated
the emoji movie scratch that this is a
new film lambda consciously
watching
Oh beautiful
Iceland state dinner locking him okay so
I tried to download a little games
montrezl the phone it turns out that
every single game I downloaded you need
to be connected to the Internet to be
able to play which is my pet peeve of
video games when I make a game at three
BD for mobile
there will be an ability to play offline
not just always happening to be online I
know some games do that already well
every single one I downloaded you have
to be online so yeah that's available is
I didn't realize that a guy swore on my
table move the table not to over it
spilled water all that maintained like
it was ice cold water with ice cubes I'm
now stopped went through we're on an
airplane for the next
seven hours great that actually wasn't a
bad movie Daniel Craig was awesome I
absolutely love chatting taping it and
more than anything
Stan was by over here was absolutely
incredible really good actors weird
story twist but it was awesome they
liked it
every single room
everyone
oh if I don't want to get jet like that
I don't want to like hate myself sorry I
don't know why this keeps going out like
I collect record I don't click this
board it just cuts out for some reason
so I'm looking forward to switching from
this phone because it's a potato what if
I don't get a jet like I don't be
exhausted and I should really sleep now
London by the time I landed be one
o'clock in England I'll be fresh as a
daisy I can stand the day I'll be set
for when I'm in business class or first
class I feel like it's a waste of an
experience of like the food the drink
was the chili the entertainment so I
don't like sleeping on it so it's bit
weird but we'll see how things go as of
right now I'm not too exhausted but I
guarantee you in about an hour
take one but bro what
mind if I do gonna send about all by
myself play tower defense games
basically the 3b date I've been addicted
to tower defense games for so long but
there's so much from games that I don't
like it so much from games that I do
whoa ah I've always looked like you know
Age of Empires strong core all I saw
stuff and then today it's kinda like a
tower defense game so everybody I'm
making my own so I'm
detail as possible from why do you I
don't like it how to improve from a
million different town events games like
probably about sixty different games now
aroma going to finesse Lee make the
greatest tower defense game of all time
so I'm gonna carry on please grab myself
a Heineken because there's champagne and
Heineken got myself a Walther why not a
banana it's a car
that fell asleep one day in 200 so
England
helical apparently it was snowing good
today so oh my gosh let's see how it's
gonna be when we land
I have to admit Nicolas kid need to pull
your bookie nose
infuriating I actually asked about
Brewster oh yeah if you happen to find
the girl that you keep safely
five seconds please offer imitation
and he's driving kids
and it gets me to keep sniffling stop it
nope
use this
fucking tissue
this little with his boot
get back now you get when you complain
Mille it's the lips are drying and
ghandi's flipflop lip balm japanese men
- beautiful I'm pretty sure we've been
circling like air for like three times
now because we've just not wondered I
could see towns and houses a minute
though but we keep going back up into
the cloud so don't - sure what we're
stalling for maybe some room on the moon
way who knows
just like that the last one on the plane
brilliant
come on up okay okay welcome back to
England
thank you very British that for our like
three and a half hours sleep a hard
think may set me up for the day I think
it's just the right amount that I need
so as long as I don't go exerting loads
of energy I should be fine that said I
think it's Friday today
I usually go by car did so headed oh my
no D
Neil Hobart connections alternatives
well I always know from experience I go
to terminal five to fly from London
Heathrow to Manchester the thing with
when I won back from America at this
time I need to end this blog so I can
start tomorrow's because it's only 11
o'clock it so I have to start my next
day straightaway so I think I'm gonna
wrap up here before I get on the next
plane to fly me back to England so but
to Manchester so thank you all for
watching I'm sorry I didn't manage to do
my proper like gaming travel review with
the razor phone I'm gonna go go to my
house load it over the ton of games and
then do it properly on my next trip so
I'm really good because I was really
looking forward to it I brought the
phone to LA with me and just completely
forgot it was in my bag and I was like
oh my god
why didn't I use it I don't use it it
would've been my trip would have been
ten times quicker so got in but you know
what you you weren't so under end this
vlog here thank you very much watching
make sure leave a like rating subscribe
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. the
next day o'clock
