without now I love my wardrobe which was
filled with nothing but syndicate
original swag puddin kicks wow so good
how will I never ever listen to logic
before today I learnt blaring on my
speakers really fucking good well this
is my screen and as you can see i
install a 540 play but some reason it's
gonna smalls a potato in my corner which
makes no sense yo some zombies going on
regarding this and then this happened
game Fallout 4 what the fuck are you
doing cuz that lad was stringing some
pics by boy and do some awesome
adventures and of course look who's back
in my house yeah you were to stay away
from me in done with him so if I look
like death well actually I've been
streaming for the past 12 hours and 0
try that sexual beast but over the past
12 hours everyone's been like Tom you
look really tired you ok ok I've been
streaming for 12 hours since 12 since 12
and says 12 a.m. last night midnight
I've been streaming out till 12 noon so
I'm still streaming fall out literally
fall out came out at midnight I was like
screw it I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do a
stream and somehow it's turned into this
long of a stream I'm not particularly
that tired but I'm just gonna make sure
I eat drink and you know just stay on
top of like nutrients and I should be
good so yeah I'm go continue stream
probably gonna be like an 1800s tumor
some like that and all should be good in
the hood so if you watch the stream them
fuck yeah this the the tightness of my
body falling apart is what happens when
I put in the stream hype for you guys
but you guys honestly killed it with the
1800 sub train so I am staying on that
stream hype just to say thank you for
the crazy support and this is probably
one of the longest talking segments
you'll ever seen a vlog because i'm
literally doing nothing other than just
sitting inside my office play games and
i'm going to show you how I Drive up my
drive watch this so steep this is now
probably where I Drive off the edge boy
I have to drive up this mammoth of a
look how steep is drive up the mama for
the cliff drove up in trouble for driver
pick and boom just like that in and out
Bowie lucozade gingerbread man never old
enough are too old for gingerbread man
poor i will show you someone that does
fucking suck welcome to wheels notice
something on it see that bad fucking
scratch along the entire thing yep just
did not from there all the way down
sounds like pretty sure I'm close to the
pretty awesome sure i'm close to the
curb and as yeah that's that's the
benefit of what i was about showing up
fucking guy sounds like a king hair
dryer a fuck is that thing I think that
was like a 60 cc scooter with a fucking
hole or drilled and eggs exhaust or no
exhaust at all oh my god would you just
look at that hype cut up these crappers
up Oh ugly spoons in the games but we'll
just look at that high qual haha well I
have not seen much of outside all day
but the moment I go outside to check it
this is the beautiful view I get to look
at oh my god would you just look at it I
am a very lucky man just to be able to
look out my window every single day and
see this because at my place in LA where
I'm staying now I don't really have a
view it's just all buildings so I really
do get to appreciate being back here and
being like this is fucking awesome and
one happy little british man he's been
awake for like 24 hours well my mind
just got completely blown I
mayonnaise that this is not operating
like Maine Oh bullshit you see that's
mayonnaise it sticks to the field where
is get another chair that's just not me
maybe what's tasty as you guys know that
I went to Siberia with Xbox as part of
the escape from Siberia for the tomb
raider lara croft game i know you give
it a sleeping i want you to all go and
watch i'll put a link in the description
for you so I'll go and check it out
we'll check this little clip the point
of me it's awesome Molly you looking
forward to that account there I like
trains it's not very fun yeah I'm the
most immature pursue the world but this
is honestly one of the best put together
videos of ever seen are ever been apart
so when you all to go there and show the
height ball leave a like rating share it
and let them know I send you link to
description go and show it some love
yeah my mama go and watch you to do
Jimmy von phul I don't Karen I'm doing
well Tom and we just what I think on for
a month I got built within a month
what the fuck they were messing on at
all Jesus Christ yeah Ashton class woo
well power from this being so goddamn
noise can't happen I've been doing
nothing but live streaming so I found a
small time segment to be able to go to
the cinema with my mom I know you can't
see us at all will you be quiet so
fucking loud either way at a time
segment about sport is it is my mom will
watch the new Jimmy bond ok we are here
it's my uncle watch in case the can see
is wonderful walking back in the
neighborhood son yeah
well got done watching the new James
Bond moms texting aah and honestly it
was fucking awesome I give it an eight
out of ten a lot of questionable parts
of like how did that happen how did
certain people track that person down
but or all this plus solid or and this
is what I'm talking big numbers you've
got five seconds to give the world and
full of inspiration and depth or a live
tip
ok last you showed me the most yeah oh
my god I look like death I'm
successfully managed to mess up my sleep
schedule again after just fixing it and
I'm going to bed at 8am success
