here in my garage knowledge but all I'm
finding myself to like red
completely red face all I'm finding
myself doing in my house at the moment
it's completely forgetting to vlog like
110 percent find myself like oh it's 12
o'clock in the afternoon haven't vlogged
once rat the entire day I need to get my
shit together ah yes
another beautiful day in England the joy
so of course whilst drunk in the hot tub
I have a basketball hoop
two balls and I just realized where the
other one is over down there because I
went for a slam dunk aru didn't
obviously work and now I'm here outside
cleaning up the beer bottles we have one
we have two we have three we have a
brick on a chair and we have four and
five and six good
also story time look at this see how
there's a hole in it this was a bird
picked its nose in to my hot tub and put
a hole in it and it's the same goddamn
birds you ready look that attacked my
windows look we've been they eat the
rubber seals I don't we don't know why
they do it but they just they just
nibble it no other nibbling me fucking
hot tub bastard that's actually him I'm
gonna set like a claymore grenade up
when I see it get close I'm just gonna
be like you fucking dare kill it tell
you what I got miss driving so frigging
work at least a completion stare across
the vlogging I miss driving everywhere
in life you know when you're go in a
store to buy something that you walked
into get yeah well I don't I just went
in for food and a sandwich and walked
out with energy drinks and toilet paper
fuck learner fucking drivers you're
doing 17 miles per hour in a 30 zone
well that gym looks like it's nice to
sign up until you see this sign of this
guy's face I
dependent decided on cuff size we're
going in for some cups of burnished
banquet for women with greevey it's time
to pay a visit to an old friend and by
old friend I mean literally an old
friend she's white finger like a ghost
appear near the door you order chicken
say goodbye to the Internet Oh can't
even say goodbye
goodbye oh there's my Brenda by the way
he's a legend
oh just so much fun oh I mean it does
difficult Dickerman still you guys know
I'm gonna call that 0-6 now in America
but I'm buying it for what was to be in
the UK but the predicament I'm in is
whether or not I get my man where are
you going forward you're sliding away as
I'm bringing up after my shopping
whether or not I get a automatic or a
manual and after just driving the bay
right now I can keep thinking is that
one a manual driving vehicle a manual
how to survive living on your own 101
buy this you go to Tesco's just always
buy this it's one of the best whole good
meals you can get that doesn't contain
your shit it's so good and yeah I like
how it's filled with pizza this was not
mine
this was neighbor Alice's and little
kitty NGOs okay go fuck yourselves it's
black ops zombies large-print I'm gonna
go upstairs and determine today to get
to around 50 so let's get that target
reached and quiet bitches oh my god
would you just look at that high-quality
vlogging but would you just look at this
height wall so much - the twits Chuck
right now this is why I love you guys
we'll play some zombies killing my
bitches on Twitch well about seeing me
in this this is what the hike wars over
this is what college exam losses brought
me back to plague and stop stop playing
about 9000 kills since the games
and she's absolutely freakin shit and
I've got this amazing team of subs
supporting me me Joey just subscribe
there cuz like what these guys are doing
as support every time I go down they
absolutely kill it like with a highboy
if somebody something epic the hype is
real but today guys we've had 415
subscribers back-to-back this is the
highest I've ever ever actually those
I've ever had is 500 bucks for charity
and just keep Paroli just subscribed
about hype is just look at it I got on
both screens it's just a wall of
syndicate hype you guys are the best we
stream today and literally was at a
point where he was like vigorous is a
thousand and fifty years so so thank you
very much bought I went out to come in
you got dirty face I went out to go and
get Chinese and was like oh I just keep
the sub train going we hit 420 you saw
me talking bells like yeah what we hit
it you know it's whatever I'll it's
whatever to let it die I let the twitch
chat just leave it and let it die and I
just streamed nothing but my chair but
time I got back the stream I'd got it's
at nearly 600 subscribers and I've been
going continually on about a thousand so
I've been streaming for nine hours and
25 minutes absolutely crazy but cakey
cookie Dooney you ever subscribe it and
we're gonna continue on with playing
some zombies fuck yeah this is for the
record what is happening to my twitch
chat right now this is this is my twitch
ah my webcam is staring at much yeah
doing nothing but staring at my chair
and for some reason these people on the
Internet
they're keeping the sub train going so
with five minutes someone subscribing
and I just don't know why they're doing
it they're fucking crazy
I they've gone insane my twitch chat has
gone insane they told me to leave it
here so I'm just leaving it here so game
of the ha but I'm going to sleep ladies
and gentleman I'm so goddamn tired like
I'm ridiculously tired so much love to
your faces I'm going to bed I scream for
over 17 hours today and the sub hype was
over 1,400 he's goddamn crazy
