oh well it's 250 in the afternoon I
thought exactly eight hours sleep I feel
amazing my bed's amazing I'm gonna lie
here for about an hour but this it's
Betty's happen oh my gosh now i'm pretty
sure I heard an old myth that if you
want it to iron something you hang it
but when you're having a shower and it
should like steam clean it but i'm
pretty sure they're just gonna get wet
i'm at the motion sensor my life has
just turned up in my life three rows of
the shower to on please turn back on
thank you this is the showering the dark
this is so sad but I just got so damn
happy I'm like oh my its pitch black
outside it must be like eight o'clock
nine o'clock smell like that and I
looked it was half past five yes I have
not wasted my day I've been making
videos either doing good stuff I don't
feel it pretty happy about that I didn't
actually I did actually wake up at two
o'clock this afternoon ten exactly may
the most Monday that dinner we have a
problem I'm hard to fucking hate you
Ricky literally every time I from
control this thing is it scares the shit
out of me I decided against a cup of tea
but instead i'm using the same bug I can
fit kind of coke in it so it's like the
perfect technique I smell so good just
going through the news right now I just
cannot believe the flooding in the UK
how buddy is like so many areas are just
completely completely like demolished
look at this this is it just crazy so
luckily where I live in the UK I don't
live like anywhere to solve have that
sort of rain effect my house or anything
but I know of air is not too far from
your life tell it drug that I've been
affected by this and I'm just like god
damn I hope everyone's okay if you're
having my viewers which I know what
majority of people are in areas i got
footed if your house has been ruined
then i hope you get back on your feet
your insurance convince it and you're
not away from play video games for too
long but i hope your fate safe and your
family's okay and yeah just kind of
wanted to to say that cause apparently
what 24 a month of rain fell in 24 hours
what the fuck Oh what am i doing I have
no idea Trevor why I've decided to this
but me and team are deciding to go to
1v1 on LA oh my knife vs.
now I literally got this yesterday
you're going down boy this is this is
right now this is a fair pot look we're
it's a it's literally a 1v1 this is a
1v1 between you me okay this is gonna be
sketchy shit so fingers crossed look it
right if if one of us loses I'm gonna
beg for the night buck you ready to
about the final ten seconds come on
please no it's nice please no one snide
I'm not about a side right now oh no one
I don't think it was good night I think
we're good I think we're good I think a
good trouble good luck it's gonna love
it no but we r is r is great when word
please please please please please oh no
you son of a bitch we lost no that's the
first time a better knife but I lost oh
dude rip aroni pepperoni fuck oh yeah
food rad thanks buddy whoo let me get
Frank's like a come on though look at
him and we need to glue a bit but all to
his hand so it looks like another oh we
should we should have open the door with
Frank god damn it put a fail and it's
time to Netflix and chill so my
inventory yesterday was looking pretty
damn sweet we had six nuts which is just
would you just take the appreciation to
have a look at those knives now let's be
said this knife is horrible and so is
this night but I want these yesterday on
CSKA low and also I lost them today but
I lost them and gained myself I lost one
which was one of the potato looking ones
and I managed to gain myself a beautiful
flip knife case hardened would you look
how delicious that thing looks well now
we are done I have just finished filming
my cell phone box video we're all I'm
gonna say is this guy right here Scoob
it 1g cursed me he cursed me in the most
amazing way ever but you only find out
what it is next friday with myself scope
unboxing video comes out what word
I have been so busy playing CS go case
simulate a 2015 we just ruined my life
that I lost my rank so I'm gonna try and
play a match now not warmed up she's
gonna go for it and fingers crush will
see me with a rank in a minute I she
said play the game lost by one round but
I really often clip that record a few
guys I'm gonna put on my Facebook fan
page you can we go check that out but
you see this down here if I don't know
why it's really struggling to focus on
the time usually he just folks the
straight way there 1230 to do you know
what that means today's Ricky's birthday
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear Ricky happy
birthday to you hip hip hooray Ricky
from the UK where christmas time is like
super festive like it's called in the UK
all that sort of stuff these decorations
everywhere we have one decoration in
this entire room and it's Ricky's
birthday says I'm gonna make it feel
more like the mood we got that is
actually just just that's Justin Bieber
in the background playing right now but
we'll listen to christmas tunes and
hopefully tomorrow wait what's can make
it more Christmas well I don't know why
Ricky's gone I think you want to take a
shit but either way you said it's going
make it more Christmassy my secret of
Christmas shit hi I'm doing I absolutely
knew it oh my god you look so festive no
it was it soon as the two old women from
me more women from me hopefully tomorrow
if we can go skydiving I'm Ricky's
birthday we're gonna go with them
onesies on which is gonna be boiling hot
while jumping out of a plane in that
thing but if we can go wearing that one
am i one then we're bringing the festive
spirit all over Los Angeles look I've
got mine ready to go minds like this is
like the Batcave minds they're ready
bring it up
nailed it Ricky I was feeling bad that I
haven't got your present but I've
actually got you know dude I've actually
got you the perfect gift all right so
this may have been the present that was
given to me but I'm gonna pass it on to
you this is for you Ricky well now when
you open this you've got to remember
that I thought of you them in the most
daily way possible I got you your own
miniature book look incredible yeah that
is pretty minor want to touch it ok ok
wait stereo time drug Leonore Sonia
bought me a butt plug as a going-away
present from my old apart my old place
where I lived so I'm sorry today thing
and that's to take a gift off here I'm
fucking hope now that's odd well it is
340 in the morning I am going to bed
hopefully we get up in the morning and
going skydiving so guys think about
watching my day of doing nothing I like
rate as appreciate as always see you
guys tomorrow 6pm from a new vlog and
again ever go skydiving hopefully i'll
get some ethic footage from that you'll
be able to enjoy it and then it will be
followed with us going out getting drunk
for Ricky's birthday so until tomorrow
thanks watching and goodbye
