I need to know what the hell she's like
dude what are you doing what is he doing
is he just finished fucking bizarre ah
would you look at the size of that thing
see tourists I'm with blue Taurus time
with lube there's a bridge there's an
eye and there is big been hiding down
there yeah just walk around and this
young gentleman recognized he was like
oh you're that Cindy could do to edit
forward together but what he just said
and we're throwing about here right now
it just said I'm better than ali-a so
haha I honestly could not believe it but
this is like the fastest numbers I have
ever received in my life I'm not gonna
lie that is probably the best-looking
Nando's ever look at the amount of salt
express some very very impressed Luke's
gonna try d to the first time try a
peri-peri chicken I would this is the
very house very very cheap yet was there
even any salt warmer you know I can get
one we've covered in it going up we
think we think wow it's good right good
look like a American time employer like
that it's called Nando's and cheeky
sauce the convenience is so damn high
you walk out of Nando's to get me to
super drive to get a jacket I'm walking
around with nothing on and it's right
there I'm nom nom nom nom yeah but we
can agree that the hotel is a solid nine
oh yeah without a doubt question is a
nine hopefully we're gonna go back
afterwards and use the spa be to get a
jacket some jeans and get this man a
haircut and a shave and we're good I
won't tell a super dry so swagged out
beyond belief like I'm extremely happy
with myself right now these guys thought
wrong it's called blogging so I have to
have Luke next to this a little like we
know what we're talking about so yeah we
came out swag couch but what did you buy
just underwear do so tonight about
underwear two t-shirts Jackie jeans and
I'm just good to go so very happy about
being swagged out very very happy and
for the record I fell asleep probably
about two hours after that to playing
zombies all night well good morning
world I don't think I've ever seemed to
have left a hotel in a worse state in my
life it kind of looks like I had a crazy
rave of nakedness and fuckery but
instead this was actually just
consistent of me spending 12 hours in
room rest in peace the cleaner yep this
is the the fancy ass area where if you
turn around this way yeah what you fit
right in hotel might actually get bumped
up to a 9.7 after this cuz this buffet
breakfast looks insane I've got a full
English coming what do I ordered a hot
chocolate when I check this out oh the
hot chocolate this came with a hot
chocolate chocolate flakes marshmallows
and flesh with who oh my gosh this hotel
one from a 9.5 to a 9.6 because of the
shower and now because of the buffet and
service it's going for a 9.7
beard-cutting time this place is lucky
legit what's it called again Murdock
Murdock in London I'm gonna go from this
to whatever's next that is what I'm
talking about dude Murdock if you're
ever in London go to Murdock it's quite
a pricey place not gonna lie but we said
we wanted to do it in style and God yeah
we look rapper dude we looks so good now
so stunned that is exactly that's the
first like the first time in years I've
got into a barber and just said give me
a trim like I don't want to go to shot
don't take too much off and just make it
look good I've gone in and just got
exactly that gonna look good on stream
today fuck yeah there's like so many
people south side our hotel i SAT there
religiously way if we notice them this
morning didn't think anything of it
because we heard there's like protests
or some shit other problems / iso test
apparently Jennifer Lawrence is staying
in the hotel imagine if she's fucking
there now if the door I'm like Hello I
like ya wouldn't put a bit of line ok
but if we bumped into that be fucking
legit so as I'm here in the hotel lobby
just making sure I get my zombie videos
up uh-oh just sneaks along over here it
says hello good friend pleasure to me I
appreciate you watching my videos it
came over here as I'm just speaking to
the people who made called you a zombies
and uploading my first video so you met
me a very good time on their time all
the secrets of zombies goodbye well the
weather is rather shit I just got my
videos uploaded we're now heading to the
place to do the live streams and
is Wang yeah I am totally refusing right
out something that that's really what's
gonna spoil queen bee see giant so we're
doing like a rehearsal with these guys
making sure we know what to say to
accidents don't underplay the gym right
now I'm like no I refuse so the official
livestream you guys see my genuine
reaction just me I don't know all right
nobody more behind-the-scenes
behind-the-scenes these are my notes
look out like I look like a child sort
of laying on them you're in it yep
doesn't look bad there and then it
slowly gets progressively worse oh wait
that's one I didn't put notes on you
flawless almost flawless unchanged sweet
just give you got the revo- all the comp
a disease I don't bring online assault
peaceful this is an entire salad by the
way for the black ops 3 long live stream
like this is one hell live stream juices
directors people were in the show and
sound gosh it looks up a strength just
do me wrong stop streaming zombies with
all this gear it would be epic
so MA
Kevin's the bombs we're getting into the
next bit we must stop playing the
campaign already so now we're gonna play
the giant this could be my first time
have a plane oh shit I didn't even know
you were here surprise oh yeah great go
fuck yourself that's that no ideas
clayman's right now well we played it
was also a great girl absolute legends
thank you so much for
thank you for giving us this and I
honestly like the mod tools overhaul
suppose we could not wait to keep you
guys up I've got to go back in there but
your Leggio may just go behind the
scenes it is to drink was not look is
good friend Brady behind the scenes this
look and let get up my seat I've got
joke to do all these people Kevin
silvana big but pops up yeah I've known
him for five years oh okay yeah we're
just gonna walk away from this situation
kevin is a legend that's it yeah are you
happy with that no worst job ever I
brought your camera I love south on a
camera smile I know it rut this was
awesome what was doing he's touching me
leave me alone but this was amazing
thank you very much for trying
Activision apology for bringing me out a
long day on all my god anyways epic day
and what's wrong my face every day epic
stream zombies sixty thousand viewers
fucking if you watch the livestream
you'll recognize this Peter Billick
rapist looking weirdo why he was stood
that whilst I was host in there you were
stood in the background just like he's
gonna touch me later on so send help
immediately oh yeah so then I'm doing
the stream and looking right on list
list at the Ray the fucking crazy I am
going to go and have sexual relations
with this man that kind of game
okay I brother guys gay listen I love
the dude bidding man go away hey shut up
you're the homie Dave good to see you as
always he's only like 19 glass of wine
so I'm definitely glad he's getting a
zombie slaying dude yeah we've got
Playstations to play on we're gonna go
play zombies Rin go fuck yourselves so
with the final four percent of my
battery we're saying goodbye to the all
and of course she would fall way too
much to drink Alice talking I'm joking
she's it is here so edit either way I
was funny to put in a blog either way
epic rupture how did I not get that on
camera fucking hate my life either way
awesome fucking event I've got bobs on
bachelor like we're going for drinks
probably all be able to charge my phone
so I'm going to bed whoa all right okay
so maybe my phone was in my hotel room
charging but everyone got together we
all came for drinks in the Corinthia
Hotel super fucking nice and the bar is
busy yeah yes I'm sat in a hotel under a
blanket with a beer with Luke is about
to die everyone else is so drunk entire
I don't I don't even know what Henry's
doing Henry's other me and Henry are
watching don't hug me i'm scared and i'm
probably gonna knock blog from now every
was really quite so yeah let's watching
them i'm gonna want to voted three
pizzas i'm so hungry john is it story
time I've gotta go i'm watching don't
hug me i'm scared three fuck you now
probably about half know until i get
kicked out i assume either way relaxing
where's Luke each piece is moving
exactly what he will not stop doing the
sound board of don't be scared I love
you he just keeps saying pesky be and
it's driving me fucking insane whiskey
be god damn it well tonight's been a
great night really enjoyed the stream it
was awesome I went out drinking didn't
get drunk just uh didn't didn't kick out
of me however little oil is Luke I am
basically carrying him to his room
either way great night good job London
is a success and you know oh this is
this is your for London was it's a
casual everybody I'm gonna check he gets
in his hotel room are you a key yeah get
inside go on go on keep her goin gay
Bruegel either way Linda Nesbitt ask
them so let me Luke we're gonna go you
know me Ken all the record he's so
fucking drunk like drunken tides it's
bet jet like but I am honestly really
wide awake which sucks they don't it's
like it's literally 420 I think it's 420
blaze it right now but I'm going to bed
Jennifer Lawrence is staying in this
hotel I didn't have the pleasure of
bumping into a financial sexual buoy the
Hammers that thing there's just two
fingers poking each other what the fuck
what do you know
managing to get to the Train on perfect
timing you know set up a train applying
to tweens we get a dinner of bacon on
Wes with potatoes onions and peppers
British food so everybody not lie
impressive this is why I willing done
just look at that view it's beautiful
home majestic yeah so I've explained to
Luke what I Chavez a chart stuns
technical terms means council house and
violent alright but it doesn't mean that
at all it just means it's someone who's
a dickhead basically what no good what
you call the chow
watch college having a box set yeah like
so yeah basically the walk around and
attract sooo they walk as if they've got
one pocket heavier than they will be
like like a gangsta walk but it's always
some like skinny ass white dude he
thinks is like the dogs bulbs a chav
sure yeah so you'll probably meet a few
usher in the UK I'm looking well I gave
loot a tour of the house if you like it
is it good
just give him a tour of the house the
first time he's seen it on videos and
still could never really liked seen it
in person so if you can see it now the
grain ride has been real China on here
is my new dining table Oh would you look
at that view oh my god I've missed it
England oh shit and this fucking smash
the window there but oh how I have
missed that view it's beautiful to be
home I'm proud I'm proud every Tim
there's big love you bay and oh yeah put
my table is looking toward record and a
kitchen and swaggin swaggin swag in that
view again like I just can't get over
how majestic this sunset is right now
what could it it's fucking amazing good
i look again it's times like this that I
just appreciate where I am in life can
it be hold on file well tell you what is
definitely good to be home the house is
looking swaggy as fuck Luke how did you
like it so proud of this firecracker
that's fireworks dude look it's bonfire
it's the day after bomb find out a
bonfire night weekend and this fireworks
going off and he's called them
firecrackers firework adorable I'm not
gonna be blogging throughout the night
much but look who I found ken look who I
found oh my God he's still alive he's
still here and I found him it's tony as
well Tony's Tony's a legend wherever the
meal so I'm not gonna blog much he's
gonna he want you to come to a pulp and
have fish and chips but we're not doing
that so having a nice meal relaxing as a
family and we really go get it wrong
what can you use a bit rustic and then I
would you just look a lot here we have
found a route talking to my
he went to my house with ben 10 10 is
jumping the dance moves getting some of
that you should've known and so does it
I don't know please got still I have no
idea what my darling
I
my salary's what are you doing done
god help us all we've lost it this is
why i prefer america because my internet
speed in the UK sucks and i was gonna
take forever to upload a live stream rip
but guys I am so sorry that the last two
days have not had vlogs I've had to like
compile all the clips from then vlogs
into one and I just really didn't vlog a
lock so I've been so damn busy I've been
for a camera so I haven't had time to
film what so ever bought hope you
enjoyed this vlog anyway the past two
days we're now cut back to daily
vlogging if we can because it was three
days of videos combined two one let's
try and hit 33333 like greetings so yeah
i'm gonna be playing a lot of zombies
hanging out with Luke here in the UK for
another day before it goes back tomorrow
and I will see you guys tomorrow my next
vlog so leave that like subscribe to see
more of my face I do try to upload daily
but sometimes shit happens I even did a
better job uploading whilst i was in
fucking russia so yeah just got the bear
agree i think it was the time zones more
than anything of working out went to
vlog but i'll see you guys tomorrow
goodbye
