well I just woke up from last night my
throat is so dry it's not even funny but
I am so sober right now because of the
mouth we both have like food my goodness
me t Martin is the whole mean look at
all these guns he's sending me to
basically lose but ladies and gents
comments like this just simply get
removed so don't bother a tutorial on
how to meet crazy bitches dinnertime
I've not eaten anything all day
Lucas brought us to son of a gun
Beverly Hills I'm just gonna let you
zoom in on this I love how this babe is
called the grains of truth grains of
truth that you're gonna get the folks
from it this is why America confuses me
because we're like oh yeah let's get
some stars brought our crisps actual
crisps as a star what what okay here
goes
delicious good time
a weird soft chicken but you know it's a
technical I gotta be honest this is why
you Americans even confused me more we
only eat Brussels sprouts
okay really Brussels sprouts but at
Christmas but instead I was kind of
December
Wow
something fishy is going on in these
toilets but look at the size of that
fucker Jesus these are all real pictures
of people we officially call oh my god
would you just look at that well I'm not
gonna lie that is a kind of a weird
poster to say the least
there is no way you guys gonna read this
book that says chopping potato vodka
potato vodka what the fuck is a weird
comedy girl it's gonna be only thing I
have in common but I'm playing this
story recently they put me in a like a
really nice hotel for this one gig and I
get up to my room and I open my laptop
they want me to pay $12 a day to have
internet in this nice hotel so when I
was down at the desk later I was like
hey you know this is supposed to be a
nice place why do I have to pay for the
internet and the lady at the desk was
like oh well you should know that the
Internet is free in our business center
and I said okay I suppose my next
question is can I jerk off in your
business DJ job that beat
I don't battle rap but if I did I do it
with brutality and heartlessness I'd be
bad to the bone and brave to my
opponents cave like the Roman slave
named Spartacus now if you don't know
the facts on Spartacus
I'd be delighted to provide you with the
partial list here's the history he's
from a place called race where Bulgaria
is today the Romans trained him as a
gladiator and he
grated it but he wasn't glad he wasn't
free he freakin hated it no question the
soap restoration wasn't destined just to
accept his fate man he made an s8 Ram
the plot succeeded then he was chosen by
the Bama slaves he brought to freedom
that's the boss and chieftain that they
thought should lead them as they fought
the Romans sent to would cost a me see
Jim waging war on the Verona region
Spartacus was the kiss of death the
whole lots of hostile legions of clods
and cretins around up with their paws
beaten a bunch of other body parts
chopped off and when they paid the high
cost of besom with Spartacus
we got tossed and mausoleums the Romans
ought to beat him
cuz the hogs weren't even but though
they had the greater numbers they could
not defeat him and I'm a humble hip-hop
comedian much less Mobb Deep's and joss
whedon are Buster Keaton but if I did
battle rap I go off the deep and commit
atrocities you would not believe it like
some impossibly colossal and hostile
demon scores earth nuclear holocaust I'm
seeing and it would be inspired by the
champion
goddamn man me and Spartacus two peas in
a pod
real talk no artifice I would throw my
foes down a dark abyss I'll be sucker
ass rappers who suck at raps they have
put them first up Spartacus really spell
Spartacus backwards then it suck at rap
strand picture it I don't know I did I
be as hard as Spartacus rappers give my
hind part a kiss I was saying the cool
thing about that guy who was the
stand-up comedian doing the rap is that
when I was lost at the other stand-up
comedy for place he did their a
performance there and he was really
really good and he actually did a
different act there than we did then so
it's nice to see some of the other
people however they really soaked I
don't know where the last clip left off
but either way I'm going back to my
apartment very casual day today and I'm
going home and seeing goodbye to my dad
before he goes back to UK all right
you leave tomorrow thanks for joining us
I hope you had a fun time beautiful he's
gonna miss you so was Mary till the next
job Ken guess what
guess what whoa
get back UCF yeah he knows I feel so
sorry for people working on laptops with
that mouse mouse keys so there's a bra
awesome electro just was like I had a
pair of headphones and a mouse I've ever
so long so you better get you
vlogs editing faster now you have a
piece of shit well I'm sorry I didn't
vlog that much after I and went out I
just kind of like went out and spoke to
friends and stuff like that and then
just came back and you really do much so
yeah
okay I was supposed to sneak in there
and he was fast asleep I was gonna go on
his ear but he woke up so shit
I literally couldn't even fathom how he
was fuckin asleep really rasp licker so
I'm talking like this so if you enjoyed
today's vlog however sure he was there
like rain subscribe and I guess I'll see
you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for my new
vlog until then goodbye Oh
alight
