man this is the pure vision of nothing
but holy crap it's so tired my eyes are
still good together face my table has
arrived apparently so I'm going
downstairs came a table for my apartment
yeah
it is time to start the day ladies and
gentlemen
helicopter time this man come on this
man in this one I so badly need is my
dolls right now I'm shaking the hundred
before we go and get a helicopter we got
about 10 minutes before we got to be
there the breakfast food of Champions
right here what the hell well we has
arrived at our destination what does
this button do
this is absolutely ridiculous you think
you've waited in line for lettuce in
your future budgets see these houses oh
my god
the others without
the best you
no wonder there when that must be good
oh good you look in the Hollywood side
nice box
quick
this way
we're in cities
in a helicopter tour de la is so
they are this was so damn good it's so
good I absolutely loved it cannot wait
to start learning in the new year it's
gonna be epic
I love now this is some crazy good
street art this kind of car park is
where it seemed you'd go at night to do
late night drifting oh my god that is
exactly what we need right now a goddamn
Christmas soon Oh
everything about that's what we need
that's exactly what we came for
so there's the red car pick this thing
tonight so we're gonna look super swanky
that we can just like take off what
these are afterwards but like that's
perfect so we're all gonna get one of
these each I'm thinking of getting this
one and then we'll be dressed smartly
but we'll turn up in the red carpet in
this bar by healable you know when you
give me an invite to go to a red carpet
event I'm gonna turn up in style this is
the way it is done Ricky this is the way
it's done shopping with Ricky is like
shopping with a woman waiting for ages
now Adele's playing them it's getting
emotional right this is how the squad
roll this is how the squad rules this is
absolutely perfect we made it everyone
loves the one we got the boys over here
we got hex it's going good you know this
is just gonna be good night I got to try
and get inside and see what it looks
like so we definitely are best dressed
here today that is a fact and no one can
ever take that away for us we'll never
forget that
so much money on this service this light
Oh No what's this turn it round
wait is it oh it just says mistletoe I
thought there's a picture mistletoe
oh the internet just exploded
m√°rio rebate
and
if this day couldn't get any better
we're here in our onesies homes into
cartoons move word Christmas ship we
jokingly said a fire at sack that's like
our 3 LS dress up Christmassy and we did
it right there was a little bit little
bit sliver calling yeah but we did it we
did it in style
oh he's got a food baby a little baby I
mean I'm gonna go watch Skrillex and
when he drops the bass I'm gonna drop my
food baby on the floor there's good
ideas and bad ideas and because there's
so many of us and we don't wanna fuck
around with how long it's gonna take to
order the food what we're doing is we're
doing credit card roulette so the way it
works is he's gonna put out the cards
and the last card where he has to pay
for all this food we just eat you Oh
so again as usual got super excited when
livers like those Ricardo's like yeah I
have to pay this I know you're the one
who's last
I like fuck sakes I'm paying for all of
it again absolutely smashing in this
thing 10 out of 10 with the best
Christmas time it's fucking awesome
Ricky put your onesie on be a man commit
we're coming we're going in in style as
well
I genuinely could have been proud of
this one people fucking love I
definitely go there best of all
and this is
well I'm not joking at a rave
I have lost my dad
I'll tell you what has been awesome
bullshit
I've nearly tripped over bin this is
awesome onesies nuts
it is a 110 percent well tonight was an
awesome night that we not do what we
meant to do in style we nailed it we
nailed it we went with our onesies and
we easily regardless of what anyone says
did we not walk away with Best Dressed
of the entire night you I got you guys
alike yeah the best people here who had
dancing our face stuff we were raving we
were with Skrillex dad went on the DJ
decks tonight was on a whole new level I
was like hey guys I'm gonna take you to
an event you're gonna watch Skrillex we
didn't just go watch Skrillex we went
next to Skrillex and then dad decided to
go and DJ on Skrillex his decks it was
perfect and I cannot wait for the next
time this is repeated so we made it back
after one of the best nights in history
like I cannot express how good it is but
I got my dad I got Ricky I've got
fucking five and we've had one hell of a
night so guys I'm wrapping up today's
vlog thank you very much for watching
let's get 50,000 like ratings for being
the most ultimate
squad goal ever yeah but makes you
subscribe to see you guys tomorrow 10:10
a.m. in LA or 6 p.m. UK time until next
time ok fuck yourself night
go fuck yourself go fuck yourself
