oh my god oh my god oh my god today is
the day the Diamond digger t-shirt is
released if you guys want to get one
right now original calm make sure you go
there links in description and pick
yourself up the ultimate shit Octopussy
oh all right I'm awake I woke up at 10
o'clock this morning so I'm actually
alright sleep schedule he's fixed
good morning Frank you filthy bastard
you scared the shit out of me last night
walked out the door
Ricky placed it there and I jumped dude
I jumped out my skin likes I open the
door like dead quietly and slowly to
sneak out and he was just there like you
can just go fuck yourself this is one
hell of an interesting breakfast I've
got going and I picked up the milk went
to pour the milk in the cereal box and I
was like too tired that was wrong that I
picked up the James and I went support
in my orange juice and was like okay
what is going on this morning time to
get Ricky back with a chillin scare
oh you didn't jump you shit suicide so
jumpers like I just picked up the
Jameson I went to put it in my orange
juice but it was milk and cereal
dude I had like six hours sleep last
night and I'm so tired a bit of sunshine
I must skiing guys I have to say this
right now today has been one of the best
days in video game and video critique
rotation video making days yeah well I
could have just gone with that rather
than video creation days but guys my
csgo unboxing video that comes out on
Friday this Friday coming up is amazing
it's the best csgo video I have made to
this day and it features one of the best
biggest giveaways you have ever ever
taken PI and so if you're looking
forward to it Friday 6 p.m. on my
channel hopefully it should be ready by
then that's like me telling you to be
somewhere and not sure if it's gonna be
ready but if it is then it's gonna be
epic you'll really enjoy it so 6 p.m.
Friday UK time get ready first up blow
yo minds
I have no idea the stats on this thing
but the camera on it is pretty fucking
good man it's like definitely over 1080p
so I might interested in to find out
whether it's 4k or not like look at that
you might be like what the hell is he
taking a picture of what it's actually
just zoomed into the couch what the fuck
well an even better day just got there
because I just randomly had like 10 keys
left from random cases so I opened it
and I got a stattrak Dragon King this
gun is worth like 20 British pounds so
that just paid for all my keys which is
awesome and yeah I didn't just get that
I went ahead and got myself an ak-47
cartel as well yeah oh my goodness I
decided to jump on csgo a lot oh and see
what's going on cuz Josh was on the side
I was there I asked oh and see how he's
doing
josh has got a $500 bet on an $800 pot
holy shit the bed
oh my god it's turn into $1,150 pot oh
my god this is it boys this is it please
just win please just win please just win
please just wear oh my god no what what
this guy just won $1,000 with an 8%
chance holy shit what the actual for
Cedric the brownie pepperoni riperoni
Matt - I didn't brush
well that is a lot of coke or I'm like
at the moment drinking two pounds a day
which is not good drinking one kind of
coke is not a good thing what happens if
you drink one kind of coke a day you go
from looking like this to looking like
this and by the way every time I fucking
walk in this room these two absolutely
petrifying because like as soon as they
spot him yeah absolutely look tell me
that doesn't look realistic look at it
it's horrible so as soon as I spot him I
thought might be look at her and I'm
like but at the same time if that's
gonna rock my teeth out that's gonna
kill my liver as a kid my dad gave me so
much shit about being filthy and not
tidy and stuff my apartment is beautiful
right maybe it's a little bit tiny and
I'm fine with that but they were so much
sand in my apartment from them going to
the beach in my black that time it could
have been you I don't leave the
apartment how was it me but if they
don't get this cleaned up by tomorrow
this banana is gonna be in their
orifices what the only reason that I
know the word orifices is from the Harry
Potter like you're a wizard Harry second
one is really no Hagrid not the children
the orifice is Allah I don't know I just
i watch weird SH on the internet anyway
I've done my videos of the day they're
all rendering they're uploading it's
time for beer to chill out and they go
up some food my dad oh and Ricky Ricky's
still here by the way Ricky's living
with me here in LA for like a month
yeah like a month before we both go back
to the UK together so it's gonna be good
but I love Ricky
in fact this is some behind the scenes
right now I missed one fuckin around
every day of adventure who the fuck are
you oh we got you bitch we got you I'm
just coming to the door I'm just a bit
frail hello how petrified do we got two
of them we got married we got filthy
sang because
come on Lucas appeared who's on his
mobile telephony devising of
communications
go fuck yourself like a monkey jail and
we also have a wild Kenneth on his
tablet risings of devices while I'm
playing some Coldplay music loudly my
man my man say hello to the daily vlog
my man you're gonna do this you'll bitch
oh that's how things just come together
it's been an amazing day now I find out
hex is in town for the video games
awards that we're going to tomorrow and
I've got a ticket for me my dad and
Ricky I'm gonna get ticket for Luke
which he should already have on book
we're all gonna go that tomorrow as well
and by the way warning right now
tomorrow's vlog is gonna consist of so
much drunkness like literally if I do
not black out drunk walk home
it was a failure of a night that's all
I'm saying video game reporters get
ready to report that shit oh man this
makes me so damn happy Christmas trees
shit well we're not going watching movie
we're waiting for Ken come on
we're going in here this is rock sugar
that's where you get the good food this
is where you get the door handles that
have little hands sticking out that look
like they're slowly p'tit lys squeezing
a nipple fact so whenever in companies
that say oh yeah my name is tom cassell
get ready for what this Ballmer name is
come on introducing blossom cashy
not even she said some down the phone to
me and she said I don't even know how
that works out daddy proud this is my
genuine face of disappointment right now
I just watched a brand new Batman vs
Superman trailer I've like been so
excited for this film forever
and the new two and a half minute
trailer just drugs you absolutely
awesome picked all of him and he just
got fucking ruined resid minja fucking
mutant turtle I'm so mad I was so good
but I love the Batman films over the
Superman films I cannot believe what
they do drops in that trailer it might
be good film but I'm sorry whoever made
that trailer you need fire oh I was just
about to say you totally just got locked
inside what are you doing with your
girlfriend kitchen alright
my inner child has come out no no just
give me a wedgie Jesus I'm stuck
well that was worth the whole five
minutes I tried doing that
that's good yo it's like the double
Commission look
hey Ricky Yousef I knew somebody you
know your buddy Ricky this is right now
the father you got a camera yes no I
realize it's fun playing upstairs from
sneaking through the employees always
session to trying to watch them play the
button like the door was open like what
the fuck is this I'm telling I'm filming
I am totally not meant to be back here
totally snuck in but I'm walking right
now he already got
so we went to get in the lift and which
one you use your shit yourselves because
that smell Oh someone just made the
whoop don't know isn't this guy you see
this guy right here your son here
laughing oh all driving out the cab hey
wait this guy - you'll get Hoover yeah
go fuck yourself fuck you hey shit
yeah keep driving it was literally just
shutting that pile is it in some is it
you for those windows live Ricky right I
say lucky if you fucking fart one more
time after walking out oh and little
kick y'all my house look you know so
Luke was like yeah we're just gonna go
to fucking barn I'm a trip I say go fuck
yourself and I was like fuck
matches
from the morning that was the worst ever
felt like I was a high school kid
laughing when it should be supposed well
there's me 350 in the morning we've got
a helicopter ride at 12 noon at Santa
Monica Airport so forget about the water
down me get to bed
