yep that's the Sun rising I really need
to stop doing this to myself I'm so
fucking tired with Luke yeah what the
fuck is beards gone
another double cheeseburger I'm so
fucking tired yeah about four hours
sleep
thank what the hell is going on in here
behind the scenes of awesomeness secret
Facebook stuff secret Facebook stuff
secret Facebook stuff I'm gonna link if
I've got the video I'm gonna link it
down below to show you guys what I'm
doing
Oh check this out face podcast I like
how you get fright just to fly I have to
walk straight in here okay Facebook this
is a pretty goddamn good snack bar got
goldfish you know this I actually
thought it was like a display of just
random stuff bought are you giving this
away I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna steal
this this is this is mine this is mine
no yeah you're done for oh my goodness
me and vaana's have just worked together
and doing some awesome yeah 360 video
what the fuck well my house is in the
zone right now and hopefully enjoys it
experience we put link down the
description to why I just did this right
this is the 360 video about just films
if I'm moving my phone around like this
look at that you can like which I check
others you can play it press play and
you can scroll around it to 360 view it
or if you want to be a badass and go
like this and look down around I'm
looking around the room we were just in
the early I'm basically in a virtual
world right now this is so fucking cool
I totally want to sneak into that right
now still I want to open that I'm gonna
open everything that is inside that and
then steal that car for my house Honda
boys found it found it 420 blaze it 420
420 blaze look at this point will you
blaze it oh we gotta fight against 1
buddy buddy buddy boys why is it blaze
it boys Thunder blaze it blaze it 420
blaze it I don't even smoke wheat so I
don't know why I always say 420 blaze
it's just to ship it into
thing I think goodbye here in my garage
I got two cans of coke do you want to
know how I got two cans of coke Mary oh
it's so nice to have a sofa and just go
over here like this leaning over press
this button and extend mo expelliarmus
the sofa so now well this like a bed so
someone could sleep here someone could
sleep along there and some Casilla know
so this can actually feature three
people so basically now I'm signing all
the stuff of the press do people who
donate to charity like swords and
posters and cool shit like that so if
you actually donated towards that cause
we're working on getting your stuff
started out to you and I'll be doing a
the Instagram video saying thank you and
the Twitter videos thing saying thank
you very soon so prepare your faces for
this I'm about halfway through right now
and it's looking fine I mean look doing
some epic teamwork right here my friend
this shit it's the last one are you
ready
Cindy okay smiley face whoever that is
I'm gonna put a smiley face on his cheek
so you know that this was the one in the
video all right there it is there's our
done with it
yeah yeah we told me I've got a package
to open you said me and baby yeah what
we got Nvidia shield what Oh table
kickover
Nvidia shield eight inch tablet I got
let me have it
oh where is it oh there it is Nvidia
shield tablet k1 the ultimate tablet for
gamers I am a oh sure broken Oh lavish
you gonna use it as a defensive weapon
from the protesting Mary in the corner
behind me ring gifts you hit myself good
David veteran can even look at this car
mate you're gonna be sad to see it go
and you really glad you like it oh my
god we found it mary has got a boyfriend
do guys even fuck dude that's even
creepier so not only did we get Mary a
friend while I look at my dad's t-shirt
well Ricky took a massive shit block the
toilets so gonna get some Drano I am
back buying even more hair gel for my
hair
I gotta get stuff let's color protect
and then mix it with my hair dye to make
it even Greg cuz it's going like lighter
and lighter so I got make it darker so I
have no idea which one to get the
beautiful Sun on just this just made my
yeah that's it all 2015 complete because
America has Caprio Sun now if they had
lucozade that would be even better
we've got in the name we've decided is
called filthy Frank scratch scratch the
back story behind Frank is that he lost
his wife okay so you're angry attacked a
man became homeless broke a chandelier
and now he's an alcoholic and we're
about to take him into reuniting with
his wife the adventures of Frank now I'm
not an alcoholic
but I am getting the biggest bottle of
Jameson I could find $40 it's frickin
well cheap here
well at least for British at least were
used to queuing in that right the bay is
real but I know it does actually look
like it's kind of like an old all the
man it's kind of scary hey check this
out hey pride
yeah filthy fucker
yeah rich pop pennyboard y'all fucking
sweet I need to get one of these to get
to the shop quicker at the same time I
could just get a booster board just
fucking fly over 25 miles per hour I
always die on these things like I said I
always die on these things like what do
I do respond the next fucking day kid
Frank the Sophie bust it lay his eyes
upon Mary oh my god anti-boy gonna jump
in this unit and go meet up with Sark
vanos a wildcat and Louie to hang out
with them I'm already an hour late
because I was with my dad and Ricky and
gonna go meet with them and cause I'm
late I'm ordering like 10 pizzas for us
to eat so hopefully I get there in time
and they're all still there watching a
movie can you describe it to us what
does it
that was the best worst film I've ever
seen in my life I fucking feel like
burning my eyes out after watching that
luckily my blog today so soon as though
it's like 1 o'clock in the morning I was
gonna go inside a place on be videos but
I've decided against that
gonna go in get the rest of my vlog
edited get it up and go to bed and get
an early night sleep wake up at like 10
a.m. and get my videos done in the
morning finally gonna fix my sleep
schedule I think oh it's 2:30 in the
morning why am I still awake but ladies
and gentlemen take a look at this sexual
nough single one of these knives is
being given away on Twitter if you want
a chance to be able to win it go and
follow csgo whoa and then I'll show you
right now there is more ways to enter
every single day to win yourself in that
fight right now this is being given away
look at that god damn good night
slaughter I would do anything for a
knife I still only have two knives in my
inventory whatsoever and they're two
knives that I unboxed okay so I'm gonna
hopefully try and enter to win one of
these every single day basically super
super simple
full csgo Watteau on twitter I'll put a
link down in description
and every single day they're gonna tweet
out the new giveaway so basically you
know daily not giveaway this is what it
is you can retweet and follow them to
enter but if you click this link here it
will take you on on board to this
giveaway promotional wing the
promotional link basically it just gives
you more ways to enter so if you
following them that's what enter a
retweet that's what entry for them on
Steam that's an entry and then if you go
to the website and check out that's
another entry so I have four entries and
in 8 hours I'll find out whether or not
when you'll get an email letting you
know that you have entered so if you
want to be able to win one of these
amazing looking knives right here right
now then you can won every single day of
December up until Christmas is being
given away so go and claim your prize is
and enter to win
riki but thank you very much for
watching guys hope you enjoyed the video
if you did make sure you click that like
button lets me know you enjoyed the
video and your face is like my daily
vlogs and subscribe for a new daily vlog
every single day 6 p.m. UK time or 10
a.m. if you're in California if you're
anywhere else other than California
I haven't yet worked out the timezone so
until then thanks watching and good bye
