everything about this is now okay I've
got woke up by Ricky cuz he brought
there in the room and that was playing
music shoot asleep I'm gonna take guess
that's viral um here comes the noise
boys here comes the noise but back well
goddamn that was one hell of an alarm
clock apparently it was nothing just
triggered someone might burn some food
obviously I've been smoking some other
and they string it off so well I didn't
set my alarm so again it was a good
alarm clock and hello hello shit
super weird thing about that was that
last night I was like walking into my
bathroom and I was like man it smells
like kind of like small burning or smoke
smaller maybe someones just cooking
downstairs whatever and then I actually
had the thought of man I fucking love
this apartment I love that I've got my
soul for I've got like everything I got
all my might you know my setup to him
I'm Magister building we set on fire and
burnt down and I lost it honour to
restart that would fucking suck and then
this morning the fire alarm goes off oh
my god is when you know you play too
much yes girl I'm shopping for kitchen
knives and I just saw these and was like
and it looked pretty good you know csgo
so I'm just like no hirabai apartment
sofa was convicted Steadman breakfast on
it it's so nice to have somewhere to sit
over then my office to eat and I just
chill out because uh yeah I was like a
harmonic tune and today selection will
be hmm oh yeah we're going with a broom
a llama crew Mahna Mahna Mahna broom
album and it's a llama clearly not an
Illuminati instead swag swagg mother
Takashi
sexy bris pretty simple two videos a day
gonna try it for like the month of
December we'll see how things go if I
don't like it then go fuck yourself just
thought I'd let you guys know cuz I'm
gonna record some fun some videos never
oh I like trains I've had like six hours
sleeping I've got so much energy what
the fuck zombie videos finish what do
you think Homer are you in a Zen mode
are you in the fucking are you in the
you in the Zen atmosphere of worlds
right now look at him sound sound of
donut just doesn't care by the way guys
this is from loot crate like 90% of the
swag around my well actually this this
is the only knife Center swipe thing
that had right now from loot crate but
if you guys want to sign up the loot
crate there's a link down in description
use the code syndicate gets up 10% after
swaggy loot crate I just leave a box
somewhere well screw that inside this
box is more boxes containing boxes of
loot crate I was gonna get out and show
you but it's just too far oh my god this
is why I upload like half normal videos
rather than like one hour long videos
because this but why is gonna take - I
was - rendered Jesus this makes me not
happy syndicate that's what I'm saying
and tonight I'm going to film premiere
of her friend's film so that should be
awesome to go and check out I'm taking
my dad and Ricky with me so fingers
crossed gonna go break this new awaits
this song is absolutely it's not races
is it this is totally cool place shit
take to this go play song is really good
it's like a music meteorite with monkeys
dancing singing and stuff for I looked
outside and it is it's pitch black
outside it's only five o'clock so I'm
expecting like Ricky and my dad to come
back anytime soon because we're gonna be
going to a movie tonight so that should
be pretty sweet
I have no idea why but I cannot stop
splitting my lip right there oh so he
can't see I cannot stop split my lip
there it always rips open and I'm not
too sure why I'm not doing anything
purposely it's just like I'll be talking
dude a video and also not just Felix
listen I know it looks like crap but
it's actually one of the best suits you
can ever have you ever one good soup
Campbell's cream chicken soup I didn't
read any of that right one it's not
cream and two it's chicken noodle soup
instead
but this is what we're gonna eat before
ken K told me I've had like the least
sleep I've had today in like the past
couple days cuz the alarm went off all
that shit but then I just woke up and I
wasn't tired maybe I just need to wake
myself up with a louder alarm that
scares the shit out of me
every day
I love this song so good Coldplay is it
called advocated by any chance I
actually don't know food time are you
reading oh my god is exploded and holy
shit it's put it everywhere
well I decide to eat hot soup what do
you drink or eat shit why do I decide to
have soup when I have a caught in my lip
that every time I put the spoon there to
drink it's gonna hurt shit
positive no I've got tea and I've got
sugar so it's time for team oh yeah this
is what I'm going to see in that room so
so Jason so I can go find him rabbi go
inside film time my dad misses out get
rekt Ken get red Ricky but I'm making my
way to the special event I have no idea
where Luke's gone shit just got done
watching you ready let it focus that
focus that bathroom is honestly it was
so good like really really proud of all
my homies from reckless get involved
with it Jason did an amazing job they
act as well awesome comes out tomorrow
on iTunes watch the trailer see what you
think of it and if you do like it trust
me I always give up honest reviews it
was fuckin brilliant if you download it
if you want to I'll put a link down
below go enjoy two years ago I met this
guy's a magician doing more magic go
blow is mine
I know right
what okay which way is it pointing that
way though that way did you just say
that way no way like this
okay was it
absolutely additions you see the massive
spider Mountain
no way
city can't see the cards right
lizard shit I know how to win hey put
that magicians face book down in the
description so if you want to check him
out
go check him out tell them I sent you
and say it wasn't look who I found look
like fucking found it we might have seen
some magic outside but guess what I've
got my own magic inside the floating
tell you what stand-up comedy was
awesome but that fucking Hagler was
drunk as fuck like all over the place
falling over the tables giving the comic
shit but nonetheless comic was awesome
the rest of the show was awesome so I
had a blast can I hit music being played
I think I can anyway I'm heading home
Luke's got some some gifts for me from
Nvidia so look forward to get my hands
on this and I'm going I love you too
voice this is that you YouTube box
the YouTube bus it's so prim and so
proper and then as soon as we go to Ken
Ken just says I key I team get fuck
yourself okay Tim you can go fuck
yourself Ricky I'll leave you with my
dad for a day and I come back any other
network
I just cannot take you seriously not the
same as how can you just not do this
right now please Ken all education so
how does it make you feel that you made
me all educational from you Ken Ken
you know not an apple it's time to get
Ricky back I'm gonna scare him with his
own his own trick how you ready Mary are
you ready
it's just a prank bro it's just a prank
I've seen this guy's videos on Facebook
absolutely everywhere a lot of them are
really funny but this one he did like a
fucking dancing video was so fucking
good I shared up my Facebook page I
often share quite a lot of shit on the
Facebook page but it's so damn good and
I decided to share it what's fuckin dope
is that the guy like insta replied he
said I've watched your videos for five
years this is very cool to see that is
so goddamn awesome to see and respond I
caught a legend good man boys the grind
is real 4:30 5:00 in the morning finally
just got done with a vlog me and Ricky
Ervin's is it's like midnight editing
our tits off so if you've ever wanted to
ask like what's it like being a youtuber
awesome fucking 99% of the day until you
get to the last bit where you have to
edit all your fucking clips together and
then you want to shoot yourself in the
penis I see 9000 comments saying a rare
Pepe has appeared and make sure you all
subscribe I said I want you to say a
rare Pepe has appeared and he's
subscribed to syndicate central who
uploads 6 p.m. every single day if you
if we can get 9,000 comments saying that
I'll be impressed but I will see you
guys tomorrow 6 p.m. for a new daily
vlog and until then thanks for watching
I love you guys faces and go fuck
yourselves
