today we are watching a building being
built what the hell I don't even know
what's going on boy I do must thank you
too lucrative sponsoring this video use
a link down below you get to use a code
Cindy cure lucrative so syndicate you
get sub temp sent off get yourself your
own weed crates or one-day box by box
you could build one of these yeah
day two three in New York got my fucking
Locker Michael Giacchino checked out at
the Marriott good hotel nice trip time
to begin the day and go meet up with the
homie who won the trip out to New York
to hang out with me let's go find him oh
there he is a budget for one day walk on
yeah look at that walk out that just
gonna show you guys I'm gonna throw you
in the vlog as he runs away real quick
these guys just tell them what you guys
are doing here in New York we build
solar car or experimental cars and
they're charged off run out of battery
power yeah like I just randomly bumped
into in the museum so they all said
highs are just put you on the spot here
walking but I'm gonna go and steal their
solar power cast so hopefully they'll
make awesome pile of log when you'll be
thinking about Bain they don't text ya
web a don't text you back oh my god
would you just look at that oh it's so
majestic look at this guy are you really
what about this guy he trying so hard
yeah America we're walking around a
museum talking about random stuff it's
been so good but the problem is the
problem is there is just tips everywhere
oh my gosh
with so much money I look at them
nipples oh oh do you sing oh my god oh
yeah see for this look I should I let it
down here ozone alright everyone smile
elevator picture got it ya know the
weather is awful which means it's too
when you become a helicopter
fingers crossed fingers fingers crossed
it happens because we need to make sure
this guy gets a helicopter with us to
but it's very terribly windy right now
yeah man stop this right now
when I get on a helicopter well met met
daily fun see you later there are you
well this is a bit toasty to say the
least and we just lost Luke
we totally I'm so just we just got in
the cab grip crazy fact I'm with Tom see
that apartment building their top for
cost forty million dollars because it's
overlooking Central Park well you should
all recognize this from my last vlog
last I was here I was set on that then
kill there outside Starbucks I bumped
into you fun
I got a microphone there which is got
needle stabbed into the homeless guy
that's why I said sorry watch it on this
guy hey what's up I'm sorry I got always
I'm not sure what it is what everyone in
New York has an obsession with dumb art
working statues with massive shoes
Oh what is this well c'mon in thank you
thank you whoa well what a him what is
this
this is awesome I'm a fan of this so
then people that bumped into with a car
actually bright round to the front of
where right now so we're gonna check it
out and see a solar-powered car oh my
goodness
this is insane this is you guys yeah
what's it called what's the nickname Wow
we don't have a nickname dude give it
wow that is absolutely and this has a
license-plate insurance so is road legal
yeah when we get back I'm gonna drive it
around really yeah
st. Paul Minnesota and crazy I was like
these kids I would all like they should
all go and make one and have one each
I'll take a national drag-racing
National Geographic has been great bring
this out oh this a boat you got out on
the Shred yeah well so honestly yeah
shouts ashore right and then what's it
like the footless football school name
everything what is it st. Thomas Academy
st. Thomas Academy
yeah well now st. Paul Minnesota okay
well keep on doing great jumping thank
you very much we do need to get in the
car
thank you okay John would be awesome if
I ever came up to that you've got that
place and checked out where you guys
built it would love to have got her to
be so awesome what we'll put you up yeah
that'd be great all right there we go we
have Andrew some carbon fiber with us
yeah
all right let's go that is why I
absolutely love my audience you guys are
capable of such epic things Tom as me
playing video games like as a hobby and
then these guys and then these guys
instead of making cars
perfect you guys inspire me every day to
do more cool shit
these guys right here yeah love them oh
it's time awesome helicopters I think
you might have saw that helicopter in
the background first that's a police
helicopter GTA GTA real life well this
is one way to do it you ready for
adventure you're not even coming with us
you look like a badass on the back of a
cart right now everyone else warped or
some reason we were like there's a cart
that you can set you like you go to the
airport you see these drive pass you
always want to go on them and but no the
idiots went on fort is that
- man let's get ready let's get ready
second side of the helicopter within a
week
I was on the edge
good time
how is but how is my hair still right
I was the that will make that but yeah
II think I was going to blow out so far
I was going to fall out
now I can see your legs
which are alleged and this guy
good I'm a part of using the computer
here at the air like the helicopter
place and the first thing when I put in
YouTube to log into my YouTube is Casey
Neistat ha ha finally got today's vlog
up thank you so much you guys
honestly best company I have ever worked
with that like one got me in there and
two got me my vlog up as well so thank
you so much oh my gosh so tired but
we're heading now to the mat to go meet
with a few of you guys tweeted out that
if anyone's in New York wants me toes
we're gonna go and do some a little meet
and greets for a little bit and go get
some food because we are starving so
damn high so we made it suits the Kretz
all that I just decided to get not so
good just got some gifts but look at all
these people
oh it's awesome and Soviets me team I
like we're gonna be here for a while
oh just was a must have think Theresa
and George Anna came all the way from
England not just it tell me if that
would have been an amazingly impressive
book they really gave me four balls of
lucozade so thank you I'm going to
survive forever
yes legends class head by the way Wow
dad just went to send you this video
would you just look yeah Dec thanks for
joining us but Dec do one thing deck
boss it's only 2000 of shirts in the
world cynic original father way and your
hoodie is absolutely awesome but
honestly you're awesome I really like
your dad is a cool guy goodbye well it's
got dark guys honestly thank you all for
being super cool this guy just gave me
like a bug here yeah I'm gonna take up
good take that back to my new apartment
la so thank you very honest are you guys
as well balanced down so we've got to go
in this guy's well we're going we're
going getting drunk goodbye thank you
very much we can we say bye guys all
right
I just got asked by this job right now
and he was like oh you all this way
Germany Doctor Who swag Oh does he's a
Time Lord
I am impressive colleagues at the
commander oh really
food time up in the hills out the boys
13 I think we're just gonna have like
some statement steakhouse of fantasy and
shit and that's our star that's us that
it's just a sign of what's to come so
cheers good show churches theater nice
relaxed time and I'm going to show you a
wall of penises it's a one-on-one
fighting penis it starts off rounded and
then it gets to point feel right look in
it grow is really don't even know I
don't know
revive steak on the bone that's how mom
hostage oh dude what's this thing
milkshake with doughnuts holy fucking
shit decision credible came outside and
look captain sparkles is here were
surprised dude we're gonna budget that I
go thank you very much for donating
sorry it's all gonna go for a good cause
gonna find out why Vince Mauro show
goodbye
I can't I'm square square looking for a
cab man my good land being Trevor
staying in a different hotel tonight and
I'm not gonna feel like we just walked
through the crystal fucking mace alright
as I always do a hotel to tour review to
return review welcome to the standard in
New York which is like the hipsters
hotel we have two nice silky robes we
have an umbrella and spare tire oh this
is the bathroom
better decoration and tea - if you can
hear us I guess not a nice bathtub
really weird what's inside here this is
where you lot kick it there's a fucking
toilet in here without me extends tile
in here
Oh - OH - Conant alright and then we got
inside this looks like it fell out like
the 14th century
nice whoa super super tricky you can see
through to the bathroom and that's
pretty cool and then let's have a look
for views well I'm looking at building
being built with a not know much really
to look at but other than that it's a
nice room
I give the decorations and in total
everything I give it give it a six and a
half out of ten which is a good score
and then for bed oh oh yeah oh yeah yeah
this hotel gets a seven a half out of
ten
yep seven and a half out of ten bitches
very nice
I'm a fun this is good let's go I don't
I don't have a belt so my pants are just
gonna fall down alright but other than
that seven a half out of ten standard in
New York great
even the elevator is tripping me the
fuck out as soon as
he's slapping a new I don't know I don't
know how you guys stayin at the hipster
fucking Hotel Jesus ticking Christ and
come out on by me and T my three fucking
drinks 169 dick in dollars taking a piss
hold on fuckin on gonna pick on another
fucking helicopter ride for that much
Jesus Christ oh we got another trade
boys cheers to a successful day
absolutely one
oh I like how you guys are so much
fucking Ptolemy China Louisville I'm in
China
what's now
China and that's how they leave us
goodbye
our friends goodbye the people yeah
Pacquiao's we goodbye so just down to me
and Timur and I've been drinking this
beer for the last five minutes
that's not your beer the same time I was
drinking this I've been drinking to me
three beers brushes we walk for the past
five minutes down to me and the six foot
giant you're not even that tall anymore
I'm not I met I met someone tonight you
six foot eight I'm average
you're just a midget a great way 110
percent agreed not gonna lie totally
okay with people see me naked bought
this hotel room got a 7.5 out late off
me because I thought there was curtains
we're gonna walk over here there's two
kinds of cones please tell me that okay
all right okay okay so maybe I didn't
realize there's a blind cone I was
actually about to go to bed thinking
there was just a net okay I thought
there wasn't cones and I realized there
was so go fuck yourselves I what I
worked out the highway anyway I'm go to
bed
today's big good night mean team I've
hung out all nights like 3 o'clock in
the morning I've gotta go to bed I have
to be awake at 6 o'clock in the morning
through our sleep fuck but either way
I'm going to bed
look after yourselves stay awesome if
you enjoy the videos make sure you leave
a like rating subscribe and I will see
you tomorrow late as usual because I'm
really good at doing that shit because
I'm not responsible at all bye
