good morning world and welcome your
faces to day kind of to happy being in
New York I'm slept a little bit so I'm a
little tired QT care today but I cut my
lip again shit all right
G it is Hayes Hayes you fuck you see us
are doing secret shit all day what's
this it's a microphone what's this it's
a team are Emma this scary guy and this
is umbrella holder and there's camera
game to rain like rain Thomas it's like
growing the dollar for oh well yeah this
is this is us getting on the New York
underground on the Metro for the first
time ever 42nd Street what were we found
like a market for this crap just hanging
out interesting interesting interesting
as we're filming with all this Mohammed
just sat surahs walk across the street
with all a camera crew was like could I
take a picture so I said no go fuck
yourself well now we're going to vid
game land and you'll have to find out
what happens in that in this secret
video we're about to film this guy
that's if we're allowed in fingers
crossed
ah there we go there we go did you put
in there your phone your photo so much
fun dude no what the hell is this thing
doing bucket yeah ah dammit we decided
to buy the entire damn restful what the
hell dude oh yeah it was like yeah keep
going keep going
that's a chicken spork I tried eat it
look at that you just dis you get that
yep shake on it just to shake it on it
don't play with your food
how could I not play with it it's a
goddamn chicken dope oh yeah get a
hundred million views on the vlogging
channel what is going on my voice - I
got the vlog up only a whopping 34
minutes late today
Oh probably oh what a miserable day it
is to be in New York draw a dick choking
what oh you saw that with Judy's air
pollution looks kind of creepy but let's
go on inside and see what we got this is
just so where this is a real skeleton of
a baby like an unborn baby oh my gosh
what the hell is going on okay then this
is just great is one of their as well
she's petrifying
let's go and then look
two-headed two-headed goat know why
the next rounds the whales that is
pretty damn scary I love Howard Trevor
out of everything in here we like
looking at like well you're like babies
Lions of trying to just mentions that
this guy is not just a must look at the
size of his schlong the tripod well
we're pigs chicken feet in a restaurant
and then we just ate crickets which one
worse superable and you'll see on this
video that we produce and whilst we were
eating it a fun wall pine was like
syndicate just as I at it so is that
like almost choking and throwing up with
this fun staring at me doing it so yeah
don't advise it they were bacon and
cheese flavored I was expecting all
again up to maybe maybe I wanted to have
I reckon it was chalky I've still got it
in my teeth it's this good attack yeah
I'll give it a while I'll give it one it
was really bad at radar Kista I don't
even like I don't even like eating like
stuff like strawberries so why I decided
to do that - crickets down oh damn like
our movie this is literally the one that
you get told to climb inside to get free
candy that is all I am saying sister
Angela shit it's all for weather oh my
days
finally did it after all this time all
this God duck this is how you break an
iPhone as well after all this time we
finally met Casey well I always go and
take over but you get in and I'm gonna
make it snappy lagers why do you think
we live our life we just look like such
tourists all the time oh come on Sean
shows the trick you got this despite so
disquiet of other camera crews life is
going on with these guys have we been
introduced to what is this what is this
a present I have for you well I asked
for the president I met you and you got
it around 1:00 show the world what I
asked for anything that could ask from
Casey's office ask for $2 bill signed by
himself this is probably a terrible idea
but already Casey's in control of my
life already already followed up it I
kind of like enter but it's really
motherfucking I come here for the first
time he tries it kills me yes this is
why you okay see you wait what I eat you
ready sharp next time I need your own
I'll ask you a question do I do that
gonna have to leave this man to do his
own thing but Casey it's been an
absolute pleasure kid in his mid fucking
thing and Shawn it's been a pleasure as
well - I like it thank you so much for
letting us invade your space as always
hopefully I like the vlog in your phone
but if you cleaned your lens just a
little bit oh god no just a little Casey
has found out a way to see the world at
every given moment with the Bema on TV
my god so we're seeing North Carolina
California and then whereabouts down
here to run and we just showed you with
a tractor by the way this is not our guy
so this is like super secret magazines
absolutely love the fact that when you
go into this camera shop because it's
like next door to the offices like all
cases loads are played on this TV all
day every day like non-stop fucking
brilliant
well this camera shelf has got
absolutely everything look how many
cameras around upward like hell free you
this pizza place Joe's pizza was friggin
epic out of ten nine and a half I was
going out to take not a hot year good so
you dine at night and I got a half
there's always room for improvement but
that one fucking solve them every New
York Joe's pizza make sure you know that
the hell is going on what
Trevor
see mine
you're gangers are
what is this shit you're killing those
absolutely
why is it will be like a potato oh we
have to get you all the pressure all the
pressure
you to help us know so much
get back yourselves fuck you Sam
drink it all right they played and they
lost my turn with the homie over where
oh we are now downtown Chinatown which
is where we were coincident yeah I
really took a beer bong for the record
so see this is not going well at all
pay attention we're down to our last
cook and they have seven six seven left
seven left this is not negotiable
never hell did you just do he tried to
knock the ball all the way number one
two and three drinks what the I don't
even know Jesus Christ this place is so
damn busy
right look at Tuesday night in New York
oh yeah yeah that was a really really
awesome uh have fun
oh is this us we drive it in stop but
damn it stinks a weed I am gonna kick
his ass on csgo low calm right now is
how it's going down how much reckon I'm
gonna take off him just I say shout out
to Willie cuz Willie's gonna watch this
and with a busboy oh well I guess what
good little what boy
okay so we're saying goodbye to the
others and we're balanced now today were
gonna having a bit fun but we will be
back later on mmm sexy I got that one in
Ireland it's going down it is going down
I got my laptop with taking down to
lobby and I'm gonna take every single
penny team up brings the tables let's go
if I lose my knife the shite knife which
is technically worth $3,000 but in the
financial terms is worth $100 if he
takes off me there might be a real-life
fight going on between the two of us as
I'm saying hey is that for the record
for the history books for absolutely
everything in anything there's a ginger
in the books for I go to bed any of that
thank you very much for watching Lou you
guys face is basically lighting like
great in a light lighting rating like
rain subscribe I'll see you guys then
and hopefully we'll be rocking around
tomorrow helicopters meeting up with fun
who won the competition and all cool
shit so I'm getting the shower and go to
bed so goodbye
