morning will today is a better day
because I'm not feeling tired and shitty
and there but I have up something I'm
doing today
and I can't tell you what it is Oh
secrets there is so much motif with the
normal to pester brush don't damn it
well I just got this thing for Kluber
that's right Boober hello my overlay my
over the fuck yourself fuck yeah as
usual was stuck in traffic again god
dammit Hank why alright we're letting
the adventure begin I just got picked up
by this rascal Willy god damn Rex the
sexy Spanish motherfucker in the world
and his good friend over here he's also
good you know good luck his vanished
dude bought Willy Rex text me yesterday
was like Tom do you want to go skydiving
and I was like fuck yeah so we're going
skydiving in this beautiful car
I like that all these cars here look how
straight the park to this empty empty
car park and Willy decided to park ten
out of ten no one will notice so
straight so straight let's get ready
let's get ready let's get ready to
rumble
this place has like restaurant pools to
chill out in when you're doing the
training and I got these two Spanish
homies and this is where we're going
it's kind of stuffy we're filling in
these waivers and I just filled him I
totally just signed my life away and
regret everything that immediately
Pro HD video available or one potato and
hotel ones with Pro building heads and
tails its head we're doing this you want
to be tails
so his head I get pro sales you would
have this place is gonna help hot
casually looking around the room and
boom says a grenade is definitely really
being really wrecks what jet ski you
broke a jet skis the record alright and
Miley Cyrus was that and now else we're
check it out here she's there again I
going to make this going like disappear
yeah yep is it on that was great really
it looks really good news update
awesomeness has just happened I'm
filming Ross walking so Tyler here this
is totally um so you know I was saying
about me filming in a potato vision
because he won the pro what kind well
they came back and told us that they've
got another one available and this man
has been awesome enough to let me take
it so hopefully we have a really good
non potato filming video shoot out will
erect a nice Spanish funds so they're
calling Willy buck inside what they say
they can yes yes so we all get it filmed
in non potato mode which is great
yeah it's gonna be over boy we are
playing there be it I'm gonna look kinda
cozy in this thing look how tight that
is around the crotch region oh my god
this is gonna turn me into a female whoo
look at that well yeah
this is cozy change your plan I decided
to do this in my boxer shorts because
why not
palm what's up man what are you doing no
that's my let's go throw myself out with
plain Y ax I'm crazy you're crazy yeah I
got a death wish and absolutely totally
oh boy a death wish does Annie know that
uh no let's just not tell him not like
put myself in freefall and he's gonna
try and catch me okay oh and this will
all be documented so you've done all the
paperwork about through the training
ready to do this yeah it's already late
I'm doing it oh really what are you jump
before England Vegas and now all right
so what you want to tell your family a
French horn here enjoy this
everybody's watching you're all legends
I just felt like doing this last tee
shot make the most of it let's go have
some fucking fun
there you go buddy I bet you look
outside yet
we're not hiding them in Ohio we nearly
$6
about halfway yeah how much I'm not
Sofia
I'm diggin rapist yeah like this on a
job where my you buy her a ticket so say
Oh
my
you know that
this job makes you go and would you love
Oh
absolutely awesome actually
I went first and I was the second one
down so we got so much time in the air
so I incredible my goggles at one point
would actually like tulips light there I
can't see anything so I just like
adjusted I'm ended up just taking off
like that but honestly it was so good to
do shoutouts this guy that said if you
guys are an ally definitely make sure
you come here and do it it was so good
next time we're doing it we're gonna be
doing lessons and then it's gonna be
funny
no more strap to talk to and I want to
be on my own I'm looking on myself ah I
don't want to just learn to squirrel so
I admit there you go congratulations we
did it we landed a no I'm not wearing
lipstick I'm bleeding it looks so
terrible but like that's not bleeding my
lip this split and it's blood everywhere
so I look like at a fucking fight with
someone either way it was fucking epic
skydive Perris so awesome absolutely
wicked really wrecks enjoy it yep enjoy
it you sir and the man of the hour the
man of the hour
thank you so my photographer guy said
basically that he didn't get much of you
on camera he's gonna give me a bit of a
refund so I kind of served well
nonetheless we're gonna enjoy the
footage that we have and hopefully Alex
my dude got loads of really good hand
cam ones but I don't know what can you
do shit happens so luckily some of the
footage is salvaged but third time
skydiving the first time it looked like
a potato the second time might look like
a potato like non HD camera and the
third time we get it on a HD camera and
I'm not in the shot at all but it's a
few cookies that managed to salvage but
just look at this sunset look incredible
so fucking nice so as I'm talking about
just doing skydive and stuff I'm like
these three guys who just stood up here
like doing here turns out they saw me
posed to fit a picture not a picture
solid was the picture of me like
skydiving here so they skated on over
and came to say hello so what what
pleasure to meet you all that is
honestly an amazing view of dead wow
that is the moon rising above the
mountains that is epic in crew so like
the moon is fully risen above the
mountain now
and it just looks in things it looks
like it like you just say looks like the
sun's rising that is so trippy it's
beautiful well he gave me the key so I'm
going to go and have a bit of a play
yeah and that is the Sun and this is my
car they hope they don't break
here in my garage I'm in a garage also
known as a Maserati
listen guys I know you like a
convertible but can you put the windows
up it's off fucking oh we're going
through the photos of that is quite
possibly the best photo from I've ever
seen of a skydiver what is it about
three babies out I look tired because I
just fell asleep in the back of a
fucking Maserati how the hell do you
fuck ah it crushed
how the hell did you fall asleep at the
back of a Maserati how wild the engine
sounds I don't know either way was
actually a really comfy seats Bucky ever
so comfy and so cozy Willy
do you care to explain whose these
glasses are I look like have you seen
Charlie in the Chocolate Factory
it looked like a bit like him
you guys should remember this from GTA
if you go down that way I don't know
where it leads for not if the hotel
beautiful such a beast I think it's the
nicest sounding car in existence this
place such good food look at these
potato fry oh yeah well that's all I got
out of that look at this this is a crab
cocktail with dry ice and anything that
is character choice for what Carlos we
good tonight
skydiving never got lobster over here
got lobster over here they're nice we've
got a lobster over here cheers boys once
again mmm food was amazing wubbster some
dove tell us who shared an experience
Korea mister unmoving he's leaving La I
cry every time it's telling me that the
trash is kind of full nothing for me is
ever simple so I just got back and I'm
editing today's vlog I'm like yeah it
sounds put all together should be really
easy but no Willy Rex got my thumbnail
and I got here so he basically uploaded
each other's footage just downloaded it
and tracked for a marathon and it says
the footage is not compatible so I got
to do its finish this vlog now upload it
to youtube download it off youtube add
these file clips whilst watching The
Walking Dead and not getting too
distracted download these files add them
files to it once them files are added to
it then I can reload it from my phone or
from my computer to youtube I have a
daily finish vlog done so yeah well
ladies and gentlemen it is actually half
plus one I'm going to bed hope you've
enjoyed today if you have leave a like
claim subscribe to see more on my face
every day 6 p.m. I tried to order myself
drunk hungover or just dead ok so make
sure you do that and I'm going to try
and see can we smash 50,000 like rains
and I'll say this if we can hit 50,000
like rains I'm gonna do a syndicate
regional t-shirt giveaway just because
you guys have been showing so much
support I want to see how powerful you
guys are and if we can do it boy
tomorrow we're going to New York say
we're actually going it's booked in I
need to get all my stuff packed and
we're going it's gonna be epic the
adventure continues you'll be hanging
out with team are in
but all sorts of cool shit caught clear
something up with you guys everyone saw
my video that then was like Tom you are
banging the ginger incorrect she wasn't
ginger are you blind you're colorblind
she was actually blonde I think the core
correction on my camera kind of fucked
up anyway
yeah see I actually full-on charity Mike
the entire with my life then obviously -
a few details but we won't go into them
but yeah not banging the ginger guys
it's not happening never will happen
unless Emma Stone is what oh my gosh
she's just so fit bye
