good morning world well luckily it's
really afternoon didn't wake up too late
kind of somewhat saved this day that I
thought I already ruined great success
I'm sorry but is there a f-22
Obama taking office I have a window
there's like a garbage truck
driving by pick it up its daily route
and it sounds like hell we're gonna be
rockin the black and blue ages shirt
today looking very nice I may say I have
received a package no I'm not too sure
what this is because last night Black
Friday deals Americas
so I bought a crap load of all races
nope
yes oh my god no way oh oh my days okay
then this is just a fair few of these
all reason now whose oh my god guys
Razer has hooked me off if you have to
hook you guys up you better be excited
so if you guys are living under a rock
you will notice I have been talking
nonstop about this this is the Razer
Naboo absolutely amazing piece of tech
super cheap and if you're a gamer so
damn convenient just for the only one
thing of a built-in ringing a text
vibration book I'm going to give them
one of these away on my Twitter I've got
all different sizes small medium medium
and large if you guys want to win one of
these we're doing the same as get you
got make sure you following me and raise
it on Twitter and retweet the tweet and
we are gonna be giving away one of these
Naboo smart buns
I am so stuck look how many I have got
oh my goodness man get in there daily
exercise on the stair grind I wear like
went to elevator press the button was
like oh yeah yeah don't do that that's
illegal for me to do that but do if not
legal I'm just decided to stay fit by
taking the stairs rather than the
elevator
going getting subway the subway not too
far from RIT so I'm gonna head over
there cuz boat it was talking about
subway non-stop on street so I'm going
get myself like a delicious feast of
everything I'll be I have no
idea there was a stab right there Oh
Venus level is over 9000 there's my
subway there's my local shop and I know
I'm Starbucks yeah sure if police chase
or a news traffic anyway she's going
down someone first all right I made it
to HD but a dick and the plan of action
now is to basically rule on in here and
try and find myself a table and chairs
now this glass table right here is
pimpest chips I not this the one that
that table is really really dumb nice
but I think it might just be a bit too
big however I am going to need a coffee
table and this might be the best one
I've ever seen that is so damn cool Doge
Doge Doge doh
okay this is getting creepy now I see so
many dogs alright if that was if
that was been creepy ah definitely is do
you ever feel like just buying pairs of
hands
have you ever felt like shopping for
light bulbs because this place has
pretty big bulbs and dogs
lots of dogs and like weird mini looking
horse dogs I was like oh that's a nice
van and then I realized this guy was
chillin on the inside like the well
this is the exact table but I want the
style it's very civilian very small but
glass-top stay on the still bomb I don't
 around when I know I want something
I know exactly what I want I go in look
for it spot it find it purchase it leave
save the day time entertainment tell me
to I'm so fed up of this not being
long enough and there is an easy way for
me to fix this it requires is for me to
go in here turn this light on get these
extra ones and put them up with it just
like that it's pretty much done until I
know I said it one thing wrong so as you
see there's a gap here so like there's
four coatings basic glue up
perfect perfect perfect I put this one
on the wrong way around
god damnit there you go totally
no exhausted after for you I had no
stood ladders so I did like jump up on
the ledge up and down up and over down
bought there you go done perfect I'm
sorry I cannot walk in here and feel
like one of the neighbors isn't gonna be
like crying on my nut holes my knot
holes
what for doing good we have the unit
four here I suppose we're gonna get TV
 I supposed to get a TV today
we have the couch coming tomorrow we
have the table that's going to go here
hopefully it's not going to be too big I
think we should be alright might be a
little bit tight but should be good
tables going to go here with four chairs
that comes on the third of December so
it's all piecing together nicely oh yeah
that's what I call a winner winner
chicken dinner
let me accept this bye-bye and enjoy all
of this swaggy loot
yes that's what I call a win baby oh can
i snag this pot I saw her someone put an
awesome off in the in the main jackpot
so I tried to snipe but I dived in last
minute with a huge pot yes managed to
snipe it nice to get myself a few
awesome guns down here some aks on a
sniper so hell yeah manage to smoke
these mother truckers ah get rekt whoo
this is going to be a nice pot we got
100 1800 hundred voice seven dollars
we've got three people with three dollar
pot six
oh no four for $30 pots were all
basically trying to snipe these two so
fingers crossed I'm gonna get it I put
in putting one one good gun another okay
going bought I just filled it with cases
try and fill the pot so fingers crossed
I'm gonna get a sniper room in here but
it's not exactly a sniper Uzis 30 max
its kind of in and it's the moment
of truth the moment of truth if I win
this I will be very very shocked cuz I
doubt it bored no no way no way yeah get
rekt I actually cannot live on that I'll
show you my immature in a second yeah I
now have three USPS kill confirms that
looks pretty good that is well war so
mines minimal way that's mine that's
worth like $200 real cash that's
well-worn and this one is field-tested
Bor I'm not gonna lie I'm just happy
that I have more than one of these now
so if I lose one I've still got backups
and look at all these red lines I've got
Jesus this is tides it like a good
inventory I'm stoked
who frigging way I wasn't even looking I
just got so many small skins that I just
won from that game that was like oh yeah
just do a trade or too low my inventory
because I've got like a thousand skins
in my inventory which is just ruining my
bank but what this I just traded up to
frontside misty feel testing
yes damn that bed looks so goddamn comfy
nice clean made good to go all that swag
don't forget guys down description will
be a link to the awesome giveaway but I
have to go
goodbye selfish totally thought I made
it to the wrong place poor maid it's
like a bar or rammer so it's cold yeah
oh no its combat and putting Masha that
was going someone called bara Rama isn't
that of like South Park or family going
well yeah we're back together again
being 10 everyone don't forget a boy on
Twitter you can find it for hopefully
throughout the night is going to
continue to draw me and I want you to
get just get me in like oh yeah it's got
getting the most planted moment okay and
we'll be eyes all right this place is so
awesome I forum bar must like best wrong
let's go all old-school arcade and
yes so basically she was like why is
that guy filming it
but yeah you can just like you all sit
down here
so Jimmy clip plenty it looks good and
then a little drunk friend from another
party you kick a rock we're all
reminiscing about like what happened
overnight and Luke had no idea how
blackout drunk II was so I'm going to
show him a quick photo and embarrass him
dearly this game looks awesome
I found out about this game if you go
get the ball into the growing mold you
know like what are we do it you gotta
sneak it through but you can get it to
the tempo you get a free drink from the
bar which is brilliant
I'm lucky
Oh help
recomm this is my first time
like that don't you
you got his first one I didn't hold
no the retreat
no saved it saved it I saved it
got a natural
no you're done going in three jars
telling you Italian this thing it's
wrecked absolutely it's rigged 500 times
a trick for I love this big that much am
i buy one of these for my apartment in
LA
it's the perfect feature now if you guys
recognize this game not because you're
old but if you've ever listened old red
ready player one Galaga is a massive
reference in it so my first ever game on
Galaga I didn't do too good so we'll try
again beat the high score of 296,000 ok
yeah maybe I'm a good bina the shuttle
relays have toys inside
is awesome
I told about yeah this is like a gaming
nerdy bar which is cool as but then
I notice one thing always sure I just
got second place high score on this game
yeah super runnin swing just saw Luke
get up and drop it's white on the floor
so we got a cunning plan to prank woo
I'm gonna be like oh no my card got to
client I need money to get taxi home
at which point we're going to let in
planet I'm going to film it for about
10-15 minutes and then wound up giving
him back
or will we he'll Luke Luke it looks like
you don't have any of your bank cards or
money therefore I have several set of
games you have to get a high score in
every single game to get a credit card
back
I don't have it and you can take my
headphones I have five more beds at home
bye Luke
love you my flashbang don't most tell
you what there's some feeling you move
from one still even Alec smoke
yo I'm saying is that Luke used to have
the best beard now you do casual
everybody home time in my book of course
yeah the day I would decide to fly my
dad out to LA tomorrow it rains the
night before it's like a sign it's a
sign of bad luck that my dad is bringing
the literal rain
okay-dokey show the TV that I'm looking
at getting with the stun TV with stoned
is 48.9 by 30.8 okay remember this okay
okay so like that size right there is
the TV of a 55 inch so it would fit in
quite perfectly but we might be able to
stretch to a 60 inch because the height
difference is completely fine all it
matters is about the width the width the
width the height and the width so if the
whip can fit it in we might go for a 60
inch final measurements for a 60 inch
which is fifty three point seven inches
so let's see if it will fit so I get it
books now and paid for we have a 60 inch
4k TV there in all its glory
ah I've got some packages may wanna want
out what are this what it is I got a
what is this a 4k 120 gigabytes SSD card
which is my g7x which could mean that I
am tempted to move away from filming
with my iPhone to an actual camera the
chances of that happening are very slim
but just in case I got a micro SD card
ultra - recording 4k as well for GoPros
so I can travel around with a little
mini backpack on all the time with my
cameras in it for my daily vlogging and
a laptop but at the same time I much
prefer my phone so let me know with one
like rating whether or not I should try
vlogging with the g7 X if this video
gets over 50,000 like ratings I will do
a vlog with the g7 X like the really
good camera and we'll see if I like it
and stick to it but for the main event I
decided to go ahead
and get a set scale so I'm just gonna
try getting on it again it says it's
sensing stare off okay thinking okay by
the way it was like a few pounds just by
changing my buttons all right well
that's more weight one forty seven point
one twelve percent point four body fat
I don't wanna that's good or not and tg6
or judge yourself okay so I have eleven
percent body fat twelve set body fat I
don't know if that's good or bad if
there is any healthy people out there
who know whether or not that's good or
bad please let me know in the comments
down below thanks that workout and I'll
start busting a workout but as far as I
know I think I'm alright
I gave it a googol and that said I am
abnormal weight if not healthy weight so
my days have we just read them with
eating are somehow paying
off great success oh I'm so happy my
dad's just rang me this is probably this
College we're gonna get a course record
and even my dad just found me is at the
airport a floating out from the UK like
first class that he's like Tom onside
the first class loads really excited to
fly and I just hope everything goes
smoothly for him like no trouble was
like I'm a gray shirt or anything like
that
every singe we find he's filled with all
the paperwork that needs to fill in but
I'm just so stoked to get my dad out I
still don't have a bed for guys
something's wrong something's wrong what
the hell what the hell where is it
there's no sunlight I'm actually going
to bed at a reasonable hour I'm going to
bed
yeah my goodness me how much they go
into bed for the Sun down for once but
realistically I'm not doing because I'm
gonna edit this vlog wait for it to get
uploaded before I can add a thumbnail or
anything to it like edit it do all that
sort of a description so yeah I'm gonna
go to bed probably gonna end up going to
sleep about 6 a.m. but nonetheless thank
you very much question today's got four
guys vlogs
yeah very much for watching the vlog
guys if you did enjoy it make sure you
live like right and like I said if you
guys want me to give it a go on a
filming on a back camera if we hit
50,000 like rains I'll give it a girl
I'll try it we'll see how long you'll
we'll just say we'll just see if we hit
that target but nonetheless thanks for
watching always I appreciate you guys
support 6 p.m. every single day new vlog
if it's on time and I will see you guys
tomorrow for my next one where hopefully
this will get replaced with a new sofa
yeah like my outros with
cheese yeah
