good wallet world well it's now 2
o'clock in the morning I was supposed to
be going surfing today probably missed
that buggy I'll find out if we can still
do it with my good friend Ricky but like
what my father was like my brain like
crazy my wristband because the naboo
vibrates as well I was like what the
fuck is going on as you're an earthquake
and then uh no Lord behold it was the
remember yesterday how I said that guy
left his tool box behind while he came
collecting it it was fucking ring my
doorbell like a goddamn fucking fire
drill so yeah I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna go back to bed mama this song is
so good it's like my number one favorite
track right now
Hermitude is amazing and I am totally
gonna try and reach out and see if I can
use their tracks because this track dude
is like dope ass track dude this bit you
ready that voice so good ok so I'm just
watching the optic mailbox video before
I get out of bed and sort of the
comments pointed out this for the moment
so what's these two a mess around the
box
watch pamaj go for this pen a much
Nick's face what's his reaction here
dude
what's this three o'clock in the
afternoon and I'm only just opening my
curtains I don't know why I really
really like this song
yeah that's how I dance at a club you
can tell I got all the the female
attention well I just saw my landlady
for a bitch just came over I just like
showing how the apartment looks and
everything and like stuff that I'm
plying to get for it and upgrade for it
as she loves it she thought it was
really nice and just fucking streaming
super angry chat why are you talking
about barbarians planarians is a species
of nonsubscribers apparently what
everyone can see the blog and a woge
auras Majora's Juarez is it Juarez
Mijares its major is like subscribing
I'm terrible with names
but look at this 36,000 kills we're
getting there boys we're getting there
ranked 21 on our way to press the huge
three general look at there I'm going to
Hollywood in a bit so I'm gonna play one
more game of zombies and then I'm going
downtown no Hollywood going to West
Hollywood to go and listen to some
musicians play and hang out with my
friend Ricky Crompton he's a beast to be
an actor and yeah you'll hopefully
recognize him and hopefully we'll hang
out and go and do some cool shit in LA
yeah I love how he's just open Arizona
is always looking down a because still
I'm gonna put nothing on that shelf and
just keep him there to just be like oh
fuck you I think that's more of his
voice almost missed it the chat is just
going completely hyper mode right now
because they know I'm vlogging yeah okie
dokie Jones we have this rendering out
which is awesome which by the way it's
an hour and 40 long so this is probably
about five hours to render up my PC is
good or it's lacking I'm gonna try and
get the performance of Brady so it's
just a complete and what a beast but you
know to your minds texted me saying yeah
bud but I'm in a predicament now I told
you guys I was supposed to be going out
meeting up with an old British friend
like really good dude not old like an
old friend I've known for ages I've
noticed it was about 33 Crompton he's
amazing at mountain biking like downhill
mountain biking like BMX in and stuff so
suppose people meeting up with him at
half past 7:00 to go to like a concert
now the thing is we were Facebook
messaging for about an hour and a half
and he was like yeah you know I'm trying
to get a new bird to get over there and
he never ended up tell me if he got a
new bro not then all sudden he
disappeared I carried on streaming for
an extra hour so I don't know if he's
gone to this venue going watching his
friend like perform music or whatever so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go to the
address that he gave me anyway
I'm just gonna get a beer just in case
these drinks of the place you know bid
ready to go so I'm gonna go over to
where he's heading
thinking he might be there or not I
don't have his telephone number all I
have is his Facebook I'm gonna travel
all the way out there and fingers
crossed he's gonna be there and if he's
not then it was a fun adventure for us
to have by a best mate investigation my
investigation skills are awesome so it
opened at 10:00 except what
i cant even english it opened at 7:00 it
starts 8:00 but then they put out a
tweet saying going on 10 la so i'm gonna
track down whoever to help performers
links okay okay the investigation
continues my mr. little gene says did
they say anything I don't know there
were tweens of about 6 minutes ago going
on at 10:00 I haven't missed it I
haven't fuckin missed it yes oh but
absolute like I relied on today's one
consisting of me going adventuring
checking out this band and I was just
like yeah let's give a great house
stream all day go do that be adventurous
then I thought I fucking missed it and I
missed meeting my friends so hopefully
not and you'll love Ricky by the way
Ricky I'm gonna get him into vlogging
and he does a little bit of it I'll put
his youtube link down below if he is
making videos at all but go and show it
check out his stuff if he's got his
biking stuff on his channel your face
will orgasm yo someone's cooked some
food on my floor and it smells good but
I need to burn the exercise so we are
taking histories as per usual and yes I
really need to wash these jeans fucking
stains and shit alright I was not
expected to go for the door handle and
then the alarm start going too fast like
I am not robbing this vehicle I swear
fucking made it I absolutely made it
right now I've got to try and find Ricky
I found it got my ticket
crowd of people
so once watching this me and Ricky and I
good friend over here right now I've
just decided that we're gonna go check
their shag diamonds with gauges with
cages we're not crazy you're fucking
insane yeah without pants oh it's like a
little nose the mini stuff so you like
to plug in your phone all right we're
gonna try and test this book because
we're going to make us join up yeah
there you go he's no good right I've
updated everyone everything we're doing
this is how you challenge running people
to drink all their alcohol
you're getting all right went to the
toilet after about like 10 songs I was
it like I was ever like 20 minutes came
back then we got beers to drink and it's
over video
so I was like oh yeah I look like a
really good guy this place is like oh
this guy over here looks really amiable
let me just put it here look how tall
you stand up tall
this is Rutger he watches my videos how
tall you yeah five foot nine go fuck
myself say I like how I turned up three
hours late to the show didn't miss the
show enjoyed all of it apart from the
last fucking song so kind of a I kind of
I kind of missed the show technically
anyway Cheers
seems to be an issue it seems like
there's still alcohol usually drink it
see I'm such a great influence on people
I surround myself with because I just
made them break alcohol for the record
so how long I've actually known so I was
11 a forest down 2211 for 11 years I'm
not gonna lie I have no idea what he's
going on right now I've got a wild
British guy and then two twins over here
why is this a thing in a shop window
this should and what we got Bob Ross
we've got me got this guy like this is
like what is happening right now me and
Ricky are waiting for an uber like her
Ricky's completely a hundred and ten
percent the life of the pie right now it
was we've got in this ass boss are we
getting them Mercedes thank you my sir I
don't appreciate that thank you so much
there you go
Charlie's high as weird as it sounds
that van right there follow that van it
might be turning around but that we're
going where they're going so follow that
line best thing about this so far
prease we clear well nice but yeah
butterscotch sweet completely girls are
completely rotted out I - you like a
butterscotch no not really would you
like a were this original but
nonetheless tastes super good and we
look super creepy right now because we
it's actually the other way around
usually in it it's usually the guy guys
in the button following the other people
but instead we're in a Mercedes
following the people in a white van
we're going to enough to PI so we're
Scott they run out of room in there so
he was just like I'll get who but Otto
nuber and we're just gonna travel to
where we need to be okay even see Ricky
right now I'm not quite sure what's
gonna happen we'll see listen that's how
the vlog works we see what happens and
enjoy the fuck out
it's not low it you keep out species
like literally this night was a series
of events that got me to here by the way
I rang my dad and I am buying my dad a
plane ticket to come and join me hanging
out in LA for a week in two days that's
the thing I am so pissed off right now
you see these glasses these magnifying
motherfuckers I can actually see better
with these on that I can't without them
things just kind of look a little bit
blurry everything looks good boy little
bit blurry but if I put them on I can
see everything everything from number a
war distance in like 4k for my eye size
got this shit again and so the nice end
with a campervan in sort of this
building an empty bar outside and this
is what
yeah that's working Ricky's just doing
his own thing two days is to be me bye
dad
and Ricky getting drunk
Ricky what are you doing oh my god the
Ducks dominate fucking rude yeah
fucking love this guy Oh y'all dude oh
my god this guy's like oh we throw that
that shit down at a monster dude do we
throw that booster down dude
so this is called comment rate for what
I do apologies you're like yeah bro he's
throwing that mustard down the money on
down what is it
this guy's twerking inside I'm like what
I say you know ever gonna live this food
is so good so good Ricky is like beyond
sorry what sorry I'm not kidding you for
what and I could Evi for what what am I
kidding you for this
okay so you're gonna teach me once
no Weejun swear word and I teach you one
all right go ahead Bob fun that fuck
yeah shit all right you don't want
communed yeah oh no you know why because
this is English to Norwegian swear words
alright your knee bellend no Jesus
Christ okay this is easy bastard yeah oh
shit mmm
twat really Wow this is root do you know
do you know where there's a really
British accent right there that was
really good I am genuinely trying to
think of a swear word that you guys
weren't no fuck I managed to make it
home many drinks were consumed this is
not what I expected on a Sunday night I
have mail yes priority
gay factors yeah for the record that was
not a drunk thing I know exactly what's
in this package therefore I know I can
kick it oh my shoe came on shit oh my
goodness I just get a package of
syndicate original swag this is not a
half even Vince it habit even this has
not even been seen before the public
ever oh my goodness me oh shit
if you guys don't have a Cintiq original
t-shirt now now
is the time to obtain one I love my
clothing line holy shit I did not know
this is what was getting delivered I
thought they were sending you matrix
shirts I just got the brand-new shirts
that have not even been released yet
yeah well as a man of my word
I am now booking my dad a fly out from
Manchester to LA for 10 days I said a
week but I'm getting it in for 10 days
it's gonna join me meanwhile I am
listening to Hermitude dropping the
mother trucking bass ladies and
gentlemen of The Syndicate original
world this right now is the Diamond
digger t-shirt no again we did the gold
digger limited edition first ever shirt
really thrilled rig and that was it
for guess what everyone loved design we
agreed we did a poll we had boats we did
everything and we decided upon releasing
the diamond digger
t-shirt now tell me that doesn't look
swaggy as hell not gonna lie this is one
hell of a badass design look at this
syndicate original this is not even a
line or design that has been released
for your guys faces to look at but would
you just look at this badass beast of a
shirt if you guys want it
Siddiq original comm it's available for
your faces Oh
nonetheless as usual of lying down in
bed it is nearly 6 o'clock in the mornin
like this is a casual thing the Sun is
rising I can see it coming to meet my
curtains and I am going to bed so thank
you very much for watching
there is the light I'm go to bed and
good night
