well good morning world not gonna lie
definitely not hungover just extremely
tired its 10:50 so I've had like three
hours sleep in about 10 minutes
IKEA people are gonna be here to build
the furniture thing I'm really worried
about is I did start to speak to about
on the phone book this is the wall that
is going against like you know the
unit's get put on top and the one on the
bottom and the one along the bottom
absolutely fine they can build that and
leave it there and I can put TV on it
all's good if that's all I can get
bought this wall is so thin that I'm
worried that they won't be able to mount
something along the top of it so just
like to put on the wall it just rip out
cuz the weight so fingers crossed not
going to be the case but I'm gonna find
out when they get here so if it does
happen then I've got to worry about like
getting the stuff returned all that sort
of stuff and I don't know how to go
about that so hopefully that's not the
case and I get done a nice beautiful
unit that I want so yeah yeah he said
the wall should be perfectly fine to
install against just I got so lucky with
the size of it without a doubt I picked
it without the measurements so quickly
ohyeah got it installed looking good
very happy with it can't wait now till I
get my couch and its wrapped around and
look in that section awesome and I got
my shelf installed I was like oh don't
worry if I'm gonna put both I decided
I'm only putting one up because we're on
like 16 dollars I could just put that
cupboard something but put a shelf up
here looking good only downside is when
the guy put it all he got his drill on
the wall so many times so like these are
now genuine like black marks I don't
think I can get one thorough inspection
I managed to do find that do find a
little bit of a cloth like a wet
cleaning cloth and he managed to bring
off quite a bit of that but yeah it's a
really random shop I am questioning why
the fuck I put it there like seriously
but it was just an empty big space I
could just put a post there or something
but I think it'll look quite nice with
some sort of beer for like taking photos
of the sell but just make it a little
bit nicer no I think it's fucked over
now is putting this thing and then it
causing a light shadow because of this
book other than that it's just a nice
little thing to have I guess I should
have just put it here on this wall but I
don't really know I want oh my god I've
got a dog good I got
mom I'll tell you what I absolutely 110%
needed that nap without a doubt feels so
much better I feel like I just slept
like four or five hours psyche
I only slept for an hour booked my foods
arrived now the Sun is setting if I do
it to want to go out by TV have to go
out and do it soon but there's really no
point in going doing it I've got to be
honest there just there's no point this
is a rest day but my gosh do I feel like
a tank kittycat for starters we have
chicken wrapped in bacon was playing
called a doodie would you just look at
that mustache for look at that but lazy
Jeff would you look at that two-million
follows on the Twitter's and it is
official look I can prove it this time
like it's a legit to two million wait I
say mm I don't know right look two
billion and one thousand followers what
the schnitzels but anyway as you can see
we gave away the mouse and by the way
razors picking the winner for this soon
but because I've got three extra pairs
of these I'm giving away a pair of these
right now on Twitter so if you up store
I got to make sure you down there click
that fall board and retweet the tweet
that says I'm giving these away to be
able to enter and I'll announce the
winner tomorrow so just welcome two
million follower giveaway right there
Oh terrorizes visit room for like 20
hours and it's close to $4,000 I donated
$500 and I've gotten to over 4,000 and
at 4,000 he has to eat hot sauce oh look
outside is put a good try get a ricotta
get some hot sauce by the way is raising
money for extra lie so if you guys want
to go check out the gaming Terrorizer
I'll from raise some money so for great
cause so tight he sounds drunk come on
Drake a quick kick yes do it eat the hot
sauce three two one yes
yeah totally worm the fuck retreat to
help us you poor poor man easy like
where the hot sauce is the register yes
feel the burn feel the burn
oh I can look at that she's been playing
zombies for the past hour and 20 minutes
and watch this fail I thought I still
had insta collective so when I turn and
shoot the zombie there I thought the
insta kill killed him turn around no
trapped down round for it to hour and 20
minutes I've got a really good strategy
now for the giant so I'm feeling pretty
confident about giving it under the
river but everyone on Twitter who's
talking about this jessica jones like
not a real person it's like a Netflix
show so I literally just finished the
flash or I've got one more episode left
on the flash do when I finish that I'm
then gonna watch Jessica Jones so
basically Netflix has timed themselves
perfectly to ruin my sleep schedule day
after day after day and I just noticed
something when I turned round totally
didn't even recognize this all day but
for the first time I've just spotted
that out of me walking in here and film
God that yes my hair is down and that's
the Builder dudes who put my thing
together put my like furniture together
so yeah I'm probably gonna be expecting
a phone call saying hey left my shit
they're random they're like it's been
all day what if I would have got a text
message or a phone call of him like
saying he needed it it seemed to have
like any crazy important tools in it but
I guess it's all his bits and bops but
maybe just maybe like this is his shit
version and he's like yeah I don't want
to I need some way to leave it and just
left it here so I may have just gave
myself a free free tool box sweet this
is like one of their
on these things you get to do living in
apartment
it doesn't fit that's a lie yes it does
exquisitely oh jesus my eyes aggressive
as hell that's it
rubbish taken care of completely gone
and I don't have to worry about it easy
mood by the time I was pulling like
weird faces like but either way it's now
what time is it one o'clock in the
morning out of fifteen minutes past
twelve so I I'm gonna get bed relax and
chill out I did wake up at like five
o'clock this afternoon so again not
really had much to do today but it's a
Saturday night in LA I'm not going out
kicking back chilling I just can't wait
till I get my couch so then I can
genuinely kick back and chill because
right now it's even my bed on my office
chair so beds nice but there's one thing
you want to do in life is always make
sure that your bedroom is just used for
sleeping and nothing else it's like if
you ever think about putting an office
in your bedroom don't do don't do it
always have it in a separate room it's
so much healthier feel like that place
should just be your domain for sleeping
and switching off and nothing else so
couch comes Tuesday it's gonna be sweet
apart from my hair looking absolutely
fabulous right now I am in a really
happy view just because a my good friend
Paul my college tutor from five years
ago here was like Tom listen you've got
a really good thing going on YouTube
it's paying well go and do it full-time
for you see how it goes and come back if
he doesn't work out he was basically guy
advised me to do this job full-time and
I did basically just take me off when he
was like hey Tom working out ideas for
Christmas prepping presents this stuff
this year for like my kids and
everything like what should I get and
gave me some options so rather than give
it a reply with options I asked for his
address and I sent in both of the
options that he asked me for so he was
like a message where he said like what
shall I get out these two and I was like
what's your address and he gave me his
address so I went on Amazon
bought in both the presents and shipped
him to to get that tomorrow cuz I love
Paul like I wanted to get him something
like really nice because the ease is a
nice so it's getting like a Wacom tablet
but he's already got one so like guys
already go
and then like what can I get him so like
basically I've just hooked you up to
make him have Christmas come early so I
think that's a nice little thing today
I'm not saying what it is just in case
his kids see this vlog and they're like
oh my god what is it so if you're if you
to watching that you can still be like
oh my god what is it because I'm not
going to tell you what it is well yeah
gave me a choice to decide for him and
give him a bit of light industry advice
and I was like so I can answer both of
them so Paul if you're watching this
Merry Christmas good sir there's a small
gesture for me saying thank you for all
the music of you being awesome and I
will continue to always be there to help
you out for anything that you need
because you are the man of the decade
for me thank you
this is Paul Maya like my college chew a
Twitter viola says the only reason
people follow me is because I was person
to get to you that is absolutely awesome
this is something really run to put mark
human basic flaws me on Twitter and he's
just like he's such a badass dude and he
was taking part in like a pro league of
Legends game today I believe and this is
what happened watch this so we got fired
right now ladies and gentlemen is why
Mark Cuban is a complete badass rather
than be like oh no 50 grand fight he was
like fuck it let's give more to charity
mark cubed you are a legend well I
basically just figured out that if you
press the Windows key and D it minimizes
everything all at once how awesome is
that
but then even cool if you press the
windows D in town what the hell I have
never seen this set before that is
absolutely fucking awesome I had no idea
that wasn't thing totally forgot to show
you guys this so when I went to Siberia
I was on the top of mountain did like
questions and answers about Tomb Raider
with Benny
a really good friend of mine for Xbox
his channel but listen to my laugh in a
clip it that they caught me I basically
threw Betty in the snow and run away
listen to how evil I sound you ready
so can't get over that Siberia trip
without a doubt one of the best trips of
my life so glad I did it and the thing
is it's like all possible because of you
guys in this job so thank you for
enjoying my daily vlogs I'm just my
random face and ridiculous hair think
Tuesday I think we agreed if my self er
gets here on time I'm gonna go get it
died cross yeah guys that it's Christmas
coming up if you want to get yourself a
syndicate original shirt like one of
these bad boys I think these are pretty
much authentic original shirts or one of
these bad boys are one of these bad boys
or one of these bad boys or these bad
boys that make sure you are too quick
the links down in description city
original calm because these things are
gonna be selling out like crazy so yeah
if you want to get one in time for
Christmas I suggest you get putting this
on your Christmas list ASAP I am going
to bed now ladies and gents tomorrow um
I should actually be hanging out with a
really good friend of mine from the UK
he's over here for a few days so I'm
gonna be hanging out with him maybe
going to some stuff like music thing
I don't know else also on top of that
streaming and hopefully getting a new TV
from a lounge but I don't know how I'm
gonna get it back either way so I'm
gonna go to bed we've had a forefeet day
of hair you can tell it's been a lazy
day for me when I have a for free hair
head of hair and until then tomorrow I
upload my next video at 6 p.m. will day
leave a like great subscribe and I'll
see you guys tomorrow good bye
