I just woke up in like a mud panic you
know we're like in the movies you hear
like that I just did that thinking that
I missed my flight for Russia with it
because I slept in luckily it's only 7
a.m. my flights at 4:00 I'm going back
to bed fuck time to start the day of
adventuring to Russia I'm gonna start
off by mopping up my floor because isn't
this just great
my acing is still having issues the
landlady was like yeah don't put your AC
lower than 68 degrees you should be
perfectly fine because then it won't
freeze out the AC unit I have kept it at
68 got back from New York and it's still
doing it so I'm listening some Red Hot
Chili Peppers cleaning this up waiting
for my uber I'm gonna get in a suitcase
so we can pull all this shit inside it
what are dolls well we made it outside
got myself an uber over to the mall and
I got in the car at a massive
conversation like one-way conversation
to the uber driver he was like mmhmm
yeah mm-hmm and then he just went I must
tell you sir I don't speak English and
he's just like I've been talking for
like 15 minutes
I got pod bought can we just look at
this beauty uh-huh much fat from
anywhere right now we need a big big
suitcase to carry all the shit that and
so I can bring some big booty Russian
girls home just saying oh my god oh my
god I'm back in the mall I'm back at the
mall I'm back oh my god this pumpkin
spice fucking shit everywhere what is
wrong with you LA you're obsessed with
the shit I think I may have found the
perfect timetable for my um
I like escalators Oh literally just
vlogs being like dead aggressive saying
that oh yeah you know there's never any
stuff that you can find working with
that asian woman there just went excuse
me sir are you working here
I guess my centric original timers look
that good dead smart professional but
anyway found the suitcases what's this
button do
mmm well this has got memory foam
underneath it and I'm worried that over
time it's gonna like wear down and rub
off and just be like look all shitty and
tacky I know you could just replace it
bought and as I just go with something
that's plastic that's just gonna last
forever light and be durable but at the
same time at the same time I don't care
I'm using it for a day for the record
I'm assuming that this is gonna be big
enough like that's all I'm saying
I hope it's big enough if it isn't good
enough to come back return it and get
another one get back yourself it's now
12 o'clock in the afternoon so noon its
new this bag cost 500 fucking dollars
what the actual fuck I'm gonna make my
clothing line stop doing suitcases just
to make it cheaper for you guys so that
was five hundred dollars but if you buy
this wait for it you buy this charity
pin badge for five dollars you get 15%
off so obviously I bought it you know it
cost me $425 for the case success I
think I found the sofa that I want from
my apartment it's kind of similar to my
UK one but because it's like pieces but
you can piece it all together like this
I don't like leather I like kind of this
fabric whatever the hell it is but I
didn't even notice this it has an
electric black thing on this which is
pretty cool and you can piece it all
together so if it's too long this way or
too short you can add another chair in
so I can just add one more of them and
make it longer I had these little
consoles for drinks holders which is
pretty damn sweet does it lift up on it
look what the fuck does you must be
charges that's amazing I'm putting my
fucking suitcase there it's fucking
cases
so course to test the fucker after you
bought it ladies and gentlemen my ride
has arrived we're bringing style a very
nice just sat here my apartment staring
at the suitcase staring at my clothes
and refusing to get up and put it all in
it I just I just can't be bothered I'm
enjoying just sitting down for once and
relax him find one shoe shoe shoe and I
have now no room for anything else the
buff so I'm trying to do a daily pun if
you didn't notice I did what the ship
and somewhere else to the day before
that when I was in New York and now it's
what the buff I get it no okay I'll stop
doing it no ladies and gentlemen I I'm
ready this is my new car I'm sorry I
cannot help but show this off Oh fucking
shit
broke it this is my new jacket and it's
got like these hand warmers in it and I
got my boss song to be walking around
Russia like what's up motherfuckers
and then like probably some old woman
pushing a cart with bread in it I don't
know why it's just this white picture
could be like pushing a little cat with
but it's gonna be like what the fuck
she's gonna pull out a double-barrel
shotgun and shoot me so charge up all my
stuff before we have to go I have to
leave pretty soon I've got a million and
ten things to do other luckily for me
this is not supposed to be there
everything in pretty good this jackets
gonna go inside there flip that over and
everything is packed it all fit in and
look at the amount of junk that came off
all the things that I had to cut off for
it all fitted in perfectly so we're
genuinely good to go
last-minute rushing around like normal
trying to get a video up on my vlog on
my main channel to tell people about my
vlogging channel that I'm going to
Russia and the reason why there has been
a severe severe lack of gaming videos so
yeah just try my best to get that done
get everyone happy and get on the
fucking fly X my text wait outside
hopefully traffic isn't too bad get in
there
jerk and I'll be okay that's fine you'll
be good nice hip hop Oh wicked that's
good it's good I really do not want to
miss this flight the flight is at five
to five but I've got to get my bag
checked so I think we'll be all right
yeah I believe in you dude you're the
driver for the job you're the driver for
the job then temperature shows up twelve
the great easier to me oh wow oh so cold
what an amazing taxi driver are over
driver I was talking to an entire way
about how cold I was gonna be like
you'll freeze your nuts off and then I
just got out and he just went and he
went don't freeze okay see you again
soon okay so I made it to that air
Aeroflot I made it to the Aeroflot
check-in desk we're here and we're going
to begin the counter for hot Russian
women and there's number one this
suitcase was worth every penny
it's sit honorable
that's not a word is it all I'm saying
is that I hope the visa worked because
it went through so much effort to get it
okay that's great I think the only other
upgrade I could have got was first class
because I got window seat business class
that's passed nice what the hell is
going on there that is trippy as
bollocks mm-hmm man is look so good
he asked me what size drink I wanted and
I just was like one pretty thirsty so
I'll take a large look at the fucking
size of this thing it's bigger than my
head but anyway we've got a fortune
cookie so let's see what my fortune is
going to be are you ready this is an
unboxing with the other pod room cookie
you ready ready what we got what we go
off go off y'all got yep wait beautiful
things await you oh my god it's this
other beautiful ladies in Siberia please
I definitely do not suit these glasses
this is where Lauren the cow lounge yo
this shit is fancy F but I love how I
decided to go on pay for food downstairs
when there's a complete full bar up here
how many facepalms about during the last
three vlogs for the record that is what
I was expecting this is what it looks
like it's nothing like it
I'm not quite sure I'm looking at here
but I like it
he is a unique butterfly with spikes yes
I actually had about 18 hours sleep wait
what no that's the that's my flight well
I actually probably had about 8 to 10
hours sleep last night I'm still looking
tired and feeling tired actually think
I've got black lines advice because I'm
not drinking of water I need more water
oh my God look at all these cute little
wee fucking shit none of these are for
my flyer this is what if you - oh that
one is here buzz mine 152 but I have
priority boarding so you can add gay
fuck you chefs oh great
there's a line for priority boarding as
well well no one's gonna take my seat so
I'm just gonna go and sit down like a
normal person if there's something I
really don't understand the airport's
yeah there's something I really don't
understand the airport's is why everyone
gets so crazy about like I need to get
on the plane your seats going nowhere
you literally have a reserved seat it's
gonna be there it has your name
literally on it maybe maybe not
literally but it has your name attached
to it no one's gonna take it so I'm just
gonna let them all go crazy I'm gonna
say listen to some music and then I'm
gonna go and get on the plane fucking
nerds I'm used to flying on a British
Airways a38 which has two floors to it
like you know double-decker plane wait
until you see this bad boy it doesn't
even have wings - looking here is the
bad boy I'm flying on single for a
single decker
it even looks Russian from the front it
looks like it's about to knock someone
out and a bar fight but this is the bad
boy final I don't know it's a new plane
an old plane or anything so wish me luck
that it even has TVs on it if it doesn't
I'm going to learn Russian by the time I
want
is just check a snapshot let's go - K -
K - K - Kate windows key ice ooh
well this is nice I did this is much
nicer fellas gonna be sweet our boys we
have a USB socket on it this is good
this is good now we just need to see
what television what the fuck assisting
down here whoa
well it comes with a free - yeah shit
holy shit this is awesome no no go back
oh my god it actually works like a
fucking iPhone my tongue duration as
well let's have a look what films it got
I've seen it seeing it seeing it seeing
it seeing it seeing it seeing it seeing
it seen it seen it oh no seen it seen it
seen it stand it oh fuck I've seen all
these films Oh balls
we're fucked we're so fucked I know I
was like girl seen obscene it's an ID
which would form that many times are all
the new films about like they get sent
out to the air companies I've seen all
of them wrote the joke and I've even
watched the terrible ones I've watched
the subtitle one because I flow on that
damn much so I might just do get my
laptop I forgot to bring my xbox
controller otherwise I would have played
the Skyrim for 12 hours straight bought
I might just do some light ray ops of
game documents or something and maybe
play csgo with thoughts on easy mode and
trying to improve my aim for 12 fucking
hours unlike a kid who gets in like the
parents new care and presses every
single button press this one the lights
come on
such a fucking kid I won't even say I'm
a kid a lot of people say I'm immature
which is correct or who's to saying like
you should be I shouldn't be immature I
just enjoy my life and if I go through
my entire life enjoying it and you go
through your in life being miserable and
commenting on others instead of enjoying
your own then I'll just keep doing what
I'm doing you keep doing what you're
doing that went deep all of a sudden
anyway let's press my buttons Oh
my god I might be wrong here or when we
were really close to another plane that
has a Wi-Fi hotspot that you can buy or
it's the airport terminal or it's got
really strong connection so this flight
might have Wi-Fi
I'm really really doubting it because it
goes like overseas but if it does holy
fucking shit I'm spending 12 hours
replying to your guys comments and
watching porn one sec we'll we're
setting off I just put my ipod away just
plugs in Delma this is fucking sick look
it transforms everything just falls away
so neatly I look like I've never been on
a plane before I literally look like a
tourist who has no idea what a fucking
flick is okay I'll go put my phone away
now but I think the benefit of having no
one here is that I can mail warg oh fuck
yourself
myself the point I can vlog without
anyone looking at me like why are you
pointing their camera in your face and
whispering now I can just be kind of
like as loud as I want I'm just always
when I do that it's cuz I've been just
being respect for all the people around
me so fucking shit what you just look at
it that is the best airline logo ever
just some really happy dude I have no
idea who that is gonna give you guys
better tour there's some Monica Pier
this is the thing that you drive out I
used to drive Free Willy the jetski hour
and yeah that's all Santa Monica and
that's all like Hollywood
that's us Malibu
I wonder if it'd be anticipation from
here
a shark or a whale I probably wouldn't
be able to get recorded tuna so I'm
filming with an iPhone jo6
this is honestly probably the best sense
I've ever seen in my life like it's not
even fully gone down yet but this is the
clearest I have ever seen
the Sun just going down over a horizon
of nothing but seeing clouds that it
doesn't look real there is the ability
to connect to a Wi-Fi and it says it's
not been turned on there so if I can get
on the internet whilst applying
internationally I am going to be very
very impressed
okay seagull signs off time to transform
into bed mode you ready didn't don't get
it Tim did it didn't it didn't it didn't
turn it in today okay that's enough for
now
damn
I'm impressed okay blade if the Wi-Fi
works I'm even more impressed
well the Sun is setting it looks
absolutely beautiful I'm sure now I've
just ordered a three-course meal and a
beer and I'm just going to kick back
even more relax and yeah enjoy the
12-hour flight ahead of me until I get
my connecting flight to wherever the
hell it is I'm going that is currently
minus two degrees my nipples are
literally going to fall off the moment I
step off his plane oh my god thank
goodness I was wrong I was absolutely
wrong I looked through a different
category of movies I just on Hot Tub
Time Machine 2 so I'm gonna kick back
and watch this bad boy whilst the Sun is
setting looking like pretty and Prudie
I'm just waiting for my food this is
just magic like it literally this is
business class I don't think is even a
first class option on this plane this is
first class I think I love it by gosh
guys this is a star and it's duck breast
what you're sure what this is I think
it's part of oh yeah
yes please awesome we could get back
it's not partay
I have no idea what it is it's like a
chicken breast depressing
I don't know both snap now we'll eating
steak with I don't know what that is
but either way real estate yes please
would you just look at dessert
Sugarland turbulence is crazy right now
but whilst the turbulence was going up
like crazy she just walked along it was
like here's a bit
it's going to get bad so stay in touch
it's like a little roller coaster right
now
I'm just gonna sit here
but enjoy the ride
this is like a vlog of living on a plane
there's but whoops it's made out of
glass
what the fuck I think this is this is it
children the Roberts deodorant our air
sprayed is like hand and nail cream I
have no idea what's going on but when I
walk outside like the the toilet is
right next to the cocktail Yuri watch
okay so I kind of had to stop filming
there because I was filming was walking
out of the toilet it looked kind of
weird and there was a dude there as soon
as I walked outside but basically it
goes like business class
then it goes toilet cop is like
literally right next to I could hear the
pilots talking whilst I was using that
the lavatory
it's a baby right in front like a baby
like on one of these chairs I passed out
like brah it was adorable
guys I have to tell you right now this
this blanket is so comfy it might be
more configure than my better oh this is
amazing oh shit
yo
can you hear that
you're someone smoked in
and they've legally can get arrested for
it so the crew are investigating who it
was
that's crazy this is so awesome so like
you know all planes are like a built-in
map so you can see it's default they
have full-on built-in Google Maps so let
you check out everything this is insane
so I could just like go take a big tour
around where I am I could like look
where I'm going and stuff like that it's
it's insane I was just like like where
is it where's this little thing one here
it is I was just looking at this I was
like oh oh what's on here is that
explore your route I clicked it and it
turned the screen on and then now I
could just check out my entire journey
like this yes I do sound like a kid at
Christmas because this is just sick it's
just so good I'm so impressed I'm
genuinely so impressed you guys saw me
do the video of the plane earlier and I
was like I don't want to think of it but
it's honestly fucking sick
this plane is awesome so whilst I go for
the rest of selection I found this audio
books I was like oh shit yeah I would
what they've got so I was like yo let's
go to modern I don't think I'm going to
understand any of these these women
on this on this wide swear to God are
better than any bar restaurant or
anything have ever been to like without
even thinking about it or questioning it
they just come over and keep replacing
my bears like the like always low he's
running a little bit low quick we'll
bring them another beer top-notch
quality service I can't remember how to
pronounce the airline anymore
you're aloft if not sorry Europe
Aeroflot ten out of ten would recommend
if you're flying to Russia
there's no way you're gonna be able to
see the skis book don't know and I
decided to randomly the camel window
when I looked outside my window I could
you see like loads of lights like that
on it honestly it looked like white with
a tint of green it doesn't look as green
as you would expect but I'll find all
the green ones right now when I check
the maps
I'm basically stating google-searched
where we were and what it is I'm staring
at the fucking Northern Lights
I cannot believe why I've just witnessed
so basically I was like such a ahead
the sun's rising I looked up and I was
like it doesn't look like the Sun is
rising I checked the town I was like
there's no way the Sun was rising at
this time there's no way at all so I
looked at and as like it kind of looks a
bit like Tim tinker in that snow is the
novel right so I checked the map and
it's double over Greenland and I googled
because I've got wife
where you see the normalize it said
Greenland so like no fucking way to try
to take a fall on the foreign nothing
popped up so I got my own g7x out turned
up the the iOS wearing but which is
basically so you can see the fucking
lines background as much as possible
fucked around with so many sayings and I
got the most insane for all
I couldn't possibly have got with the
cameras and shit I had I genuinely just
seen the first time I live at age 22 on
a flight to Russia the Northern Lights
I'll show you the phone out this is the
full I'm just taking wave here to focus
not so I was just outside this window
amazing I was trying so hard to show you
guys but it was impossible because I was
using the iPhone potato six look at the
its greeted as anything it was amazed
once those have moved in because when
people use a film as a time lapse museum
ruin so it just seemed like a normal
green light in sky but for me to say
I've seen this at age 22 while flying in
the sky is absolutely fucking awesome
I fell asleep percent of my heart
remembers the mock-up 20 minutes before
landing off hey at four hours sleep
it's better than nothing I'm so out
there to launch to sleep imma take you
to bed
the ice is grown
it's beautiful let's go
like a child being reborn
there's a very on the brain and it
hasn't cried at all
our Nets
like
horrible Russian
to open a world
it's the legs Vladimir Putin this
airhostess might be the best homie I've
ever had in my entire life like I had a
tiny she was bringing me drinks all
night and then I woke up with a bottle
of water next day and I was like the
homie
they drank the small bottle of water and
she was like yo cares like yeah she's
like a giant of a bottle watch again she
brought me this sized bottle war like
three times the size of the other one
I'm like you are the homie
I can feel like a flying over Daisy
the aircraft we sighted the aircraft
favorite class sequiturs
I have loved it in Russia shit
medic came on the plane I did
it's calls for I'm gonna wrap up today
now guys because I have got to get my
other flight taking me to where I'm
going ah Kevin pronounces like 30 yeah
that was my great impression of it she's
showing her legs off was going on there
but anyway I got a wrap up today so make
sure you leave a like pretty much no you
enjoy the video subscribe to see more of
my face every single day at 6 p.m.
like I said awesome in Russia it might
be difficult to try and upload and stuff
but I am genuinely trying my best
nonetheless so hope you guys can bear
with me and understand what's going on
so yeah until tomorrow I'll see you guys
later
I've got a five-hour flight to go and
you'll see how that pans out tomorrow's
work so thank you for being awesome
support me on the journey of life of Tom
and I'll catch you guys tomorrow
