final day New York before we fly home
the view isn't that bad it's kind of
interesting it's a multi-level view but
room you did a good job gave you a seven
point five out of ten it's staying a
seven point five out of ten after I
slept and hopefully today we're gonna
continue with what we said we were going
to do New York
helicopter rides fingers crossed as a
space available I damn it I almost left
behind my six dollar bottle of water I
accidentally opened well no going back
now is better be the best water I've
ever tasted in my life I wonder what
this place sells II hmm
turning up honest oh no okay we made it
to Central Park well I was gonna be the
best tour guide ever and be like Central
Park it's just trees please fucking not
there's like a massive park over there
there's a baseball park as well I I just
genuinely thought it's just grass and a
place to ride bikes psyche it's not it
was much much more well Central Park was
exactly what I thought it was a place
with trees and shit well that was pretty
awesome I was just saying in my vlog
from yesterday and like watching if I
can make sure it was all okay everything
like completely zoned out and so we're
just like what we probably was like and
I was like hello who's like you
syndicated like yeah I was like what are
the chances are like for me to bump into
you guys it's crazy enough but imagine
for like being the person whoever bumps
into me but I could be anywhere in New
York anywhere in the world right now and
the chances that I happened to bump into
one person that watches my videos it's
fucking nuts so good say it was a
pleasure to meet you we're getting the
bike back out boys we're getting the
bike back out
sweet well I'm at the st. Paul's
Cathedral I think it's got st. Paul's
Cathedral your way this is well was in
GT everything about the city is just GTA
nonetheless very nice building so walk
around Central Park was it was nice it
was to majestic we needed a bike so I
don't get ripped off by them guys over
there like or $20 to run a bike for
fucking I was like go fuck yourself mate
this is $10 for 24 hours so I got this
we're gonna go check out the park in
style now like a proper person should do
okay honestly my favorite thing about
New York so far is these bikes pick him
up 24 hours $10 ride around the entire
city so good like for $10 why would you
not do this yet see the entire part yeah
but I got the top and bottom the city in
about 20 minutes
right and rode on his bike it's perfect
I'd like to be in a horse-drawn carriage
that'll be pretty sick but you're on
your own
well I won't be on my own I'd be with
day it'd just be pretty sick check out
Oh mate smoked him smoked him off well
faster let him yo dude what's the year
what's the horsepower on the thinking
he'd get it hot no okay
this is awesome I found the boat in Lake
and he got like all these big guys with
like these you know really nice boats
and you got this one kid he's got a
speedboat and it keeps riding it into
ducks who is attacking the adults around
here also look at these two over here
getting their wedding photos doing so
cute are we going for it going for it
it's clearing war on the docks God God
speed may lord have mercy on your soul
I knew I'd find it there it is I knew
I'd find it somewhere there it is
the famous bridge from all the movies
you've seen it probably every single
film ever and now in part of history we
now I mean it mom they proto fuck we've
been defeated shit
aggressive how is a Google Express here
we see a wild KC in his natural
environment vlogging I hope it falls off
the mount and he drops it and breaks it
are they coming oh yeah they're coming
either coming oh come on in Oh work it
wise work at your on catwalk right draw
the good news I join the bad news the
good news is you made it here do I know
the bad news you know these rental bikes
there's none north of Central Park sorry
boys you're walking my mind is blown
right now literally what are those
they're amazing we return - ginger
watchin there is he's in the wild he's
found us I just challenged deck to the
best race ever there's a subway there I
was gonna fill this handsome subway
they're gonna get the subway and I'm
gonna race it are we gonna go to that
next one right let me find out we're
gonna race to a city bike place to see
if they can beat me by the tube if I can
beat them by pedal bike you want to go
we go beat you're going down there hung
over by the way just for the record but
the challenge is on hopefully if we get
rid of the bikes later on I want to go
to subway as well cuz I'm not they don't
happen
hey I'm going to 87 Street yeah let's go
go fuck yourselves you've lost this race
already all right go go yeah all right
go on come on I'll take my time oh yeah
yep you almost got hit by a car you
idiot
I'm so gonna take my time and you're not
even gonna race I'm just gonna be like
this is a really nice bike ride decks
gonna get like I'm like good Joe don't
mind me just being very Poppins but in
the park yes
all right we're going to 87th Street you
set run 96 got quite a way to go let's
do this
maybe I should get on the road I
probably could go faster yes we shall do
that 87th Street subway entrance okay
exit even this is where you should
technically technically jump get cool
wait what this is some bullshit I was
waiting outside the exit the Train stair
did you get out very small there we just
teleport but you mad that one there no
downtown subway was shut so we jumped a
taxi no you didn't really yeah do you
see me then riding alone no I was trying
to work for you cheating bastards you
gotta taxi you actually got it - oh she
tags a car - does fucking bastard cheese
fucking gingers money that's why people
know they don't have souls delights
their friends five hundred dollar reward
for a dog me I'm gonna go stealing dogs
around New York I'm gonna be well rich
does that house they're not like the one
out Stuart Little
this is it the shoe at Little House
think it might be Oh childhood memories
don't mind us were just being majestic
majestically majestic where are you
we're majestically Mossad dude I know if
you drop your camera that is where I got
all the way I know if you if you crash
with that that is riperoni pepperoni if
I drop my iPhone I've got insurance but
you don't have insurance for that dear
guys killing it with speed oh my god
boys pick up some speed
boys bring a red light go go go go go go
oh no no no no no not even 200,000
people who watch this video no one will
know what you're park ranger see this
Mike arrest me go son of a bitch we
located a target as to where we're gonna
go take himself is it the lake let's go
tag in quiet not Dec when I tag you're
quiet I mean
beautiful places in it all right look at
this to say this is in the middle of C
this is pretty damn incredible we got a
couple of burning over there fall trees
got a wild ginger for the hot one and we
got a couple taking photos of Oh
adorable look plus when we were stealing
our bike that he's just dropping off his
yeah this is really nice
oh my god I feel so outdoorsy right now
huh I'm allergic to the shit hey guys
Casey here check out my fucking rig this
isn't the same God Casey carries this
round all the times stupidly heavy not
effective though for like range and like
so it's not close to you to close your
face but I got carrying that around with
you all the time
mad props Casey's got them gains the
muscle gain that's all I'm saying wait a
minute we invented that looks like a
goddamn gondola to me what Jeff fuck
some were you doing no did you come to
this you guys know you're impressed by
my shitty acting skills yet Dec bring
the sugar and a spoon so I can stir a
stirring stick fucking fog this is why
we're not friends Dec just dropped an
absolute bomb so I've told you the guy's
loads of times the way I met death is I
was in a plane and he was like this
really like just kind of noisy kids and
everything but I just kind of figured
that one of them was talking about me
and then I was like they're you know I'm
probably just think about it but then he
tweeted a picture of the back of my head
to me whilst I was sat on a plane so
sorry so obviously knew he liked
watching my videos and everything but
then that's how we met like four years
ago and he was just going back from a
flight from New York and it's so four
years later we're here in New York
together chilling out crazy
genuine good guy and good friend it's
just a shame that when I met him he
looked brown head and then I realized he
was ginger so like I'm just gonna throw
this hot coffee all over his face one
sec well I saw her a load of people so
this must be somewhat cool well that's
the famous I drink
oh okay well that's so nice I'm in love
a wild majestic sea love this exactly
wild huh it's the elusive sea oh my gosh
I've traveled all the way to see this
thing oh my gosh just look at it sit
there doing nothing impressive oh what's
up Jackie getting all bashful he's faced
having his guilt but she blew him a kiss
say good night and he's refusing to do
it but oh god no oh there has to be
something wrong with this cycle Wayne
it's fucking bump just bollocks the bay
has been returned you served me well it
was an amazing adventure did them bike
to the best we're so fucking good Norris
high fives high fives look coming back
up that gunfire majestic thing here
she's she's showing up her skirt whoa
just running out well fucking blow the
shit
this is what you call gridlock this
traffic is going nowhere go fucking
Khidr together
madness latex there or not might be the
best sunset I've seen in a long time
there's no skyscrapers or any people
tell me that that is not fucking so this
is the airport queue it's pretty damn
long but I got a story just started
chatting to the guy at the desk you
pretty much take it super nice dude I
prefer down-to-earth just got chatting
to about New York and he's like you're a
nice guy and just randomly give me
priority priority bought it so I could
just like walk straight to the front and
rip this like 45 minute line and then
just go and chill out with my date what
a good guy I will say I appreciate the
the offer of the guy put me through
prior everybody actually turned out to
be slower damn camera oh no like I got
something good and it ended up biting me
in the ass it actually took twice as
long like I saw someone go into normal
boarding and I went to prior boarding
and they got through twice as fast as me
so I don't know man everything happens
for a reason I ain't complaining I would
have been stood in the normal queue
anyway so it's whatevs oh my god you
know the sunlight we tweekin hoe
tweaking uh plus the dance move fact we
could honestly have not afforded to miss
this flight to get me back to LA it's
not bodied yet which is a good thing but
we could not afford it to miss this if I
were to miss this this would have fucked
over my entire trip to get me away to
the rheostat body I know but this would
have fucked over my entire trip to get
me to Russia wait if we boarded I don't
know let me find out the answer is we
haven't bought it got half an hour to
chill out at the gate then we get on it
it's a four-hour flight
there's no TV or anything so I'm going
to do is I'm going to get my phone load
up a full episode of Gotham like just
press play and wait just let it wait so
it fully loads got the plane watch it
and then try and fall asleep on the
plane I should stay awake but it will be
3:00 a.m. New York time when we land in
LA but it'd be like midnight
in LA time so yeah I get home sleep and
then at five o'clock tomorrow I'm fly
into a brochure and that's a 12 an hour
flight ah might possibly be the most
interior designed plane I've ever seen
in my life
it is crazy
I'm stuck on this flight for four hours
and tattoo is available Oh fucking yeah
you guys probably won't be able to see
it but there's a crazy thumb to stop
happening outside try my best to film it
but you really cannot see it
it's too dumb duck
damn it we need more exposure see
close-up
I successfully like a music player I
don't know I successfully managed to
reply to honestly probably about 400
comments on the fly which is good I find
that seem like a lot but trust me dude
each one on an iPhone and sending it
wait for it to send and then replying to
another one it took it was like 2 hours
worth of reply but what about life just
gives a toilet with batteries and then
yeah we'll be in LA and then tomorrow
we're going to 12-hour flight to Russia
well I've always wanted to try this
connected press the button
such a waste
as you can see 446 miles from where we
need to go Los Angeles here I come
finally home time oh my gosh I'm tired
as fuck it's currently 3 a.m. New York
time so yes I am ready to go home
yo check out first-class thank you well
absolutely starving so I ordered a
shitload of food I am very very hungry
it's gonna be such a bang it's gonna
absolutely taste like work well
hopefully it might be okay
we'll see then I suppose the food
reviews you see me guys do I always just
go out so that's what I'm expecting to
do right now all I know is that I'm
gonna get home go to bed and wake up at
like 10:00 a.m. go shopping for a
suitcase get back pack my bags for
Russia and then we're going to the
airport come to Russia basically so it's
gonna be a long old day a very long day
it's good the longest fight I've ever
taken in my life twelve and a half I was
what
like I said when I had that food before
I was like I'm gonna wait and feel like
shit it was really good but that's so
much salt in it I now feel like a fat
elephant honey I'm home
and just from leaving my PC on no mana
just a PC the apartment is 83 degrees
this room in my office is frigging on
fire hasn't build down burn down the
building complex but I needed that one
in case I need to access my PC bought
honey I'm home at that KFC it was
actually not KFC with Burger King it was
actually really good damn nice but it
was so much salt in it that I'm now just
like bluff gotta get all this all this
has to fit into a new suitcase tomorrow
for me to be able to go to Russia Mother
Russia but I'm going to get in bed this
is my favorite thing about the entire
apartment you have like really not the
AC well yeah the AC bore piece of
furniture or anything like that
this bed is heaven it's absolute heaven
so I'm gonna wrap myself up in it and
pass the fuck out guys so I hope you've
enjoyed today's vlog don't forget we can
tell you guys now you only got a few
more days to enter to donate five
dollars to charity
five dollars minimum which is like three
dollars three pounds fifty somewhere in
the UK last chance to enter click link
down below it's a it's a prize you're
calm calm for a home photo / syndicate
and if you go there donate five dollars
you enter in to win the trip to New York
that I'm going on in like a week
so if you want to get flown out from the
world anywhere donate and the more $5
you donate so you don't know fifty
dollars that's ten entries donate as
much as you can it all goes to charity
for motor neurone disease so for great
cause you can complain and hopefully
allow me to potentially meet one of your
guys faces but thank you very much for
watching the vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed my first ever trip to New York
City I had a blast it was so much fun
I'm going to bed I'm very tired leave a
like rating if you enjoyed the video
subscribe to see more of my face and if
you want to be a beast share it share
with your friends and I'm thinking of
starting using the hashtag we're calling
it it's my hashtag life of Tom or the
life of
should we even do the life of Tom or
life of Tom leave a comment down below
which one I should use but I want to
start using that as a hashtag discussion
for the vlogs because sometimes people
like Tweety bots my game is tough by
what hashtag just dedicated to the
vlogging Channel so leave it down below
and we shall decide bedtime
