oh it's fresh new day Tony Dunne
I need this breakfast says 7 a.m. and
can okay before we go any further that
is an absolutely beautiful view I'm not
too sure what that is that might even be
the Heineken factory but oh my lord
gorgeous hahahahaha this hotel design is
just beautiful look at it this is where
we came for steak the other night
delicious Apple a nice buffet selection
to wake myself up this morning don't
mind if I do collection of ham and
cheese some pastries some chocolate some
fruit and you better know got myself
alone Oh tell us better than that eh
I do think Lydia may be coming up
joining me but she has packing to do her
clothes are everywhere and I just
thought you know what
I haven't eaten okay yeah this trip so
you know what last day I found a little
snack this I was pretty nice oh my god
look at this full English breakfast that
is impressive
not just a beautiful place a beautiful
food beautiful food place oh my god you
can tell I'm so tired the next
destination for me obviously he's home
but after that I need to get to a warm
place
moment I get to a hot Resort and get
some Sun on this face
there we go hotel room is done dusted
stupid comfy hotel room loved nearly
every minute of it especially the food
and champagne the drum talk thank you
I love your face I'm gonna give it a 9
out of 10 actually boom yeah let's go I
was hoping for a Tesla I honestly could
not believe how nice and crisp the
weather is there's not a single clutter
okay maybe single cloud above me what a
nice ass day
Shane we're leaving goodbye canals it
was very nice goodbye Chinese massage
number one it would have been very nice
night scene with Tom a nice little
church with the Amsterdam iam xxx on it
another can have a very old woman
I am stir damn goodbye for now we will
be back again oh if I'm back I will
probably return with the boys and get
the very very drum next time oh here
this is a nice nice cute trip with me
and Lydia but next time will be a
drinking trip trip however Terminal two
we meet for the first time it is a very
nice airport if I may say so myself it
does a then only just wait I won't
deceive I'm number what the market this
is gonna take like half an hour just to
get to the gate oh brother miss this
flight I think that is the first plane
I've ever see branded by a video game
world of tanks what they must make so
much money episodes right now everything
I've ever heard from the industry about
World of Tanks is that it's run by the
Russian mafia and it's a way for them to
launder money
one faction so unfortunately it's a very
full flight so they said we might have
to check the bags ok good behind my bag
goodbye hello Jeff I think we may have
been one or two people like I always
wait till the end and I always do and
then know everyone says who that's why
you jump on board boy to be honest I'd
rather sit down check my bag then wait
at the end there's only a 55 minutes
life to get from Manchester to Amsterdam
you know what goodbye
Amsterdam eeeh it was a pleasure I will
be back
flying over the ocean
sorry
sooo Manchester we were the last to get
on and I think about to be the last to
leave because Lydia's gone taking a poo
in the toilet so that's how long this is
gonna take one of the members of stuffs
just asked me if I'm not willing to
disembark I was like oh my girlfriend's
taking a poo waiting for her I think
Ashley will first ones on I mean last
ones on last ones off oh God
sponsor I'll quickly that will be all
soon time to embark on the one thing I
hate to do wait in a carousel like I'm
like a fish waiting to be fed like I'm
yeah like a muggle this is like trouble
is worst nightmare doing this exact
thing wait terminal through me again
yell does a Land Rover Defender and it
looks absolutely gorgeous he doesn't
have the black trim but more importantly
it's it's a working defender and mines
are not so good i it's like a genuinely
sad reminded at the moment I come out
the airport oh yeah you defend this
broken thanks
talk to you for Tom sexy dekhti thank
you good okay that's good all right is
the house still clean yes it's okay
it smells like sweet like pure sweetness
all right I was downstairs looking okay
okay she's put everything on tables a
little bit everything's looking nice and
tidy the floor before the floor is look
Oh looks like brand new like test test
did she move did she move the bin I
don't know about that stains Beth I
don't know about them stains bevel up
some stains there but I tell you what
ooh
so looking much better much much better
than he did last time I saw Evan because
I was up till like 6:00 a.m. last night
I'm trying go to sleep so I'm gonna get
a little bit enough today's one's gonna
be a potato way plus it's a Sunday
anyway so I'm not really much happens on
a Sunday but I'm tired so I last
welcome to the impossible task I'm
trying to do here right this is my email
account connected to my YouTube channel
right and here it says one of many
ignore one of many seriously it's one of
873,000 emails and I've always wanted to
get this email address back and I've
just never done this like a way to
delete all of them because there's so
many it just will not delete them so I'm
attempting to regain this email back
whether I have to set up a bot to tick
this box and delete 100 at a time which
I don't even know how long that take
because a long time but I will get his
email back eventually after that finish
loading I managed to get rid of the
whole 3000 crawl about this cold weather
in England absolutely freezing the
defender still broken ain't moving that
anytime soon I did actually hope to have
it booked in and get fixed by now but
Jaguar Land Rover my last boat to them
there's like yeah we'll get in touch it
they're still not replied and it's so
called in England there's a layer of ice
on my count and it's like what five
o'clock in the afternoon what did the
head someone touch my pastor yeah sure
that's my attempts at the meme okay I'll
run out of cocktail ring whatever what
are you doing yeah aren't you the best
where are they in there
Louisa Maggie DS oh my god I miss them
so much
Oh oh really you missed me you missed me
are you mentioning it oh my god are you
doing and the freezing god I miss you
guys so much this trip no no baby no you
okay oh my god love this house Olivia's
sister
got a little kid how to pronounce the
name Algernon what's that from it makes
me it makes you trying to box me or
something
it like makes me realize how big Lina
Gatsby I was small what I was even
weirder
I'm not seeing a kitten with ears and
forever hello Oh My lordy he's gorgeous
he's absolutely gorgeous he's just
minding his own business strolling
around eating everything meanwhile he's
got hope
Oh God speeds okay mr. no where no neck
boy don't you go take a nap in our
basket wait is that yours
no no hello oh my gosh you are so cute
oh she's like bucking up one away from
me hey sorry he's backing away from me
but more importantly look at these two
you just you're like the hyenas no you
let the hyenas out lion king look always
watching always wondering
yeah he's Simba he's no he's East Simba
but oh I like I love up there getting
along so well when Alice is that deer
walks in it's okay is this the kitten
spoon or is this our food though that's
not all that's our food oh that's why
they're probably confused don't worry
about it we've got plenty more I'm
waiting for someone today it is cold
right
taking the kitties home picked up from
mums Lydia is gonna stay at Mom's to
that because she's gonna go back to work
that was that how could they trying to
get my seatbelt now that but uh
Lydia's staying at home tonight because
she's got start work in the morning so
that means back to school but she's on
stat for two days and then she's got her
operation so
scary times but she'll be okay and that
kitties are home you know I know you
guys need some like bigger sofas like
yeah but the other place don't you
this home is just not as comfortable
having nice people I'm so poor for you
upstairs
you be nice and cozy and so will you and
you good poo and this we go over there's
a nice little bed okay sweet kind of
like that we move the cat from inside
there too outside here now I might make
a proper bed for them under the stairs
sort of thing but it's nice because they
get to roam down and upstairs everything
seems to work out cool but more
importantly Steve gets entertainment for
the day and now I've got this mirror so
the cats can watch themselves scratch
nice right
that mirror only cost like 20 quid how
amazing is that deep breaths deep
breaths - you know that thing like where
you shake the milk before and you're
like yeah it's fine but then you
accidently shake your milk again yeah I
actually shook the milk again with the
lid I thought was still on
god damnit I always thought well I have
to do this in a lifetime I've actually
never done this before oh I'm gonna
stink absolutely stink of sour milk
supposed to by septic original spill
your milk get your like that
inscription hey don't panic
Cadbury's hot chocolate well actually it
was the whole source of the problem but
either way it does all right
broken bones fixes it disclaimer it
doesn't actually fix broken bones it
fixes it swear down fruit if you're a
gamer you know what this is you know
what this is it's runescape but you know
what this is let's go boys skill belies
what you know what you know about we
bought oh don't we bundle about rage
into goddamn dragons you go down you
little bitch look at that Dragon Slayer
complete please oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah take his head take off
his goddamn head to the major okay go on
look at that look at that trophy head
trophy head please
and a bing-bang-boom come on where is it
give it back come on stop talking stop
talking yeah you know you ever if you
ever played runescape you know that was
one of the hardest quests ever as a
little noob but you know what easy mode
board 101 I got submit now as I'm going
to bed no way I got the stuff that I
need to do but I was just bored so you
know what boom nice to complete all the
free-to-play quests on runescape now
this all begins
read basically means I haven't done it
I'm tired and when I go to bed so guess
what I'm going to bed but mother what my
sleep has been so kind of like deprived
of me yes it under damn I was up to like
sheep o'clock every night but it's been
so deprived of me because I've got this
this like business idea in my head that
I love and I want to act on and I want
to act on it as fast as possible as soon
as possible so I'm trying my best
Lukie to get I'm trying my best to act
on it but you know I'm not trying to
live you said like don't rush it make it
right and you'll be happy with it so I
got this but this business project that
I'm not talk about yeah and so I got it
all like confirmed and everything like
that
I trademarked or whatever you want to
call it just so like no one goes to any
idea but once I've got that done I'm
pretty stoked to tell you guys about
exam I think a few of you will be
interested no not a lot but a few of you
will be interested in what it is that
I'm doing right global why you create a
business for an audience that doesn't
want it try something new like create
something new I like stepping into a
field that I have no involvement with
whatsoever I'm trying to make it because
I've stepped into other fields and then
just like dominate that field I've got
something I feel will be very very
successful like the point where I was
like up till 6:00 a.m. like for six
hours just laying bed like oh my god oh
my god but it's all about the name if
you get the name right the rest kind of
just follows
