good morning New York City the Sun is
rising it's 7:00 a.m. I'm going back to
bed I told you I was gonna stand there
naked and hope for these people these
office buildings would see me but
unfortunately for you guys I'm not naked
you can see my reflection I'm wearing
boxers Shawn I'm going back to bed book
Hey oh there's Times Square I'm going to
bed
not even joking and I'm getting kicked
out the hotel at 12 o'clock that is
genuinely not a lie I was supposed to be
staying here for two days and
unfortunately only got booked in for one
night ask to be fuckery booked for
another night and stayed he said yeah
just ring us up tomorrow I was like
sweet rang him up today I was like yo K
just booked in another night same hotel
room where I still I'm sold out to move
he said nope we're sold out you have to
get out your room by 12 so in about five
hours I've got to get out this bedroom
so I'm lost in New York it's like home
alone take two was that even in New York
I think it was ah that is amazing that
is so good trust me to be in New York
when one of the screens crashes and it's
just showing the Windows desktop with
Chinese letters or something all over it
hotel room you didn't be good for the
night you did what I needed a place to
stay unfortunately it would have been
nice to sleep too like 2:00 p.m. in the
afternoon even though it's the waste of
the day it would have been a nice job
but uh sadly because I didn't cook an
extra night yesterday on the day before
I'm having to leave the room right now
and because I'm having to leave the room
I'm taking this with me this is not mine
I don't care what they say I'm taking it
holy shit this place is so nice in the
daytime the Sun hits it everywhere god
I'm such a tourist I love it this might
be the oddest most Crazy's pair of
oakley sunglasses I have ever seen I
just walked a long time Speer and I saw
there's an Oakland store I was like I'm
going in I'm taking everything I take it
back I take it back entirely what the
fuck Odie's I don't need no map I don't
need no guide walking along and a fan PI
State Building I'm gonna try and see if
I'm get set top of it look at the size
of the receipt to go up to the
as tall as the fucking building so I
just walk into the Empire State Building
with the longest pussy in the world and
Christian lose this shit it is gonna be
your syndicate which is and this guy
wants to be my hopefully he's gonna
sneak me into some places that you're
not supposed to sneak into we'll see
we'll see it's genuinely so awesome
meeting so many of you guys in the most
peculiar places like paces places like
Christian could have not been working
today I could've like okay I'm sorry I
apologize idea like I said I'm so glad I
bought this ticket it was like 35
dollars to like normally queue up and
I'd have to wait like 45 minutes it was
$50 and you walk straight past
everything so I'm walking straight past
everything quite right to the top and
just going wow would you just look at it
and we made it to the top in the queue I
met like somebody worked for United
Airlines who's worked there for 30 years
American Airlines sorry but I also met
her daughter Sarah who's like 12 he
watches all I have cupcakes videos so I
took a photo with her and Senator I have
cooked way because we know each other
like Sarah says I have been a nice guy
that's guy Tom but oh my god guys guys
guys I'm so high right now like
literally so damn high right now that
pigeon didn't even fly up it just rail
the edge
just look at them you and the reflection
of my glasses it's fucking epic I still
can't get over that pitch and it was
amazing what first oh yeah
that is fucking massive I'm Ground Zero
boys it's extremely windy so sorry about
that and my nipples are absolutely saw
as a rock cause it's called the shit
but I genuinely I'm so mind blown by
this cuz there's a kid like I made like
a tribute video with my first ever
YouTube videos I won't even tell you
which channel it's on
I made a tribute video for like the
victims of 9/11 like just after it
happened and it's just like the people
people threw themselves out the window
to escape being crushed and burnt alive
he threw themselves to the ground and
people you could hear what sounded like
crunching all around the city was people
throwing themselves at the windows
landing on cars setting car alarms off
oh man here's the second pool as well
that's crazy
I thought it was just that one and then
there I don't know it took up all this
space man this is nuts no idea what this
queues for is crazy big though
apparently secretary a half hour long
what the fuck just find out what it is
it's a 9/11 museum and the queue goes
all the way wrapped around there all the
way down there it's crazy but I'm going
looking at the survivor tree now so try
and find that so the trip the tree was
here when the accident happened and then
this part this is all about surviving up
to there that is a crazy story yeah
thank you that is absolutely insane and
then it's just regrown that's amazing
that it's absolutely amazing
unless you come here and see it in
person yeah I think to do ever grasp how
frigging mad it genuinely is I am
totally totally renting one of these
bikes hopefully if I can get it working
I'm gonna rent that and then I'm gonna
ride along the outsides of New York we
got a bike boys we got a bike this is
what I'm probably gonna crush because
people are on the wrong side of the
walkway but you know people don't care
sometimes yeah cruising along right in
towards the bridge at the end of the
pier I don't know go and check
everything out this is awesome I'm so
glad I did this okay you love it I would
join this so much I made it to pair a
like towards the bottom of New York what
is that thing over there I don't ask but
check that what I'm just riding along
listening to Frank Sinatra this is like
always greatest hits from Spotify this
is a great day weather's pretty cold but
it's kind of perfect if I possibly found
the worst thing in New York this guy
that's a handful of selfie sticks and a
bag full of selfie sticks that he's
selling god damn it New York get some
decency that might be the most badass
statue I have ever seen in my life
there is the Statue of Liberty chilling
with her torch she's getting lit getting
turn up holy shit look at that thing
it's massive ha ha whoa have it's a
Brooklyn Bridge that is thickly big
ability what's it called
no the Golden Gate Bridge in San Diego
San Francisco I'm an idiot
but this is more rustic oh my god I'm
not gonna lie it smells like shit here
in New York you have this beautiful
beautiful view a beautiful beautiful
bridge it snows like Cher and the beach
looks is that a monster truck tire
invited you to say the least
shoutout to Casey I have seen him ride
up and down here so many times but the
thing is that this vlog is all over the
country like la other places but this
city New York belongs to Casey shoutout
to you man so glad you stayed your vlog
before we got hit champagne so windy
no this video is not in Reverse before
you ask
yep this is this is in real time I don't
think she got the concept of walking
forward what are the chances I'm just
riding them like the outside of New York
and I've just drove fast this beautycon
this is where Lexus so I'm just like
Adventure on my own waiting for her to
finish and she's currently inside here
so I'm gonna try and do is sneak in and
pretend I'm a beauty professional and
like kind of like show my Twitter and my
YouTube blog here yeah look I do
tutorials and shit yeah not good I
dropped off the bike just like that and
I have to dude walk back down this road
go to the convention and try and sneak
myself in this guy definitely thinks
he's in GTA
yeah why not yeah absolutely why not
what you pick that car up and push out
of the way though hilarious all right so
we're gonna go see wax and this is
tomorrow
she's a legend no just she's like why do
people watch you on YouTube I was like I
don't know but yeah I don't know I don't
know just like that we made over the
media badge okay I might possibly be the
only guy in this entire building
and don't mind me just walking around oh
my god there's a fucking unicorn okay I
can't resist I could not resist
I am definitely drawing a penis on this
wall okay Ally of course wasn't good for
a penis and the roots in the girl if you
were at beautycon in a girl my name is
Ben yes
Oh guys no I got caught I got caught Joe
was outside just waiting for his sister
I've been spotted going to a beauty
place oh my God my life is over but nice
to meet this far away from Long Island
oh well I'm all the way from England
finally did it well just right away
stood over there and I see this annoying
woman from Nick's cut MAC Cosmetics I'm
gonna kick her fucking ass and say she
started oh man I'm just gonna play kick
in the dick but like honestly she's a
legend and that's my first running into
someone joined by ginger bitch runner
harrison ginger bitches friend sorry
about your a ginger bitch of the day
right we're going cruising from here I
won awesome plan of action I really
wanna try to it's not with you though oh
no I'm saving it I'm trying to save it
for Lex to see if she wants to do it
she's probably not so we're gonna go and
ride around a bikes and do cool shit
let's go in the shady cheering of chrome
turn you have to wait we're going
walking with an iPhone what's riding is
difficult fucking work either way I'm
managing to do it kicking a chill this
is awesome wow that's awesome deck where
are we headed to Tribeca yeah we're
going to strike back because I'm gonna
try me okay cos I'm still here but if
not I'm gonna drive past his office and
he put stickers everywhere so I'm a
sucker sticker saying go fuck yourself
Gacy give me a give me a boosted border
else insane driving around like lost
children we finally found it
we're not cursed you're worth it
obviously it's a fucking weekday but we
nonetheless we found it we drove past it
so it's has a few more obvious for some
reason but the one thing I recognized
with that green thing yeah I came to
your place of work you owe me a beer
over here we were about to leave
that's the Preston way these eggs we go
focus yes
go dad we got 50 seconds ma oh my gosh
Oh would you look at that view just look
at it
do you ever played gta4 you would
totally recognize this boat being like
the the tugboat that you could steal it
was so good yes this is such a good
would you look at that view oh that is
incredible daddy proud dad are you proud
this has been such a good like amount of
traveling this right now
this is shit I know you can this
summarizes the epicness of me traveling
with my job and meeting you guys and
stuff this is fucking awesome oh it's
going all over the place this is a
restaurant how they're keeping keep the
food and drink still I have no idea for
the record it's so cold sending a text
or a tweet is the most impossible thing
ever I love you you know homie yeah so
I'm gonna collect my you see my eyes
doing that twitching thing what's he
doing kisi
you don't think you can physically see
him I'm also like was but basically I'm
collecting my bags went back up to the
hotel seeing if they happen to have any
more rooms if you're not a nicer room
than just a normal room suck in steaks
it's a nice little town I know where
everything is around it if not I've got
to get my bag get my laptop look for
somewhere else book in go over there
drop my shit off and yeah then go up the
food afterwards so let's hope my bag
laptop still there otherwise we're gonna
have a struggle finding a new hotel from
that it's half-past seven on a Saturday
night and I'm stuck here in the hotel
lobby
I'm not even staying I'm staying at this
hotel I finally booked a new hotel
you might see some look at the elevators
and I finally just got my vlog up from
yesterday it's like what time in the UK
like if it's seven o'clock here six
hours ahead alright yeah it's like
midnight maybe in the UK so I feel
really really bad that the vlog go up
slowly but like it's one of the best
vlogs of my life I've ever done just
because so much craziness happens so I
feel really bad I say 6:00 p.m. every
single day I wrote a video but when I'm
traveling it's really fucking difficult
YouTube really needs to update their app
so I can do my stuff on the move you can
upload but you can't edit all your shit
once it's uploaded after that so
hopefully I'll be meeting with em soon
and start it all out but yeah this is
this is what my life looks like right
now behind the scenes ok iPhone is this
some sort of sick joke every time I put
me my fucking pocket there just fuck
made it to the net next place this worst
day of the day totally knackered like
speed walked here but luckily the
booking works so I've got room for the
night I'm not homeless we made it this
is good this bed looks amazing and she
was like you should have a really nice
view from your room so I'm gonna check
out what she classes as a really nice
view so from what I can see that's half
a building I can see a Barclays a
Barclays bank in Sarawak so you guys can
see I can see okay that's the building
there this is a proper light corner
piece see a spike a bar cursing and some
of that says Liam's so boys we killed it
however this is actually a really nice
hotel room it was really cheaper so like
$250 like what was that like 110 pounds
oh no someone that but I don't know 106
pounds nice it's like a really nice room
tonight it's perfect Anees a bed but we
always do the test there's the room
here's the bathroom very nice who for
once that what the first hotel in a long
time I will say that with no wonderful
lighting will this fix it no fuck mirror
Jesus Christ that is bright but the test
as always is interior decoration and
size gets a seven and a half out of ten
actually size seven out of ten
decoration a tower 10 right you ready
comfort test
mmm-hmm okay this gets a solid weight
sleep the way I would sleep like this
okay this guess this gets a seven that's
good overall I give it a seven a half
out of ten good job
Marriott somewhere well like I said we
screw up nicely but I think this is like
one of the rare times you see Tom in a
shirt but I gave her a mission I said I
want to go out somewhere to eat now but
I want to go somewhere nice so we'll see
whether we're not going to McDonald's or
going to a restaurant
either way I'm dressed for each occasion
so let's go definitely the best thing I
love about New York is you can just walk
outside any building and there's a cab
driving by right away it's so fucking
convenient yep
it's so good so so good so you saw me
and Dec here last night and he was like
really quiet at two o'clock in the
morning look he is now it's 9 o'clock at
night
fucking tourists I happened to be
waiting to go and eat in a restaurant
and I hear a British voice and it was
Patrick he was going wait a minute I
know this guy what game he's like seven
four five damn thracian people I'm a I'm
five foot ten I'm going in Toys R Us I
saw it yesterday I'm going in and buying
everything everything even buying her
glasses I do my god
I am totally totally going on that it's
made out of Lego I think this is awesome
yo if this didn't cost that much I swear
to god I'd buy one of these and put it
in my house oh my god and just to fuck
with people cuz why not cuz why the hell
not
it's broke yeah what what's the guy's
name Johnson
I'm stuck in the brownie section I'm
stuck in the brownie section oh my god
I'm stuck in the brownie section for Tom
what are you doing this is just what
what okay I was impressive
Americans you've got two bad habits one
is putting pickles with everything and
that's guacamole no think I'm always a
fucking horrible
all right I ordered I ordered room
service in my last vlog and they fucking
brought a pickle on its own I even show
you the pickle bites on in its own plate
and tray bullshit but now what is with
this constantly putting pumpkins in
things no no
Obama it's not acceptable okay I'm gonna
try them no no Netflix chill out no
Netflix and chill it's not happening I
said that once in my last vlog I never
was like does that mean you're gonna no
shut up I just watched that absolute
fail back of me walking into a glass
fucking door and dropped my phone but
anyway guys that's gonna wrap up today
hopefully was fun and adventurous I
thought it pretty much was so it's been
a good daily vlog tomorrow I'm going to
try my best to get on a helicopter tour
like I've come to New York I want to do
the most I can in the time that I'm here
I am back out here in a week but I just
want to try my best to go and do it so
hopefully a helicopter tour tomorrow
maybe with deck so that should be pretty
sick well I've had an absolute blast
they're great from the Pyke's definitely
made it the fact that like what made
this trip amazing is all the stuff that
I had planned out like gotta be here by
this time gotta have this got to do that
got to do that like to make this trip
even possible the amount of stress and
effort and money and time coming to New
York took up was insane but I did it I
made it and I'm stoked the fact that I
fucking managed to do it so it's been a
blast I'm going to bed I'm not I'm gonna
watch Netflix like three hours let's go
I took like two no but three episodes of
Gotham life so exactly three hours I'm
going to bed so thanks for watching you
guys have been legendary sorry about the
late vlogs
my time traveling is coming difficult
but make sure you subscribe you never
miss a video from my face a kind of kind
of up world every single day six o'clock
if it's not like I'm not stupid and make
sure you leave a like brain lets me know
join the video and I'll see you guys
tomorrow for more adventures in New York
this is gonna be a bitch to edit because
it was so many videos from today fudge
