ah damn I'm so glad I got my hair cut
because now I look like I'm gonna buy
band with silver tips in my hair are you
ready to start today you better be ready
because my day has so far been pretty
damn crazy I went to bed at like 6 a.m.
I was like yeah get loads of sleep so
it's gonna be awesome I'm gonna be dead
fresh for tomorrow psych 10 a.m. someone
knocked at my door I got out of bed they
were gone 11 a.m. I've got a phone call
saying hey Tom there's a really
important package coming getting
delivered to your door it said it was
coming around like 10:00 11:00 make sure
you get it otherwise it's trouble I
don't like story short because I've got
start streaming shortly see shot shortly
is basically you know I'm going to
Russia
okay we had to sign up to get a visa for
me to be able to go into the Russian
country it's set
yeah Russian country itself Siberia yeah
okay that makes no sense
basically we sent off my passport with a
lot of details off to I think even New
York or San Francisco basically they
turn around was like ah the informations
wrong that you filled in it we're like
what that means is tomorrow you know I'm
supposed to be going to New York
psych today I'm going to New York and
the only way for me to be able to get to
Russia
on time after spending like over $1,000
and equipment for the trip I think
you're gonna fall I think you're gonna
fall fuck I have to basically fly
tonight to get there into New York about
3 a.m. lund about 3 a.m. I then get
about 4 hours sleep up to get up after
rush to the embassy the Russian embassy
fill it all in
games confirm it and then I'm good I'm
set I'm finished I can't fly tomorrow
because he'll fly tomorrow
by the time I get there I'll be 7 p.m.
the next day which will mean that
embassy will be closed so it's a lot of
chaos but basically I'm going to New
York today shit about never been to New
York in his life and then I go in three
times within the same month it's so
amazing that I still don't have a desk
so this is my second cell for streaming
on
this this time today we're using a
webcam so I'm pretty stoked to get that
going but look how amazing my deck setup
is over there and then this up it's just
simply adorable let's do this bring it
on bitches we're going to Washington DC
to say hello to Obama
disclaimer I'm not going to seek Obama
I'm going to go and see the American
Embassy Russian embassies what this
right here ladies and gents is all my
swag for Russia so if it all goes to
plan I get to use it if I don't manage
together it's Washington get my visa
sorted all this is giving it shipped to
the UK and I'm gonna go to Scotland and
I'm gonna walk up then there this cuz
why the fuck not then as to why I'm
wearing a hoodie in LA I just simply do
not fucking know I really don't know
it's so good enough hot and I am gonna
walk in an hour in it sweat my tits off
you don't get a burger so fuck yeah and
I decided to take the stairs just
because if I always take the stairs
going down then it's a bit of exercise
every single day so why not after my
whole spiel of saying how high it is in
LA it's not too bad so it's either a 12
minute walk or a 5 minute run let's get
my jag on
look half-a-mile litter light two
minutes
I'll turn up miss okay nekkid literally
can occur but no it's right there so
it's had to walk the final millisecond
no me yeah get some food and bounce the
fuck out of it honestly don't hug me I'm
scared is just it was just a thing that
I don't think was meant to go viral they
did and then when it went so viral about
everyone now just craves for the next
one cuz it just weird you out that much
and the storylines make no sense not
really there might be some hidden
message in it but I did not pick up on
it that's all I'm saying
what is that other person's Drive talk
about a hell of a fucking adventure Luke
the fuck so you guys saw me in the over
with in and out troubling that way I
just took a traffic for an hour
basically if not an hour to fucking half
right travelling across town got across
town as soon as I got that Luke was like
bro the guy is back where you fucking
came from fuck so that happened but
whilst I was on my way I got speaking to
a ttle ex and Lex basically said like
she was like Wayne fine to Washington DC
or Washington like Washington like on
the East Coast I'm sorry I was like no
no no DC and then she was like are you
sure you book the right flight I was
like I think so so when I checked that's
what confirmation of me buying my ticket
didn't go through so just put on the
phone like we have no information to
give him a name of like some details and
they found me and I've got my
confirmation ticket so the flight is
good we're now tracking down a UPS truck
to find a whole new slice who's gonna
give me my passport to allow me to fly
to Washington to get my visa tomorrow to
they'll allow me to fly to New York as
well for the ball boom fuck yeah we just
fucking found him you have my passport
please
you are the man thank you so much Jason
passport acquired yes next step of the
journey me Luke in the visa forms bought
they sent back basically the stuff in
Russian so we're trying to work out what
the fuck is going on and I've got two
hours before I need to be flying so got
about an hour before I need to sell for
the airport and I'm saying is that I
hate disappointing people I I've got to
be in New York for a very important
reason and I don't want to miss
hey let people down I'm gonna let people
down we're gonna make shit happen and
get fuckin magic made boys it's gonna be
fucking epic these vlogs the next few
days they gonna be pretty sweet one
thing I didn't actually think up about
this trip is that I actually genuinely
get to spend a day in DC now like what
is it cuz it causes DCI Washington you
don't call it Virginia though there no
no vision it's not a part of you
oh it's not where is it no it's its own
I just found a state that's not a part
of the state all right just just prove
that point to someone out there you know
you are ginge bastard you know you know
you are but anyway I get to go and spend
a day so I'm gonna like swing bat on
White House but like yo brac what's up
tank you know cease thoughts and like
Kanye West running for president all
that sort of shit it should be pretty
good
and we still go see that guy's sat in
the chairs at Lincoln ya gonna see
Lincoln who's just chillin am I just
like him or with him and then anything
else that she do you should see the
penis I mean yeah Monument yeah that's
right question I see that as well I'm
gonna go and do basically a house of
cards tour of Washington so should we
sing that's what we gotta do but and
pick up on Halloween cancer and fuck and
I got to go for Halloween costumes fuck
you are the fucking man so thanks for
being a champion when they appreciate it
drive safe we up in LAX bitch boy I am
so tired I had a beer with Luke and it's
like putting me to sleep I got dropped
off at terminal 4 excuse me
but in the middle of the fucking path
fucking idiots but I got dropped off at
semaphore got work terminal six and they
said it's a ten minute walk great well I
can finally say
whoa so that guys wearing in his pumps I
did it got to the right place got my
ticket and now I am I don't just don't
give a fuck about vlogging out just like
I'm taking photos everyone so now we're
heading to gate 61 I'm so beyond tired
it's not even funny I'm just turning on
FaceTime in your mom I fucking love you
moon I love you but like look outside I
am this is genuinely tired Tom and this
is probably why I'm going to look like
for the next three days because it's
gonna be nonstop traveling but New York
City after Washington here I come I know
that right now this guy's face I wanna
Starbucks chocolate ice and coke that's
what I always get and I'm gonna Chuck a
brownie no than that I'm gonna get on
the plane and pass them four count for
four hours yeah I got a pumpkin spice
latte kind of chocolate muffin to
understand the enemy you must become the
enemy
I just bought pumpkin spice latte I
don't know why well everyone keeps
hyping about is I'm gonna try it
did you make it thank you for choosing
us early it's not part of the new
American
and evaded to Washington Street all
right so now I'm heading to the hotel
with a whopping
two hours sleep like I was like what is
he doing I'm vlogging well as one day
ends another one's about to begin so
this is gonna be my wrap-up for today's
vlog I got here into Washington DC I got
a 22 minute 22 mile taxi to jump on and
so I'm gonna dive on that and hopefully
get sorted meeting up with someone who's
gonna help me but get into the embassy
in about three hours so really really
tired at about two hours sleep but
because it's now 6:00 a.m. I'm gonna
wrap this vlog up and start filming
tomorrow's and try to get this uploaded
as soon as possible so yeah thank you
very much for watching make sure you
leave a like written let me know you
enjoyed the video subscribe to see more
of her face and today tomorrow's vlog
today's tomorrows is gonna be consistent
of me in Washington trying to trying to
get my Russian passport
I mean visa I'm so tired look out look
at this you've never seen these lines so
big in your life for
