would you just look at that unicorn so
much stuff to do but instead chilling
out on my bed relaxing for a bit how
about a minute to myself listen to logic
still I'm on like a three-day hype I
don't know why I'm just really digging
his music right now when I find good
shit oh yeah good shit force hey my
pretty said I could use his music so
thank you good sir
videos uploading taking forever because
I have potato internet that's good
always saw it time to clean the house
whoever clean it yes but they come and
basically mop the floors and shit like
that
I on the other hand I wash the dishes by
moving them to the dishwasher ah another
wet day in paradise but at least gonna
make the most of it we're getting a crew
together
oh we going bowling bitches as we're
going bowling and chiquitos I actually
don't really come to Cheetos often and
it's usually yep like I said usually
dead it's fucking empty really empty
I think we're in here somewhere
hello culligan this couldn't you make
upon their Alice put your face on
fuck you menu above oh yeah we get free
popcorn to start as in what the hell
seriously doing what the goos you
probably going to cinemas before and
just fill in two little pops oh that's
just beautiful loaded potatoes and quite
look at that cool corn and look at that
cool corn is that been like
I think it's been here look look I'm
pretty sure that's been here I'm pretty
sure that's an old piece of horn either
way no squad goals squad goals score
goals skulls knowledge so when I come to
kikyo's this like one dish in particular
that I really really like look good
little GG yeah so there's like one dish
that I really really like and it's the
chorizo skills with bronze so out that
never felt so out I ordered two of them
but I said no potatoes and a better
broccoli it brought me in forest
broccoli and loads of potatoes so either
way Oh analysis now are people corn so
either way long time I must go my fellow
rabbits need me
so awesome tonight I bumped into the
only other batch not only I'm in with
the crew
I raised a bump into someone off my old
college course like when I did my first
on life in the day of Seneca they were
in that vlog and I was like I recognize
him but I didn't know his real name he'd
been that long I was I I know faces
we're not names and then just recognize
someone else knows like I'm sure I know
that person for being someone's that
look to the side but I went to this I
went to school with a girl for like five
years Emily so Emily Jenkins she was
awesome pleasure to see her again we're
going bowling you're going down we doing
team guys you go now bitches okay team
okay team OKC okay team what's your team
name team name team name pick it now go
Valencia you're the kitties what's our
name we're the doggies we're a pile of
the doggies cats versus dogs great going
Cal first shot of the night bring it on
go online go online
oh it's a strike it's a goddamn strike
good job
give it Facebook nice going down bitches
for the record I gave us names so I'm
going to show you what we called we've
got Cal also known as handjob we've got
Tim dia MJ Michael Jackson and then
we've got kitty for me reading yo Cal's
a beast
I'm feeling pretty comfortable I team
yeah by the end of this I'm talking
gonna call peanut shot huh
I remember as a kid everyone just used
to change everyone's name different five
seconds oh I just know it's all the pros
were at the end yes I can't wait to see
them strike strike strike strike strike
strike the zone
you got straight fuck yeah not good but
not bad one more time you try a heavier
ball
way too heavy the holes are nothing like
that big that's what she said you ready
for trick shots
Oh
Oh
going on we were gonna take it
I took your shop axes we go Oh would you
get what you've been angry yo Alice
wouldn't let me shit shit help me back
you better get it straight now you
better get a strike why don't count your
life
and it wasn't that good did you do the
14 extra-large yeah that's what I did
I've been my thumb backwards a little
kitty with a leash Oh adorable Alice
okay I think you got it offered right
shorts on Europe I'm gonna put you in
depression you've got the barriers up
and everything which way what wait we'll
wait seven may I can look at 21 no don't
do that another finger re pick your
goddamn balls here's Alice just playing
with some balls oh did you cross the
line come on what are you doing Jesus
would just use a 10 10 Li do that me
maybe yo that took fucking long at all
guess you're waiting pester that okay in
the zone oh it's a strike it's a strike
that was good totally left me hanging
you bitch Alice mini egg please
yeah we know don't get it stock shed I
got you something come on let's try this
come on
come on put it on put it on the phones
are down to genuine and that wasn't the
genuine pittance that's a strike
no you aim with it no just rub it well
aim it homie
oh geez one go near the nail bed they
might not make it we gonna fuck
okay I'll see you ready oh wait you do
italiana maneuver
what are you doing oh come on show us a
strike I'm ready
well the minute that it was okay but it
wasn't that good
swear she's on crack final standings cal
101 India 90 Alice 830 94 I feel second
yes and you came last Michael Jackson
you came yeah washed yeah it's right
India stop the ball get ready quick I'm
next going sorry pal
all right strike time strike strike time
Cal from it's dry time we actually all
filming nothing
okay look realize you're like walking
foreplay
watch it
go boys
go boys no wait a minute why are you
ticket this is just floppy bird this is
literally just fluffy bird what they
completely ripped you off this lovely
bird oh my god
super PAC man air hockey yes you put
let's go home
hiding from me
don't waste time to turn this toothpick
into a million for Dallas boys oh great
excuse right violet spider boys burn
every little cookie silver by one game
not luck I'll look over cell pub oh yeah
everyone see you won't see these
motherfuckers till December nut bar we
meet again Alice we meet again
go fuck yourself I'm fucking around
since you can't get out of the parking
yeah yeah sorry remember boy do we find
our thoughts where's the box
fucks it gives a fox ha ha ha Oh India
saw me where tracky bottoms of the den
she liked him so she bought me some new
ones
oh she's caught up cuz took her always
wears like really low jogging bottoms
and she for some reason hates it so
where she bought me some new ones
thanks Jen deer put on Netflix look at
the color of this woman's skin look at
the color of her skin compared to
everyone I know it's part of the joke
it's not going far just like look at how
already thin sheets what the fuck
Benidorm 10 out of 10 makes me wanna
watch it but she looks like et yes yeah
she's bucking the fucking screen again
look out right at you look dupa good
stand next to her exactly kind of just
reference to how big that fucking TV is
more than anything watch oh the benefits
of living in a house by yourself angry
fish Oh spilt milk everywhere it's going
to like every crevice of my microwave
it's gonna smell like sour milk for
Tudor ages well I hope you enjoyed today
it was awesome I love your faces live
like rain subscribe and I'll see you
again tomorrow for whatever the hell
we're doing yet
