good morning world I'm not gonna lie I
feel so good
it is currently 3 o'clock in the
afternoon and I've just woke up and I do
not regret that one bit
but the comfiest night's sleep and now
it's time to go and celebrate getting a
knife and also the fact that it's quizes
birthday that's also I think god damn it
I love my clothing line this is I think
this is definitely my favorite shirt
life's too short make the most of it by
getting out of bed at 4 o'clock in the
afternoon I play video game alright that
you can buy like you know pixel stuff in
like that game but the game's called
counter-strike and there's this one guy
who spent $3,000 on that game how crazy
is that on the games down the libo is
pimp as hell yo he's got leopard
interior yes may I'm fully in the thick
of it going you know we frizam looking
everyone in Venice so let's go fucking
find them oh no one fucking told me that
this guy was gonna fucking be here I
know he was gonna be in before you
you're welcome you're invited oh fucking
boys
could you get a bigger drink if you try
write down it feels outer doubt it come
on do it do it do this thing oh my god
why are you enablers Jason fantastic
fuck alright I just give you guys
context we're out here for quizzes like
birthday maven is women's doctor
what is going on right now hi mom I like
your face I love you I like your face
you like his face
wait
we need more alcohol and we will get
bullshit really yeah cuz you could
totally see my face right now holy
fucking shit
oh no oh are you still alive
yeah how would you how do you exist
right now by this beautiful man this
video of my life before my swing
now say if you can't see my face
thanks quite possible this yeah that my
face is pure white we're drinking it was
this blueberry what the fuck is at the
bottom of that shit and this bothers a
fucking because there's often times
where people say Tov you're lacking swag
so getting up at 3 o'clock in the
morning afternoon I know John this is
ocean
this is thicker you know is how they're
all
Jericho we're about to watch a football
game why are you making me watch a
football game it's the u.s. you know I
don't like the long USA's gonna put
Mexico is that important
oh my God look at that being
okay forl√°n little friend on the brain
what's up let's go yeah I don't even
watch England versus whoever but over
here in a bar watching Mexico versus USA
I don't see why not
I really don't care I just made the bet
of bets I don't support them on tour
book quiz we decided that a USA where
these I give you fun dog sir if machs
going I gonna do for me if it's a draw
no one's anything we know well I don't
know the Mexico out then I lose I Mexico
put sugar in there three thousand
dollars getting a csgo last night I just
met a deal with this motherfucker v USA
wins I give him two thousand dollars but
if I win right
you owe me $2,000 and it's going to all
csgo unbox you go maybe you owe reaching
dumbbell rows coming
I know you got you got Tang Dempsey got
tagged Dempsey going down two men down
oh okay fucking love them guys right now
is one warrior to America the Mets so -
sure Betsy mom fuck you what we have a
$2,000 back on the game Tucker we need
you command who do you think is gonna
win the game
$2,000 bets go the US has been playing
real well Mexico has been getting a
little chippy I think it go the other
way
Oh God yeah 3y I'm thinking that the
u.s. is more composed they're gonna win
in the end
so you might way to cheer em up boys one
diesel diesel
as some reason decided to other 68 homes
I don't know why alcohol gets the better
view but no seriously about a city
I love matter how this bed guys we're a
future friends and fuck Mexico you
motherfucker
his words not mine I came outside
squeezies birthday I think I joined by
Jericho I'm this guy it was a fun back
so thank you yeah sellers check before
you follow your eyes I would make
mother's hand this is the guys drew ease
drunks
is he is a better friend all night good
we just fucking school children's $500
you owe me you owe me we got five
minutes
no you have 25 minutes a game without
care this is our game to not run to me
yeah
there is no way at all met Joe just
fucking scot-free - where's your father
dollars and you owe me - Brian go
fucking away
guys I'm fucking oh we'll ask the club
kill them I want to talk to do a good
guy Tom I don't know daddy's first time
my house is your over $2,000 right that
win who's doing oh my god I didn't know
I won Yami found jars you owe me $2,000
- so tonight I want two thousand two
thousand five dollars twelve csgo skins
let's fucking go ezel what I'm saying
these are the homemade it was like look
how tall you are
Lisl is like seven foot five and you've
not chick-fil-a in years
yes guess where we're going chick-fil-a
guys I might have one too no present
like I'm kidding I'm really really drunk
its bed thank you for Jesus today boy
this is a drink boys Tom I'm passing out
thanks soon goodbye
the only reason I'm vlogging right now
is the fact that I tell you I have no
idea how I got home last night ladies
and gentleman and oK you've seen drunk
Tom before you've seen me out partying
you see me doing whatever I really have
no idea how I got back to this apartment
at all I check my emails to see if I
under the new burner got a bill I
got receipt for a new began bringing me
home my pants there's a big by the side
of a bed in case I was gonna throw up
I have no idea how I got home I look
like I got punched in the face cuz all
my eyes swollen I have no idea at home I
think even drinking too much alcohol
I just didn't eat any food but that's
gonna wrap up yesterday's vlog look how
drunk I look look how drunk I'm still
drunk I have no idea of a fucking got
home I really don't
