well this is definitely run 'dom - dude
this is where it began
this is where of a gun making my YouTube
videos oh it's somebody long time no see
right you still gonna hate me
oh no he's okay hello you okay my little
one there don't Steve oh my dad told me
about us my dad bought ha what the fuck
is this about all the swag all the swag
alright I'm alright I'm alright
genuine yeah what do you know about swag
you actually look like something out of
like a Western film like you own like a
gold miner something like that
fabulous oh my gosh can you about doing
yourself my friend
fabulous that was so good oh my god man
legend CAD and does anyone remember this
being one of the tools in a fight in my
first ever vlog where as my brother lay
as chillin like I'm better and that
cannon along Steven what are you doing
why trying to escape little one this is
this is not what I supposed to put oh
you look like a fat metal lizard a
little big little shit dang whoa
stupid state I wonder you're going okay
listen I know you found the box of food
but just Steven step away from the
crickets and locusts they've done
nothing to you now I'll just go ahead
and move this one that's divine okay
look at all this message just made that
little shit okay Steven I'm going to try
and retrieve you and Richard ready okay
seven dollars a day oh oh shit
come piggies Steve
oh goody
wait rooms Eagles from Earth this is why
I love Steve I just do this gave out
strokey bed just let him chill
and it kicked their kicks a homie which
I'm good I know choke you right by stab
coach later look after yourself fuck my
bitch eat eight games now my dad's like
hey Tom come outside I got something to
show you
I already saw us through the window he's
ballin ebike Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay
oh so you oughta did you see you got it
did you fuckin damn son damn damn
nothing
Oh daddy's beautiful daddy's goddamn
sexual this thing is so lightweight you
ready ready all right nah just carry it
with ease all carbon fiber carbon fiber
swag no one ever believes me but look I
told you there's unicorns in this field
it's a scientific fact there's the
evidence we just couldn't make up the
series event that's happening me Carl
Luke Alice and India little kitty we're
all getting together going out for some
food and it's bonfire and I basically
still bought Cal drove here saw a fight
going on when he was picking us up sort
of fight going on dived out his cast put
up a fight this dude's face was all bust
up and like destroy you got beat up by
two guys who literally kick his head in
the ground and Cal broke you up so he's
a fucking legend of the hour when you're
doing so he's like the legend of the
hour and then kitty guys hello no
brothers so that shit went down and then
it's good to see you supposed time we
seen each other like get off me
neighbours don't hook like this a weirdo
you don't me get off no telling story so
like that shit went down and then you
crazy we just pulled into a cow bark I
think I'll just crushed his car so he
did something good and just got got bad
camera on that basically so hopefully
like we'll end up getting a free meal or
something you guys call these fruits
tripping so hard with this waitress it's
truly so hard
toilet I'm not a dream yeah one lots of
odd people that our local neighborhood
just could not get used to Zacks my so
but we got we got Cal what neighbors
well I'm just having a nice beverage
dinner and enjoying bonfire night Cheers
little kidding you're five seconds to
give the world a speech of inspiration
go
I love that's awful Adele I definitely
picked the best that's pretty good but
this oh look baby oh oh this is why we
brought Luke to England to be our person
to get us out with tight spaces just
right cheers man go fuck yourself fuck
yourself right go fuck yourself
oh yeah wait what so I just it blew out
the cop this is another wait we doing
shopping get in come on little one I
described to Luke watch a voise and he
then decide he said oh is that a cherry
so he's now nicknamed a chubby shit I
think we should no no no Luke we got
nine minutes to get where we need to go
let's go
b-but no oh you can all the fun
screaming they love it oh my god just
walk out
oh yeah and just can't is in every
single video shop I can't avoid it it's
just always there but no we looked at
ellis come here you like that no fuck
yourself
come in look this is the best thing
about the firework display ready one of
them is gonna hit there nice oh it just
keeps focusing on his head instead of
the fly over time and again blue I like
that folks new rollers we looks bright
game Night Live cow game at let's go
what was that called me I actually think
we missed the five others away huh
shit this is the finale Oh many impress
hello India it's so intense
it lasts longer than me so impressed
waiting for like a book oh that's no odd
if you are I wanna see okay this is
laughing too long now first we'll be
over to my five second number oh well
shit this purse is stuck on this field
and they're wrecking their engine core
Gao LAN Gao LAN yes oh my god war wreck
that engine
either way one way one way or another we
just found my dad randomly this time and
I bumped into him there you go alright
mine does drunkards there you go thanks
and then come on either way we found him
well you do need me in buying luxuries
for your fire
hi they are you sites it begins the
tournament of tournament about girls
wait what the team's all just split
apart then I realize we just need two
more rows we need more Lucas found
himself in the ambience of the air at
the open door was replayed beer pong ILO
cricket look what's up making us drink
now it'll be good boy Maya one can view
it's so wet you so fucking wet fuck that
shit
alright they threw the ball it gave me a
cup bugs but and went in the cup so you
have to drink it that's a rule wanna
know how I got these friends knowledge
drop out of college I had no word to
rhyme with that ball I don't know what's
going on right now the beer pong got
swim yeah I got good news and bad news
we lost because they just got in but we
called for a review or a board rebuttal
so basically me and Alice have one shot
each to get them ones out and eliminated
if we get it we win if we don't then we
have to drink this this and that you
ready left-handed shot let's add a shot
I fucking have no idea I'm doing we
haven't won we've got drugs a drinks now
yeah we fuck my life you fucking much
it's every time I'm back out here that I
can just appreciate everything about my
life you can do whatever you want with
your life you can do whatever you want
with your money and I decided to build
my dream home and I'm forever thankful
for it and every time I'm out here it
reminds me of that we're migrating we
got the big
the champagne and we have the iPod for
music we're good
hey well you know what we're very good
night you want a beer pong go fuck
yourself 10-year Alice you did good as a
teammate tribal luminous poopdeck do I
say that
either way all right what we're doing is
we shot out of the hot tub Luke you
leave to America tomorrow buddy no the
man the legend himself leaves tomorrow
boy I'm not too sure what's gonna paint
the homeless guy will always have
himself a home at my house hey girl
so anyway I'm going guys I'm wrap it up
tonight that you very much for watching
if you enjoyed the vlog make sure you
subscribe I make new blogs every single
day 6 p.m. UK time
leave a like likes me no you enjoy the
video and that's our fort Tommy
