we only just had this room cleaned
yesterday look at it look at it
ha rows pals towels booklets a
half-eaten strawberries also don't eat
yellow snow this I just been kicked down
before why did they kick you down is it
because I fired and it smells so bad
that you told security to come fast so
it's a new dam still damn well if you
forgot this is indeed the first day in
Amsterdam I believe that it's been not
raining or grey yep yeah and we have
only just stepped outside after whopping
2 p.m.
what should we have done today I think
it's where'd he get from there has to be
rental places like in London hmm so I
immediately got my attention was the gay
socks but then I realized they've got
Donald Trump sucks
nice wait what fuck you sucks yeah I
like the stock shop
well going by canal boats pretty cool
you might do that later on but oh my
lord a horse and carriage ah oh that's a
very floppy horse isn't it where's your
put your ha ha ha ha Amsterdam Ian I
come all the way to Amsterdam what do
you see yes assemble yeah what does it
say on the side of it let's try and
pronounce this Rainer re traitor
del seconds and catering it's a catering
company I get it it's the delivery
company for the look that logo is on
that window and they sell current
that's the guy who owns the van Oh many
bikes oh my lord look at them absolutely
everywhere man in chief
so think we've made it to our debt yep
this is it
where are we going babe continue the
name I live in Thailand we're going to
the food Holland which apparently I
think it's like a place we're working to
Manchester where it's just like a
massive actually even looks like it like
it's just like a massive master open
area with loads of different foods
inside so let's check it Amsterdam mmm
20 minute walk and we have made it what
does that mean I have food Alan this
what we're looking for food Alan tada
is this what you're looking for nice big
loads oh yeah oh come on
loads of different restaurants all
around the side you just eat in the
middle community in look at it so much
look at that hot doggy oh it sounds mmm
I get a pretty dope little dim sum in
place so something deep fried something
different and thank you I've come to a
circle I think I'm definitely going for
bacon and chips - pork plastic mustard
sauce bacon chips I don't know but I
want it turns out that it's not oh thank
you very much appreciate that is not the
dog I was talking about that's such a
the dog of the month
look at it I am serious again into
trying my different types of it is I've
gone for an eye sweet or whatever you
want to call it I don't even care if
it's no I don't I don't
oh hello very nice it's here there you
go put it to be blissfully in answer
them I don't know where it's from
all I know is that it looks gorgeous
you're gonna love it smells good as well
good-looking breakfast yeah literally
had no breakfast this is my breakfast
dinner and brunch everything you oughta
call it doing 20 plus three is this
how'd you get this from what
where'd you smuggle this wrong
Wow oh good I'm pretty sure that
cilantro I hope it's not what I think it
is
I think it's just time Islam it's a
green leaf but I don't like it as for my
my beer
very nice very very nice my hot dog
who's very nuts I'd probably give it
like an 8.5 out of 10 I haven't drunk on
the public I just don't want to cut
ourselves some ramen that looks like a
good broth tastes good happen was
interesting however you sue you walk out
that you've got this nice little market
section area which smells amazing
I don't know what it is where it's
coming from but it's not good oh yeah oh
shit turn round
this guy's these guys to me where does
the kiss here bro
very nice oh very nice to meet you as
well dude is rocky one of my shoes all
the way in
Lydia's found more food yet again even
more that was so awesome super good
deals good what is it
any Ben cakes yeah wait this is free
free gluhwein notice that's free divine
hell yeah we're truly showing people how
much because we usually pay thirty pound
fifty for a gluhwein I'm like three
pound fifty as well a mini pancakes
instead
yeah you get free gluhwein and maybe fun
cakes for one year oh yes
but us you get seven mini pancakes for
one year and free gluhwein
nice one euro 1 euro one pancake left
but we've got 7 pancakes and they blew
fine me we are coming back in next year
I'm telling you and this became pretty
obvious now when we walked up the food
hall I bumped into three people I was
like man this is a bit suspect that
people just happen but the entire time
we've been here I bumped into no-one
from Amsterdam just people from like all
the countries and stuff like that but
then someone just saw us stood there and
he came over he was like hey I saw your
tweets and you're in the food hall like
when I post photos most of times I'm not
actually at the place but I've taken the
photo I'm usually like at home in bed
and then I post the photo so it's nice
that bumped into him but just a heads up
if you are usually posed to photo I'm
not actually in that place I do that so
I just post another time so if you ever
go looking for me I'm not there I'm
sorry I apologize time to see your funny
walk go welcome to the Ministry of Silly
Walks go that's just that's just running
I'm not with him it'd take me a long
time to get everywhere different I'm
sorry
so it's like five o'clock
getting there it's going dark what is
this how was food Holland rate this
Google just popped up asking me if I'd
like to rate it was doing yourself you
couldn't see it Houston when it was
going anyway
we're looking for but wait just I need
to clarify not one drug was taken its
entire trip I know everyone yesterday
when we gonna see did a lot we were high
when you're putting grapes in molasses
everyone was like just so high look
that's true yeah no joke literally do
not care do not care about partaking in
the drugs if I did I just put it in the
vlog and show you guys cuz it's legal
here but just not interested take it as
you want but anyway we're gonna continue
our Silly Walks what i knew i need you
in the face daddy we're going to need
that in english was too close together
okay i'm sorry yeah totally just put my
finger up the nose whatever
Kaleem it's a lot of whipped cream look
at you in the zone right now you're like
eh thank you very much I'll bet I say
intrusive out of yours yes please
had some good whipped cream for the
Chinese kid was looking right at me I
said bonne journee look straight through
me don't think he spoke French alright
so that was a national chocolate from
the Coffee Company Cheers
what
me but I didn't get any that and that
entire boy I didn't get a single bit of
hot chocolate right back yeah
I got through to it the chocolate oh my
god that's good
have you tried it yet mmm mmm
seriously good we've made our way to
Diagon Alley in in Amsterdam and this
absolute little beautiful spot and found
this bill better getting the lychee
going that's pretty good I really want
to go in there but it's seriously full
so nope you can wear whatever you want
to wear and if you want to wear no I am
going to judge you but accept your
decision
dear mr. Purcell as requested ever
Ranger Mitchell in star restaurant
reservation for you to try to the
fabulous bridges in Sutter tell the
Grand Hotel it's located at at OD did
roulade 197 which is about 10 min to
walk from the hotel they're expecting
you about you've to rename Cassell at
20:30
on Saturday the 6th of January we got
ourselves some dinner reservations your
with that means we need to go shoe
shopping for Lydia so she can wear some
shoes me one I sleep
did you enjoy hiding now exactly
advertised to be well bought the sex
museum I obviously won't be able to show
you much of the sex museum but here's an
example of really creepy shit weren't
weird enough we just got to Japanese
section this is like nineteen hundred's
or whatever and you've got like geishas
being it mounted by octopuses monkeys
and yeah I'm gonna ask bending a woman
over there yeah I really can't film any
of this well yeah I'm not even gonna
film what this guy does you can take a
guess have you found the perfect crown
for my my throne platinum Oh to match
okay okay let's take a look in here then
what does it say welcome not for basic
people we only sell fancy stuff booth
supreme money machine Baba clipper think
I want to say bike what breaker but I
don't want to say it actually it's
awkward yes I like that a lot I don't
care about supreme I just like the idea
of Tony Montana being on a skateboard
that's dope and all this is way too
expensive this
this is way too high for us I don't
think this is actually from the car
company bagatti
however they'd be jeweled the shit out
of a coffee machine and it's now called
the Gotti is away feel what would you
like me to wear some 120 euros they'd
better be
would you rather own up more that oh
yeah I'm not no no no no no no no
goddamn epitaph what does this say in
look closely in the mirrors sensor
lighting the lights are on but whatever
I actually really want that I don't pay
that much money for it but I really want
a clock oh it does join oh it's just
beautiful
they still like sleek and sophisticated
I really like that
got it got it see it does actually chime
go on pop it huh yeah Oh
this doesn't make sense it's only like
twenty five seven or something it's not
even on the hour
what does this mean have you know are
you happy now that you've finally got a
walk it's whatever it is non-stop you're
the best like kicking me I want it's
true well I might you'll get one is it
good really no it's even nice and
knowing you're happy
fresh non-iron sure fresh seven lady I
said my lady
are you ready I said my lady are you
ready yet I said my lady you're not
ready yet
I said are you not really trying to
trick you I'd like to find our problem
in this room it says to to sits on the
wall because the decorate was like oh
this is room two to six I'll just show
you something judge yourself wrong room
sorry make you tried and you failed slay
slay
which Olivia you want to get back in the
air don't get back in the air the tray
thing okay yeah because we do your
children next stop building geez they
just can't treat yourself to new
Caroline yeah this will just have to be
your wintry guilt I'm gonna need
raincoat and then summer coat four coats
you can enough in your bag plus there's
extra spacing mine no I don't bloody
lovely at night just look at this place
it's absolutely gorgeous all right
restaurant was supposed to be going down
to should be down here on the left
we're only running about 10 minutes late
places like this they can be dead
Finnick any finicky finicky finicky they
can be finicky any kitty so we'll sit
we'll say hopefully over the black it's
fine I'm like oh we got harassed by
prostitutes who talked to us about
museums and shit so the smell that's the
first proper coffee shot that would walk
past that's been like one full and - we
may have just got contact I have walking
past their click Wow all right so this
is bridges fingers fingers crossed it's
not completely full and we can still
make it in if not my lady always open a
door for a woman we need to rush which I
work out which iswhich Mitchell in style
restaurants me too if we could have got
to our three-star Michelin restaurant it
would be great with three week waiting
list for it now when you go to fancy
restaurants the food portions just get
smaller that's the math behind it
basically you got like black mushrooms
oh yeah not another clue dumpling but
good mushroom and then this is almost a
beetroot with oh really well I paid
attention we're gonna try this one
smells wrong
the floor sauce on top is potent but the
bread is almost like a muffin and it's
nice and for the beet root infused
celery no sour cream its opinion to be
honest all right let's do this white
strobe in the room
okay GoPro celery 101 it a listen it's
not an oyster you'll be fine you'll be
fine trust me I believe in you and the
survey says three do God don't snip it
if you don't like vinegar you're gonna
love it
you don't love it I swear you I don't
know why it's strobing Oh gone gone I go
down the hatch it's not that bad it's
pretty flavorless hey I ordered a
Jameson coke I got bloody pint glass
thing talk to you told you you're gonna
do that
this isn't even part of the main meal
you're just this is Dubai all see I told
you crunchy thoughts it's not that bad
isn't it oh yeah mine in the mine in
Lydia's face
she's just walked over just like here's
an oyster I don't actually think it's a
nice day I think it's me and Lydia don't
have a good track records with oysters
yeah I can remember to edit it in you'll
see a pretty amazing clip of Lydia try
this again
I was watered oh my god that is good no
joke I swallowed it all in one when she
comes back it's not even it I see you're
supposed to chew it ruin the flavor it's
nowhere near as big anyway nothing in
the Dubai the oysters were like that big
that big this one never was like that
big
like honestly God the ones in Dubai you
saw and the survey yet to glide it in if
it's fine don't worry buy it
whole thing I don't know if you're
supposed to do that some pretty shoes
with the Chu cucumber but whatever Lydia
steps up to the plate the ice too must
be defeated I like how you said dislodge
it
that's clearly a fake ice to loosen it
okay thanks good I didn't even mess
around me mine went straight down the
hatch you've done this plenty of times
plenty of times you're well enjoy it as
well it's really nice
you do it like a shot war take take to
ago you know even drinking drinking war
commit to the cop inside me give a pint
of Jameson ok thoughts professional oh
I'm just making sure yeah I didn't know
did I did cilantro cilantro I tell you
what the camera on this phone is
absolutely immense it looks so good have
you tried it yet is it good mmm okay
okay
the first scallop dish we got that will
start the oyster thing that we got yeah
that's a nice turn that thing would have
got a nine hips up it was so tasty even
though I like choked this dish they do
give it a three out of ten
I don't give it about five in in terms
of restaurant this is more better more
better
okay we got like a wheel we've even we
got we've fish weber fish we've i said
beaver I got Weber fish we've got like
smooth some stuff squid I don't know why
the lines are going past on my camera
the lighting in here is kind of
confusing but that's what we've got we
demolished it demolished that we hit
William it oh you know
seven yeah smallmouth it's gonna read it
well you know what I don't leave that
and I liked it that much I clean the
plate eight point nine for that one dish
thought it was very nice really like
yeah chow
I'm not exactly fun either this is
called ah you know this looks really
good you add more sausage oh the actual
the ham on top the salami this was nice
no I didn't like the fennel
look at it I didn't like the cream
underneath it it was like mashed potato
something with no flavor I'd give it
like a six point five eight three I've
thrown this once in slow motion it
didn't work I heard you saying
what's that is it applesauce it isn't it
that goes from sour to sour to sour
scrape it off maybe it'll all taste nice
to give up this is pork belly a banana
chip I be recalled meat cheap pork cheek
and then you've got like a risotto rice
bed very nice-looking dish I must admit
very small because that's my thumb the
Midland yeah take that Midland we've got
it but in small supply a very beautiful
very nice dish the sauce with it they
said oh because there's like any
allergic things allergy sorry and I said
like cilantro and it turns out the sauce
that we made as coriander cilantro in it
so sauce could have gone with it work I
actually preferred it without the sauce
because the sauce to me was like blond
pretty tasteless it was a very nice dish
very meaty so very like meaty and gamey
but then ish but then it had a banana
slice in the middle of it but you made
it dead sweet it was dead nice so you
know what I like it but I'm all gonna
give it an 8 on the dot
8:00 on the nose straight
I survived what are you gonna give it so
foot five okay yeah I liked it I don't
think it needed that's awesome yeah
because rather than committing to what
yeah honestly it's like anything in life
if someone said to me work out for like
three hours trade you're no but if they
said hey dude three minute work out
there
I don't like that many workouts that
what makes about three hours of a lot
right yeah sure nothing to do it and
doing do it for mind Isabelle I don't
like to commit to long-term things it's
exactly what I said it's nowhere that's
no one yet Amsterdam here I come
boom look like I will prefer going into
a meal and it being small and then just
like a bunch of small dishes rather than
like sitting down and you have to eat
everything funny it's like hmm just just
disheartening it's like when someone
says to me like oh yeah we're gonna go
on a day out and like go walk in here
and walk in there and I don't know the
weather when the final like destination
on end the trip is it just keeps going
keeps going on that right okay but if
someone said to me to Saturday all right
we're about to boring like a 20 hour
hike I just don't know my mind would not
be an avid I know don't don't care about
it I think it's like very ADHD short
attention span small thing but I don't
have ADHD I don't really care just it's
just called the way of being Tom the
music the hand of the plate is now
presenting towards duck breast we fall
ground
um at all button it's in celerity
thinking yet celeriac thank you and some
onions and some cocoa oops
desert look good it's a snowball to
describe to us with Apple inside it
Apple Sasabe
hell I might be wrong but apples
something inside but it's white
chocolate like snowball with something
prickly pear a spy keep it yeah I didn't
really listen to what she said but it
looks good okay thanks just me I was my
flush really warm it's orange
my flash is it'll explode or something
why's it so I've called that candle will
get a very very thick rich intense tis a
type of energy mumble oh very very like
a cake on the bottom of there all starts
going on with it but I think that's me
done for the name the dessert about mmm
that's a six it's getting six of me
it's nice loads of flavors book too much
going on yes I am a professional I'm
going out the other oh oh wait to push
it you little my theme come come come
come come come come come come come come
come
that was very nice I did enjoy it but
I'm leaning you know we're drinking were
lost pile and I shout out the Lions I
find it's a mission style restaurant if
I take a bit of rating out of 10 I think
I'd have to go on seven point nine yeah
a michelin-star restaurant because it's
the experience i like its experience
there's a Christmas tree
it smells like wheat bloody hell but no
it's it's a very nice experience for I'm
gonna get a 7.9 I mean it's the lowest
I've given a michdan restaurant but it
was nice to experience what Amsterdam's
style and taste had to offer what are
you gonna give it yeah very nice sir and
that's a very high stoner shop right
there shop that's the place to go
apparently yep yep I totally forgot the
key I try to give you a key but you like
I lose it I lose it so what did I do
hey hey I do
we're trying to think of where we want
to go next and we're definitely talking
somewhere with sun sea and rock'n'roll
maybe not the rock'n'roll just so insane
it's not triple-s on sea snorkel we are
thinking Maldives Maldives we're coming
for you if not cayman islands elated oh
god boys which the bird's face actually
hit you i thought you lost the game okay
Buckeyes as you are wait I'll send you a
snapshot
interest it kind your new dawn new day
it's currently doing her plus nine mean
with your flight of Amsterdam at half
past twelve
Nats wake up music we were up until
about 5:00 a.m. last night because I
just had like you know we have an idea
and it's like this is the idea this is
like a big idea I just got super carried
away with working on the idea and like
Lydia couldn't sleep I couldn't sleep so
I worked on the idea together it wasn't
until I got to like make sure no one's
in the elevator and this is awkward
okay it wasn't so it got to like 5:00
a.m. that it was like maybe we should go
should go to sleep I was until 5:00 a.m.
with these decided that she was so
guilty that she weren't going to sleep
and I'm just passing now and she stayed
awake so not too sure what time she went
to bed up but I'm exhausted
and what I haven't done yet in this
hotel it's had breakfast in it so I'm
gonna go now have breakfast in it in
tomorrow's book you'll get to see what
the breakfast of this place is because I
actually get out of bed like earlier
than 2 p.m. for once so thanks watching
leave a like subscribe ding dong the
notification bell I'll see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. the next daily vlog
adios
