well it's 2 o'clock in the afternoon
don't think I've just woke up I woke up
an hour ago come on you guys know me
better but basically many lad is here to
drop off his desk he's gotta go to the
airport like super quick so Minnie's
here I think in a pet you're an uber to
be able to deliver his desk to me so I
can have a desk in my office when I get
back from the UK meanie no don't
I've two hours to my flight I decide to
do IKEA delivery service this is this is
now my desk well it was my task I'm
giving it to Tom because I like all
these fat Mark's is about fat Mark's fan
out fan it is that much love you love it
so this is now just where you have the
downside of having an elevator you have
to go open down opens up and else every
fucking times
ah we'll get it done eventually but
we've got about an hour then we're gonna
get to the airport all my videos renders
got all my videos uploaded got all my
videos thumbnail working on titles and
tags now and we gonna be good to go
bitches I totally just realized that I'm
rushing to get off to the airport that I
forgot to unbox the Juggernog edition
fucking hell oh my days how do I forget
that I've been so caught up playing
basketball 3 that I haven't had time
shit got my ticket made it on time this
Airport is jamming out to what's love
got to do with it I've walked a whole
five fucking feet and applied my ticket
and passport checked three times and
then he's about to check it again
fuck uh yeah we made it for security and
you recognize this guy right here right
there this homeless dude I don't think
he sees me at all
all the things the end of the airport
they have a goddamn swagway
good brilliant we had the choice of
pizza salad Queens build your own burger
but then saw Luke with this oh my god so
I copy the exact same thing and there is
they about two Flyers to London but 11
goddamn hours oh now we might not be
saying first-class this time all
business husband we're in premium
economy that's some pretty sweet legroom
for an 11 hour flight and I'm hoping
that that is a power sucky down there I
can't tell if it is gonna be able to
charge my laptop and play Skyrim the
entire way that your new zealand wha ya
sick no way let's get the hype train
started boys I just turn on the fucking
plane the screen looks pavillions on it
yeah well yeah a few bears on the plane
with the homie what'd you get
well bullying style
oh so far so solid
US Champion I love chatting so hoping to
see
fuck yeah I just look how to go and use
the bathroom and like me Luke had to get
out but he bought van Devere headphones
just $50 $66 from Athens
shabba-doo underneath Oh so this bit on
it he bent it inwards into the thing so
you know that I had thoughts for another
hour
correct just finished watching Mission
Impossible blue one against the
syndicate and it was solid but every
time he said the word syndicate out like
which I look at there that's a full
English breakfast up to fuel Outfitters
tomorrow ball nonetheless I'm okay with
this what did you get Sam
this baby crying on this plane if it
keeps crying I'm gonna open the window
and throw out with Lam did it bloody
London that's real ice house lo mein and
s Peters on my phone
we don't have good 4G in there hey I cry
every time oh oh whoa whoa whoa look at
business cluster now sweet business
closing virgin UNAC this is crazy
well Luke actually doesn't have a
working SIM card so I'm gonna buy him
one of these hopefully there than mini
will SIM cards I'm gonna buy one of
these to be able to use buzz teeth in
the United Kingdom has meaning
reflection tits weight from this carry
weight oh you just say that nice turns
time mega hit 14 years like a homeless
mom lost has no idea what he's doing
oh yeah I just look at this amazing
weather god sake we left like Sohni old
elevator touch Thompson hotel
I came with no clothes whatsoever so I
have to go out shopping go buy new
clothes underwear everything the only
thing I brought was a to push in to face
me tell us I was like we can runs I've
got that the hotel has shampoo shower
all that sort of stuff I can just I can
just pick up the rest as I go
oh yeah the rule for hair cause well
it's perfect man we got this down to a
science
cuz it's well we didn't get pull over
but what this guys doing is he is
stopping every single car in traffic
yeah over that nose oh jeez makers move
over what make his mind up he's
basically just scooting along whistling
blocking the lane because there's like a
royal police escort going on interesting
very interest and we literally are the
last car yeah we got local ATLA this was
the last car that got through Saudi I'm
looking at sweet no we got super look
here then this guy just got ahead of us
and stopped us and there's still some
behind us I guess we're gonna see
whatever is getting us going through hmm
interesting allies an escort and a half
oh my gosh
we're gonna see the Queen
oh you can't see anything all
blacked-out windows they're blacked out
as it comes oh my gosh no yeah they just
go straight through damn ha ha ha that's
crazy this is my musical behind them
look yeah isn't that an armored view Oh
think something was just an old dude in
a car cruising down the streets of fancy
old London Hills cool everything's
looking bloody money this is literally
like what I imagine like Richard Mille
under us because it is basically yeah I
am NOT like they're probably like 2
million dollars yeah nastily expenses
our memories is where Toby did he's me
up have everyone got impaled on the
spiky fence Oh would you look at that
he's a big bloody bed over there it's
all ass busted I'm not gonna whoa
there's a lot of leaks everywhere holy
shit that's just the students right this
minute
oh there's a nice Ferrari I was gonna
say where are the students I don't see
any walking from Russell Square to here
oh really oh shit son London a London
fun fuck story Tommy Tommy see that sign
there on that wall that white sign there
just past it
ah is it funnies where me and my sister
every single time we come down to London
with my dad as Downing Street where the
president lives president the president
the Prime Minister detail I just go out
from America but basically we stand
outside that side that side and take a
photo every time we're in London just so
it was like a memory of showing how
we've grown up over the years my dad
started it and it just was like a trend
that car on with damn tourists these are
those the British are coming
holy shit the bed this is a nice hotel
Oh this hotel is fancy as shit that
Carinthia
everything's plated with gold I'm going
to steal it and melt it okay welcome to
a hotel room so I always do these bad
boys and this is how you start the
entrance to walk you through the door
you get an on/off button what does mood
to try mood always lowering the lighting
but I always do turn it on oh sure thing
today off ah fork we're about to do a
hotel room job but if you're actually
wondering like tom why the hell are you
even in london what's going on I'm here
for the college you launched for black
ops 3 tomorrow so on the 5th of November
the day before the game actually comes
out but we're doing a livestream and I'm
hosting it on my twitch channel where
you guys to be there from 8 p.m. to 10
p.m. UK time and it's gonna be awesome
so it must thank you track for flying me
out to do this and it's going to be
sweet so so we do
hotel room tour see this guy's a ten out
of ten I will be surprised if it does
let's check it out okay so after
breaking the entranceway we have a
covered in here which comes with where
is that oh my god I get a free umbrella
I am totally okay with this free
umbrella I get free chair for the record
I'm stealing all of this we go inside
here we get a nice little door we have a
big-ass bed in a small ass room it is a
very very small room but yeah big ass
but no way dear mr. Cassell is it touch
screen I don't think it's touch screen I
think I'm being an idiot I think yeah
okay I'm BD it's a television don't get
your shit together but we get a majestic
art of blurry people what Bob Ross would
be proud happy little people happy new
people but we have a light nice little
bed what the hell isn't it what the hell
is this the hell is this
I love lamp oh this is fucking awesome
okay lamp you can go no lamp there we go
fix alike alright so this mr. hotel get
a nice little table oh my god I get
fresh fruit is it real
oh my god it's real through it's not
fake I get silverware that I can steal
and melt down turn into a ring we have a
look outside I have a balcony no way
oh fuck yeah whoa oh my god it echoes so
fucking loud wow that must be worth so
much money up there right anyway back in
the fucking we go oh sure thing has
broke the door alright anyway we're back
inside here here in my garage we're back
in but this is fancy oh my god check
this out we're gonna turn it on all my
days this is so nice
stealing that stealing that stealing
that ah yeah this is really nice holy
shit TV in the bathtub
super super fancy and this is the shower
oh my god
wait no it's not the shower wait this
Rochelle there's a shower there oh it's
just fancy hold it up at the shower
oh my god this is fancy a shit this is
what you wash your butthole in not even
joking
I think it's cotton oh I don't know
right ska but you put your asshole in it
like this and it wash is what it washes
you after you take a shit so that's
interesting and then you get a plus or
more
houses what cotton boots that's kind of
random boy
all right so hotel I'm giving it even
though it's so damn small it's so
fucking nice I'm giving this room and
nine and what's going to decipher that
at nine gets higher or lower is this bed
okay this hotel gets her I don't know
should do it this hotel room and the
hotel how nice it is
I'm giving at nine point five out of ten
that's a pretty fucking high score in a
hotel room review but honestly it's so
small but it's so fucking nice so guess
the nine and a half out of ten you even
saw the lobby that was fancy shit so we
almost got a ten out of ten review if
the lobby and the food in the breakfast
is good I may even bump it up to a ten
out of ten we'll have to wait and see
but there you go
tours with Tom
