well I totally just went on a secret
adventure and I can't tell you guys why
all I'm gonna say is I got a piece of
paper that was it
got a piece of paper and I am gonna be
spending all day indoors playing with
this piece of paper that does not mean
I'm fapping that just means I've got
work to do with a piece of paper all
right thank you what I'm going to see
happen what is going to go down there's
a goddamn look at this it's a high
priest in here there's god damned I know
by the way I want one of these yesterday
right who's gonna win oh my god there's
Bob Ross please publish when please Bob
brush when please drive West Ross win
yeah all right so I've done nothing all
day like at all apart from to stay
inside and play video games and make
videos it's not like eight o'clock at
night but I'm in a little mini Koreatown
okay look Chinatown it's one of the
other but I'm going meeting up with mini
and 3bd team basically just say a
goodbye to mini lab because he's leaving
LA he's going back to England for what
always been living out here I'm gonna go
sell farewell to his sexual Irish
British face ah my finger would you look
at that just look at that really look at
this guy ah shit you guys have seen me
go to Korean barbecue before it's
fucking awesome you just drink loads of
beer and
we just cook loads of food it's the
whole time at one with my ice glass of
everything
mini yeah where is he right the worst
bit forever I go try to do a flat for
this is gonna go so wrong
yeah oh really bad this was like no beer
yeah no I don't know why me which I
don't know I've tried cook there's a
rule so the way this works you get a
limited food for the entire time you're
here for like 15 20 dollars it's my
mother
but then you also get Buffy come with
your food and I don't eat any of this I
just get rice
just like that nothing provides the rest
of it I just say get back yourself
hi mommy mommy
get it on there I got so much food I'm
so full fucking about there yeah we need
my bed we need more beer this way wait
you have you look and fills for me well
it's been a fun run meaningful it's been
real nice Auggie's Wow okay yes going
just going home
give it give us five seconds away give
us give us five seconds of wisdom to the
world as to like anything that can be
inspirational installing or anything ah
don't be a cabbage you heard it here
first
the think about it good luck thing long
guys more than five seconds I think long
and hard about tonight you're gonna lie
in bed and how people watching the video
we're like I see what he's talking about
now oh my god it just cleared don't know
you but first it's little man yeah fuck
and I just started I never eat in one of
these free sweets ever again butter then
let's jump yet this my tooth came out
twice look
wait I love you a bath still there the
karaoke boobs are still there are you
Tom syndicate my I'm a really big fan
what a fucking freak oh why did Luke
just ask for socks with his bow and
she's because water rules this is how he
is drying the floor he just mopped but
ah you know casual bowling lane then I
couldn't get cocaine what is this what
is this no this is wrong oh yeah Oh Oh
Minnie ooh Annette good loving me Oh
Mike you can't see me you can't see oh
fuck my first gonna discuss strike
Betina
Angelo what bitching about not getting
bumpers I asked for folk wisdom and I
got a strike on my risk oh hey all goes
down here from now
tiny one chocolate first row cyclone the
tunngle cycle the group name is michael
forever by the way white top dye coop
this is the on the phone shot on yeah
strike inbound shut it's kind of kind of
kind of oh oh look at this
oh yeah strikes
high-five
oh my god I would discuss wait wait who
hasn't got a strike you see they've all
got strikes I think I know Barbara Luke
oh shit
nice Alan good job man
wait what well sideways after getting
coached by Angelo he just hit nothing on
his show get a nice straight back
straight all right we believe in you
enjoy your time to redeem yourself
Angelo is stepping up to the plate we
hear silence in the room he's preparing
he's aiming here we go he's releasing
she's releasing she's room no talking in
the background so I get that many just
got a fucking strike and mystic says
with my bed
rustic but what many didn't see skip
yeah that's right that's right that's it
it's a flawless technique here we are
watching the size 13 is about to do the
skipping technique and he's going for it
is going for it up that's the jump has
to strike inbound it's a strike inbound
it was close but not quite a strike or
was this come on come on just feel the
music feel music
I don't even know here we have Thomas
Capel coming up with an eight-shot
believe me right I got a hand-pounded
12 Jesus okay I'll do it I'm going to do
it I'll just drill a hole in people if
they're all okay father enjoy home
before the finger hold on the drover -
you gotta just slips right out anything
that's made in the floor did you stop
yeah okay fuck like a hard shit I think
mini lot just bowled the shit out of it
cuz the bar is bent
broken I feel like the fact that I drank
an alcoholic beverage decides my face
and doesn't help my bowling skills the
fact that I've got another alcoholic
beverage inside my face to store drink
for the record they absolutely kicked
our asses but you got one three three
over 90 god damn it god damn alright
we're gonna try this one again this time
with a swirl alright so we need to hit
the pins and hit all of them and we're
off we're on we did nothing so I just
totally I copied his stance and movement
and he hit three pins I hit an empty
lane and I gotta strike
fucking swing I got that your feet well
uh yeah
seconds later Alan I've I've just got
strike oh my god
sighs I'm gonna shake it for him or
don't tell him don't tell him don't tell
him don't tell him don't tell him don't
tell him don't own meeting maybe I just
got you this job I got you strange
fucking asshole no I really don't want
to turn round cuz it's too security
stood right behind us
broken I'm gonna press the help
oops hey guys welcome back and today
we're gonna be painting but we're doing
I'm doing a bob ross i'm paint a happy
little bowling balls look at it with
we're gonna paint at the little clouds
so here you see you're gonna get your
your green paint and you're gonna get
your little point here and you're gonna
end up with your other point and you're
gonna get a left
okay that was left handed all right
leave me alone Bob Ross you failed me
Oh for fuck's sake okay
yes that one well fuck everything
there's a push to beat wish to have a
little seat which they have to defeat
paint my blue trees hi that's what I
feel like on the inside but I'm dying
instead gave a key step team leader here
we see the natural bowler in his habitat
he's going for it he pins the manoeuvred
oh he pops it up what was that mate what
was that what was he what was that it
was your bird shock took me to be
fucking my mate
I fucking love this cream Allen
baby come back baby come back okay would
you just look at all these cars in the
parking lot and we're gonna get in the
most fucking shit car of all of them
don't even try walking past it we know
you drive a Prius burn burn burn it off
you found eco friendly plumber yeah yeah
yeah that's women
right in this pack bye guys
bye well there it is
it's a little fucking car look at it it
actually looks like a little rock with
biggest fuck you look at it easy deposit
eyes are falling out of its face it's a
trouble right yeah so out is it dance
with you oh yeah
and it's kind of it's a guys if you
think that is good-looking dog then you
need to get your eyes checked me and you
already buy glasses I know we do just
like that
don't touch me it's Callum it just looks
mad retard Isha's just a retarded ass
looking dog that is the summary of that
mini lad you currently playing a video
game that you can't say what it is
you're playing but how is it I love this
blank game it's great I'm totally not
playing what you think I'm playing that
comes out on November don't know you
talk about me realizing I don't know I
swear to go if you don't get my fucking
apartment right now I'm gonna fucking
get out right now
get out leave leave yeah don't come back
fucking return you again I'm gonna fuck
you right the pussy didn't do anything
for the rest of night apart from over 5
they're making videos my voice is gone
I'm going to the airport tomorrow
because we're flying to London and
that's about everything so we're going
back to England make sure you leave a
like rating subscribe to see more my
face and I will see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for my next daily vlog but like
three hours sleep fuck
