good morning world was totally supposed
to get out of that italian today it is
currently 339 I did a great job either
way it's breakfast time oh my goodness
me it is live ladies and gentlemen you
see this knife you see this you guys can
goddamn win this as a giveaway not only
can you win a knife you can't win this
keyboard this mouse and this mouse pad
as part of a razor epic giveaway all
right and all you have to do is go to
this link I'll put it down in the
description do you guys be able to take
part if you follow me on Twitter bradys
run Twitter you basically enter into win
automatically but then if you subscribe
to our YouTube channels then you
basically get like an extra entry to be
able to when you get up to five entries
and would you just look at that bad boy
so the entry i think this evil will last
10 days or maybe a bit longer but if you
guys want to enter to win it the mixdown
with description gold enter and good
luck to your faces oh I just got this
out my bag I completely forgot that I
left it in my suitcase but I have to do
a massive shout out to Cathy cab who
hooked me up with this awesome zombie
labs called you in mug and a starbucks
gift card thank you so much when i did
my new york me up and then this bad boy
over here which I'm pretty sure if you
put hot water in it turns Super Saiyan
so a massive shout out to just in Diaz
for this movie as well so now I have
some new mugs for my housemate shot put
me in the cupboard look at this oh you
guys are the best thank you so much for
guys and actually the colors are kind of
matching so I kind of like it so
honestly thank you so much for being
homies and to everyone who came to the
New York me up I love you guys faces
you're absolutely ethic and kathy i will
make sure i read this nail thank you
once again you're a legend now we're
heading down to downtown Hollywood I
know downtown LA because I've got to go
and work with recklesstortuga pretty
stoked to be doing this working on the
new episode of online gamers I wiki just
means like cool awesome that's our thing
pretty good British slang with me to the
US Sundays for sure the best day of the
week and I like
no traffic no traffic whatsoever so good
some crazy dude has left his bike right
in the front of the goddamn drive rooney
where has he gone where is he he was
walking around the boom box above his
head like well everyone's worried to
speak to me case he throws the boom box
on this is what you get in it though I
ladies just full of fucking crazy people
there is that's the dude behind the
scenes bitches oh oh my god my camera
crew ah so much behind the scenes I love
it the hell is going on on the roof of
here fuck what what is going on guys Hey
Oh secret shit I enjoying them city
lights it's just so beautiful that Eric
rolls his eyes to the back of his head
they're nice guys filming is a lapped
good shit could you they're nice you'll
see it soon secretly somewhere I will
let you know where am one yeah I'm
obviously again going at it doing cases
while streaming as usual I'm such an
idiot but I want the bots clogs and I'm
determined again but I just need to do a
massive shout out to Ryan and Angelina
because they just got my today so
congratulations to your faces I got a
nice message off your friend shiney a
Shinigami eros I can pronounce that name
and I have the worst gaming setup in
history book congratulations on your
wedding and you've now ruined the rest
of your life for the best so congrats
the hell is going on in my twitch chat
what is happening just it's filled with
Kappa Rossi's I'm getting kappa Ross
fort it's alright this is an unboxing
for Kappa Ross come on come on what are
we gonna get what is Kappa Ross in the
chat gonna get oh really you fucking
serious we got a happy old train oh my
god guys a massive shout out to juke 50
bubbles also i have to do a massive
shout out to fucking Jared in the chat
for being so fucking awesome but I'm do
beyond boxes and I just got the best
read in the shadow cases check this out
look at this beautiful god this isn't a
hundred and thirty dollar good about to
get killed by a ball oh my god this
thing is fucking insane this is 80
British pounds holy shit so after on
casing cases on CS go for two hours and
20 damn minutes I finally dot when I was
after here is my sexual inventory
tonight in order we manage to get
ourselves where is it we managed to get
ourselves the big giant giant Jared also
known as the big iron this drawing is
factory new looking at factory new and
stat track where they managed to get a
minimal wear stattrak usps Kill
Confirmed just look at it it fucking
beautiful I don't not only that I
managed to finally get a frontside misty
from trading up about 100 skins I
already have one but now tonight I've
complete the trifecta of getting every
single gun from the case apart from a
golden coil so fuck yeah and here of
course is my chart all with some mile
high up in here much love to all your
homies thank you very much for tuning in
you bet epic to everyone subscribe
donate on Twitter on legends my goodness
today has been a hella hella productive
day got the film shoot done well I say
that in our beds are like three o'clock
in the afternoon but got the film shoot
doing stream for two hours a load of
Awesome videos made for csgo and
tomorrow fingers crossed I'm gonna try
and pick up a copy of triax black ops 3
early um father rocky go guys I totally
fell asleep after yesterday live stream
of cs go I'm so sorry but that was the
end of the yesterday's vlog anywhere I
just quite better fell asleep I thought
I was so fucking tired but hopefully
today gotta go be over the contact and
get black ops 3 early even if I do get
it I can't even tell you guys anything
about it because embargoes and secret
contracts and shit but over the hojo the
vlog it's every 00 go back to bed ok
what did this so it goes up on time and
get fire shouts make sure you leave a
like rain let's blue jetta video
subscribe i'll see you guys tomorrow
just under the video back soon ah
