it's the day after the night before and
my voice is a little bit rough I feel
okay
it's only 11:55 so potentially I might
still be drunk I just can't feel the
hangover port I made sure I drank a
shitload of oil or when I got home last
night
shit little water this morning still
feeling okay so potentially we may be
waking Bob I look away
without a hangover today could be a good
day I don't know anything find what
today could be a good day no I know ya
still haven't done anything with my day
but I have found this new like breakfast
place near me that's open till like 4:00
o'clock so every day I'm getting like
chicken and waffles and pancakes all
delivered to my door which is the best
thing about being in America like in the
UK you can't get like full seven meals
and steaks or whatever you want to be
delivered to you don't pour America you
can because that's what Americans fuckin
do cuz their legend so I'm staying in
bed all day watching knockos Netflix
show and having a bit of a lazy day and
my office curtains just to make myself
not look like a hermit crab and actually
you're really Oh Eva it's a a rat with a
really long tear but really nice thing
this is so damn good this is spicy sauce
but this is an omelette filled with
sausage pepperoni
okano cheese oh my days is this friggin
delicious I do afterwards like why do
Americans pork guacamole in everything's
like avocado avocado avocado you were
never cut off I mean in a goddamn
breakfast omelette and it has avocado in
it what the hell I'm almost confidently
sure that that's a baby black widow
spider problem is I can't see the back
of it to determine whether it is or not
I don't want to fuck with it to find it
our but I was just about to get in the
shower and I am all I was positive
is a black widow oh my god it's so nice
and cloudy in America
this one is the same oh we're dropping a
face to it dropping that face dude that
is an insane house is a house yeah what
the fuck dude there's a spaceship online
on top of it
it's like fucking hot the Illuminati
fucking probably oh damn son house is
worth money we open that Beverly Hills
shit he's got these Ferrari just
sticking out with his house half built
into the fucking walk dude this place is
fucked when there's an earthquake oh my
god what how much is that one holy a
literal Taurus right now oh my days you
guys know fucking tennis call all these
stilts on the edge of a mountain they
must like their game oh don't mind me
just chilling in a hot tub with my
nipples out and captain's but wait who's
that took her I can see your asshole
from here took her to show your nipples
rub your nipples right we go sparkles
you all like you in a dress but anyway
we came up here and we've joined the mr.
sparkly pants at his house just to chill
out in the hot tub and enjoy a nice
night of relaxing
we totally touched each other in the hot
tub okay it happened don't even say it
didn't I've got evidence I secretly put
up the time-lapse to the side all right
but now we're gonna go get some food and
it's gonna be a good night and yeah it's
it's a nice way to deal with the
hangover that's all I'm going to say
Jordan what did you Walden the blue crab
cocktail and freaking dry ice it's
amazing
dry ice literally wizard shit my bling
turn okay okay listen this is what a
lobster should look like but
accidentally i said i won
forget the whole tail lobster i met the
full all tail lobster i got half my
dinner so this is gonna be like bro what
no that's it that's that's all the
buddhas that's it the rest of its just
decoration that's it that's the food
yeah so these thought it was austere huh
so basically i fucked up but nonetheless
it'll taste good but this is now gonna
be like eating fries thanks very good
fuck yourself oh yeah you know what I'm
gonna I'm gonna take this crab as well
with my dry eyes and go fuck yourselves
literally what are those
we just went to what would probably be
the fuck one of the fanciest restaurants
in LA he's very foot and jog you but I
went jogging bugs but I'm wearing
trainers don't fucking flip-flops what
are you doing get your shit together
don't wear in green shorts oh my god all
rules
just rude took her Joe what he said what
is it when he was driving past I have a
small dick
no he's that here in my garage I am
making this clear for the record I am
taller than this motherfucker
look it's like you know it's closed
I am definitely too he's got 2 inch
platform me oh my god oh right I am
saying I am right I have taller than him
that's on say but we were about to go
home when I was like no we're going
watching the Martian so we're going on a
late night 10:30 p.m. rendezvous to the
cinema watching the marsh inning you
only know what's going on
you got spoiled by Mikasa yeah your
squirt
Neil deGrasse T what you think you're
doing spoiling his film for him I don't
know anything about it over there Matt
Damon gets lost again in space he did it
he did it in interstellar we got walk to
the pieman so Matt Damon not only got
lost once he did it again so Matt Damon
get your shit together let's stop it ok
stop doing it
ok I'm totally gonna film this entire
film so you guys can watch it it's gonna
be amazing and by the way I said can I
get a small coke what the fuck is that
thing that's a small okay was a medium
coke well if that was a medium how BIG's
a fucking large
America land of diabeetus well I get
people come up to me like as funds be
like Oh watch for you is how you doing
all that but some guy just running Lee
came out the toilet was waiting for
Jordan it came up to me it was like hey
man nice shirt it was like is that obey
and I was like no it's my clothing line
it's the syndicate regional shirt and
then he looked to me when is it diamond
diamond Supply Company I was like but no
it's my clothing line syndicate
originally was like your clothing line
like it was like he actually spoke like
that like yeah like is that like that
and oh wait can we not get down the
escalators what does that we can always
these dumb ones you want to fucking try
and do this I've done it before it that
looks difficult if you will try I'll
fucking I'll be impressed if you can
outrun outlet I'm gonna try this though
yeah it's just like it's just you with a
broken leg sideways by the way the
mushroom was amazing I give it a 9 out
of 10 it was really good it's ok I would
10 oh I was gonna give the spoiler but
no I don't want to spoil no no even
though I like you now at 10 whoa that's
solid alright that side so get overall
really good I happened to go out to the
toilet or any run and I was like waiting
for the right moment in the film to go
out and take a shit I didn't take shit
but I was like I'm going to talk I'm
going to start going start finally got
went to toilet when I walked out bumped
into seananners which was fucking crazy
yeah I could have waited any extra time
or anything like that but I bumped into
you nice but anyway back to story about
the dude he was a nice shirt and
everything and it was asking me a bunch
of questions about it and then it was
like where can I get it I was just like
sunic it original calm and it's like
that's so cool the whole point of oh my
gosh dude it'll die calm man make sure
you use the code syndicate to get time
to set off that doesn't exist by the way
I don't even try it unless I should do
it for people who actually secretly end
here on this video I actually thought
that was two people than staring it was
just I was like I was like what weird
fucking people but yeah yeah and then
she's just on her own get bitch get
fucked so yeah I was pretty sick I've
always liked that the whole point is
going around was just so people be like
that's nice adware that like my family
wears this because they like the designs
so for him to be like I fucking like it
just some random like yeah dude yeah he
was just like a proper yo dude was
fucking awesome so yeah anyway I'm
wrapping up today's vlog because I am
gonna be home and then I've actually
can't go to bed I gotta make cause you
Tom B's video alright go on do it now
race I'll race you down yeah you race
that sound I'll go on this side
don't wanna X there's a pleasure but
other than Austin Daye John a high five
a low five it's been awesome hanging out
with his homie now I'm back in LA you'll
see more of his face in in in in in my
Lamborghini in my garage
read books drop out of college there you
go that's it yeah we're gonna play some
custom zombies together or just some B's
in general but either either either way
make sure they be like great let's know
you enjoy the video and subscribe and
I'll see your guys faces tomorrow at 6
p.m. for my next vlog until then oh yeah
well change of plan I did go home got
home went to edit my video realized that
the footage at the end of it was
corrupted so I then decided to take a
goober to get to mini lads house where
he's gonna give me the footage that I
lost on a thumb drive because it's
quicker for me to drive to his house
which is 10 minutes away than it is for
me to get him to render it send it and
me to download it so yes this is this is
what this is what I do for you guys the
grind is so damn real ah there is the
savior the here I can't see shit
I can see it's the UFO it's a wild video
pears bro I appreciate it so much
oh yeah really slow place jog this guy
ha and after all the effort of traveling
1 o'clock in the morning over to minis
house waiting 25 minutes for the files
transfer onto a USB all that sort of
stuff we do all the effort I go through
to try and make sure I get a video up on
time for you guys and when I get back to
the house I transfer it from the
thumbdrive onto my computer and there's
no video whatsoever it's just an audio
clip
so time to try and create a plan B which
is to get Minnie to try and upload it to
the internet and download it from there
tomorrow but there you go you can never
say I don't try for you guys and now
I've got to get in bed edit this vlog
for tomorrow so it goes up on time so
yeah I am going to bed with a bottle of
water you can't see my face I'm probably
going to banged my tone of flow deck
roaming round yep there's a flow deck
ouch good night
