it's a beautiful morning oh it's a
beautiful day I got bit by mosquitos
yesterday so I can not stop scratching
them but oh what a day it is such a
lovely it was a package here for me ooh
my bitches they took it not me
shit pick up an order mmm and there's no
food in the fridge
whoo I glide over to the cabinet I'm a
floor deck to find out we have got some
chewy bars that are currently out of
date I decided to take the floor deck
and just roll on along the streets naked
I don't think I don't know is but I did
get a package I believe it's a little
notebook it's indeed my little notebook
steal like an artist Journal it's a book
it's based on a book and I believe it's
just like just a notebook to fill things
into but I'm like a huge fan of Austin
Klan Cleon Cleon clown that's how much
of a funny I'm I don't know his name but
I really liked his book it was like the
first book I ever read in a long like
years and years and years I was like
nice then I got released another book I
was like no it was like how to show you
creativity I was like nice so then I
realized it's got a little book for it I
was like you know what I'm gonna support
this dude I'm just gonna get it so yeah
so putting this dude go check it out oh
my days oh this is beautiful
all right you thinking this is a car
that stingray am I drunk or is that what
I think it is oh no yep stingray holy
shit that thing is beautiful oh god damn
god compare that to the car I saw
yesterday technology's moved on but that
body shape is still sexual well apart
from having the most awesome time of my
life and the battery just run out I
forgot to put someone charged for
driving around get a bit of a sudden
tanks I've been stuck indoors all time
but basically didn't find the garage
sale but I did find the what's a magic
petrol station and I went to the petrol
station
and got myself some water some lemonade
some Powerade because today is a day of
staying inside making videos so sorry
about that guys but I'm gonna get that
grind on gotta get the videos made
everything that is epic just happened at
once I'm about to start recording some
zombies when boom check this out the new
syndicate original stealth hoodie just
basically it was in the house like a
week I didn't know it was bought by the
box
I'll put this hoodie is absolutely sick
look it's like all camouflage pattern of
it's called stealth of all at the the
logo got like this little emblem on the
side on the chest and it's all custom
made it's like all super fool fly is
fuck it's so sorry like words can't
describe how awesome this is I've been
waiting so long to get this but I've got
the new hoodie and I got my food so
everything is good and this hoodie is
coming out soon and if you're gonna get
one get it it's gonna be more expensive
than a normal hoodie that we've ever
released because it's a whole custom
hoodie like from like the little silver
things on here to print it on the on the
hoard like it's not so I don't think
it's print I think it's just material
buy everything about it is like 100%
custom so I am so stoked to get this
right now today is awesome can someone
help me work out what the hell what the
hell
I ordered lattice Brussels sprouts
mushrooms cheese mayo and chicken well
currently 3 o'clock in the afternoon I
have yet to make one single video
because my PC has not been able me to
play black ops zombies call it the dead
on get back up so basically fix ballast
out my first charge of recording
meanwhile I got one video recorded today
I'm just every time I sit in front of my
office I'm just not
to record or do anything I don't know
why the doctor of a motivation see I am
responsible beer and water what more
could you want
I would say it's not what it looks like
but it's exactly what it looks like
I thought it was like half 11:00 at
night so I started drinking it's only 8
o'clock it's very big it's it's seven
and a half plus seven fYI this floor is
this dirty because these are all the
wheels of my flow deck I'd just had a
cleaner come here yesterday that make it
looks promise this is the best man cave
I have ever seen oh if you see this book
in my life it's holy fucking shit don't
worry it's front-facing camera this is
I'm right the Ghostbusters right yeah
Ghostbusters
like nerdgasm in a bus kit right now
these old gates their own in Tendo games
that's an open game boy okay all right
yeah okay yeah you take the biscuit dude
I don't I am now gonna read off to you
the bachelor pad
it's covered June 1 2015 buy a girl a
drink complete yeah go to buy you a
drink complete take a picture with a hot
girl on her dog yeah five random girls
notice completely talk dirty to
strangers get a picture with a bartender
complete you get girls random dude I get
a girl get a runner girl's bra I'm
wearing wait how do I miss this and
joining things where's the bra alright
alright shot gonna be get a real
marriage advice from stranger dun dun
get someone to take to make a condom
balloon not done take a picture with a
girl prom style not doing I'm not sure
that is get a girl to tell you her
favorite position yeah go to tell you
her favorite position done toy counts go
to favor sister fake a proposal with one
of the guys in public not done how'd you
guys not do that
down three shots in under ten seconds he
nailed I give a stranger a piggyback
ride done I'm gonna take a picture with
a guy from Star depend is actually did
quite the list so at least I joined it
for the whole he's just been throwing up
so we just need the lost of it what's it
called
where are we going yeah oh yeah we're a
stag do and back to sleepy yes oh my god
it's currently three o'clock in the
morning anyway it was good I'm glad I
really went out for that like I can't
believe I got like eight bit drunk eight
beers yeah okay okay so listen whilst I
was drinking the blow deck to ride to
the toilet so I literally blogged saying
that took who's gonna say something
that's why we don't ride flow decks in
the bathroom but honestly I can't leave
I got eight drinked into making videos
and just like chilling out so if I had a
good time I just I was just show the
friends drinking and before I knew I
drunk eight beers not too drunk no which
is kind of weird probably cuz it's a
short talk which isn't a very alcoholic
beverage it's kind of like kind of
lightweight yes that is a my craft penis
on the fridge it is what it is but um so
that was awesome
yes we did end up going to a strip club
for this guy's but chill the pie is that
the Comerica stag do we just got me
dance tells about yeah I didn't get
anything it was just like go there that
was a random we met some British girl
who was working I was like Hello
yes thank you that's one here and she
was actually from Manchester the chances
of us going into a strip club for him to
have a dance me being there at the same
time as well as her was my blowing that
there was a you fucking cover say good
that's a vlog the fact that she was from
Manchester as well was crazy so overall
I hope you had a good stag do I
appreciate the invite Tucker your penis
is hanging out the best part is that a
penis is juicy these supposed to hide
nice this is supposed to know these
aren't even underwear these are these
are shorts no no I have underwear
underneath this why do you anxious but
language shots don't question me dude
what okay all right you're gonna do my
outro describe it talk doctor said that
just to - no you don't know make sure
you leave a like granny lets me know you
like the video and subscribe to see more
of my face every day
