good morning ladies and gentlemen we are
out of here we're gone we're after New
York today it's gonna be another day
another adventure and it is 9:34 and my
flight is currently at 10:30 so I gotta
get to LAX which is 20 minutes away to
attempt to get my plane on time the
chances of this happening are very slim
but if we can pull anything off this
could possibly not be it elevator still
smells like aniseed balls I'm gonna hate
it
well fingers crossed to get there in
time do not want to miss this trip you
know I'm just a professional leaving
things last-minute dude got me here in
like ten minutes gotta be kidding I
don't know how I get this look he but I
managed to get here get my ticket and
they said I should be perfectly fine
just to walk in and go on get on my
plane so fuck yeah well that was a bit
of a shock I just got my ticket and I'm
pretty sure I was in standard class and
the woman who was at the gate I think
was extremely nice to me I think she's
just a great with you first-class for
free just like that I'm through security
I'm heading to New York 37b I honestly
impressed myself with how wait I can get
to a terminal and how I can actually
still managed to get unplayable honestly
I checked my ticket I am positive she
upgraded me to a first-class flight for
free woman out there I love you and you
were also really good-looking so if she
happens to see this thank you
but before I can get on a plane
obviously I have to risk getting a makka
pakka makka pakkaaa chino from stir
books
I'm joking I only got a hot chocolate
good let's go sexually waiting first hot
chocolate is making me anxious about
missing my flight I hope I really do not
Mystics I'm getting a fucking hot
chocolate
planet we made it alright I get a
breakfast meal from beginning
and spicy Parliament this is what you
can't find to comment is the glories of
Atlanta responding to every symbol
that's everything without such a user
question me this is what having for
dinner
I think suppose the flower
I'm sick of you guys sick of your potty
mouth
Dave upon taking a shit the turbulence
on the plane just got really fucking bad
like really well this is not the
exaggerated I do get back to my seat for
I'm sorry on the plane watching these
guys camp on Cisco I really want to play
but I just cannot do it because I'm not
playing with a Wi-Fi sense so hopefully
I'm gonna see who wins t mind once he
might even once invite him
taewin lost hell yeah two hours feel
pretty good about that jammed up the
since the music he slept oh that's
beautiful
we were back in the same hotel we were
in last time thank you mate hey Dumbo
dropping some emails I'm actually great
just great time actually chameleons our
winner oh is this the winner yeah his
name is Anthony but he goes by Zacks
sick that's the name they go I was just
about to say he was the booster person
he wants for Zacks was he from Mexico
City no way that's awesome
congratulations sex like that don't you
know like that when people touch it like
that yeah oh I finally got anyone I'm
gonna take T Mountain down you putting a
gun down piped East and I am gonna go
for it well why don't like I could have
totally just asked him for this as a
friend but instead I saw him go up
against this guy with other skins and
I'm gonna go ahead and snipe you with my
three weapons but it's pretty solid like
$31 24 25 you got fireworks baby because
I'm aware hate my life the first time I
fucking gamble and I fucking lost son of
a bitch we're going oh shit oh my god
it's lit up underneath that
automatically gets an extra two points
for gryffindor oh my god right welcome
to the Maya machi again same hotel we're
used to staying at that certain bedroom
bed bathroom bathroom
wardrobe oh shit and here he's a creme
de la creme right I've got chest the
balancing us we'll see how it differs
from my other my other of us won't
remember it bought I just show you how
fucking awesome my view is it starts
fucking square yeah wait a minute what
the hell this guy over Eddie look at it
just super Newman what are you doing
why do I care we're doing it so I got a
sofa this time I get a really fucking
awesome view Times Square go TV and get
a desk I get a lamp
I like I love lamp and then why two beds
I don't know but right comfort test all
right Oh actually quite comfy room
overall you know you know what this room
overall just offer I'm gonna get at
seven I think I just want to give six
and a half if I can give this one a
seven you did good you did good kid you
did good here in New York we have a wild
loop looking like a mugger on the street
actually doesn't like a mugger industry
and a wild trevor martin rockin his
seven foot five height regime whoa
well I guess we're not getting mugged in
New York Strip with two fuckers
they're turning open that thing alright
but we made it back outside Times Square
it's just beautiful look at all those
chickens
I mean screens damn tourists does anyone
recognize this from what my vlog like
one week ago because we were just here
that's a great photo it's great okay
we found of random we have real a date
right now
Hey Italian steak right now so got
dumped dark meat Trevor decided on the
best food and you've got a cut-down with
onion here now bongo drum I love the
earth oh great so now the bearded man's
brother is arrived
oh wait you might you've been driving
home the other day I think you were
listening for the truckers well - no
please - how no that's the good one okay
yeah no we're not being possessed by the
devil this is apparently a fucking bath
it what's it here it's like in ashes but
yeah like look there's candles in a
fucking shower curtain going the toilet
over there okay this is a toilet
what are you having a shower oh I'll
just stand there over at the toilet
this is fucking dangerous as shit
this was clearly a closet that they tell
you to bathroom into a shower but you
just won't look at that shit why is this
phone always so soon in hey look at the
size of your face Hank you got five
seconds to give the world no speech of
influence go for nari fuck you - what
well that was your words of wisdom for
the world I hope you rest in pieces
fucking bomb about to go off on the
edges Oh cheers yeah now I got stuck
here your fucking dickhead place is
dangerous what is it doing
liquid nitrogen oh great liquid nitrogen
is which are being pumped into this
doing great
and it was a home run
let's go to home
everybody lazy either way we're a sports
pound a few drinks and I think you just
scored a home run I turn take a piss and
I have no idea this guy's walking out
can I help you
wait Nick you are that's your phone I
stole her phone you took a thousand
selfies hahahaha
alright we got done at the sports bar we
would have been way too long because the
fucking baseball game as usual was
boring as fuck boring my fucking ass so
awesome Luke as usual looks like a
fucking homeless person wait two
surprises in one night oh shit
okay fuck yourself make it off cave like
yourself
I like the hotel guys I'm ending today's
vlog I'm just tired alright so thank you
very much for watching make sure you
like crane let's move enjoyed the video
subscribe see my face see more of my
face tomorrow at 6 p.m. every day as
usual and go fuck yourself man there's a
homeless by saying don't show yourself
man there's a seven-foot 90 Revati my in
do I fucking hate for making me lose so
much money on csgo tonight you fucking
bitch
