I love eat 24 chicken quesadilla french
toast for breakfast hot chocolate
lemonade angry man more tea well I'm
sorry I haven't blogged today but I'm
pretty much doing nothing I've lay in
bed all they're just relaxing over here
to try and find Mario Cart at Walmart as
usual I came in for one thing my okay
and I'm leaving with toothbrush and a
microwave because anyone it's definitely
a lazy head I just don't care I will
probably spike it but I've got the voice
that is rough as hell whilst trying to
set off this Nintendo Wii U coz I'm
playing merica I have a Mario Kart
session that needs to be done it's way
overdue but we will get it done
one wire at a time they shall be forever
known as a bad day we're sitting in bed
doing nothing but bedding no not banging
bed if it on the AIDS situation
mmm I accidentally caught it once I got
out the shower so it looks really bad so
that sucks there's a hot chocolate from
this morning there's a drink from last
night there's a lemonade from now and I
am Way bed eating some what kind of
weird
it's the quesadillas that I ordered but
tell me if I'm just an idiot or are they
green that looks green unless it's gone
off within the hour that I've left it on
its own but reading chicken to
quesadillas that occultist funk with
some guac and we're watching The Walking
Dead vlog would be approximately two
seconds long if I wasn't going to the
store right now so we're adventuring to
Vaughn's late at night a process not
looking good it just sucks hate hate
everything about it it's still open it's
open till midnight it says so fingers
crossed I should be able to just roll
into Vaughn's and go get some swag as
well but fuck yeah I just found someone
out this place is open till 2:00 a.m.
every single night what this is amazing
what the fuck your skirt is exactly what
we need the share of Parma ham like you
if I thought the pumpkin spice stuff was
bad enough it's only October and there's
only Christmas coca-cola yeah
how am I supposed to carry a crate of
water and all that stuff in the basket
forgot to bring my backpack fuck what
were the best plan ever best plan ever
gonna use a cash machine to get some
cash out because I don't get far enough
away from new bits of it quick - the
cost worthy I'm gonna pay them in real
cash it's the perfect way devised the
perfect plan I'm gonna get an uber
because I literally only live around the
corner it's not fair on that hooba
driver for me to be like hey dude yeah
it drive me just to that place right
there in front of you with all this
stuff so I'm gonna do because I'm gonna
call you but I'm gonna pay them ten
extra dollars in real cash for them to
not feel bad about I'm just like listen
I needed your transportation needs I
don't own a car
thank you very much good day and you
won't feel bad about it or hate me I
think fun fact I actually met her I have
no idea who she met in person I was like
cool story everyone was going crazy over
and I was just like sweet I'm gonna be
honest with you guys I actually don't
mind gingers that watch out or I might
fuck you up but never go around with PG
tipps how very British what's good
we always go with dinner I have to take
like loads of trips to throw it into the
elevator
so then gotta push it all outside and
then make a million trips from the other
yeah to my apartment ah sweaty work I
like a little elf yeah the best thing is
though the floor is insanely slipping so
I can just slide everything where it
needs to be
see
fuck I know I said I like to do
something to get outta bed but how long
ago fucking bed because I'm absolutely
dripping in fucking sweat yes this
fridge is looking so much better and
unhealthy and what the hell is my voice
doing I sound so rad about this thing
sat on the side for ages we're finally
getting out in stolen and seen what the
hell it looks like by the way it's a bin
oh my god it's so amazing best invention
ever
it's just a simple pin that goes there
look I'm fuckin small is I probably
couldn't even throw away this Powerade
oh wait maybe yeah maybe it felt like
50% of the fucking thing putting that in
there so I think I'll just stick with
this and we'll have that for how much
definition I was gonna do an unboxing
video of me unboxing my new toothbrush
in you guys my blade but that's kind of
fucking stupid ball it came with some
awesome shit so hey guys welcome to the
darlin clean unboxing kit I'd about for
the record yeah I did just go pick up
some cones and everyone's gonna be like
oh my god what the fuck and but like I
felt like a fucking child like awkwardly
buying them the woman looked at me and I
was like yeah it's a thing but if we get
back on topic we don't have a look at
boxing so today you may think this is my
glass on the side site it comes with it
it was right there oh my god ciao this
is epic by the way this is not sponsored
oh you guys literally saw me go on and
get this I didn't mean to buy it it was
just there I kind of need one of them so
I've got one
yo come to the sick case I think it's
like a trouble case wow this is well
fancy we're done where we get to spare
to spare heads and it's done that's it
it feels really plain is it is it tucked
away clean you're pressing go for it
modes oh you person go through the modes
Oh Mike what the fuck wait was it
someone being surface oh and it's off
fuckin I became a race track for this
thing well polish oh it turns up that's
it's pretty impressive I haven't had an
electric to push in forever just simply
because like there's never in the UK
there's never really charging socket so
I'll plug sockets to be able to charge
them in a bathroom but hey I've got one
there so I was like oh no it makes sense
and then do I just do it you charge it
Wireless through the dock is it charging
oh it's charging wirelessly holy shit
science this good sounds so running but
I hope that chick yesterday wasn't like
Oh books let's take a look look oh yeah
it's a fucking book plug that's on you
bomb it so you bought me this is a good
like leaving present from the house like
like you do if you haven't see the video
you'll be able to find it push bar
without but I wonder if that chick
yesterday would have gone look what the
fuck
Americans go crazy over jerky I don't
like beef jerky so I bought some chicken
jerky what is it honey barbecue jerky
should we try it no well it's actually
one o'clock in the morning it's 11
minutes past 11:00 I mean one what three
ones oh my god Illuminati well it's 6:00
in the morning there guys because I
accidentally fell asleep for my last
last off bar I'm sorry today was a
boring-ass nothing to do day hopefully
today should be more fun as in today
tomorrow's vlog so I got apology for
that and the bulb could be a prototype
let's see why they would it be and soon
being Tuesday we're going to New York so
get ready for more adventure more
awesome shit to do
so don't forget we've like cretin if you
enjoy the Hogs subscribe to see more
every single day I'm not even saying the
time now just in case I don't upload on
time and I will see you guys then big
booty squirrels
