good morning world of Internet we are
going to indicate con something games
shown today and I will cut with this I
honestly felt like someone punched me
the fucking face I even took four
friends saying dude I don't think I'm
okay I think you have an allergic
reaction something cuz I'm Alec was like
I'm as like swollen as fuck I woke up
with a call sir aka AIDS Oh Harry it's
serious serious serious hey dude go fuck
yourself
whoa looking out fro that is amazing as
we get out of the car we see a wild
pocket of drink cookies um jig muffins
outside thank thanks super driver yeah
thank thanks uber thanks dude thanks
buddy hey for the record that's Angelo a
partner over at through VD and by
partner mean boyfriend what summer run
rap I thought you were supposed to stay
in the car and I was the one who
supposed to leave get a fuck out of here
indicate see I was right the first time
when I said it bitch ah would you look
at all these little programmers doing
programming and shit hey sexy mom
looking in the wine section Trader Joe's
to see if you have any pumpkin spiced
wine if they do I give up all hope in
America okay I'll let you off America I
didn't find it but what I did find
is not cret me that's how much I am I
fucking quit pumpkin bagels seriously no
this is not acceptable
well I'm jealous nd what if someone
comes for so I got you this tell me
you're not happy support no squat what
are you compress yeah I have no idea
what I'm doing up there
Skybound now I'm sneaking behind the
scenes because why the fuck not I'm
probably gonna disconnect a cable and
get fucking kicked out for a place of
video games in particular this guy's
video game I met her she was like yeah
everywhere they got drunk for now I was
like ah well look away series an event
the creator of the game isn't actually
going to be playing with her son thank
God for that otherwise we get our asses
kicked on stream I think I found my
biggest fan daily plug these guys sell
kills I think I want a kill I told you
I'm actually getting a kill from these
guys it's gonna be so good I'm gonna
look no more jeans ever I'm going for
kilts for life from now on I'm
harnessing my indiscretion okay I told
you I would buy one and there you go
repping a straight-up kilt right now
don't even care not even jelly not even
mad I look swag as fuck
so that comes to places I've milk a cap
Oh what is happening you hit play but
okay I'm white and you're black okay so
you don't pay the Lycans
I got feeding yeah you what please marry
the know what is happening
it's nipples are vibrating in my path
okay and econ indicate you've already
successfully blowed my fucking mind
this is so sweet literally his bookbag I
like it here at Endicott
indicate Reuben scale one to ten the
kill what you think's wagon out Sandman
Oh
Reubens a man I just find a familiar
face excuse me sir oh there is thoughts
thoughts
okay this is a bit of a bet live
streaming and I've got look every spot
there so far I'm getting several
compliments on my kilt
I think I've got the most swag out of
everyone not this entire event
they're just jelly so so majestic some
little girls like Danny that guys
wearing your skirt it's not a skirt is
it don't know fuck it's good it's a
fucking kill ah my one founders Chapala
chapala after you sir after you oh yeah
I'd love some dog yep that's Adam for
the red card going to totally kill on is
not easier 13 Angeles
seananners Marin Shelby
Thanks unfortunately this thing is
getting bigger
did you enter Russia or whatever word
you go-go sure you take my Russian beer
I got by it got tagged by something 8c
that guy walking around right there
you see that guy see that guy dude just
came up to me in a hook to it with so
much swag you're not having any of it
no no why not that's all right maybe you
could have one thing Alan Alan all right
I was gonna doing a bucks and Alan I
getting some more ties anyway I got a
baseball bat you know check out fucking
sick guys folk clubs with barbed wire
that's pretty sick that's pretty sick
then well should I go don't you dad
randomly in LA and I was like a nice man
walking past they disappeared the nose
they're bought done awesome a solid core
just doing so much fucking runescape
everywhere reasonable like so fucking
much playing that shit bought he's
rapidly here in LA so we're gonna hang
out and watch what they're playing super
fights oh yeah okay I missed you once
before this camera makes them look so
majestic okay got it bitch
it's very very hot in LA right now
homies the same the next thing the world
shows that booty I'm just here so Joshua
happy birthday your legend
you owe your sister everything now
because she made me say how to birthday
to you so out of your face and goodbye I
disappeared for like five minutes on
stage this guy fucking was fighting
someone and this guy's walking around as
if he owns the place you do mo this is
genius
absolute genius everything about this is
just correct
look at this oh my god my ones Beast Boy
yeah you do rev your engine at me oh oh
I see I see why he's doing come on my
skirt I mean oh shit
I call it skirt fuck I might kill and
it's a wrap I've had enough of this cold
sore so I'm going to the pharmacy to go
and get some cream to put on it cuz it's
pissing me off
it's like irritating you know it hasn't
like grown or anything these kids have
no idea look they're like why is he
wearing a skirt it's a it's a kilt even
I keep saying skirt now but yeah I've
had enough of it some young get some
shits put on it hopefully it comes the
fuck down because it's getting bigger
yeah
so he's Angela's birthday yesterday and
I missed it when I was in Russia so I
got him a balloon angels at the events
we're gonna go back to him with a
balloon I've also got him
the best card ever my little pony it's
good to be a girl and I've got a gift
bag this big which I'm gonna I've got
fine summits put in it it's hopeful if I
find something just so fucking random it
will just put a smile on this face
because that's all I wanna do just make
him smile so we're gonna try and find
something anything that's the right size
I'm literally putting in this little
gift bag I've got deodorant cotton swabs
and lipstick so far I just need two more
things and I'm on the toy aisle and
we'll be good PACA great
happy birthday I didn't like it closed
day I don't know CBS tequila yeah it's
awful look look you've got got earbuds
lipstick crayon new tips and Crouch tell
me that's not the best present you've
ever had in your life
wait until you see your mother fucking
card this guy is going for it
oh you think it's okay to go up a
Scottish man's good idea I mean I keep
calling it a skirt I'm so sorry Scottish
people you see the curb there's gray
gray gray gray gray gray gray we'll see
where it goes we read there that's why
it's getting toward cookies across the
Red Scare some food we like after the
indeed events so what we're doing is
just like get some drinks and I'm going
to have some chats with some engineers a
lot of some videogames
we're missing a team member of the group
so and we all try and find him us where
the fuck is up the investigation
continues he said he was coming checking
on his car his car is gone and he is
gone and there is no answering of his
phone he goes straight transfer machine
what is going on and of course very
fucking is where we going where were you
I fucking hiding scared us all thinking
that going in trouble I've got into a
fight and we were gonna have to help
defend him with nothing but but but true
friendship right there we've I was wrong
his girlfriend your friend to get his
girlfriend's number because I thought he
was dead
so I was trying to get in there yeah you
want you want bum lip that's foolish
this this is what friendship is you've
got my back right are the everyday yeah
friends alright so we made it's like I
think a sports bar well just mind
chillin I probably won't be able argue
much now but yeah going to a sports bar
for a bit chilling out with gang 11 a
few beverages then going home because
I've got AIDS on my face and I'm gonna
work tomorrow and get shoot doing a
livestream what
but we're heading back to the outdoor
area cuz these guys can see it and I'm
like kilt and enjoying it so heading
back over there and we're going to go on
seas and shit
look at this guy I'm just kind of almost
confused as to what this guy is doing
using this isn't a sleeping bag in a
chair
look mom that's me blogging in motion
sensor mocap and this is me lifting my
kill oh say majestic the entire team
right now is mesmerized by a ladyboy god
we're having a fucking conversation
right now about why this outfit would
not get into a bar these issues one of
those cool right she said a killer fire
right what's wrong with this servoz what
you saying it's a conversation starter
yep this is the security line we have to
get through this
so imagine me queuing up like 20 minutes
for the guys staring at me
I like big pussy in the treetops vaginas
it's dated astronaut I am going to get
so turned to because what the fuck he's
even wearing
I think it's cosplay I totally forgot to
walk we went into like a really fancy
bar in LA annoyed it we're really funky
funky man I got in with a kill
finally is it Jeff so I have one
question from the entire night one of
those this is what drew Glendon look
like Oh totally filming you girls that
is exactly why I'm filming this is
perfect
