today is going to be a day in the life
of an iPhone 6's just picked it up
quality seems pretty damn insane and I
hope you guys enjoy it so all of today
Shawna 6s
fingers crossed I've got another memory
for the 4k video I got 120 I think we'll
be alright
they'll my is a beautiful day in the UK
right now and I have to point out that
this fella has the best license plate
ever boss for fuck's sake I should have
got here in about 25 minutes but instead
took me 45 I managed to successfully
spill a drink all over my suede seats in
my car that was great just after I got
my iPhone then I missed one turning
which put me on the motorway for an
extra thirty minutes my thoughts turned
left I would immediately go to any see
where I am now but instead I took the
wrong turn and they put me on the
motorway for 30 minutes so great success
alright day to let it begin the chaos is
here all these nerds everywhere and yet
realisation is I am definitely one of
them bought your memory to my stand now
so yeah my sister's doing it hopefully
try and find my dad
now that's the pirate ship alright so I
finally got to stand Alex Parrish
there we go all right and then these
guys go say hello to the blog yeah this
guy's got blue hair because why the hell
not so I'm so convinced this this this
is an HD enough doesn't seem too much
different but I'm gonna do some meet and
greets and some shit and let's get
started
people bring me stuff sometimes I can be
really weird but Rhys is a legend and
Rhys promise from cat for his son
Greece why looks so white Greece's the
homie if there was ever a better father
and son gamma combination nathan array
in limited edition LTS you and
limited-edition illuminati sure legends
second day on stage a youtube food the
eyes
I fuckin love Scottish people look at
what they brought me is the best thing
ever
what are the chances that yesterday we
met someone with a gold digger sure that
was an unopened in the package now Aiden
here not only is he wearing the God that
you show under here alright there's 300
of these in the world and you have to
yeah all right he has one in the
original first ever syndicate packaging
that we've got now I'm refusing to sign
it but what I'm gonna do you sign the
package just so it's like fully
authenticated something but that is sick
I fucking wolf Irish people I love the
way is that a selfie stick is that a
selfie stick
I was all Ryan so I realized he's using
a selfie he's using a substrate Oh -
plug on blog you drive good kiss my
gigas oh my god that was kind of gay and
there's like so many people watching
this ball I don't care goodbye oh my god
it's like this guy just keeps going but
so do all these people oh my god help me
made it over to the video booth where
I'm gonna be trying out the virtual
reality stuff pretty stoked this cuz
I've tried a bit of virtuality but not
to this extent so I'm gonna go in
probably come out with maybe Alex I
don't know if I like virtual you know
I'm gonna give it a go and come on be
like it was fucking something so wish me
luck oh yeah my dad's trying it as well
and there's Rupert the guy Ron's event
and has Graham a really old friend of my
dad's and mine stone swag
hahahaha
take your top coat the continent
that's happy together controlled on oh
my god
oh my god oh shit
whoa patek you're the cinemas going in
some
always spit
get up Walt
Don the president's device
Oh King Hancock you're gonna fall
bullshit
what can you see - it's a fucking whale
my god
Oh managed to escape the chaos meet all
you guys a little bit it is chaos though
I'll call it cares all the time because
it definitely is that what it's been for
us and shown out with Graham this legend
I've known him since we're first met
Ricky first memory of it I like how he
puts on this voice every time he does a
government so hot rod iron man good shit
epic
that is so fucking good
the detail is over 9,000 sameen phase
magazine back on the razor bus streaming
to these fabulous people with Oh Darin
and Nick again oh great Nick the dick
oh there's oh wow kitty cat appears
oh no he's not actually a dick he's
actually a really nice guy he says who
did jakey Oh Jake I don't know I miss
Jake and I wasn't roll all right
so Jack's Rob hi Jake good time here in
the hood now so yeah we're about to play
some called you it just saying that we
just did a 1v1 and I won holla holla so
that was pretty good and now we're gonna
do a shotguns only class out with and
death I'll stop vlogging again when I've
beaten her again ha ha ha
come to a gaming event and I just find
my dad just stood in the crowd drinking
beer do the reason lucky with these
fabulous people who won the lock-in
so these guys even bought Ray's product
or a syndicate Esha and got themselves a
fabulous chance to put on the bus with
me where I'm going to touch them section
I liked how you were all really
unconfident about that laughs like wait
is he really gonna do it I'm not gonna
touch them or am i I'm pretty sure we're
watching Mass RG simulator 2015 right
now what what is going on here Waldo
just got off the bus plane with these
guys honestly it's been an absolute
playing playing pleasure I did not touch
anyone I know I said I was on the bus
but guys thank you very much for playing
I hope you enjoyed yourselves we did end
up having like a big live talk about
just careers and stuff like that book
thanks for playing it was awesome you
are legends I wish you best mother look
with you jobs and stuff like that and
this guy he's just a criminal like why I
say that because he charged so much
money to use credit card your mom's
credit card
let's go back I just found Brian's phone
I just found his phone and this is his
wallpaper what the fuck is that about
wait can you even sit focus bone focus
it's just a picture of mr. Saur
photoshopped on a naked guys body sack
shoutout to you you're a handsome man
this is Russell all right and he's got
cerebral palsy but you know what I've
never met such a more positive thinking
person and a happy child because
honestly you've got a really crappy
thing that happens here
we cannot let it get you down and you've
still got all your energy and all the
life about you so cerebral start palsy
go fuck yourself okay love yourself I
just walked out of the mine into the my
room
I'm so confused right now what's
happening I don't know either
someone walking past basically for an
energy drink in the back of his like
wheelchair and they are these headphones
in there any speakers so that ya own
headphones are they ruined yeah you're
right so conveniently today I just went
to bought a new iPhone it was alright
okay so some important energy drink
bought conveniently today I went and
bought this phone dinner on the iPhone
5s alright so as I went up if I hope I
have this on my desk this is your I am
talking alright welcome to the shagging
I don't know it's the back there fast it
down properly oh we broke the vehicle
fuck you know I put it in the sink but I
think this thing's broken is a fucking
tool box down there but I'm is this
legal Michaels notices
I don't know what you're talking about
I'm filming from your waist this is
because the doing this you can't do it
yeah yeah
alright let's roll I see these people
outside so it's like whilst I was doing
my sinus myself at that crowd OHS oh
look again and then that's surrounded by
people doing so thank you didn't want to
be in the video maybe this isn't running
now
if this is moving now here in a bag
before it beats movies spewed ah
I'll give you some advice all the way
from America
what did you get plate of rice
so let's go drive all the way home I'm
staying
two more days pretty crazy
I'm a very I don't think we're going
back to hotel room wait wait and you
please hurry up for fuck's sake
yes thanks for that yo we need that
stuff yep ken can't open a door come on
hello shit is vlog ever know my I wanna
see myself I want to see myself ah yeah
remember the first day we actually ever
ever got down here right was the day I
was like these two were asleep and I
know them they put the Do Not Disturb
sign on the door and this is from this
mess this
from the first day we got here we don't
even have any clean towels it's most
likely a shit in the toilet this is this
is what it is like there's one teacher
of mine these are all yours get this out
the way get this out away get this off
my bed finally there's maids oh fuck
anyway guys I'm going to bed I hope you
enjoyed today's vlog I did film it up a
film I almost that's great I look like
I'm naked but I'm not I am filming on
the 6s so hopefully you can notice the
difference if you can then let me know
in the comments below I really want
people to say if they can tell me if you
can notice it I personally cannot it
went I got the statistic it went from a
1.2 megapixel front-facing camera to a 5
so we should be so it should be like
anyway so it went from a 1.2 megapixel
it's a 5 megapixel camera
I can't notice the difference so
nonetheless guys make sure you leave a
like rating subscribe to see more of my
face and day 2 of Eurogamer over 2 more
days to go 2 more days of meeting you
guys and it's gonna be awesome so much
love see faces
goodbye and adios you're all on fucking
crack house or head to cut
