a whopping two and a half hours sleep
later
I've got these two annoying pills waking
me up
regardless day one of Eurogamer begins
now thank you it's actually a really
nice day to stay inside and go to a
gaming event all day yeah look at all
these tourist destinations you can go to
I want to go there I want to go to Paul
Tunes family theme park I'm gonna go
show everyone shuts up I'm gonna go I
can go tell them that I don't want to go
to Eurogamer instead oh I don't
understand why are we not going to Paul
to theme park
look there's a Peppa Pig right there's a
4d cinema and this caterpillar I you
know what executive decision alice is
gonna go and take a shit in that portal
ooh get range thing and then we're going
to go and get on the caterpillar how
excited are you are you for today how
excited are you are you for today okay
okay plan B the taxi rank company's
gonna take forever to get here so
ongoing drivers J alright partner Carol
give me that for four days
they were like yeah you can live there
is your own responsibility totally fine
with that
got insurance for a reason hopefully
nothing bad happens to it I just sat on
this boss and I just spotted some guy
wearing a gold digger t-shirt so I'm
gonna wait here sneakily wait for him to
approach and pounce on him when he gets
it he has no idea that I'm here I think
well like stood here right now hopefully
where is it where is it that's the guy
on the left and they try and grab a
member like yo now sure you might not
even know I'm booked hopefully hopefully
I can catch him you ready this guy yeah
that's a nice shirt you've gone I just
spotted been on the bus I was like that
guy's got a really nice shirt on but did
and I said holy get on a rig yo dude
look at all these people holy fuck they
just opened it up to let people in oh my
days oh all these people come into an
event life's all because of this guy
this is the guy who basically Skyy you
have a guys night looking Rupa I don't
but knowing that five years my fifth or
fourth year old game yeah yeah five
years of doing YouTube and I missed
which companies because Eurogamer it
will always be I don't know some some
gaming event but this will always be my
main event always always be here oh my
God look how busy Eurogamer is Wow
so so colorful many boxes much Wow joke
sneaking in the back entrance to go to
the press area that's what we fuckin do
around here in that right he knows this
guy knows this guy knows everything he
knows all right I'm here
the councilman's oh and last time I
actually met these guys was insomnia
when I was
yeah all right when I was really really
really really drunk and I sung happy
birthday to her and oh she's like well I
will just point out this contraption one
of those what is this explain this to us
absent thought it's literally just
technology this guy must be a fucking
professional taking selfies that's all -
David would you just look about you it's
amazing look at all these fabulous
people you wanna be in a blog just look
at it I don't know what's going on my
face right now what the hell
hello what why do I look so many
different shades of a cone but anyway
I'm doing a signing on the babe so to
all these
tell all these people that I'm just
doing kind of like get organized to do a
signing with it should be pretty sick so
I think this guy pretty sick so just a
night an hour and a half of silence
already gonna continue on on the YouTube
stage the charge over here legend from
YouTube and yes get this show on the
road time to hack YouTube I have just
finished doing two hours signing if I
move and then what was an hour and a
half signing on the stage but he turned
into another two and a half times I've
done four and a half hours worth of
signings photos of me funds be proud of
what the hell is that
no I don't want that one I don't like it
it smells funny sees my heart no I don't
like that one either but how you doing
about it's crazy
oh there she is hahaha this is why going
to gaming that is awesome this guys
wearing a cool good shirt so so say
hello to dog walk he'll see this there
you go
see golden I got you back this is one of
the coolest things I've seen you
it's about lights I better go to my
glowy tree islands dude this is sick
don't fail good stuff awesome
shit what never fuck is going on
you know this guy's been giving me
Sharda like you better watch yourself
o-64 turn you know what you need to do
and you and you and you you all need to
stop horsing around cuz it's not funny
anymore alright I'm here with this folk
phase magazine here look at the hair is
that not fabulous that's definitely the
core I'm going next
I'm what happened to your talk about him
so it has it but we're about to do some
vlog streaming this is behind the scenes
right now it's behind the scenes yeah
this is my this is my this is my domain
we can do some streaming and it's gonna
be awesome
I'll do some vlogs a bit but I am so
tired let's go bail we successfully
streamed for a full 35 seconds down so
hopefully rest in peace very staying
calm your tits that's what someone in
the chat says syndicate has broken it
again
GG oh and now joins us look at your face
oh my sister
yeah she's got really good mind with
features okay
mr. Longbottom I'm here to leave you a
message from the department of big booty
bitches that you are lacking the booty
bitche is in your department thank you
for your time this has been Tom
Syndicate and I love your face
goodbye just for the record these guys
asked me to ring a friend around a
friend and that's the voicemail because
I'm a swaggy Beast
my dad's gonna buy the the razor gaming
bus and then he's gonna drive me around
sucking me fun play video games with
them so what we do is like every day we
do a locker platform today we're gonna
do a lock-in where I come up here and
play with funs xx we win the opportunity
to sit up here playing games with me and
then 1440 people so it's pretty sick day
one edge X is a wrap
good day good day really really really
tired where's my blade yeah you keep
your eyes away from it Nick the dick
that's what we know him as I stole his
blade he stole mine you know stay away
from my bag I don't trust him at all I
feel like how razor feels with me around
but anyway that's day one John we're
gonna go up some food and there's some
drinks drinks tracked drank strict this
could be awesome honestly it's been a
pleasure meeting all you guys I have not
stopped all day and if there's ever been
anyone who's like I want to meet you a
smell like that I have made sure I like
go out my way to meet them so hells to
the motherfucking yeah look at this
place is empty
oh my god that is a good-looking car
gt-r carbon fiber trim everywhere holy
nice-lookin motivic I have to say it man
I was like I can't get my video uploaded
on time it's gonna be way and George
saved the damn day over at YouTube
gaming hooked me up I walked over to
their stand got myself for really
stupidly fast Wi-Fi from the staffs
Wi-Fi and just got my vlog so it's still
late but nonetheless I got it up in a
minute so I know where I'm coming
tomorrow to a bullabbai blog judge is a
man talk about timing for the show the
shuttle which we just turned up right in
front of us
there you go really good fucking time
really good timing I have no idea what
she's doing but Alice can we just come
in for a second oh just guys I want to
see 10,000 comments down below just
saying just look at that view
swear she's on crack out the time I
don't know what the fuck is happening
anyway I swear to God
anyway I've got a really good talk with
YouTube guys today about developing the
app because you guys know I did my
videos such for this channel on the
crater up and upload through it speaking
some about like doing it up making it
all better and easier for me to upload
and just bet for you guys in general so
it's gonna be sick if you can get that
rocking and rolling and yeah let's get
this show on the road
taking the people back in the Bay to the
hotel and then we're going out to the
YouTube pie so it's gonna be sweet it's
not a clown car get in the fucking car
what are you doing she's moving alright
go on get in well oh look at that tushy
oh my God look away I managed to have a
20 minute kicker a kipper nipper or half
an hour kipper nipper in the hotel so
happy about that now we're going up some
food it's half this eight go out some
food and then we're going to the YouTube
partay I like the industry part in the
night and gonna see Terrorizer the rest
of the gang and just have a few
beverages don't get too drunk because I
got like I got days of just meeting you
guys so it comes priority to not get
drunk and you know just make sure I'm in
one piece WC as many of you guys as a
couple
and here we observe India and her
natural and bond why is there a porno
going on on these pictures in the men's
toilet
she's jizz it herself and these sewers
just there don't disrespect in this man
in the middle I like it
hi there that's Karen Karen say hi hi
also known as mother to the triple Chan
ah and here's India team of the best
ocean phone oh okay
and there's Atlas I was do a jump for
joy Oh Julius el n√∫mero - of the trip
fancy hotel we have for one night
there's my bed absolutely as in do you
ready - that was yes in raving terms
okay we're gonna have a bit of tour in
here this is called the club this
reading book tom-toms the pizza goes off
you know right so dawn okay I broke that
so let's move out at that place and yeah
here's the bathroom
Alice took a massive shit away there's a
little bit in there
that's pretty fucking great of you ass
good job did I Mike all right we ready
go gang let's fucking go go go go could
show you ready
the Eurogamer and you cheap I it was
awesome it's called the industry party
look at your face it's all dirty
alakazam alice is a paralytic state
right now my voice is gone
she told have not been there because
India do you have a great time husband
voice remembers it was so many a Mickle
just paralytically off their face in
there yeah we were there like drinking
but like these people on another fucking
planet like shit say no but anyway
that's good pretty much wrap up today it
was awesome meeting all you guys that
was Thursday on the Rupp's Friday
tomorrow it's gonna be even busier but
not as busy okay hiccups as Saturday and
also thank you to every single person
that I bumped into in that bar he was
like I'm going to buy you a Jager Bomb
they were like you bought me one once so
I'm buying you are now so it's like this
collective debt I've made over the past
three years of my ever on Jager bombs at
parties I didn't get drunk someone tried
to hand me a dodgy drink and I was like
yeah no you can drink that anyway I was
like yeah thanks not gonna do that but
honestly it was a blasphemy oh you guys
you're all legends so next time I'll see
you tomorrow
make sure you swing by the sink original
booth that's where I'm gonna be pick up
some swag with these two annoying gasp
ladies I love your faces make sure you
leave a like crane so let me know you
enjoy the video and subscribe to see my
face some more India you got five
seconds to say something I love you guys
there's your vision of the future by
dancing in demos
