this might be the best thing we've seen
or vlog but I can not wait to show you
guys this and know it's not that view if
you look carefully in the bottom
right-hand corner you'll see an
illuminated can navigate like race with
the tractor what has he done to this
field oh shit your lad oh my god so what
happened there can could look at that
one
he smoked him he smoked the one in the
background before I get stuck it before
he gets to what am I even looking at
how's it gone dad
prepare yourself mate you smoked him off
go on lad tip it
you have to shovel it by under you turn
out ten skills go online press the boy
push the butter let me know you've ah
skills skills skills to pay the bills
nice good job Kenny good job
good job who's this I think he's dog is
that it nice good job oh my god you
crashed what is going on
it took him 60 trips to move dirt from
there to there for my garden legend Ken
out for food with my dad and I have to
give him 10 out of 10 so that was out of
any coulda pack to the car park you
could have parked over there and he just
parallel parked it there
hey I remember when I was outside the
Chinese I could do that so Phil didn't
inherit his driving skill jeez he tied
me that is why I talked about me oh it's
a Chiquita bakery
oh yes jealous was this hello and
there's Romania steak and shrimp put a
surf and turf when you bring and a
chicken burger
really
you couldn't have warned me any quicker
I like to put salt on my steak it now
looks like the snow storm just drifted
through and ruined it but look like
Ken's in the back where he belongs
you stay back there you fool ken where
you go tomorrow okay no stop whistling
where you going tomorrow that recycles
you know where you going tomorrow the
sauna cool show what burning your try
this one more time
dad where you going tomorrow cycles show
always run on Friday
Oh and X X s are you sure it's not
called egx
also known as you're a gamer that
possibly it was that your next guest
yeah there is that's where he's going oh
it's tomorrow to the cycle show on a
Friday I'm going to Eurogamer which is
anything before so as you see his
fabulous face walking around the event
and make sure you go over to himself oh
my god you're nervous you're Ken make
sure you go and take a photo with my dad
and tweet at me okay so I am back from
dinner I just realized we just hit one
point six million subscribers on the
blogging channel that is so awesome
we were like 1.5 million subscribers
like literally a month ago so the
500,000 people subscribe is awesome
don't forget every single day new daily
vlog for you guys faces to enjoy and by
the way when the iPhone 6s comes out
these folks are gonna get so so that
sounds like an STD but they're gonna get
so good in quality yeah alright so meet
my dad and Gayle we all pulled up after
we had dinner on the side of the road
ahead good signal and big shout-out to
Jay from just giving awards FaceTime me
so I could watch the award show live
because I couldn't make you down to the
show tonight unfortunately except got to
go to the event but it was just so
awesomely livestream that I was up
against the guy who plays super month so
you like the new Batman vs Superman I
was up against him and someone else to
win the award and they made it like
syndicate vs Superman and they called me
syndicate the same versus Superman which
was it was just really funny my dad was
like super proud to be watching and so
was Gail and it was just it was amazing
to be given the opportunity to be
nominated for the award it was like it
was for celebrity fundraiser award and
that to the to the fact that I got put
as celebrity it's just still really
crazy so that's all thanks to you guys
for raising so much money and like so
much love and support so I just shit
myself I thought there's something off
in the background like running towards
me Britt do you play that back and watch
my eyes I was like ah so anyway we
didn't win unfortunately we lost to
someone who actually
every single football pitch in the UK
and he did 50 miles on average a day did
a thousand miles and tall which is
absolutely crazy
totally deserve to win but I just played
video games so this guy you know I did
all this like hard work and stuff and it
was even for the Pride of Britain Awards
we got nominated for that and we didn't
win that in fact we just a runner-up
bought like the person who went that
like I think they did like what like
7:30 marathons like so over many miles
in the North Pole like so it's like
putting me up against someone like I
played video games all day going against
someone who run marathons in the North
Pole it's clear who's going to win but
nonetheless guys it was an amazing
opportunity to get nominated and we
should be super proud of that cause as a
community the syndicate team got
nominated for something like that so
nonetheless it was epic but now I am
going heading off to urema so if you're
gonna be there I will see your face let
the adventure begin I'm gonna set off
now it really is a shame you can't see
too well but the driver about the take
is like a two-hour drive and my car just
looks so moist but we're gonna be even
got my flashlight on to be I'd say it
but Mr car HQ are you ready to take me I
wish my current speed back to me like I
was it was a cold night ride it yeah
what's it called the Cara Knight Rider
whatever it is I wish you would talk
back to me we could just go an adventure
but let's go and have it you can't even
see me because it's so fucking drive
yeah rather than getting the train to go
to this event which would have been
stupidly smart I've decided to drive
down again just because I want to get as
many miles on my car
so sexual on my count as possible before
I go back to America really soon so we
can't be driving down there it's gonna
be a two-hour drive think I can do it in
an hour 30 it's late at night and
there's no traffic so we should cameras
not focusing be good to go so let's go I
was gonna go pro this boy it's stupidly
late at night you won't be able to say
anything that's to that boy we're gonna
go and drive an adventure so let's get
this show on the road car are you ready
yeah all right we're fueled up
we put 20 pounds in because we already
had quite a bit of petrol we've got
actually 1937 miles on the clock of my
car by the time we get to this place I
reckon we're gonna be over 2,000 so
let's
get this Judy but good I don't even have
an address to where I'm going I'm just
going to head to Birmingham and wish me
luck
damn son it's a 10:00 to 1:00 in the
morning
and I'm stuck in traffic now been stuck
in traffic for about 20 minutes but I've
got to go from where you see there all
the way to like where that white stripe
you iEARN stop so I'm going to be stuck
in traffic for a hell of a long time and
there's valleys everywhere so this is
where at night time like all the trucks
and shit I go and delivering stuff
around the country so if I try I'm on
the m6 where everyone else isn't like
well well all the routes go so yeah
visitors took in traffic food probably
if I could guess off that next half an
hour
oh well luckily I was into an audio book
so I don't really care the cheese two
o'clock in the morning went down a few
too many wrong roads boy I think I made
it to her and supposed to be bays parked
up nice and safely and I'm not going to
try and find where I'm supposed to go
I've been given an address it doesn't
work when I put it in the thing but
fingers crossed I will try and find it
there's a hotel right next to it so I'm
assuming that's the one if it's not
screwed oh yeah don't mind me gets there
this room these two a passed-out was
fuck oh and there's my massive bed
that's it I'm going to bed now say
goodbye right so yeah I'm good but
nothing crazy happened today I did
actually just for this intro once and
jump a little bit
so take happens again so it's two
o'clock in the morning you should
probably go to sleep so there's a big
giant pillow penis up there oh yeah you
guys did there they were like fast
asleep and then they start dancing to
dance
it's great anyway make sure you leave a
like great let's blow you enjoying the
videos and subscribe to see more of her
face that's a leg anyway the book
