would you just look at it look at that
JCB it's so damn fabulous I have the
difficult decision of going getting KFC
McDonald's are saying no to all of it
and just going to test goes getting a
nice salad I want to eat healthy
thinking you'll be eating unhealthy food
makes me a sad little kitty cat I
decided against clogging my arteries up
with shit and decided to go and get a
little little pasta salad so the pasta
side won't do bad for breakfast and then
about five minutes later when I'm hungry
I will probably go it's about dogs
getting a double cheeseburger screw my
view look at that view Wow but is I'm
taking a photo of that that is pretty
damn sexual there definitely could be
worse places to be having a picnic right
now I'll tell you that for free but
don't you like my collection of stuff I
got a salad sandwich sunidhi and a pie
it like four pints of milk you know what
perfection Oh
story time with Tom okay so basically I
might be going out to LA as you guys
know I go back and forth between I like
like every other month so I go la
England la England and this time I was
staying here from now till the 28th of
this month then going back out to LA for
a month but something's popped up which
might need me going to LA tomorrow
seriously so I might be flying out to LA
tomorrow which is gonna be absolutely
ridiculously stupid but if it goes ahead
then I might be fine their problem with
that is if I fly out to LA I'm gonna fly
there and be super tired I go to the
event be very tired just like ah but
then I fire back the next day to get
back here for Eurogamer this is how busy
my life can be sometimes like you know
like days I've just been sat here in the
house like I'm doing nothing I'm doing
nothing I'm doing nothing well now
things pop up and this is always what
happens things just pop up but in my
mind I want to do it because I'll make
for such good daily vlog so hopefully if
I can do it all in time and everything
gets re now it's gonna be epic and if
you go into your again will hopefully I
meet your face at eurogamer's so if you
see me at your game and I'm tired you
know why it's because I literally just
got back from LA that day you met me so
it's a difficult decision to make but
trust me it's
as you guys know I Drive a LD TT 2015 in
the UK and I've decided what I'm getting
as my next card now I'm going to say
this I want to leave a comment down
below guessing right now it could be any
car in the world okay
any car in the world but I always wait
to get an Audi r8 that was like my dream
car thought it was amazing wasn't too
expensive web like what it's so much won
but like it's not expensive for like a
supercar sort of thing now I got the TT
and in my opinion the 2015 teetee the
front of it looks just like an RA it's
not in my opinion better so now I've got
that car I'm like I really don't want to
get an RA as a next car I want to say I
get it as a next guy I'm talking about
like in six months time whatever at
least been driving for a year and I get
a different car now I'm gonna show you a
picture of the car that I want but I
want to see if anyone can guess what it
is
all right you better let your comment
down below because this this right now
I'm going to show you a wheel I'm gonna
show you a wheel you ready I'm gonna
zoom into the wheel just to show you it
I'm gonna show you it you see it can you
guess what it is yeah it is a Corvette
zo6 this is the bump I have one I have
to get imported now you're trying to
speak to Chevrolet directly and see if
there's anything we can sort out about
them helping me get it shipped over to
UK but I've won a Corvette zo6 Chevrolet
shipped over so I can have a taste of
America in the UK and just be driving
this piece because I'm not gonna lie I
saw it on top gear yesterday and ever
since then I've been in love with it no
car that I've looked at in the past
couple points has made me look at it and
just go I want that I need that inside
me right now so that right there that
dude that cabin host if it's going to be
me driving one of these bad boys in the
UK and if you could pick a collar to me
driving because there it is in yellow
alright not keen and yellow but I'm even
gonna go bright white or get it wrapped
in like matte black look looks pretty
nice he feels like you should be a car
that is a bright color but again I don't
know I kind of like matte matte dark
anyway that's what I want to get let me
know your comments down below if you
don't like it go fuck yourself I'm so
damn happy after having this microphone
for I think about a year there was a
vlogger I didn't we I'm actually gonna
check I did a day in the life of like
Cindy Kerr on my vlogging Channel about
a year ago it might even be close to two
years ago where I actually received this
in the mail
yeah a year ago I'd and a life of
syndicate in Los Angeles oh my god
October yeah I got this eleven months
ago and I've always wanted to get it
hooked up I'm working and I finally got
like my mix amp working for it and now
all my videos on my main channel
I got a sound absolutely epic like I
just did a video with it and I'm really
really happy with it so if you guys
watch an ecology zombies video that I've
got coming out you'll see that I use
this microphone and I can now shout like
fuck I ride a pretty as long as I want
and it will not like scream in your ears
anymore so you're welcome and I
apologize for finally getting around to
doing it after all this time lon oh no
that's not outside the window
that's daytime coming through it's
fucking daytime
seriously if I'm not surprised my dad's
it alright my dad's not here yet boy
it's actually daytime outside my house
also if you didn't know this magic
switch class just but luckily my rooms
nice and dark for the 5 seconds before
it starts blinding in through my blinds
but yeah it's time for me to go to bed
gotta do my workout gonna get in bed
literally did nothing all day and I was
talking I don't I'll have to check the
edit in this vlog but I said I was like
maybe going to America tomorrow well
unfortunately that fell through it I'm
not going to America tomorrow I'm going
on Sunday so if you are going to Europe
gamer I will be there every single day
no fuck-ups no messing about which is
probably for the best to be honest
because I really don't really miss any
fans who were traveling down to your
again but if you're going to you're a
gamer guys I will see you all there The
Syndicate original stand is gonna be
there you'll meet my sister my mom and
India so it's gonna be I mean never
Alice my mum and India it so couldn't be
epic so much love your faces I'm gonna
go to bed I'm thinking of doing like
days where I haven't got much going on
here I'm thinking of maybe throwing in
like a dare Tom like people stick like
trying to dare me to do something where
it's like
fucking out bake a cake I won't put too
much of the footage in like overly like
crumb shit in but like we could do like
a dare Tom to like bake a cake or dare
Tom to I don't fucking know like go and
just do a fun challenge so let me know
what you think about that like I did
want to do like a bit of a Q&A but I
think I want to keep my q and A's to
like my snapchat kione's which I haven't
done for a long time which I'm gonna get
back into and so hopefully if we can get
them done and then we can step it up and
maybe do some deer Tom's in my vlog so
yeah we'll see how things go but much
luck she faces thank you for being
awesome and I will see you guys tomorrow
ever it wasn't comment on my last video
saying that's a big TV it is routine TV
it's a 78 inch Samsung curved TV my bed
seven foot wide the TV's pretty much
seven foot wide makes sense right there
right make sure they'd like great mics
me know you enjoy my daily vlogs of
doing fuck all all day subscribe and Oh
doesn't this look like yesterday's vlog
I know I'm not wearing the same t-shirt
the benefits of owning a clothing
clothing line is that you have 7,000 of
the same shirt which is your favorite
because I'm fucking on the company and
if you want to grab yourselves one of
these links in the description batch
