good morning ladies and gentlemen it is
currently 12 a.m. yeah
supposed to help Italia and go an
adventure in stock but because I went
out last night I was like oh I kind of
already did that but I've noticed
something's gone wrong this missing
dismissing this morning somebody has
replaced my note so we must leave them
with a new one wah wah wah wah
total sellout subscribe to syndicate
central on YouTube or if that gets me
one subscriber just one subscriber then
we did a good job
hot damn it is a beautiful day ask the
guy the concierge is like good so where
do you recommend for breakfast he said I
recommend farmers fishers and Baker's
just on the harbour so I was like you
know what dude food Budi Budi I'm gonna
take your advice
can I go check you out I'm gonna go have
a nice a nice breakfast at lunchtime
because why not I think if we haven't
realized already one my biggest scenes
of all time is cuz why not because why
not
target located just about to go and go
to the market place and I met Andreas
from Denmark one of the chances of that
meeting you guys all over the world all
right so just literally walks away from
the guy from the Netherlands bunsen -
Amon he just they might watch my videos
and stuff so I love those guys stop it
they hope I get some free bread it is
just so crazy how I meet you guys in the
most random situations we stood there
literally a second ago then inside the
restaurant like where am I where my neck
is gonna meet the next person it's just
so fucking awesome to meet you guys I
love a little bit absolutely love it I
just got a text of the people from
element basically saying a little buddy
that's not what they said that and
hopefully it should be ready today but
it's not confirmed until I get a text
off the embassy so well not bad for
breakfast
Jesus this is such a nice thing oh my
gosh
yeah it's amazingly nice in it
absolutely love Washington man we live
in such a nice place so I took a taxi
all the way over to here and Google Maps
as the party stores there but it's not
so I'm going to try and find it upon
further inspection it's inside that mall
so that's where we're going
fingers crossed and I don't want to take
too long because I might be late to pick
up my visa oh yeah by the way I got got
the confirmation my visas ready so I
totally forgot to tell you whilst I was
eating my food my visa I got the text
say my visas ready from fucking stoked I
get to one get that at like 2 o'clock so
it gives me like 45 minutes to be able
to go and find a Halloween costume so if
I can find it then fuck it if I can't
find one then I'm kind of screwed
whoa thank you this is a pretty badass
small now bad alright I found it
Oh confound it I have no idea what I
want to be do I want to be a fairy
looking Zelda a human
I have genuinely no idea I could take
the super simple route and I think I
might do this I think this is genuine I
might do I think I magical is Breaking
Bad so like I literally just said just
like looking for like Halloween costumes
I found this this guy came over to me
markers like I just said like who
allowed me I met someone from the
Netherlands today I went to a restaurant
and I met someone there as well so
hopefully this guy's gonna help me find
a costume so yeah yeah this pretty much
makes sense that can wear whatever I
want underneath it as well so I think
I'll take this
if this is a music Jason kills people
too he probably has a really good time
raving whilst doing it I like how this
section is called was it called costumes
for playful adults so basically this is
just sexy women with boobs hanging out
so yeah a massive shout out to total
party in Washington oh my god the fact
that I even just got that now is so good
so to say Breaking Bad is just the
easiest one to do the mask for it that
you get is actually really fucking good
looks super super like it so thank God I
got that sorted now I can turn up to New
York with this it can fit in my suitcase
just fine the airplane people might be
like why do you have a gas mask I'm like
hey why the hell not bought we've got it
we've got it sorted all is good in the
hood let's fucking go boys
time to go would get buggies to get
buggies and get my visa so far my day's
going pretty damn well I've got I just
got my visa to go to Russia that's what
I'm gonna get now that got completed
I've got allowed to go to Russia that's
pretty cool and I got my Halloween
costume for pi I'm going to tonight so
so far so good everything that has been
panning out pretty damn good so
hopefully I can get on a flight now
earlier to New York and the day should
go smoothly I just got an email saying
I'm a flight to New York who's been
delayed by two hours which means I'd get
into New York at like how fast a by the
time I got from the airport to my hotel
it'd be 9 o'clock
by the time pretty much the event is
gonna be over when I get there so that
really really fucking sucks so I just
got on the phone to a different airline
I'm like if I turn up to the airport now
with no bags to check track no belts got
on the flight and they said they want to
fly every single hour so fingers crossed
I can do that also we've got my visa
stoked you get to go to Russia for 14
days now we're going to we're racing to
the airport to try to get to New York
even earlier so let's go let's do this
you me can do this man you're the man of
the hour I believe in you hey I love how
I just rolled up at the airport and put
in that gas mask and the biohazard suit
to the back of my bag like security is
probably gonna be on me like a fly all
right gate 42 got my
for yes oh my god this has panned out so
good so my flight it was actually gonna
be like five something got delayed till
seven o'clock so that would have messed
me up completely but look like and jump
on this flight now at 3:30 which is
going to get me there at 4:30 and means
I get to get to the party on time and
check into my hotel so gate 42 and gate
42 will be putting two over there
massive fucking great hell yeah so I
showed him my ticket was like I need to
be on this plane they're like okay
coming straight to be priority boarding
and I went to toilet was like oh I've
got forever got like half an hour look
to my gate I saw it was like fucking
empty I was like oh my what everyone's
already on the plane so I made it we
made it bitches
we made it
get rekt I was sat at the very back of
the plane oh my oh I'm gonna get off
last and everyone was getting off the
army and pushing to the front like
banging into people and then they opened
the other door so I got a flight first
so hey not gonna lie very fucking
convenient but I finally touchdown in
New York for the first time ever in my
life this might be the longest line for
taxi I've ever seen in my life
no it's not daylight here it's just that
bigger screen because I'm in Times
Square
Jesus roast but fucking big these
monitors are holy shit well I would want
to pay that electric bill holy fucking
televisions my friend that is quite a
few guys us tourists of course this is
just the adventure of series for me so I
booked my hotel for booking calm for
where I'm staying and I've got here like
yeah your name's not on your account I'm
like what like yeah we don't have your
name down but they've got my big family
of nation there's just no name on it I
might I've got the evidence of email and
I've got my receipt I've got my bank
card and everything on my passport in
like yeah buts no name on the room right
I paid for I own the credit card so
hopefully we can sort it out and of
course to waste the most time see that
long hallway I just walked down my
entire thing to get to the final fucking
room it was worth the walk the view is
fucking epic you can't really open the
windows but still I guess I'm gonna
stand there naked in the morning just
show my looks to these office workers
yeah bitches
I'm ready break it on Lexi's blue buff
here I fucking come this is gonna steam
up so bad I'm ready
I wish the yellow on the jump shoot will
shoot the jump shoot was a bit stronger
because you can kind of like see my
clothes right but I'm gonna be a dark PI
so I don't think it ons gonna fucking
know it
but either way I've even got a look like
a cleaner walk around here oh well a
biohazard person like you guys I could
do practice like you guys seen that guy
shad himself you have gone clean up
there like what if I do not look weird
enough there is a horse riding straight
that's the hotel
so yeah you know pretty casual we matter
looks about at me right now a quite
amazing shrimp at a taxi this is one way
to travel in style
so buddy thank you very much good surfer
shut up bro
I made it the only thing I want to do
right now is get a beer but I don't know
where she is but either way I made it
and she was worried it was gonna be
empty
no it's booked your busiest year so
basically found out Lexi's mom watches
my videos go fuck yourself woman I
fucking hate you a joke I love it to
bits but you probably can't hear me cuz
I'm right over speaker but either way
way Mary ocher all these people and this
guy this guy recognized me instead hello
so
to go it's okay he's okay you guys being
a part of my word
I never thought how it comes his event
tonight she'll punch people and Eileen
which works me insane she saw me waste
$3,000 on getting the csgo night I'm
such a failure
alright I just got cut really don't do
that just called me out for a 1v1 a
mario cap no you're not so you want to
use this and I'm using the gamepad is
this alright I need the big controller
Oh
oh I got tagged YouTube space okay I was
going to sneak backstage but then they
said no you're actually allowed
backstage so sneaky backstage you no
longer classes is sneaking it anymore
god damnit YouTube space really you're
gonna do this to me
hugs behind-the-scenes tour with Lex
well come on you hold the door for me
that's right
what is this whoa whoa whose is it
can I go in it it was like does it look
oh wait this is yours
no no no it's YouTube space so this is
YouTube space New York set well what's
it all huh che touch they help me okay
this is kind of kind of creepy because
we got diz head over here we got a duck
just chilling there's a secret fucking
passage oh this is epic this is where I
filmed yesterday is this where she
closes the door behind then I'm stuck
here forever
gotcha bitch whoa does it work yeah what
no you can't pull it but okay put all
the lights like I'll be all like you're
on right now like they have a control
board so you're able to control all the
lights this room lights up red and then
this turns on and they have all sorts of
like mood lighting he's got stuff like
scratched in the wall now that is what
you call a live streaming setup that is
fucking epic overall Lex's pie was
awesome I got here just as it started
and it only lasted friend like to our
half hours so if I would have got the
other flight which was delayed but say
it wasn't delayed I would have missed
the entire party so really really glad I
made it
rest in peace outfit you did a good job
you stuck like that probably the best
outfit I could get that stop it that
stop it
I'm such a thug
you're being yourself it's not
acceptable so like the best reason about
that is now that I can meet up with deck
and everyone later on at night and just
go straight out I'm ready to go
great to put and go we're going to the
meatball shop that looks extremely busy
taking goes into the basement okay I'm
okay with this I think yes
okay everyone is so fucking drunk in
here mother like daughter
you know what's recommended me meatballs
it just looks like a ball I'm all shit
this better be good
give any piece of line to bite him it
was awesome love when you run it don't
judge me
what is this okay so maybe this part is
possibly play the best music in the
world oh you're gonna do some skills oh
I thought you're about to drive on the
pavement dude as game well excited damn
it we have found the location of the
Ninja Turtles and that is just so
tourists giving me to enjoy the smoke
another ground hey all that pollution oh
I am such a tourist there's the new bike
is it the New Year ball oh yes it's 2015
underneath it oh my god is awesome oh
yeah I see ice here literally touristing
my tits off right now and I am hey ok
with it and this guy is dressed as a
marijuana pond because when it is New
York because because when in America why
the fuck not
I guess this is it ties our store and
they fucking Aris wheel inside it why
did we come when he was closed because
we were doing
fuck I came to New York City to go
looking at cool shit
probably to the fucking Disney Store
where there's frozen dolls and shit kill
me now
I'm never trusting a ginger again in my
life so now you're not that I'm not
filming you so now we're going upstairs
apparently we're the adult sizes and I'm
just hoping this right now
I like check my pockets and I don't have
my wallet I'm hoping for the love of God
the love of God I fucking left in my
hotel room otherwise I left it in a taxi
I might try it entire trip sports and
you're paying for everything
fucking gingers they're just bad luck
chance I basically found out one way or
another that Lex is like the most evil
person in the world she's picking up
like kids toys and going like wouldn't
that look like something you'd nibble no
it's not something you'd nibble I mean
my friends that zone ah when did these
TVs turn off imagine playing xbox
imagine playing Mario Casas oh my god
holy fucking shit
Oh Nintendo please sponsor this idea
holy shit you look so gay for the record
that is what the elevator is see the
elevator and look how high up it goes oh
my god imagine if you went on that you
died you've got no soul I actually love
the fact that deck Declan hey wait I
knew that priest guy on that Minecraft
show about Minecraft yeah look him get
his hair sorry
he's the ginger Jesus literally is the
ginger Jesus oh I've bumped into it and
rather than going out drinking because
this guy has moved to New York at the
age of 18 Wow not yet 18 not 20 fuckin
one where you have to be old enough to
drink instead of that we're gonna go and
try and find a Starbucks and get a legit
I'm going to get your Apple effort no
I'm not doing that I'm gonna get hot
chocolate in case of where daddy's gonna
get a pumpkin so puss you wanna fuck
first one I pressed - pumpkin spice
latte I'm getting it because it's part
it's the drink of your people all right
it's been like three hours since the
last vlog we've drunk so much coffee
why throw like I'm joking this is just
what fucking idiots can't be asked
moving and point in the bit where's the
nearest man that like the bin is only
over there I think this woman's trying
to take a photo of us yeah I think she's
trying to take photos oh she is she's
trying to take a photo of us sat there
drinking our drinks like dead relaxed
and casually yeah I just tell lies see I
wasn't lying
she's taking photos of the murderer the
most majestic team here
oh yeah pose deck she said pose the best
ginger person I know
yo Karlie Kloss is fuckin everywhere in
New York she's all over the screen she's
so fucking famous but either way she's
me and deck just hood we just heard what
you see right
we just heard loud screaming so
obviously as the tourists that we are
we're going investigating let's go find
out something I'm not gonna lie I think
someone's got jump rope
but I'm just saying it stinks of weed
yes he's got a speaker in his wheelchair
this guy is the hole man that mask you
they says New York license plate what a
fucking gangster this guy's amazing deck
there's actually a secret reason why I
brought you here today okay you know
about Jesus was Michelle's our deck will
you do me the honor of being my only
ginger for life oh she said yes the
Church of Scientology what the fuck
let's go learn science Tom Cruise are
you in there hi guys I talk about how to
be scared of living in your apartment
look how many people are staring out
their windows right now cuz there's
three fire trucks outside the fucking
building that's scary hope everything's
okay goodbye dad high five I'm going I'm
leaving him they gonna be safe catching
the train on your own
I'm gonna bang your mom hey well if this
thing doesn't fucking crash valses
walling gets dick off it was really good
to see Derek honestly it really was it's
like nearly 2 o'clock - well I'm just
gonna like go to my room and pass out
for the night but really good fucking
seeing legs again Ramones are fucking
the best troll ever her mom doesn't like
be on camera that's why I'm not vlogging
it but I wish she would let me because
she's such a fucking troll I see I'm
light was a bitch go fuck yourself in my
blog well that's really rude but like
she speaks to me like that so I speak to
her like that it's just like a really
fun attitude and Lex is a legend the
party tonight was awesome the fact that
everything like a line for me to be able
to like make it was incredible and to
see deck as well was great I won't get
spend too much time within this trip but
my next time out in like a week or 10
days I'll scene we'll hang out it's
gonna be epic but I'm gonna wrap things
up for the day guys if you want to smash
a light green let's see if I give it
like thirty three thousand three hundred
and thirty three thousand likes
yeah thousand thousand thousand like
ratings for the the chaos that has been
this vlog for the past two days drop
that like rating and I will see you guys
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for new videos make
sure you subscribe to my face to see
more of it and I am going to bed and
passing out Oh New York New York I am
inside you
