that time where we started a bed you
were pleasurable at what you were
pleasurable and comfortable London you
are typically raining and miserable
that's great wait is it snowing what in
a hotel room
I always happen to make it completely
messy sorry cleaners so Bradley a little
thing I always try and keep my hotel
card keys back I let them it's weird
I've got like a massive stack like that
fat I've traveled over five years it's
pretty neat
holy fucking shit this place things have
read more than l ages and it's legal in
LA
just by walking along to school I don't
get mugged I'll be pleasantly fucking
surprised garnet Street safe oh my god
look what they did it's a layout of the
assassins impressive all right so we're
here and I'm joined with Paul from grace
she's Australian this is the best thing
okay I don't even care that I'm here
playing Assassin's Creed or anything
like that I've walked in she was like
I'm from Australia she smuggled in a
koala
oh no I'm gonna eat if she bought my
shroud timtom never all right I'm gonna
I'm gonna film myself in a second eating
the Tim Tam everyone if you haven't
checked every I'll go check it out I've
just met for the first time I will check
it out black swag all right seven play
discussin screen for like an hour now
and I'm starving so I'm decided screw it
I mean one of these Tim Tam so I'm going
to try it for the first time ever early
it's like a bob on chocolate biscuit
covered in sugar love this game fun from
inside but it's really good I've always
wanted to go up that shot it just seems
super random it's just a piece of glass
though yeah it pretty much is just a big
piece of glass I don't see what the big
deal is about Oh would you look at that
it's a Tower of London ah look at all
these tourists filming it oh wait what
am i doing right now
fuck look at these dumb tourists
touristing their tits off just look at
them taking photos of things okay right
Jimmy Choo a waiver to even fuck off
I think this buy trip I should we do now
would you just look at that counter
because look at the view it's just
insane got Tower of London I never got
London Bridge and then we got this
person with a nice hat
yeah wear it where in London would you
just find a file ship just chillin just
look at it man let's look at just look
at your cameras can we not very good
damn how bad we're gonna looking for a
pirate ship now Jesus fuck
I'm so sir I'm turn about cider one gin
ginger like my favorite place to go in
all London I catch a surprise so I could
take her and it's sorry
well fuck it off the shot are you ready
oh my god I'm not gonna lie this is a
pretty sweet view my dressing oh that's
the Tower Bridge oh my god it happens
opened and I just like to find out you
can totally hear pigeons coming out of
these it's totally a woman it's a pigeon
pigeon
I with a pigeon with this cooking oil I
have never been more excited to take a
shit on camera just like why the hell
not I can hear you say hello would you
just look at that view walls ah I didn't
know that there was a blind button to
bring them down so this entire time I
was taking a shit whilst people could
have been staring at me binoculars oh
great but I told you guys that I didn't
have a toothbrush well I like bought one
can brush my teeth at the top and a
shark
well I don't know this is what I have to
deal with what oh yeah now you stop
doing it
now she stops messing about dawn you
going
seeing eye-to-eye I see what I did there
we're gonna try and do the eye we're
making the most out of this day the
sun's still not going down and what we
were trying to do is get on the I go
around whilst it's nighttime Gail it was
it's daytime and hopefully get down by
the time the Sun set tofu if we can do
that we fucking check here we observe a
wild nerd in her natural environment
playing with her hair checking on her
phone and good night I look like such a
hobo but this is made sound before
wait you're going to get the tickets
just so I can try and get yesterday's
vlog up on time I'm already in our labor
and try them on this she's gonna try to
take selfies last 15 minutes and come
I'm calling her out try again that's how
I do self is a jerk face
yes we're going again I'm a little did I
but look at this this this is this is
the sexual good dumped arrested right
now
oh no fucking damn me we're inside like
20 minutes and it's gone nighttime
already beautiful it feels like only
three days ago sorry there's no kid in
it don't worry cuz like only three days
ago all four days ago that was down here
with my dad's boss he was stood there I
was he in the ice cream oh my god
tourists I can't get rid of her I needed
to do that for my thumbnail what are you
gonna do well that was kind of like
hella awkward I i sat down and being a
social guy static targets people sit sat
next to me and the woman was like not
interested in talking to us she was so
pissed off as I okay where he was
talking to me about the food and then
they had an argument really bad argument
in a different language she left she
fucking walked out on him I was like oh
my god so I just said to her like a chef
it's a man
anyways I yeah that's a second I thought
so fuck it all good but oh heavens so I
decided to get the entire kitchen things
Bobby's bombing the cook is there
possible Oh
just look at it come on it's lit this is
so good dagger member cweickum oh sorry
shout out to the shout out to OTS
Tuesday night's howtobasic yes how's
your basic
hell yes we might actually go and eat
burn back in time with ten minutes to
spare to get on the I fuck yeah oh great
now they're gonna check out bags yes
I've got so much stuff in my bag rip we
made it in only just its opens I'm gonna
fall through the gaps come on
I try and get a camera Hey as much as I
like living like an exciting you
traveling live instead of doing the
sauce that's really nice just because
like just peaceful you just take a
minute to think about things and then a
while Australian appears and nonetheless
okay
that's Big Ben fruity yes would you just
look at it it's pretty damn cool this
entire time we've been on this I never
know how this kid look like he was
shooting himself well we're trying to be
both my racing bike
no she beat me in the first race totally
not okay with that so I'm gonna try and
ring you back I'm gonna end it my life
and I'm gonna bring you back just watch
just you watch why you so sad why you
cry every time every time yes
best out of three she warned I quit not
bonus gift for my bikes for bikes clinch
it's not working
but we did it 1 v1 she double if not
triple my score and now she's playing
again
fucking girl gamers oh my god
alright we move on to bowling you see
you gonna beat me bowling
really now this happy bullshit first one
strike
yeah I got 50 - she got 69 I am never
ever played video games gates - ever not
some just sat here with Australian and
American Hilary Jones this you guys know
from free MIDI she's out here for me
being at Dreamhack tomorrow so well this
is the first time ever being it so
hopefully we can go up some drinks but
the problem is I have this stupid-ass
bag with all my gear in it and I've not
dropped off at my hotel yet so I'm gonna
try and work out what I can do with it
if I can maybe get in somewhere and just
sneak it in with me then fine but out
now those sour things go fingers crossed
all right so Hillary's come all the way
from LA and I was like no and all the
way from Australia and I was like what
are we gonna do tonight but have no
plans I don't know where to go excuse me
and I read all the texts my mates in
London like what you guys doing and it
says that it's one of their birthdays
and everyone's together so they've
invited me along we're all gonna go join
them it's gonna be epic
woman Australians you guys okay
I totally just dropped I don't even know
for my phones okay we'll check that last
video but run away now texting to that
spot you need white pin now what can
your face face ball dirty but we're
going there it's to be awesome I guess I
meet up with everyone that I haven't
seen for ages sounded excited I'm like
get out right now bought I do have a
backpack on my back which as much as I
love the Razorback pack it doesn't get
you in 20 clubs so Madeleine come to
London with Becky sexually so slow right
now
way too long wait so right now we're
gonna try and get into a quote but I've
got this fucking bag on my back fingers
crossed we can get here
oh yeah cuz we were gonna go into this
one bar called gay and he decided to
pick it for him and we were gonna go
into it but no no no they said do you
have your gay cards literally said to us
do you have your gay cards Benny do you
have your gay card no marriage of your
gay card
none of us helped you know as a kid was
like oh you drop your gay card today is
that one day that we just like stray off
just went to the toilet let's get it oh
fuck everything I just met there Tyler
mean Benny went to toilet and this guy
came up to me and just fucking like this
is me
I just went no anyway please
so this is gonna be probably the last
time to see Australia
I cry every time although I am gonna go
to Australia like because because
everyone goes to Adelaide not Sydney
anyway we're gonna go to a delay and
hopefully
would you like
our face yeah
oh there you go
to be perfect to be fucking awesome
I can't wait to get rid of her I fucking
hate Australians
so we finally got out the club why
because it took about five fucking hours
heaven thank you very much to get our
bags damn it man I handed I handed three
tickets to a friend to get my coat
Hillary's coat and my bag we got
Hillary's coat my coat yet we missed the
we could see my bag I even handed on my
ticket for it I showed a proof of
picture evidence on my bag and she was
like what's in it I fucking own der that
the Australian girl give me Tim Tams
that don't even exist in the UK and this
is the UK team that fucking owned it
tonight so we're going to make dance of
food by I have got like four percent
battery left but I want to waste it no
I'm betting this guy's air is on fucking
coin Dora
it's four o'clock in the morning Mary
Mary Mary quite contrary I don't want to
know how your garden grows well I just
got out my taxicab that cost me 70
pounds holy mother of fucking of shits
this is not me the next day hungover is
anything I got in my room
passed out my phone battery died and I
just like cleans right out it was
ridiculous well I was extremely
extremely drunk I actually ended up
going to bed at 7:30 I woke up at 11 and
I went to turn back so you guys will see
the blog that bought this is the end of
the vlog hope you enjoyed it we should
have a light great must know you enjoy
it and I genuinely love daily vlogging
I'm so sorry for them being late but I
love it and your guys supplier has been
amazing so thank you for bearing with me
hope you enjoyed the vlog basically
subscribe to see more of my face
and until then thanks for watching and
good bye
