good morning world welcome to a bit of a
predicament I've got so yesterday's vlog
I use my washing machine for the first
time ever I totally didn't remember to
put the dryer on this morning so I have
no clean underwear to wear like No
aiya clean underwear but it's all wet so
I got a pair of boxers I got a hair
dryer I'm gonna use a goddamn hair dryer
hello to dry my boxers off then we're
gonna get my hair cut in about 20
minutes so what a creative way to start
the day I think this is House fireside
book I'm gonna go get some cereal whilst
that drives it off I mean hopefully it's
not I like to think I'm smart doing
things but I would god damn genius
perfectly dry oh yeah no spiky hair
today no we're gonna get in a haircut
there's no point putting spike you
stopping it if I'm gonna go and chop the
spike you stuff off cereal yeah I do
need to actually basketballs I'm eating
out of paper balls still all my clothes
was so wet through so I had I had some
spare clothes but I had no boxer shorts
so for the last 20 minutes I've been sat
with a hair dryer drying my boxer shorts
and luckily would I give you that I gave
that it worked so it sat in some really
toasty cozy
yep nice and toasty this is it caught a
Turkish shape face shape and just got a
face shave it out with a sharpest blade
in the world hopefully he doesn't it bgp
cuts off the mustache other beard
I'm gonna cry man I feel so clean cut
and shaved it feels amazing really good
right now
happy with my haircut happy with my
shave feel the contact sheet was so good
they look like some stuff on it that
made it like ice-cold and they put wet
water in it and it just felt incredible
so yeah really really good recommend
Florida barbershop all samples only
place that I go you know like really
really love it too
Matt go in sign up for karate lessons I
don't know okay now I'm getting all my
gear for Russia so this is gonna be a
long visit what do you know about shoe
shopping bitch it's like 80 degrees in
California I'm trying on fucking felices
I'm doing pretty good done good what
doing a pretty goddamn good job with
everything that I need for this trip and
that looks like the exact Jack I'm gonna
get I'm trying to look as badass as fuck
because I'm gonna be on camera all day
vlogging so yeah Oh unless I get a white
one I know that's the feminine that's a
one person woman's coat we're gonna go
things about this one
traitor oh my god this jacket is so
fucking beast it's got like built-in ha
and MIT and it's so fucking comfy oh my
god I'm gonna be toasted my tits up in
Siberia tell me I wouldn't have all the
swag in Siberia rocking this bitch
oh yeah even better I am without a doubt
gonna be the most fashionable person in
Siberia I will not die in Siberia
medical patches I feel like I played
Daisy I was gonna go get a steak a boa
but it's no open it so I decided to go
round the corner get a beer
not a burger at stout so
I'm now sweltering with heat I thought I
was waiting a while to my food and turns
out yes I was he forgot to put it in the
machine so oh well as he didn't put in
the order he gave me two free drinks and
some sweet potato fries I ain't
complaining I was chilling out so it's a
win for me tell me that does not look
absolutely sick oh it was so good I
finished it in like two minutes
I've been kidding it was so fucking good
the weather is the best thing about this
that's why I live it but look at that
traffic on the other side of the road
it's just it's like that nearly all day
every day sucks
well that was an unfortunate place to
crash a plane whoa it's beautiful oh my
god would you just look at it well
pretty successful day haircut bedroom
neck shape it's weird innit neck shaved
it she's the thing the office I was like
I'll take it it's like a turkey shave
and all stuff for Russia obtained
hopefully it fits in my suitcase I don't
think it will so I'm probably earth
behind y'all but if that's the case then
we can take a day out tomorrow going get
a suitcase probably go down to three B D
and go Halloween shopping because I'm
going to New York I'm going to a
Halloween pie and I have no idea what to
go I would kind of want to get
stormtrooper put a stormtrooper kind of
like yeah anyone can be a stormtrooper
but then again the people who are gonna
be at the actual part they are like
professionals so I'm gonna look
completely shit compared to them so yeah
whatever stormtrooper it might be okay
dryer
please be dry yes
yeah no no oh no okay that's lost
forever now fuck oh yeah I put the
temperature too high and I'm shrink or
Michaels
look how tight everything is look that's
my box of shit oh fuck
I'm shrunk all my clothes washing done
emptied hung got put away
holy shit I'm gonna like a how
productive today today I'm doing
everything
what is wrong with me doesn't made a
youtube video today though I've just
kind of putting it off for some reason I
wanna play college it custom zombies
bought I wrote a rich map to play I
don't want my voice sounds so croaking
alright screw it I'm sure now what you
got them on Netflix cuz why the hell not
this is gonna be disgusting that's why
I'm showing you it this is still a drink
from yesterday
no empty out already gonna be nasty and
yeah look it'll everybody who doesn't
know how to use the intercom the old
ring ruff the phone like hey yeah I'm
also the building account gain I'm like
yeah if you use the Machine I'll press
the bottom push you up like look I don't
know how to use them and I'm just like
mmm it right here this is why I love LA
tell me that that does not look
absolutely delicious oh it's how like
towards what I in my clip I always look
there that's because I look for the
button to end the video is so I'm always
like thanks for watching but that told
you if didn't used to notice now your
will poor it's like I said it's now
midnight I've got just some dinner with
a it was a salad but I got Caesar salad
without the Caesar sauce and got ranch
sauce so I get a salmon dinner that's
working delivered to my door and now I
can just like chill and get my videos
edited and she'll like that so yeah
everyone said to me like Tom why don't
you cook I'm the ability to do cooker
got everything that would possibly need
to do it I don't have any ingredients in
that's a problem but for me it's just if
I can order a dinner like this this that
together probably cost about $20 so 16
pounds toward or summoned dinner to my
door if I was go out to a restaurant
then I probably paid that much money
anyway
so it's good on whatever I got a hot
chocolate with it as well so it's
probably a very reasonably priced and if
I was to go out and buy this stuff most
the time I wouldn't cook it and it would
just go off in my fridge and show that
so for me it's just easier just to order
the food to my front door when they
actually bring it to my front door and
yeah now I can set edited he at the same
time sweet ass time eating
delicious salad yeah and I'm trying to
be healthy I could do a big shout out
someone who just had a birthday or it
was her birthday or it is their birthday
or I don't I don't even know what your
name is Jensen sterling talking to you
right now
copy had an amazing birthday I want to
say shout out to my brother let me know
it was your birthday so I thought I'd do
a little message for you say hello
so hello Joe a little birdie told me
that you can plug a webcam into the
Nvidia shield so I'm trying to get it
set up now so when I go to New York I
can take this with me and stream on the
girl with my Nvidia shield so we're
gonna try and work this out
it seems really easy to do in the forums
of Nvidia over it extremely simple to
read looks literally like that plug it
in c920 webcam it will work and luckily
vice we have a scene where you went
there
this is absolutely epic so just got it
plugged in and look how easy you can be
of everything around slight right I'm
gonna play there that will work and it
like work so you do this you go like I
just lay out and then you can move right
you can move your chat around any way
that you want so let's say I put a shelf
at the top so I can see loads of it and
then if I want to change my webcam again
put that in there see how could it a
slight dip a little top right so I got
my chat where webcam their netbook yeah
we'll say it's up around corner and then
we just leave it like that and then the
back out there I am dude this is so
simple it's awesome I've gotten so much
done off my tick list today that I'm
very happy with myself but what I'm not
happy about is that I have to wake up
tomorrow at 11 and I've got to
livestream and it's now four o'clock in
the morning again I don't know why I
have this habit of staying up so away if
I just wake up hill and get my shit done
and go to bed at a reasonable hour I'd
probably get so much more done but
either way got all the stuff first
shopping for Russia but this is not real
fur it's fake fur which supports being
against real fur so yay and yeah I think
tomorrow after this video is up I'm
going to New York which should be pretty
damn sweet yeah I'm going to like a
Halloween ball so I need to try and
organize an outfit and I've got a plan
of action which should be a cool
adventure to try and organize but if it
doesn't work work out or follow through
it happen then I won't have anything to
wear for this ball and I won't be
allowed in so I really need it to happen
and it's an epic fun it's kind of costly
but it's awesome so fingers crossed wish
me luck and yeah thanks for watching
today's vlog it's been a bit of us
walking around doing random shit like
usual Oh probably actually a bit more
random usual shit than usual but yeah
guys thank you very much for watching
hope you did enjoy if you didn't leave a
like crane lets me know you like my face
and subscribe to see more of it so till
tomorrow good bye
