tell me
I've been expecting you boy hahahahaha
there's a sneaky little shit now I'm
just gonna push you off that way you
thought I did it you thought it hey you
just looking at that view would you just
look at that view granddad granddad look
at it just look look at that view
looking yeah ah majestic you do kind of
look like the old man from up I'm going
to tell you that for free but no I've
got someone to look at what are those
wait go back where why don't one of
these what are what are those would you
just look at that view isn't a job what
can will you do it in my hot tub oh my
god Kenz in my hot tub women is that
beer for me alright screw it I guess my
dad I guess my dad's I guess my dad's
picked a beer me to go have a drink with
him so well time to go and get the hot
tub with a half-naked you camp not gonna
lie I really like my choice of swim
shots I ever have Blu tiny crotch rocket
shots or Superman open it ho shots so
I'm picking Superman shots
I know just why not
could've taken selfies damn it oh yeah
yeah so I'm not even getting in the
fucking hot tub now no no no oh no I'm
doing beer rules because that's well
good son does right oh my God look at
one's toes yeah look at me look this
send help my dad used me as his be mule
this is some sort of child labour
somewhere I'm sure of it
my dad is such an irresponsible father
like it makes me get in a hot dog
look at that view and drink a beer with
him I mean here Cheers God so
irresponsible of me how could he do such
a thing what a bad father worse father
of the Year award out we don't get an
organizer like your bad guy bad guy my
advice is when you get no others take
advantage of it
like it's just too nice it's just too
nice not to film oh oh
but make us all listen to the music I
came outside and it was just playing
random without the speakers ah it is
definitely a lovely day
all right five calves you've got some
hype to live up to now that's all I'm
saying
all I am saying no pressure no pressure
everything about it looks so man I'm so
ready for this I so awesome they
surveyed even this Coke machine is spray
straight out of America I'm going final
still I don't care
- OH understood Pakistan I'm like what
oh this is too good this is too good I
know press the blood oh shit oh yes many
reviews so far staff are amazing inside
looks pretty dope right that's what it
looks like pretty epic on the drinks
machine tear tear it's got 120 Plus
drinks inside it but I read spa Bono's
great would you just look at them guys
just looking at that view
gotta bitch oh my god I just out of five
guys fry and holy shit I remember the
vlog where I was like my donald's is the
best oh my god guys guys guys guys guys
look at these
oh so good a mic right don't want to get
out my car I just want to sit in look at
the view and enjoy I could totally do
this in my house but I want to do in my
car because I'm listening to ready
player one on my lap my car speakers but
I'm gonna try and eat the burger in the
car this is probably the worst idea ever
but can we just this oh my god holy Shh
it oh that looks good
ketchup two burgers bacon mushrooms
cheese oh my days I'm going to die I'm
gonna take a buyout of it and do a
review like you're gonna see my first
impressions of the five guys ever you're
gonna have to you have to look though I
can't really move the steering with
waking them if I lower it it'll be in my
face right okay so this is giving my
first bite out of a five guys burger
ever and it's got mushrooms like I said
mushrooms cheese lettuce no onions are
tomatoes didn't want that and bacon so
you ready
the hype is so real it's so good oh my
gosh just look at it oh okay I just woke
up from being passed out in my car I was
listening to ready play one I just like
put my chair back in my car
relax I fell asleep for an hour and I
finally got finally getting something to
stream for a bit over the placement
zombies are some like that but I want to
show you guys a sneak peek of my until
dawn let's play cuz this is just an
example of how awesome their let's play
is like I really really hope people
watch it cuz really good ready I'm this
is my little preview window so watch
this hey pass the ball oh shit myself
vogue I've tried to vlog this once the
lyrics it was wrong then this just
popped up and like the right time for me
to does like tell you what's going on
and I missed it installing and failing
and getting my reaction but oh God
the series of events which have gone
down I've been lodged into 9,000 people
me taking apart my PC rebuilding it with
tools and all this shit and it doesn't
work all I'm trying to do is string
ecology zombies that's all I want to do
it stream ecology zombies and it's
friggin impossible I'm so stressed out
right now like not my graphic card like
PCI devices work for me to be able to
stream playing cards on these on console
because it's currently down on PC so I'm
stressing my little British tits off the
fuck tape you are reading that time
correctly it is indeed 4:15 in the
morning and I am absolutely starving so
I was gonna go to my dogs I'm not doing
front-facing camera so I was gonna go to
Tesco and go and get some some bread and
like you know just have some like crisps
booties on just some toast or something
like that that's that's what I was gonna
do but now it also Mike Donald's right
next to it so I'm kind of tempted to
just go to my dogs and go and get just
and when I say just just chicken
I don't know eat a burger it's not good
for me like
it's really not good for your body at
all so I might just go and get some
chicken strips which are probably still
not really good people at least it's
chicken and not some scroungy burger
even though I have five guests there as
well so yeah we're going to my tart it's
a sign McDonald's drive-through is
closed off it's a sign that I should
have eaten unhealthy food yes I'm so
happy I was like a toward indecision
whether I was gonna do at 4:00 o'clock
in the morning for 24 even screw it
we're going Tesco I'm going in some
gonna get a healthy snack we're gonna
get a fucking salad watch your space
why am I even awake what am I even gonna
eat okay look over my shoulder goodie
that's a person fast asleep that's the
security guy fast how is that way
that's so funny it's been a long day we
were getting good Tesco probably not the
healthiest of options but I decided to
get a meal instead put your cheese some
pancakes and I'm getting some water to
feel hydrated this is such a good idea
Caprio songs for the wind if you here at
this time of night I don't think there's
any way they can have a turn around and
say they haven't got in stock cuz
they're literally stocking all the free
cheese
comments right now we'll get some
frigerators kinda yeah craving craving
some free traders gonna go get some
chicken frigerators I suppose the only
downside of coming at night is that no
one's on the tills so after self scan
everything on my own
god fucking help me I came for a fucking
salad but I'm leaving with the shop
I think the 4 a.m. Tesco room was the
best together I got a cat for your son
and I got some frigerators oh my god yes
is that what I needed at 4:41 in the
morning I got I decide what I'm gonna go
to bed tonight well if I should pull an
all-nighter what if I don't what if I
just wake up at 6 o'clock tomorrow don't
care right 5 a.m. and I've just cooked
myself
up um a microwaveable so not too sure ah
that was really hot that's how hot it
was it's beeping where we were before I
let out an almighty screen by the way
that was a genuine reaction as squeeze
the pot and all the hot air came out the
packet but burnt my hand cell I have now
got where is my little relief road I'm
going to show you what it looks I this
is what it's supposed to look like and
this is what it looks like let's go this
pretty close if I put the prongs on top
bolt it's a chicken chorizo and didn't
brawn pie ever and I'm eating this
uh-uh-uh
ten minutes plus five in the morning
because this is my breakfast so what I'm
going to do is because I'm gonna go eat
this and get in bed and fall asleep I'm
gonna wrap up today's vlog because today
is long so thank you very much for
watching guys hope you've had a
fantastic day I'm going to eat paella
play Mario Kart in bed and then probably
watch some Netflix and decide whether or
not I'm gonna stay up for 24 hours and
you guys are gonna be the best damn
people you've ever be in your life you
don't wake up tomorrow you're black fuck
yeah you're gonna watch your slug like
fuck you know my fuck yeah fuck yeah
alright quote me wake up fuck yeah
something fuck yeah it's like Team
America fuck
but anyway whoo guys have fun test again
I'm looking tired as anything like a
kitty cat
basically like greats let me know you
enjoying the vlog it's a simple little
clicking lets me know you're actually
enjoying it so let's see if we can reach
25,000 like reigns as flog if you're
watching it do it right now and
subscribe to see more on my face every
single day and we've decided that vlogs
will be uploaded every single day at 6
p.m. UK time it's not change in 6 p.m.
is the final design attempted that vote
today and 5,000 of you voted and we
agreed 6 o'clock it's good time in the
UK so much luck to your faces and good
bye bye bye bye paella fYI this tastes
like shit
