the only reason I'm vlogging right now
is the fact that I tell you I have no
idea how I got home last night ladies
and gentleman so happily hung over lay
in bed waiting for my food to get
delivered but the delivery guy doesn't
know how to use an intercom to be able
to bring the food up to my door so I had
to get out of bed great like some like
eighty year old dude trying to learn my
food he was quite adorable they looked
like a guy from up nonetheless hangover
food are quiet yes I'm doing this Nvidia
shield stream today guys I'm so hungover
this is me trying to set it up like the
shield is beautiful by the way this is
one of the sleekest designs of a console
ever bought
I'm just so hungover like look at me
luckily I'm not doing a face come stream
today but okay I got done with the
Nvidia livestream this is the set that I
was using guys oh I look like a squatter
in somebody else's heavens a ridiculous
but Sibonga over done with a live stream
that's good this AC keeps dripping so
I'm definitely on speed solana lady but
I'm thinking of going getting it in and
I'm gonna show up fresh myself up and
I'm gonna stream again tomorrow so when
you're watching this vlog right now on
YouTube I'm gonna be vlogging live like
there's a very moment you're watching
this because I was really gonna go with
today so I'm just gonna like restream
but look down time and look at this
forgot to sure it Peter chicky might
have found I just somehow randomly
brought into my bathroom last night
drunk I still don't know how I managed
to get that drunk seriously you know
when I'm having a lazy day when I don't
spike my hair but Peter has been ordered
I can not wait I'm going to cry when
it's done little man bake me a pizza yes
boys what do you yeah we get we got some
chicken but we go we got we got some
chicken bites very nice minutes
oh my god I believe you chocolate cake
oh my god two chocolate cakes okay
wasn't it quick enough and then oh the
piece de resistance oh my god it's so
good
well it's pretty much the end of the day
now and what the freaking hell I thought
someone's breaking in my front door may
see just I make it away of nice holy
crap
well good news I'm not as hungover
anymore which is good it has been like a
full day now or 24 hours since I stopped
drinking yesterday but I'm feeling that
bit recovered now I had a Domino's Pizza
and that really really really down
helped but anyway I just gotta let you
guys know if the moment you're watching
this video right now these syndicates
tell for these have gone live piece of
fabric I've gone live on the website
right now so it'll be a link down below
all you got to do is go to syndicate
regional comm brand new stealth bar boy
so if you want to get one you can go and
get one so yeah okay Soph now be all
sexy for you that was really sexy wasn't
it I can tell you guys really impressed
by that I know okay so I've got
something that just absolutely fucking
sucks that I've got to tell you guys
about and it's really really bad but I
want you and me as a community to be
able to do something amazing so long
story short there's an eight-year-old
guy called Tommy I was scrolling through
news plate-like news sites and stuff
I've just seen what's going on in the
world and basically there's a story
about how this 8 year old man was in his
home doing absolutely no harm two
thieves broke it wouldn't broke into his
house beat him to the point where he was
nearly dead like literally left him for
dead luckily like you know people found
him and he's that like Oh broken ribs
broken jaw he looks absolutely
horrifying like how how much they beat
him up it's just so disgusting and two
fuckers broke into the house and stole
his life savings 30,000 pounds they'd
saved up his entire life working for a
being in the army do you know just his
wife's all that energy in time you know
putting into getting that bit of money
for for him to be able to have whatever
he wants to do with and - fuckers start
they break in and fucking take his year
and they took it so I was gonna set up a
fundraising page for Tommy to be able to
raise 30,000 pounds to give him his
money back - because this guy doesn't
deserve that to live that long and then
get to that point in his life for
someone just to be able to come in and
do that he's fuckin downright rude and
just it should never ever happen there
should be no such thing as a thief I
hate I hate thieves this is one thing
that like pisses me off the most
it's
it's fucking thieves I cannot fucking
stand it so what I'm going to ask you
guys to do is if you can please like not
just for me for Fatah me for its family
for everything to just find it in your
heart to ask your parents ask you like
you the bill payer whoever to donate
towards the cars I'll put a link down in
the description I want I want us
together to help raise the thirty
thousand for Tommy like a noose I set
one up already I was gonna sell it but
someone's already done one and they're
at like seven thousand nine hundred so
it's not the entire amount that would
stun these raisins like you know an
extra 12 20 22 grand but I'll link it
down below I just want you guys to be
able to go check it out and show us some
love because it is really really
terrible so if you guys can help out
please do pound five pounds 100 pounds
10 pounds but everything helps guys so
please if you can do it I appreciate a
lot and would love to thank you
personally myself but yeah there's that
on that story so we were going down
below thing should be an awesome and
yeah on the white know I was about to go
to bed really upset that was quite
hungry and didn't want to be a piece of
pizza but then I realized that them to
chocolate cake so I'm going get in bed
all happy now but also pissed off
because of that man bastard thieves I
know guys I'm going to bed thank you
very much for watching today's vlog I'm
so sorry it was terrible it was
absolutely the worst up Wow in like a
month but this is what happens when
Tommy's hungover I literally cannot
function at all also timeless this video
I'm going to be doing another live
stream from the Nvidia shield and for
those who don't understand like what the
Nvidia shield is real quick let me just
explain to you basically it's that it's
like like a little set-top console like
box that you can take anyway put it into
a screen put it into the you know the
Internet and it basically streams the
game so you don't have to download them
it streams the games from the cloud and
you can stream from it at the same time
it's really fucking good like real PC
games so it's really really damn good if
you watch the stream today you know what
I'm not about for those who don't that's
kind of a brief summary of it well yeah
and we streaming again from it tomorrow
so tuning for that and yeah everything
so thank you very much watching guys I
love your faces stay awesome and yes
let's see if we can raise $30,000 pounds
for
Tommy all right let's do it you can do
it we can do it teams in the cut let's
go
