well I guess this is probably the one
downside to me having a glass fucking
full stop what are you doing well we're
definitely looking very smart today Oh
foolish friend Chris pendant
I told ya he has a ginger afro everyone
thought I was lying he has enough
friends with a ginger oh this MLG
gambling was this this this hi Rallo
and right now we're doing some drinking
games basically the way it goes just
against this one if you serve it's over
and it's a king but if it's a base card
or ten you have to drink what you gonna
make away from that and a random path to
that and you can't pick your screen
right in a preset it's win-win comes
funny where's your pen hey guys so it's
only half past four at my house already
looks like AIDS there's alcohol
everywhere every left turn and right
turn is alcohol alcohol
I thought alcohol so we're gonna get
into the taxi now we're going down to
Manchester so if you're in Manchester
tonight I will see you're gonna fabulous
face and why is there a ladies t-shirt
here what the fuck is this wait or is
that like guys boxes oh god fucking damn
it I took its sweet time just spent
about 20 minutes whilst everyone's
waiting in the cab to find my fucking
wallet uh uh I'm sorry wait did you just
say you hope it's not gonna break down
do you think he's gonna break up
Oh oh great great hopefully hopefully
the the taxis not good right now
oh yeah let's get taxi into Manchester
honking we're fucking walking by the way
this is the three trio of Tom's Nanna
tom cassell tom the garb and thomas
robbins say i do have quite a lot of
ginger friends when i add it up there's
a ginger guy overweight guy heavily
overweight guys please set itself holy
fucking shit now is what you call a busy
bar fuckin L go charging like what 15
foot agree
15 quid Queen quick quick a drink could
you drink some well I'm gonna give it to
him we gave the task of Wesley the
ginger beast to pick us somewhere to eat
and you're not gonna bad job it looks
good it feels good but if the food is
shit I'm gonna shit on him tonight this
might be the weirdest birthday I've ever
had
summon spikes Ipoh stretchings sushi
where the fuck that is
Wow Oh apparently that's that's a
chicken hat I'm about to try I'm not
gonna lie I'm so
there's so much food the way it works is
they bring you food and bring your food
and ring your food and put it if it's
green you bring the food if it's red you
don't bring the food so this is what and
we've been in for about ten minutes
we've got so much food and all of us
were all of spangles everything one of
us is donating so I massively turnouts I
recommend this place is really good food
so far I'm just gonna enjoy my nice
glass of wine pass out
overall I gave this place a Howard said
it's really good it's really good so
good favor the bill we're gonna have
some drinks and this little messy kipper
it's gonna get fucked mate would you're
out of the food it's already it's not
even nighttime well you do you sell it's
not even nighttime so we're gonna have
some drinks yeah oh this is my farmer
friend here yawns a tractor word tell
you are for hard on the truck tour we've
all been privy we tried to get into a
bar and they were like no there's too
many guys what's wrong with being gay
and proud right what if there's ten gay
guys crying right now it's getting so
cook would you still say no to us
listen bitches we're getting tonight
okay we're gonna spider-man some hoes I
mean yeah got a civilized night will
bring we love an h2o oh yes
so we found a place finally someone has
in from the liquor store a Manchester
he's British although gonna sit over it
drink water beverage and uh oh shit
sorry drop the phone and relax gentlemen
I could gentleman dirts and then five
common
there he is go on some shit even
finishing whoa whoa whoa whoa Wesley one
be more secure the swampers what did you
buy this as we were all babes
so Hollifield wears just got way too
many fucking what was that what was that
we just died wets just got way too many
tequila slammers sums all right funny
but like I was genuinely ready to throw
about the drink is that guys I like
tricking man like you don't like taking
shots never bit of fun and I do not
advise it
suicide show suicide show suicide jump
Oh
for the red card the way you're supposed
to do is we let your hand you put salt
on it
new shot go you let the salt do the shot
and then you eat the lime the suicide is
you take the shot and then you put the
lime in your eye
I listen like I said don't do alcohol
it's not good people
we're gonna get I love
hey what is a look at night we've been
out for we've been drinking
hi idly I did have breakfast I drank
alcohol alcohol went to food alcohol and
we continued to drink don't drink
alcohol it's not good for your kids
get back I believe you 15 seconds to
give the world a message the West the
Wessex which i'm a boudreaux the message
of West 15 seconds of babe is yours
yeah good man I was a DJ at the inside
way home I get a fucking great job of
that shit right all the boys the boys
you're some fucking lies you know we
paid it yeah we paid right boys we did a
good job we did a good job the tongue
doesn't know this yet the Mach the
meatball in a previous video we are
actually probably about halfway through
the night right now it is I say halfway
through the night it's half past 9:00 at
night this is now what my house looks
like this is what I have to understand
everyone says like Tom why did you build
a house like that you built a house that
was like you could live in your own you
can get an apartment I built a house for
friends and family literally that's what
it was you can live life doing whatever
you want to do but I love my life for
experience and making fun times your
friends and family and that's how I do
it and my friends are clearly getting
ridiculous downstairs so I'm gonna have
to go and see what's going on so the
socks are off I'm gonna get it hot too
but I don't have any your in your boxes
and that ginger bug this is the whole
point this is the whole point of having
a house the whole point of a house like
this that looks like it's a fucking
Illuminati triangle right now is so we
can all get in this hot so right now
oh no that's not gay now tornadoes are
scared of water plans right I'm going
but thank you for understanding you guys
gave me the stepping stone to my life
that I never thought I'd ever had in my
life
Sam is just doing whatever Sam's doing
and I will catch you guys later goodbye
