good morning Oh hit something good
morning world welcome your faces to the
selection of t-shirt we're going to wear
today we could wear syndicate original
but today we're changing it up and we're
wearing a panda bear riding an elephant
because why the hell not
well it's official oh boy bun with these
gray silver tips in my hair
ah Hilary it's coming from three VD to
the House today because I got a package
that just went off no have you a bit
scared at all I've been going through
every single box here trying to find the
package that I've been supposed to be
showing you guys for friggin days and I
finally found it are you ready oh oh oh
oh just look at that shield yes that's
down like this is the brand new Nvidia
shield so Nvidia I'm getting so much
swag right now all these packages all
this starts to fall I have been given
the brand new and Vidia shield not only
am I going to be streaming with it on
Sunday so Sunday be there 12:00 noon I'm
gonna be streaming off this like one of
the first people to do that it's gonna
be absolutely epic but what's even more
epic is that in that stream I'm going to
be giving away one of these bad boys -
you're right I'm going to show you we're
gonna we're gonna take a look inside and
see what it's all about
uh-huh would you just look at this new
stuff okay come on now this don't make
me do a Casey lease out and freaking rip
the thing oh oh there it is oh look at
my reflection in this boy boy I thought
it was gonna be bigger well let's take
all these brand new stickers off oh my
goodness me ladies and gentlemen this is
the first look for me at the Nvidia
shield whoo now basically well this
thing allows you to do just give you a
summary of people wondering this you can
stream games from the cloud - this bad
boy like all I ever gain fight witcher 3
all sorts of games like you know saints
row that's what i'm going to be playing
on Sunday and you can basically shoot me
from the cloud but no like you stream
the games and not have to install them
or anything like that what you have to
do like with a disc I mean install it
all you have to do is download them and
they can stream it to twitch so one of
you guys can win this bad boy so all you
do
simple things you need a Twitter account
I'm gonna put a link down the
description go to the tweet it's my
tweet and all you got to do is retweet
it and make sure you follow in video on
Twitter that is pretty much it if you
guys want to win an epic Nvidia shield
that you can do click that link down
below check it out and I will be
announcing the winner of the shield on
Sunday in the last room so twelve
o'clock at California time 6 p.m. UK
time be there be square and you'll win
yourself one of these bad boys maybe
hopefully are you gonna win mmm
this is gonna make no sense to
absolutely everyone but I just have to
give a big shout-out to Declan the
Scottish fellow he knows who he is not
Depp ginger decker you guys know that I
have to blame him that all the time I
know him I'm talking about a scotch guy
called deck I'm in LA he's in Scotland
you know who you are you fabulous person
I hope you shit tomorrow burns like hell
after eating that chili pepper goodbye
I totally know this bag is for gaming
laptops and stuff but what just realizes
that my loot crate can fit perfectly
like shout out to loot crate can fit
perfectly right in the laptop slot so
every time I get a loot crate well it's
a mug bucket just put it in there yeah
so I'm going to film my next unboxing of
my loot crate video and I have the
perfect guest I'm going to keep a
surprise who my next guest is to do it
with but my two cameras that are good
cameras to record with have zero battery
and I mean zero battery is in they don't
have a battery inside them I left it in
the UK so we went to Best Buy me and
Hill dog being Hill dog gonna we're
gonna go get any battery hopefully they
make it otherwise I'm actually have to
get a new camera I had to do that last
time cuz like a specific battery for
June well that's what happens when you
know you're having a bad day Jane the
Virgin yeah it's actually pretty fun
what yeah so she didn't have sex and she
had a baby yes she was on is that not
the basic this droid of Jesus when I'm
in LA that is my favorite story to drive
past cuz it's just got signs and props
of all sorts of shit look at that just
like a half naked statue with a titties
hanging out and would you look at her
guys I cannot fucking believe this
I'm sign the cab with Hillary we've been
stuck in traffic for like a fucking hour
and as I'm driving along everyone's
tweeting me saying Tom you won't believe
it Sonya's just on box a knife Sonya is
fucking never bought a knife in her life
or anything like that and spent like
hardly anyone cases probably like a
couple hundred dollars under on it and
she's got to fucking knives
she's just unlocked a brand new Tiger
tooth a cracker like crumb bit fucking
wet I don't know what is all I'm saying
is that she's got a knife whereas I
spent $3,000 and not got one Hillary I
need a knife I need a fucking knife or
someone's gonna die
so we've just travelled all the way
across town to try and find an NB 13 L
camera okay
just saying I've got here and I've been
talking to Ron come find anything but if
you look here and be 12-hour you think
that's the same psyche and be 13 out
that
it's exactly what I need I like how la
is so compact that there's a best buy
right here and then a sushi look across
the road in the middle of downtown LA
there's a good dump cement mixing plum I
just don't even know
oh my god just look at this city at all
that traffic holy shit man
feel that we're in a Batman film I don't
know music that is bought some hella
fucking mirrors of that whoa to the
elevator
yeah nice more traffic
come on traffic and Hillary yeah and
there is the GTA blimp in the sky the
Goodyear blimp ie let's go alright so
I'm about to play my first game of Risk
I don't know the rules so you're gonna
have to teach me but I'm now Shelby
dropped out so I'm taking his place
who's winning Angelo okay so the more
players that you've got the better yes
alright sweet fucking ready let's do
this okay so I know how to play risk
Alan give me a fist bump
we might be connecting team that's I'm
saying allies all right we're allies so
I've got South America here and no South
Africa South America like just
everything okay alright so I've just got
Africa you can clip tell them clearly
good at this but I've got this bad boy
over here I'm in Egypt I'm in the East
Africa South Africa man I've got a
little bit of it but I've got one dude
on Great Britain I'm thinking of
bombarding Britain with like 20 troops
and just holding that for the entire
game and just waiting to see if I can
hold everyone off but after wait and see
rally the troops we are coming for where
we attack it I'm blue I'm trying to take
over Europe right now but Asia it's not
racist thing as a goddamn problem
landing over here where's Angelo he's
doing pretty goddamn well in America I
you're just doing really bad I'm talking
about bro but no one can see your
clothes on the boat okay you're not even
looking yeah wouldn't you some kinda
we're about to Angela's gonna invade
this bitch I'm sorry you don't fall I
lost at risk for Allenwood and we were
partners so technically we won the world
war fuck yeah
to you so I play the game of csgo but
the Wi-Fi in this building was complete
yeah he'll still hit was complete
atrociousness to the point where we lost
the game massively I got disconnected
three times and I probably am NOT gonna
rank up now it's csgo so I cry every
time I would have killed myself with a
plunger I'm the last person left with
Ruby the office Angela's gone out for
like a birthday thing but we're gonna
meet up for drinks afterwards so what
I'm doing right now is editing together
the vlog what's it called the unboxing
video of Luke right but I've been
started here shaking with hunger except
I'd be in all day and I just got myself
some fucking sushi this is why America
is amazing look at this you get full
meals full comes over to your door so I
know sushi isn't cooked but usually like
steak salmon also stuff man eat 24 is
the homies I also thought I'd take a
risk and see if this place because they
also did Chinese food as well as Thai if
they do good salt and pepper now that
salt and pepper mix looks like it's
right does it taste like locked up
that is pretty goddamn close to the UK
salt and pepper chicken pieces that I
get but this time its wings so they're
don't like the bones but still really
good
well I think it's pretty sacrilegious if
you get sushi he's just right the
laptops take it off I'm rendering a
video on a village Sam again Matt so it
shouldn't be on that books you've got a
surface book you should never eat sushi
our Chinese food in my opinion
regardless a figure pretty tricky stuff
thought should never eat it without
chopsticks so are you ready
I run it
can I have a refund okay it wasn't that
bad but what's the exact I was expected
it supposed to be spicy tuna and it
tastes like sweet mush Wow well the
thing is though like there's a lot of
people who make video games built
there's also like some people who can
just play video games for a living you
know some people play it like a pet way
like college you eat legal legends and
they owner like a living off that and
then these people who just play video
games and then record themselves played
and put it on YouTube and then them guys
make a grin off just plain and having
other people watch them so it's very
very awesome industry to get into boy
he's going to get you know graphic
designers too far then oh yeah
definitely encouraging the entire way I
feel so grown-up and stuff I just got my
first bill for my apartment and I've
scented my posts so yeah we go post it
and be a grown-up I guess kind of weird
but however this this right here this
it's a plan game tune sound for late
night livestream chill back play some
csgo well I say chill back gonna kick
back play some csgo and hopefully them
Jesus Christ and hopefully for the love
of God rank up dying for my a Kay ladies
and gentlemen I decided to go an
unboxing cases and I did it
I can't even write the heart he embarks
the most ugly knife that is ever known
to man I opened how many cases to be
open since a statue in 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 8
I have spent over $3,000 on trying to
get a knife and I own fucking box a
bayonet rust Co fuck is going on with
the world well guys it is 5 4 no 6 a.m.
in the morning
going to bed just got my csgo reaction
video so that was hilarious if you
haven't seen it go check it out so I
just um I work out mob so if I can't
aliens shit huh
everyone keeps coming like hos you stay
in shape literally just work out before
I go to bed every single day that's it
one day I will wake up and just be
extremely fat and be like oh that's
where I went wrong but basically
hope you guys a great day thanks for
watching don't forget Sunday tomorrow
from this one
be doing their video lives from a 12 so
be they're giving away the Nvidia shield
so that's gonna be epic you get to win
it all you got to do is retweet
something and that's about that so I
will see your guys faces tomorrow have a
great day I'm gonna pass out in bed and
the sun's about to come through the
cones I mean blind so yeah good night
