I totally didn't forget to start
vlogging today it's not twenty plus one
in the afternoon and I forgot to start
volume but anyway I'm here live
streaming I was playing Star Wars
Battlefront and the servers are down so
I mean not gambling I'm trying to get an
iPhone csgo okay shoutouts the chat
there's a chat look at my life and stuff
but I'm addicted guys I think I need
help alright guys you know what I'm
gonna put one of you guys this is the
knife if this gets a knife I'm literally
going to punch the screen and break it
you ready three two one
shoutouts gold Nova Master yet you say
if you say come on no we don't want a
deadly poison god damn it hey what are
the biggest foods that I miss when I'm
back in UK salt pepper chicken pieces
you always used to see me go to that
place the golden Phoenix to eat it now
this is America's version of that all
right I'm gonna try it and give you guys
an honest review you ready
hmm could try it with a bit of this
stuff in it like rubbed on it try again
it's good but it's not the same as the
UK but a piece food you start my mouth
okay
okay little one became to collect these
big three it looks like it looks like
drugs has been smuggled yeah actually it
looks like this is not right this is
definitely not right
rip aroni streamer oniy rumor oniy oh
look at it just it's just full of
emptiness and sorrow oh no you can't
really see it damn it I was gonna do a
whole would you look it up beautiful
look at that again we're stuck in
traffic Sonia we're stuck loud so
intense the face we're stuck in traffic
again hey la fuck Sonia where are we
we're stuck in traffic no God don't I've
been trying to get this thing for five
fucking minutes and this is always the
first one I don't right first of all
problems I'm struggling to get into a
free monitor and like I said massive
thanks to Gareth from Asus hooking me up
Fatih style hey god damn it woman oh my
god my new monitor is absolutely
insanely big it's a republic of gamers
gaming HD 165 Hertz game Plus Nvidia
g-sync flicker free Monica and it does
this oh my god whoa I can have a twitch
channel then right yes best twitch chat
ever okay I was not expecting my new
monitors to be this big look at that
shit oh my god Asus you look beyond oh I
was
one of them monitors on my current desk
how am I gonna put my thing on it oh my
god okay I'm not gonna lie this is
pretty damn ridiculous there's just so
much junk for good in the same I got my
two other monitors that like I literally
like look I don't have the space for
look how big the bases and so I get my
desk in here I haven't got the space for
it so I've got this epic setup in here
well I say epic it's got a tiny desk and
I've got all this trash that I've got
recycle so I'm just packing it all and
recycling it and then hopefully gonna
try and empty a few of those so it
should be pretty sweet book two more of
these bad boys
oh my gosh well monitor you did be good
for the two and a half years that I
needed you bought the new bad boy has
arrived which is look at the size
difference in the two it's absolutely
ridiculous the size of this thing is
awesome and you can do this so but I'm
streaming on Twitch and stuff you know I
tell you I've liked the chat that can
like go on a pop-out bar sort of thing
I'm gonna do this I'm gonna have my
twitch app on one of these three screens
just going to zoom like that so it's
gonna be absolutely perfect so screams
you did me good new ones honestly a
massive shout out to Asus thank you so
much gals you're a legend for send me
that I did say already but honestly
you're a legend
how much thinner it is as well compared
to the old one an AC unit holy fucking
shit you're going crazy boy it took me
three trips to get downstairs any
elevator with all that shit but I did it
but guess what there's still stuff in
them boxes that I've got a takeout empty
and recycle the boxes not today we're
playing video games for a bit you can go
kill yourself well I just came back into
my kitchen and of the old day of walked
out and had the AC on and checked in
case its dripped from the top again
I came out and of course so wet through
water drips down off this thing here and
just makes a massive puddle in I feel
like it's just gonna ruin the wood wall
which obviously is so I'll go try and
find out what's going on with this
because it definitely should not be
doing it so fingers crossed Loxley
she said Ripley please don't do this to
me
just one properly before I forget I have
to do a little I had to do what I have
to do a little something I did a little
shout-out to Laura Nugent a happy
birthday to you I have a secret message
of little somebody to wish you a very
happy birthday so happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Lauren happy birthday to you hope
it was a great day it's 5 a.m. I only
just got in bed finish it edit it finish
it ed finished editing and sorting out
of details for my csgo and boxing video
let's come live today so if you're
watching this vlog go over to my main
channel csgo on boxing video is there
for you guys to enjoy I've been thinking
about maybe creating a csgo dedicated
channel but I don't know how I feel
about that thoughts the opinions live it
in the comments below
epsilon update for you guys you know I
said I was going to San Diego New York
Russia New York LA that's not happening
in the morning I am still going to New
York but I'm not going to San Diego and
we're still going to Russia and I'm not
gonna lie I was saying Siberia thinking
it was in fucking Europe I'm going to
Russia where it's literal in the middle
of bumfuck nowhere why I can't tell ya -
it's like wintery snowy there so it's
gonna be epic also when I go to New York
I'm going to be doing a meet-up and
stuff like that but what I need to let
you guys know is if you click the link
in the description it'll take you to a
website called prize you're basically if
you donate five dollars you rent into a
raffle and I when I say you donate five
dollars five dollars all goes to charity
okay so go donate five dollars
wherever you live in the world you get
entered into the raffle to me to fly you
out to New York to hang out with me for
a full day put you up in a really nice
hotel you know perfect flights over take
you out wine and dine you don't have to
drink alcohol I mean like tree the good
life sort of thing in New York and it's
gonna be an amazing trip with me and
tmartn and my first time ever in New
York so it's gonna be epic so if you
guys want to end up put the link down
below it's puts motor neurone disease
which is the charity of choice that I've
always supported cuz my grandmother
passed away of it and we raised $200,000
for it so if you guys wanna help out
raise some more money for charity donate
and you get
chance to come and hang out with me for
the day pretty bad opportunity really
fuck I don't know us guys I've wrote a
bed like said 5 a.m. gotta bed kind of
waits for this video to upload then I
can actually go to bed so 6 a.m. roll it
up I'm gonna sleep and passing out then
and I am NOT setting alarm because I'm
gonna wake up whatever the fuck I feel
like it tomorrow so much love to your
faces stay awesome and I'm going to play
porn out of these speakers really
fucking loud and piss off my neighbors
yeah
