it's three o'clock so half the day is
pretty much gonna write if totally
forgot to vlog because one I woke up
late - I didn't do anything and three
I've just been kind of doing emails so
it's not been really video worthy but
I'm downtown urban register just getting
some food and then we go to the office
meeting up with everyone for a 3d 3bd
meeting I mean one of them's typical
like hipster restaurants in LA where
ever since they're super all ganic look
I even got an organic dandelion and
burdock this place is called urban
radish Thanks okay story time if you
guys have ever seen a movie where
there's a driving section in it you will
always recognize that specific bridge oh
and police helicopter reason why I
believe it's super easy to get a permit
to go to film on there so if you've seen
the purge where they're like having that
the purge like the second film where
they're all holding off the bridge on
their passengers where they're all on
that bridge all that everything is
filmed there so if you get there like
really late at night sometimes you can
see like big film rigs and cranes all
with white in and she is pretty epic so
fun fact that you didn't need to know
I'm so sorry
also side note there's a gun shop down
there by a gun range so I am tempted to
go down there and go shooting today
after I've done with my meeting it could
be awesome by the way I'm doing this
with 100 Caroline Carol Carol carrying
my dental ina burdock which tastes like
piss see wasn't lying and I can't rub
and rub climbing no fucking idea what
that is but maybe it stands for la be
climbing and they be climbing these nuts
it smells like crusty asshole out here I
am way too sweaty
hello Tucker if there was ever a present
I would buy you it would be this this
makes so much relevant sense to you rip
oh yeah look at this what you doing
stealing our glasses she comes to work
again and steals our shit you get out of
here you
you're not welcome around these parts
god damn it the only thing that kept me
standing throughout this medium was
staring at this screen where these four
dudes keep fighting not stop because
it's the loading screen of gang beats
going blue one blue guys victory that
phone call of the meeting lasting for a
whopping 50 minutes holy shit dicks
would you just look at that view it's
been a while since I've been able to say
would you look at that view because a
new apartment I don't really have a view
to go to show you but would you just
look at that view and there's usually an
Audi r8 parked in this catback but not
today not today I just don't know how I
can have this man as a friend like you
know you know friends are supposed to
give friends advice and shit like that
but I wasn't here at the time to time
not to buy a fucking Prius where's your
vagina oh fuck off how big is your tits
there's a police helicopter again this
is why la sucks massive dongs Luke the
bearded man why are we stuck in traffic
again
fuck my would you look at that view
beautiful and that's me in the mirror oh
wait I keep come on your Betty mom but
no one can see it that's better than a
8x8
7000 mod X let's add subtract dicks we
need three more dicks for going to Santa
Monica peir we've decided to put in
Santa Monica Pier for where we're headed
and then I just started showing dicks 12
dicks 97 7 white dicks 3 beautiful the
12 dicks fell on the dick coasts of
Washington DC okay this is getting
screen shot because oh that's amazing
oh wait send send no send to sister
oh look turn to tune to that drop voice
lift that drop
really that's it ah now we're stuck with
human traffic I could tell you guys
right now this is Hank Hank doing some
pleasure in Siberia vlog it which so
just said he's gonna ruin it remain
anonymous for the rest of his life
stop it it's too light now what are we
gonna do we're gonna take of the world
yes 32 these dudes
buuut why did you buy me one seriously
problem dad I can't believe it all my
friends left me I'm literally stuck in
the middle of Santa Monica with this
homeless dude still gonna bench in front
of these people
in the food some genuinely fucked right
now
genuine such a good friend I was filming
his face no out not really hurt that was
it well that's just rude
it's called vlogging bitch you little
bitch you went and put it in a sling for
she one sec one sec guys give him all
give him all the space he needs for his
with his broken broken broken French pub
and looks like he's about to die but
still surviving this is treason because
this is a British bar see the Americans
have taken abuse
we are good fun we know leaving with it
we're outside the watershed grill Oh No
right if you guys recognize this road
see it
Jack Isaac Grand Theft oil this is
exactly where it's from
and because if you play on this map
never thought it's definitely right
we've tried it once he broke his arm it
didn't work out well cuz there's a noob
but either way we had a good night
we chilled out we tried we got some food
how good was that snake snake this is
how the hand come in
how good was that steak it was delicious
laughs I know it's scale from one to ten
it was a ten on a scale of one to ten
I'm a black turn-on bangable it was
totally bangable yeah yeah and got that
woman there that's actually a woman
right inside what's inside she's just
like they're totally not impressed yeah
a music video yeah I'm taking respect
for that yeah we just shot a music video
oh so ladies in the morning but guess
what
I got fucking home bitches mr. Donilon
but I still managed to get home yes I
guess I got a package outside my door
today fucking house it's quite a lot of
shit yes oh I thought it was almost
curtains and shit which actually was
caramels all that stuff bought oh this
this right here is the best three boxes
in your life you everyone received Plus
this one is like this is the brain of
the Sonos but this right here at the
three speakers that I can play the
mattoon's around my house all day every
day for the rest of my life what am I
like but when I'm in LA because yeah
otherwise I'm I'm in the UK ah but ready
I'm gonna set them up and we're gonna
play some tunes it might be quite
possibly midnight at night but it
doesn't matter stuff
stell footy no one will see me because
my house is one
yeah we walk inside here there's one in
the kitchen been asked so knows you
better work we go into the office we go
in here and that's one of my computer it
will be in a bad position but hopefully
fingers crossed we can get all music
playing through these three speakers now
we pray I finally got my wireless
speakers working in my room one there
what am I kidding way my office it's
currently half past twelve time listen
it's a good music showing out this is
the wife it's now four o'clock in
morning I'm going to bed because I've
got so much stuff to do tomorrow but
ladies and gentlemen I hope you've been
bad
avoid that's how tired am I hope you've
enjoyed the clip it's from today if you
haven't leave a like right if you
haven't subscribe and then tomorrow
you'll enjoy the better day and there
hopefully I'll see you guys again so
thank you very much for watching
your face is welcome on the journey of
my life I'm going to Russia soon and New
York twice on San Francisco which should
be pretty crazy so I'll see you guys
there tag along have fun and thank you
for everything bye bye
