god fucking damn it it's freezing it's
just out Michele which was boiling a hot
lead ice but I totally forgot I'd never
hit a building with a CE o my nipples
are called for the record that bed was
insanely comfortable stupidly stupidly
comfortable but it's moving day again
today of moving teams over at the other
house so I'm gonna go over there leave
them woke me up with them get all my
shit shifted over here and oh my god is
it a beautiful day and let's get it
started
damn right sweet so got to the house
moving companies here they brought like
the biggest man in the world which is
totally unnecessary but it it was just I
didn't know how much stuff I was going
to take or what I wasn't gonna leave or
anything like that but all's good bye
just received this massive last package
I'm gonna find out what the hell now I'm
just saying like the box look at it the
box is fucking huge absolutely massive
and if you about the light is important
for not a magic oh okay so it's a box
full of boxes of loot crate got it and
well this place looks like it got robbed
unlike an excavational well I don't know
it made fun yeah we view two screens
behind the desk isn't mine the cabinet
isn't mine nothing in this room is
really mine so I'm kind of like leaving
most of it behind but this is the pile
of junk that is mine and that's pretty
much that's pretty much that the ACS
mine button delete it here for people
who want to use it like you come and
stay over what during the race and stuff
so should be good this is gonna be the
last time well not last time at the
husband baby oh yeah we did the house
people it's been fun it's been awesome
it alone one of it I give you gave me a
home with a little British boy came to
America yeah you've been a straight-up
homie with everything you pick me up
from the airport so buddy tough you tore
everything I've needed even my moving
company that today I almost missed you
answer the door for them as well
don't man you would you bought me a
Barbie clock for my night I'm taking it
your cupola okay you take what I don't
know I want to see on your fireplace of
your new place like that we're gonna do
my remembrance of tumblr exactly it's
been an amazing journey it has we are
still friends for anyone who's ever keep
asking like this is not a lithium to
follow a little bitch you know right you
know what would blame it on him so his
fuck you but no honestly we're still
friends
nothing has happened it's just that he's
got like he's gonna be on his own way in
life and so am i he's 20 you know 20 to
22 I'm 22 we got shit to do and that I
love you buddy
I love you too bud I think we should
kiss bye as well this is this is like
the last time I but gonna see you in
quite a while I will be around the house
because I probably forget something but
buddy hey what y'all I thought your
points about you but like listen listen
we've gone through ups we've gone
through downs all right you sit down
having an emotional what having an
emotional right now last time I was down
this low team you did buy me boy listen
do you want to get a goodbye Nam go on
get a goodbye Nam oh say goodbye is that
the fucking hate that shit tastes like
British shit buddy right Griswold you've
been a champion before give it ball look
at that we're homies we're always right
goodbye fist bump fist bump okay we
didn't teach you that one yet I want the
remaining things is to look is there
cleaning stuff and lube whoa that is the
creepiest face I think I've ever seen
you for right going are you leaving boy
deep deeper go little bored don't do it
though listen Canadian do it don't
listen the way this house works is
people from different continents come
from everywhere we've had a stray lien
stain it got Canadian and then you leave
all right so you're the last one to stay
the next person sleeve is took her and
then you√≠ve opted took his left okay
who's gonna who's gonna take over our
legacy then probably some yeah if you
guys want to rent out the gamers show
we'll leave details below well Sonya
what's going on well I know he's leaving
so I thought I'd get you a going-away
gift
what is it oh I got a pink boat all
right you ready
yeah sure you have to hold it like that
though I did this yeah it's good this
this is my going-away gift
Oh what twisting uh oh my gosh go check
again to go jammed in there pretty good
what is it what is it in before bug wait
why is it so it's getting smaller is it
is it your fingertip that you come on
fucking do it I knew it I fucking called
it I can't do that
I literally called it you fucking
bastards that's awesome oh my I can't
believe that you called it right fucking
good I was like that smells like now
that's not this next time that I was
like oh is it this is old school is
everything right check this out this is
the way it's done right look at this oh
yeah oh is that your British accent yep
take a left I'm definitely taking a left
oh yeah this is old school shit this is
awesome okay right the guys are
downstairs now they're getting organized
getting all the shit ready to get up
here and yeah I'm gonna make my cereal
now seen as though it's nearly one
o'clock gonna go into my epic office and
see what's going on the world of my new
csgo video and see if people like it oh
my voice boys what do you know about
that tempur-pedic chair this is the
first chair or when I moved to LA check
that swag check swag it's a bit of
improvement tall glass that so we can
see the sell slow improving I've got
like my new microphone I'm gonna try and
sell today that I got this like skeleton
photo I don't know what this does but
basically I go try to install that today
get it all up and rid of sexy dxracer
just by with mix-ins like now better to
have a spare chair there not got the
light and rigs here got my bedding to
try and dump in the sound it actually
does just with having two chairs in here
the sound is already dumping which is
crazy yeah I'm watching some in the
background as for the house all the
boxes and stuff yeah this is not my new
sofa this is a sofa bed that I
accidentally brought with me I'm
probably gonna get rid of it to go to
the chair and get all that new furniture
but here's all my gear on my running
shit throughout the years of living at
the house got this mother a shout out to
this side by Robin Williams from an
Aladdin piece and then a signed by all
the cat like all the cast like even him
what does he listen it's not Matt Damon
once he's goddamn namely no to Capri
Capri oh so that's pretty good nothing
there that's all the same the little
thing there now and I got my cabinets in
there so on in the house it's looking
pretty swaggy and good I was like how
have I got a box that's an open with my
name on it so I opened it up and you
guys don't remember what like when me
and mother father went and bought a tree
as part of a vlog well about Christmas
decorations so for the years that I've
had this it's not been opened in the
house that I've lived at for probably
the last two years
what the fuck at least I'm prepared for
Christmas now boom just like that that's
how it's done that's how you do two
hours worth of lives treatment it was
epic Stiles Beaufort it's exactly what I
thought it'd be Matt is it Josie and him
I'm my nipples might start poking
through my shirt law but uh well it's
actually that cool but I'm gonna get in
my bed just because I'm just God I own a
bed yes but no but it's it's really good
to be in the place now got all my stuff
in like a showed you guys before really
happy for that but I'm get some food
ordered and just work on similar things
I might actually edit some of that
footage of me just live streaming and
then all this stuff down here I'm gonna
get put away one of these boxes has got
like 30 pairs of trainers in it which
I'm gonna put all in my wardrobe so
gotta get that done to know about trying
out that new local Chinese takeaway oh
yeah yeah hopefully it's gonna be good I
got like that chickens sweet corn soup
some prawns
someone else I'm not actually too sure
actually I bought I got that I'm gonna
chill out for a bit I've strewn for a
bit so I'm just gonna watch some nachos
I've better meat time in my apartment
and continuing packing stuff so it's
being a good day so far I'm just a
little bit tired because I didn't
much sleep because I got woke up with
the moving company and Tucker it's time
to find out what I bought June is are
you ready oh okay
okay yeah it didn't come with a fortune
in it fuck music stop new stock music
stop stop guys
I'm not even kidding this might be like
know what apply this might be the best
chicken soup I've ever had in my life
I'm not even cluded yet it's orgasmic
this might be the best box in the house
you open up the reflow Dex and nothing
but DC shoes that is what you call a win
because I went to bed at half four in
the morning last night actually scratch
that I actually develop five o'clock in
my last night
I'm currently laying in bed here at five
o'clock and I've got to have a nap what
the hell is wrong with me I'm turning
into an old man an old man who now lives
on his own
who takes naps during the day god damn
it oh okay so I slept for more than hour
and a half it's half past 8:00 at night
now I'm super tired and I just got woke
up because there's someone waiting to
give me a package at the front door I
need to sign fuck I literally look like
a hobo I'm about to start streaming and
I look like a hobo so we're gonna go and
take care of this hair and I just I yes
yes I was like so low on energy like so
stupidly low I don't like look to my
fridge and it was just water and
Powerade I was like no I need something
fizzy I need something with sugar in it
that makes my teeth fall out and I was
like I got anything and as I was about
to close the door it opened up and I
looked at the back of it as like oh I'm
gonna cook or but my solos bridge came
today so they'll wait for tomorrow three
more speakers are gonna come I'm gonna
have wireless speaker music sexiness
around my house success in a few people
saying table your hair's going blonde
and it actually is a thought people just
drunk but see that tip there it's going
blonde ha ha hopefully there's intern
ginger I can survive without being a
ginger being a born is not as bad as
being well nothing's as bad as being
ginger that is one definite tired person
right there but this ensuite wardrobe
ensuite walk-in wardrobe is looking good
got cabinets got my clothes got one pair
of shoes
and I've still got on box everything
else but today I haven't actually done
watch guys because I just got lack of
sleep and I did the whole moving day
today so I'm gonna get in bed and just
pass out hopefully tomorrow Beach yeah
tomorrow is gonna be a bit more
interesting because then I'm gonna be
going down to three PD offices and
you'll see Luke and everyone like that
so it should be some good fun and we'll
see what's going on and I'll hopefully
be letting you guys know soon about me
going to Siberia yes Siberia Russia I'm
going to Russia and New York and some
stuff about raising money for charity so
it's gonna be absolutely wicked so I'll
let you guys know about that really
happy to be in the place
I really really am it's just like this
is it feels like home I was like worried
I wasn't going to and I'd hear like the
neighbors banging and stuff like that
but so far I can't hear anything like
during the weekday you know obvious is
gonna take more time and check out on
weekends but everything's been perfect
so far so all I need is a nice big TV
there unlike a cabinet or something I
need a Nintendo Wii and hopefully I can
hook you up so I can play Mario Kart and
bed and just chill out and it will be
absolutely perfect so guys thank you
very much for watching make sure leave a
like rating subscribe to see more of my
face every single day I hold a new vlog
every day at 6 p.m. UK time and yeah you
can just see what I kind of get up to my
life kind of random and I look like a
bit of a bum I really really need to get
this hair side out because whatever the
hell's going on here I don't know
right I'm going I love you and goodbye
