it's a new dawn it's a new day my hair
looks like crap and it's feeling good
and today is kind of moving day I don't
have a company to come in and shoot all
this until tomorrow but Sonja's going to
get me some boxes so hopefully I'll be
able to get that organized sooner and
quicker but my bed gets delivered to my
new place today so I kind of have to be
over there so it kind of puts me in a
little bit of a predicament as to what I
do all day so I'm thinking take my
laptop tape microphone a webcam off my
computer go to my new place and just
livestream me playing csgo or something
on my laptop hopefully it should run
smoothly and fine and if I do that for
the day then
hey what a wonderful type of day wait
wasn't that hey Arthur alright so I've
spent all day like working on making
videos because you know the whole
ecology zombie thing he didn't work out
last night but I'm at the apartment I've
gotta wait here now for the company to
come and drop off my bed got a new
badass bed arriving his money should be
like yeah I'm so excited and I already
have already got four bills through my
mail which is just great so slowly going
to start moving everything over to here
I brought these are the first things I
brought to the house I brought my new
mix um microphone and I brought two
jackets that I've made for winter and I
live in LA so yeah got my backpack with
my laptop in it I was just gonna plug it
in and then a I don't know I think about
live streaming tonight here but if my
bed comes I'm gonna go back go get my
bed in or possibly go out buy new
bedding and then yesterday my first
night in the apartment even though I'll
have nothing here with my computer or
anything but I'm just tempted to do it
just to be like yeah I'm in and then
tomorrow get a moving van to move all my
other furniture in so it's gonna be
great you know get money Ben stop
looking fancy hope I am just like that
and do bed easy I don't think I'm gonna
shove it a little bit that way just
because it's a big Spacey bed book I
could do things with Sal don't do it
modern so go like a really nice company
but ah haha it's never getting out of
this bed and they're like a really
really heavy-duty bed this is like a
hundred part not not money no no no no
not like that let's not do that girl he
was like I think communication issues in
my British boyfriend cuz he keeps saying
pound no this is like 100 pounds like a
couple of stone in weight it's like
ridiculous but new bed really comfy
really damn nice it's a small I think
this is going to be like one of the
smallest beds I've ever had it's a queen
and a Queen's like what let's decide
this out this about 4 foot wide where's
my bed in the UK is 7 foot wide but
nonetheless got that outside thanks I
guess some bedding for it get some new
shit and hopefully will be awesome so
let's go shopping
like the weather over there is really
nice near the beach and then just above
us it looks like all hell's about to
rain loose I am NOT ok with this first
ever time in a Guitar Center it was
alright I like how anything you could be
in this really busy area like you give
you a mall you could be mattress place
this guy decides to be an iPad repair
place wanker fuck like oh my god Becky
like I'm so toads just a mom or like
mine in my own dick oh oh I hate this
place just standard white chicks
everywhere I've totally decided I know
what pisses me off in malls more than
anything I'll just in general people who
fucking walk diagonally you're fucking
drunk but walking in a straight line to
get somewhere why'd you just go
I just fucking drift sideways stop doing
it and oh my god the fucking hunt for
bedding begins again I have no idea what
I'm looking for but I'm gonna get that
I'm specifically doing to get that robe
it feels sexual mmm
this is so random for me to run away
throw a clip in from the end of the day
Midway vlog but I completely forgot to
buy that rope and I am so good but at
the same time I'm wearing the brand new
syndicate regional stealthily that isn't
Evan out yet so yeah good decision to
wear these instead
back to the video I found my duvet and
two pillows I was like yeah I'll get two
other extra comfy pillows what $300 each
you can go fuck yourself so successfully
bought the wrong one so I'm bringing it
back to come get that was a queen but I
need a king to cover my actual sides of
my beds so time to find that one
help me got it take two
I just went to turn on the light in my
bedroom I forgot I need to buy the light
fuck here in my garage Oh Jenna Kate
well I got the bedside bed looks really
done ice still can't leave this thing
weighs like a hundred pounds huh it's
not going anywhere but there you go
that's the bed made I got I always do
this so like right now I just took this
all in under just so you can see the
wood but this is actually a king-size so
it's like beds a queen that's the king
just so in a minute
it's stupidly comfort let's test out the
bed for the first time oh my god I
probably could have got a king and made
this room this bed much much bigger
which would have been would have been
better to be honest but I'd rather have
more of a spacious room but nonetheless
this is perfect okay now my plan of
action is to take the things that I've
got my bed in in to go back to the old
house get as many calls underwear all
that sorts loving towels put it at this
and then maybe maybe try and smuggle my
PC and a monitor here fingers crossed we
can do it this is how you change this is
how you move please move on carrying
everything by hand and using microphones
to open the fucking elevator first voice
voice boy this is the cutest set of
setups you've ever seen so this is
literally what I'm working with until I
get a new desk and furniture
a ball honestly this is going back to
old school YouTube and I think this is
exactly what I want right now I don't
want a big epic south I just want
somewhat like this for a few days to get
all that grime get shit done and what
rules me and Luca going back out for
bids but I think he's got brought me to
come and buy another fucking table I'm
back outside HD bloody fucking butter
cup every more save more yeah so Helms
bakery what's this place got the
triangle and this is where I think this
is one of the first ever times that I
met Jimmy szalinski and the dudes over
at like Treyarch when I was like they
came I think actually first time in LA
when I met them well okay yeah come over
here so here I am I'm not going to
meeting them again we're just going up
some drinks into some food but that
place was right there stop fucking good
oh my God look at this burger on a shit
so jus City ain't nothing wrong with a
late night rendezvous for beers with a
bearded fella I don't know who he is I
don't know where it's from
I can tell you is he gave me half this
burger and said eat it the main reason
we come in is to get bowls for my cereal
tomorrow and a spoon and there you have
every single thing over than a fucking
Bowl also shout-out to Lex Halloween ah
we hit that motherfucking jug port Luke
look at me oh yes we got everything we
need fuck yeah dat booty doe we came in
for literally two things literally came
here for toilet paper milk and a bowl
and we left with two hundred dollars
worth of shit so much shit I asked to
feel like we should take this back in
there and ask him to give us a new bag
this bag ready ready ahh let's throw
this on the end of my vlog today was
awesome I'm really glad I just got like
motivate
and moved into the new place this is
myself I just streamed for two hours
playing Counter Strike obviously tried
to get a knife and didn't get one well
we've got a pop-up say my battery's
about to that but like honestly I really
like going back to this in the YouTube
space you can get really caught up in
the whole like you know having the
nicest things I mean like a million
screens and all that start stuff but at
the end of the day all I need is a
fucking monitor a computer and that was
just I could read the twitch chat two
monitors is perfect but like you can
have all these things but the basics
this is all I need and to have a
community to be able to communicate with
that's why I started YouTube and that's
why I do and look away I can definitely
say like I've never let YouTube get to
like my head but I've met several people
in this industry who really do and it
changes them and today was just that
example of like just sticking to just
kill community I don't need to be in a
big fancy house or anything like I can
do my job from anywhere get ice I've
always said give me a fucking motor home
like a camper van and I will travel the
world with a streaming rig poop outside
McDonald's and stream and make videos
that sort of thing what I'd really like
to throw this on the end of the vlog
here today guys because I've had a blast
and it's just managed to have this
little mini cell but it works so
pathetic but it's just it's I love it
it's going back I've I've had the the
high life of the perfect like dream cell
for past four years but this this kind
of thing is what makes me kind of like
it makes me tick you know like starting
from scratch again so it's just kind of
nice but you know I've reached the peak
of like this career and yeah it's just
manuals but anyway this bed is looking
extremely comfy so I'm gonna get in bed
and go to sleep guys it's two o'clock in
the morning go wait for the video to
render out and chill out watch Netflix
and watch some nachos and just chill out
but yeah you guys have an epic I really
appreciate all of honestly the small sum
all the support the support from you
guys has been insane have a good night
make sure you leave a like crane
subscribe to see more of my face and if
we can't let's try and hit let's try and
hit 33,000 337 likes it's a target you
guys can smash I'm sure she's the best
community there is okay catch you guys
tomorrow for the next log
bye it's four o'clock in the morning I'm
finally going to bed Oh
shit
