today's a good day if I don't get outta
bed and do something the day is going to
be over it's currently six o'clock at
night and I've done oh fuck off
seriously I've done nothing all day I
did that thing on me like getting ready
I got changed the day is still sunny I'm
absolutely starving I'm not eating
anything since I woke up but I've just I
just felt like a little kind of a better
lazy day I edit my vlog from yesterday
got it up to YouTube and now I can start
my day but I don't really know what to
do
screw it KFC sounds like an excellent
breakfast extinct o'clock in the
afternoon why the hell not I could tell
you for a fact I need a haircut so I
think tomorrow Monday when the barbers
is open I'm going to go and get it a
nice little trim it isn't this feel just
lovely every time I look at it I think
of like the windows screensaver sort of
thing but oh there's my neighbor hello
hello to your face ha damn son that was
like the quickest KFC trip I've ever
done in my life most you go and get it
in like seven minutes less that there's
no traffic I got stuck at one red light
and I ordered the food and it like just
came straight away so I'm now gonna just
watch my Windows desktop and you my KFC
and for the record the only thing i get
at KFC if you ever gonna take me on a
date is the bone was banquet I don't
really like bony chicken kind of weird
and gravy is aside so fuck yours this
right here this way I'm talking about
please be good sizes ah yes your sexual
fuckers oh I feel like starting a sort
of war in my comments right now around
fast food okay yeah are you ready for
the war and you guys better get ready in
your comments down below but this is
what I'm saying
McDonald's chips as general fries are
the best fast-food chips
KFC's tastes like shit and Burger Kings
are too big and too fluffy that I'm just
not one of them so I want you to leave a
comment down below as to what your
favorite is cuz I'm gonna try one now
just the record to show you that I'm
being fair
they're just this tasteless this is
tasteless Mugler add your own souls how
they're supposed to be nice ah
loads of people ask me where blogs
what's this bottle of champagne in this
glass cabinet and now this isn't like
for security reasons the case like soon
broke in install it it's behind a locked
cage so I have another party and stuff
my friends can drink this alcohol here
but they don't drink this this is for
special occasions it's an ace of spades
it's like a really nice champagne which
I'm saving like for I don't know exactly
what special occasion maybe I'll know
some epic happens like my sister has a
baby I keep saying in case my sister has
a baby or she gets married or some like
that but that's what it's for so I hope
that answers your guys questions and for
the Lord for a Forks to stop lost balls
all over house when my dad surprised me
on my birthday
god damn it magic magic magic magic
magic okay I tell you something I am
some sort a special person because I
decided that you know these these party
poppers that you're like you know porn
like a little confetti comes out of it
well decided to light one of them like a
bit of diner dynamite like it was gonna
explode which it doesn't but I look and
I was like oh yeah I'll put it out it's
pretty stupid
I want to put it out fucking piece
plastic fell out of Burma index finger
so got must burn on it and I'm just I'm
just not happy okay basically burnt
myself so now I can't play video games
because my finger thing is hurting but
I'm still gonna play video games cause I
don't care cuz I'm gonna play video
games and man oh man do I need a fucking
haircut my hair's just has too long um
so to continue my daily vlog you know I
decided to stream for a bit so I'm
streaming for a bit and everything's
going well I just had to do a hardcore
minecraft world I'm in the nether I'm
getting distracted about my twitch chat
talking about porn and pollen counts and
am I banging India and neighbor Alice
questions and I'm like what the fuck and
this just happened so I'm in the nether
and I'm about to unpause my game I'm
currently playing on hardcore and yeah
hey yo chat hey y'all yeah that's all
you
everyone's laughing everyone say hi
Andrea riperoni I my Minecraft world
lasted a whole hour and 30 minutes
cannot respond I died in a hardcore
world great you ready and dolly we'll
just right just fucking great still
don't know what to do today so I decided
to make a crisp booty and a lovely glass
of juice and this is a question for all
you Americans does this class's punch is
this actually punch to you guys because
I'm trying to work out if that's what it
is bought this is a tutorial now I have
to make a chrisboy step 1 do that step 2
get your other slice throw it on top
crush it down and then you eat the rest
that oh well that is a children room I'm
proud you eat at Chris Botti oh well I
was looking at like who actually created
growing thought oh and I decided to type
it in but I was like man that is so much
to type but then I realize goggle has
the search thing so we're gonna try and
mess around with some audio clips yo D
what is the size of a whale's left
eyebrow this is amazing I will try
another we'll try another one
when does the moon come out at midnight
on a Tuesday afternoon whilst flying in
the field of dreams
no way that's sick okay well that's one
I'll do it in an accent so when you're
looking down the ship with your nostrils
and your big left testicle falls off
what happens to your right
nutsack couldn't oh wait I think we
spoke too much boy it actually did it
for the most part I like trains Google
show me some pictures of some
motherfucking train bitch yes it may
right now look like I've just woke up
the next day but it's at Julian there's
actually 6 a.m. in the morning no 7 a.m.
in the morning and I'm finally going to
bed I don't know why I've done this to
myself I was playing my Oh cat all night
to a lock a character called eggy I had
it I just didn't get it all night until
the very last second I try and try and
try it all night all night
finally got it what and what's bad now
so this is a thing that happens quite a
lot I am I like my life those days where
I don't really do much so I try and like
throw stuff in to make it full and spicy
but we'll just see how things go but
tomorrow go getting a haircut so let's
get that done but guys thank you very
much for watching make sure you leave a
like rating let's try see if we can hit
50,000 I know it's like we usually hear
about 20,000 let's try and see if we can
hit 50,000 because you guys are beasts
basically subscribe as you see more of
my face if you haven't got you something
I've got a cold and if you haven't made
a YouTube account make YouTube account
click Subscribe ru hopefully another
missile video from me so until tomorrow
thanks watching and goodbye to your
lovely face
