walk up today and was like oh yo I don't
have a t-shirt for today but then I
remember they order cloning wine so I
literally have unlimited clean clothes
yes the beautiful day in la Los Angeles
and I'm going to sit in the taxi for
next 45 minutes to go and test drive the
new 0 600 bagel today bagel place I hope
this is nothing from a microphone
not today bagel place go in some worlds
we go to Starbucks and get chocolate
milk as per usual and then then I'm
going to Champaign French patisserie
what look how it's absolutely boiling in
LA there's a fireplace in the Starbucks
have to say this is like the best uber
opinion yeah like there's decoration
there's stickers this is this is great
everything about this is amazing best
view but ever 5 stars written rating how
good you are
thank you alright so these are the
selection these are not the ones I'm
gonna get but this is like a 0 6 that's
the zero 6 and this is a 0 6 or 0 6 with
a 0 7 packaging like ceramic brakes all
that kind of stuff for it is absolutely
gorgeous so hopefully I should be able
to test drive one of these today fingers
crossed
that's what the whole point of this trip
was organized for and then check out
like costs insurance and shipping over
to the UK because the whole point
getting this car is to have it in the UK
so this is the bad boy I'm looking at
bought in white so you see that car
there that's actually a c7 not a 0-7 set
0 6 the numbers are confusing but anyway
this is basically the bad boy this is my
first time getting in little 600 my god
it is fucking beautiful it's beautiful
and the thing is they all look like
hardtop roofs but these middles can come
out so it makes it like a convertible
oh it's got all carbon fiber interior Oh
carbon fiber and chrome oh my god I'm
flapping right now national thing ooh
SD card reader two USB slots cigarette
lighter thing drive select this is a
flappy paddle so called art Mike I don't
know if I want to get autumn icon manual
fork this thing is an absolute beauty so
they've got manual and an art Mike and
hopefully I'm going to try and drive
both of them so I can make sure I make
the decision of what I want everyone I
know is everyone saying get it a flappy
paddle oh oh but a man drives a manual
so I love how the sat-nav shows your
little tiny version of the zero six that
is cute L it sounds like a beast
this thing is insane
I don't think I can take you to the UK I
have to have it in the LA
yeah felt good man you I liked it on
that one when you do rap man that's what
makes it smoother come on yeah it was so
so smooth
ridiculous absolutely ridiculous
my god
hard decision okay very hard decision
thank you very much oh well I've got
difficult decisions to make but that is
the color of the 0/6 I'm looking at get
in it's gonna be great
don't mind me just in my apartment ye
again another just what a great day - to
get open time go check out the car that
drove amazingly really really really
impressed with it but now I just have
the problem of whether I get all Mike on
manual and if I do actually get one in
the UK or the u.s. that's the decision
of choices but this this is gone my
office we're gonna get this soundproof
as hell but we need a lot of sound
proofing so I'll go try to find a
company in LA that can come an inch go
lazy with sound proofing so what I'm
gonna do is get a pretty damn swagger we
have like a desk I think just for
comfort I could have it facing the
window if I block out so it could be
really nice and spacious like this and
I'm shouting at the window but I don't
really know we're outside some of this
this way face this way I'm facing that
way so I've kind of got inside what I'm
gonna do but my ACS of there pumping out
cold air that's exactly why I got the
place these nice and cool in here I
don't feel like I'm sweating my dick off
so God everything is good in the hood
and then we're going to downtown a life
for me and with a 3bd boys so it's gonna
be sweet all right
that's it good all right and then this I
leave my keys your keys okay let's I'm a
little welcome fuckers as well oh thank
you so much I really push it up no my
genius is very good I make a video
peaceful yeah yeah not now grown up now
so this is your son yes missus this is
your son yeah
oh my gosh he's amazing
okay he's pretty good
sweet every time I get in an uber every
driver is like you like football to you
from England and I'm like who's no dude
I might just I might just start saying
I'm Australian or something just so
people don't ask me about football yeah
everyone everyone always asks oh is this
it right all right guess this is it
wicked thank you
holy fucking shit this place is gigantic
holy fuck I knew this place was gonna be
big but not this fucking big oh my days
I am literally walking around in all
this is this is like a dream place
everything here is so fucking nice even
have a rug Department
oh my god
yes this is the exact sofa I want this
is perfect
ah yes I'm so happy I think I found my
dream bed already
I hate the look but the wooden frame is
well nice yeah that's super modern I
like that that's really real trick
however this bed is really really nice
but I need to check the sizes there you
go so just like that I went in walked
out bed ordered for Monday I was going
to try and get it ordered for tomorrow
but it was like too difficult to do that
so I ended up not getting the first one
that was like oh my god it's perfect I'm
in love with it I ended up going for the
second one that I pick so still good
nonetheless perfect it is only four
o'clock and because I've been up since
no ma'am I'm so tired and now I've got
one of the meeting I'm a tired kitty cat
this is why LA fucking sucks I asked if
anyone has a fucking snack and I get
handed a piece of seaweed of this
bastard face look at it right actually
tastes pretty good in touch with Russian
yes yes amor yes picnic time at the
opposite don't a glass of coke with your
with your food no because I only all did
one currently then in the three P V 3 V
me social care limit in the 3 B DB and
now fall nearly fine I was type tired
kitty cat very tired
E LMFAO we knew it we knew it we call
Adam smuggling all these pockets of
cocaine all the time I fucking anyway
you drugged you fucking look at it this
more here the things are these these
human side splits so what it is
god damn you agents we heard the bodies
yeah but no that's a nope ah just look
at that beautiful Los Angeles be a good
man shit huh
okay what's going on I'm just a pork one
oh right if you've lived with me for so
many years I just need to tell you that
I'm a pork loin smiling smile like a
pretty princess I like what points not
like a princess I'm gonna try it on I
don't want to do this I don't want to do
this I don't like this it's all just not
right I don't know what it is I feel
like I'm in like your poor part of a
what a pile of woman you're a pork loin
Tama pork loin feel abused oh I look
like a comfy little cushion right now
but honestly today has been amazing guys
got the keys to my flat our apartment
test drove the zero six Oh must have
shout to Chevrolet Europe and us on
Twitter fucking that up to be able to do
that it was incredible I had a really
good day today just really tired
furniture side apartments I did get to
move in on Monday and hopefully get all
my furniture shifted there it's gonna be
sick in bed all that salt swag but yeah
honestly it was epic I really really had
fun today I wish I could have filmed me
driving the car but just wasn't able to
but yeah it was fucking epic don't
forget to leave a like rating let's me
know you enjoy the video let's try and
aim for a whopping 27 exact lags none
more not less okay you people and yeah
subscribe to see more of my face and I
think I really just want to call like
this channel it's called syndicate
central which isn't personal at all but
I just want to call it like the life of
Tom and his random adventures but that's
kind of a long name for YouTube but
nonetheless guys if you want to share
this adventure with me of my life with
your friends I just get up to random
random stuff I'm 22 years old and just
to cool things around the world so yeah
but most the time I just sit around
playing video games but nonetheless
thank you very much for watching you've
all been epic and showing so much love
on this channel I'd haven't gone to bed
cuz I'm a tired little kitty cat throw
thanks for watching and good bye to
your faces Oh
