it's a beautiful day here in LA and this
is gonna be one of my last days ever in
the house because I am gonna be moving
out to a new apartment soon and I will
not have a beautiful view like this
these trees are kind of growing getting
in the way but nonetheless it's gonna be
it's gonna be a good but farewell to
this amazing garden it's had fun
memories killer wasps limiting that rats
limiting this whatever the hell up into
this goddamn thing this is muzzle forces
he just left it behind when he moved out
and my trampoline that bar the garden
that died the shit tip of this like half
of this night isn't even mine but
nonetheless it's been a pleasure living
here and it's gonna be sad to say
farewell to it but it's a great day I
should totally sit outside and get a Sun
Tan but it's dead I'm staying indoors
playing rock band all day because many
lads come round me sit on you and Tucker
we're all gonna be playing rock band and
rocking our tits off for you guys on
livestream so that should be pretty epic
so we're waiting for that to happen but
before that doors I got a week said that
smuggled over from the UK go drink this
gonna wait for the house cleaner to come
round let her clean the house let her in
go clean the house then I've got to go
inside one last piece of documentation
for my new apartment and we'll hopefully
be able to start moving in either today
or tomorrow or maybe til Monday
if the bank transfer doesn't go through
your paper renders tough for ya epicness
let's get this down the road alright
yeah so I'm headed over to the apartment
now and gonna go check everything out
there got a few like bills that I need
to pay just like hook up my electricity
and stuff like that and then hopefully
talk to about decorating on the inside
which should be pretty cool alright so I
just signed it bitch first apartment in
LA so now good stuff
so again
boom how's the heart that's how it's
good
all right so we're getting set up today
to be rockin our tits up with is this
aya Jericho I there's a Jericho I I
getting ready to bite your dick off yeah
ready time yes party bags you by the way
and drums yeah zombies drums so you got
two guitars who's singing we're gonna
make mini sing yeah so I think minute
minis good as things your guitar love
someone Bey's it's could be sick just
FYI I used to when I had rock band when
I was younger I was under on himself
just saying we've got these legends just
camping in the background so hopefully
everything goes dead smooth today we're
streaming like two hours and my video
camera just loves cutting out cuz I
accidentally stopped recording oh we
thought of the best thing ever
okay wait are the drums wireless yeah
I'm gonna pick up the drums and roll
around on the floor there you're gonna
be jamming your tits up on that and I'm
gonna be drumming away on that Hilary
are you ready exciting we'll give you
the best band ever what we're gonna be
cold
oh we're so ready
beats turn up the beats yeah shout out
to the office this is how we sell to
these live streams I took my computer
out of my office we've just slammed it
here so you guys are gonna see a perfect
setup of you play the drums took on that
and then this is the chaos though it
looks like behind the scenes
why is your feet in yeah what are you
doing
what another back
my guys John your dick so suck the jam
dick I took her Jam your dick go John
your dick go the try haven't your guys
faces is incredible hi guys what say
we're just studying for this it's okay
it's good oh we've totally lost under
the sofa
oh no oh whoa ma well mom where's it
going now
um yeah it's yeah I it found its demise
they got stuck rip oh wait wait wait
that's great and there's some what the
door that's unburned so I don't wear
house at all but I just got through the
first ever syndicate meaning it's
nothing like crazy but on it I want it
to just be sweet so we got like the tag
on the side but right now I'm chilling
out kicking the dog we're doing the rock
band livestream and I just got a phone
call saying that my wire transfer went
through and the keys from my apartment
are ready so hopefully later today we
might be able to like go in there and
just sit there like this is great but
until then I've gotta go and continue on
with a live stream confirmation is now
have an apartment ah sick I'm back sorry
I just got your phone I got the keys be
ready right can you rough at all ice
cream there we go do this in the zone
calm down give it really use the base
my life is trying to get that great big
hill of hope for a destination that's
right well we're sat on a curb and this
little rat looking thing with evil eyes
just came early okay though that's not
cute that's a rat with nice that's it
they were yo can I get a get a cat for
on the rocks you wanna you wanna
francuzzi Oh what am i doing a cat on
the rocks can we just take a moment to
appreciate how good the brown bread
whatever it is pumpernickel sweet bread
whatever the hell this is team Arista
appreciates your brown bread cheese
grape actually
keep her going to keep it coming and we
will eat all of it
at virgin they're poor so took Iraqis
food you know and he's done however I
played with my food make it look like a
tsunami and made an evil face they're
only eyeballs they angry eyebrows mum
and dad you can't tell me not to play
with my that looks petrified you could
never tell me not to play with my food
because I bought it but someone meme
this is an image of the street let's go
great me what's his name mister browsing
seven hours ago it's called Vista
browsing these eyebrows are on fleek
alright so so whoever is the lot has to
pay for hello doc is my old friend so
from doing the rock band lives from
today I'm just making sure many one has
the footage for making a video all right
so you'll see his video on his channel
but I picked up this thumb drive on my
desk that I company gave me like an
event this is like a USB three super
super fast thumb drive and I figured
maybe 32 gig 64 gig I'm gonna put it in
right now I had to pull it out to check
wait oh my god
the the Friedan size of that thumb drive
is a 120 gig holy fuck you better give
me this thing back this is worth like
$300 I got a holy fucking shit mini
light just went outside so I'm gonna do
then fucking hide and I'm gonna scare
living shit out of him
oh well my hair looks fluffy is anything
right now guys but it is currently
quarter past eleven and I'm going to bet
I've can wash my voice from rock band
today it was amazing so I hope you guys
really enjoyed that if you were watching
it but I'm gonna go into bed now so make
sure you leave a like green lets me know
you know you did it you know the video
you enjoy the video and subscribe to see
more of my face also I've got to do a
shout-out to audible then they do
amazing audiobooks as you guys didn't
know I've been talking for like weeks
and weeks and weeks
about ready player one and you click
link down below and sign up you'll
actually get a month three and get I
think get to download a book immediately
so just go and do it even if you stay
for long with audible even if you don't
subscription-based service and you go
ahead and get yourself a free book going
just for free download ready player one
give it a listen it's quite a long book
but give it a listen do one of the best
things you've ever done instead of
watching Netflix or anything like that
lay in bed listen to an audiobook when
you run a long journey listen to an
audio book ready player one is one of
the best books ever so links down below
going dry it you're welcome it's free I
know I'm the best but I'm going to bed
so thank you very much for watching guys
I'm a very tired kitty cat and today has
been awesome friendship times tomorrow
going testing out the zero six Chevrolet
the car there and also possibly moving
into my apartment so fingers crossed
