d warned in the Tom seeing ticket house
we're gonna play some basketball
afterwards I'm telling that for a fact
but it is currently about 9 a.m. and I'm
awake so that's good that I've gotten a
sleep schedule side but what's bad
because that was waking on and off
throughout the entire night so I didn't
actually get that much sleep but today
is going to be it's going to everything
gets back to normal as knows craziness
going on there's no events I don't have
any real plans of action unless my dad
says we got stuff I need to do so I
think I'm gonna be set up my Nintendo
Wii U and I am gonna be getting good at
video games well all I was supposed to
do was move my care of my drive so my
dad could get down to the bottom and
work on the garden and stuff but instead
I came on a little Drive
would you just look at yeah oh oh many
beautiful much cloud ones that one cloud
just look like it's pissed off I don't
know but this this is the neighborhood
slash area that I live in it's so damn
nice am i right now I'm like a little
green lane driving around with who the
fuck's in my Weber fuck is that guy what
do you want
Oh Shi but anyway yeah this is I was
supposed to like I said just move my car
well I was like wow it's just so nice
would you just look at it just look at
it look a fucking dog this wild doges
wait what is that the DOJ's farmer shit
shit
hot damn so now that is we call adorable
saying this up today and I am going to
become the MLG mario kart 8 master I've
always deserved to be making videos on
internal games is a bit tricky because
Nintendo hey open that yo we want like
revenue off you and stuff like that and
it's just like an extra loop of effort
to go through so I don't really want to
bother uploading videos and that's s
necessarily have to but what I want to
do is stream it instead now if it's just
HDMI then I should be able to go just
plug into my computer and stream it HDMI
wise but I'm not actually Jewish or if
that is the case of cases so case
hardened one csgo will find out and then
hopefully I can maybe just Remus I'll
play Mario Kart
for like 12 hours today and do nothing
else in my life so that sounds like a
good idea leave a comment down below but
god what is going on why is my house on
fire for oh you can definitely tell them
back in like my local village because
everyone I walked past with hair like
this is like cook because they're all
like all people no offense but they are
so I'm just walking out with hair like
this it's quite it's quite amusing to
see their reactions as that I turn
around and catch them staring at me god
damn thugs this is where I feel like a
completely responsible adult I'm like
house shopping need random shit for the
house so huh
I don't know it's getting all just sucks
bought another look at some bean bags
and I wish they were in stock when I
came shopping for fucking awesome but
yeah get some more bean bags I don't
need them now I'm just checking it to
God come on micro SD card for my GoPro
because when I am driving on have my new
GoPro whatever what's called session
little fucking fun look the GoPros like
that big so I wanna have like mounted up
to my car and then you can download the
files from your GoPro onto your phone
and then I can just add it into the vlog
so hopefully we'll get that self-knowing
awesome do some driving vlog egde right
it's gonna get bin so be right back well
I've been a Nadder look and yeah there
are white kitchen bins I was hoping that
I could find something like quite nice
for my bedroom but no no that's just
fucking great just fucking great I take
it back I found something I never take
this casket looking motherfucker I take
one of them now every my room is brown
and cream so ever go for a bit wood a
bit of that that'll match my bed not
much my cabinet mmm I'm going to go for
the rustic look take the wood got its
wood
impeccable timing skills it just died
raining I told you man it looks so nice
but that water you will cloud a point
out early on today is that it's
returning so more hard get leg you
bitches as far as what I'm seeing this
camera is actually really good for it
cleve while i'm trying to do i can watch
the preview back on my phone which is
epic and to record like it doesn't
require a screen doesn't require
anything all you have to do is just
press the red button below it and it's
like boom recording so if that's the
case I might just genuinely keep this in
my car like 24/7 my boss I'm driving I'm
so not leave it in overnight or impact
or something but like if it actually
does the job and I can vlog vast amount
about and that's fucking epic because I
can't if I turn the camera when I'm
driving if I see something epic get
wicked who just got bang click it and
you can catch on camera so yeah let's
fucking test this shit we're going to
Ikea tested it out and this is how like
I make my videos I use the YouTube
creator app and I basically add all my
clips together throughout the day so
that was where we just were and then
this is the GoPro footage it looks great
it looks really really good so and
overall really happy with this on the
drive back I'll probably turn the camera
and do a bit of filming on the motorway
and yeah just see how that goes
obviously I have to be honest with this
and say like I'm not going to be driving
like ridiculously fast or stupid or
anything like that because one that's
stupid and two if I go put on at YouTube
you're most likely gonna get in trouble
so yeah it's just gonna be standard nice
driving and if I do see something
randomly funny or whatever I can just
like film it so yeah
IKEA time let's go get some fucking swag
and vice wide I mean I mean a cabinet
and I'm going to walk around IKEA and I
took provisions because I'm most like
we're gonna get lost because IKEA is a
fucking maze I found what I wanted I'm
trying to get out of Ikea now it's it's
goddamn fucking maze so we got with
numbers we know what needs to pick up
and I'm bouncing it just gets more
fucking complicated aisle 9 location 8
ok we found it we're going this way
really really look at all these boxes
see mall all these all these filled
things yeah that's the one I was coming
to collect sure cool and it fits in
absolutely perfectly
yes not gonna lie I think was fucking
heavy I throw everything back there and
then the thing in the back so all's good
time to set up back home I look so look
I'm neon white time self home and build
IKEA Finch I just had to carry the whole
bike through Heights of fucking stairs
because the elevator wasn't working
she's just shitty fucking christ are you
out like you have to be having some sort
of sick joke the one day I decide to get
a GoPro and put in my car I'm now stuck
for the next 10 minutes behind this
scaffolding company which is clearly
gonna break and all these things are
gonna come fly off and go through my
fucking window like this is this a joke
still not died and I've decided I'm
gonna give this guy a bit of fucking
distance so if the spears do come flying
towards me to crash through my fucking
skull
at least I'll have some time to react
not here I have found a wild Doge in its
natural habitat you can see this dog is
on the brink of the edge near some
barbed wire near its eyeball trying to
eat grass just gonna say that's probably
not a good idea
also that's someone's license plate get
fucking wrecked your owned lololololol
or more making my my garden what the
fuck is doing gone right now that can
simply not make its mind up right now
it's like the nicest day ever looks so
nice the fight is gone out the weather
is beautiful and either way I'm still
selling inside playing video games so
doesn't really matter to me so haha take
that you bitch you bitch ass weather now
this is what I call a win bitches watch
this really got the boost off the drift
took over third and second and took the
first bitches hmm go on lad
shows what you've got or can and then
show it how the 7-foot basketballs is
that that's this is that the proper
height Jesus Teddy fucking Christ that's
high right so this is not a murli's my
back window but can you see the
impression of the bird
that's it i but like my dad's despite
this alright i saw a bird end of the day
messing about and these birds for some
fucking reason I'm coming nibbling
they're coming they're coming just
fucking nibble in the side of my things
like my windows like so you have to take
the whole window out and replace the
rubber seal look they fucking nibble all
of it we have no idea why they're doing
it but they're doing it so you better do
something about it then jump in all the
windows yes partly yeah and then they
say and then they think yeah it's
another bird in the wind so like I have
no idea what the fuck is going on what
the fuck is going on guys help me help
me got to get a goddamn scarecrow my
number one problem about being in the UK
more than anything and this might sound
so random but is that I don't get to be
in the States working on game stuff
which is kind of disappointed like we've
got dead realm out and I want to be like
working on it and improving and doing
loads of like cool new things with it
bought oh I can't be there it sucks but
I'm gonna try my best while I'm in the
UK till I can keep on top of it under
stay involved so it's time to move the
car back on the drive because now we're
dad's gone Oh Bay's sobei right now I do
really like this car a lot of people
like were like you got an Audi TT I'm
like yes have you seen it it's fucking
beast it's like an Audi RA is a fucking
garbage car don't get me wrong
would you really think I'm gonna go and
get an Audi r8 as a first car but yeah
I'm 22 years old what people ask me to
like Tom why didn't you go drivin and I
was like I don't really personally know
I just never got the time to get around
to go doing driving lessons or anything
but oh no I got my license now the Sun
is setting this is the beautiful sunset
I get every single night in my house
which is awesome sort of saying she's
self fucking noise mate don't fuck wait
need to make some videos in the night
time now would you just look at that
would you just look at that view
plane if you could do me a favour of
fucking off right now that would be
marvellous you bastard but look at that
year I'm gonna try and zoom into that
cloud because it looks can you see it I
tried to stop wobbling
like a mini little nooks gone up in the
sky but oh my god this is gonna be
wrapping up my day right now and I just
want to say just what Kermit oh I took a
screenshot so I'm gonna be rapid on my
day now guys because I'm gonna go
upstairs make nap doin tote and zombies
video and try and get passed around like
what 906 or whatever the hell the low
round I got to was but I'm gonna go and
try and beat that this wool that looks
sick it's like a perfect reflection oh
my god that is beautiful I'm definitely
glad to take a photo of that I'm so
turning into my dad my dad my entire
life has always been like would you look
up you just look at it Tom
what could it Alice I mean how's it been
like yeah fuck off and but now I've
grown up and I'm always like just look
at it but I've got to spend my time
building this shit can't be asked but go
do it gotta be built gonna be doing
unless I just leave it like dad can you
do it tomorrow and so I got build IKEA
furniture and that's gonna wrap up this
video so make sure you leave a like
rating and subscribe and the reason I'm
going to set a target okay for like
ratings we've got on this channel an
average of like 200,000 viewers I will
try and see if each vog we can hear a
20% target of the viewers to like rating
so that means a 20.per shit a 20% a 20%
well let's wait let me do math real
quick 20 per second no let's do it time
here at 25 percent average each video so
if you're watching this right now you're
on your phone or you're on your computer
whatever click that like rate and if
you're watching like 50 percent of you
watch without being logged into a
YouTube account log into a YouTube
account then you can like it cuz I want
to see if like what views I don't really
care about like saying like are we get
10 views video ever but like this
consistently always 200,000 like viewers
watching these vlogs so I want to see if
we can try and smash 25 25 percent of
that viewership in light rain so let's
see if we can hit 50,000 light Britons
on a vlog let's try I want to see if we
can be the beast syndicate army that we
are and try and smash 50,000 right like
rains a vlog if imagine if we could do
that every single day it doesn't do
anything for the video it doesn't Bend
or anything but it's just nice to see
the engagement from you guys cuz I'm not
I don't really do anything to like get
you guys to say anything in the comments
I've tracked usually just like point out
your like favorite moment on your newest
thing or anything like that and I do try
to respond to comments but if you guys
can do that let's try and beast it out
and see what we can get to and I'm going
to take a view to a view to a view to a
view so I'm just made up a word I'm
going to take a view toe of that
beautiful view for via photo over there
so subscribe to see more of this purple
random face leave a like rating and
goodbye to you fabulous people and yeah
titties titties titties
