day 3 of Eurogamer my voice is pretty
much gone and I've decided that the
success front facing camera isn't that
much more impressive than 600 s let's
get this day on the road it's gonna be
the busiest yet let's do it so every day
there's a van at half 12 a bit on stage
at YouTube event you know do a sardine
that sort of stuff so today Seth to
sleep in till like eleven o'clock
because I was like not doing anything to
housewhat of nope turns out I do turns
out items okay supposed to be on stage
at a whopping half eleven great I like
how I walk in the event and to walk
instead of checking my bands I just go
yeah one of these Barry who like okay I
guess it's got that many what it has to
be the one that does the right thing
let's get today started ah look at these
people at this big did you know this guy
so you guys know that I love it when
people make butter at all this you might
recognize his style this is all Darcy's
up on Twitter okay cuz it gasps he's a
tiger for this it's just a see I meant
Darcy a year ago yea yea year ago and
she's like 50 now absolutely she brings
me all the artwork so I get to keep
people I just say thank you for
everything but she's wearing a syndicate
original gold digga she'll only 311
world and because she makes such good
fun I made sure we hooked up with some
free swag said asset keep on making what
you do always make sparkles look bad we
hate you sparkles mean does he hate you
okay maybe she doesn't hate you but
she's awesome okay I'm not one to judge
what you guys look like but if you look
like that you're gonna get a swift kick
in the dick all right hey all right
terrifying i'm gonna nightmares tonight
so like I said about signing weird
things this guy this guy and this guy
what did I sign for you guys last year
on the mold of watermelon a watermelon I
said what what am i signing this year
what's another school animal skulls got
penis on her penis butternut squash and
a bow smart this is the shit I go
through to you guys also just wanna say
there's only two thousand shirts the
world swag ah funds do bring me some
weird stuff events look at this so you
got his case customized with my face why
not would you do this
different college instead of doing work
yep and that's your education down the
damn time damn son just got finished
with being restyling so for that guy
okay this makes it his face this place
is getting bolt upon probably bought at
a good time on stage is good met light
loads people for hours and hours and
hours and outstanding over to my boo do
sometimes we just put this guy teammates
unlike the merriment just so looking for
all fabulous God I will go check oh so
good luck has no idea to you the little
burst of a massive selfie train okay so
I'm gonna shower else right this Jonah
say hello to the blog
ah let the selfie train begin c300 in
the world there's one of them Luis owns
it you my friend have a limited edition
swag just got done with that hours of
that like two hours of non-stop signings
and bows I love it I honestly I I come
to these vents literally want me to do
that that's awesome cause my own life
you guys got like a boner o people o
media I'm not going I'm now going free
soon became it I'm gonna use you today
just do some cool stuff so I'll catch
you guys on stage i'm here with
chipmunks and chipmunks you've got
somewhat secret shores for my one and
only favorite internet troll show us
show us hi keemstar this is for you i
love you you little fuck boy and stay
sexy like behind the scenes looking swag
this book Mike Mike Mike top is how we
do that's how we do in the his app and
best known better best care oh yeah you
want to go in again happy best hair
youtube not by all time goes to his hair
he wins the award best hair of YouTube
shot
Oh everyone you're in the book yeah boys
oh yes fuck i absolutely love cosplay
like i just put that in the video this
is absolutely epic i finally for the
first time this event able to get some
food and a bump into these girls from
denmark and not only they british
biscuits are Denmark this game tonight I
got biscuits all the way from Denmark to
go in the chips and this tall
motherfucker over there saying hello so
thank you for the bus because I
appreciate it hey fulfiller chips done
oh sorry I was really awkward i was
doing that for so long hey guys yeah
look at these guys you were you one of
the rows what's in them hello yeah hey
look oh yeah I row on your forehead will
sorry about that hello hello dress hello
no roof or chicken burgers bowled over
let's put that down hello to your face
although I don't know how you doing I
don't you filming me it's blowing me
hello hello hello hello and this is the
swaggy crew of playing video games for
the next hour with so let's Judas oh
yeah yeah Nick the dick it's still
talking to me what do you even want
looking for my sister I mean neighbor
neighbor Ellis hey day three is a wrap
hull still got energy I have no idea
what's going on mover Luther move the
syndicate how'd it go busy carefree 18
Thank Thursday it's been awesome much
swag many well India I leave house today
now Nick how was the day Nick the dick
it was also loads of streaming with this
dude as well um twitter / races it
played some games I actually play some
games oh really what's the game I've not
played on I played guitar hero rock band
singing in front of my god I miss that
hello de tomorrow battlefront just cause
okay okay okay I get it he's gonna play
all the girl with me plays magazines or
you think the say has it been looking
epic just look at that hair which is
just look yeah and I hey know what I
would actually go dark red like that I
am NOT going ginger for anyone asking
that doesn't classes ginger that classes
is red that is actually a redhead not a
redheaded ginger okay
yo this area stings of fucking shit oh
my god is it awful it actually stinks
that bad babe it does smell like gone
off milk with Russia shit all over it
just got back to the hotel just show
that how to drink and these sneaky
little buggers over here where you
hiding over here he's in now in the bog
he's the bog adhesive ugh this on my
cock from the other day you realize were
in the same what's out there yeah well
we're in the same hotel and now we're in
the same video it's all right oh my date
one stop the video my mom is so damn
funny like what is it Adele moms satin
scary big dress cost me an Indian laid
out and she just a rough winter tips
love see people smile evasion oh that
food I just did was absolutely delicious
I had a Gavin steak oh yeah why cuz i
check my hand if I do my blog could you
do it oh wait oh oh just like he's a
bald man Oh all I'm saying is squad
girls on time Karen the crew Alice
pavement finger goes bald man on about
the day
the legend playing hot stuff let's go
see love you know hey don't go naked hi
how you doing you're not taking ready I
know you know what's going on right now
say say say five words of motivation for
open I never later you're awash dust
dust is good yeah it's been fronting
y'all from fucking bananas Hoonah a
gleaming in the Bahnhof it's been lovely
lumpy I like love we're leaving lovin I
am woman if I am lonely my love I am
love life I love love this is story time
about me go by tonight thought I think
fairly good to see Bradley came I'll she
said exactly the same like it's time
talking all night all he was doing is
talking in his sleep all Oakland I'm
nine next minute he's like this so bad
um I'm gonna use the box i'm giving a
fear i'm here some cheesy chick I mean
Mike are you joke you like what a
fucking about little look over and he's
out there oh all right live in
pretending to drink and pine and eat
some cheesy chips in the middle of the
night up o clock in the morning like I'm
on top serious like someone no sleep for
two nights out because of you know she
just needs of you and cheesy chips is
gypsum I've actually I've actually woke
up halfway through the night midway with
Miami like that hugging an imaginary
person i have about ready like taking a
thousand like last night I was like I
was in the state of awakeness and sleep
this like I was just at all i could
imagine doing which being like yeah he
had a good time you enjoy the event all
right good sweetie let's get a selfie
and I could just all I could think about
was just the routine of reading funds I
prominent like 3,000 people's event
since on my mind is just special my
minds
I mean I was totally gonna pass out and
just kill to bed but instead me and Nick
and paste magazine we're going to catch
up with Rupert the guy owns you're a
gamer for a quick beverage and just to
chat see how everyone's doing so next up
there Brian Hayes movie Oh Darin I'm not
called down right oh it's cuz you're
both bald oh uh we made it see told you
crowne plaza hotel meeting up with the
owner of your a-game I also name is
Rupert because Rupert is a legend so
going any ever else but Nick the very
nice man not Nick the dick don't con
that as well as those magazines go and
catch up with them under which see how
things go ahead probably won't last too
long time a very tired man and this is a
response until over here oh go fuck
yourself Nick this makes so much sense
right now best cleaning machine right as
blazes is it's time to get a snack oh
sorry I was talking to my camera here
like this is ladies I'd get a goddamn
snack I don't care I'm starving there's
good as food with food here with the
hotel is amazing but this just looks
like heaven right now so I'm good go for
twix and go to bed
