I ain't gonna be taking part and
probably the coolest sponsored
livestream I have ever ever done in my
life now you might be like Tom what the
hell is going on and I don't want to
spoil it for you guys but what I'm
saying is six if you're watching this
vlog right now it was late I apologize
about this but tomorrow 6 p.m. the
livestream will start and I am taking
part in no joke like one of the coolest
things I've probably ever done in my
life and you guys like you guys get to
interact and control it via twitch and
it will be starting 6:00 p.m. tomorrow
on Twitch so if you're watching this
right now do not if you're anywhere in
the world try and get on my twitch
twitch TV for our syndicate at 6 p.m.
tomorrow and do not miss out it's gonna
be one of the coolest things you have
ever seen
yep so to just absolutely bombard it
with your guy's face you straight blam
but I only just found out that I'm
allowed to let you guys know about it so
I could tell you exactly what it is and
they were like your girlfriend I'm like
I'd rather not just because it's so cool
all I'm saying is if you like things
being blown up you like real-life
explosions and you like twitch at being
able to control things you know what you
like twitch chat your goddamn trolls
then you will not want to miss out on
one of the most amazing experiences ever
6 p.m. twitch TV 4 star syndicate
tomorrow that being the second of
December be there be square do not miss
out you will absolutely love it and if
you are part of the height ball you know
what I'm talking about
bring the hype and I love me some so
knows and today is a nice last day we're
getting motivate is 10 o'clock in the
mine and we get out of here
sort of choice today is no pants but I'm
gonna be wearing the white original yes
I did wear the black yesterday but today
we're wearing the Wyatt rights to deal
with it I don't swim need to learn how
to package there's things better
all this box this entire huge box just
for one foam sword what what I hope it
up the rest of them and I'm pretty sure
you could have fit everything into one
it came with a bottom a chef's towel
thing and that that's it that was the
whole thing they could have fit that all
in one but now I have about three
cardboard boxes so much random junk in
here like I've got like snowboards lying
around over there got my like hockey
jerseys at Razer keyboards epic escape
watch charts my boy suede
I'm sucked ready to go for charity if
you don't even get me started about
what's the ponies how you
how you guys been doing not seeing not
seeing you in a sweet minute other units
here that I was supposed to like get
bill
I've got bloody segues that I need to
get rid of just so much random junk that
I've collected over the years of being
out in LA living with like Tucker and
then living on my own there's just so
much random I've not really been
out in LA I mean a lot of people like
John what's going on why you know I
would know what's going on of you are
you know out in the country like what's
happening no I've been totally allowed
in the country like everything's fine
there's no there's literally no drama
stopping me from being in this country a
lot of people like toms on the room from
America and I was like currently sat in
America in June when people were saying
that and I was like no your conspiracy
theories of rebalancing as though I'm
right goddamn here but I've not been out
for LA in LA in absolutely forever and
the simple reason why is a good good
friend for me like having this apartment
is awesome because like you know like
when I come out to LA even for foreign
for work for whatever if I'm just like
you know using it as a stepping stone to
fly to LA pack up my bags and they say
fly off to Vegas for something or just
anything like that
it's the perfect table this this
apartment serves its purpose perfectly
but I come in through that door for once
it's clean I've got all my socks like
you saw yesterday like everything it's
ready to sleep in like all my clothes
are ready to be packed I've got my suit
like you know backpacks suitcases in the
room I got socked everything ready to go
for like snowboarding like hike in
anything like party onesies suits for
events this place acts like the perfect
hub for my like in-between event so
rather than me as you saw flying over
was suitcase like this I didn't actually
need to bring it but it been that long
since I've been out here I didn't know
what I had out here if I didn't clean
clothes if I had to place friends nah
turns out I left it exactly the way I
want it to return to it so go tom other
thing is like now I've got my girlfriend
oh sorry no wife no ties and commitments
and now that how do you have
ties and commitments like I don't need
to be up in here so the smart decision
is I'm gonna be getting rid of the
apartment I know it sucks it's been the
perfect of everything that needed it for
what I probably get rid of the apartment
move all my gaming streaming equipment
down to three BD because we got tons of
space down there South like brand-new
beautiful beautiful live streaming like
gaming room like for guests to be able
to use if they come into the country as
well sorry I'm squinting in the Sun is
so bright reflects on my Facebook then
I'll have myself there that I can play
on so that eliminates that problem of
not having somewhere to live stream and
then I'm not tied down to one location
for always staying I can stay in hotels
everywhere so one trip we could all go a
work should I stay in there like have a
boat with you guys like should I stay in
the city or should I like stayin Malibu
on the beach or something like that you
know I proper mix it up each time so
it's been a fun chapter living my life
the way you have so far but living a
life perhaps so far at the moment ball
well we'll see what happens next it's
gonna take some time to get organized I
got a lot of my office I definitely
feel like a la basic bitch I'm gonna I
got my video attic
instead ready to start my day tastes
like as well right surprisingly
only took me like 15 minutes to get here
that's a win I can feel the door
vibrating I could feel the floor vibrate
in hello friend hello hello hello I
could feel the floor vibrating and
creaking this is solid your presence
your presence is so solid guess I didn't
get the memo about bringing a Mack punch
shall I get people love it welcome if
it's a guy
that was a long gasp meeting we walked
in that room but like half past twelve
it's a what time is it now Luke we will
be there for four hours I would have
eaten we talked about three different
games which super stoked about one of
them's like really funny really stupid
but we'll just kill it with the
community and then to a massive like
passion projects a mind so I'm excited
to do it you're excited Luke so so it so
excited Wow
so excited Luke I'm excited so I can say
now we're having another meet in about
more games so to do this you got stuck
in this office you don't even get up
dude you get this bitch-ass desk awful
sofas in the background and I feel free
man sorry this is probably one of the
most effed up videos I've ever seen I
don't think this and look so the skewer
light comes behind in so this guy
suspect him what's going on he's got
like a $40,000 watch
so he's like nah screw this goes in
between him thinks he's smart then they
go there so I was like oh hell no the
try stealing his watch off him it's up
four four four skewers two guys in each
so he runs off and look they run over
him and he run over his leg and then he
literally is like crawling to get into
his car it's like there's one of the
most up things I've ever seen
but like this happens in July I thought
parently this was that the statistic was
this was happening like 54 like there's
his car
Asli matter whatever it is like this
repress it push it was happening like 54
times a day like the pull up near people
and Robin that's there I think all is
that mastermind yeah look literally
crawling away with a broken leg still
messed up oh so cute you and Luke is
that when you live together the office
that was a hell of a day
holy like like there's so much
going on that I can't tell you guys
about well like the game stopping proper
stepping it up now and I just had like
my first my first ever meeting where I
like got to sit down with like a massive
crowd of people and be like right this
is the game we are gonna make
and it sounded really good so very very
excited this is what it's like to be
back in our way
it is a hundred percent a hundred
percent that bad not the worst damn will
be through this in like five minutes ten
minutes I feel like I feel like I should
Tommy's doors kind of missing quick stop
by Luke's place say hello to his wife a
drop-off Ishrat and then we're going up
food I thought they were gonna meet up
with some old school homies so you guys
be happy I need that like music Logan
Paul plays when he's dog runs away
that's music what needs to play with not
dog runs away you have a telephone box
in your house and a DJ booth you have a
goddamn DJ booth in your hat your PJs
you can wait is that killed bill song
yeah
wait which one play it no it's your
house let alone a telephone books okay
first of all I'm excited for food
secondly that is one of the dopest
entrances I've ever seen that is that's
so sick you don't smash that window holy
 I like those good timing I was just
about to blog the ceiling and I was like
oh my boy how long is that taken a
month you know I digress this year than
you gonna say myself I'm having a
terrible bit of mustache book yes I do I
should have soaked with you and
you didn't know that was my phone number
I should have with you you didn't
know it's my phone number
good to see you bro I know this is
really awkward
I already lost it's like a cow on how
the there's not a button
right now it's probably that's fine so
I'll be able to try to pick this up with
these yeah we did that turn it around oh
it's the hi Joe I think you can't table
like literally make my life more
difficult he did it yeah but he did it I
really want to go back and watch the
original video YouTube okay listen no
you're not grabbing it by them it's like
a child
I should he tried it spill yeah he's
only had one big he don't need cutting
off he's already German well done right
York you have to clean this up now
because they've already don't want have
you seen tonight
lookout biggies no not a sideways look
no turn around Dave
like I can't believe I've known you this
many years and it wasn't until the
previous event and always there is that
what we know is there kinky boots yes
what even is this
now when the light when the Lightning's
not quite there I have to turn the flash
on and blind people are you singing the
song that's that's what the light feels
like so you're taking to know you're
taking part in No Shave November
Movember so this is this took you four
months because you get to shave you up
tomorrow so you shave this off shave
this at the Salomon and never since what
about you I don't even know three so
let's see the foremost - look at me look
at me well you always oh yeah that book
is good right how long did that take you
to go 2 days boy and then mine mine
took bit this is a fish the 30 days to
grow this
from there I shaved at the start of the
bum it's now the moment for that 30 days
is that bad yeah you guys mango
shaved up I feel like we're being
sidewalk frozen water right now looks
like we're being sold frozen water will
be so first of all how much money are we
paying for like ice event melon we're
being sold frozen milk man I can't this
is false this is fake you've raised a
gun on a spring roll snake row banana
with cinnamon and vanilla ice cream
really
not good this is awesome no I guess this
is all got some capital he does not look
impressed you like it you're crazy
thank you by the out daughter it's it's
nice but it's just like bird bird bird
women women talk about their children
there
I never had a bangle music all hey
Sophie and bead at Sophie we just
exchanged that I have Scottish folds in
booking its Bengal cat oh my god that is
exact you do that isn't it elegant yeah
I was torn between Bengal and he's got
you scald what I was like man that's
just some bitch-ass cat no offense New
York I was like that's just a cat yeah
it's just a peso Empress Kush Steve in
the cats I'm gonna add them could soon
now so Olivia Thank You penny be good if
you're watching this Bob some reason
like monsters scary
does your brother wow this is so
intrigued by him I already know what
you're doing he's going I have to work
to chase the stream good job Joe video
pleasure as always
I'm very nice to come in Liddy would
love to me honestly we're gonna have to
get together just make some memories
because my wife is dying to meet you
Nami that toilet opened itself up
already I wanted to surprise
Oh push folks hey I don't got the gum
inside ID okay wait wait wait let's took
her let's took her easygoing feel
because we're going to we're going to
next flat am I going in there are we all
going to that you come with us okay from
the dirt a flower must grow that's such
a pretty dope right took his bringing us
the snake pit whilst working outside
whilst the that the guy on the door is
watching you how did I God no oh I
decide I realized if you go in the car
okay Oh
solder it's hotter you guys light revved
us but we're back oh my god taxi
wait why are we even here did you choose
this place it already smells like heaven
what happened to the auto screws here
did business go down they move ha ha ha
oh my god bored ramen visit literal
homemade tatsu pork broth with eleven
ball degrees not timid served the seven
suck bad egg
the best food never already in LA say
this right now how entertaining is
doctor disrespect is the best how long
have you known doctor disrespect yes
yeah what do you think doctor this
respect would one
Bulbul right Balram and spices ROM and
you can have the answer the answer is
the chemist then what what kind of what
kind of rice would he want
I don't say no cilantro the best ramen
bowl of ever had in the past twelve
months like bull ramen ramen ramen yes
some really good food in there hey we
were ready to rock and roll oh he's
ready to rock on road what I I have my
key to get into my apartment but my
phone battery died so I have no way to
get in touch with my apartment landlady
this phony battery needs to get charged
right now before I get caught off yes
but what basically ends up happening was
like my phone battery died but my love
lady said she'd hide me a key somewhere
Mikey wasn't where it was supposed to be
so I had to wake my landlady up and she
was like what and I was like yes fine
about this but you said you Mikey was
gonna be here it wasn't here it is what
it is and lo and behold I'm now in bed
might I say Mikey and I am ready to go
to sleep so thank you very much watching
for today's vlog if you did enjoy it
make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. to the next day vlog it until
then I'm gonna pass out and just hope
there's a blog uploads itself to YouTube
so until then thank you very much for
watching I love your faces and I saw B
Haas goodbye
