you just look at that Bannister oh yeah
look at that
oh that's Venice as Venice then as
they're nice we don't care about the
view anymore it's been drag racing in
that field those with that in the JCB
but look at it oh this looks great
is it what are you doing what are you
doing drag racing
did you watch swim pool you bye guys
yeah nice bike but I know it looks like
a dirt pack do it and I see you went
drag racing and JCV is that we did so
irresponsible
I can now every photo I ever take of
this sunset just consists of you guys in
my Instagram comments just being like
would you look at that view it's like
we've started like a mini trend but dad
my dad has no idea the legacy that he's
gonna leave behind with the whole would
you just look at that view would you
just look at that bay its furniture
shopping time at one of the most
expensive places in Manchester bought
unfortunately it's the only best place
to get all good stuff from so time to
try and find your dining table at
Stockton's is that not the trickiest
looking furniture ever it's not shiny I
love it but I don't like it that much
I'm looking for someone like this for my
bar but are you even serious I'd rather
sit on piece of paper my problem is I
need a table that is realistically oval
like this boy I don't want a glass table
and the reason why I don't want a glass
table is one you can look through the
table
so if a woman's wearing a short skirt
you can see to it it's just kind of like
not a comfortable feeling for the woman
if she sat down even though all modern
tables are glass it's just I don't know
if I can agree with it but I need an
oval one for the shape of the room just
to make it feel nice and smooth but if
you want to know something this chair
this chair on its own that's 1,200
pounds all right I think I found my
table I think this is the one this with
a black base
with dark smoky black glass top these
chairs in black what do you think you
like it I think it'd be good I was
deciding whether or not to get this
chair of them chairs but I think that
look absolutely triggers chips you can't
that is eight comfortably yes we're
taking that that's what I want and I've
decided that this is the ultimate pimp
chair ever to just sit back and chill
and just look at that view so I'm taking
that one as well if that's not the way
this table you've never seen I don't
know what is these are real butterflies
and bugs just chilling in the table like
they're specifically grown just for this
table
what what is this oh my god this is the
gold version of that chair that I'm
getting don't get me wrong
it looks pimp as fuck but gold just
doesn't fit in the house anywhere but
black and gold is my favorite color
combination how confuse it oh that's so
fuckable well it was a whole liver
pocket bought it's something that I'm
gonna have for the rest of my life a
dining table with a set of chairs and
stuff so I'm so honestly out of
everything I've got in the house I'm
probably more excited to column bought a
dining-room table because I didn't have
one last time
last Christmas like I didn't order it in
time for Christmas I did another one I
just couldn't find the right one it was
driving me crazy so the fact that I've
gone in and found something that I just
won and he's there it's made me so
fuckin happy like you know my house like
you know my brick walls at the front I
was looking for that stone for the front
of that house for a year and a half and
I finally found it and now my house is
perfect so now that I found a perfect
dining table my house is gonna continue
to be perfect it have everything in it
at one this is my dream home I'm working
hard for it look the way I wanted to so
happy you know I don't care Willy Rex
gets shy of his license plate doobie ah
yeah 8 KX Jack's Willie yes I am
literally going to piss myself hey I was
like rather peckish or decided golden
Phoenix time food I'm starving
it's chips and some solid shot yep so
I'm checking Pat - checking pattern
pieces this place is the best Chinese
place to go to take away don't do
delivery but they do take away the best
place ever together when we eat Chinese
go here if you are in red brick also pay
well I was totally meant to vlog me
showing you what this song for the
chicken pieces is that I get all the
time poor I accidentally ate all of it
before I got home all right
I am absolutely loved you guys know what
Karen want and here is the exhaust
oh well I finally gave him I finally
went to go light my light might let my
my guns
my my my John's I went got a late night
McDonald's bought it was a good trip
because every time I go to my dogs at
night I always ask is daddy in daddy big
would my one of my old all good friends
were always is a fun pack because you
guys know playing runescape at the
moment my old skip even he used to play
that so much more than memes like 99
fuckin everything he was when he got me
into it but I just went and spoken got
chatting to him a bit about runescape
and all that sort of shit boys right now
8 minutes past 12:00 I'm eating this and
I'm in the bay and basically I'm doing
the whole real-life Mario cat thing
again so I should totally go and drop my
car off at home and just play video
games instead of doing it in real life
but I like driving it's really nice put
some tunes on some chill beats and just
relax
at least I got one healthy thing for my
dogs a bottle of water so you can't say
I'm not looking after myself if I'm
drinking water well you've seen it all
when you're driving along a country road
you look to your right there's a fucking
boat you know when you're like wow I
really feel like a deer right now and
you go to pour yourself a bitch and
that's all that's happening I ran out of
beer luckily I own a bar I finally did
it today has been such a good day it's
4:30 in the morning ok I've been making
videos uploading them playing csgo
in-between I'm like literally gots a
point now with runescape I'm like ok get
into the next level of any skill will
take fucking hours don't wanna do it so
now now I think I've got finally
runescape out my system so I'm back into
playing csgo and finally after winning
three games I've just right - this is
the passion of a gamer right now I just
got gold Nova 3 I look I'm golden over -
for so damn long
you have no idea but finally gold Nova
three totally know you guys are all
gonna be high ranks to me but I really
do not care I'm so happy I found my
dining table today that I wanted and I
got to go a little 3 fuck yes what a day
and like the thing is I need to start
streaming this more and more and more
but like
right lower my sensitivity I'm getting
like I'm learning tips and tricks and
shit like from videos and like listening
to summit like he was like dude Laurie
says Tipitina's like now I don't need to
but I load it and I just fucking kicked
ass that game so yes today's a good day
today is a good day I got my god damn
fucking kit diving table and going over
30 yes so enter guys I'm just saying
this right now nothing has happened all
day other than me go and doing that shit
so I'm gonna wrap today's vlog hope you
guys enjoyed it leave a like rating if
we can for golden over three let's try
it
30,000 white cranes I've got to do if
you're on your mobile device tap it out
a big screen and click the like button
on top of the top you'll see the thumbs
up click that thumbs up boom guys at
least a rank like rain really appreciate
you support the channel and stuff and
subscribe you'll see more of my face
every single day so until tomorrow
thanks for watching and fuck fucking
yeah me either kitchen table
