good morning will today is the day of
days it's a sneaky day where I look
bright red but the sneakiness is gonna
happen now I'm still not gonna tell you
what it is until we get there boy it's
gonna be epic it's a surprise that no
one expected and I'm excited and I need
a haircut that songs it's so damn hot
today it's ridiculous before today is
the day that it's just it's a very
random way that this came about but it's
gonna be totally worth it and that
everyone's gonna be like one deaf fuck
and I'm just like why the hell not this
is everyone you know yeah and this is
and this is God honey trust is gonna be
so real right now
what do you want to do this mix these
two together for the sides and then tear
this up the route it invite you to front
here divided dreams I don't know let's
get crazy it's not too much there's no
going back now this is it this is what
we're in yeah there's no turning back
this is because someone someone donated
a thousand dollars it was like go purple
and someone donate $10,000 and said go
blue so I went blue so now I'm going
purple for that person so whoever you
are wherever you are this is for you
that's good I let that lightness sit on
the very ends and then when I see that
turning blonde and I'm going to saturate
through because your scalp has lots of
heat yep and it's automatically gonna
okay one faster okay so ready the detail
is so real right now the bleach the
bleach is in and yeah I forgot this i
forgot the smell of it and it's like
burning my nostrils but hey I've got a
beer
so everything everything is good Artie's
poop smells like berries too oh yeah
maybe I don't know anything this will
have a final package soon right what so
regardless of me having a show a couple
my head this device this is like war of
the world it is like War of the Worlds
right yeah yeah whoa what's going on
well that's really hot but we don't know
it is getting like what is going on this
is what makes it work okay all right I'm
fine with that right this is this is
still happening are you scared I'm so
scared are you excited that I'm so
excited I've got all faith in you all
right all right 110 percent place right
oh shit guys we're back this is yeah
this this is now a thing again just
casually walking around where this swag
right now let's continue all right we're
saying goodbye to the bleach in the hair
but I'm gonna be extremely white guy
what have you done to me it said purple
not white but we're going in for like it
it is really white look at that that is
really what I think we should keep it we
should keep wait no you gotta you gotta
you've got a job to do yeah oh shit
don't you guys sit over here like set of
letters laugh at me alright what have I
committed myself to ah well this isn't
this is not hair dye this this is
shampoo right purple shampoo perfect
shampoo so that this is this may be like
an example of what I'm gonna look like
kind of hahaha I have no idea what it
regardless it is what it is
and we're gonna go in purple there's no
going back now otherwise I'm staying
bleached blonde forever guy you've
ruined my hair what have you done I have
we're taking the yellow yeah we're
taking the lr and then I'm going purple
self yeah right on brick no idea what's
good for well I'm already somewhat
purple yes hahaha
that was that was shampoo that's not
gonna die that's not even the stuff
they're about to pop I'm like yeah
that's like a lavender I feel like I
look like my dad cuz I'm kind of great
yeah get rekt out your sister on Windows
drunk oh shit yes I'm getting a look at
what I'm gonna look like in about 30
years time when I'm gray look at that
that's pretty cool huh that's kind of
really scary that I look like my dad
right now it's kind of awesome what was
along we'll go purple
you
and yep this is this is as purple as it
gets the thing guy you've done a good
job and your guys color is pretty damn
insane all right
very very purple so we're gonna bag it
up baguette always always bag it and
then what should I get you gotta work
for tech yeah always wear protection I'm
then gonna go in a heat treatment mode
yes back to that and there's beef they
were set and I think we wash it out
after that yes I don't talk about I've
done it's not my first rodeo for setting
your other safe oh shit the alien I
wanna world
yes that is blue very very bright purple
fucking love it
Oh oh my god that is a hell of purple I
love it is awesome I really like that
it's still wet I actually really really
like that that is epic that is Effie I'm
gonna dry it off and I'll show you guys
in a second but that is fucking sweet
this turned out so fucking good like
well genuinely better than I could ever
respect so again massive shout I'll put
all the stuff down below for you to be
able go check my attic box and guy over
here like this guy but you're honestly
thank you for this guy's because of
these two they hooked up the opportunity
for this to happen and no one I know
knows of this like it's genuine genuine
like 100% secret and surprise so you
guys like the first to ever see this and
it's gonna be fucking epic and I get me
you guys I 55 this is what you get to
expect you know the hair is done it
looks absolutely ridiculous guy high
five yeah Arctic box thank you so much
for hooking it up fight cell this is
absolutely epic and massive shout-out to
whoever it was we don't know your name
but whoever donated that thousand
dollars to get my hair purple I finally
did it three months later but massive
yeah thank you can't wait see you guys
at five like I said and let's go and see
what everyone it 3d thinks of the hair
because they have no idea about this and
I'm ready to rock it so yeah these two
rotor legends absolute legends honestly
I cannot thank these guys enough
absolutely epic so now it's time to go
and see everyone else
this holy fucking hair Batman what have
you done to yourself
that was the reaction I was looking for
well that was the reaction I was
definitely looking for from this guy
fucking look at this mini motherfucking
beast not mini look how fucking purple
it is exactly it's like all purple like
it's so fucking purple no one else knows
what it looks like so I'm trying to hide
it what what happened
this is it this is the shit this is the
surprise no I won't come up with that
right oh oh fuck with the footage it's
so purple in it dude no it's in this is
just gel that's not the paint like it
well this won't come off this will not
go and look at it he did not know he
wouldn't I would not tell him if all day
yeah everybody furger wow this is this
is the change
no one knew no wonder this guy nobody
fucking knew honey like it very purple
very verbal apps I like just oh fuck
what the fuck happened to you did you
not see it
oh I thought you sorry I'm gonna watch
it I'm watching hey girl I fell over in
a bucket of chemical paint oh please
I did get like one of them gnomes and
little tiny gnomes good dear yeah look
at this just looking at Rubin yeah
things are like this easy like this yeah
yeah yeah Harry so fucking ride oh look
at this man we're going for the men I am
but them zombie ass titties zombie ass
teeth so we're going for my last supper
before I go back to England so me Luke
and the gang of people are going and I
have my new rocking in a rocking and a
rocking I am barbecue we're going for
Korean BBQ it's a good thing because
it's good with friends and
you can just enjoy its greatness right
here the fucker you oh fucking life of
youtubers what do you do what do you
doing you playing video games back that
fucking nerd nerd fuckin nerd Willy
Wonka here this is what I'm talking
about
free markets with the home just look at
it you'll move it off aerial whip it
whip something up and you eat all man
appears like balls of rice yeah okay
Allen's really found a way to hack the
basketball machine Alan you're insane
man he's like he's like yes I just likes
your simple MA it's all distant
Jacqueline is a fuckin badass ladies and
gentlemen we are in for another away
from the Stone Age what oh right away
this is called speed for speed the
connect both it go
I'm gonna look
No oh my angel number is weighing in at
four point nine four pounds yes
syndicate 30 away we go once this wing
plus that one all right three times this
one okay anyway you know special you let
you walk it's got the estimations next
up what are you talking about okay you
don't come I'm late
yeah you played
what are my animals appalled
watch your show all right is it you to
you to do okay I'm now doing blind rule
out for agates the story about him you
ready no it's my turn yeah now you're a
be ready I'm gonna win this I'll report
Bucky with you oh hey look it's a yes
always take me from fuck you he won with
in like seven moves
super bitch alright we're done set for
the night I'm calling it quits
I'm any Marvel okay there's no point
filming when I get all the way home but
Luke's dropped us off this is the last
time you're going to see this guy oh
this guy for like a month so it's been
emotional it's been fun I came up with
purple hair so I'm happy I now make my
uber drop my uber you fucking trying to
bum in my blog god damn hobo hobo burr
is trying to sneak in my flow but yeah
it's been great so guys thank you very
much watching make sure you leave a like
rate and subscribe to see more now of my
purple face which is pretty dumb fucking
ridiculous
and if this was a awesome surprise for
you guys then like I said show some love
let's see what we can hear and yeah
you'll you'll see more of this
purpleness if you see me at 55
so until then go fuck yourselves and
your boy do you think oh what the fuck
Oh some kid donated to charity when I
was raising money for ALS
