well if I want to do daily volume it
will probably help if I recorded my day
and didn't get out of bed at 4 o'clock
in the afternoon I've been setting that
plate all day but it's a lovely day so
let's get it started
I was like a weird TV show intro must do
sit-ups every day you hear about to
start my day about to get in the shower
when I totally realize that my sister's
coming around and we're going in the hot
tub just chilling out catching them
talking about the clothing line and shit
but basically just brotherly sisterly
hanging out so why would I take a shower
if I'm about to go and sit in a tub of
water excited so this question and you
tell me the truth when you pour your
cereal do you put the milk in first or
the cereal because I had for the cereal
so fuck no offer fuck's sake it's got up
woke up alice is here and you get you so
the oh whoa all the bubbles go down that
one so we got all the we got the crew
back together or just own a bit of a hot
tub session doesn't sound but I could
already tell the comments ago everybody
AIDS already bought just shut out for an
hour then I got eaten food in my dad's
house so it's going to be brilliant this
is the behind that what was that
drinking technique yeah what the fuck
was actually enjoying my day and then
these selfie takers well don't I look
very majestic what the fuck was that
a wild Alice appears
yep this is this is the most purple
you've ever seen ever
these fucking threatens just locking
them just look what is this what the
first thing I struggle with with my
vitamin anything is the title and the
thumbnail if I'm doing something that
day that I know what to familiy but in
this video there was like a nine
thousand pound PC some doody stunk of
body odor and that guy who was like 9
foot 10 no I'm so sick it was six foot
ten or six foot eleven us all right now
somewhat ridiculous so I'm going to try
and what decide what to call it I'd see
I'd know I'm just going over woods
because I just don't know also watching
elbows doing freestyling shout out shout
out to em bows car looks like it's just
itself I put on my windscreen wiper
stuff and it literally exploded
everywhere tell my car oh my god well
I'm gonna get in that wash in the
morning for now it's tea time at dads
house key all right
oh my feels weird to me to be home it's
not home anymore is it
Oh back hello they told wine I have not
seen you in ages little tear
hello net or check any little Steven
what is going on here are you melting
what is this are you still aggressive
since I've had my hair a different color
he's always doing this to make so don't
think he recognizes me hey okay sheesh
take a chill out it's okay I'm just
gonna go for a little tickle under your
beard
just a little tickle I just a little
tickle say you know it's me yeah there
is where okay now he'll old it was
Steven whose will turn one loose water
whose I know this is typical family 101
I don't like sprouts so instead of
giving me a full sprout they sneak on
the smallest sprout in the world nope
still not gonna be in already
it just tastes like wet socks
it tastes like wet socks onion working
yesterday
are you guys ready for some nostalgia
you ready if you recognize this corridor
at my dad's house you know where we're
going this this right here was my old
bedroom at my dad's house this room is
where I stayed my youtube channel before
there was any furniture there was any
curtains there was a bed or anything
before there was even a floor down it
was just pure bedded cement and it was
half a kitchen half my bedroom with a
52-inch plasma on the wall where I made
all my youtube videos and start in my
actual channel it was until it got
turned into a bedroom that like my
youtube channel took off bought if you
search syndicate 10,000 subscribers up
you will see this wall the TV above it
and all my gaming setup and that was
like tech yep my 10,000 subscribe so I
thought it was like the best thing ever
but I just like to show you guys like
the nostalgia of like this was my
bedroom and this is where I started my
youtube channel and I've gone from
living in this room which like I
probably if I could probably like
stretch out like like arms out legs out
and touch wall to wall that's a lot like
to how small this room is but it was
perfect it did the job and it's weird
thing like I've gone from being in this
room to having my own house like my
bedroom of my house now is probably like
five six times the size of this room but
there's a little bit of nostalgia for
your guys spaces but if we continue on
the nostalgia you guys will recognize
this this fabulous wallpaper wonder what
the hell happened oh that's right took
the TV off the wall for this right now
is my sister's bedroom but you guys
should know as my office if you
recognize that the wall everything up
here this is my is my sister's room aka
my office got my ward up there got Steve
chilling down here look at it a little
lizard is molting right now and I got a
snake Steve's best friend that he
absolutely hates when I put next to him
but this is crazy to think like this was
the room that's then all those years
grinding zombies in and it made it into
a full-time job
oh you laugh Oh dad
get a camera quickly what's he doing get
the camera there's basically a guy with
a drone who flies on the field who's
practicing
to do like cinematography I think with a
drone he always flies up in my dad's
house
we don't actually come over it breach
that new do you son it's gonna hit a
plane anyway we'll just say so here I've
over the video oh my god aliens dad have
you been keeping small children locked
in this room oh is this is this is this
this is Carmack's when my dad at a time
when I off Mittman wanna be in here now
you know what you and would work that
boy I've got this on camera you're a bad
boy what just sounds wrong just fill it
up boy it's so wrong honey I'm home let
me in let me in you shit let's go down
the roller coaster we go we're gonna
crash and was hard turn our science
bitch
well I had a beautiful dinner thank you
to a gale I'm a dad that was awesome so
now I am gonna stream for a bit it's
been a while since I just kick back and
streamed but I'm gonna kick back and
play some counter-strike I'm gonna do a
warm-up game for once which I don't
usually do I usually just like go
straight in do terrible anyone's like
you you're shit you suck and the right I
do and so we do want game then a stream
and hopefully get myself past gold Nova
- fingers crossed kicks on my ass and
also I got my new loot crate so leave
comment down below as to who I should do
my my next week crate unboxing with so I
want it to be fun you know what I've
done Dona it's five o'clock no it's half
past 5:00 in the morning and I have done
nothing else apart from hot tub go to my
dad's house and have dinner come home
and sit in front of my computer all day
editing and recording videos that's all
that happened I don't think it's
unacceptable to be eating a strawberry
shortcake yoghurt at half past 5:00 in
the morning is it now this this is what
I call a good supper I did actually have
a proper meal today I had breakfast
cereal which was a failure
my dad cooked me a full meal I mean
davon Gayle cook before meal which was
amazing and now this - something's up
today you spin
good day would you just look at that
view just look at it would you look at
that that is yet we've we've missed the
opportunity to do the would you look at
this business video bought my outside
looks pretty sick on a little bit night
that is what I call beautiful oh what
the foot I can't zoom in with your phone
I'm eating packets of cheese at 5:30 in
the morning before I go to bed I'm gonna
have the true pious dream ever that's
going off the scientific fact that
someone once told me maybe that eating
cheese gives you nightmares or trippy
fucking bollocks dreams when you're
asleep so that's what's happening right
now but either way I'm going to bed guys
6 o'clock in the morning now super tired
I'm going to get in the zone getting my
by again zone I mean just getting this
fucking pit of duvet sexiness in heaven
and just pass out but today's been today
not too crazy or anything like I said
just shit like that happens but tomorrow
hopefully going down Manchester in a bit
furniture shopping so you guys can look
like one at all when I picked up that
was actually a really good impression
but I've got to bed but before I go to
bed I go do my workout so I'm not gonna
vlog that I'm just gonna just go do it
for everybody keeps asking what it is a
little just do sips until my stomach is
killing me the average that I get to is
about 35 yeah I've literally only just
been doing the past couple weeks for
taking shape looking good right now nice
and toned which I'm happy about because
my name's to do swim when I was younger
I always like super super super fit I
don't wanna get back into that shape so
it's going well and then I do 50 pushups
so I'm going to brush up my teeth in my
fancy ass mirror oh wow whoa the
inception there is sick by the way I
went to bed thanks watching make sure
you leave like right lets me know you
enjoy the video and subscribe and I'll
see your face more tomorrow if you
choose working goodbye
