all right today's another day I have to
have a monster right now because I'm one
low on energy and to it is so damn hot
you know even the uber driver agrees
with me that it's just too hot too
sweaty it's too hot I'm sick of it and
today is gonna be a good day because
I've got bought a new shirt and I'm
heading downtown to meet open wax to go
and go to an award show of some sort
now she's not in it but it's like loads
of people she know involved in it so I'm
doing nothing today so I thought I'd get
involved and it's gonna be pretty
awesome so let's go in adventure see
what I'm saying this is why I'm hey LA
the traffic is just it's just brutal
every day it's like this I just don't
understand why people want to live here
because the weather so damn good now I
have never seen that that is so fucking
cool dude okay I made a massive mistake
today where we're going for this event
is where Taylor Swift concert is
actually on today so there's fucking
swifty family's here we going for okay
extremely extremely sweet especially
wanted a palace top yeah okay uh drink
these two I'm just starting to
okay all right these are the ones we're
voting for I got it got it got it God
we're hearing so professional what is
this place because anything but we made
it
I've survived yeah now it's time to find
the bar I have no idea what is going on
but this place just got stupidly busy
all of a sudden oh it's fun I'm ready
for it
hopefully lectures favorite verses gonna
win we'll just wait and see but yeah
it's crazy crazy busy there's like
hundreds of people here now so I'm just
gonna go get another beer that is how
you be a professional that is how you
pour a beer okay that is amazing this is
so adorable
Lex is getting like hounded by fans
she's so famous it's adorable but this
is like going to a gaming event as a
YouTube gamer or as a makeup vlogger so
it's pretty good
like every single one of you bloggers
for making this world I'm pretty nine
I've said sure I'm the only dude here
just women everywhere what am i doing I
refuse to be brought in by circumstance
therefore I become the warrior who will
not surrender I allow my inner self to
emerge and show my true colors and I'll
become the dragon
I say don't believe it just went down
let's go I'm drinking so much
25:25 Street everything going on in
cement like the DJ's the free bar the
most popular thing here is fuckin dog
shit don't I look purple well we're here
if hi is still going on but I'm just
like I'm looking at all the ants down
here and that's not a disrespectful
thing to say I'm like look at them
everyone just looks like ants so I'm
like kind of spectate in the world right
now look at these people here these two
right now that person up is there like a
massive argument I feel like I'm
watching Big Brother right now but I've
got a really good time tonight I really
wanna get super girl in the background
looks just like of that I've got a
really good time today
that was awesome I met a bunch of people
and then some people who like run the
award show and like the top six I
probably was like you do really good
shit keep doing good shit and that's
that so yeah totally random event to go
to vote I've had a really good time and
I kind of keep my phone in my pockets
I'm talking to loads of people so if I
don't continue talking or vlogging about
anything I just wanna say tonight's been
a great night I hope you've enjoyed this
so far and it's been really random but
it's been good random you think you know
you who would ever have thought why
would I be it like a beauty award show I
like makeup things but cuz Lex I've had
a really good time and it was a pleasure
to spend time with her pleasure to spend
time with a bummer as well I mean one
with her mother just hanging out in a
lobby of like an hour together so it was
really good fun about a great time and
just look at those pink flowers I'll
treat the trip definitely trees but it's
been great about it I've had an absolute
blast and yeah we go join the rest of
everything now and if I continue
vlogging that I continue vlogging
something napping happen but if I didn't
that's today that's tomorrow and I will
see you guys later
well tonight was awesome we ended up at
Denny's we got a shitload of food wax
it's not like coconuts
smells like that God okay Wonder wallet
smell yes I smell I smell a dude tonight
that's all I'm saying but this is the
probably last time we'll ever see Lex
so Lex oh my god yeah emotional
he's probably the last thing we'll see
your legs for a good few months could I
go go back to England after this and all
that stuff that's the face of bummer Lex
but since she's not in it you're gonna
hide a little bit from well yeah so it's
been a blast
I'm a great makeup artist I cannot wait
to continue my career I'm very happy
that I got to meet Tom he's very cool
boobers I paid you to say that so yeah
and we'll just see if I continue wrong
it's because we'll see whether the night
takes us but that's about that so thanks
for watching thanks Alexa being involved
check our channel and yeah fuck yeah
