yes my goodness me they look like some
tired eyes but welcome new faces to
today where it's ten o'clock in the
morning it's actually it's actually
nearly twenty to eleven so I gotta get
my shit together we're going to London
today and it's gonna be it's gonna be
good but I'm really tired
only got two hours sleep it wasn't until
seven o'clock this morning that I found
out that my train tickets were at 11:20
so gotta get my shit together don't get
my bags packed and we're gonna travel
down to London where you know what I
went to the Top Gear test track that
place is exactly where we're going I'm
getting on the train to London then on
the London Underground to somewhere else
- what a load them from Waterloo to
Guildford and I'm gonna be going to
Ubisoft so it can be epic so yeah I'm a
tired syndicate but my bag is actually
already packed because I'm professional
and it's time to start its adventure
no one taxi to the train station please
sir this man right here is a legend of
Legends I've probably got like 120 boys
going on my camera the hell it's flush a
purple I got I got about 20 minutes to
get there
does anyone ever leave to do that in no
view big wet oh that's just great thank
God I brought my bag of cheese literally
bag of cheese bag of cheese I should
ride ever ten out of ten would let me
one can any services any smart guy your
food card was married 13 minutes Jesus
Christ serious my computer just crashed
to receive my tickets - son of a bitch
first
it's hella hella busy I was just running
running causing chaos well I'm gonna get
on the Underground now venturing to kill
for two hours
it's not a good time to get the train I
don't know what is and I made it
together going right there at the train
station straight to my right Ubisoft
Suite C Ubisoft don't buy me just
trespassing yes in that's no yeah that's
where we're going yes staring at nothing
all day
interesting alright made it to Ubisoft
in light we're here with the crew with a
bunch of paperwork to people in to
people and we can play some real estate
and I think my team is gonna kind of
hate me these guys over there they're
gonna hate me so bad this guy especially
because they're all gonna try and win
and I'm going to move around the pistol
and said and just fuck shit
so let's go I'm gonna get in his own it
gets managed inside me like the idiot I
am
I totally left my headphones in the
office just finished it was really quick
wait in there play the games that I
needed to play did it all get it all
sorted and smoothly done and yeah I left
my fucking headphones like my hip my
brand new Razer headphones in the office
so the guys just running back getting it
and then I'm going to my hotel playing
runescape the rested it--and passing out
sleepy because I'm fucking not good
PlayStation these bastards going to say
hello to me one of these guys this way
say what's good your to these guys to
shout out to that school
and some stuck on training and these
guys down here
London is such an odd save it can go
from my being stupidly nice at one point
to like it's gonna wait like I just
about a 20 minute train you might hit
with the countryside it was a awesome
look at it it's really nice and all of a
sudden it'll be like a massive council
stay and it's just like what so random
everything's just so crammed into the
last one just so cramped almost at
Waterloo Waterloo Road
there is
lived in underground because it got down
maze okay think about the right one
wall-e with the state line the timing is
impeccable
another woman's face the building of the
backers it's taken wondered by for no
idea I am yeah fucking idea at all the
god I'm walking through the fucking girl
the indian ghetto i love it so far and
this is really nice like the area I was
walking charts are like what the fuck is
like homeless people everywhere it's
London I get as homeless people with
homeless people everywhere like dirt
everywhere else it's like what it what
are you staying
but then this hotel is fighting they
love knowing well mice what's room talk
boom yes room Oh milk yeah cops sweet
mean fruits nobody knocks I'm probably
get charged money this is the room nicer
than the last time I did a room review
let's have a look at my view there's a
green pick in that person's gun just
gonna point out there's Illuminati
triangles over there oh my god
suspicious they put me here on purpose
that gardens got a really really nice
pink garden I like that I like that you
know what to see quite a lot of sunsets
oh that's nice that's last but not least
of course for murder to see myself naked
in know yeah I think what's inside here
is it's where I put the kids that's
where I hide the children when they
pissed me off and inside here I like it
a lot oh this is nice this is friends
look at that green writing no where's
the buttons where is that okay we won't
fuck her out with it I change it make it
will get evil all right is the bed comfy
yes out of 10 I give it I give a giver
six and a half six a half and I give
this stuff a 10 because the one one was
really nice like a person no I didn't
want to bang her you thugs she's really
nice
all right right now it's time I'm
boiling my tits off didn't realize I was
that close to Canary Wharf it's pretty
like she'll see right a bit there
and yes and go to My gods I even got to
McDonald's like am doing or I go to the
Turkish restaurant over there I don't
wanna wake up shit myself throughout the
night so my dance is it would be random
that with these guys with security
pieces in the rear and this fella right
here this is who's the guy's a troll
satiation and walk out of the McDonald's
in my hands full of some food are all
children at your mental institution
patient comes right at me is that right
that's basically it went in a kiss we
kissed me and I was just like what the
fuck is going on in London and it turns
out to be these fucking guys yes
congratulation least oh boy just hear
the name disco disco boy no I do know
that's disco band Congrats on a fedora
stops me at any given time moment in any
like second of the day I could have been
anywhere and I happened to walk out on
that dog at the exact same time that
there's a YouTube team with 500,000
subscribers called troll station just
they're ready to prank they didn't
frankly they didn't get it on camera I
don't think but like some homeless guy
sorry it was the idea was some mental
institution patient but it escaped and
these members of staff were chasing
after him and like you know just
freaking people out it was I was just
that I'd like my drink you won't have my
food and the other and I was just like
I'm just too tired to give a shit about
this book okay this is cool got out of
him poking me and kissing me it was the
slide all right what's up they were like
wait I knew that guy who does YouTube
videos I was like yeah they're booked to
do some more fun so if I met you today
pleasure as you can tell I fell asleep
asleep 10 o'clock I really tired
somebody go back to sleep I shouldn't
even be awake a little bit sleep but
unfortunately like I I did all that Dave
travelinlight literally did a hot day of
traveling went to the recording thing
did the recording thing came home and
then just like when's what girl hasn't
passed out that was my day today I did
nothing else but I've got another day
down in London today which if I get good
night's sleep now should be better and
hopefully might do a little bit of
adventure and Wonder tomorrow but that
is gonna wrap up today's vlog like it
might seem long to the traveler but it
really was excited filbert butch
but I will pass out I'll go so thank you
very much for watching make sure you
leave a like crane let's go enjoy the
video and subscribe to see more of my
face
and this little kitty cat is going to
bed because I really need some sleep
because it's not been going well for me
sleep quiet recently myself alright I'm
going
see you tomorrow and it's gonna be
awesome
