well it's a new dawn it's a new day
there is a unicorn in that field and my
dad's gone my dad was in the hot tub I
was gonna run down with an ice-cold
bucket of water and throw it on ball
welcome you face it today's board where
I got up like an all-time record today
did I wake up early no I woke up at 4
o'clock in the afternoon because that's
what reflection we responsible adults do
just like yesterday's vlog up look at
that ratio 154 likes to zero but a
thousand people watched imagine it feels
like a thousand lights within what how
many is 3 minutes of it build up I don't
know that's still crazy face I'm not
even gonna say it I'm not saying it I'm
not gonna say I'm gonna let you all
comment below what I would say right now
save from it say it for me right now
Duke and proud
this is why I have a cleaner yes
house is clean no alcohol spilt on the
floor come with dad somebody's gonna
look at my garage yeah that looks sick
so no got all this space in my garage
and I could just have a bike to the wall
yeah that actually looks so dumb awesome
no truth is up but now good like my
bikes just on here so I've got first
ever bike that I ever bought Kona stinky
jr. I got my down orange bike first-ever
grown-up bike that I really bought with
downhilling and then the giant bat
what's it called what I call giant yeah
the giant glory which dragon gave me so
that's a shout-out to them still but
isn't that sick awesome looks so good oh
trippy's balls nice no so I got come on
garnet kind of level today
well the mummy ivory in the camera what
screw healthy food I've got in there
yeah dad what what do you think of that
just look at the view just know just
John just what the aches but looking no
no dad I need it beats me what what look
we're just looking just look at that
view look at that view glasses by the
way and what the hell is nothing massive
my dad goodbye farewell yeah understand
how nice it is to actually have a
cleaning team come to your house and a
lot of people like oh you can't do the
buff yourself I've seen that so much in
my comments and me saying it before but
trust me I'm 22 years old if I have a
partay the next day the least thing I
want to worry about is cleaning up my
house if it cost me thirty pounds to get
someone to come in and clean it and all
the lads can give me a five reach my
house gets spotlessly clean because of
it and that's what I'm gonna do by the
way this is my sticker while I'm
collecting as many stickers
has a gun so so many stickers to my pure
box I'm gonna put my peal box down below
I want you guys to sell me some shit but
what I want you to do is always tell me
some stickers so get selling me stickers
how long stay I'm gonna fill that we
stick
and what your stickers eat even think
about it don't even think about it
don't even say it don't even do it I'll
just like zero books I give right now
I'm like buy house I'm getting in the
car with these on a little car how are
we doing okay no the sky also hit that
note what the fuck are you ready to see
a cool feature of a house no I'm joking
it's not a clicker it's motion sensors
but really seriously one for me one for
me and one you guys you don't get to get
one okay do it don't look you can see my
reflection Alec my eyebrows okay fine
yeah sweet equality and all that stop
shit do you guys remember the vlog where
I went to go and get a bin for a bedroom
well I bought this box doing if you can
member I don't know what that box has
been more useful than the bin I don't
use the bin because I don't know where I
don't know where I put it so someone
could locate a vlog whereabouts that is
my house that'd be great but this thing
holds all my shit you know it when you
get any you're just like I'll just put
that there
everything just goes in there now
everything has a use I'm gonna pay this
to go faster Oh fucking shit it came out
the same time whoa magic chocolate
pancakes mmm I actually have no idea
wonder but it felt like a good idea so
I'm doing it are you ready
yep there we toes are you ready
sprinkles sprinkles on sprinkles
now I'm going to be honest with you
you're not getting the pancakes you
ready look that was yours
do you mad you mad you better be well
right now it is currently six eleven in
the morning a whole new excuse me record
Wow look at those lines under those eyes
it's a whole new record for me being up
awake and what am i doing right now I'm
playing runescape again I swear I'm a
fortune addict I don't know I stopped
myself from swearing there boy
they brought this new mode called dark
scape where it's runescape through it
I'm just addicted to play video games
guys I'm saying this game is addictive
do not play it I have to say it's right
now I still have a really big issue with
little chickens okay fire a little chip
if you guys know one talked about if you
ever tracked down the little fire and
chicken I keep talking about and you
ever find it in public
you go up to it and you take a photo of
it alright black fucking change chickens
oh and the whole pie this vlog business
for me to say like I'm going down to
London today still not been to sleep
been awake for 12 hours now 14 hours now
and I don't know what time my train
ticket is I think it might be like 7
o'clock but no one sent me my email and
if I miss this train I'm gonna miss my
day of work in London tomorrow or today
and then I'm gonna miss my next day
after that it's kind of a knock-on
effect and then a knock-on effect so
video games video games I hate my life
well you know what the computer is going
off it's ten past seven in the morning
in about 50 minutes my dad's actually
gonna be arriving at my house to
complete finish working on my garden and
I'm gonna go to bed I finally got my
train tickets through I could have gone
to sleep I could've had a great night's
sleep but instead I'm now going to bed a
pure daylight and my train is at half
eleven so I've got to get a put 10
o'clock so look like I got three hours
sleep and hopefully on the train I can
sleep for two hours but other than that
there is my dailies and John I'm sorry
it hasn't been anything exciting for
I've now got three days in London so it
should be a good cool little bit of
adventure going down there I'm going on
my own no dad this time so it won't be
as it won't be anywhere near as fun but
yeah let's go wrap up my day gotta go do
my workout before I go
I bet and that's everything so guys
thank you very much for watching hope
you've enjoyed today I did just play
dark scape the new runescape 3 update
it's a separate game by the way you can
find more information if you just coats
that's where our website I don't want to
be promoting that game I don't know why
it's just too addictive I don't want you
guys to get addicted to it but yeah I'm
gonna bed
make sure you like rating help me what
you guys liked the video yesterday we in
for 25,000 like rains I don't know why
we're up to that like about what smash
you know no but today I want to wait for
30,000 light greens because I know you
guys can do it so make sure you click
the like button if you're watching this
and you're not on a YouTube channel
create YouTube chunks it unless you
comment down below I respond and read to
so many comments on this channel like
it's my favorite thing to do and you get
to live like rain and show some love
show your friends and subscribe to see
more of my face every single day at 6
p.m. UK time so until then until
tomorrow we're going to London
Oh actually today it's today so I'll see
you tomorrow but do we turn up today so
yeah
