day I can say I've made the most
executive decision of my life
Finding Nemo songs tell me that is not
what living is about on birds I don't
want your wailing that's what I did
there - well it does whale things oh I'm
going getting some underwear I'm going
getting a g-string what oh my hair looks
on point today would you just look at
it's pink grey beauty right so I'm gonna
throw sorry now before everyone starts
getting confused you know the last vlog
that I did where I'm out with my mates
and we go out drinking and all that sort
stuff here that that's two days old and
today's is a day old vlog so we're back
to daily vlogging but I skipped a day of
logging so the day after me going out
with my friends rose hungover I did vlog
but I decided not to upload it just
because I want to catch up with daily
vlogging I did want to put two up in one
day I want to stick with one a day shell
that's what we're doing so in this vlog
you might see clip it's from yesterday's
vlog just just kind of show you what
went down not much happened I was just
hungover and food all day that's but
that's pretty much my life that day
today's agenda getting fuel for the
automobile of vehicles then I'm getting
the car wash
then I'm going getting some new socks
and boxes and you might be like why are
you going getting more socks you're so
fabulous Tom trust me I know but I'm
either in the wash
so either really got it so I'm gonna go
get some new ones cuz I can't be asked
why should them a bluesy tumble I'm not
lazy I do my clothes washing like every
two weeks and for some reason like half
mine a missing I swear if I go to my
dad's house he's stolen all my underwear
40 pounds on fuel for the Beast not bad
on in the car of jism Kara's been jism
done and yes I love the hair look at it
it's great pellets carrier I was driving
along the motorway and all of a sudden
my cast a good baby baby like fuck is
going on it's good blow up they came up
saying like rear spoiler error now it
seems fine but like he came up with like
a yellow stop saying I was like whoa
whoa what the fuck you doin in the
fucking moon it came up saying like
error in yellow I was like all right
folks boiler down ignored it and I was
driving along at he came up red Satan
change driving style
fuck I was half-expecting my spoilers
come flying off and smash into someone
else's window and then me vlogging like
okay I killed a guy today so glad but
Bradley look away that didn't happen but
soldier I was in and out in seconds and
I got my fucks and boxes now I'm fucking
ready to roll and get it Gregg's pasty
oh that looks nasty they're nasty a
sausage roll and two doughnuts for one
pound night you have it all laughs back
in I've eaten the sausage roll but now
my mouth says drive ghandi's flipflop
shit I swear to god this phone is broken
it always stops recording video just
randomly I was gonna go on a run about
ghandi's flipflop and how I'm going to
McDonald's getting a nice refreshing
Fanta but no phone decides to cut out on
me like little shell through a trail of
breadsticks
Oh what the hell happened why is it
breadsticks
everything's cool I'm just coming down
here now checking if everything's okay
looks like we didn't leave the sauna on
last night but the pool is looking good
wait a minute there is a there is a
whale missing I had a dolphin a final
emo and away where is he gone what pull
hair is not exactly purple anymore it
just it just isn't purple ball what
could all these scratch marks and wind
marks from these birds that keep eating
my fucking windows I don't understand
why they're eating my windows book I got
told to look in the hot tub because
yesterday was full and now apparently
it's empty and oh oh yeah that looks
clean yeah that looks looks great and
clean it is a misty brown color and the
waters supposed to be able to like that
headrest you know that's that's running
quite low but that's good news but in
other good news I found the wait'll the
whales off the edge of the hot tub
obviously of course that's where it'd be
no one messed with a JCB so that's a
good thing and I found where all the
bare balsa because they knew they had to
be somewhere they're all here so good
night was a good night and I'm going in
some food now so let's go to
MacDougall's I'm not gonna lie guys I
need this food now I'm shaking Lee
hungry driving here I didn't think I
should be driving and that hungry I'm
not even gonna lie but there's a weird
chicken and chutney Indian chicken
burger that's new and I might try it but
I don't know it's do I go risky with how
hungry I am right now don't get
something I'm not
like I don't know how much liquid or
cheeseburger something like that uh what
do you guys want leave come below I'll
get something right don't hook you up
fight style post it it might get cold
but I'll post it okay 420 but oh my god
I almost got it do I get it I don't know
see that guy there who's a dude I'll
clean up that used to be me that used to
be me at that exact McDonald's they
always put me on cleaning duty until
it's tired doing a bad job and they took
me off and probably somewhere else ha
tack tips so as I was just saying this
is Donnie he recognized me so just shook
his hand and said hello but you're doing
the exact job I was doing what I worked
it but pro tip if you a really bad job
of it they'll take you off and put you
somewhere else so as a pro tip but yeah
pleasure to meet us dude so I knew I
fucking saw whilst I was car watching I
saw beyond all you go past like my
brothers got that cat totally ignored it
and then I was driving along like 15
minutes later and then I was like that's
the same fucking car I don't like I
swear that's my brother drove past it
was my fucking brother
and here is the vaster himself so I came
up here just I was like if the blonde
curls in the car it's definitely a me
it's a it is you I was right fucking
knew it I knew it I knew it
just look at this view mark just look at
it look at that view just look at that
view
look could you take photo Tom so another
way but the record if you guys don't
know why I always say well you just look
at that view just look at that view it's
cuz mine marks dad always has these
always Scott live just been like would
you just look yeah look at that view so
that's that but we made it I'm glad I
saw it I'm glad I saw you tell you what
this is the one problem we country
fucking roads the worst thing in the
world but she's got the reverse all the
way up there because she tried to pull
over to let me pass as like woman that
is not me honey I'm home oh look at it
ah okay so I just got finishing my let's
play of until dawn and guys you're gonna
love it my reactions I won either
petrifying or two hilariously stupid so
I hope you guys are looking forward to
it as soon as I've got it all rendered
and uploaded I can put out a new video
like new episode of it every single day
coming out on my channel so I hope you
guys
very excited friend Paul my mind is
melted from playing this game the the
storytelling is incredible and I really
hope you guys enjoy it like if y'all
watch my blogs like take your take time
out to watch a 20-bit episode of that
each day cuz I know a lot of people
don't go out and get games that's why
people watch Let's Plays and if there's
ever time you want to watch me play
let's play that's the one the story is
great the gameplay is awesome and yeah
like my reactions yeah basically shoot
myself inside time but yeah it's epic so
just got finished doing that I've now
got to edit it all together which is
gonna take hours upon hours upon hours
but it should be fun so you guys might
be looking forward to that leave me down
a comment down below down below down
below as to what maybe games I should
potentially let's play next which should
be pretty sick so yeah I'm excited you
guys to watch it mmm yes it is done it
is Alice served chicken potatoes sauce
food goodness it does look like maybe I
throw up into a bowl it actually looks
really good on the packet it actually
looks exactly like that but I just pour
it into a bowl because you eat cereal in
a bowl why not eat dinner a bowl it
makes no sense this is a public service
announcement from mr. tom cassell not
syndicate this this is a human to human
mankind error right now if you are the
sick sort of human being who goes like
this all right you've got those a cup of
coffee and they pour coffee in and then
they go into the sugar and leave a
little bit of coffee in the sugar pot
you're dead to me
okay you're dead to me it takes a sick
son of a bitch to do something like that
I don't even drink coffee so I know it's
my dad who does that but I'm calling him
out right now you do that again Ken
I know burn your house to the ground so
date like I said days canner I like this
and I try and spice them up as much as
possible sometimes but sometimes I just
can't help it I'm a busy man and got to
get cranking on with our videos and
Steph's show yeah maybe it would be cool
to start introducing little clips of
vibe my videos talking like reference to
something bit like boom take a look at
this and I'll show you but I don't know
we'll just have to see how things go but
I'm gonna go thank you very much
watching make sure you leave a like
crane then lets me know you enjoy the
videos
subscribe to see more of my face every
single day up between 6 and 7 p.m. UK
time I can't decide if you guys can
leave me a comment down below whether I
should post at 6 p.m. UK time or 7 p.m.
UK time I really appreciate that I
should know should be the professional
been doing this for 5 years but I just
can't really find my own bye my sweet
spot get a bit anxious being like oh
well it's built now but I'm like but
then I should put it up later when more
people are free and ready to relax and
my face looks so damn red like literally
rubbed a towel against I think I'm
having a bit of a chemical reaction to
it huh we'll see you tomorrow if I wake
up with like an AIDS face so till then
good bye
