ah worst case scenario
well the moment of truth to find out
whether or not I have a bustling ticket
remember to vote and that's about it
no oh wait wait wait wait Oh nope nope
nope
I have zero cream before my thing my lid
so I wrote on Google a really good thing
to do is a nice cold compress on your
lips oh I need an ice pack for my lips
oh I've got ice and tissue on my lip
trying to compress the swelling because
that's all it's doing it's swelling and
I can help reduce it you look beautiful
I love it don't wake up on she's
addressed it Lydia I love you I love you
join me with my aids level okay Gus is
cold in England
Lydia's car is frozen oh there are
watching moon defroster car no I love
you bye bye I'm nice Network now
oh nice network drive safe you'll be
slipping it'd be icy be careful in those
roads she's not even listening to me
oh hey oh whoa hee hee Oh No the by now
the bow
Oh Brian now the pressure just goes off
the edge and gone all right it's just
you and me you and me forever naughty
cat you pooped on my sofas I just got
text message being like oh yeah we tried
to deliver your package but no one
I was sat in my office waiting for the
package to be delivered the person
didn't even ring the doorbell and I was
like did they really come yeah they came
don't know what he's doing with the
package sorry they said they'll be back
tomorrow to deliver the package but they
didn't even ring the damn doorbell
I was literally look inside that office
waiting from the ring gets me to see
them to go rich wads and collect
whatever it was that's the thing I don't
know what they were actually dropping
off so I guess it doesn't change we need
to make a decision I you were trouble
with a suitcase off to America oh I
travel with the backpack now you might
be like well what's the big deal what's
the problem actually carry that on
there's a hand luggage not a problem and
take it with me the entire way but you
have to go you know through security you
have to put the bag on you have to unzip
it you have to take out your toiletries
and all that and then with that one if I
take my laptop I have to time elapsed
bother back but nothing going to my
laptop so when I go through security
I'll have to do is literally take the
backpack throw it in the thing go
through it and absolutely set and solid
no hustle hassle whatsoever if I take
that that means that I'm not taking any
clothes any nothing no toiletries no
nothing with me whatsoever however as
you guys do know I talking apartment out
in LA which has everything there but
I've not been out there for that long
that I don't know if I cleaned like my
clothes I don't know if everybody socked
any boxes any anything I don't know if
I've got anything out there I should do
it should all be ready to rock and roll
but I'm not two hundred percent sure on
that one yeah I don't have all the noose
in occasional clothes out there like oh
my god they act so looking beautiful
that insignia I don't have all those
shirts out in my apartment in LA so I
have to get ever and who runs the US
side of things to ship me some to my
palm and if that's what I need to do
high five my man hey nice to hear that
from City Carriger oh wait you're not
supposed to promote with the shirt nice
one terminal 3 we meet again and we got
a quick thank you very much to legend
I've got to take a flight from
Manchester to London London to LA and I
won't be set like a 12 hour journey
until so they've got the decorations up
it's looking lovely
it looks like my check-in desk and maybe
clothes so if it is oh wait wait wait
nope yes
I'm not screwed yeah I kind of put it
out took the suitcase with me wait wait
wait wait look the one thing I come to
the VA lounge for is them little corn
chip things and they've been replaced by
whatever this is whatever this is
okay oh my gosh absolutely good so you
know that package that arrived this
morning I was like no care in the world
for it don't know what it was or
anything like that yet turns out I just
checked my calendar and I'd like a
little dot on my Apple what does that
click to it it said on it delivery from
Apple scheduled for today
it was the iPhone X so I could have been
filming this entire trip up to America
on a much better phone for because the
delivery guy didn't ring my doorbell I
didn't know I was there I've missed
their delivery I would've had the brand
new phone could have set it off on the
plane and I could be filming with it all
this trip and moving onwards forwards
what massive failed that that would have
been perfect timing if I would have just
accepted it but I didn't DPD I'm not
happy with your service just tell him
right now okay
as per usual nearly missed my flight I
was on the phone to my sister when I
check the calendar thing one was telling
the story about missing my iphone yeah
didn't find food and entertainment
didn't drink menu okay I was saying if I
was an alcoholic finds the best way to
go
you'd get so much for free it's great
but today I'm just going to stick with
my man Chester good to me hope for me
chuckling Spanish I think Duke maybe
Duke can I go back to my seat this is so
so hella fancy that we got like her
I feel like bread and meat cheese
section over there they've got a full
bar wherever you say it's all table
service
you know like footrest and everything
for your chairs man this is so good that
it's even a spot over there that you can
go and get treatments for free please
included in your first class ticket
Assad Li can say I've not made the most
of this lounge I've only been here for
like 20 minutes enough to leave my fly
already so I will be back no nice this
is me it's all brand new I'm hoping I'm
going the right way for the bathroom yes
yeah yes okay absolutely
my lord may even the staircase it's
fancy let alone the chandelier look at
that thing next stop gate 20 Los Angeles
boarding gate Twain let's work burn rule
breeze and there is my bad boy to take
me to Los Angeles which says birthday
okay happy birthday super cool thing
just happened
a woman was just errant machine stair
machine she went I can't read that she
can you show me your shirt like that and
she went syndicate original I was like
what yeah like how did you know that and
then I realized she was kind of like
Japanese so yeah they it did
the World Cup final goodbye England
to us with this headphone suction to
play obviously
burning look how nice is for the clouds
my god
this is where I want to be the rest of
my life just not playing flying about
enjoy
the families
I gotta just get more of you
Oh
I've changed my pants and Harris are
preventing your fingertip ah that was a
really something crab cakes help it
means they have roast chicken Phil it's
a companion to author my father
nope and some of the cute result nope
I don't like me at last time everybody
be able together
how about you
have no idea what I'm doing this
Anabelle creation a horror movie I live
scary films but oh my god
this is creepy as hell colors are on
this plane got all the purple
at this wheel it's kind of sunglasses
press this point as much of
and it goes from like the Sun buses to
osemosys look at the color orange
she's gorgeous
so strange that's one hell of a big-ass
crab cake holy she's taste a bit of
or carry mess
just like push what do you know about
being cuffed es la playita means super
nice being Kobe I don't label and say
well I'm so down like cold cool cool
they call freezing cold these are like
Calvin Klein like the old white pajama
show pants
soft stuff
they don't quite keep you warm in a
plane tzedakah t-shirt I want to take
you to really warm on a plate but
antifreeze it maybe that means that
syndicate original we need to release
this little needs to be fixed but
nonetheless we got some Sodom pepper
little airplanes of these are absolutely
adorable chicken and
honestly risotto not too sure with
sun-dried tomatoes
chuckle chicken
it's kind of labels to be honest there
were some whole thing chicken was doing
not quite don't get me wrong taste of
this could be a throwing it up a little
bit
Anabelle creation gets three hours and a
few jump scares but a lot of the plot
it's just stupid disappointed
no I did
all in China no I didn't see
maybe
no idea
no see
good I got five thought it caramel
cheesecake and a goddamn bit of cheese
but a Jameson and coke and Elvis being a
goddamn badass watching a really good
Vivian moment we're like a potato I had
some very mullet I don't like to get
inside here this movie you don't throw
it away or something but I've lost the
cream from a little walk away I got this
which in libel stick young things that
go on your web server a trial I don't
know what to expect
other than the worst
invisible nonstop action comes with
pocket mirror we walk through this
watched it and watch this have a very
like this it comes with one
and it speaks to work services what fun
no invisible invisible
it's almost like you can't see it stuck
to my lip it's so invisible this on a
virgin flight is where you mid-flight
snapped up I'm gonna get myself a
coca-cola damn right but I'm gonna take
myself some biscuits yes
I think we're going over some carcass
hand salt chips
Nicholson enroll chuckle up with Emily
and so yes I didn't even realize I just
dropped a wall kind of coke but if you
read this it says sponsor cool boy open
here and help yourself yes right now
this
is it absolutely hiring me what o'clock
still like the entire time I usually
have like games my phone or my work our
project isn't mine where's this time of
like I've been out for so long
go back to LA I used to do
it's like I'm fucking like a 12-hour
flight again I'm like the time you all
thought you still like catching the
train down to under all in a tuxedo the
train station why not that easy this one
for sure is dragging it just really
feels so new to me yet so common I think
it can come up like that because I have
five hours and 25 minutes to go over
here I got my chair turned into a bed
rather than sleeping I'm chilling in it
I am instead as well don't can't see the
Sun up from this direction or as if I go
to work we're heading over in America
this turn is done the Sun is still
stunning that is what I meant to say but
you still got five hours to go so I'm
not too sure whether at the time we get
there this it'll be going down in
America most likely will be if not it
would be nice to see a little bit of
than my first return back to the USA
it's for what film I'm watching next I
honestly have no idea but I got myself a
comfort to keep myself awake still don't
know where my cold sore cream is both
will work out that later each other I
have mouth lips
there is Dr Gandhi's flip-flops
whoops plop luckily oh my god found the
lift tree
whereabouts are we I don't actually know
I think we've got about three hours left
three hours left you can tell the sleeps
catch up with me right now but about
three hours left on this plane so it's a
long journey to go what you know what -
it is what it is I'm watching the 2-pack
movie so I'm going to continue watching
it because it's actually pretty good
kind of a bit of a weird dish but I have
got some sushi and some tea and scones
nice
I got left you show me
loading flight path three
or they go early alright so we started
here all this dope died there and
traveling all the way over nice what was
that
Oh shiver flying over Las Vegas
let me see anything no no I'm using the
toiletry bag they gave me liberty to
Pete
boom made it oh it's a long last time
but I've made it probably know that it'd
take me two hours to get through
security as well I mean back in America
it was like no security that took me
like three minutes to get through which
usually honestly takes me two solid
hours I'm actually overwhelmed and
gobsmacked I'm actually out for sure
cause I was gonna be a two-hour said
like way
oh my god
yes wait what MT fuck yes this just it
wasn't no it didn't take long to get
through security and there's a taxi
waiting as soon as I walked outside I
feel like I've just traveled like first
class that literally took less than five
minutes to get through international
security what's the heck no dude I'm
gonna have eight months of junk mails
dude last time I went away for like
maybe a month two months my letterbox
was like rammed I'm gonna have eight
months of junk mail I don't even know
what to do about that okay positive news
is I actually had the fun on off so
hells to the mother tricky yes that
electricity bill wasn't much this light
wasn't on but if we go on into here I
want to save my my bed's freshly made
but it's not I left this light on the
entire time I've been gone this light
has been left on I do have a full
section of clothes a full set of
underwear clean sucked everything stuff
forgot I had that cleaner comb so she
like I paid like $100 she she nuked my
entire apartment cleaned it and then
like look everything's cleaned
everything's paired up everything is
good to go luxury of coz I have my work
visa and I was doing a lot three B's
these took at the time it was like back
and forth back and forth back and forth
back and forth every other month so
because I was back and forth so much got
a flush to the drains gonna get the
pipes with on distilled water don't with
it don't worry boy get these fans rockin
and a-rollin as timing had it I actually
walked through the door the moment my
like I want to say new neighbors because
I think they moved in last week so the
people below me oh there's no noise it's
great no no I don't know how that's
happened I think they must have been
tissue paper left in it
and then the tissue people left and it
just got stuck to the side that's
disgusting that's probably what smell go
on
get her going get her squeaking you need
some bleach I just happened to come in
at the same time we moved in a week ago
moved in so I got to meet them which was
quite nice they were a Russian couple
like really really nice really cool I
was like oh you're Tom you're a man cuz
I yep and they were like oh good see you
don't make noise and I was like don't
you worry I will
Oh babies everything's still here oh my
god I forgot wait I forgot out here I've
got some beautiful ass Asus monitors
I've got all my Sonos I truly I forgot
everything that I don't it like I really
haven't been in that long that looks mad
I don't even think my Internet's working
because I'm seeing some flashing lights
under that I'm pretty sure all my bills
have been paid but I'm gonna have to
check that one but I'm back home sweet
home it is only like seven maybe eight
o'clock at night so I'm gonna text the
home you see what they're up to
and see if we're gonna get together for
a drink awesome Buddhism it so let's get
comfy in for 10 days home sweet home
also the reason why I would say my
landlady isn't absolutely homey is you
know I was like no so much junk mail so
much junk mail no that's it she told the
mailman like he's not here he's not been
here for ages just stop filling up his
letterbox so thank God stop filling up a
letter box and she just kept my bills
rather than any junk mail so the true
homey had my back well I've been gone
I've received not one but two but three
I don't swim duck games or something and
then a package ah phrases so I'm gonna
have to unbox that maybe tomorrow
something to see what it is but it gets
into networking oh my baby my baby I
need to take you down to the three BD
offices and get some upgrades in you cuz
oh my god you slow as hare what are they
they tend know what graphic cards they
are five seven days of summer two five
seven is
tennisia I don't even know but what I
don't know is I can't remember the
password to get my computer I don't know
if that's because I'm tired or what what
I truly don't know I don't clear what it
is
she managed to get on it let's see if I
can do the one little thing of see how
fast my internet is out here speed test
this is gonna make me cry I've not been
out here in like months and months and
months oh oh wow oh wow oh my god you're
so fast I actually thought it was gonna
be like 500 down a hundred up like it
used to be I saw like that but good
guess not
bruh all I want to do is play book G 5.9
gigabyte update yeah
I'm actually gonna try and restart this
Internet and see if it actually just
makes you go faster again cuz I know I'm
paying for faster than that but Lord
okay
luckily that only said ten minutes but a
second ago it just said 177 days
god damn oh boy my graphics cards are
seven eight et eyes knew it was close I
love how I update poop G updated my
Steam update my drivers everything
loaded poop G and still only getting
like 40 frames per second on that game
so I'm all about nope to this and
heading down to the office oh my god
this traffic kit is amazing you've got a
trash can a little bit all these gifts
all these foods and stuff charges your
this this charges with the tires yo I
could get stuck in this car forever
you've got neon lights in here as well
this is great
this is quite possibly one of the best
ubers I've ever been in my life made
that uber crushed ish she was
she was so chill shed chill-out music on
and I was like falling asleep inside but
did you it's gonna show I'm here I'm
queer get used to it just not so amazing
decisions right now we got some Chinese
here
salt pepper chicken wings oh who the
hell says here this this I was gonna try
and claim this one as mine whose whose
is this what is this storage it's not
the upside down don't say that I just
said I want this in my office and I've
been watching loads of creepy films
dude this should be my office I'm gonna
need this actually dude last time I came
here none of that was there a wall no no
dude none of this was here there was
like two desks here let alone this and
now all this you guys expanded in style
designers four days Bitcoin you buy him
you got Bitcoin okay dude when when
Bitcoin hits 40,000 I'm gonna come back
and smash that open and it better have
more Bitcoin in it that's all I'm saying
what is it yeah what is this this is the
toy factory we have three 3d printers I
think they're pretty in right now what
whoa wait seven hours eight hours whoa
okay I'm showing us no yeah
shown it oh my god dude this is insane
this is how long did that take to print
holy shit bro
the merger dude and your will leave me
one thing just one thing that beaver I
wanted so bad d dude I don't really like
G wagons all that much but I like you in
this to you again
I like how you you're such a G wagon
driver you're part from the no parking
sign well I guess he does own the
parking space so I guess he can progress
a fuck he wants never ridden in my life
is it kind of feels like a fancier Jeep
Wrangler oh nice I don't know if I can
call I'm Jill my uber driver anymore if
he's driving around and listening give
it a read my new Russian neighbors that
I've just met are gonna hate me all
right dude this thing is fucking
beautiful oh my God look at it blacked
out wheels the dual exhaust on it oh I'm
a fuck he's gonna reverse this right
into me
oh my god that is an absolute
you neva miracle I know nature had one
of those but I don't think I ever went
in his g-wagen actually I don't I don't
think hey sorry when he had that I know
he had he'd BMW we went in that and that
thing was a beast book damn um I don't
exactly like the look of the g-wagen but
the sound of it black beautiful woman
anyway it's time for me to go up today's
vlog okay it may have been a bit over
the place from me flying normally it's
just a lonely Dana I usually start
inside anyone but this so classes as one
day cuz I've come back in time
technically so I'm now eight I was
behind you guys or seven hours behind
you guys it's a bit of a weird one I
will still be posted at the normal time
and I'm only gonna be out here for like
seven days or something so thank you
very much for watching if you're excited
for vlogs with me be back in LA
then get hyped something massively
important I need to tell you about is
that I'm doing like this thinkest
livestream ever on the 2nd of December
like on my twitch it's not gaming it's
IRL and it's gonna be the most lit thing
you can ever imagine like ever imagined
it's gonna be ridiculous so don't forget
2nd of November December prepare for one
of the coolest live streams you've ever
seen so I need to go now thank you very
much for watching make sure you leave a
like rate subscribe and I'll see you
guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
daily vlog so until then myself d-plus
