show never bitch you know that whole
story I give I gave you about Oh go and
get bread from the back it's quicker
well yeah it's two doesn't matter if
it's past the sell-by date yeah my
breads moldy I now can't have toast but
luckily I have many pancakes in the
toaster so that's that's a great thing
that Nutella so that's good
we're off to a good start I'm gonna show
you here real cool real quick
check out my new backpack yeah when you
raise the backpack it's my first time
going to try it out I'm gonna say this
straight way that's a comfy just config
setting point on my arm I like that I
like that but yeah I've got this this
bag first time I've ever used it you can
stick like a lot of stuff on the front
of it but I've detached everything you
get like these little satchels that you
can put on and a headset and everything
I've took this all off and yeah I'm just
going to rock it today and just see how
it all kind of like pans out and
hopefully hopefully it's pretty it's
pretty damn swaggy chocolate pancakes
chuckle chuckle pancakes chuckle
pancakes chuckle chuckle pancakes why
did this turn into the chocolate scene
teams you know I have no idea I was
going for bacon pancake song but I guess
not oh so moist just fat mice it's just
moist just moist I look what I did to
that guy's cat away that's my sprit now
cuz there's so many people but we're
basically traveling down to go to London
now two hours my dream go try and see if
we can upgrade first class so we can get
free alcohol checking on women car
yeah look let me the car don't drink
drive shit I left my ticket in a machine
somehow I don't even know how that
happened but like look how many receipts
you have for a train it's fucking
ridiculous but either way I left my
tickets right so get on the train
even though I walk through security
where you put your tickets through to
get through it let me through so luckily
I got my ticket cause people
god damn nerds go and get a real job
I left my ticket behind sort of a bit
I like cranes
mind the gap uh yeah of a bitch well I
could have totally done with sleeping on
the train you fell asleep them what else
legally I didn't you rest all right
what's yeah I just I'd spent like the
entire two hours just replying to fans
on YouTube and Twitter and stuff like
that so it's pretty cool but it's now
nine o'clock in the morning I'm still
very tired and we got to catch a train
to Guildford which might take either an
hour two hours or five minutes do you
know what Guildford is another clue not
a clue so head Benji is it far
Guildford it is oh oh oh okay so yeah we
found out it's an hour and a half away
right
just great all right so we're looking
for Guildford on here somewhere because
we're going from Scott to Guildford so
got another how would I have to go you
taking a piss I need to get like a
headset microphone so when I'm on my
phone you can give me really good
we're going in the underground going in
go in oh my god dad wife we get lost
what if I got lost wife I get lost we
know not to get well what if I get lost
experienced Ken's not allowed in Oh No
okay his tickets not valid oh shit take
two
is picnicking a pretty good they were
sad those that you know if I see a rat
you always hear ask this guy is dropping
the absolutely bass this mayor early in
the morning it's like you've got in with
a piling well we're in Waterloo it's not
a lot of water that was not our train
long train apparently so fuck it
apart from no one's speaking a word of
English Waterloo station is actually
rather nice it's just very nice and oh
wait that's Ken hello again
don't leave me don't leave me friend
please he just chucked that's not very
good reception there's a catty - well
mate yeah that's better
can you we must get the control work you
know everything good
yo that was the best pile of a herd a
sales company just wrote my dad to try a
new location I claim it's like he called
decisions direct here's a decision I
don't want to talk to you you've
ultimate thought we're like 20 minutes
away from London right now
No out of them 20 minutes out of on the
ride oh there's more oh yeah there's
good motion oh you ain't even notice
that come on yeah this hair is well nice
cuz I love it
gridlock we're just chilling on the
train relaxing and there's a reflection
of it
oh god she's so good-looking
that is 110% my woman crush it for life
the Queen can what are you doing what
are you doing boy boy what are you doing
you're bit concerned why it's like a
ghost reigns over on this train and you
don't do that door what track
oh shit shit it's track well you could I
guess you could piss up there to that
massive shout-out to mode step London
roads one of their songs just thought
I'd throw that out there dad did you
know that yeah well knows what an LP is
actually you actually oh whoa you
actually knew that oh wow today mother
o5o stefanos our LP whoo
no duh nothing we're here dad what are
you to it Darwin put your clothes back
on you hey go we made it Guilford sunny
all right now now I think we get a taxi
to the place and we're good this is a
little track
all stations Demers little cute area
Croydon and I think we're not too far
from the Top Gear area oh dude I don't
need some Sun cream I need a suntan
itself
I guess with meinen I guess we've made
it yeah we made it we made it we made it
to the place this is awesome
yes this is sick so they got some of the
prop cars a load of stuff there wait a
minute if I see that Audi TT a seriously
uncool I will cry where is it I
guarantee it's on here Oh what the hell
is that thing
what does questa Co attach four days and
sub-zero the super cool the vighati hey
I'm a little dad's enjoyed himself and
here's the his the set where they set to
get everyone just stood around like oh
my god I'm a good that's pretty sick
it's pretty cool well I've dug alive
this is a pretty cool prestigious thing
to be able to say I've been to the top
gear set now I think it's even better to
say I've been here before it changes
haven't if you didn't know Jeremy
Clarkson may you know Richard Hammond it
all they've all left to go and do a
separate show but Top Gear is still
gonna keep going and I get to be here so
is the like like that's got to look at
it the fastest person is Matt LeBlanc
with one point one forty two one Rowan
Atkinson what the fuck is the speed
given new who's last John Prescott
Lehrer Spence Jonathan Ross will.i.am oh
my god Bob Geldof dude this is sick so
yeah I'm just day with my dad he's just
having fun like looking around and
everything and this is where I just
learned and I've just signed the way but
to sign my life away and say yeah if I
die then I die and that's the end of
that so until then I'm going to be the
next Top Gear presenter I know nothing
about cars
ah would you just look at that Oh Olly
Olly what do you think it's a male I'm
excited for my god it's the real space
this is what this is oh wait that is the
stick inside it well you're looking at
it up shit so this is basically what
we're gonna be driving in a pretty stone
gonna be sexual and yeah I'm gonna try
and race in Forza 6 we're chasing gonna
be successful but we'll try a little Top
Gear fan by are you enjoying this this
is a good trip to some do good this is
minute Oh Ally Oh take my dad with me
look I was going for a kiss thank you
big woof doing roll up James have you
broke again you broke in said he
successfully broke he already could if
this guy he go to so this is where I'm
gonna be playing and hopefully being
this guy who is currently saying nothing
right now
kick his ass are he
gonna catch me into the side of a ball
on purpose I am so ready let's go get
your helmet boy already dad there's me
looking like a pea head again good to go
you're gonna get one hell of an
experience now you're in the front let's
gamble it oh my god it's the Stig that
is actually the Stig I just thought as
my weird headed mustache and helmet is
gay he's just using the mother truckin
zone right now
and my dad's in the front getting ready
to get thrown about now you ready yep
when the mines on Williams really like
god this is getting crazy like your
skeet your wine there I'm flat so now
put to the floor there we go and each
Eagles that good the same okay Oh rubber
burning again yay we go we've lost you
the back ends going on in your ear
imagine it to do must keep it up here we
go are we smoking nice one ha ha yeah
see see look I have not played video
games but when you're stigman driving
you like this it's impossible this class
doesn't the car wash this new has a real
shape well that was insane Stig you're a
good man all my days yeah we're good
how's that you joy I was friggin nuts
what an insane man what an insane man
alright right soon looking what time you
think you need you fastest laughing does
it help that I didn't complete a single
Wow well you didn't do bad hey I went
straight off the corner the first the
first and the second time I failed but
did you enjoy ongoing boy burning rubber
on
we Pig I think he has actually gone and
changed his pants right now
after you yeah yeah dude hey that was
Sam something I'm a sniffle for that
book thank you Xbox for managing to hook
not only me up but Mike dad up for this
and the other top your experience thank
you so much for every it was sick right
yeah what a good day out for me my dad
was working it awesome so yeah it was
epic and he was screaming I could not
wait to watch you go from footage back
and man that was intense
well it's been a long long day so far
and it's like far far from over
what I got to do now is I want to have
trained - what's it called where we
going what a loop yeah I want to have to
Waterloo now and then we've still got
the two-hour train journey so it's gonna
be crazy
yeah see you guys I see a theme I had
the name syndicate get set there but the
traffic now of people is gonna suck and
by the way this is outside Xbox so if
you never if you ever heard of inside
Xbox from ages ago this outside Xbox so
go check out the channel the beast mode
the like them like over a million
subscribers now so like uber legit but
let the just the fucking aids beginning
of traffic and wonders you are a little
bit yeah look at this often like a
little bit of a ginger fun but Dan's
phone is pretty much dead and I just
want to throw over the vlog see randomly
just said hello to me so there you go
actually with the waters and yeah so
this is like Russia on right now
pretty sure I was a ginger ed sheeran
behind me but whatever dad I can see
what you mean haha for dad you'll like
you're out of a movie
oh my gosh look at that what time is it
oh that's us Ben then what time is it
ah daddy finger yes wait fired yes dad
our he's on yep your fingering the Ben
never been such a Taurus right now in
before I drop my phone in this beautiful
water where oh shit
chopper a chopper inbound bot and before
me my dad the wheel Gunners they are
brilliant
take it balls but yeah this is London
you just thought we'd be a bit late miss
probably two trains coming for 20
minutes just thought we could check out
the Thames now it's been it's been years
since I was on it looks the police well
we we do this your doing
yeah we lost tell me 12 you soon yeah
probably
a young girl hey just great you know
last time we met over in London together
is eight years ago yeah maybe we made
that change almost didn't come over yeah
I remember we're gonna walk up there and
get better picture off this fucking bow
or whatever the hell it is powder oh no
my dad seen things like how everyone is
evidently walking that way in the design
there say no entry and yet my testers
right there my dad gives a push but now
he's just like walking straight under it
I got bigger shit in there was that that
perfect is why that man right there his
my dad that's going crazy because he
said there was a massive cake floating
up the water my dad you aren't tripping
your bollocks off but I can say is about
my dad and ice cream surely look at a
big then with a flag flying proud and
today is a good day today is a good day
hey that's pretty big what is that it's
a big-ass bike wheel that's what it is I
look like I'm like randomly filming the
floor
nope taking a selfie bitch taking the
selfie don't underground what tripping
people up would not be a good idea
London Underground London Underground
air or wankers they're all wearing cuz
no no I'm watching you by watching you
slowly and carefully you gonna pretend
that I'm filming the train I swear to
God does this guy not look like a charm
gee is that is that not nature right
there that looks like a goddamned
doppelganger of nature that's so scary
he's I hate he's such a thug look at
that he decided really you gonna do that
to me
rather said walking
kicks ass
really yeah you're just going to get to
the ladder just like that oh we just run
we like almost missed the Train what
what's do we see we had one minute to
spare and we managed to do it screw it
we're going to get upgraded but we just
made it on the train in time is
absolutely incredible as we got to the
train we thought it at left we managed
to get fondant they let us on but some
guy got stuck on the train and now it
has to go like 30 minutes that way until
you can get off so rip a roni pepperoni
but we decided to upgrade to first class
for 70 quid get free beers free food
chill out and challenge my shit overall
great day great oh you know what this is
why first class is awesome get jelly
beans
yep get Deez Nuts
Timon what do you get
yeah yeah stop out actually
oh well that's trying to be kind of
ready
shit
is that a smile
we got a smile my really good day just
really bad
a tooth is called a root canal with a
crown and it just came out
you're welcome to go over all the deck
ticket for dead - I was leaving that
good deck properly enjoyed oh yeah sweet
well it's not the end of the day for us
yeah we're knackered this is what we
call it my dad doing a mr. bean he's
just got changed into his nice pants
nice shoes and a shirt whilst I'm just
hearing my t-shirt and jeans because we
managed to make it back in time to be
able to go out for meal for us a father
figure on I'm supposed to yeah shut your
mouth but yeah basically just got
bollock naked next to me in the car and
I was just a quick start here like okay
then but you see we have the fearsome
and I've seen yours a few turns will
have changing up this just shut your gob
know how I feel about this dad no tell
me if I'm wrong but does this not look
like a supermarket entrance the easy
fish Cove restaurant that shit needs
rebranding and I guess this guy knows me
I thought you started pointing at me but
she named Joel slim to me come on
yeah you want to say hello to the vlog
goes nicely yeah just say do you not
think that looks like good like a
supermarket anyway yeah like have any
we're going Assad we survived we
actually made it
there's Meireles that's Carl that's
everyone else we made it
we got given a lovely time miniature
each esto
looking sunbed as you guys I was gonna
show you that this is I think it's the
mr. Pringle mustache I must ask you a
question okay
happy birthday who's there hello
Internet
yeah Alex oh okay yeah that's all you're
gonna get our pit bull
this is the Nutcracker on this Ken Ken
say hello what are you doing
and that's Gayle hiding at the end hello
she actually went fun you always hide
when I get my camera out that's the
first what are you doing it just gave me
the world's worst nipple cripple and it
hurts so bad
I'm gonna have some food now someone
just texted yes oh so true sir yeah this
is what we do this is how a great smile
that's how we do this
look how embarrassed everyone else's
it's okay happy birthday mate happy
birthday happy birthday
we're dirty Bri everyone wants to know
where I get it from
and it's these two carefully don't know
service hours ask you I must I must ask
you a question
well food has arrived and this is my
fabulous lobster potatoes potatoes I
hope this my lobster I'm gonna wait I'm
going to say this right now I don't
wanna have my lobsters gone
give me one second hey happy birthday to
you give it great May this is like a
fucking oh my god I this car just pulled
up outside it was like y'all get in the
car Tom wait a minute is that fucking
Chris oh my god it's Chris Oh Savi boy
well the hot tub in my garden is working
and I am pimping much itself
my dad's currently just got out and I've
spared you the trouble of seeing him in
his speedos but I'm just chillin in my
hot tub it's so toasty and warm I love
it and I can guarantee you guys as a
fact this was the longest vlog to put
together there were so many clips and
stuff like that but thank you very much
for watching guys I hope you have
enjoyed this fucking swear just heard
someone talk to the right on side of it
but hope you enjoyed this vlog if you
did make sure you leave a like rating
subscribe to see more of my face and I
will see you guys tomorrow at 7 o'clock
for my next vlog sorry about the light
one today but that's just the way the
cookie crumbles sometimes when I'm
traveling and about shit happens
and right now I'm toasted in my hot tub
with my beautiful view behind me so
thank you very much for this opportunity
guys you made this happen today has been
one hell of a realization of how fucking
lucky I am
trains fuck it and stop
