well I'm not sure what's going on I'm
not sure what's happening but what I can
tell you is it's not four o'clock it's
only half past one and I'm out of bed by
now so I guess we've set a new vlog
record for Tom actually getting up on
time to do stuff so let's start the day
uh I see you there real quick I see you
you watch yourself I'm doing much you so
hard oh I just want to talk about this
is my glass balustrade that's going in
nice little edge that I go along it a
thin little silver bar across the tops
gonna look do just look at this guy look
at him who is he doing I'm watching you
you damned bugger who's a little chicken
who is that little chicken well you're
not exactly a chicken but when it hell's
your food Steve see first your food
where's your fed you need fed in what is
it what is that look mister I come to
visit you and you greet me with a nasty
squall I said I'm gonna no stay buddy
why are you so aggressive you've never
been like this with me before and wait
as the cat walks in the room before I
got it
Steven it's okay it's okay it's daddy
Shh whoa Steve what you doing Oh Steve
no need to be so aggressive bro Shh okay
folks
oh shit Steve I'm so sorry okay I know
Lee needs chill for a little bit but you
know it's me right is it the hair you
scared by the hair oh my god you're like
a little dragon Steven it's daddy
what's the matter he's scaring you what
happened you okay what's up what's up
what's up my little Steven don't stick
Steven no stick what a failure it's
lunchtime and I think we're gonna want
to start doing it with my lootcrate is
I'm gonna start putting one item of
everything in the loot crate on my
person so I'm going to attach the badge
to me and go get some food I'm filming
now just because just in case your sons
are watching and your sons are watching
so there you go your mom's are in the
blogs yet that yeah
nice yeah you're gonna see that you're
gonna see this alright hopefully get a
free sandwich now so we'll try a safe or
try a safe tomorrow
I do go down to London to go and race
against the Stig now this might be a
spoiler but if anything it's promotion
because Xbox invited me down to go and
play Forza 6 so I think what's going
down is the Stig's gonna be driving his
car and I'm gonna be sat next to him
driving the same car on the same track
the Top Gear track and trying to beat
his time so usually in stuff like this
on my I'll turn up and do whatever but
instead I've decided to come to Crown
Point north to go to game to get files
of five because I think that's got the
Top Gear test track on that and try and
see if I can get really good at Falls oh
by tonight and tomorrow so when I go
down I can actually be the Stig because
I think that'd be pretty goddamn sick
this is exactly what I needed right now
I'm so happy for the lava Fox I'm
dripping oh my god ah would you look at
that drug dealer still there I'll take
half a pound of your finest Kush please
OSS slush not Kush sweet guy wish that I
needed dots
I got splatoon I got splatoon um what is
it father five brand new and I got a
Metal Gear Solid phantom pain cuz I've
seen everyone streaming it and dropping
boxes on people's head looks awesome so
hopefully that's a game I might be able
to livestream us to fire so green get
the hell up I just remembered I'm
supposed to be doing my until dawn let's
play today and I'm like do I really
recon in the daytime I don't think so
it's a scary game I want to play at
night with all the lights turned off and
be like ah it would be sick if I could
have a night vision camera filming my
face come I could just film at nighttime
and then just put a green filter on it
but no one noticed but yeah I don't know
we'll we'll see we'll see we'll try and
mess about with him oh yeah dude yeah
dude that looks venez venez venez
then that's a lack but not much wobbly
you up alright yeah this looks good yeah
perfect perfect height for leaning on
and check it out Ken's booty I can
happily say I'm very happy with the
outcome of that it's great it's like
perfect height to like lean on and just
drag my chair look at it okay boys ah
perfect height to chill on and relax
would it be it's a big booty bitches
yeah you're the youngest at 91 you're
the youngest at night one okay
ah I just was in saw my neighbor she's
adorable my neighbor is 91 years old the
fields man the fields are so dumb strong
she's the most adorable person I've like
ever met so I love which pieces o
cleaners are here they're looking
through my thumb draw what best cleaning
team ever yes it's gone all the glass is
gone even say I'm feeling good no more
shards of glass in my feet in my
tootsies okay after all these years of
living in this neighborhood and village
look at these bad boys all over these 25
28 years old these things are older than
me oh my goodness
and we're back and we can see Karen in
her natural environment
oh she spotted us oh no oh and here we
can see she's with her child in the wild
wild child
a wild Alice has a pen next oh no it's
photos it's approaching its approaching
labor Alice Alice of neighboring x'
mother of Sinda cos cyndaquil visible
not mother of both there's two
syndicates what screams this is mommy
syndicate
they've all sorry they promised mommy
syndicate Cindy DUP that is what I'm
talking about like a dad so it's like
nice and finished now so you get filled
in and the glass banisters gonna call
across like that one but that's the hot
tub so you can kind of like you know go
over to it you can sit on the edge you
know when you churn you uh you know
thinking thinking oh you can just get in
it but effect what is that random white
light coming down oh my good it's the
mystery box so a lot of random shit
happens to me let a lot of random shit
but this might be the biscuit taker of
taking biscuits of random shit now I'm
in my office
it's like seven fucking pie I'm just
chilling on my front door buzzer goes
off and I'm like okay who's here at this
time is it my dad is it like a friend
calling by what's what's going on so I
answered it and ricky hatton the world
famous boxer who's now retired is that
my front door and I'm like yeah okay
like this this is normal so I answered
was like how you do it how can I help
you it was like you either yeah good and
you just kind of like gave no answer so
I guess he just clearly wanted to talk
to me like face to face so I proposed
Davidian went down to the second door
what am i down to the second door to
open it I open the door and he walks
straight in through into my house and I
was like what the fuck you doing and he
was like I even and I'm like I'm good he
was like is she dating and I was like no
my dad's not in and you just walked
straight into my house I don't actually
like know you at all so I have no idea
why you walk into my house but what's
instead like is your daddy I said no my
dad finishes at like four o'clock like
is that is it is it his house anyway
anyway wait Walt's not in that was like
the mother of Fox is walleye I was like
not who's whoa
and he went this is a waltz house come
on I have no idea who wall is I've never
heard of a wall in for my life I don't
know any waltz no this is this is not
waltz house and it's just like the
realization hit him I can see it these
bakes he was like yeah when I've got the
wrong house sorry mate shut behind
apologized and left it I was like okay
yeah yeah okay random shit that happens
to me in my life it's just stuff like
this it was funny his boat like he was
super chill about it but it was just
super random because when he walked into
the house and like fired straight and I
was like I stretched I was like what the
fuck are you doing cuz I don't I don't
know it like seems like a cool guy watch
all his boxing matches when I was
younger and when he was boxing ball I
was like I don't fucking know you you
like a stranger walk into my house right
now but yeah you apologize left and I
was like all right all in all the day's
random shit I guess so there you go
there's a story time with time in other
news I've been trying to install the new
Forza Motorsport 6 for the past three
hours
and the past three hours I've only
download Fox and on days because it's a
50 by download go right oh and today
things even more brilliant as you can
see here my youtube thumbnail is seem to
have disappeared oh did you look at that
youtube since we've broken several times
this good one just stood there want to
spit there I want to spit there great
it's just great that it's the day sit up
Nath of September 9th September is the
date 9th of September the day I wanted
to go live the one video meant for this
day and fucking brakes God got it yep
time well I don't think I'm gonna be
playing that tonight if I'm fairly
honest it's now midnight new it yeah
really big night yeah my face is still
the background and stomach I love it
sure I've decided now because I did go
and get milk but then I put milk in the
freezer so it's frozen I don't I mean
milk to drink I've decided you know what
screw it I'm going for a little bit of a
drive it's half past eleven which isn't
bad I've got to be up tomorrow
fYI to go to the Top Gear test track and
to do the filming with Xbox at 7 o'clock
at the train station so I've got to get
back half past 6 which is just Stu
ridiculous so real for drive and we're
going to go and what are we doing oh
yeah go get milk and just go for a bit
with drive why not this is in tune so I
look at the sky being dark and cheers
anyway
doesn't this look like something out of
a fucking horror film or an excavation
eat Egyptian dig fucking terrifying look
like I'm about to hang someone I'm
pretty sure you can already take a guess
that I'm going to the 24 hour test cause
I literally said in yesterday's vlog we
always end up going here but I'm kind of
stuck because my window steamed up so
I'm waiting for it to diff defrost diff
restore and yeah once we've done that
we're good to rock and roll and it keeps
saying my doors open but I don't know if
it is wait can you even see that it's
like a fucking alien
I love this song I don't even know what
it is someone can tell me the cover of
this song I love it that beat in the
background is an old song and I fucking
love it
ah - yeah do it do it I almost missed
that drop dude dude that drop dude oh
dude
Dola do you not I do dude yeah dude you
see here's my why - look if I went to
grab that one because it's the more
successful one
it would've been 32 September if
but inside 90% I'm a bitch but if I use
my brain and go to the scientist that's
xx and so I'll take that one instead
basically your may look at this they've
got a guide down children's oculus rift
over here and whatever this is
maybe it's absolutely dead in their
absolutely dead a post Curie guys just
chilling on his mobile phone yeah wonder
if we could roughly zoom don't if we
catch him on tinder bread doctor who is
that you doctor who is that you that's
like the oldest telephone box in the
world and it's adorably working that's
amazing I think I've got the best thing
possible from Tesco I didn't want to get
something like super junk food it so I
decided to get mini pancakes instead so
having mini pancakes
and possible possible disruption choice
here to upset everyone either peanut
butter
I don't remember peanut butter as though
either peanut butter butter or Nutella
going on said pancakes okay I decided on
peanut butter bought scratch that
someone stole my peanut butter what a
sad what a sad day what a sad day when
someone steals your fucking peanut
butter when you see it you all know you
all know what is that doing in that what
Hugh puts peanut butter in the fridge I
certainly didn't do that that's
sacrilege who put peanut butter on this
move all the other smooth I don't like
them I don't like doors nuts and
diamonds and toasty toasty fever stuff
yeah I might as well put that in there
fucking defrost the fucker
as far as decisions go this was a good
one two o'clock in the morning I have to
be up at 6 o'clock to get ready to go
and catch the train so that's not
exactly um a lot of sleep to get so
that's kind of gonna suck quite a lot
but nonetheless that is the day of today
completed and tomorrow me my dad a
traveling by train down to London to go
to the Top Gear test track can you hear
how weird my audio sounds it might sound
really strange but the audio bounces off
my TV because it's curved
it reflects the sound into the corner so
like the sound goes like it goes that
way that way and you can hear the echo
around the room so hello see like when I
talk that way you can when i talk that
way ah sounds super weird like a massive
echo hole but anyway that's go wrap up
today guys thank you very much for
watching make sure you subscribe to see
more of my face and leave a like rating
let's know you enjoy the video
and I'll see you guys tomorrow 7 p.m. so
they daily vlogs are 7 p.m. UK time now
and so you can see more of my random
life so thank you very much for watching
as usual and good bye
