good morning ladies and gentlemen this
hair is going going get and get cut but
oh my gosh you said another fabulous day
oh my god what is this hat dad what are
you doing why is there a mini crane in
my garden what is going on Oh check your
mind my sunglasses as well seunga bitch
what are this what are this oh yes
finally my blue cars arrived who could
you open you sexually it's going to be
so nice look at this like homemade crane
system to get the hot tub from there
into that spot so I have faith in you
I have lots of faith whilst he's wearing
his swag glasses but this looks like a
hell of a daunting task I could just
imagine going straight into the grass
oh my god it's such a nice day ah I
can't wait to spend it inside playing
video games I genuinely don't know what
the fuck is going on
it's sunny in England what but the hair
is gonna drastically change now because
there's a lot of purple it does still
look pinky purple but now when I go she
went out to go and shave a lot of hair
off it's probably gonna look really well
this is straight up before so see you
after you see this is what you butchered
me you've absolutely butchered me never
again never coming again never that's
perfect it's very needed Vince this
barbers like every day of my life never
been anywhere else never never will
well I told you I was going short and
this was like super shot bought it like
I always get it shot and then it grows
back absolutely perfectly by the way
it's all caught grows back epically so
now I'm going it's fucking food because
I'm starving and I don't think I'm going
to a pub quiz tonight so bring it the
fuck on and hello mister spot who
decided it's gonna say fucking hello all
day son of a bitch there's only a
certain thing I need right now
it's a really nice warm day you have
like Tommy you go getting your beer no
I'm going getting an ice cream I need a
goddamn malteaser ice cream go to my
house chill out
and just enjoy it I actually haven't
eaten all those
explain why I feel like shit but I think
I've got a cold from going to legends of
gaming meeting so many fans like grimy
hands and stuff like that and sneezes
and shit and then black and sleep from
last night from being up to sixty and
play America bought least forgot the
haircut
well I finished my ice cream before I
even got home
I've just been sat here in my garden I
realized how peaceful and quiet it
really is
apart from a car driving past now and
birds squawking but I'm just kind of
like relaxing taking it in grabbing a
bit of Sun and just thinking like wow if
if one with England could be like this
all the time this would be heaven
absolute heaven and I think I just
bought a eunuch on one second told you
I'm not even fucking with you right
there is a uni Doge see it you and a dog
right there in the wild you know Doge
holy Sh yeah it's that time of the day
where I show you guys the view but just
look at that Sun that is absolutely
incredible and I get to look at this
through my bedroom window every single
day ah and the church bells are ringing
and the church bells are ringing it's
Christmas time all right while we're
doing the pub quiz tonight but check out
these rides yo these are sick wait let's
wake up up okay but as wellness then
this I'm gonna go and get drunk with a
bride now joke that his wedding is make
guys wanna talk about club
good thank you i'm joined with hello
hello this is why I'm saying I'm a kitty
cuz of this book there's hours and
there's neither hi mom
okay no here oh wait that's my as my
twin that's Tom Athena all right is the
storytime P so we come to this quiz
quite a lot at the local pub this is the
team and we usually talk excuse me
we usually called quiz on your face okay
but there's a team who sits here and
they're called the Dead Poets they're
called the dead Parris I don't know why
but they always beat was like they were
in every single one so we've killed us
that what we get so we've called
ourselves we killed the parents oh we
finally have some nice lighting in here
hello hello
idiot hello Tom wait what we're talking
about us that's the camera there look
you look at the whole big black hole see
yourself all this way well sometimes but
you mainly try to look there you look at
yourself to make sure you're in my
matrix and I'm someone my hair is
definitely way too sharp or it's gonna
grow back we're not there that's you
guys College it is oh yeah
it's awesome it's all back to this guy
over here he's such a nice man Dave
you're the legit man gave your legend I
got myself a new phone I got the the
iPhone 10 this is a ballistic foam yo
Cal septembre sit cone oh wait well say
sums on the phone for your iPhone are
you oh wait hello hello hello I like
trains goodbye look how stunned you are
compared to me
I'm sorry
I tried my very best but team we didn't
win
seconds oscillation dead lost though we
could the Perez file is goodbye
well what are you going Kumi am i no why
are you looking at you know sneaky
sneaky sneaky hello there well I'm back
now and I'm in heaven right now this is
this this to me is what heaven is I just
need a laptop to do my work on and I
leave my Nintendo Wii I'm going to bed
and this is the end of today's vlog but
I'm getting bed and playing some Mario
Kart and I'm chewing this is it this is
it we're done
the hair is caught stupidly sure but I'm
happy with it
Pub Quiz was good fun I loved going
there but next time I'm going I'm taking
my own iPad and I'm playing my own game
cuz the family and friends that I go and
play with it right now man they fucking
try hat they want to win and win them
win and whereas me I'm just like I'll
try and answer something as fast as I
can and just derp the fuck out just
because I don't really care and I wanna
have fun and just mess around so that's
good with that book
a lot of this is gonna happen like a lot
of days when I'm not really doing
anything crazy I like I'm not a gaming
event or anything so it is gonna be a
lot of me just kind of like oh and a bow
or just meddling around the house or you
know fucking around kind of like
yesterday's vlog you know I didn't
really have anything to do so I've kind
of just gotta make it up as I go along
plus I don't like vlogging in front of
people who are know are uncomfortable
doing it so you want to go to the
hairdresser's you don't like vlogging
there too much be just because like it
makes everyone else feel uncomfortable
that's gonna be it for today guys so
thank you very much for watching make
sure you leave a like rate if you leave
a like that just lets me know you're
enjoying the blog and subscribe you'll
see more of my face every single day and
yeah I might start pushing the vlogs to
7 p.m. every single day in the UK we're
gonna see how that goes so I'm gonna try
7 p.m. from now on rather than 6
and we'll just see how things pan out so
thanks for watching I love you guys
faces you're all fabulous people and
thank you very much for all the support
on this channel and I will see you guys
tomorrow
and now I'm gonna play Mario Kart so
fuck yes Oh
