yeah all right it's a miserable day in
London but it's time to get up and get I
basically I'm already running late but
let's just say that that hotel wasn't
the most comfortable night's sleep I've
ever had in my life this is swag the
swag is on part right now
yes bro let's go down all right calm
before the storm of stop wait a minute
who the hell is that thing what is that
alright so some people play fever over
there and now we're going going doing a
signing for two hours not even had any
breakfast I've had a bag of walkers book
oops all right go ahead
I've had a bag of walkers yes all right
you can go I'm gonna talk to this guy
for a second well I'm here meeting
greeting Zoey it's brought me some fun
hours to fly this and she made like a
timeline of my of my bid but we think we
both agree doing that it's not really a
beard and this and this with everyone
else on it but we agreed that this isn't
a bid this is just pubes so
unfortunately one day I'll hopefully go
a bit but thank you very much for as I
appreciate it
I'm joined with is down in the back over
here with Leon who all the way from San
Diego in America who came here just for
this event to meet us so I just thought
I might as well throw in the blog just
as ever thank you for coming so yeah
maybe I'll bump into next time I'm at
Comic Con all these dumb people from
different parts of the world this is
Jack all the way from eyelid this all
these Xbox to come and visit me and not
only that not with that he's got a
limited edition Illuminati shirt on you
were damn beast and his dad came over to
me and threatened to knock me out so I'm
gonna go fight his dad right now I'm
gonna give him something and take a look
at this another man with a legendary
shirt I'm limited edition Chris you are
the man of men you had a man of Legends
oh yes I can't believe this man what
time do you call this person you don't
deserve to exist get off me it is an
hour late to his home site and fog again
look at this
Caitlin over here he's wearing
in addition shares only 2,000 then in
the world and she's came all the way
from New Castle so we're gonna go play
some video games is nothing like a fun
picnic we're gonna go do it I keep
meeting people from everywhere and this
is this is Luke all the way from
Australia's so I'm gonna steal him in
Canberra and always kangaroos and shit
like that I wanna say this pleasure to
me is I'm gonna gap you I wish you all
the best of luck do any one of you
travel do cool stuff we've got some
silicates wag and yeah it's just cool to
see so many people from all over the
place
this is gal all the way from Israel dude
what did you leave tonight or tomorrow
tomorrow you leave to work so you did
you get here today yeah no much
yesterday so you're here leave it this
guy's a legend answer yeah I'm not going
to get hit the net really shenanigans is
if you're a renowned cheater cheater
Oh Ezra I'm talking about a guy's
t-shirt this guy's this guy right that
professional would be professional
ping-pong against her it was probably
not the best of ideas I am now sweating
my absolute it's awful oh my god
but hey at least be guessing you know
I'm pretty dang food food was actually
really really damn good sip that fine
water but it's actually really really
nicely the chef's had everything did a
really good job so now we're just go and
checking on the event and adventuring
for the day yeah tell me you didn't have
a thumbnail pictures just like ours like
I don't think I got it no I got to do it
again you ready I'm supposed to like
backstage like doing nothing but instead
I decided like screw it I'm not waiting
backstage for hours before I go onstage
I'm meeting all these guys well that was
crazy
I'm just like I sat backstage doing like
nothing so I was just like felt bad so I
decided just to go out and saw like one
kid one kid turns into five kids and
five kids turns into a hundred so hey at
least I got at least I tried right I'm
totally not supposed to be here right
now but I just felt like
wait are you say hello before you go oh
my god there's so many people on stage
this is much deeper so wait can you see
anything
chaos absolute chaos all right bring him
Jordan just saved on the main stage
against Al and Marky be take their asses
first game it was all him but then the
second game we got the equal amount of
kills
these guys just thrown out pretty slides
so you were in it now all right you're
in it now so we've just amount like a
hundred plus people but now with these
guys from Island and Saudis xbox yeah I
already know already - twice see I know
I pay attention but right now we're
gonna play some trials fusion and we
kick some ass where she Chantal shut up
oh you are going down so I'm gonna kick
her ass in trials and hopefully win
something for once in my life but he'll
bring it on
just bring it on oh yeah there you are i
won tired kitty cat I don't know why I
keep saying that it's cuz of India to
keep calling me but the event so far has
been amazing I've met so many people
every chance I can get I'm literally
going out a way to make sure I see you
guys and that's what I do at events and
this one gonna continue to do but right
now I need a break and some food so if
you're currently at the event and you
seen this tomorrow the next day you like
where the hell was it after you I was
going in some food ok so Madam's got to
get his energy that's all I'm saying but
yeah oh you fought the bombing be there
all right yeah I see how it is damn
thugs
I'm gonna steal it as usual I always
yeah I've seen too much of you lately
told I love you
I think everyone liked is eating the hot
dog together community biscuit together
I'm not okay well I'm having a rest was
definitely a good idea to allow catch it
with Hari brochure and and I'm going on
stage I gotta go I'm going going it's
guy how you doing little baby how you
doing y'okay what's the weird just let
some little baby thing out of all the
people again like always we fucking work
like crazy I love this guy to be in the
same event would be crazy shocker became
as well awesome
and if we didn't manage to me we have
tried our dumb fucking artist I can yes
we've spent all the time we funds and if
anyone ever wants to turn around like a
parent especially says we haven't tried
you're wrong you're so wrong but anyway
sorry guys
here we are observing a wild Alistar in
his natural pinging bonging environment
come on Ally show some fuckin skill me
what was up show me show me the ultimate
serve serve it serve a shit
nice nice nice nice noise noise not yes
good shit we're the same twin the shadow
of this guy we got come for you day no
sure it's coming to an end this is the
end of season 1 of legends of gate well
you look so happy
and then actually we couldn't wait to
see you at the end of this to go on
I gotta go and catch my train boy twin
sestra pleasure player yeah Ali's been
flush you're playing yeah we got someone
Pete
there's just ro face dude yeah I know
yeah he born he won Oh Baba
this guy's been amazing
legends game has been awesome that's
Casper train go the fuck home
yeah catch the train all I'm saying is
it's been insane
trip and insane event mean so many
people but I'm happy I'm gonna train
with a sandwich and a lucozade so bring
it on and I've got like a specific seat
for my Guinness world record so overall
it's been a pretty good day went to meet
funds met funds lost legends of gaming
don't really care left with the Guinness
World Record
so fuck
yes best matched along
so I looked like death because I feel
like death because I'm tired like that
how about halfway into the train duty
it's nearly 11 o'clock at night so I am
tired kitty cat I need to stop saying
that god dammit in - it's all your fault
are you gonna do it
today was awesome today was just amazing
they got to meet so many of you guys it
was absolutely epic someone gave me
table salt to give to talk of cuz hes so
salty not gonna take it over to America
come on getting on for smuggling cocaine
might put drugs in it I don't know you
put inside it and yeah it's just been
honestly an absolutely epic day you
can't see shit because it's so dark but
I got champagne I've got a little gift
from you guys it was absolutely maze I
got like a YouTube play button someone
made for me and like a random DVD and
then the best thing I got a Guinness
World Record which is pretty that's
pretty damn sick so not gonna lie today
cuz been any insane day thank you very
much to everyone who came and said hi if
I miss you like I said I did try my best
like I honestly did try my best to see
you all bought this is gonna wrap up for
today guys so make sure you leave like
rating let's know you loved the videos
if you're not subscribed make a YouTube
account
subscribe and you'll never miss a video
from my face and until then I will see
you guys tomorrow for my next daily vlog
because how am I actually managed to do
this and actually know a daily vlogger
for just let it go let it go let it go
