well this is probably a terrible idea to
try and blog now seen as though it's
gonna be windy as hell on the beach but
me savvy and ginger nuts over here we
saw a massive crowd of people over here
we're like what the hell is going on so
yeah we're going to check it out you
probably I'll be able to anything I'm
saying I'm so sorry we're gonna go check
it out I believe it's a drum sex session
let's just look it up you look it up
look just look at it this is long in it
so I'm gonna go film some hippies for
you
I'll take these guys through another
tourist guide and like hey guys would
you want to get on a I'll take you yeah
you really got you know they got knocked
out by a drug addict in here
it's a massive white dude stoned off
your face just fell into it like GTA GTA
it's crazy literally grab some guys got
a 5 star wanted level Jason it what the
fuck what the shit well I guys booking
it across there and now we're going yeah
now we're going look at all the drummers
oh yeah do it so happy right now
one guy one drum then someone else
you're done dude what the fuck is going
on
I told you it's a naked sex session
there's a guy speaking is sure
every August Valley speed right it's
crazy
I have no idea what's going on what is
going on
just another day in LA I guess look at
them
sunsets over here highest Park smoke it
drops
please officer back hey listen I like
how there was a there was a police
officer in impassive Jeep and as a
police officer in a called in like a
golf cart oh you can do all you can
smell these breed in there I don't run
just passing around joint so I'm gonna
go before he thinks and smoke in the
pots
GTA is going on man the fucking the
five-star police just turned up
fuck this shit getting surrounded man
fuck you man
fucking live oh fuck you guys ride free
throw your boards at them I love how
they like oh I love the Robo people get
surrounded it and then she's at a club I
like come on guys no one's taken
take it fuck you guys okay
