good morning chaps and Chipettes today
is the day of days we do nothing
yep that sounds like everyday but no
today's day via al you can be playing a
bunch of games if you don't know who Ali
is is Ali a just a lot of ecology and
stuff like that so be Analia teaming up
together then making a bunch of videos
which should be awesome for guys faces
but first of all I need to go get some
dinner okay breakfast scene as though it
is like 12 o'clock in the afternoon I've
just got a bed so that's great
massive shout outs to my local bakery
best place in the entire world they
always hook me up i style with the lunch
AKA my breakfast i am definitely not
complaining with this bad boy but apart
from one thing i think of the scene is
that an onion i was an egg oh whoops
PS public service announcement i don't
like onions onions have layers I knew it
I fucking knew I saw it earlier I swear
- girls like there's an onion on that
food I looked boom whoa whoa I couldn't
handle that I just couldn't handle
living on my own so I'm moving back to
my dad's house I just I all the days of
sitting in my older just it just got to
me man just got to make I'm seeing Steve
oh come on boys are you see who I don't
know the words to this song but look at
you Steve you are Steve better stave
what were you doing like why why every
time I come in why do you keep digging
this sand up here
I'm very confusing you're very very
knowing okay
this place needs cleaning don't buy me
this place needs cleaning all right you
look like you've got a bit of a belly on
you to have you've eaten you've got a
little bit of a fat belly Steven sorry
that's what I paused it awkward life
like a few seconds I it that's usually
when I'm taking a thumbnail photo but
Steve is loved Steve is life everyone's
been asking in the comments for this guy
so hey don't forget we're trying to hit
50,000 like ratings of video all right
yesterday we did 40,000 let's see if we
can smash 50,000 wait why cranes for
more Steve yes Steve yeah our gay or out
of nowhere
whoa whoa horse for fuck fucking sake
okay so I was in my office and I left my
keys and then I shook the door lock the
door behind me so I've locked myself out
and now I'm just stood in dogshit
fuck this is great just great
there they are see him sat right there
there's my keys there's my keys
right there and there's my reflection of
being stuck outside fuck it wouldn't be
all that bad but the problem is that
I've got a wireless key and I was
thinking that maybe could reach from in
that room so I could start my car drive
home I'm gonna get my spare set keys
bought I try and do it nope
bollocks of tits big on set 1070 Myers
ah I might as well take this time to do
a whole video to say what I've shut up
right to show I've taken from a dad's
house one exotic silver lizard very
necessary one xbox360 charging cable
cable one xbox360 controller with
charging back charging back one iPad 2
HDMI connector one pod farm recording CD
for my audio interface and one how to
steal like an artist or still like an
artist book from Austin clay on my one
of my favorite books ever okay
nothing today fuck maybe I should
masturbate and here comes my dad to save
the day
help help help help help help
hey I'm sorry thank you for coming
rescue me but I love ah fuck you fucking
Buster's don't you be like and Steve is
all your fault there's only one person
to blame here and that is you snake
really really really
my house is on fire again what you doing
your crazy crazy old man inside
machine that that's definitely not
washing machine fuck but Ali said hello
hello so this is gonna do a photo for
two we got like an epic secret video
coming up this is where he sees me this
son of a bitch over here and this is you
down here so Ali let's do this
your turn aha pose let you fuck hey I
totally forgot it's my birthday
look look look at you ready join
September 30 2010 the date today is
September 3rd 2015
I'm officially five years old oh my god
this is amazing I I completely forgot
that it was going to be my youtuber that
I started like four weeks ago I was like
I have to remember I want to do
something but like I don't have anything
planned so I just want to say a massive
thank you to you guys because I actually
started YouTube and said to myself like
how long do I really think I can see
this lasting and my number was five
years today is the day that I finally
reached the year that I said I thought
I'd be doing this for this long and
we're still going we're going stronger
than ever and the fact that we're still
going is absolutely incredible and you
owe it all to you guys so thank you so
much for all your whooping I support and
get a bunch of text messages now but I
just want to say thank you for five
years on YouTube here's to the next five
of doing crazy awesome stuff and
hopefully just involving you guys a bit
more with my life and adventures and
stuff like that but on that note as I'm
jumping on the glass floor why'd you if
I fell through it that would really suck
like I die in a glass forums like well
at least you reach these five years but
I'm gonna go and see if I can go and get
some dinner with my Papa and my sister
because it is food time it's food time
I'm absolutely starving and my videos
with Ali a rendering out so I'm good to
go man my day is done my workday is over
my chill day begins Pat from I've gotta
render out all my videos and upload it
but fuck it what good it is it's my
daily budget just look at that view it
looks like it looks like a Lucas just
gone off in the background and it's
making its way towards as bought going
out getting some food so next role as
being back at my dad's house never a
good thing but we're picking up a park n
if it here is the fuck up
so we can go up some food with me buses
from a dad we're just waiting for him
as usual weird series of events a police
officer walking down the road my dad's
just randomly talking to him I guess
we'll find out what's going on Sharlee
maybe not a good idea to be on my phone
I'm not driving around park and find
some sweet tea on us something clean
cars now says it partly on the footpath
I say because it isn't so what to think
I said what to killers parks on the
footpath or selling need God will move
from now on and obviously we appreciate
people good a bokken oh shit people came
to Oz man fucking wankers you ginger
Busters you are a symptom bastard this
this is my number one ginger adds up
quite large injure friends like these to
cook really good food so if you ever in
the grapes go to the restaurant they
know what they're doing right they're
not spit my dude I've known that guy
I've known where's seriously like he's
like one of our childhoods best friends
I've known him since hours like I'm
actually been known him longer than any
of my other friends is like an absolute
awesome legend so gonna go and go to go
have some fucking Dan Casper with him
Pro funny tip that he didn't actually
ever know how to you how to cook bacon
until he was like 16 he always like gave
us food poisoning and then he just ran a
little camera chef so how the fuck that
happened I have no idea bring to London
tomorrow and out with a last little meal
with Alice I'm a dad yell as you got I'm
very good what this is natural time we
are natural town yeah look let's compare
the family tan real quick and of course
and the palest my dad's always had like
this pigment of like dark skin always
had it and muscle and Alice like just
looks like the most rat girl ever
that's tan is so goddamn fake yo this is
why I my friend where's the ginger home
it is the homey look at this surf and
turf what is that
not fishing you don't want this is what
you get nothing because you're on a diet
idiot
John I'm joking okay this looks pretty
good time looking after sauce tartar
sauce oh you know what spilled it dad
we're gonna get your on camera get over
it right now
wookies say it tell him so yeah tell her
tell me what are you doing yellow hey
lets you get a nice family photo come
here yeah this is part of the film le
ready what do you do
dad come here get on this side that what
are you doing that's it you're such a
such a legend Asian lady
you all right she looks like an Asian
lady dad I don't know what dad's even
doing that's just drunk right time to
drop off the old man about me five fans
for you taxi please
so when you go into a fire for a taxi
sir so we might pass through taxation at
what you did good Bay you did good
wait one sec let me just put paid to
sleep wait my baby's right Thursday's
key one sec wait for it good night bag
well it is 10 o'clock at night and I
could not think of anything better to do
but to get in bed since that all my
videos are doing and playing America I
could play the same I office but then I
realized I have a 78 inch screen a
7-foot wide bed to just comfortably sit
in and play Mario Kart so I couldn't
think of anything better to do
might be like why I've got my videos
doing I'm feeling really good about
today I've loved spending that out with
my family and just chilling out with
them catching up about things it's been
really good and now it's time to just
soak in playing video games for fun no
live streams no videos just playing
video games for fun sweet I just
finished playing Mario Kart and I did a
good job man I absolutely smashed that i
unlock some new maps i kick some
people's asses and i absolutely love it
it's a really good game to playing so
the people bought the rage that it
causes is ridiculous I can easily see
how friendships are lost over Mario cat
but I'm a wrap up today guys that's
pretty much everything it's midnight now
and I'm pretty tired so I'm just like in
a game bag
and maybe maybe tomorrow play this bad
boy super smash Super Smash Bros I never
leave it into it but I want to get
really really good at it and honestly
just kick some ass like I want to be
able to go to a get like a partay and
see that there and challenge someone to
it and just kick their ass like that's
why I'm getting good at a Mario Kart
because you know what everyone has a Wii
U everyone like it just well everyone I
know has a Wii U and they always play
like play my cat was Primerica and I'm
like right let's play Mario Kart bring
get the hell on and I'll kick your ass
that's what I want to be able to be like
the MLG guys like Pro it so yeah it's
good wrap up with a guys thank you very
much watching make sure you leave a like
rating show me some love and yeah get to
see more of my face by subscribing and
I'll see you guys tomorrow for my next
daily vlog so yeah thanks for all the
love and support guys you're amazing and
good bye
