it is 3 o'clock in the afternoon I just
get out of bed let there be light
I was a father I play Mario Kart to like
4 o'clock in the morning I am a tired
kittycat
you see I don't actually scrub up too
bad for we've got we've got a pond today
like I was actually in the wake of his
life am I just gonna get into making
videos and that's gonna be all day every
day is that the day uh actually no what
we need today is my brother running with
him you said you wanna get food and
since I woke up at like 3 o'clock I was
like stopping so we're going for cheeky
Nando's and then we're gonna watch it
straight out crompton we've got the
Compton it's not quite I don't know why
I'm putting an arrow in it and put your
Compton's in the UK or if Compton
doesn't even exist for that's what we're
going doing so we're going in
cheeky Nando's then watching as Cuban
eza and 2pac ouch look at this rascal
say hello to everyone say hello Internet
my granddad called round just as I'm
about to go and see my brother bought
hey check this out so I put my GoPro now
this is a GoPro it's a mini camera I put
it in the front of my car when I get in
and I always record it so in case I get
into like an accident and or anything
I've got evidence of what happened I'd
like to know some more like that yes the
cheap one but it's really good but let's
go there in the UK is really that damn
bad today oh there's a mini flood going
on outside whoa whoa hasty raindrops I
just zoomed in there man what the fuck
is going on
you ready you ready for this fucking
rainstorm
you ready for it you fucking go go go go
fucking wear this bag shit oh yeah I
know and now it's calm down okay I'm
gonna fucking piss put up for less going
everywhere leaking leaking
purple jizz serious right now you
serious
no really really really really you're
doing this on purpose that's what I'm
talking about this is what you don't
have in La Jolla vici they're not I'm
not alive there's nothing bad not about
their good old chicken tenders let's try
on the extra hot sauce for the hoary the
hoary the hot peri-peri sauce is good go
are you gonna soak it yeah I thought
you don't really like
oh maybe up the rail looks like death
that looks like that just for the record
what did it what spice did you get this
plane unit Wayne
they find giving this to yourself you
just asprova in yours lady but ginger
has with the chest
you wanna get sauce
you're crazy Bukka
and you can stand that you don't even
look red
good well i'ma say sir it's good job
your fucking nose your own bit of cheese
get the cheese nacho cheese done not lie
and say that was a really good breakfast
for like nearly 5 o'clock now film time
Straight Outta Compton finally been
needing to see this for weeks
and the purple Harris the purple Harry
still surviving record otherwise it's
like normal insane wild a wild ginger
appears in the cinema
say straight-out concert was epic so
glad I finally got around to watching it
it was really good
hi that was all the true story was just
fuckin mind-bending but definitely give
it a ten out of ten I really enjoyed it
we're now saying a farewell to the
newborn ginger of my life we can be
Straight Outta Compton I love my house
at night it's like exactly what a white
I would like it like a cream color was
like warm lighting on the outside and
then just to pack the bay out front it
was a little cootie coat god damn it
that's India saying little kitty cat
getting that stuck in my head for fuck's
sake but I'm gonna point this out can I
find any this this texture of wall that
my house is just attracts spiders so if
you're scared of spiders you will not
like my house that's a fact
all right so continuing continuing on my
daily vlog real quick what we're doing
right now is replaying some dead realm
with viewers I decided to stream am I
supposed to sleep yesterday round to it
so now instead I'm doing it today and
I'm doing some new hobbies on the new
map that came up so if you've got the
realm jump on it because it's a new map
out that you can play and it should be
god damn awesome so that's what I'm
gonna do for the next couple of hours so
if you want to play you won't see this
I'm gonna talk about you won't see this
because it's cause it the next day not
bad not bad at all today's really good
there shrimp some dead ran for an hour
that was awesome on cased or unboxed
like some csgo cases for like five
minutes didn't get fuck off wasted ten
pounds but that's not bad the productive
thing that came out with today is that
I've got two new edited csgo videos I
got a natural tow and high round
challenge going up you know like I'm
trying to be my like all high school and
just keep being and being a being which
is going successfully so that's going up
soon as well but right now it's
currently midnight yes 25:12
and I don't have any bread so we're
going on a late-night mission
I'm chef yeah we don't have your bread
so we're on a late-night mission to go
to Tesco's just gonna throw this out
here again toy I've got don't forget
guys show some insane live on the video
because we're trying to smash 50,000
like ratings a vlog now as the syndicate
army we can fucking do this in like
literally just nothing to the video it's
just that 200,000 people daily watch the
video and it's like you guys religiously
watch it but I want to know you guys are
really it's right
with it and awesome so make sure you
leave that light creighton we're gonna
go in a bit of a drive to go and yes go
get some bread this is what I'm doing
myself I'm literally just go like ant
even wait til tomorrow today I'm like I
want bread so I'm going getting bread
now I actually totally just forgot to
say that mean Ali finally got on skype
today and was like yo we've said over
the past couple years that we're gonna
make videos together when we're gonna do
it so finally starting tomorrow we're
gonna start making videos together after
like honestly five years of knowing each
other and saying like yeah let's make
content together but we see at your
events like yeah it's give me sick let's
do let's do it do it oh we never get
around to doing it bought we finally
decided that tomorrow was gonna be the
day that we record our first video like
our first proper collab together so
bring it the fuck on if we're excited
about that let me know down below and if
you got any ideas of videos mean Ally
can do together like real life
challenges or mainly particular what
kind of games we can put in challenge
like a one-on-one versus each other let
me know comments down below
I'm gonna be reading a bitch thank the
Lord for 24 hour Tesco's haha that's a
big fucking loaf of bread this is where
I do the thing of I turned up for one
thing and I'll leave with a hundred this
decision can be made any harder don't
even go Nutella peanut butter oh honey
mm-hmm I think he's definitely gonna
have to be here no it's always super
sketchy going to the supermarket at
night because everyone's just in pajamas
and if it isn't obvious that everyone in
pajamas are just serial killers then I
don't know what is young whicker's
whicker's snappers apparently that's
what I'm gonna teach you a life tip
right now when you're shopping and
you're going get yourself a loaf of
bread the bread at the front that you
pick up okay you know that you know that
bread right there that is all the bread
because it used to be at the back of the
line got pushed forward so what you want
to do is always reach to the back have a
look at the date on the bread then
you'll find out that the date on the
bread from the back is actually gonna
wash you longer so if you say you bought
if I brought bed today
when I picked it up actually said that
the date on it was what the fourth so
that's in like two days whereas this one
now says the six so I get an extra two
days out of it so just a live tip with
me and now I'm making some Nutella on
toast
did ya surviving tips what
well that's me happy decided a way to
get something done when Tim did it and I
cannot complain and mm-hmm it's also
exactly what I needed right now but
waiting doing that is not wrap up for
today I don't have anything else to do
I'm gonna go get in bed and Poli played
Mario cats so hope you enjoyed well you
did subscribe so I've got a mouthful
food now I'm so sorry that was about
that was like a bad sequence of events
through that book make sure you
subscribe to see more of my face we have
a like rating to let me know you loved
it and I will see you guys tomorrow from
the next daily blog when it comes out
every single day 6 p.m. at UK time so
until then goodbye to your faces
