Stockton in your day with a cup of tea
I'm gonna go to render 8 this vlog you
better be faster bastard oh man I look
like a potato and more importantly about
being a potato yeah yesterday yesterday
yesterday 'z yesterday's vlog was even
more late than usual because the clocks
went forward by an hour why did no one
tell me I just got bullied oh it
rendered the vlog out in five minutes
oh my god amazing I missed the day of
Alton Towers with these guys boy I'm
glad I don't walked wrong with all this
all day no do not put that on me you
know you know it's a Ken card you know
it's a Ken Ken where there's a smiley
face to the top like a goblin
there you go it's your magical card now
rub it what is it
yes live back at the grapes back on the
drink not really but it is after they so
cheers to you my friendship I'm gonna
alcohol made a cabriolet Cheers
and where's his weapon West even half
three after his birthday night of going
out drinking he's working in there so
mad respect to him and he's walked me up
something pretty goddamn nice in that
I'm going for a special which is a crab
and linguini what normal people order on
a Sunday well I all run a Sunday yeah
yeah yes for toast I think it's fair to
finally say happy birthday Cal 26 years
old according to kami happy birthday
mate Cheers 28 years old doing it so
sexually oh yeah oh yeah going gimme
kiss gimme kiss
I actually thought he's gonna like
koresh yeah
happy birthday don't tell me that whoops
do happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear
happy birthday to you hip hip hooray hip
hip all right I love a good look at it
make a wish make a good wish I go make a
really good rich house a quick wish ah
yes the bloody queue 28 years old oh my
gosh oh yeah ooh very good
I'm giving great lighting I don't even
know you're talking about May they are
the most childish candles ever seen
yeah they really are I'm so proud to
have you as your father-in-law
how does not shine it in the slightest
so so 10 years together what's your
favorite thing about him what's your
favorite thing about cow all right you
know mate wait what's your favorite
thing about what watch if everything
about him no I said I love you you're
the best you're the best brother in law
you last fall you'll be what you yeah
you know I was like let's take a photo
and then apparently I don't even get to
be in the family phone I'm the one
taking oh that looks like a lovely cake
wait where's it from where is it from
Morrison's Lou I did think it was gonna
be from Asda Gayle oh that's not ours is
extra special that's Morrison's Mathis
love it it's not one please you know me
hello you see this what's your upload
speed boom
they live in a farm in the middle of
nowhere and they get faster in enemy
listen bro you look a lot like brains
out of her Thunderbirds you got brains
oh I like brains out Thunder I am NOT
walking Alice he's driving me yo again
failed I thought it was nine o'clock at
night I'm like yea gone streaming time
perfect me
it's bloody 10 p.m. at night and more
importantly I just got news that a
Rubeus legend just hit a million viewers
on a live stream what mate
ninjas highest record was like I think
like 360 is someone that with out Drake
and I think that's completely wrong
actually but then with Drake it was like
600,000 and they'll reboost you stream
to like a tournament of summer and hit a
million that is crazy
I ordered an uber I got goober extra
small AKA o make the spoon but extra
small is great i love it
thanks guys don't get me wrong I like I
don't want to walk home so I'll shut up
and take the ride book short actually
got you one more birthday present close
your eyes
pleasure I seriously fix your mic
what's going on refunds it's gonna weep
Alice has heated so much tonight that
she's literally bursting at the seams
takk stain I fucking hate you
goodbye farewell auf wiedersehen choose
I don't even I need to learn that would
see you I provide much love happy
birthday gray which means I can stream
honestly all that just reminds a stream
so I'm going in this wait wait wait go
to this office I'm turning on an AC unit
I'm going into my office I'll have my
kind of monster energy drink I'm going
to sit here and I'm gonna play some died
up a quick stream here mustache out to
dimke thank you very much never fly
searly and Fergus wrote Ralph
thank you very much drunk guys
appreciate it's almost time ladies and
gentlemen it's almost time it is Monday
which on this lawyer soon there buddy
there's actually Monday today insomnia
16 what's that face about no no what's
up guys show that show them your face
show your deep dude a big yeah that's
Alice he's now faced with Alice he's
like do I hear you doing promo in the
distance well the catching that was a
good cat
there they are ladies and gentlemen the
limited edition wristbands that you can
only get I install you see if you guys
are gonna be there which apparently
there's gonna be a hell of a lot of you
and there's only like 500 500 wristbands
limited edition wristbands that you can
collect we've got Weaver at least one
every single show and there's five to
these so once they're gone they're gone
Alice would love to show these off look
and if you turn around look at that six
teats at you bloody genius okay high
five
sweet oh uh yeah it's gonna be a crazy
but I'm really look forward to it but to
everyone asking questions that what the
response look like this is what they
were like yes I'm going it is gonna be
litter more importantly I'm gonna be
there my mom's gonna be there Al's gonna
be there India's gonna be there cows
gonna be there is Ken Ken coming down
for day no no no Ken Paula's gonna be
there
aunty pol is gonna be there the squad
farm is gonna be there and it's gonna be
an amazing event and I'm really really
looking forward to it so if you guys
haven't decided you're going yet pop
down for the day pop down for a weekend
get there or be square and I've got to
make the decision of whether or not one
drink and insomnia because I love
meeting funds and the meeting viewers
and stuff like that but the one thing I
hate about these events is the hangovers
because you know we get drunk together
and it gets a bit crazy and it gets me
intense especially at the pub quiz and I
do not want to feel like crap
we're meeting you guys so I may have to
make the mental the mind the man the man
the mighty decision to decide upon not
drinking it insomnia so I can have a
clear fresh brain but I have said that
every single event so far and then I
drink hmm hey looking forward to it
genuinely oh yeah you're just reunite
with India so you're well the regs that
regulate you don't look too happy
I literally car is such a fake smile
what do we do it do we need to rebrand
do we need to rerun from syndicates a
life of Tom original LOD original what
what's original we are the oh jeez life
of some waft what that's a good boy god
damn women you smart but either way I'm
going thank you very much for watching
today's vlog if you did enjoy Alex wants
me to side some more leaflets so if you
buy anything from syndicate regional
calm in the next two days you'll have
the chances of getting a sign leaflet
with your order so get your honor a nice
oh I'm sorry self okay bad eh this is
good so anyway I'm serving tonight
twitch.tv freshness and see you guys be
there obese crab much love adios
