day - zero lost it that's it my throat
is dead my throat is dry I am fucking
totally dead poor goodbye a room you
satisfied everything I needed whilst I
was a at some near 55
we're going now guys we've got the nice
stupidly long drive home in a torrential
rain so so spooky it's just spooky yep
that yet they young the lights to tell
it's work just thought we might as well
film one last time in the I'm gonna
cognitive vlog adore but look at all
covered the corridor walking the vlogger
door well as far as I can tell no one
knifed knifed knifed and no knife any
more wheels and no one keyed it so kind
of appreciate that guys I've heard bad
rumors gaming events people taking the
cars like particular like streamers are
youtubers and them getting their shit
fucked with so appreciate you guys not
doing that
however the 10,000 Flyers put through my
car window when I left it open for three
days that that was real funny I thought
I got a parking ticket bought on closer
inspection I think it's fun
well I 55 is officially officially about
we're leaving now yeah yeah we still got
this pen she stills probably showered
and she stood at some fucking panel over
did a good job she's a good sister and
yeah let's go home goodbye Reno goodbye
random things goodbye fucking weather
and this is gonna be a long-ass show
because there's a car crash partway
where I'm going but hopefully we're
gonna fly all the way up that to the
crash very fast so 1157 let's see what
time we get home you son of a bitch I
got like really far into the trip
the sudden boom traffic's this fucking
sucks and it says somebody sticking it
about no one oh Jesus Almighty noise of
noises holy fucking shit that noise that
you can hear right now is my beer
dispenser in my kitchen it's no sir
that's a big machine there that pumps
out pints of beer but after I've just
got back from insomnia I do not wanna
drink for like a good solid ten years so
the fact that this now is reminding me
there's alcohol I can't believe this so
loud right now I've never voted that
well before it does turn itself off they
just keep cellphone but I'm back I'm now
just making shortly insomnia vlog from
yesterday went well and then I'm gonna
head it today's sorry today's warned
which is the 31st of August but he was
actually yesterday's video
it's weird catch-up game where I'm back
and yeah it was a good Drive I actually
flew by and I actually be everyone else
who took the train when I drove so fuck
fucking yeah well I realized today I've
never once in my entire life owned a
Nintendo console so I'm gonna get in a
Nintendo Wii right now from game getting
Mario Kart and I'm gonna learn to get
MLG at Mario Kart
so watch this space well after getting
back apparently and there's a model
scene going on right now but getting
back I did go and get a Nintendo Wii
which is awesome
taller gods of all geeks are warped into
a bunch of my friends that I didn't know
I was gonna see for like another two
weeks or something but it was good to
see all that book look at this everyone
moved into a nice new apartment and just
checking it out which is awesome so I'll
give you a little I'll show you all that
small room is my brother it's not Robert
this is Lee hello hello there you go you
guys have seen it before on my christmas
stuff but my like my brother light was
closer to me now did you just say who's
that if I took it's a video some vlogs
I'm talking to myself yeah so this is my
vlog in China so like so this is what
I'm saying there is a ginger in the
family which is great so like but that's
why that's bouncing yes that's what I'm
saying I love ginger people alright
yeah my brother's now like used to look
really far away from me like well I say
30 40 minutes away but now it was about
five minutes away from you so I get to
see my brother a lot more which is great
so yeah check this view out now that is
what I call a guide down yeah it's
beautiful one I'm not even kidding from
here you can actually see my house up
there
so it's absolutely insane I'm gonna show
you as well it's up to each other as
well chase our Rosie
there is look look at this little thing
and then Jenna Jenna yo
what water this water this Lea what are
this it cooked me a goddamn meal what
the fuck yo my brother's actually
capable of cooking shenanigans I'm not
even gonna wait for him I'm gonna try it
first so are you ready for my first ever
impression of Mike this the first time
my brother's ever cooked for me
