and that I am only had a solid one and a
half hours sleep on top I'm only having
five hours sleep the night before on top
of having shit loads of alcohol and now
I need to go meet hundreds and hundreds
of fans but luckily I already tweeted
out yesterday apologizing that I'm gonna
be hungover today so that doesn't make a
difference
I'm completely fucked last night was
incredible I've had so many awesome
people and I did exactly what to do and
it's I spent my entire day with old
people who watched my videos and then at
night I got absolutely drunk with people
who watch my videos who were over 18 so
I have a blast if you were there you
know how awesome it was and you can hear
my voice is a little bit rap apart from
being hungover and everything I'm doing
an okay job so far but I just want
support everyone here inside
it's raining trying to be so sneaky
right now going through like the food
area like when someone spots you you
just gotta be like jeepers the sneaky so
I'm just pretending I'm like on my phone
and just pumping into people like right
and center and it's fucking chopping it
down I told you it was gonna rain I told
you it's gonna rain look look at this
guy sexual thing definitely a good vibe
you're what all right you're all getting
pulled out by Cal now sorry again we're
on the talk show final thing and as
usual
we're losing we're not doing good like
we took a question so we should be doing
this you're doing video games questions
about
it's not just golf stage by stage of
just day with these legends like these
two over it this guy actually introduced
him to my video so if it wasn't pain you
won't even know would you know anyway I
just thought throwing a vlog of this
little ninja over here with ali-a the
tall giant behind involved yeah see I
love it just look at this man these two
you look like warriors who have into
battle and you're done you're so done
boys you're doing you more than any way
you like but the casino killed
everyone's just wounded everyone
especially we meet again vlogging
corridor it's like I'm always here but I
just took a bit of a bit of a break a
bit of time out just on my own just want
to kind of like settle not talking to
Alex you meet a lot of people through
the industries and stuff who you know
always want to chat talk to you about
their game or promoting their so
promoting that or anything on meeting
funds and like it's awesome but you do
have three days and you've been non-stop
with like fans and then every minute
it's really overwhelming so I just went
took a minute chilled out in my room and
now I'm going doing the last like
meet-and-greet over at my booth which is
gonna be absolutely fucking insane so
bring it on final day final people
everyone you say hello
yeah happy birthday happy birthday happy
birthday
my god would you look at this there's
only 300 of these in the world 300 these
in the world
this isn't like pristine condition and
it belongs to this man really signing
your condoms yeah that's it we're done
day three is over I'm gonna obviously
keep vlogging but that's it day three is
done and dusted we're showing that this
is what happens as soon as like it
closes as soon as a shop shot close the
doors
everyone goes inside lockdown mode
that's quite an absolutely mental and
these guys right here emptying all our
stuff taking our stock back everything I
have no idea what this looks good down
insane but as Darren helping us up and
this guy again helped us out yeah great
honestly great trip to start the day I
was like feeling really really damn sick
and hungover but now I'm actually
feeling alright so I just got my things
this is where I now get to go around
event once it's closing and buy things
so I just bought Wolverine because it's
a little durable think the best thing
about being the boss the best thing
about being the boss because I don't
have to clear it all up I just get to
stop walk and wow you did a good job
Alice you did good fuck you love your
neighbor Alice oh my god I'm such a fun
fun be serious what's that white stuff
on your face like I was saying it is
completely the end of the trip now my
hand is shaking I'm not hungry I'm gonna
turn a camera around oops now I'm upside
down but we'll carry on going here boy
I'm super tired like completely
exhausted but India it's been an amazing
food and you guys seem to love him in
the comments subscribe boy chill out
with friends and just enjoy a good
company so
goodbye neck my eyes they also India
what are you doing what are you doing
Sakhi to get me yogurt tickets if my
looking at your crackhead just so damn
tired I don't want to do anything we all
ended up see a bunch of people just
chilling out so we have were just
showing our relaxing I'm alright your
thanks guy keeps trying to give me
champagne at one your damn champagne I'm
not an alcoholic
this is a non-alcoholic beverage right
now because I am so tired
well thank you nonetheless oh the grand
gesture
well it's a sad day but I have to say
goodbye to all these other people will
Beth I'm so sorry I like ready we just
had a photo that you didn t know this is
this is mid vlog for Beth is actually as
awesome as you think she is in real life
so thank you for all the woman and the
hard work we put into mine and my
community loves you to pieces you are a
cheap
