good morning world where today we are in
the same corridor I walk down oh my god
my voice is very raspy but today's the
second day of insomnia the side a which
is most likely going to be the busiest
day so the longest ever meeting fans
meet powerful they ever done in my life
but I'm ready for it can be fun I'm
going on the main stage doing awesome
stuff and we're just gonna see how
things go it's gonna get a little bit
not and I will be sure to vlog it so
don't get green Chinese is like daily
vlogs even I have missed one day when I
flew from LA to England actually like
rain and nectar chaos begin well I just
got to the stand this sneaky guys
getting in there by just wait say hello
to Daniel because it's the first one
he's beautiful family because there's a
first person to meet me in the stand
today and this is going to be chaos all
day so you know first guy the other day
who has got a limited ition I'm lashed
to charge anyone he does not win edition
Bob he's got swag out anyway so I got
anyway this guy's got a little
additional 2000 these in the world
mushroom off his name spot I won't think
it's about just cruising along eating my
boy and I bump into this guy what to be
in the vlog so I just like throwing
minutes off there you go with your navy
virus virus that's a sick name all right
g'day good sir good day now we're
waiting backstage before we go on and
the first event of the day like me it's
not the opening ceremonies the opening -
so Keegan's I'm getting day opening
ceremony yes so we're going doing that
today it's gonna be good - sweet and
swag and then we're also get off I'm
gonna wait around and do another with
warmer oh yeah where the what so much
damn pressure on a purple hair guy on a
bald guy ah
amazing people this event I like get up
a shot don't want you in it I want this
guy in it hello I love this guy
Kellogg's give you a quick story about
palliative you guys know him all right
the way this guy works is the first ever
gaming event I went to euro game and I
we play first match ever he let me stay
on his couch in my mum's house in his
mum's house and we've known each other
for like five years he's the homie he's
literally when you can say one of the
good guys
I love him he's a champion thank you
much game in words thank you this is my
team two passions so I do make taking
something to the right to the chaos so
we're going to go for walk out and just
cause how on earth
basically I had to leave my stall just
because of how mentally busy it is so
there's now like a stupidly stupidly
ridiculous crowd of people
so we're paper basically playing snake
around the entire venue because I look
at that crowd of people going from the
boot it's just stupid so I'm sneaking
all the way back round hopefully what
sister organizes it so yeah like
everyone's like it's become like a
misguided but I could see it right we're
going this way just causing chaos one
like one set this is literally the
biggest line of conga ever so wish me
luck alright so I tried my best to work
with girls getting tempted right just do
my best to just make sure I can get
everyone to say I said hello to at least
everyone so don't sell
always beautiful people so I'm now going
to interview and guys just fingering
away so like me but thank you very much
understanding the awesome how about
afterwards so now the planet schedule is
I'm doing an interview with these fine
gentlemen for Jagex janux jagex what is
it officially Jagex I always say it
wrong but I'm doing a view them about
runescape that white lie behind me a
gamer I've always always played and it's
like I always quit it and I was back
it's like the most addicting game ever
so I'm gonna do a cool interview with
these guys should be pretty awesome and
then I'm gonna go back downstairs into
the craziness that is meeting you guys
like I love it but it just gets
overwhelming is anything so we'll just
see how things go and see if my sister's
still alive so that's chase so I decided
to do your makeup what do you think of
that net what are those honestly it
looks like I've trapped my finger in the
door
and like I got a sharpie and completely
fucked up and the thing is even if I
rubbed it off it's stupid look if fat
which is zoomed in to your face right
now
god damn oh my god welcome back hey guys
welcome to beauty school where today Ali
Alistar don't know why I'm sat like this
either we do a beauty school early this
is called the chaperoning the chaperone
and we're know looking fabulous so Ali's
got one black nail but I'm gonna give
him the fuck it oh gosh my gosh I go to
my lover's Goldson man go literally
Goldfinger just accomplice and it's
going public
Oh shape at times just quite it looks
dope but hold two colors look sharp open
this yeah a little bit would you hire me
again to do your nails man okay you're
on Degrassi
I got career is this not career well it
was gonna put a massive penis oh wait no
and he decided to do I love this is good
oh you're artistic
I love Ali a love you mate I love you
bro oh good which love think about so
get a bunch of people tweet me like
random things all the time but this guy
to Eve and I just happened to catch it
you said tweet me Tom just anything
reply and I will dye my hair purple and
long behold did it yeah you awesome
person a little air dust David just
David they go we could say hello to the
Internet and hey he's a legend I just
wanted to be known and made a parent
that Ben and I have the best cord there
don't win we got the best girl hair and
we got the best teacher something he's
got a bear tee shot on his limited
edition because the beast
you know what's rarer than two thousand
limited-edition shirts there's only 300
of these gold digger ones ever this was
the first year we ever got ourselves
well autumn on cork here I'm here a guy
you should follow us on Twitter our key
other way out yes all the wishes
self-promotion but he deserves it he's
got one of them 300 shows that ever
exists so does your piece let's get on
with things
so just finish like me in a lot of
people but look at this guy's hair look
at this guy's yeah we're like a family
of purple hair legends face crazy just
met literally like 200 300 people and it
was awesome so thank you guys for saying
whoa you're a survivor he knows he knows
he's swagger he knows what are you doing
to me it's been a long day
she's so wid all right so I just did I
did like a meet-and-greet outside like
that was like 300 people actually and
now I'm doing like a signing ding of the
boot with to be cool it's good I hope
people don't think I'm like being rude
or like wasting their time but I do like
photos only and then I go somewhere else
to do signings on and just cause it's
faster it's just efficient some people
still don't get this whole thing but
like trust me it was the best way of
doing it
well that was crazy just follow these
people
yeah mothers alright I just like so I
did like a 400 photo I just got quickly
on this bush for a bit I'll be straight
off and I'll happily do it don't you
worry so I have did a meet-and-greet for
photos only and that was insane
and I was like following me and great
only no signings and then I just did
signatures only and and then just roofer
like like 200 people furniture people
signing stuff he was crazy so I met a
few few thousand people today like
separately oh no one cares it rolls us
is streaming yeah yeah it was it was
pretty damn crazy but now I'm going
upstairs doing a walking with it on so
that's what you go you guys enjoying the
boss yes play some dead room it was
absolutely awesome so you do this oh
yeah I did look thank you very much so
yeah before I fall down the bus that was
a good session super fun it's one more
laughter than to do tomorrow and it's
getting sick right at the end of the day
it's now hop us six I'm just getting my
vlog out I just did the collaboration
video with wax that's going public today
which is awesome Beth just being ginger
being Beth just chilling and what what
is this it's the office office down to
move but I'm just trying to get the vlog
out day one of insomnia which was not I
just don't want to call it so I should
just call it in so many day one which I
am I'm gonna call it but it's just a
stressful thing trying to try to do this
all to do with my mind my mind's just
been hi guys any other and I what's your
name I've just been like doing the same
routine meeting fans all day every day
today so it's been bonkers pop quiz
tonight expect box of drinking and
alcohol on loud noises alright so what
I'm trying to do is just edit the vlogs
together like I said but what it's just
I can't get the bit what are you doing
Nick Nick from razor what are you doing
revenge for Ben no net Nick Nick come on
mate you know I'm just gonna steal
another one you know I'm just gonna
steal it back
Nick you know I'm just gonna sit Nicky
not what a dick Nick is such a dick
changed readied hair on purple damn
point it's time to go to the pop quiz
every year insomnia they do a pop quiz
that's crazy it's already started some
weight bought Alice India Paul my mom
down there best down there Nick from
razor so I'm gonna go down this like my
vlogging corridor
kinda like it when there's no more on it
when these people on air and I'm trying
to vlog I'm like
just delete that voyage we will do that
and yeah this is where you see a lot of
people drinking alcohol so prepare your
fucking faces chaos
dude I'm back with this guy again I just
want to show the weather like it was
about to get storm going down tonight
but yeah bring it on
it's alcohol time oh my god we know JD
listen listen this is what's going on
with a pop quiz
I'm sorry across from these audios
Buster's also known as jocks past is is
it if I win the quiz do you ever change
if you're telling your the answer is if
I win you have to change your channel
name to Young's Gus from Project right
and if they win I'm changing my char
name to jokes calsilica for a whole week
amazing yeah yeah yeah um maybe music
right oh shit this is laughs this is
totally awesome deal all right so like
I'm at this pub quiz at I 55 and I met
this girl and she's so fucking nice wait
you might be she's over there what wants
that I'll show her show you like just
look at them legs just look at thatmy
waving your bloke
there was not so much alcohol this boy
so as much as I do not condone drinking
alcohol I'm over here at the donut stand
with this legend and these fabulous of
people in here and I said can I borrow
something to carry as much alcohol as
possible and they returned me with this
my night is made guys thank you so much
I am now going to get more drunk because
of you all right
may you sleep well tonight just not too
many Jager bombs right I think I'm on my
bike six-year bug but my table is still
higher therefore I failed my job so far
but the yogscast is so hot as well come
on shadow is just going down is a shot
this it's not an afternoon tea drink the
fuck now you've already finished it
there you go
they don't die before us by a
Jagermeister
I failed my job alcohol I have no idea
what's going on right now we're trying
to work it out and soon as we find out
where are we going
I true let's go there and hate you for
the boat race let's go yes yes
there's a lot of people but I mean in
this industry oh yeah let's compare
penis sizes again alright what were you
doing it's what people in the FIFA
community that shit at FIFA young lot of
people in the FIFA community go shit
videos I'll tell you this one of the
best people community people I've ever
met is this guy a nice genuine fact swag
my vision stay down to earth and be a
good guy the careers going to take the
bar and guess what it fucking sucks at
FIFA
oh my god
right
aside the
gallinger's throughout
Oh
come on Big Boy you got this guy you
fuck my Jesus cyclist
that was fucking insane and that might
be basically annihilator winners a used
house come on run
fist bump this book good job more from
with Roger intercept a race we serve I
was like yeah to pay for 200 a 40 bees
what a damage nine hundred and nine
hundred and six pounds
the damage is done so i guess i Baloo's
it thought it was worth every single
moment so you can laugh all you want but
it was worth every single minute so
fucking best beer race ever
I am so ready for this oh my god
Dance Dance Revolution 3 alright so oh
my god this my jam' oh shit why not
what's going on
so tonight has just been insanely busy
like even from the point like I did I
did the boat race so what usually goes
at these vents you go to the quiz and
there's a boat race and the boat races
like the members of the like community
in sense of you know they work in the
industry like game and tour Beach and
Astro and Razer and stuff and I was like
fuck that I'm going outside and just
getting as many people together and did
it so about every single person a drink
to the point was like nearly a thousand
pound bill just to get like thirty
people wants out and thirty people just
drink alcohol so we did it and my side
once I was happy about that the fact
that the name was team Satan versus
Jesus is at all a different story but
we're now so goddamn hungry we've just
been working all day and then just drank
alcohol so we're very fucking overran so
from wherever I left off tonight I ended
up going out to casino I lost like 300
pounds not in weight like I lost 300
pounds in cash in British money and it
was awesome and then yeah the night just
kind of like carried on drinking alcohol
it's not good for you don't advise it
but a good night was good friends and
family and shit and that was pretty much
that
so I'm now back in my bed it's 3:30 4:00
a.m. the morning and I have to be up at
10 o'clock to go meet you guys for a
meet-and-greet or something like that
so yeah sorry about this beam like the
most unprofessional vlog ever but shit
happens I just have to throw this out
there I don't really like ginger people
still I've met a lot of ginger fans
today and I just think like you guys are
too ginger like you're very you're kind
of there's ginger in this very ginger
and then there's like ginger people who
have glasses I'm just like they're
particularly ones that I don't like so
stay awesome I love you guys faces and
subscribe to see more of my face that's
what we say around in make sure you live
like right now I have no idea what this
fucking thing is on the wall looks like
a bomb
so yes hopefully the hotel won't blow up
soon so I love your faces and goodbye
