one of the mental most people haven't
come in yet which could have been
breakfast now being Elise Lee's sister
release and yeah pretty hungry but I
never really breakfast when I go to
these shows just because it feels on my
stomach I just kind of don't feel well
and um plants are thing but screw it
bring it on we'll go and again when I'm
vlogging everyone's like okay you're
doing your freak
oh yeah India your breath is nice is it
nice it's so nice I'm like zooming in
and out right dad's having breakfast
neighbor Alice is working difficult
moves and yeah are we ready for day one
gang we ready ready yep yeah sweet that
was chaos
well the stand is looking pretty set up
now we just got to look opposed is your
friend Emma into this in fact can throw
and get me sounds like you're pretty
good looks like just clean and neat and
professionals I even like this well Evan
just does such a good job at the designs
and I'll still an epic job swagging it
up
beast mode activated yeah so I just
decided to vlog this only fucking shit
there's so many people all right George
are you doing on set down I just decided
to come out here and fill with you that
is a fair few miles people
it shall be that so bad security hate me
at this event so I've got to get out of
here now and take people inside so all
right good bye guys I'll see you inside
see this is what I'm talking about only
two thousand in the world and Sam and
its dad I'm guessing over here just
snuck past me and I was like nice
t-shirt so I just managed to get me the
blog sorry I've got these people set
next equation and this legendary man
over here we'll just wait we're waiting
backstage before the calm but the cat is
the calm before the storm right now so
yeah my wish went out in gold right now
like full-on VIP stutters and the purple
hair just with matches really well so
this is about to be notes I just saw
everyone enter through the front door
and it was just it is chaos I've already
disappointed so many people because well
I could get a boat and I'm like I gotta
go somewhere so hopefully if you guys
understand that I have like a schedule
things to do so I have to do this but
then any minute spare of the day I'm
gonna be spent meeting you guys so do
not panic it is all gonna be okay so
this is like all those from behind the
scenes so we got like all these guys
work done TDM and some other people just
turn it right now bye
just can't just been weird like we go
out and just announce like this on the
first day we go out and announce like
the opening ceremony like what we're
doing where we're gonna be the entire
time and stuff like that so I've got to
be like I'm gonna be at my booth all the
time never walking away from it once so
it's going to be really cool but I can
guarantee like now you see up for energy
wait until you see me tomorrow I am
gonna be dipped
all right now all right so we got that
done awesome hot burn was chaos alright
so now to go and meet as many people as
possible so let the chaos begin
alright I'm joined with this legend
right now and I just want to do a shout
out to Seneca senpai
you're awesome because of him this
happened alright so thank him a lot yeah
number one so this is why I have to do
it events alright I'm here with all
these crazy people and this guy comes up
to me with his mom and says sign my
forehead this what is wrong with you
people right right so if it feels like
I'm drawing something rude the chances
are well just randomly find the Mod
Squad from Twitter guys contain the
chaos your bender
this guy's the worst this is absolutely
awesome I get back taking photos and
stuff so yeah alright so I'm here join
with Ethan checks out not only is he
wearing a riot line shirt he's got blue
hair I've got purple this time for check
what is this
she made a lion that is adorable but you
can if you can see closely it's just
sitting on it and bay but it's got the
Illuminati eye and it's so you sir an
absolute legend what I'll do is I'll
take you over to the stand I'll have you
look like a free shirt girl thank you
wicked legend
just sick you're going to love my mom
but all my subscribe I know that's
exactly what it's gonna say let's have a
nice moment we actually really do like
Jesus Christ because I like how I've
been praying here this is this is how I
have to literally tilt it up words for
you how totally it
that's the s63 are you 5 9 i climb down
yeah what's it like being my height is
really weird like everyone just looks
big but fYI the legends of game is
subscribed thing I meant every single
word of it but we're not involved in
that right now so I don't care I love
this guy is the homie we're gonna go
with you you know we'll go walk in other
people's balls all right well we're
getting miked up guess who's arrived
this I love this guy I love you so much
you're such a good man every event that
I go to like alleys kind of never there
but like it was awesome even you weren't
lost that way like it was a whole year
ago yeah like all you like I love this
guy to pieces I'm glad he's here we're
gonna get very drunk we're gonna
outdrive well not in that order
we're gonna go out driving then then
come back after I beat him cuz he's
slower driving and it gets stupid later
on
I made the mistake of pulling down the
bottle war and I don't want it cock it
is every other month yeah so I do every
month in here in the UK and one fin LA
and travel back and forth all the time
so I do YouTube like I absolutely love
YouTube but like I'm trying to do like
you know this thing might not last
forever so it's like doing all this
stuff in life so it's pretty cool man I
put out like one tweet saying I was at
the booth check this out everyone will
say hello before so these guys I met
these two lovely ladies on that last
time but she brought this a little
slight like swagged out College Board in
my face and now that was absolutely
awesome but then this one is showing the
update move on brothers depart was just
free sweat right I tell you what because
they brought some cool swag
to show me I'll give them some free swag
his pal and this year they brought this
what's your name's Selena
oh you guys are awesome right now yeah
this guy the Emperor came all the way
from Belgium in Belgium to see me into a
live edition show this guy is a legend
and I'm assuming this is it that over in
throwing him in a block alright I'm just
throwing these guys in the vlog and
going to say hello you can say let's go
plug as well we got spin 18 room welcome
to chaos right now these guys like y'all
I found a stranger Oh what is your face
doing it's fabulous wag linton found him
outside like a homeless man I found him
I rescued him
well I rescued both of them you're just
you just homeless cretinous huh I love
how I walk up to the truck shop and I
see these guys here and I'm like yo buy
me a mars bar and they did some massive
shouts and these guys pause he's got a
women at shirts with a legend yes you
guys what is a know so evil I'm about to
scare the shit out of them let's go yeah
I would just like to point out how
awesome Amy sure is because she drew my
line and I signed it so it's official
now versus indica original piece of
Awesome clothing it is it's wagging see
you go to Vince Ellis to check this out
I got Sonic over here also known as
Steph but she's done a great job of the
cosplay so I'm just kind of wait to put
here and say hello I come to an event
like this I meet I'm in ginger what is
this this wild-ass pairing up we almost
kissed them so emotional this just got
bought we're still here with Mod Squad
right now odd squad plus ginger
Mod Squad question we're gonna get we're
probably gonna get drew tonight it's a
thing that's gonna happen soon you'll
see videos you're already drunk and this
is why I do news about chairs of the day
hmm go to events and I mean horrible
people like these guys to the worst of
the get out of my face well day one of
me in Greece is pretty much over it's
come pretty well now I don't know what
time it is exactly but I've had one beer
and I'm tempted whether or not I really
want to go get drunk with all the twitch
mods and stuff like just because I was a
radio gone in the kitchen just because
like I want to be fresh to meet everyone
tomorrow and don't have any Hongo over
so I've got make like a really important
decision now and most the time I just
say yes great I'll get drunk but I don't
know how I feel about that so we said it
all girls were going out for food now
though I'm going out for like
so this should go good other than that
bring the night on the vlog should kind
of get interesting from from now on all
right sounds go get some food in our
bellies are we all okay all right let's
go so tired
great no you can't really go wrong with
being out up high and get a back massage
so this is what we're gonna do like I
was supposed to my food and good Oh
today's a good day we got me done and
the old man's good himself and guess
what I'll show you why today's a very
good day start with a kimono we made
beside ground because of these guys we
did good boys we did good we did very
good seriously as a friend to a friend
yep you've seen them all day you better
I'm almost blind you better live with
them are you ready to show what we're
talking wrong
I'm Way too tight and I it's like the
first night of the event we've got two
more days to go I'd rather go to bed now
and I sound like such a fucking adult
and sit with her I sound like such an
adult but I'd rather go to bed now wake
up tomorrow I'll be freshest pork meat
load of people and that's fine I'm not
taking a photo of you I'm telling myself
it's gonna vlog so I'd rather like just
go to bed now like I thought I was
filming him he was like no no no no I
was like you know that important filming
myself oh yeah rather just go to bed
have a good night's sleep and wake up
and meet all you guys we wrap things up
nice and went to bed so we've enjoyed
this video if you have make sure you
leave a like rain subscribe and
hopefully you'll see more of my face and
that wraps up only day one day one I've
been Sam Nia take one this there's two
more days to go and I sound like I'm
like not happy about it
I'm totally stoked to meet as many as
you guys as possible but like it is
overwhelming I hate letting people down
I try to meet as many people as I can
and when I see parents you're like my
kids queued up all day to see I'm just
like I'm just one guy you plays video
games puts it earlier than that and
people enjoy it so that's that so if you
ever meet me in public guys I'm
genuinely just a 22 year old who just
likes doing my job so that's about that
so hopefully I'll see you guys soon stay
awesome like I said and yeah well just
keep on keep on vlogging on this channel
so I'll see more of your guys faces
later on so much love if you were in the
blog today from the event hello and
goodbye
