good morning world and welcome to do UK
back oh my god were here we survived and
here is my new patio with rain on it
it's been a really durable day in
England last night overnight but I did
not sleep whatsoever I was up til I got
in bed at about 10 o'clock and I was
that round went to bed and then I
decided to Skype someone and then I was
up for two hours
fell asleep don't want to fell asleep I
was like right yep I'm good
bought like an idiot of some reason I
said a while on my phone to wake me up
in two hours time woke up Caroline
skyping and I was wait till 6 a.m. yeah
so today we are traveling down to I 55
which is going to be the gaming event of
the century yoginis gonna be awesome and
I'm looking forward to meet a lot of you
guys bought for the first time yeah I'm
gonna drive down that I usually take the
train to these events but this time no I
am in fact going to get it done and I'm
going to diddily diddily drive it's
about two hours hopefully we can do it
in 30 minutes if I want to get 10,000
speeding tickets but let's let's go and
do this this sounds good well at least
the weather is nice today which is
pretty good oh look at this arrived now
we got to try and get it gonna get it
from there down where God fuck you know
you've got to be having a lot so in my
kind of got like a built in sat-nav and
my phone I've got a built-in start
having everything and my grandad fucking
big Erie Britain serious oh my god such
a legend well I got jizzed on I don't
know what's going on but now to the car
to car wash I'm just gonna get cleaned
and before I head down that fellow with
petrol and then fly on down it's gonna
be a long-ass journey so hopefully it'd
be fun I've done like an hour and a half
drive before but I've never done
anything over two hours if I can do this
faster then I will like it says two and
a half hours because of traffic but I
thought you can do it in like hour 45
two hours if traffic's not bad so
fingers crossed
oh dude rub in my car yeah it should
pretty sweet so just fingers crossed
that traffic king baby - you bet I'm set
off at like 120 so like well that's what
I'm gonna be saying on sir
it's pretty good so let's fucking do
this adventure we are all fueled that
we're ready to go up about fifty quid in
it so hopefully it says 265 miles should
get us there but if my driving is
atrocious I'm actually gonna change it
to honest I'll show you I'm actually
going to change it to efficiency
obviously it won't drive as fast but it
will save me a lot of fuel so yeah let's
do that who's been flick a so yeah let's
fucking go bitches traffic sucks that
was actually a surprisingly nice Drive I
thought it was gonna be a lot worse but
when I got on the m6 toll or whatever it
was it was fucking epic the road was so
smooth but I made it there you go
there's the thumbnail yeah made it here
it's pretty good Ali A's comer didn't
know
and so I text him he was right driving
down I'm gonna try and see where he's at
probably is gonna get stupidly drunk
with him this weekend which should be
pretty damn awesome you know what
actually yeah I should get my bags I'm
missing the bags in the hotel so it's
fucking fucking do this weekend this
would be sick just got here check this
guy's toe yeah he's got the Heisenberg
and he's got the life C sharp this guy
this guy this guy's a fucking legend it
comes through every single event just
there is the MVP all right would you
just look at it here we go the next
three days are gonna spend in this room
just hiding and escaping from the chaos
but now I never go into this room over
then sleep in so sleeping resting repeat
in fucking my bitches taking names it's
gonna be going down for the next three
days in this room so yeah you were great
much love
oh and I totally forgot my sister was
like oh when you drive down here make
sure you bring the two things I was like
watch that one a USB stick so let's see
if one I have a USB stick the answer the
answer the answer is a resounding no
what a surprise Tommy's useless at
anything but she also asked me to bring
the massive box of chocolate a tub of
chocolate that is actually mine that she
bought for my birthday but she wanted me
to bring it so great I don't even get my
own shit so alright we got we got bitter
awesome setup going on right here
you know it's huge holy shit that's what
she said okay this is this is much
bigger oh my god holy fucking shit this
is like twice the size it normally is oh
my god and then there's neighbor Alice
right I'm gonna go say hi mom how you
doing
is it going well he's dressed it's going
well I didn't crash I was fine driving
was fine terrible but it was good
I could just hear a massive version of
myself why am I on the screen that big
what is this this is not supposed to be
happening who has done this shenanigans
just I was walking along as I can hear
myself what who is doing wait wait
where's your cable there's a cable the
cable I was like god damn it ray this is
all your fault you know check this for a
gaming set they've got like the
microphone professional cameras lighting
the the lot this is a whole streaming
rig which hopefully I'm going to try and
steal obviously I'm not gonna steal it
but look at it we got our sound boards
and shit man
and they're stepping off I need to step
up my game she's got monster fridge and
everything raisin of tritanus boss I'm
gonna show you the bus from the outside
real quick it's all thanks to this guy
but like check this out so it's just a
moveable bus so if I ever decide to
leave my house I'm gonna get a bus just
like this park it outside McDonald's
have like a whole streaming rig in it
like and just live in a boss that I can
do my job on the move in like how much
of a good idea is that there's so much
down the swag I think this is the best
lineup of clothes we brought to an event
we got a ages or I guess life's too
short
matrix and then we've got the Illuminati
over there like the designs are really
fucking sick yes yo this is sick check
this out football I'm gonna run down
here this could be the my first ever
time to run nude across a football pitch
is that right can I do that gonna run no
oh okay well he said no no running nude
across the football pitch but they don't
know how is that now this is what I'm
talking about investing power pellet
production so you got packing on chasing
them and it's just like retro so you're
like what like war propaganda for it's
fucking awesome so the company's got
frag we're so you can go check them out
and then this one I love it as well like
this is this is so good to stop the
invasion before it start
oh this guy is so good
Alice you're a beast you run this
company so well fucking man you see this
is why I said this guy is the homie all
right watch this he got the gold digger
limited edition sure you ain't got the
last who shot the relationship and she
was got the alumina alumina dishes sure
so that is what you call a true
syndicate original collector you are my
friend
the homie like the superwoman the fact
that he's even got the tattoos on it
like goes above and beyond sir I love
this guy I love this guy I see all the
time so if you've got all three then
you're asking but what I'm gonna do now
is sign them this is the thing is like
if you've got the trifecta a sign name
you've got the completed completed
alright purple hair games so strong
still looking for in your and mother
also known as the woman who always
speaks in like an Australian accent oh
there you are key to the ring
I went professional rather than alcohol
all of the smaller in India's movie
that's even beyond if you're on water so
I can carry this you don't have to carry
I got this from the big boy so one plan
of action now is crew force these two
we're going to chiquitos for some food
some nom noms some alcohol and that's
that I'm really tired so I just wanna go
to bed now and I'm being an absolute
wimp
I'm stupidly tired don't want to do
anything that's that weight could put
them on if you're super fresh to me all
you guys and that's that and my
moustache always looks bald it's not the
case it's not a ball moustache say
something say something emotional
emotional meaningful so red broke the
geckos ever good worker listen
Nicholas have you got something to tell
me about the size of your ball why is it
so big it looks because the question
you've been asked your entire life why
is it so big already looks because I've
got small hands
what is this some rent right what I know
I can't speak English I'm not tired from
being jet like from look at this what a
what even are you you've got 10 seconds
to say something the inspirational and
awesome to Nanette go this doesn't look
like I'm about to walk into hell what
the fuck is going on I going down this
all wait
movies to know I'm about to die fuck
this
well about from this fucking wide meet
stupidly dry the food was actually
pretty good
I'll attend
well our tape I'll give it a six
six-six-six mine was all right I would
his his stake I wouldn't give like I
want to give that two hours at five so
I'd give them out six Chiquito she did
you didn't need all right
is okay okay this is what's up and
returning to a massive flow deck off
what is going on everyone just driving
around on these fucking things I left
mine in America I'm so upset
he's logging this is truly like a badass
he's won't be these cinematic shots
he'll crash even know what's going on
I'm saying about this guy love you guys
it's the fucking invasion of the aliens
what do you do wait wait what happen
here okay okay okay maybe some ooze bro
oh my god okay oh there are nice pair of
looking steps over there well I'm
wrapping up here so tin dia tulis say
goodbye if you guys are 55 you will see
these guys for the duration of the event
to be crazy oh shit he's in the blog now
but yeah I'm just typically tired oh
shit yeah I go elevate calm all right
yeah anyway I'm going to bed
oh you guys I'm trying my best okay
thank you very much for watching make
sure you subscribe to see more of my
face
subscribe to see more of my face under
make sure you leave like Raymond let's
try and hit 20,000 like ratings so let's
try and do that hit twenty thousand and
seven so I love you guys I'm good bye
