it might not seem like it but it is
actually raining in LA and this is my
last day here and that bird is still
goddamn now you so I don't see the crime
what happened well Tom as our operator
of evaporated Tom evaporated into a
purple mist now we can go away but that
is off my hair which isn't too bad and
you can even see me
oh yeah that's fucking great kitty cat
I'm going back to the UK bye bye I love
you bye bye bye bye you fat fat kid get
you're a fat fat butt got a cat oh whoa
whoa whoa oh it's a purple hair it's
okay
it's your time yet I'm going I'll see
you in a month young padawan doggy I
don't this goodbye dog you're so upset
I'm leaving my LA house I love you
goodbye set up much fun many wow much
porn watched ha ha ha anybody is GTA
it's so funny every zip their shoes
their hands like how this guy next to us
has got gloves on for like going racing
faster all right I made it to LAX with
my purple ass hair so no one can exactly
miss me
can't wait to secure it to be like
looking at my passport look at me like
what the fuck happened to you but it's
gonna be a skivvy along like 14 hours
worth of traveling gonna fly from LAX to
London London to Manchester so bring it
fuck I'm trying to see if I can get an
upgrade to world class which is not
first class it's like a 100 pound
upgrade and it's it's very good you get
lots of legroom the amount of weird
looks I'm getting is pretty pretty damn
impressive I've got the matching
sunglasses for the matching hair but
like some kid just ran past me was like
what the fuck
well no god damn upgrades available so
that's fine I'm just going to sit there
not sleep and play Skyrim like this on
the plane that's what I do when I travel
I bring my xbox controller and then just
play sky on the entire time so should be
should be a great fun 59 million hour
journey be the best thing that's ever
happened to me
in my entire youtube career it didn't
want to be in the vlog but you see that
guy right there okay that guy just saw
me coming through the airport came up to
me was like dude I watch your videos
I literally just watched your video
about talking about do what you want to
do in life don't let your grades define
you don't let college or like your
parents or whoever's opinion on saying
this is what you should do with your
life do what you want to do with your
life he watched that he was like the
first in his class at college and like
was in total enrolled into everything he
was doing and he just left to go and
pursue what he wanted to do he's bought
a ticket he's going to devise going
traveling Dubai he's going helping
animals and endangered shit like that
like in Africa like my mind's fucking
blown like like I would love to put him
in the vlog and shout him out and stuff
for that guy's a fucking legend so much
a shout-out to you good sir I hope
everything goes well for you in the like
he genuinely said that like that video
massively impacted him to make him
decide that's why it's a white to do it
was setting in his class and while Steve
satins class he was watching a video and
he was just like I don't want to be here
right now in college so he's just
fucking upped and left and did what he
wanted to do so absolutely like mind
blown by that happening so you sir are a
fucking legend best to look good
everything you're doing and that might
have been the pinnacle of my career on
YouTube right there unknown and joking
for someone to come and and say that to
me right there and you could say he's
totally lying but the guy had so much
passion so much energy for what he was
going to do and he gets it it's the
power of wanting to do what you want to
do when you want to do it so fuck yeah
dude you're a legend
let's go just made himself a blog all
right I'm going to get some food place
is empty and then this place is just
stupidly busy
and that's the one I wanted for God's
ain't gonna be home for the next ten
hours yeah yeah but yeah this is this is
glad there's my boy next 10 I was pretty
stoked to see asthma opposition side
them what are those so yeah much legal
beyond that about 10 hours pumping in
the fuel ah
they're pulling out the shit everyone
put a yeah that's all we get on 148
that's I looking on but pray to God
everything goes okay that's not be
swearing that's me crossing my fingers
well I'm pretty sure nine I'm Center arm
all the way at the back of the plane I'm
83 II so yeah this is gonna be the best
conflict don't you look sorry buddy
don't you love the hair right now and
these guys I'm throwing you in it I saw
him in the entire family very nice to
meet you thank you yeah I was the kid in
it like he's in the vlog so yeah
everyone's like everyone's impressed
with the hair it's gonna be a crazy day
jeez I'm so excited right now
I should really
because he must sleep energy was never
it
to find out what's going up I'll show
y'all around
premature about to go over Africa this
reason it's not Madonna or if you take
one anthropologist girl
thank you very much this is awesome
nothing is ever simple for me one apart
from having like stupidly neon hair in
this place bought my ticket my little
thing came off the edge of my ticket so
they were like Oh a Rupununi one really
pretty new one off and they were low on
ink so it won't scan on the machine so
that's great now I'm stuck waiting
however on good news I did actually bump
into like 10 fans when I got off the
plane which was pretty nuts people from
LA Miami also so it was pleasure to meet
every single one of you this kid has the
right idea that is so impressive 10 out
of 10 will do England is just such a
miserable place weather oh my gosh I got
a little sudden send some for this so
American people like the hair but
British people seem to be losing their
shit over I'm not even kidding people
are like what the fuck is that ever shut
up into so far every single person is
just like asking me questions about why
I'm doing it so no no kiss it's a good
thing whip well I thought I was going to
miss my flight to Manchester boy turns
out I'm not because the flight was
delayed and I was rushing through
security having an absolute rage fest
stuck in the like insecurity line so I'm
gonna miss my flight and they're like we
don't fucking care so I was like oh
great thanks guys he was my fly but
luckily Destiny's panned out for it to
be delayed and the weather was pretty
shit so that's probably why it was
delayed but yeah and this might be the
weirdest thing I've ever said on my vlog
but my right testicle is killing me he
may have like Tom that is too much
information bought I got on the I was
absolutely fine all day and the moment I
got on the plane it started just hurting
I didn't see it sit earlier or anything
which is a really weird thing to bring
up but it's been hurting non-stop since
and this might sound super weird but if
anything doesn't feel right down in your
private parts ladies and gents go and
check it out so if I fly back and I'm
still not fine and I'm not fine by
tomorrow I'm definitely going to a dog
before I 55 to get me Minox checked out
so yeah bollocks
literally bollocks I don't know what it
is it's like it's like it was my group
like the side of my groin that started
hurting so if anyone in the comments
knows what's going on and it's just like
I just strained myself somewhat by
sitting in a chair for ten hours then
let me know but trust me I've heard bad
stories about flights and blood clots so
yeah my friend nearly lost his leg so
yeah pretty scary so all right I guess
we're waiting 20 minutes to put the
plane fuck yeah you can tell that when
I'm vlogging in public I do like a
quieter voice and do like an indoor
voice which is pretty should I should
talk now I'm like more never want to be
that fucking like loud outlandish person
video when it's other people just trying
to get along with their day so for
example following these people final
flight before I get home
finally back in manchester the journey
isn't over here we get taxi home for ya
I've done this I've done my leg of quiet
which is good but look like I'm not too
too tired even though I probably always
know like 20 hours for good side things
I can go home because I'm not tired
yes drive my car for a bit think I'm in
the wrong fucking country because right
now it's fucking sunny the fuck is going
on who is pissing it down in London shit
huh
Oh from LA and my dad says you Tom
you're not allowed to go in your food on
what why not then he's like an animal's
in there what the hell is going on what
a legend I'm gonna get some furniture
for this place when I'm doing well I'm
back in the UK I get to return to my
love with you every day I've got my
outside air you're done Alec is this guy
over here I'm just it's really happy it
looks really good but these are like the
final touches now of the house so yeah
the outside patio is doing it just looks
fucking awesome just looks fucking
awesome they're awesome
they I'm so sorry I feel like I've
abandoned you uh-huh you need to wash
I'm gonna take you to the car wash right
now this should never have happened this
is unacceptable just look at it just
walking it bays Bay's looking pretty
dusty need to go and get it cleaned it's
gonna cleaned show you why my dad is the
whole me my dad got a cleaning team to
come and they washed all my clothes
ironed every single one of them so I've
literally got syndicate shirts for days
everything's organized and like
everything's just clean and then I just
walk in to make it massport my dad is
the homie the straight up homie back in
the UK and look who I find outside my
house can you go get off my drives which
you got my drive you're sure
seize my oh my god I can't stand this
guy I have to fucking deal with this guy
you think you're related to me or
something oh yeah as you did a quack on
mate quack on haha I have no idea if I'm
gonna know how to drive this car right
now seriously I've not drove it in two
months so fingers crossed let's know
what the fuck I'm doing
but I've just realized how much I miss
this fucking car
it's so fucking good I'll tell you what
I wish I would have just got that on
camera I just saw likes I think six
Ferraris and six area rates and six
Bentley's driving in a convoy together
it was fucking epic Alice Alice near
Ollie's we think I feel like it why do I
run them we sue it don't know um what
happened to my hair you like it yeah
real of evidence in you mum's fun
British my mother Danielle's I'm so
proud of a woman sister they're
absolutely killing it with a clothing
line like we had this space and that
room in there in another room in there
but then we had to go and hire out
another space because it just got so
crazy so you guys guys better be having
a good experience because from what I
know that you're in a good fucking job
so if you're if you bought something
from syndicate original my clothing line
then you better fucking know that we go
down to the finest detail look at the
packaging even comes with fine details
on it fucking crazy you're so goddamn
MLG now but it still as much of it as I
can and we're gonna give a shirt away
what they have to do is death we've a
comment of their Twitter username down
below and you need to be following
syndicate original Twitter's that's not
like a plan I'm gonna give away we're
gonna give away deal the Illuminati is
cool sake show them show them it show
them it show them it show them again
show them again show me yeah we're gonna
give away one of these to one lucky
winner and then whatever you saw as you
want you could be anywhere in the world
and you could win this comment down
below and make sure you're following
cynic original Twitter
mom what do you think of that when you
get you the hair you like it you're
proud of it you like it is it a little
bit smell it is it
smells like you got some new shampoo Oh
Gary snow it's the hair dye Oh what mama
look at that machine suum so well
swag yo check this out I just got a new
a new matrix hoodie ya got the tag on
the bottom for official holiday this is
sick
whoa sticker on it sticker on your small
forehead which is actually really big
but yeah just got money hoodie so I got
swag down picked up t-shirt lookin
swaggy I can fuckin to your fucking
little bitch excuse me sir do you know
someone with purple hair well if I do
that for fujairah to you little shit
again yes for charity again mo a new
disease your bloody Wonka that's the
first time I regretted about 2 months
obviously may have yelled so you ended
up having a crush today yeah you're a
saucy Johnny all you're capable of
similar about very few crushes me so
within it within me get in my car I've
had no accidents or anything and you
always be driving it you always tell me
to be careful and not to speed and sin
although since I've got my car you've
got three points for your fucking
license and you've crashed your car you
need taking off the road man what are
you doing you little whippersnapper long
time no see may I believe your bulbs not
working so I'm gonna have to go and get
you new one of them you're looking
pretty bad but hello smoothing oh you're
confused and you don't know who I am
right now and oh yeah hello you Steve oh
you're peeling my you're so dark I'm
gonna get you out well I fell asleep in
my bed
oh and it's half us six I just
completely passed that I'm not tired but
then this guy came and rescued me so
we're having a food some drink some
beers I'm having a bit of a catch up so
I'm just gonna wrap things up now and
say goodnight you guys is the end of the
walk and he's going to say goodbye say
goodbye for you because I'm just so
tired but phooey
yeah just spending some time with that
chilled out so if you enjoyed the blog
today be travelling from LA to the UK
and pleasure to meet all you guys you're
awesome stay awesome make sure you like
rate and subscribe to see more of my
face and maybe more of his face this
month just look at him just look at you
stole my goddamn jacket he's such a feat
such a damn fee a my sunglasses look at
them nicely oh my god can this is the
worst I've ever honest
