would you look at that just look about
you right there that bullshit I know
just do you say that and I just poked a
wasp in its fingers I want to kill me
instantly anyway oh shit yo this guy no
no no no no no no no no no you look
football get out there is it quiche your
nest dinner is rest in there shit well
that's an interesting start today but
it's a very hot day today in LA it's
like I'm sweaty least icky and I'm not
even wearing a t-shirt it's that fucking
hot I'm trying to watch the csgo finals
in it on ESL on Twitch and there's like
a million people watching which is
pretty sick so I'm doing that my room
looks like a fucking bomb went off cuz I
still haven't cleaned it from yesterday
but man I have had no sleep these lines
into my eyes I get in worse so I'm gonna
bring a shitload of water today I really
do not want to sit in front of a
computer but I try and do my Q&A session
emma stone what's up and yeah just
really did not sleep well last night got
back at like 2 o'clock
couldn't get to sleep was up till about
4 woke up at a been trying to get back
sleep since bought Sonya's cat is on a
goddamn meowing spree or like I like to
say a hello spree but either way it's a
beautiful day I'm going to try and set
outside drink a shitload of water get a
suntan before I go back to England and
all should be good in the hood suntan
refreshed happy about that all day today
so let's top this off with and John
scared it took it are you ready this I'm
so sunburned again look I don't know I
did it up on some green but all my
shoulders are so I have a better walk on
this dick
no soberness I don't care more than the
scare shit even though I look stupid
with sunburn and with Luke
Adam and we're gonna do the best this is
probably one my favorite restaurants in
LA I think he showed it me and a million
him come here like nearly every month
sort of thing so we're about to get so
much down food got no idea what's going
on here let's cut down some of the bitch
here you see this these T's of me these
aids are pissed motherfuckers really
really he beat me quit quit hate your
fucking face I just love it love it just
a random naked dude walking around the
street just a little bit don't just love
it look just chucking love it what's a
good workout which is walk around 10-30
a night just naked just walking it like
I said totally sorry for yeah she's
alright I'm totally sorry for my lack of
vlogging check out the shit hit promo to
the clothing line sponsored by my
clothing company wrong story but I'm
here with this man look at him look at
this fine fucking gym he's this is a
fucking good guy right here this is Luke
Luke has the bid of bids he wants to
shave this off by the way look at him
like I've got this and I'd do anything
for this and he just wants to go and
shave it off how old in 35 he's 35 if he
shaves his off you look like a 12 year
old it looked like me a little bit a
little bit and I don't advise it he's
gonna shave this off shaving this
fucking carpet that's got glued to his
goddamn chest off as well so called out
and you can tell him really somber but I
don't know but I've got a super epic
surprise coming few guys tomorrow you
just get the wait and say he doesn't
even know what it is no one knows what
it is this the secret is out there
you'll shall never know
ah-hem over was Sam you next time I do
not care if I'm supposed to be a grown
adult the floor deck is too much fun I'm
having a good ten minute session on it
oh look at him oh so adorable
before I scared took her again so he
better be on the edge of his seat for
the rest of the night ha ha ha ha
but no I'm going to bed hi I'm stupid
the tie-dye probably at about three
hours sleep and then me and took out a
spooning session how did you like spoon
session right now right now it was it
was a little rough dude I was like it
was all right you were like right my
fight right it was right in his pussy
good good what do you think of my
collection of DC's I think that you
bought quite a bit I'll give you back 10
pairs I fucking got enough pairs of
fucking shoes may shout DC they don't
sponsor me I cry for town massive shower
to Justin roiland plate of this bad boy
ricktum on the words I'll give you guys
an inspirational Club you ready when
investigating a murder scene always
assume the broccoli ate the aubergine
yes then go that's what you get so hope
you guys had a good time
make sure leave a like rating subscribe
to see more of my face and yeah I've got
an amazingly epic surprise coming
tomorrow so get very part it's gonna be
awesome I love your faces and cover
