look it's I know
12 hours later are you trying to put
outside yeah oh you make me cry the
bubbles okay
Oh porky now drop it so cool now what do
you just say to me I didn't get I just
threw the fucking tree up yeah the whole
reason yes he's a bone but say you can
throw me thro the trail now go and get
the tree bring it back stop next step of
the day is these lovely people
hello hello oh my god that's a bit me
that thing is an absolute time
is it wet the carpet
oh that looks good I smell so fresh this
is the der that came out that came out
and my happy oh you just don't think of
it would you that's all the spilled
drinks the cats the cap paste everything
yeah you're a cleaning god my friend
thank you
well looking more the decider this is
the other we ordered the right gloss is
hopefully perfect champagne tower come
back here you let me see
yeah look II said we're busy mate
there's literally water crystals
crystals water droplets on his head take
a breath take a breath my friend I'll
carry that upstairs just let's take a
minute second thank you for your
assistance oh I appreciate your face
much love and goodbye don't question do
my world thank you bye no none of this
would have actually happened I could do
it I couldn't do it in one but I tell
you what they've got this I look at you
he couldn't do it anymore
it's a bloody mini I can do that in a
Land Rover whatever drive saved my
friends catch you later
man I love that car I think it's
beautiful thank you place is such a nice
car my mom in the hammock both got cuz
the deal on the mini that they got the
Clubman was so good that I've got
identical minis got to me doesn't make
sense but hey if it was a good he liked
it then that's so good I'm not sure when
I bought in Darren was like this so but
I'm gonna go get it but they've just
absolutely matically held man this place
is like new clean on the carpet look how
look nicely look we know where I'm gonna
lie organize all these Pakal like one
cares pillows put them all up move all
the crap move all the shit and
everything will be sorted now what I
need to do is get organized I need a
suit for the event now I do have a
million cynic original t-shirts and I do
actually have two three four five I have
five suits not very nice suits but none
of them are really like old-school old
spall Great Gatsby themed and yes I'm
getting my suit for my own party tonight
before didn't really think about this
one I did won't like it who the hell is
that I didn't want like a walking cane
but I really have one of those Jews kind
of clean moment of truth dad will the
Audi
stop
shit there I hope you ready I was a
gingerbread man in the passenger seat yo
look at these lights that we've got from
Costco it's such a good mood lighting
yeah yeah right from driving a Land
Rover Defender to an Audi TT it's it's
like driving a toy car like it's not
even real that the steering wheel so
loose because it's not a big fucking
heavy unit it's just so so weird like so
we I don't know how I feel about it it's
like a ride in a go-kart compared to
tank behind-the-scenes preparation
mm-hmm Go Go howdy Tee tee honestly this
thing is just weird getting into a car
that is this low down it's kind of just
a joke it doesn't even seem real whoo
all right yeah well I didn't expect this
but the traffic senator traffic Center
everyone thought in my comments I was
saying traffic Center the Trafford
Centre is oh wait what there's actually
people on this thing there's more than
there's more than one person on this
thing what the fuck all the times I've
been around like that stupid no one no
one ever uses it any time I've been here
and long behold this is when I bought
the Trafford Centre nut traffic Center
it should be called traffic Center it's
rammed all the spaces are like proper
Paul but I'll give you a pro tip if you
want a park park outside like the front
foodcourt section area and when you pull
up just follow someone rather than
wasting time driving around looking if
you've already looked once the best way
to guarantee yourself a space is just to
follow someone and if you follow him you
say that's why I did it only took me
about 30 seconds to find space when I
pulled into here and we are big blue but
now I still gotta find my suit and
apparently it's absolutely bra we packed
the suit hunting begins so it turns out
the suit jacket I want is on the
mannequins in the window so they're
having to take it off to see if I can
try and wear it so sorry
right I need need need this fitting shop
to be able to fix this by tomorrow oh my
god saw it got handed in kind of collect
it tomorrow at 12 o'clock now to try and
find a way sue oh my God thank goodness
for that I've got everything I need
apart from my suit and pants and the
surprise prize which I don't think I
told I don't what it is yet which we'll
see in tomorrow's blog given out at New
Year's Eve or Best Dressed male and
best-dressed female so right time to
rush home see if I can make it in time
for a dinner date with Lydia if not this
was my plan it tried to make it in time
but well she happens wait stop all the
phone I need shoes
like I look like such potato right now I
supposed to get my hair cut and
everything not managed that and I don't
have any great gatsby style shoes fuck
well that was definitely a successful
shop on bit about my shoes I had to cut
power and just get some from black like
dress used instead of a proper pair of
Great Gatsby ones because his shoes
I like black and white a new look proper
trick and fortunately I couldn't get
them but I have to rush off um then your
organized a dinner date tonight with me
a best friend like a mini Irish guy
remember the guy whose leg that guy
I'd love to spill like oh yeah I could
do it book today was my day
I was planning organizing this my entire
day was get the house ready for the
party
then come here get my suit ready like no
rushing you know just take my time but
then it was like we're going out to
dinners out some when I was like oh fuck
well I don't think I'll make it tried my
best I truly truly try my best
rush just didn't pay off stuff I am in
the bad books this God Squad dude I've
got a say I just loved the gray color on
card oh wait a minute is this rain
coming down else no no no no no no no
throw it to even come nearly come on
this is what
what's the one idea meanwhile in this in
this segment who's taken my chair my
throne
a little baby what are you doing are you
doing that looking good
that was my washing machine sound like
it's about to blow up but I'm making
progress on the house it's all I can say
able decorations that are going up and
they're open they're wants to clean up
on there all this cannon did not be up
on there I've cleaned down the drinked
area I need to load this up with beer
glasses for the bear top because we've
got this hooked up with a keg of beer
back there specifically one of my
favorite beers we've got that hooked up
there so I need to get the backs of
their glasses for there that's how clean
readies go guitar apples I was on deck
we got shut duty glass is ready to go
and you know everything's looking pretty
good I've been non-stop cleaning now
like mmm three hours maybe might not
look like it but there's so much crap in
this house that just finds its way
everywhere so for example where did I
throw away the crap - oh my front door I
think it was pretty obvious that I
missed the dinner date with Lydia so I
was going with that but it wasn't my day
I had a plan today of like get up clean
the house get my stew and like that was
my entire day like planned out light
just focus on the house focus on the
event that was it and then that he was
like hey we're going to dinner with
these people and I was like I can't so
kind of DeBell unfortunately and that's
why I was saying I was in the bad books
poor she's now I'm going around for a
bit Sina and then I can't stay too long
because I've got to get back on get it
outside and yes that is a lot of lights
on a house at once nice my Grandad's
card was Ricky wrote grandson very nice
inside he put to talk about it is the
only person calls me Tommy he wrote to
Tommy and Lydia so much there's this one
dear Tom and Lydia most one I'm telling
you America sister to you both enjoy
your first Christmas as a couple sorry
we won't see you New Year's let's get a
take
Darrin livvie at Grayson Holly Oh how
this card is of my old neighbor next
door which hello kitty she wrote the
little Christmas card saying you know
what Betty Tom Tom and Linda Tom and
Linda I think she thinks ladies called
Linda that's really cute very nice
we should put a note in it saying Tom
please will you come to see me something
I would like to discuss with you so I
don't know I don't know how she feels
that I've got another girlfriend but
that goes smoothly then this one to both
of you oh this is a nice card to both of
you at Christmas oh I knew this was off
my mom
to my favorite son Tom and the lovely
Lydia a lots of a little best wishes Tom
Rob you're marvelous mom she writes she
didn't write 7 centimeters well it kind
of does look like it love marvelous mom
and just Aaron but I lose a count on it
Oh mom this is probably the best
Christmas glad you've ever got me or
o'clock in the morning I'm finally going
to bed I'm gonna be absolutely exhausted
for the pie but I'm trying to sleep and
I can't sleep because I've got these two
little critters look I don't know what
changed in why they're so lovely maybe
because I've been around so much but all
they want me to do is just do this love
it absolutely love it just like the
nicest little cats in the world so I'm
gonna have to wrap today's vlog topic so
I'm just exhausted I know I feel like
I've not really film much I've done a
lot I just been so busy what do you mean
I just haven't filmed it so I'm really
sorry about that but nonetheless I do
have to end today's vlog here
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be litter than
today if you're watching this now it
will be New Year's Eve so hope you have
a great New Year's Eve I hope it is
litter than the titty put a hole for the
party tomorrow for us goes amazingly and
it the vlogs awesome I'll make sure I
film throughout the entire day and yeah
let's just hope that my pants are sewn
ready and I can go there pick them up
pick up the prizes for the best-dressed
women in man man and woman or men and
yeah just see how it goes from there so
I hope you all the best
much love I'm very tired and I've got a
bed so I saw be ok
