listen here you whiz it this video is
gonna be vertical you're gonna hate it
it sucks but guess what it's a snapchat
story which ended up actually being a
lot of fun and I wanted to share with
you guys now my snapchat is its
syndicate I'll put the name down below
and if you want to follow me on snapchat
guys then by all means go an admin and
just follow me on my adventures of
randomness so enjoy the story I might
post a few more to this challenge
stories that are actually fun and random
like this one and hopefully you guys
will enjoy them and wonder in the future
to come and you know like the things
like the epic beards and their joy look
at this this this thug turns up in
Canada oh my god so mad she turns up
from Canada it steals my front seat
because I love sitting in the back of
cars by myself with all the homies when
these two lovebirds are basically
fucking in the front seats
my god oh my god we made it oh my god
you're here doctor we made it buddy
Mitchell made it oh my god we're gonna
go phuddle suppose a few cabinets I
already got lost in I care for folks are
gonna shoot myself this is a game do you
think this is a fucking game you played
around the entire fucking building loss
I'm so mad right now
Tom Tom what are you doing nothing
are you master it no I'm just spreading
my disks well that's up childish for
hiding their things or is it Oh God IQ
in America is amazing I've been walking
around with my panini ax you're so jelly
bro
this is the best invention I have ever
seen America is blowing my mind right
now
took a this is some wizard shit fucking
move isn't it it is so real right now
you can see me in the CCTV look man
bitches well it's set in the backward no
fine out to stay in the back
