what is going on ladies and gentlemen
today is a beautiful day and I have not
logged all day to charity livestream it
was awesome we raised awareness about
building trees and my friends just move
house in down past Venice this is
literally on his front door I don't
think you could make this location in a
little bit of news of what's been going
on with me today
I had a cleaner come around to the house
and she was poised to clean it she was
there for three and a half hours she was
like oh I've gotta go for a family
emergency she left and then when she
left for a family emergency
I was like it's okay when she left the
family emergency before she went I was
like oh where did you get to pop to with
the cleaning on the house today as she
was like oh yeah pretty much did it I
was there for three and a half hours you
know I got all the work done that didn't
need that much time I was like great
that's awesome went in she lied to me it
wasn't clean so to give her a bad rate
and unfortunately and hopefully I get
side so now I'm going hanging out with
Hank look this is Hank
nice place dude the fucking view is
insane
oh yeah obviously we think I'm gonna
walk no elevator look at the buttons
what does that say it may be 1981 right
rip and this and this right now is how
accidents happen this is try to play oh
yeah you we are we slide oh wait wait
what was that
you just roll the wrist
look the child can do this instantly
look at this is how it's done
she's a professional I literally
enrolled in with this 20 minutes ago and
she's a MLG Pro whoo this is unreal and
after one syndicate lesson later she is
there that they've got the chiller was
like a third second lesson and she's
gonna see see it's not yours anymore
well I have an absolute blast with Nikki
and Bella
it was awesome all of these guys
absolutely amazing people and now I'm
gonna go and catch up with vanos else
Elsie Nana's and Luke the homies and
just see how things go so let's go back
let me out you son of a bitch let's go
and check how they're doing it
they are dude while you were doing up
there dude oh I know it's a Buddhist
monk right bro come on what is going on
this place is amazing just got a meeting
with the guys it was awesome good shit
productive Store updates for del film
are gonna be amazing
do you want to know how professional I
am just look at it I'm using my goddamn
flow deck as a tripod to film a video on
it I am just the best I'm just the best
at what I do
look at that I take my local
surroundings and I work with it
apart from I'm pretty sure when I drop
this today I smashed a ball oh yeah that
sounds yeah that's a broken bulb Oh -
broken bulbs that probably cost about 60
quid each so improvisation I'm now using
this light rather than that one go fuck
yourself like go fuck yourself the pics
on 112 ah you see this right here this
right here is why you do not make five
hour long videos look at this shit well
all four hours and 45 minutes it's
currently taken five and a half hours to
render and it's still got three and a
half hours to go fuck my life I really
haven't done anything today because I
live stream for charity for five hours
the cleaning lady run away without doing
her job prop
like a cook it's not a spot I got like a
caught on my head and I got caught there
someone's beating me up in my sleep
Sonya's cat scrolling in me that you yo
bitch compute bought yeah that's gonna
be the end of my day I should really be
vlogging more but I actually totally
forgot to vlog well the same time I was
busy in meetings and I was live
streaming so I'll come vlog in between
them times but tomorrow I'm gonna be
filming with major lit by Lex I don't
know what I'm doing this vlog like this
but I'm doing that me in doing them once
it got not a meeting I'm doing I'm doing
doing something tomorrow I'm doing the
collaboration we made you up my leg so
I'll vlog the behind-the-scenes and that
should be going so it should be awesome
and I'm so stoked for it cuz she's just
such a good job like I might not take
the makeup off and I might wear it all
day so no matter what she turns me into
it's gonna be surprised for what she
makes me look like but you have to find
out but I might keep it on all day and
then you might find out through a vlog
what I'm actually looking like so yeah
it's can be pretty sick so she's gonna
do like a whole tutorial on how she did
it and then I get to paint her face so I
don't know what I'm gonna do I gotta try
and make it look like something so I
might try and turn her into a zombie
I don't know fucking try book yes that's
my night I'm sorry nothing epic happened
let's just have a finished and I'm going
to bed so hope you are fantastic if you
got your GCSE results today let me just
say this if you got good grades in
congratulations if you didn't then it's
not the end of the world but you should
have tried harder and I you can I have
to say that but it's not the end of the
world you have options in life but
unfortunately you've just limited those
but when one door closes another one
opens you never know what will happen
for your good look make the most of your
situation and don't let it get you down
too much stay positive in life and you
be awesome and yes I love you also stay
epic if you got all they stars you're a
fucking nerd and Congrats so goodbye
