right well we're here at Tempest
Freerunning it's me whoa T might and
Brucie Bruce and the crew got the crew
this is Scott by the way actually
introduce you rather than Mike guy sound
guy and the gang and the gang ties that
they're just being a terrorist that what
you're doing now are you eating well you
eaten oh then the first day didn't you
give me half of that oh look some yeah
yeah
check this team up energy advantage I'm
allergic to not oh so I get to get out
of it girl oh no we're here a tempest we
got a bit of a a course to run we gotta
go up this thing over this trip onto the
bars if you want to along it down then
you gonna get off the trampoline or pop
of this jump this gap to there a long
jump from there to there slide or take
the bar your bitch take the bar and then
why do we go from there
that's it then it you got a slide you're
taking the bar no taking the bar Tom no
slide no taking the bar I'll take you on
a tour of the dangerous national Oh guys
artwork everywhere giving his receiving
yeah it is but oh it was hit some kid
felt here and this was all open and he
broke his back on him it was alright
three months like it was fine but look
you might think this was nothing to jump
oh yeah that's a Britain ally to jump in
it what bit gnarly
yeah you just land on staircases so like
how high is that 13 feet no 12 10 13 13
yeah maybe what 8 feet from here into
the stairs I'm 5 foot 11 all from the
step well yeah from there oh no ties
just tolerance always oh I've already
hurt my knee doing it here hold on okay
whoa whoa here boys
I got you and then get the Mario will
prepare another redoing it all like
Mario see you all the people we've got
Mario yeah what'd you do did you climb
up that on that along that jump to that
from holding on with just your
fingertips along it down now no we're
not doing it but the one one what the
one when I will do is this one this is
the nollie jump this is one when I
looked at it was like no that's about 10
foot t-mount was like yeah this is fine
but they put them at down it just makes
it easy so if I drink this now what's
cool and then you got slide down it I
guess or what I was gonna do the pole is
so much cooler slide down it I'd be
magician with a pole make up forgot the
camera come grab them one take him on a
tour I got you guys oh I was thinking
about this lighting out and just go what
he's doing that cuz he's scared to slide
he's lera I'm not scared to slide it's
just like if you get your legs stuck in
it all the way down you're just gonna
get like a big skid mark no I would not
be cool and that's it so me time team
art we have a race a time race you does
the best and Steve's gonna do it you do
it good I'll do it let's go as well he's
gonna lose you're gonna lose Scott's
gonna win Scott wins everything Scott
wins laughs this might be the most
interesting man I've ever met
I've got some stories to tell you guys
it's like no no I told you that in
privacy and privacy but yeah much I
gonna show on this one first real quick
let's go I want to tour the bathroom we
ever will have a comp oh yeah
so here you go bathroom oh please do not
flush break ties interesting some mass
amounts of loot over there one last far
and then Trevor dryer
shown as an example of what this is the
catwalk man okay here we go
please fall please fall
please Papa please file peaceful it gets
a bit done in there don't it yeah hey
yeah cuz it's just like it goes from
being simple to up there and then around
I'd say they got learned your shortcut I
went through it last time wait and I'll
go around and I'll get your jumping off
great forever right I want to see the
nollie is back foot or front flip in the
world do it Trevor do it for the vine do
it for the vine and there you go I won't
do that how was it scary in it scary on
his camera guy - did you stop that just
being a ninja yup I'm now gonna go peace
