I don't know whose idea it was but
getting off a freaking stick said was
not a good idea and Here I am also found
my wild competition the Martin Trevor
Trevor Martin's the T Martin's the
lapping 7-foot giant from the world of
know is he from champagne I know I think
he's found us bollocks bollocks bollocks
bollocks Lawrence all right so I'm in my
boogie got my hand on my GoPro on here's
my rig before a team-up and I chose this
one bonnet with flames on it yeah I
chose a vehicle with flames in it so
this has actually been really really fun
organising what's going on right now
we're literally in the middle of nowhere
for ladies and gentlemen this has been
one hell of an experience bogie is quite
fun I did cut my finger it's not to you
but I was just using an excuse for the
show but there's a guy riding around in
a good bike up there because this is all
about open lands for you to do whatever
you want on this lot of courses I don't
have to rent it all there just placed
our here for this company to drive
around on but like man this would be so
cool if I had my coz you know I've got
my
xj6 motorbike which we crashed into I've
also got my other little white cross a
bike which isn't the road and off-road
bike I'll put some off-road like some
tires on it and just rally round on here
oh this guy he went over the dude
oh that's so sick oh he's probably
kicked back that is what I've been doing
all day
every day when I wasn't making videos
otherwise shoot me yeah that is the live
chat what this guys doing
kicking back I'm shaking I'm like
stopping okay I'm just kicking back
enjoying life and seeing what's going
down oh yeah we got camera guy setting
up my cameras rolling a little bit of a
vlog a little bit of a vloggity vlog
welcome your battery sounds different
double battery oh you have you know that
was a thing well I don't want I'm buying
when I get home yeah gives you twice the
battery yeah there's definitely
something to me but reason why I want to
get that is because when I go to France
tomorrow I'm biking you record for quite
a lot of time so that'd be awesome to
saw that out but anyway there's like
loads of crazy Jets going crazy Jets
going over like some of them are like
fighter jets obviously I probably should
control in areas I'll you know test
flight so ever but then there's other
ones that are just like you look crazy
big they look like surveillance drones
almost and they probably are but yeah I
kinda want to get closer to the airport
and see what kind of their cause they've
got their selves all the fun put a knife
in your hand Nessa
this guy's gonna shank me shrink the
 out of you oh well okay till next
time so Trevor just left his phone down
for like a few seconds so I'll fix you
up I don't stabled it for one minute and
then I returned and disabled it for five
minutes you're so mad right now - Trevor
well you have to be somebody
it's gonna game it's only game
