well you see I do look stupidly pale
right now that is because lack of sleep
makes this happen to you but this is one
last view but this is the day of daisies
ready oh my gosh this looks like working
materials plastic bags to catch things
falling off finally I am getting rid of
the shit off my walls oh my god Trevor T
mine what did you do to it
alright quick story so I stayed over at
this house when t mine used to still
live here
and I said Trevor whilst I'm staying
here for a month I'll pay your rent
everything will be good you know cuz
it's a free empty room can I stay he
said absolutely I stayed there
everything was cool the only way I tell
you what he said instead of paying the
rent go ahead and take this material off
the wall and would be good and this was
about three nearly four years ago or
something I was like Trevor I got you
I'm doing it well did I know that this
stuff was stuck to the frigging wall
like ABS obviously but it was stuck to
the wall like beyond belief like
ridiculously stupidly stuck to the wall
one day when I was drunk I managed to
take all the black stuff off this side
but the glue still remains now I've got
a god damn dude here trying to take care
as well and he came in he was like yo
I'm hit I'm all here for six hours
that's a lot of work so hopefully this
guy is gonna take care of it and be the
homie that we need and I'm gonna get a
quick shower
he's just quickly out going getting some
pain and some ex he brought like so he
brought he brought glue remover which he
was like this didn't gonna cut it we're
gonna need we're gonna need the stronger
stuff so he's gone out getting the
strongest stuff and some pain and he'll
be back in about 15 minutes so I'm gonna
shower wait for him to come back and
hopefully just pray he can get the job
done well I've got a video uploading to
youtube right now so that's something of
the date taken care of
excuse me are they booked profusely in
your face but I think I'm gonna take the
flow deck down to the shop and I'm gonna
go get em yeah I'm gonna go get a
Starbucks basically that's what I'm
trying to tell you guys I'm gonna go get
Starbucks and when I've got my Starbucks
also gonna get a sandwich so what time
it is where yes we're going to Starbucks
again oh my god it's so windy we're
going to Starbucks okay I don't care
what you say it's we're going that's
what we're doing
it's like sex looks like I was gonna go
down that hill on this thing and I just
thought no I'd rather not smash
someone's care up to pieces when this
thing loses control goes spinning down
the hill and just causes chaos so I just
thought I will be a non lazy
motherfucker and actually walk for once
but now I'm back on it so that's fine I
just saw a police officer he almost
caught me jaywalking bitch Jay's on my
feet it's that hot in LA right now but I
can feel I've been out the house
probably about 25 seconds and I can
already feel myself sweating and my
shoulders getting sunburned through a
t-shirt it's not even possible
it's not even scientifically possible
but it's happening it is fucking
happening look at all this it's the best
is the best bagel place I've ever been
to
I have come here like almost every other
day
we meet again mr. Hill now this is just
terrible ideas as though I'm carrying my
tuna Mayo sandwich that's like a like a
like a cappuccino and my iPhone in one
hand and we're already roadies truven
this is a ridiculously steep hill by the
way but I'm gonna try and do the wiggle
of the hill and see if we can make it
all the house is being fumigated you
guys have got more cockroaches than we
do let's go we can do it way up the hill
and realized this thing was just chillin
in the grass this is how lazy I am now
I'm not gonna risk jumping off the edge
of this because it's a curb so I'm gonna
go all the way around all the way keep
going keep going
yeah keeper goal wouldn't keep her goal
win and I'm gonna get to this a curb and
then I'm gonna be on the road and then
I'm gonna go because I could have just
picked I could've easily just picked you
up and moved it onto the road but
instead no I'm just too damn lazy I'll
be ready to see the size of this tuna
Mayo sandwich you ready you ready I'm
ready
that's how thick it is don't get this
cost probably British about 5 pounds 50
all right now look that's the front of
it now look at that size huh you ready
honey wait try
it's like shit boys the dream is real is
doing it is finish the room are you
ready
that right there is what I'm talking
about finally after three fucking years
I got a guy to come in and take care of
it and he's doing it well I can't
believe I'm about to do this book
because every TV that's three this every
three days I try and do it csgo unboxing
video on my channel I am now recording
me opening more csgo and boxes after
just losing four hundred dollars
yesterday no four hundred pounds seven
hundred dollars yesterday on opening on
them on a stream I don't know what's
going on my words right now if I'm like
this on the video but I'm about to make
God help was all bought wish me luck you
guys will find out whether or not I get
a knife in the video so stay tuned
right now it is currently what o'clock
in the morning and I'm still not in bed
I don't think I've ever once logged with
you guys so far this month with me going
to bed at a reasonable time so we are
now going to consist of Tom dying in
this room because it's stinks of pain
and glue it's it's dry but it just still
smells like you can you can yeah I'm
high I'm fucking high oh my good
that wood that was called method acting
or improv I'm talking about anyway right
so this is the room I'm in right and
because I've lived in this room same way
out now for about two and a half years
let's say that let's this is the room
that stadion I finally got that fixed so
I think it's time for change ok so this
is the room as you see it right now we
got my bed come on wardrobes got this
over here I think it's time for change
this way out was when I was supposed to
be making videos up here and stuff like
that and I want to do it a little bit
differently so what could we do let's
tune back in in a minute
when I'm back to doing this and also I'm
gonna show you something there you right
there you are one fat cat cat cat you're
fat so I'm gonna tuck her sleeping now
so there you go that's how it is of no I
basically move the desk in from the
window instead and move the bed over
there so just give me a bit more room
here which I don't need but as soon as
you walked into room you were like hit
in the bed so now I got more space and I
can put like a cabinet man now with a TV
onyx every time I get in bed I'm always
like watching Netflix on my phone or my
laptop whereas in the UK I've got like a
78 inch screen where I can just like
every night getting better just chill
and watch it so I'm fucking naked and I
abruptly cut myself off I am I'm getting
about say I'm just getting bed I'm going
to sleep I'm actually quite tired
because I don't know like five hours
sleep yesterday except to be awake for
this dude to come do it but I'm happy
the walls painted like it's all done
I've got one random painting hanging
above like it was symmetrical above the
desk now I need to get Eva another
single paint in but I could put the Emma
Stone one there there you guys saw today
I mean yesterday all I could just get
like one nice big one I might get like
life too
get Evan tonight whip up a life's too
short piece of artwork across there
think you mind pretty cool but I'm gonna
go to bed guys I am pretty tired now I'm
probably gonna watch some Netflix and
watch Malcolm in the middle because I'm
like a few episodes away from finishing
the entire seven seasons so yeah it's
been a long day of not really doing
anything I really haven't done that much
because I've been playing video games
that I shouldn't be playing but the
ecology Ebates comes out tomorrow and
I'm gonna be playing that and
live-streaming I think but I also might
be going doing an interview on a panel
so we might see how that goes but I'll
vlog it all like I said I'm trying to
vlog daily cuz now I've got my phone
it's easy to film on easy to easy to
edit on and really easy to look I've got
stupidly fast internet so thanks for
watching
csgo unboxing video tomorrow at 6
o'clock and I will see you guys then so
thank you very much for watching leave
that like rating subscribe to see more
of my face if you randomly like
Britishness and yeah
