I'm yet to install my blackout-curtain
so until then I'm dealing with yeah
towels but ladies and gentlemen from the
night before this is the day you get
it's absolutely amazing where's the dog
dog dog
yep that's just a dead body in the
garden and yes I garden looks like a new
K but look at this it's just so damn
beautiful be without my spiky hair I
look like a 12 year old boy
when do I never look like a 12 year old
but just gonna do a big shout out to the
homie I was going and yeah today's gonna
be a livestream day I think when I hit
two million followers on Twitch from
playing runescape right now I'm not even
joking I'm back into play that I don't
even double why and uh yeah let's just
see how this day goes I took about
something your flower let's go fuck
yourself but today's clothing of choice
it's gonna be the Illuminati shirt yeah
all I'm gonna say is I get asked this
way too many times so and I'll show you
guys how I spiked up my hair now okay
it's a massive fucking a handle in the
way you know you're great but I'm going
to show you guys I was Michael Harris I
literally get asked way to mix em so
first of all I get my hair spray and I
spray my outfits because that's what you
do and no it's it isn't children why
would I put yours in the landscape of
mates that's right so right now I mean
fortunately using axe
shits crap I usually use like some
Torian guy light cement for my hair but
I always use wax I don't use gel gels to
work with it I got a tiny little bit and
you rub it on your hands like crazy
right so you get it everywhere so it's
like meeting my pinnacle wall or
something so what you got it I'm going
to do is start from the back first did
you put it on the front yet massive pump
and your hair look messed
from the front so do this you keep
flicking it and you want you trying to
eat we should train just making even
like balance for it so it's like spiked
up spiked up and then it flicks to the
side and that's that it's as easy as pie
my cereal choice was not influenced by
this woman on the box whatsoever cuz she
looks like she's singing and happy and I
want to be happy ah it's just because
it's got a winner free what is it the
ultimate publication VIP Nick action all
cereal tastes like shit some noise
pollution I have to put up with when
I've got my AC unit on well I got
runescape afk over there and I don't
know why I'm playing it I still don't
understand why I'm playing it but I'm
gonna plug your money what open up my
new laptop on your keyboard which I'm
currently so on I'm gonna put him on
your keyboard my new mouse and put them
up back in so I can see all how colorful
it all is Hey so it plugged in extra new
plug-in and it's plugged in let's see
what happens and I probably have to set
them up in the settings that would
probably make a lot of sense see I told
you this thing looks absolutely
shameless at night and watching malcolm
in the middle and then i'm playing
runescape still i'm still playing
runescape why i don't want to be playing
level 57 magic 74 collecting my wine I
understand why I'm doing it well today
was absolutely awesome I managed to get
like 25,000 folders on Twitch which
basically equates to me hitting 2
million followers today and the cool
thing about that is a year ago today I
actually hit 1 million followers on
Twitter so the fact that I managed to
hit 2 million the year after is pretty
damn cool we could hit a million like so
like so long ago but I've just not been
streaming something stupidly busy and
luckily like time everything just
randomly played out when it was
genuinely today that someone's tweeting
me was like yo you're like 8,000
followers away from 2 million and I was
like oh snap so yeah I did the live
stream stream for like 4 hours I'm not
even going kids you guys when I say I
spend 400 pounds on counter-strike
unboxing cases okay let 400 pounds
actually for the stream we streamed it
like an hour and a half of them
boxing cases and throughout the entire
duration of doing that I didn't get one
single knife
I have got my series that I do date at
like every three days sort of thing of
me on boxing cases and even in that
series I've probably opened like 400
pounds with csgo cases are not got a
single knife from that series either
it's ridiculous I still have not got a
knife from a case on stream or on video
the only knife I've had which is my
Falcon knife and I got whilst I was
facetiming my mum a couple of months ago
so I'm still yet to get a knife and the
only knife that I actually want is a
little flow deck by the way is without a
doubt the butterfly knife that is what
I'm going for I don't care what quality
is that is what I'm going to get also if
you guys fancy any pedes so we've got a
nice selection
I could at least say here and we're
probably not going to eat all of them so
I decided in case any cockroaches were
like yo we're coming for you I decided
to lay just just a few traps just to
entice them not to nibble on our
delicious pizza but right now it's
helped us 12:00 in the morning and i've
streamed all day now the problem is I
don't have a video for tomorrow like I
don't have a single single video planned
I don't know what I'm going to post and
it's a Monday so I've got decide what
I'm gonna do
now I could have totally used some of
the csgo unboxing stuff that I had from
today and the stream and stuff like that
but I can't even do that because I was
playing copyrighted music the entire
time throughout the stream so it kind of
ruins the footage so I've got to try and
come up with an idea what should I do
oh my goodness um I think I'm gonna be
staying at longer than I expected that
is not even funny and it's currently one
o'clock in the morning that's going to
be done honestly that'll keep going up a
little bit so that's gonna be done at 4
o'clock in the morning holy shit so soon
as though I've got a printer I decided I
should update the ink cartridges because
it's just sat there with dust on it and
I always complain I haven't got printer
and I did but I just realized this thing
has apps but what you can don't you can
a crossroads on it who the fuck is Tommy
Robbins
what decent there's a Disney up oh my
god what the hell is Angry Birds
uh what browsing print okay um
easy activity okay what is this yeah
we'll go for this one
why not okay preview
okay print oh shit doing something it's
doing something oh my god I'm so excited
oh wait you can't tell them flashlights
wait a flashlight let me say that I'm
not married that's where Metellus on all
right well if you go out well if you got
team going out we printing we printed oh
man I'm so excited does it get enough
paper in it
oh it does not checking device this
process may take several minutes do not
turn off the device bro
I'm ready for whatever you've got it's
been going at it for about ten minutes
and it's still just beeping it beeping
get stick up okay same load paper and
select okay I think this paper should be
alright okay ready
it's printing printing I can't believe
this is my exciting day what this is
sick oh my god oh my god you pretty more
stay still
oh my god break boxing so called the
bird with the biggest beak underline the
bird with the smallest big draw x over
the bird days red and none of those are
red what the hell's going on what let's
put in another one what what do you know
oh my god is this one up oh shit is this
when I press the button like six times
does that mean it's gonna keep printing
it Oh
any pork please don't do it again oh my
fucking god what a waste of paper son of
a bitch now don't do another one just
cancel all prints cancel cancel cancel
all turn off and I'll still I think I
can think of
well the video is finished I don't think
you could make this up it literally just
finished at 420 blaze it bitches
alright let's just have a look at that
number there oh yeah I got a 235 minutes
until the video uploads that's not even
including publishing like any of it so
basically the video is not going up on
time tomorrow but anyway this is a
really cool month but which is just
looking just look at it it's so damn
fancy man so damn fan thing I don't
think we're gonna see the Sun Rise today
I'm going to check if there's any
sunlight no it's four o'clock in the
morning why would depending sunrise but
I'm gonna go to bed now so I hope you
enjoyed this vlog I'm like I said I'm
gonna try and keep doing these daily not
been doing anything exciting bought
tomorrow we're gonna see if I can get my
bedroom actually taking care of and the
walls scraped and painted so fingers
crossed we can make shit happen it's all
I can hope because I've had it for like
that for like two and a half years
hashtag blame team I love you guys faces
make sure you subscribe leave like
Britain and then we'll see you tomorrow
