oh my days it is currently 6:13 a.m. and
I am still awake and if there's daytime
outside oh my gosh I don't you want to
know that I don't even know I don't even
want to know I don't to exist right now
what's going on guys I said here and I
finally just got done recording and
editing snapchat Q&A for your guys faces
today I'm sorry it's it today's been a
really productive day I went and got my
iphone fixed so you're gonna see a bunch
more vlogs you guys know I kind of like
to fill my vlogs like a almost like a
snapchat story I kind of like film a
little clip it's throughout the day and
stuff and then I put it together at the
end and then just upload it and that's
the way I want to continue to this poor
I've been currently stalk to only being
able to use let me show you this piece
of ancient technology an iPhone 5 and I
might be like wait time that's a good
phone it would be but I got I got my
brand new 6 remember and it broke but
luckily it was just like a malfunction
with the screen so I took it back to the
Apple Store and really fixed which is
great stuff and now we're all good in
the hood so expect like nicer HD r it's
not it's not Chris it's not like Chris
peach it's not 1080p it's like six 720
if that so expect some better vlogs oh
shit only got 20% battery left poor man
I don't know what silent show you guys
have you just how ridiculous it is but
yeah hopefully the vlogs will be better
quality now so I'm looking forward to
get back into it also
woo know that know that right there is a
beautiful hue oh my god I don't think
I've actually been awake for the Sun to
rise in LA in such a long time but all I
can say is it's so pretty I want it but
nope it's not gonna be mine because I'm
going to bed up there that's where
Tucker is sleeping that cutie look at
him he's adorable
what if we can see him naked I've got a
decision to make right now and that
decision is whether or not I go and get
in bed because it's 6 a.m. and I'm I'm a
little bit tired not a lot by up that
decision to go and get in bed at 6 a.m.
and kind of like maybe forcefully mess
about my phone for like two hours or
something or I take the flow deck and I
ride down to Starbucks and like no I'm
not one of the persons you like can I
get a mock fucking little chiller
I don't do that I'm like
just get a chocolate milk with ice and
get a little bit of food I think they do
breakfast stuff there because I'm super
super hungry we have nothing in the
house I have like I have cereal but I'm
pretty nice I'm sure that the milks come
off I know like this is the stuff I'm
sharing with you guys maybe looks gonna
hook into the world right milk August
20th no I accept milk and in stock yeah
okay I'm a shop now apparently but I
just think it might be a fun adventure
just to go down there so I'm gonna
debate with myself for a little bit
whether or not gonna go down I can rock
myself The Syndicate matrix hoodie and
just go on adventure so the next stop
might be going doing that but first of
all we're gonna box something check yes
I have bitches I got myself a brand new
razor product there's something just the
other day and I just completely didn't
realize it was for me I thought it was
like somebody took a book I got this
mouse and a Mamba that's why I remember
and the house is a Death Star cook this
is a deaf stalker basically this right
here you see this swag swag swag this
lights up like this mouse pad which I
don't uh plugged in like an idiot so
hopefully all this is gonna be like
super colorful well like I just said oh
it isn't this a Deathstalker see ya talk
about this is what they just sent as
well dr. chroma so now all this all I
hope you can make it so if you press a
button la it goes moving I'm like like
vibrates the entire thing what doesn't
vibrate you just like the color goes
boom it radiates so yeah I'm gonna get
this plugged in the stove they sent me
like two days ago still god damn it Tom
and by the way Emily walked in this room
thinks these tissues are for fapping
they're not there is there is evidence
somewhat there is there is evidence that
I have flew for ages and hay fever and
that my nose was running like crazy and
like this entire desk was just covered
in tissue so it looked like I went on a
big massive fat athan and that was not
the case I which I was like I need to
get there I'm gonna keep taking drugs to
make me better and I'm just gonna blow
my system out with this all just sounds
like I'm fapping to be honest like
there's no way I think I can escape
sounding like I wasn't fat in here at
all
but that's what I was trying to do boy
I'm just gonna throw this out it I have
never ever in my life been the person to
take more important vitamins or anything
or what you Americans call vitamins I've
never been one to do that but I got one
of these
well I got this it's men's one daily
mega food fresh from farm-to-table 60
tablets you take one a day I've been
taking them my delight I feel better but
I don't think I don't know it's a
placebo effect you know because it's
just by I'm actually eating better at
the moment like eating a lot more
vegetables as well but like I overall
just feel a bit better about myself
because I'd sometimes go days where I
don't eat a proper thing like today I
haven't had a proper meal you should
always eat three meals a day and I
haven't done but like when have
something like this this doesn't replace
and I'm not intended it to do so but it
just makes me know that I'm getting like
the daily nutrients I'm supposed to be
gained if not just at least getting some
rather than getting nothing so I don't
know it kind of makes makes me feel good
about myself but mmm
right I'm gonna I'm gonna check what
time Starbucks is open till well shit I
guess we're going on an adventure
because it is opened at 5:00 a.m. and
it's 6:20 blaze it I know it's 4/20 but
it's a though it's open so we're
basically going to Starbucks now oh yeah
better juicy my phone and go for a poo
and we're going down to Starbucks oh
look at this what is this it's the Sun
arising oh my god that is beautiful
actually don't think you could ask for a
better view of the entirety of LA with
the Sun rising that's pretty damn
incredible ahh
would you just look at it so far from
looking like I'm about to go mock
someone in my sick hoodie the sun's
rising I like that I don't know it just
a look at wait you ready this is gonna
be the thumbnail for the video you
already that's how I take the rips but
anyway right we're gonna bounce and
we're gonna go to Starbucks
so let's fucking move to LA three years
ago this cat has always been in the
exact same spot
it's adorable straight up like moisture
on the windows condensation shout out to
the syndicate hoodie it's fuckin
Swagger's fuck just saying as I put this
on the moment I put this on and walked
outside my house my brother tweeted me
on a Facebook tagged me a picture of him
he just got his brand new one as well in
the UK and he just tagged me in a photo
saying like thanks blue hoodie bro I was
at York stay frozen safe so I'm gonna
try and get an epic photo of me wearing
mine and send it back to me like Twitter
this bitch but anyway there's no one out
it's just just me well you know no one
it usually stay up
stance on pretty much treat people
whatever my god just look at that view
ah just look at it it's fucking
beautiful ah as know I have them phone
cases that charges your phone when it's
dead yeah that because I've been awake
for like 24 hours now that version of
mine run out of battery so I'm now
rolling around the street with this
another fucking battery pack just so I
can vlog for you guys so you better
goddamn appreciate and we really need to
do revitalize this channel actually no
one is doing exactly what I want it to
do boy yeah hello morning morning say
we'll just have it we're just roaming
around the streets she's like what is
that thing I'm like ah it's a flow deck
because I'm just swagging off my tits
right now hopefully I don't get hit by a
car so what if L out am I'm away to
Starbucks right now like I'm so fucking
lazy it's like if I was tired I was like
no I'm tired already go to bed
it'd be like yeah I'll get in bed but
because I'm tired I want to go to bed
but I'm gonna flow dak why the fuck
would I not use the fucking flow decade
mm-hmm this is sick
you put that into your phone and then
when some of the tables that got
charging stations built into the tables
so it might like why was the charges so
good because like if you went to
Starbucks right and you get chocolate
milk
this cost like two dollars like fifty
all right this has got ice in it so it's
like chocolate more and down effectively
I just called makes no fucking sense why
I get it like that but the hot day it's
really nice but you can ask with it
without ice and you basically get a pint
of chocolate milk which who doesn't want
chocolate fucking milk it's the key to
happiness and I've also got like a
muffin I got like a sausage egg McMuffin
seriously like a like a Mac now on
sandwich in my pocket so I'm gonna
cruise along a little bit get towards
the house sit down watch the Sun Rise
and eat one fucking more fun way so
let's do it
Cheers at I'm riding on my flow deck
because I get bitches swag all right
we're gonna try this
go fuck yourself curb go fuck yourself
usually ride up this hill like with
confidence and no worry whatsoever but
because I'm having a really good morning
I'm just feeling really chill I don't
know if I want to attempt it because if
I fall off and smash my phone that I've
just got fixed I think I might cry so
I'm gonna give myself a second to think
about it and decide whether or not it is
actually a smart idea
hey look there was me news I've made it
to the top on the flow deck so fuck yeah
take that for every thing about me going
up that hill on this is not the fact
that that was like a 45 percent incline
of a hill and this can only handle 15
and it was the fact that there was an
old woman behind me I was going up the
hill so slow that she almost caught up
with me but I was like no I'm staying on
it I'm not getting off fuck yourself in
a polite way
manners are great and a Geo load it and
I did it so yeah
pride it home motherfuckers made it oh
we made it home when the fuckers made it
home what are you looking at rabbit go
fuck yourself
I would try to stop the video then but
it didn't stop fucking computer on whoo
that sunset though I mean sunrise shit
I'm going to bed
seas off videos ready for tomorrow and
by video I mean ready for tomorrow is
the snapchat Q&A that I've done and the
temperatures starting to rise in LA so
why nobody isn't exactly a good idea
let's go and eat this really be quiet
because Tucker and Sonia are awake and
just ignore that is fucking bullshit
thing sandwich I think a pigeon just got
electrocuted on the line look at it
think it's dead on me this isn't living
life
there's my McMuffin egg Starbuck
sandwich and I've got a rocking chair
not even joking but this rocking chair I
actually found it on the street once and
I carried it like a mile home I was just
like why the fuck not we threw out a
perfectly good rocking chair so I'm just
gonna sit here eat my fat sandwich look
at that okay it's totally a McMuffin
sandwich with a different bunt it's food
and we go let's go sit here in something
if you guys are excited for the fact
that I've got my phone back so I can get
back to doing vlogs am sorry I'm eating
with food in my mouth but if you're
excited leave the like room subscribe
and I guess my neighbor's going
somewhere so until next time I love you
I'll leave you and goodbye you fabulous
people here's to the adventure to come
she is the record I got in bed at half
past six and for the past 45 minutes
I've been watching videos of midgets
wrestling fighting drunk escaping cops
and all sorts of shit I was I literally
watched one Facebook video on the new
update lets you just keep scrolling
through different random videos so I've
been watching midgets for the past 45
minutes
it was worth every second good night
it's 7:30 a.m. and I've gone to bed
