okay
you heard me talking this motherfucker
this motherfucking have you coming he
heard me coming he pivots on camera
goddamnit
did you actually hear me speaking heard
you coming yeah well I do I am I haven't
in my pockets and light literally
emptied like a wrap around my pocket so
you wouldn't hear me approaching damnit
I'm never gonna get you again ladies and
gentlemen
I'm never gonna get him again but anyway
how you guys doing today is a fantastic
day
the world is awesome and yeah I just
finished streaming we just er we
should've married over 12 at 12 noon in
that PST or 8 p.m. in the UK
I just finished ruin here's the room I
streaming right now as you can see got
the AC unit sticking outside to keep me
cool so I'm banging on for like 20
minutes before I screams keep in a room
nice and light chilled because otherwise
it just gets so hot you're sweating like
crazy
my setup I've got today's video
rendering out so that was today's stream
with stream and then a render and then I
upload it for the next day for people to
be able to watch so yeah so it's getting
there were having fun and I should've
clarify something it's not a bond I
don't thinks I've got a bond in the
background
it's a Maglite it's a flashlight
everyone UK is gonna be like it's a
fucking gorge but no it's it's a mag
light flashlight that's what it is
I call it flash line just because then
everyone in the u.s. Canon knows what
I'm on about but we're here in the world
of the house but I smell still it still
smells like planet so you know I had to
adds a nice and iced wine to the house
because otherwise it's just nothing
because like this is our lounge we
should totally do more stuff with it but
we don't do anything with it
like we should I don't know what to do
what we should be putting in like we
were gonna deck it out and we have a
gaming rig here result to play on and
stuff for art so we could like you know
sort of lining up and stuff so we're not
just individually in our own rooms and
stuff but we never got around to it did
way I can trust you for sure so am I
just I just will around are they booked
I really so what I think I've decided
I'm gonna do is I got some businesses
yet to take care of you guys my black
you don't do business is tough we just
play video games no I don't got a
clothing line to run which is crazy
inside no of that the right line I think
goes back to sale on Sunday by the way
so for those who've been wanting to get
a bright line since like seven months
ago know like maybe twelve months ago
when we last sold them they're gonna be
going back up to sale students so
everyone's been asking but I am really
brought it off because I'm not convinced
on the Sunday there yeah I found the
perfect thing dude they're in this
fucking room just wheel along the dubs
gonna the dogs puppy upstairs like what
the fuck are these days oh yeah I was
supposed to do yesterday's vlog went up
really late and it's always shot but you
know what I kind of thought like if I've
just got my good cuz syndicate central
it's just a pink it's my last way if I
want to do any one small little video on
it like a compilation my vines or a
funny random little 60-second video of
whatever I want I'm just gonna put it on
here I'm just gonna put it on it cuz
fuck not you know this was this channel
it should be allowed to support anything
like real life related I want on here
and not have to worry about it or
anything like that so okay nice
yesterday so sorry I'm so fabulous
where's my dog you'll find the dog
you'll find him Tucker and so there it
is come on yeah what's with you this is
this music ladies good dog oh he knows
that I'm gonna go ahead I've started
giving him treats again to try and make
him friendly with me so hopefully
hopefully is just a good guy good guy
okay
bite me on the face now I would say
start here but round the corner when he
lost bit me look we did hey Ted go
around buddy
so this is a he's been nice to me now
usually when I walk up the stairs let's
try it I walk down the stairs now watch
it usually follows me to the edges
stairs so let's see if he yeah look
there so I'm gonna go downstairs see
he's just friendly with me let me stroke
him I'll go down here and I'll be like
well I'm just gonna go
just go to the room it's good mastery
something about let's see if we can walk
back upstairs and not get angry at me
she usually starts growling some reason
he's not there you were in my room you
were supposed to be there we're you were
supposed to be in there you just way my
room I'm gonna go now but see now he
wants me to go those stairs he was in my
room so go and see what is he to eat in
always taking the poo doing point get
this he's growling at me hey 10 out of
10 would bang okay hey I cut salaries
sneezing ah oh he's scared of socks
see he's actually scared of sucked it's
so cute
