no no no it's not-- oh well there is a
plan of action today anyway if we do get
snowed in I've got another beef alien
space invaders and alcohol
I've got alcohol I got a falcon to get
the entire country of Brazil wasted no
why specifically Brazil it's quite thick
I think that's why is it part of action
today even though it's snowed over like
absolute crazy I don't think we'll be
able to get Lidia's care of the drive
well as of right now I don't think so
anyway so I've got to take my defender
to the garage and see if I can fix it
today so I can use it in the snow right
Kilimanjaro do not mess me up
Lara do not be icy I'm gonna try and put
it in 4x4 mode if it's even got the
power to do that to get up the hill to
get down the road and to get to the
garage that we need to go to dad's
wearing efficient hiking boots and I'm
wearing my old goose mm-hmm he'd aspire
to me dad I'd love to say that I could
tell you oh but it's broken and we
nearly crashed on my drive it no it's
got it's got traction it's just not
enough power so unfortunately we're
taking it to get fixed and there you go
she's broken area I feel like you'd have
to just drive it off the road there
this is our air doctor is she okay
someone's coming out guys in the
background of a fucking off-road boogie
the guy who the guy was driving it's not
a GT Abele he was driving it pure wine
bursts split open set is that on fire
you see seats all burn up from when you
sign it and just all seven five dominoes
it'll been burned geez that's not
supposed to sound like that
sounds like the buds pull up he's
mumbling fuck is is farewell my defender
we will be back you've got to try and
look for it it's definitely an air
intake pipe problem but there's not many
pipes that in-between through the engine
and stuff they've got try and locate
where it isn't stuff so yeah oh yeah to
Cusco I'm pretty sure everyone in the
world knows what this place is it's
basically a place to get things cheaper
I don't know why it's cheaper but it is
so you get things cheaper in bulk and
it's awesome kind of just like that book
this place we went to yesterday but it's
got more traffic boxes just like food
and drinks what is this place it's like
clothes and magazines and how could you
do this how could you do this sausage
down I was just about to say this is why
she's my wife she's good immediately
going for the cocktail sausages and I
love her for it
yeah I get it sausage roll ha ha my mom
juggling sausage that's all anything no
way a grunt
now free there's no not much alcohol
I'm gonna go for hundred quid ESMA huh
oh nice second guess how much reckon the
dragon I said four hundred as well
I said four hundred I said four hundred
it's fair to say we did a good shot
food mixers taken care of we thought we
might need more I'll go there but to be
honest yeah yeah alice is an alcoholic
you're a foodie yeah stop number two
completed they're on the phone to the
garage in the garage like and this is
like a family friend who will literally
look for the problem rather than being
on this one this was drawn in charge
it's like a family friend and they're
saying that it sounded like it might
become a big money job this is why I've
always kind of voice it's just buy cars
brand-new and can't buy defender brand
new and like when I took it down to the
Gary she told me said it was like it
looks great it looks good so no idea
what's got on with it
why is that why whatever's happened has
happened before I've got warranty and as
soon as I like wait for my dad's got the
phone I'll let you guys know what the
situation is all right so we're just
gonna pause the defender situation for
me we're gonna find out off my dad
bought the garage said let me just go
ahead and show you the next problem we
have and no shit you can't make this up
we've gone to we went off to Cusco we
went to Tesco getting all this stuff
everything that we need for spy so we're
coming on down the road and as we're
coming down the road
who do we bump into we're driving down
the sludgy Road towards my house you
know everything should be nice and
slashed away now shouldn't be a problem
my dad will be able to get his campervan
on the drive no problem that's until
until the unexpected guests decided to
block the entire road with his Jaguar
yeah no joke my grandad decided to come
and visit me and get his Jaguar stuck in
the ice and blocked the entire road I
have no idea how long he's been here for
I have no idea what his intentions were
I have no I was come to my house in icy
weather but we don't even same so why
would you even do that he was like I
don't know so my granddad cast talk
luckily he didn't go sliding down that
Drive there that would have soaked
could have hit the post fakie fuckin
blindness well luckily the slush has
flushed it stuff around my drive is not
icy anymore the war it was all melting
like crazy it's going down my Drive so
that's good get some more grit grit my
drive it'll be safe to go on now as for
the defender issue they've taken off
what is known as limp mode on my
defender to put into like at the way I'm
gonna describe this and for what I
picked up is into like a a safety mode
so it doesn't just go limp in itself
apart you know trying to like in a sense
muscles it hasn't got in the can and
just ended up damaging other components
another piece of the car so they've
taken off with mode they found what the
problem was to do without an airflow or
rather than it be something they can
access from the outside of the engine
it's looking like they may have to like
take the entire engine in Japan on it
much bigger job so the garage said to me
like a fucking Jack you a Land Rover
themselves good lad that's how it's done
oh darn look an egg don't mess around
there it's just honestly a suit your tie
is gold with traction here and start
slipping I might defendant before
Camille nearly went off off the edge and
that's like a six foot drop there I
nearly went off it I'm put I am
installing some sort of alleged barrier
to catch a car cause otherwise it's just
a flop I think me and my dad are gonna
try and give it a push to see from get
my dad's car all the way my gun does
Cara the way if not who knows what I
gotta Bob do so my trainers we're doing
no good
can't get any grip so slipping this is
no traction all right got the keys
got my defender unfortunately this is
not going to be for long
I've run a broke defendant like the
nearest dealership and told him the
situation they're gonna get back to me I
rang the people about a boy off I've got
a six-month warranty with them and it's
just a matter of time now
until I get it to defend get the
defender in they assess what's wrong
with it and then yeah they just take it
Pat and find out what the problem is and
try and fix it and then we go through
the finances of warranty and who pays
for what so Sox just because I'm really
I've never wanted to buy and those
sounds with a second-hand car because
you've run into you know you do run into
problems like wear and tear or is having
an engine from scratch you know you know
you can just take it in your warranty
and it's just fixed rate we're like oh
you take the gun
oh and give you a new one that's sort of
thing but a defender is offender like
yeah it's gonna go through its wear and
tear but it it was never like rag
drowned or anything like even when I'm
on it it's not even the fact that it's
been ranked around it's just it's an old
defendant it's not care it's gonna
happen they said it's gonna happen it's
just it's just what happens with all the
cars so unfortunately my baby's born so
just like that well it's a rest already
until I hear back from Jaguar Land Rover
like we know like when I can go take it
in to get it checked out well I was
actually supposed to be going out
tonight with Lydia Jenny and Eamonn the
Irish you flag legend but unfortunately
I said unfortunately I forgot that I
double booked my plunge and I'd already
scheduled in to go on a night out with
this guy shiver me Tilly's Gandalf it's
pull this fuck just clarify I'm not out
just to get pissed and sold out my
girlfriend for that
once all these yeast yeah it's purely
the captain often twistle quick love who
respond sir he's just a baby
so we're out I've been drinking wet the
baby's head I'm currently surviving of a
chicken boy from Lydia which I
appreciate
Laurie at this this is my second beer
we're having a third caliph you survived
um I'm so fucking jack I've got no damn
ramen so if I don't get food in me now
this vlog is gonna wind up how it ended
up overnight me drunk walking home
showing Dumbledore's and Schiller
with a gander Henrik bought this place
so sitting northern sofa oh yeah Oh
fucking lovely well last time I was
walking through Glossop we ended up
going to Harley's and Oliver got his jaw
broken someone got a broken nose and
this random knowledge yeah Alex got
changed but this random number tries
tried to like break some women's noses
so but I hope this doesn't happen oh
this place looks awesome yeah
where the fuck did they go hey I really
like Lawson you got one bar hey that's
like dead trending dead nice and no
that's not well then you go this bar
here that's got like clocks and Harry
Potter s theme it's not hardcore extreme
it just like classy and you have purple
and red haired people which I absolutely
look cheers to that that was a nice
place and they were playing Daft Punk so
I guess that's the that's the oak wood
ticked off the list I'm going out hey
you were to go for 40 pizza chicken
pieces and you better know we're giving
her a rating out of 10 would not advise
doing that so that's a no
even though you play cricket I'm I'm
assuming you're accurate but don't do
that yeah no no you should be aiming the
other way yes that's it smells pretty
good very nice very nice I'll tell you
right now if you're in Glossop English
and for whatever reason you in Glossop
maybe you live here went hunting thing
tell you what salt pepper chicken pieces
there all right they're not big chunky
thin strips but off
now I'm gonna give it an 8.5 actually
yeah that's pretty good
this is my entertainment for the night I
die
no no no no Alice you looking good
tonight eh Oh - he's like I did my
contouring I got enough vibe but she
didn't talking anyway I don't even think
I've vlog the body's in there I just
sounded with but like my wallet inside
and then I bumped into like a bunch of
like like 11 or 12 guys and they were
like so what I told her - and I was like
we were swearing at me really
aggressively or just being strange from
distance it turns out that we just
saying hello and one of them bought me a
shot at Jager Bomb and I was like
started and I said I promise I'll get
your drink afterwards
it took us how long to buy him a drink
back fucking-a what's that what's the
place called Norfolk am Jesus looking
Christ is this Friday you had like two
people you man
anyways we've gotta be good we got it I
bought another Jager Bomb went back the
table I'm sure I repaid the favor so I'm
happy about that one
where's this one now what's this next up
the Howard let's go fry so right now
we're playing pool but we're not playing
pool just one versus two it's one
business membership what is the rule of
the game what we played what we're going
plays killer with killer everyone gets
two shots yeah every shot that you have
and it's like a wine
if you if you don't part yours like so
and if your lives so then these crates
process of elimination and so every
single person on that list is gone and
then it's like you versus me how much is
in it I've been quotes are nice first of
all today I was like very nice but one
bad but be to James James listen listen
travel dispute you're all right wait
wait the creaky guys have found this lot
because he's embarrassed to be none
another team when it wait circumstance
it turns out it's my second cousin
through my uncle Christopher's wives
having Kevin Cowell second cousin so why
aren't you playing party so apparently
this is where everyone in Glossop goes
into HQ and is just completely dead
whatever I say tonight it's been
definitely weird necks it was like
cricket lads random wads random drunk
women arguing about getting nearly
pushed it's like mate just stay the fuck
away some guy and girl tried to fight in
Macau and it was just like you're just
unnecessary on a night out so thanks
much love and goodbye so we're now going
in a taxi home where Alice's said she's
got a few friends we going on the meal
yes
you've been talking about
you know I'm actually really happy about
more important than his food actually I
asked Liddy if she likes him and she
said no sorry never she said yes we
sneaking around the back of my house now
to see what Alice is on - dude right
watch oh I hope the cones I just say
that just done there as long as possible
just done there keep watching I'll take
she's got a bottle of sours in a run
someone's on the sofa I'm pretty sure
she said one or two why did you even
bang it's ours no no no I'll break it
don't do that
all the women are drinking but oh gosh
we do eat why you being adorable you
little fact that all right no no I'm
going right by hug you look Gadsby
you're just beat a normal cat being like
I'm gonna roam around and do random shit
your skin is fucked right now because I
went outside in the rain look at me was
out in the rain looking for you I
thought somehow or another you managed
to get outside and you'd run away I know
I know you wouldn't do it but I thought
you need a little key is the most
beautiful cat ever seen in my life
oh my god alright so I found the cats
all I'm saying is yep I found the cats
I'm absolutely covered in cat hair it is
now officially uh twenty plus two in the
morning in the morning I really just
want to go to bed so I'm just gonna go
to bed Cal's asleep the girls are - Dez
I'm hoping they do not wake me up they
don't disturb the cats or anything like
that I know it sounds like bad but Alice
is not supposed to be bringing people
back to the house tonight and that is
the top part of it she's not she said
I've got one or two friends going back
she brought five people by night not a
problem
but I just rather she didn't so we could
stay on top of the house keep the cats
chill before we use even artstyle stuff
bought
I'm actually not make sunlight web I'm
like a lot I'm kind of guy goes with the
flow so I'm very chilled that way but
nonetheless it is what it is I'm I am
very tired I'm gonna go to bed
thank you very much for watching make
sure the light grey and subscribe rip
the defender leave a light cream to save
the life I'll see you guys tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the nextel locks until then for
self-honest ha good
