welcome your faces to my brand new la
setup dun dun dun
absolutely it's exactly the same as what
it was last time but this is the room
that I'm in right now ignore all the
boxes and message because I've been
organizing all this to try and get it
set out right bought this this is my new
shell this is where I do all that the
magic happens now guys because then what
what it used to be before also it's been
a while so hello but before I used to
have everything against that wall and I
was just like facing a white wall but
instead of starting to change it up and
just make it looked I was looking across
the room and if anyone walked and I can
see them straight away and all that
stuff bought the reason why I am I
mainly decided to do this vlog is
because let me turn the lights off let
me to the myself I just got the brand
new Razer Firefly check this out the
mousepad is absolutely awesome so it's
like you know you get all your lighting
up keyboard lighting up Mouse this this
bub boy is epic so right now it's on
wave so I'm just on the on the way to
organize all but if you put it on
reactive right and let's say I want it
to be razor green alright whenever I
click how awesome is that I think I'm
going to think I've just got it on
spectrum cycling another one wait which
one do we say wave so it's just going
crazy all the time but it's like a
really professional mountain man pad
mouse mat now Scott yeah nice pad I'm at
and with the lighting around it which is
really cool and it's like insanely thin
it's like a like maybe a dime I don't
know I don't know I don't know what
Americans call it like maybe like as
thin as a Tempe yes then there's a ten
page view from the UK book yeah this one
who set up a lot of people have been
asking me to do like a proper video and
me showing it off and stuff like that
and the reason why I've just kind of
held off is I've not really had a reason
to do it there's been nothing different
since you guys last saw it in the US
this is my light box professional light
if you have like a white sealer by the
way and you want to use something like
this just a pro tip lie obviously
bounces so if you've got a white surface
you can bounce the light off the ceiling
and directly onto you the best place for
this to be would be a bit like in front
of it book right now I've got a sofa
down there and a lot of people might be
asking why if I randomly pour ice over
there but then reserve this is when
you've got all your cables and stuff
like that I've tried my best to do
able management it's pretty difficult
when you've got all this stuff but what
I've done is I've used this the holes in
the back of the Asus screens to be able
to feed the wire it's not really good
when you cook all the Y's together like
that but cable management it just
happens
yeah I've got my PC down there now which
is awesome got nice little sofa just for
like kind of chilling on and a drill
because I think I was going to put up a
green screen I don't know if I want a
green screen though everyone uses them I
just don't know if I'm feeling it kind
of limits the clothing you can wear as
well you can't wear green but then if
you want to wear green yes wear it use a
blue screen it's all totally random but
yeah this isn't like the newest setup
same screens
I believe I'm talking to Asus at the
moment about replacing these and getting
like the new ones because these like
normal hurts but the parent was like at
a piece it's like 144 Hertz or something
like that and that like 4k monitors that
I'm talk about game I might be getting a
bigger desk and like some new shelving
to the room when you get the walls paint
and stuff like that basically I think
I'm gonna like raise the pimp it out I'm
speaking to the guys about doing some
effort which I'm pretty excited about
but yeah this this this blog would not
have happened if Razer would've said the
days I just felt like it was like a cool
little add-on because everything's been
the same everything is absolutely been
the same putt from this this is your
your fucking awesome or effing awesome
this was offered
seananners and Cathy's like box
subscription box thing that came so they
sent me the first one of that and yeah
just video you know did it comic-con so
now that comic-con is done I'm back I've
recorded all parallel island which is
awesome racing optic is done not going
to tell you guys what happened you just
gonna have to wait and say that is all
I'm saying
working on planning our racing uh
hunting uptick season two and that's
going to be like in the mix of being
worked on right now so I'm pretty stoked
for that and and I'm gonna try that
lever world and you'll do a playthrough
on arc now the reason we're going to
play through on that like a series is
because you might want to did the forest
I basically compare the forest very much
to something like that apart from the
forest didn't have other people in it
and AK has other people and dangerous
dinosaur something to do a playthrough
on that I think it'd be good fun and
then just do it
this what I'm not telling you this
because I want you guys feedback on it
all I'm thinking of doing a well I was
thinking oh yeah the sims doing the life
of Diane I in the sims like make a
character look like die not be denied
do evil shit on there and just see like
where we can make it in the world if we
can like take over the town somewhat
become a mayor and just do all evil
corrupt stuff and and people like me
play the sims our think we could do it
and like I'd edit it up a bit and make
it cool wouldn't try and rush a series
we'll try and like a bit like crazy but
we could do that sort of video I think
it'd be pretty sweet but yeah I've got a
con the Samba panel was awesome I've now
got I think I accidentally just closed
it but I don't think it's done yeah it's
finished I've never got the video going
up I'm going to show you guys a sneak
peek before anyone else on the youtubes
can see this and I've now got this my
comic leglock
there you go so that's the vlog that's
the vlog that's going up right now to
YouTube and you guys get sneak peeks for
the first first people that will see
that of me going doing the collar duty
zombies escape which was awesome and
then I've got some really really really
epic stuff with car duty zombies coming
your way but I can't tell you guys what
it is and what I've got things sign that
says legally I can't tell you and - I
just don't tell you because it's goddamn
awesome and you should just wait and see
so it's gonna be epic book yeah that's
pretty much everything I just wanted to
show you the setup really it's pretty
dope and yeah this is kinda what I'm
rocking with right now so yeah hope you
guys are doing okay you guys want to
share let's do some book cool you guys
always see myself when I do videos is I
want you guys to take a photo of
yourself and just tweak it me you know
like it could be anything you could have
one screen and I like your xbox web
whatever it is show me your gaming
station alright and yeah I think it's
about time I just setting your master
shower to raise her for hooking me up
with a with my gaming station
peripherals and stuff so much love to
you guys bases stay awesome loads videos
coming soon and I hope you guys are just
doing fabulous so until next time I love
you guys and I don't
