he's and gentlemen that's me and Marie
can you see me yeah humph yeah I just
did that hey how you doing
I've just finished streaming day two of
my like twenty summit day vlog daily
things and I know it's been like what 12
hours between this one in the last one
but I think today classes is a new day
but I just finished live streaming i
streamed two fifty four thousand eight
hundred people which is crazy just
finished with that now as absolutely
mind-blowing I was dreaming or when I
stream and I just play and get into
plane and like say if I'm not reading
the challenge playing plane a plane and
I look over and honestly it was like
forty thousand people I was like holy
shit that's a lot of people that imagine
four hundred people that's a lot of
people then I looked again like a few
minutes later and it was like fifty
eight fifty four thousand people so that
was fuckin crazy if you guys don't know
a stream every day when I can and like
Eva ten a.m.
California time are twelve noon or 6
p.m. UK time or 8 p.m. UK time but best
thing to do is just follow me on Twitter
at Pro Syndicate and then tweet out and
I'm gonna stream and you'll be groovy
baby I upload a video as well saying
that kinda scream and come and watch but
that was awesome but for those who want
to know of how I do my behind-the-scenes
real quick so I streamed and I wants to
take the stream footage I then upload it
like this so this is me rendering out
the video put all the different videos
in and unlike the the titles that pop up
saying like don't forget to like the
video and then I just render it out so
this is gonna take it over 42 minutes
because it's a like 30 minute long video
and then upload it and then hopefully
I'll be good to go for tomorrow's video
but yeah working on so if you think
because ladies and gentle face is they
got I'm gonna call you that from now on
ladies ladies and gentle faces jet no I
didn't say Jeff jannett own faces unless
no I'm saying I have got some really
cool to announce
Wednesday this Wednesday for all my us
homies out here
in the u.s. you are my homies The
Syndicate original shirt the lion the
MMX IV whatever it is called it means
like 2014 sure you know where the line
across the shoulder there that t-shirts
been out in the US for a while right I
think we're actually nearly sold out
with that but the first time ever we are
launching the first syndicate original
hoodie going live Wednesday so if you
want to get one get ready for it get
ready because they'll be like a limited
edition and people have been asking for
these for like years of me doing
youtubers I've never I put I've always
been t-shirts so if you want one guys
this is your time and your moment to get
one so I'm throwing out there Wednesday
they're going for sale and that's gonna
be asked over my next little
announcement is that I'm gonna be
wearing to I 52 which is insomnia so if
you didn't know that already go buy a
ticket I'll meet you there and we're
actually enough to cool things down
there as well I could be doing the
signings and me up and going on panels
and be like my name's Tom I don't know
what I'm doing
I like trains and that is definitely a
micropenis every time i this is like my
vlogging route now every time i walk
through here i seems to just do lots and
lots and lots but I kind of today I've
got some stuff to do to me Adam I've got
gone seananners we've got go and do some
like script shorts
what works with scripts today because
we've got some some cool stuff coming
kind don't know if I can tell you or not
and so we've got that coming so that
should be really good and I'm tempted
till I jump on a bit GTA and get and see
if I'm still eligible to get like that
rocket work by launch and the musket
because I wasn't up there that came out
and then I was also tempted to play a
bit at Daisy today but I've already
streamed and I've had a lot of fun doing
it okay I don't want on your where
myself I'd rather just keep my energy in
certain stream like another day you know
because it's like when you're the boots
like I want to do something I don't do
it I don't do it on now I do all that
then the next step that I'm that I don't
do anything don't you so that's where
I'm feeling that right now but what
decided I'm gonna do you guys is I'm
gonna add one of my daily vines onto the
end of every single vlog now the reason
why is cuz I'm tracker on my mine now if
you guys have mine I doubt that I'll
like that i watch fine
I make some now and again but I'm not
like a dedicated Viner
anything by just making so I feel like
making friend of innos or just random
vide
whatever so wanting to do is in the
description this guy's I'm gonna leave
my vine okay you can just go vine and
it's like tongue dot syndicate liar I
don't really know what is but if you
search Thomson thicket you can find me
and so what we do is I'm gonna start
adding a bind to the end of this daily
vlog so if you watch the way through
you'll be able to watch the bind but
what I want to ask you guys to do is do
me a favor is help support me on buying
by jumping over a mine checking out the
so called oh we should you like a path
like a code and so like the code on this
one should be peanut butter nipples so
when you guys to go over onto my vine
onto the video that you see at the end
of this by going in the description and
comment on it saying peanut butter
nipples and dropping it a like and a
rebound because if you do that guys I
really appreciate it because I'm just
you know trying to grow it on there
because like it's a platform that he's
so big like YouTube already bought I got
into it at first when it came out and
then like I'd like a hundred thousand
followers on it but I was never like
never like really like yeah I need to
get into this but I'm actually enjoying
it more and more now and I've just doing
fun create videos on it and I think I
want to do more in it as well as doing
like my YouTube my livestream and vines
so if you guys are performing on that by
all means go ahead they'll be a link in
description and I guess I'll see you
guys faces later oh and throw us out me
and whilst I was streaming today we've
got like no bottles of water in the
house like no drinks or anything like
that so I was absolutely barley high at
this room because the Sun is just baking
through the windows that I was like
alright I need a cold drink and the only
one I had was a beer so throughout the
string this morning at 10 a.m. I was
drinking an ice-cold beer so that
happened but also sad note was his song
was my favorite song right now so that
is that so my favorite song right now so
it's called what's so not hi you are I
don't even know so I'm gonna go out and
see where Christine it was nice a
pleasure is whilst I had to attempt to
do this vlog once before
and pull out some never peanut butter
bagel that's what you want another 50
it's just such a little bitch I found
you in your boxes yeah you're going on
YouTube naked mom oh yeah oh yeah them
nudes say hello you must be so hard dude
no it's alright it's okay it's in the
shed but anyway I'm gonna go gonna go
fucking mad bitches and take names
don't forget Cordys come out Wednesday
I'm going to insomnia add 50 52 and I
don't even know if I'm getting Maya
night stickers left I think we just sold
them all out but if you want to check
below see on the clothing line citic
original if you've got any my nights
because that because we might do cuz i
streamed today and i was like they're
available in every was like fucking got
them all so yeah I'm gonna go and it
wasn't even mine which is
