world where rabbit and the Americas yes
ladies and gentlemen I am here in the US
of A I decided to do a quick little walk
just tell you some stories about what's
going on yeah you can't see shit right
now but there's another KFC it's made me
feel sick like oh whoa it looks like
predators even in there one sec wait
anyway
story time got back to the US these
lords maggots there and if you look that
they know they are maggots that have
evolved into flies they were maggots
that evolved into flies you have a look
at my vine maggots I got you science
bitch anyway so yeah but I've made that
way out back out in the States for like
23 days now that went down but this is
more like short time because one that
little maggot fest station happened and
then two there's dog pubes everywhere
there's like literally more dog hair
here than mine and muzzles beards
combined three I don't know what this is
I think the dog just went crazy and then
four when I came into my I'm gonna save
the embarrassment of any rudeness here
but come into my bathroom and I'm like
oh yeah hopefully gonna be all right and
I'm like what is that black thing on the
floor right there
what is that what could that possibly be
dog here no it's clearly when Griswold
is going to took his room got his
girlfriend's thong and dragged it and
dropped it in my bathroom
so I've got a feeling Griswold has hump
the goddamn shit out of that song at
least you didn't leave it I'm a poet I
just like walking like what the fuck
Tucker did you join my
but yeah that's it so I'm back in the
States now I'm on a flight 23 days the
dogs will have been cruising here
because look at it
good clean up his dog here cushy we'll
look everywhere now just I should just
start like every day picking up the hair
like this and just leaving it there like
a pile outside here I'll put in a big
jar and at the end of it see how big the
jar of hair is and we could donate it to
like kids do want a frozen - no fucking
no but yeah made out to the state
absolutely fucking boiling moments 8
degrees if that means it's hot it's
fucking hot we don't have AC in this
building at all it's just I've got an AC
unit no one else does I'm the only one
with one and yeah it's pretty goddamn
hot right now so I'm gonna crack my
window close my curtains and I'm gonna
get in bed chill out and I'm going to
watch some Netflix because it is I shall
have no idea what time it is
oh it's 10 o'clock so it's only 10
o'clock at night but it's actually half
past 6 a.m. in the UK so pretty tired
bought something everyone's been asking
me to do is to do daily vlogs on this
channel again now it's really not
difficult because whilst the madness
tears I've got LTE internet which means
it's like really fast upload so vlog I
should just be able to upload and there
will be days where I don't do anything
exciting and it will just be a daily
catch up like this to tell you what I've
done or to show something funny I'll
show you someone who I'm with but I
think I'm gonna do it on this channel
just the next 23 days so try enjoining
subscribe yes this is me with flat hair
what why I why it's fight I don't know
but I'm actually kind of like in it
being flat just because it's so much
easier just to have it go like that and
look straight and neat on each side
rather than it being spiked open on one
side being like swag and once I be an
ex-work so that's about that that's a
foot under I guess I'll see you guys
tomorrow I'm gonna doing a set time
probably not rubbin up and I might even
require more than one more than one in
one day and upload it if I feel there's
something necessary I want to upload and
share with you guys
things really anything to share with you
guys apart from me mother just went on
an adventure we got it we got a taxi I
was stabbed in my face I was like
absolutely I was like I'm gonna go down
and get some my hoagie wings some like
chicken wings but the place was closed
for me 24 that was closed so I was like
yeah what do I do
so I decided to order an uberx which
cost is nine dollars so like six know
about five quid to go down to the shop
go and do all I shopping for food and
drinks and stuff like that bought my
first crate like handle of six Bay's
legal exam now 21 in the US like I say
me legally buy it just because it's
meant to say she's like I can now
legally buy them this was my first one
purchased everyone's like would you mean
you bought them illegal it no because I
don't have a fake ID it's impossible you
have to look about I think it's you have
to look 30 in the u.s. to not get ID'd
and I first time I ever came out so I
later when I was 17 nearly 18 I think no
18 I think some dude bar that I went to
go into the bar just chill my friends as
I was going in there he looked about six
day and his wife of like for a and they
both got ID'd and I was like what the
hell is going on with this would LA
you're so drunk but yeah so I'm not 21
I can buy alcohol legally in the US and
I am gonna get so drunk yeah it's great
about go because I've known 2188 legal
do it for the vine I'm gonna do it
