danger be careful when you walk up it
because it's not as simple as a wooden
platform or a ski lift it's one that's
not operational it's right on the
fucking edge your face to the top of a
big-ass mount you I mean Tony I've
jumped it up it my dad and Jerry up next
we're gonna go to the very top I'll
probably do a video there as well but
we've made it up here up in the French
Alps
that's probably Switzerland over there
and these actually fog rolling in right
now or claps I require wood coming in
but it is insanely steep right now we've
made it we've absolutely champed it up
here that's such a laugh taking some
amazing photos at a really good time
this guy's about to get fondled with
something up his butthole yeah we made
it I'm stoked
it takes a long time absolutely drenched
in sweat and it's that cold up here that
much sweat is like turning into ice so
it's pretty intense right now but I was
good on my camera bot forgot the SD card
I brought so much stuff for me and I
forgot an SDK right we're gonna make it
up to top of there and take a fall was
all there just have some fun doing it
because guess what nice to shop make the
most of it and there you go we've done
it absolutely done it tagged this year
what's this like an emotional thing
emotional quote alright slowly back away
from the edge slowly back away there you
go we did it Tony let's go and conquer
the top and then we have done it don't
get fun to like this guy yeah go this is
the top this is 2900 meters on the
surface
of the earth oh look at it is that like
Geneva down that did we agree or not
it's no well we made it here anyway
it's absolutely beautiful you can see
every saw like you know green I have no
idea of the distance of their mountains
are like the height of them but I think
it Mont Blanc come on I think they say
back to that big sheer face they're more
the Mont Blanc that one over there so we
made it though ha ha ha
