well ladies and gentlemen I'm going in
the same place as last time but this
time I have linked and I have who the
fuck are you who the fuck are you how
are you explain tell it tell him right
now you got to make up a backstory about
what happened to you as a child I was
three years old and my parents left me
on a doorstep with a stork and a stork
raised me till I was 17 and now the
stock touched him in his butt
so right now listen this is that's many
light if you and listen we are we're so
look look at all three of us we're so
fucking America right now you know why
what a drive-through for doughnuts
what the fuck this is why I mean this is
why you people a fat I am NOT going
you're not this is why your people you
people they don't understand some
Russians oh my god I got sick the buses
out look at that just look at her but I
can't which point out that my ultimate
is matching but I didn't even mean it
blue blue blue oh my god you know how
women do style holes I'm gonna do the
style house like this what I'm wearing
today I was gonna do the exact same but
for my blue swag yo Minnie give me give
me give me 25 and 22 $25 and I'll shave
my mustache off how much money how much
money of you got in your wallet right
now if you can guess how much I have no
right now this is your that's all you
think I've got take a realistic guess I
just went to the ATM realistic guess
because I know exactly how much I've got
my wallet if you get if you get it in
within ten dollars you can have it off
know it at 345 Oh big barn okay okay
look right look I'm gonna guess how much
you got in your wallet on what you've
got yeah oh look at you
well Luke fucking punched me in the face
and stop the recording
look him he's on tinder again he just
sits there all day I'm not even joking
no he joked and sat in meetings with
this guy and you're seeing on his phone
is like what are you doing I don't even
need to ask him what he's doing he's
acting are you on tinder instagramming
listen I'm sorry guys but I've gotta go
make a decision on what Donuts I'm gonna
get I told you like kids in Africa who
don't have donut shops like that's so
unfair come on order the African cat
everyone always plays the African cat in
my comment you fucking you you sneezed
yes well I told you guys I was giving
vlog you more on this channel and I am
sticking up swear I don't know where the
fuck we are right now where are we
Yosi oh we're over an Orange County
isn't that TV show yes so we're in it
we're in the Orange County and I need to
get a suntan
because big booty bitches like big booty
boys what
