Griswald there's one quick it's not it's
here it's back it's finally here
why are you not excited I'm so excited
suka suka it's not here
how are you stoked are you ready for
this what why don't you like what why
don't you look like you're excited you
know what I don't know why he's not
excited because one it rained last night
in LA and to the back in stock well I
say the back in stuff but they never a
fish have been in stock because there
are a limited edition shirt ladies and
gentlemen the highs in barrel shirts
that me and Evan a card
came up with on a wide stream and you
guys absolutely look and now in start
look at it look like you've seen the
shirts as we went on before because they
were in stock in America but the finally
in stock the people in the UK and Europe
now let me say this if you don't know
what the hide the barrel show is me
having a card live streamed and I was
like I want to draw something alright
this was my drawing please note that is
what it looked like yeah this this was
what I was drawing and drawing and it
looked like get a penis nose and then I
was just like yep this is this is
exactly what I'm drawing not a clue and
it was like Heisenberg that was that was
what I was going for I then gave it
every net card to turn it from that into
a reality
he made this honestly it went from that
to that okay and we did it as a little
addition so if you don't know what the
combination is alright
this is Heisenberg so if you watch you
know Heisenberg from Breaking Bad it's
got the Breaking Bad glasses it's got
the barrel because in the film in sorry
in the series all the drugs are stored
in it and they put dead bodies in it and
then this this was my edition of
predator teeth you know from the film
predator with the animals watching Nagar
in it
and basically the tagline is if it
bleeds we can cook it and that's play on
words for what's it called predator
because the in the film it goes if it
bleeds we can kill it but because it's
Breaking Bad and you cook meth if it
bleeds we can cook it like cookie man so
it's finally back in stock in the UK in
Europe it's sure if you want to get one
you can do there's only a thousand
limited-edition so if you want to get
one grab one I'm an absolute fan of it
in black I don't really wear great
t-shirts it's just if you watch any of
my videos notice that I don't I kind of
look
oh go right in it it's just that I'm
just more of a fan of dark a t-shirt so
if you want to get one guys go and get
one while store in stock it's like I'm
sorry this book is only about this book
I hope it was mine and my sister was
tweeting me like just let you know Tom
we've got them back in stock and I was
like I must tell the people because once
these sell out they're done this is
limited edition one take wonder a
thousand in stock for your faces be able
to get Griswald just look at him when
you want your nail shit what do you want
fuck you so yeah nice absolutely awesome
I've got to go because I've got a
meeting with Google right now
pretty weird I love all my years of
doing YouTube like five plus years and I
have really never had a serious meeting
with YouTube I know I know friends we
work at YouTube and stuff but I've never
met anyone from Google to have like
meeting with so that's what I'm gonna do
so I'll leave a link in the description
if you want to go get yourself sure guys
I really appreciate your support in the
closing line if you do don't forget
everything from silica original is just
non non shitty or just pure the best
quality ever because I like you guys
know I had to call them I end up like
three years ago closed it down to two
years and was like no no it wasn't good
enough so I came back and we're doing it
proper and I'm absolutely stoked about
so you really go get one you'll get all
the year ones that you get all the
custom tags on the sleeve all the custom
tags in the or is it in the back
everything is like hag like high-class
quality and it's absolutely epic so yeah
you wanna go get one go and get one W
absolutely awesome and also I'd say what
I'm going to do it so I'm gonna do in
this video I'm gonna give the
opportunity to give away
alright I'm gonna do this I'm gonna do
this one second got it
or is it I'm gonna give away one of
these check this out coming through a
little similar to original wristband
okay
the camera focuses focus you little fool
focus cameras no no no focus no there
look it's got the syndicate logo on the
side of it and it says it's got
lightning bolt and it says original
syndicate original on it
this is gonna be in stock soon okay
because everyone's been asking for cool
things and that's something that we've
got I'm gonna give away one of them's
people in this video okay all I've got
to do is leave your Twitter name down
below and be following me and syndicate
original on Twitter if you're not
following me answer to get original you
will not win the prize so come as many
time as one I'll pick a winner I have to
go
because my taxis outside to take me to
Google so wish me luck I'm going to go
and punch someone in the face yeah
