so alright vlog time Luke has just
picked me up the bait admired himself
book there's a rot a literal rot in the
box eat look at it fire just what's his
name
Gidget Gidget though oh my god it's like
a it's like a demented pug his eyes just
sticking out of its face like it's on
crack so how do you know this dog and my
dog is my sister's dog it's your dog why
would anyone in the right mind
own that thing wasn't it's amazing it's
hiding from me because it knows I'm
going to find it and cook it
there's not even enough meat on it to
survive if you're on an island like
saved you flew internationally summer
and the dog was like in the cargo bay
and you're like oh no there's food there
it's like yeah you probably that
wouldn't feed you look at look at Luke
affecting me I might get I might get
like an hour's worth of energy from that
dog yeah maybe two hours don't growl at
me now that we're talking about you it's
shaky with me it's okay who's your
little who's your little rat who licked
me it's got the cool look it's now you
know it's like a pig hello or it's so
cute okay I is the chameleon
it's got community it's got chameleon
that one so Wyatt communi right where
we're going what we're going today Luke
tell the world tell the Internet where
is this section studios ma'am Yi we're
going to section studios work up some
secret stuff what's up dude what secret
the secret stuff secrecy you guys
secrets is you guys will never know the
secret stuff we're working on if you
wanted it like they could they could
Google section studios and they know how
how secret is
yeah no no they wouldn't know there's
nothing down there there's nothing on
that we're just saying that that's how a
high-end secret stuff the secret stuff
is so oh my gosh look at these houses
I didn't know these were out here know
what there's got done million Paul
mentions around a what oh that is nice
bit of an interesting front door it's a
huge big piece of glass you can see
straight into the lounge anyway listen I
thought vlog just to show you this cuz I
just thought it was funny just look at
it just a little rocky dog I don't like
them kind of dogs up you but you know
when you see something like a baby and
you just want to run up to it and like
football kick it like dudes like to the
forty line or whatever you do like yeah
that's what I want to do to that don't
give me the dog shit myself I don't know
how it we jump up from back there but
anyway I'm gonna go got some stuff to do
and I will catch you guys later
take a bow loops a good thing about this
is again I will bring you a part time so
weird I won this is the bit I want just
struggling just reserved this is two
inches off of it
