doji Doge Doge a doji Doge much dudes
many Wow
hello Chris world hello you fabulous
being hello you smell me
you safe what's the matter what's the
matter what are you doing - fine
fabulous day
this is Griswold the bear you should all
know him by now you may have really
liked seeing him in much films such as
Tom tastes nice let's bite him but
Griswold is Irish a Big John he that's a
really nice dog I I say that and I'm not
saying that to get myself out of any
trouble I said in the past I'd said I'd
punch this dog in the face because we
don't exactly really get a lot but how's
it looking me
white white be nice it's because he's
owners not here Tucker currently is not
in his house rolls nice house this is
our house it's not here because he's in
Canada Canadian ideas and I was supposed
to go into Canada I got a text this
morning say nah I'm not going so that's
kind of good and so I'm thinking of
doing instead of not going to Canada is
the days that was gonna fly out there
you could go into New York for three
days think it's a cool thing but Oh tell
you what I didn't show you guys you
probably Sartre went to bend down wait
what
and is there's the fabulous Sun is out
right now is this check this out the
brand new syndicate original matrix
shirt it's not out yet not out but it's
brand new
this is like when the first ones on it
Evan you guys know in the u.s. runs the
US side of things and they got this
printed out first before the UK and they
shipped me like one of every syndicate
og shirt check this out we've got the
highs apparel shirts you've got the team
dye nightshirts beast if you want to
join the team get one today because I'm
running out we got more higher higher
barrel and black hides borrowing gray
you got syndicate original ages shirt
look at that Oh beautiful
then we got look at that matrix look so
good and I got a red team dye night and
then check these out these little buns
with the foul curse with the syndicate
og logo on it they look really small but
it's stretchy stretchy band material so
looks like that so that's what I've got
I just don't do this I've just realized
that my battery is really low on my
camera is about to die so I'm gonna
quickly do what alright welcome to me
unboxing mini which oh my god now I'm
gonna have some cereal today and I gotta
start live streaming and when everyone
wonders where I am before I start live
streaming well let me tell you what
happened yesterday
so yesterday I woke up about half 11 had
a shower
I watched the YouTube video I was in the
shower like listen to it even and I was
like right got out I had enough time to
be on time for 12 o'clock on 8 p.m. and
UK to live swim so I thought I'm gonna
do it that is it champion Ruth and I
side for my computer I load your
Facebook and someone posted on my page a
wink about a goal all right listen to me
a link about girl who clicks I think
about I've got a get so anyway and there
it was sure now and I get introduced to
Gary the goat what the fuck gallery the
King goat I was like who is this guy
and I watched it and it's the most
funniest thing ever it's got like 1.3
million likes on Facebook and it's about
a guy who takes this go around doing
stand-up comedy and just taking it from
A to B like through Matt GoM's
drive-throughs into shopping centers
with a go and yeah so basically I
realized that I want to get a pet go you
know how to be evilly easily influenced
by the internet I now wanna go oh my dad
doesn't mind me leaving at his house
when I'm not in a mitten not in the UK
so it's not staying in my houses at my
dad's because then I could have a go
swimming in the pool I can't go I could
have a go eat my my grass like we can't
go out here you can't go in America clip
we got a grass the hell with it eat eat
nothing here probably knock out Griswold
with it on like goob head book but no no
kill it and by the way I think I said
this at the start but the reason why I
garden looks like this just dead and
desolate is because la's in a drought
right now you're not allowed to water
your gardens all like not big
celebrities and all that I still doing
it and they're getting like $10,000
fines but they don't get they're like
$10,000 ha a billionaire so they're just
like that I'd meanwhile I'm just like
yeah
the grass can say ground for me and by
the way for those who don't understand
that la is in a drought let me show you
something you know like you see all
these films like where it's the end of
the world and then like the old towns
look like deserts yeah and it's like you
know barren wasteland
that's what California is gonna look
like people don't think it's true but it
is quote me la is fucked
alright in the industry
the best quotation section ever la is
just natural thought there's no net
there's hardly any natural war here and
all that and everyone's like Tom are you
going deep honest man you going like
like are scientific in nature loop
oriented it's like listen I believe in a
place that I want to live and I want to
exist but la is not giving that place
because in about ten years probably she
could be a wasteland but all right I've
got one stream because again you know
what I said what does everyone think I'm
doing before I start live streaming it's
usually doing this sometimes I vlog and
then I just never upload the video
sometimes I like just sit watching
fucking goat videos and then sometimes
I'm still in bed yeah hungover something
but today I'm not feeling good I got my
own parlor and um yeah I'm gonna go
upload this video so I love you guys
faces leave a like rating and also don't
forget if you haven't done so already
these aren't out yet but if you want to
go ahead and be awesome
the link will be in the description for
you guys to go and check out like all
this in the cozy shirt but if I
definitely recommend one it's getting
yourself a team dye night shirt because
you need to join up the team because the
shows are running low and also where is
it
all right and getting yourself a hyzer
battleship because this is limited
edition and it's a crossbreed between
the film predator and Breaking Bad so
much loves your faces they look at you
all can you all do fuck me busted tits
that was loud as shit all right I'm
going going live streaming I like this
shit it's good I got it yesterday so I'm
really impressed with it good set to
rough all right I'm going I love you
guys faces you want to see more vlogs
leave like rating
leave a comment just let me know what
you been up to in life and if you're
doing your exams and stuff what year you
in at school like or what exams you do
like ggc's you know hey level zones
mother and I will catch you guys on the
flippety-flip side come by
