son Julie's the home of the rich and
famous and sunny weather we're reporting
live from Los Angeles is Tom Seneca
because guess what this is not the home
of Sun sex and rock and roll the hail
stone it's hail stoning oh well look at
it like this straight on the camera like
to avoid that let me just point out they
look like dippin dots man I'm live I'm
live from the storm I thought I'd ring
its you guys to show you that life isn't
isn't the cracks of what it's supposed
to be okay you know everyone's like oh
yeah it's all son seasoned epicness no
it's not this is the real grind have to
claw its way to work on making video
games and movies for you guys why
because of this weather no literally
this is the worst weather I've ever ever
ever seen Elena and I just was out a
second going without chief I don't know
why I'm getting so much room an idiot
Chuck is gonna hate me but it's his
fault that in his office when I was
streaming he left his door open all
these for sold so obviously have shut it
now bought took a took a done goofed
I'd better get inside before I get
electrocuted but just don't forget I was
live reporting here from Los Angeles
sure look at it it looks like it's
snowing shouts to the homies much rain
many snow and we're gonna go inside now
Griswold is freaking his dick off don't
worry a good Walt it's okay my dad how
do i dad look at you oh my all right so
yeah I'm back it's just totally not
focusing on my face there you go that's
the Griswold is shitting himself took
her isn't here I don't made myself a
snack we're going with pistachios a
sandwich and no don't where the beer is
old and then I think we're gonna go for
Eva Paki
on a teleport I'm thinking I'm thinking
Paki so that that's my 107 healthy
dinner
listen he was turkey sandwich with
Philadelphia spread unlike honey bread
or whatever the fuck it is Americans
just have weird shit okay that's all way
to show you just the weather so like
when people in the UK see me when I come
back to nor like map changing you an
actually States of America brah
you're like well you're not all Sony
dude and that's why that's why I said
gentlemen this has been LA storm 20:59
you heard me it's pretty bad it's pretty
it's pretty fucking bad anyway we have
to go get dried out some soaps and I'm
watch the livestream so I love you guys
faces sayonara and che
