Oh one way to wake up this morning ringa
ringa ringa ringa ringa was going on
look outside in a microphone it's a
delivery guy and I'm like delivery guy
I'm coming by the time I got to door to
walk out to the delivery guy you just
show it I'll put it in a box and drove
off I didn't do that first
I left Steve's like tiny little food
that we could find a pets at home in the
car overnight like minus 2 degrees but
we forgot about them ROS little bit see
but they're frozen
quick pass welcome to the first junior
today which is done helm in stop for the
place where no one knows how to drive
when you come into this parking lot be
told there's a massive sale going on and
all the old videos aren't going crazy
darling so what we need are vonda's and
they only have three Oh break it early
yeah oh God well we have another problem
with the defender the defenders been
making that hissing noisy there but now
there's no like a yellow warning light
on it so tomorrow I have to take it to a
garage diagnostic test run on it and see
what's going on boy why I have to do
this to me you see no I knew this cars
fast too much that's all I can say
second time avoid plastic honda civic
type-r it's nice and it's growing on me
like I said of all past it twice it just
seems too much foreign Pacific just went
inside map wins sorrow guide you by his
defender look at that beast oh my god is
beautiful got all the metal trim on it
that like I was gonna get it black with
silver trim but then I like I preferred
mine like he's got a bigger base unit
than mine I've got a Knightly
but I tell you what man that is a proper
piece of care the defender is broken the
there is now a loss of power so
apparently is going to thing called limp
mode maybe because of whatever is going
on inside so
taking it to the garage tomorrow to get
it assessed to get it checked out I'm
hoping once we run Diagnostics on it
it'll just be oh it's just a pipe and
then till I get rid of limp mode it'll
be running fine but the pissing air
sounds still going on in that so we'll
see what's that what are you doing you
lazy little kitties oh my god you mic
babe I cried again the moment I moved
the tray the moment and move the tray
just to take it away and wash it the
cat's pissed on the floor like mother of
fucking god I'm seriously confused cuz
you're not taking a pee you're not
taking a poo you literally just lying in
it like a bed.but and he's like where's
my previous poos I think I may have
gotten Catlett that may be too
comfortable it sounds weird but this may
be too comfortable cause he looks like
he's making a bed in it out of all the
toys and everything you've got all you
wants is play with his boxes isn't it
it's okay you please stay in the box
were they Oh what's this you don't know
eat this are you bowling yeah that's the
time you know it it that's the tub
that's the tub you don't from school
apparently this has been in everyone's
recommended videos
welcome to syndicate central because
life of Tom used to be called Seneca
central if you're new around here but lo
and behold there I am facial hair is Tom
man it's like if I was in the defendant
now this won't be a problem I don't
wrong well you can drive on it and all
that starts to pour this road is that
much higher up than the village so it
just gets crazy
that's my seat belt it just gets crazy I
see oh yeah I don't see well it gets
crazy crazy I see and it's just like an
absolute shit show so
hopefully when we throat yes I'm gonna
try this what is it this is what you
used to make a snowball you guys eggnog
yeah you Americans drink eggnog at
Christmas or you will take some that but
when we throw a pie the number one drink
that goes around one shot that goes
round is sours and to say that we can
get them for $5.99 here is pretty
banging so lot of this so what we're
doing by the way is signed up to a place
called Booker's in Stockport it's like a
big warehouse sales place where you can
get things like cheap because I own a
business yeah it's like 80 or something
over anyway signed up and now you can
basically buy everything cheap it's
basically it's like Costco it's like
Costco but absolutely massive and for
some reason absolutely empty but so far
so good just want to make this known to
the world I know we've had this
discussion but Lydia still thinks that
lion bars are the greatest chocolate
bars in the world I'm gonna let you guys
argue right now in the comments as to
why she's wrong and what's better and
for the great gatsby pie we're having a
sweet shop section in it so let you know
when the pop figures are Lydia's idea
we're gonna take the pot figure pretty
much yeah we're gonna take all the pop
figures down and then stick up all these
sweets and things like in the unite the
proper everything is gonna be sweet look
at this beautiful selection we've got a
mate we've got how to grow strawberries
I don't really care for suckers whatever
but like call the bottles the strawberry
pencils yeah that's absolutely fine yeah
this speaks words right now look at this
look what she's put on the bottom now
mate no one ever picks that when you go
twisting him if that's the most popular
one left behind we've got problems
okay this trolley is built for party
tons of sweets nowhere near the amount
of alcohol we'll have for the pie but
this is good job look around look pay it
it's gonna be great breadsticks green
sticks eggs black Jack's fruit salads
refreshers something strips yeah the
thing is just tummy's absolute tons of
it this took shop would be later than a
titty I know it
now it's a tuckshop this now it's now
it's a tuckshop I'm free because it's
gonna it's like going out a date today
so it needs to go they don't have to
clean you up 29th of December a loaf of
bread made can take this also can go
give it to some dogs do not rolling up
to her upon first looked ever alright
successful hall if I don't mind saying
so I three Lydia so good that was
romantic
alright well today we're going there
introducing IKEA kitchen Swedish
meatballs
wow this is Jesus so smart I did not
know that IKEA you can get jelly box
more importantly can get copper bugs and
get alcohol here with the help this is
amazing
I love mix rig one please
out of ten well don't you ever be in the
most romantic why for never bringing you
here alright then I'll give you a wait
I'm gonna do fine I will taste test it
and give you a realtor mm-hmm Oh
meatballs my mouth like watering like
crazy
I'm actually so excited to eat this I'm
not yeah we don't eat anything all day
to eat my breakfast did we pay for this
so where it's diving Swedish meatball a
talent eating did half a bit of gravy
that's why I remit oh it reminds me of
taste off my mom's own maid burger pies
which for about the four out of ten the
gravy just makes a whole nother dish so
not bad trying to pronounce things in
IKEA I've brought up brother
brother all up there yeah what about
this one what he's called ideal disk by
the way this was so good I'm gonna when
we were shaking things let a point that
look you just do that and it's a player
so you can genius 2,075 sweet jazz
achieved absolutely love this light bulb
eyes well nice is so cool it's just too
much okay careful driving and the roads
are super icy I have eight glass jars
I'm a lap 16 in the back loads of
alcohol still loads of suites sofa crash
this is gonna be one of the most
interesting
like going up my road to my house I like
normal people then we just put it in
your car boot drobe yeah I drop a boot
just consisteth I don't know butter
cakes listen guys I know we call you
fatty evil demon cat but oh my god we
may be even farther than you right now
this is crazy
these are the jars they're gonna go in
nice come on come on come on it's
feeding time
come on come on come on come on it's
feeding time feeding time
what is he doing there easy very easy
come on come on come on breeding time at
the zoo hey Steve well done you were on
time for dinner
oh here you are mr. lady poo enjoy tap
tap tap all day Cheers come on get it in
it's been a minute since we've all Merry
Christmas
oh my stomach our me some McCallum with
the fish crepes oh my friend wait so are
these booked
we're like twins but I'm like the
homeless version and you're like the
actual man how'd you like them
then again today trumpets enter just
just the record live he was like oh yeah
Krista's got Ariella so we probably only
having one pine to help to happiness
I'm not lead years I got that on camera
oh by the way we picked up ten bottles
of ethyl sours for losing weight say
this right now like imagine California I
hate you on Twitter
what have you done two months were
blocked you why and what do you think of
character it's official I know Joe it on
these although across Christmassy I said
they went every time a football team
loses he purposely throws a tweet I'll
just miss em enough to throw the bait
out take it we're gonna work out the
test of time as to the timeline of how
we've known each other so for the record
right now wait why do you wait for me no
of that I mean like so I know what I
know we're yeah so we've known each
other since we were I think we agreed
like three nearly four years old because
reception er Dowson yeah so we've known
each of us since three four years old
we know Tommy went wait we know Tom we
do because he was in the opposite and so
we had just for a camera way it up in
our primary school I may ask that was
well then it was our second school was
like set a and set B where's you and me
we say a and you're in set B I really
get to know each other did we that much
until you guys went to high school
together
but then from our free relationship who
was the first person you met out of
these guys
wait what'd you say to me alright so it
went it went you me then oh three then
it went Chris because I swam me Chris
I swore me Chris before I even went to
all this boy it's not right hey remember
the times when we were like sporty so we
did hi-c oh oh no hide seal is that what
it was like on the same team
maybe so that's where Chris got
introduced in the time line it's like
the Harry Potter time line is it so
that's how wait how did you - me no no
maybe maybe yes sir
so you knew him before did you wait who
did you know fer wait I see okay where's
the brown go wait who did you meet first
me
where's Oh Tom come I think you met me
first we swimming when were you well you
well you're because we swam well young
before we even you even went to older or
met people from Dowson gum gum gum gum
the reason why I say that you and me was
so young to the point where Saul yeah
yeah I definitely talk about that yeah I
do
but you'd think about now who did you
meet before who did you meet first me
where's all I tom because it wasn't
these two was it it was it was super
good projects in a minute share so I am
vice president
so have you decided here you and he was
the first person you met all right Ken
very sure we did hang out together we
definitely hung out in the streets
pretty thick a bit we went to different
high schools you right just forever stir
a light of Tom I went to blue coats and
that's how I met Lydia no Lydia Harry
Helen my yeah we did uh birthdays got
you beauty beauty carried on from
dowsing to older and that's where you
know I'm wrong you went from Dowson
primary school to alder no no but you
still went to the same school no I know
that but you still went from the same
primary school to the sacred scroll and
that's where you met crystal where did
you meet Chris thank you where did you
make this yeah whatever you're an
anomaly know if it wasn't for Chris no
I'm not I'm not thinking for us I'm
gonna make and literally are someone's
so much in this video is gonna make a
friendship map of like who I'm an how we
met so it goes from me meeting you to
meeting you because that we did get to
know each other's eyes and then yes you
you got to know you got to know where
you said about year five all right you
didn't meet your words until later on in
high school yeah I say this when did you
meet Danny
why what did you do with these ex oh so
you sell Eclair well I wasn't going to
be that this book you slept with a woman
he'd already slow with shit so did you
meet through women well who did you meet
first
Danny has to be done but you met Danny
promoting with 15 so through a girl at
you're dating you met Danny and then how
did you meet him how did we meet you so
that's how you got introduced what you
got introduced to a group through him
but can I say this then but this is the
way it comes like a weird circle you lot
wouldn't ever been bit introduced on
Macallan if I wouldn't have said no to
do my ICT course like games I'd
programming games I'm programming at
stuff all I said no and went and did it
high sand up too high Clarendon who's on
the coast with no idea some fucking and
then yes that's how you know some that's
how you know something that's a
universal no one here would know suck
you know Ben but you didn't know SAS so
I did no you did not know some you did
not know so I was a person who
introduced Sam singleton from our
college course through me and Tom's son
who so so big Sam ever likes to carve in
the vlogs
Big Sam so if it wasn't for me going if
it wasn't for me going to college with
him we never never may of never may have
never hung out with Tom and we may have
never hung out with something and now we
all know each other in other words
things I know we just found like four
hours talking about friendship booze but
me I'm gonna I'm gonna draw it out
you do know I'm gonna draw her out like
a fucking
like a map of how people may each other
come come come from from from you know
oh hey someone may have just nicked your
taxi is that actually your taxi oh wait
this one behind it Oh Chris get it quick
it's red as well hey toric Volkswagen
tour there it is my friend my friend
Chris Thank You Tameside taxis give me a
little bit of hog - I'm just saying -
bye okay Chrissy's drunk he's gone so
mad I think I feel like honestly can I
blame you my own dad and I have somehow
built up like one of the strongest
alcohol tolerances you know all my
friends are drunk we talked today I'm at
about three or four beers and one shot
I'm the sober as anything to the fucker
out there I can take a test and still be
sober
these were are all under fucking
planning and there was - can you believe
that the night resides all have been two
of us mate he needs them to change gear
my friend you're the yeah wait this is
the guy just an FYI a bit of reference
this is Rhino rhino is awesome but we
usually lose Ryan on a night out because
he's just there drinking drinking
drinking drinking you actually usually
drink a bunch of article before you come
out and then on the night out he's too
drunk already
and then he just like okay bye but why
is that
wait mate stand in the doorway with
pride you know you are
I'm leaving before you could I had to go
home to the cats and Lydia but you are
the last one standing
hello I have no fucking idea that is hey
dude
yeah you are the last one standing I
feel like you've had way too much to
drink you need to get just you need to
get in the boot ohm listen are you okay
you're right okay listen round up just
walk carefully on it walk carefully on
the ice I'm dropping down and set right
out right now right now I know all right
trust me you're not gonna get abducted
the license plate is somewhere have you
seen the signs just get okay wait just
let go right now do you know this this
girl so you're not gonna get abducted
just game okay yeah I don't think I can
fit in this wait I can okay okay what is
this
that's the squib what's this flip is a
part of the dashboard so the cars
falling apart
come on come come come come come come
yes dude I'm gonna send mystic trace
that I brought a little that is no way
this is how he got home yeah okay
squeeze think about it become the boot
of the car right no squeezing yeah yeah
yeah bring your legs down you're fine
can you drive home with a boot open is
that legal
is that illegal thank you so this went
from was leaving leaving the pub
sensibly it's okay right no it's fine
right our spine oh we doing don't bring
the car Momo such a reason mate that was
your later on oh it's fine right down
wait just like I witness it like a
kidnapping here or something is this
that you actually live up the road from
I hope thank God wait mum
hello mum your daughter's stealing my
friends so make sure he gets weight
right Oh give me a thumbs up I'll just
join to Chris alright come on game just
for the record your score and him home
so go go go go go go Oh
BYE MOM uh sir I'm wrong in love you bye
how are you doing you could hardly
breathe you guys have to get in the back
somehow so I'm just gonna walk home
Rondo ladies gentlemen
oh honey oh sorry it's been a pleasure
hey make sure no oh shit shiver me
today's Gandalf it's told us fuck
I'm currently walking home wearing a
pair of jeans and I tell you what
syndicate hoodie I'm actually not that
cold
the other thing that's called is my
hands because I don't of course but if I
put me inside they're really nice warm
syndicate regional clothing that I'm
fine I'm gonna put you back of a car on
the windshield wiper stay still you're
sliding but I'm wearing the brand-new
coming out in the new year probably look
like it's breaking into the car so deer
license plate number that person wasn't
break-ins car I was doing was using your
windscreen wiper as that and if you're
wondering why I'm walking like this it's
really icy so if you ever if you walk
like this what will slip but if you walk
like a crab
you've got more ability to react and
stretch your leg out so just a protein
so well like this well then this you
survive longer I don't know this I don't
made it up about three years ago and it
worked me ever since but holy shit it's
beginning to look a lot like Christmas
but uh who's always supposed to go to
that pub hondalink
and that's not just because I don't talk
to non-college no I just let's go in
there cuz Chris has got dark like it's
got dark
so I thought you can only go out for one
drink so it's just a quick pop in pop
out a bump dude cuz it's to drink
steamed turns out it's always staying
there for a bunch alright then I'll have
a drink next minute someone got a shot
next minute but like four drinks five
minutes each I still haven't got being
the most there I know it wasn't like I'm
you're drunk I'd actually say as a video
way way too sober is this sober
then there's getting drunk getting drunk
getting drunk but let's try and make a
chap I need an official I need an
official tongue syndicate shot which
goes sober
okay getting there almost there
pissed drunk wankered deadly and then
blackout and then the ultimate term is
can't remember the night before if
someone can actually make that in like
an art form of I think I'll somehow get
it made into a sliding chair or if you
work at a company that can do that I get
into a slide in chat so we're walking
I'll just go yeah um I'm backed out you
know like that but honestly I'm really
responsive know what's going on all my
friends are drunk ever had to get taxis
on I like super sober and you know what
all the stars are out the moon's out I
am freezing cold cuz I think it's minus
three tonight but hand-holding this
phone to vlog is killing me and my phone
battery is probably on 20% and another
story to tell um yeah my phone's that
broken that my flash doesn't work and we
know try it again doesn't work anok nope
8:8 actually that's the that's the moon
that's the light it's that call that the
light on my phone torch doesn't work
thank God he didn't take me to walk on
from my local pub to here that long but
this hands really one look I can move
like this this is the hand that I've
been vlogging with Oh like oh it's like
nice but let me show you my road look at
the crystals every time you see women
crystals that means slippy ice yeah it
kind of it didn't snow today but it Hale
stoned and when it hailstorm the
hailstorm a land left water on the road
and then because of the hail stone being
thick some of them was so thick that
just got that call it froze so it's kind
of this like crunchy service shining but
when you're in a car
this is lippy as titties and that's not
to say that all titties are slippies but
one thing I will say is if you don't own
a syndicate original EXO hoody by the
new year the Japan trip was one of the
coolest trips I've ever made and
inspired this hoodie from like the not
light blue which it used to be so the
dark blue print the white syndicate down
the arm to the new print on the top but
isn't white as well but to the print on
the chest to this oh my god I've made
home sweet home and even my wife is in
there all my kiddies are in there I'm
pretty sure Lydia said she was going
home tonight so because I was out with
the boys I don't know she's in there but
the same time I don't know if she got
the drive no well I guess we found out
because I cat was there no it's not so
Lydia is not in the house tonight she's
gone but oh my god oh my god oh my god
it's so cold II can't wait I'm like the
one person who plays fetch with you and
you're running away okay
the wife may not be here but she's here
in spirit get it spurts but my joke but
anyway the wife may not be here but
she's here in spirits again Livia is a
legend and she's made jello shots now I
don't know how what house
she literally made these today how was
it how did you freeze this but she's
made jello shots but New Year's Eve
already so we already know it's gonna be
one hell really you're gonna run away
and honest to god all these cats won't
was do is play catch me that's do mean
person to me watch watch this which is I
guarantee walks out like a big boy he
will bring this respond to me and as
soon as he knows I can play fetch it'll
play you started like Batman he's like I
don't know a justice I what you need
without here going you need me right are
you gonna finally bring it to me he's
got from there to here getting closer
and closer because he wants me okay it's
okay
you ready what's this go get it alright
let's see if it brings it back at Nancy
throw that far said yeah I didn't he was
close to going into the room and then he
would have brought it back what whoa
well then climbing stairs techniques hey
she's like talking what mate
oh good job well done have you finally
decided to let me throw it to you Europe
mm go get it you're any worse this it'll
bring you back it may take him even if
he's gonna fight with Luna but I played
this game of fetch with in previously
but a half straight I was playing
runescape and watching the movie so the
movie was now in a half the entire time
I kept throwing to him so how long am I
gonna have to wait for this come come
come come come come
don't drop it there no no all right now
and he's doing his own leg
did it really take you that long to
bring you to me ulti he'll like right
when I made my office I throw
everything's in black immediately but
right now he's not doing do you want
this yes is the answer so you ready you
ready ready
nearly visited OB and now we sit and
wait and that we sailing way with the
way of the shoulders no yeah
and now we sit wait with the way of the
world on our shoulders
yeah that's exactly what I meant to say
it's missing waves but the cat the cat
abandoned me all right
I've been laying I threw him to play
fetch he didn't even come back with it
he just left it over there and then he
went upstairs I think got carried away
watching my old Daisy video uh Mimi mr.
moon and by the time that happened I was
like where's the cat I can't see oh
there can't see more there where's the
girl where's the cat there's a respond
there's the cat look at him you lady
busted you lazy bastard like father like
son
I've just started lay out on the floor
I'm giving it all over watch this I
guarantee chases already he has no idea
what that is he's never seen a 2 pound
coin in his life
you ready for a five-page he's never
seen this in his life before sipping
attention you City little Kiwi doing
what we doing
you being sneaky aren't you what are you
doing yeah you wanna be loved
no okay no it's because all my money
thought my fucking you got scared so
that's why I roll bit just finish this
I'm trying to spin it just so it makes
it known and gets his attention but a
head buzzer oh no were you doing hey
deke that's cheating come in green oh
stop it
you got it you're gonna watch it you
ready I'm gonna try and stop him from
here it look like everything last time
have you look just max it god dammit
case it's a ninja boy this is where the
cat's infused Olivia herself this is my
pop finger wall as you remember but
Libya has set up goodbye well don't take
that the view set up the opposite wall
as the sweetshop
look how good that looks so I think
we'll probably move these Suites from
here up to there and then we're gonna
spell using sign saying like sweets Eva
across the top like you know sweet shop
or tuckshop or something
so New Year's Eve we're gonna have bags
people to be able to grab a bag Alan
just like walk over take the lid off
grab a sweet and they can just make
themself a tuckshop so I've made my very
own sweet shop in my own house and for
the record I didn't make my own sweet
shop
my girlfriend Lydia made a sweet shop in
my own house
and I tell you up well don't who likes
to take your biggest yeah yeah well the
drôme care from eggs to forth to sticks
to this to this to this this is best
sweet on this entire aisle oh my god oh
my god oh my god yes I always given
cover mind
I actually prefer this being a sweet
shop I love my pop figures and I will
find a bad place for them but I for
substance I could put sweets on these
drawers and cupboards and secure them
lighting of what - honey child like this
so when they're open you can walk into
if you don't know that cinema so you
didn't know I have a secret cinema in my
house which is brewed a Vulcan less than
a trillionth so you can grab yourselves
some sweets up the doors in a bag to go
into the cinema and watch your movie it
literally makes the most sense rather
than putting pot lid on it which is
awesome I could put candy for the cinema
before you know it the wife was home
I watched host Harry Potter and the
definitely all was part two for about 20
minutes now I'm set of it consisted of
explanation of Lydia which was
absolutely amazing cuz I just it's like
it's nice to watch Harry Potter and I
assume is nice to read the book but it's
so nice to be able to compile it combine
the two I'm just want to explain the
difference between the books in the film
so really really really really really
enjoying watching the films and the
Darrell explains me I watched it I
watched them all as a kid I've seen all
the Harry Potter's but it's so nice to
just have them all explained all over
again
so that is exactly so I've got about two
and a half hours to my phone battery
died but nonetheless really enjoying the
film I'm gonna have to go before the
phone battery dies again and just
literally just cut itself off so thanks
what should make sure you leave a like
great hopefully the one Rover will be
fixed by tomorrow if we can hit a total
of three light cranes that means if you
see a thumbs up button click it we're
set
we're rolling we're if you click to like
rain we're two away from three like
cranes and I'll see you guys tomorrow at
6 p.m. for the next day of luck so
thanks for watching I love you all I'm
exhausted can II we to go to bed bye so
it's a wig come come see come sir that
makes no sense but I'll see you guys
tomorrow since we have the next don't
tell it
fuck off is not getting better
sorry us
