okay I had to get my camera and show you
guys this real quick I can't believe
this has happened like this makes no
sense
it's physically impossible this should
not be happening right now Griswold
should this be happening right now like
realistically should it be happening
should it be
I don't know but guys I have to show you
like I can't not show you I'm in LA
right now in LA los angeles california
and it's raining what what the sun is
taking a piss
it's literally taking the piss there is
moist ground wet dirt wet dog fluff this
isn't what I signed up for not to help
the fact I have a cold I have actually a
face head cold and it's raining I'm
wearing my god damn flip-flops this look
and his took her in here can we see him
where is it there he is
dude dude it's raining no it's actually
raining this film ass dog the work that
I've got I come outside look I come
outside and I look over there and he's
just sitting there
arrey in the rain and I'm like what are
you doing the doors open he was too
afraid to walk across the wet grass so I
had to carry it's not safe it's not it's
not safe that's my wearing shoes man we
can't go here this is why how does that
how does America how does America
operate I guess I'm not leaving the
house today
we can't do anything like this everyone
the world's gonna end the world's gonna
win man can't believe it this is not
what I signed up for your dog is just
sign here so sad dude he's probably
stoked at the the range he sits in the
summertime's it sure looks like I want
to use he's afraid of it yeah he's
afraid of pole puddles yemen's for
walking he sees like a puddle he'll
freaks out it's okay it's just don't
worry it's just a son taking a piss my
nice I can't leave I was gonna go and
jump on the trampoline for a bit but no
the one day I decide I'm going outside
I just time that perfectly then I timed
it perfectly
introduce yourself right now hi my name
is uh my name is Cole glove I'm a
youtube and twitch a content creator
I like Gears of War wait a minute no no
I know
wait your your little tooth your look
your little tip of all the business
sites doodle is still amounting hang
about else that it's so loose yet doing
it's everywhere it's it's like it's
becoming his new poop
there's no way to even like get it like
just look I can't I physically can't see
any dog poo all I can see it's just
clumps of fucking hands evolved now he
only passes hair there's no poop it's
just about hey listen this is what
happens when up in LA this is where the
ladies look it he killed the grass he
literally just gnawed it to death poor
guy man rip riperoni pepperoni yeah it
is cold it's just man key weather I'm
gonna get some food oh my god my plants
still alive anymore
oh maybe more earn plenti call it
planting can we move it yes I think yeah
what the fuck is is even doing here we
look like like homeless it's through
people like there's a crossbow
underneath there there's an empty desk
cabinets I like how you've got that much
aspiration
he believes that much that took this was
all dead like like kind of that color
but worse and then he made it all go
green again and he feels that confident
that he went and bought a lot more and
now the brain is gonna help with the
drug
there you go good man see we can rely on
gardener took her over there I'm gonna
make him make me a gathered in Minecraft
this gives me fabulous but anyway that's
why I wanted to show you that was that
was literally the only thing I wear to
show you the house yeah that's a
micropenis I'm afraid the house is still
looking awesome we put this all out so
it's looking trick yes there's a lot of
alcohol over there but alcohol is good
for you in the consumption of never it's
just the worst thing ever so yeah I'm
gonna go and edit and show you guys this
what's going down now I'm uploading the
latest mine I am so our yesterday's my
knife so 294 time I got rained on I'm
not be doing
stress got that onion 294 minutes till
the next episode this absolutely sucks
so that's two hundred ninety minutes for
that episode to upload and then if I go
over at sharpshooter Bank and then the
next episode is going to take oh my god
four hours and the
eight minutes to render so this is great
this is great this basically means when
this happens this is why we do to our
streams right two hours and that's it
so this means I can really use my
computer all day that being said I can
just get a life and go outside for doing
raving for
