do you wanna build a snowman no you're
fuckin one too that's how I finally got
blinds bitches ladies and gentlemen
welcome to video I've been doing a
constant thing with this this channel of
loading video like every month hey y'all
what's up bitches so expect only 12
videos this year but welcome to my
humble abode the reason why I'm filming
today in this room
now everyone keeps asking where's the
house Weezy house to keep it a house
tour we weren't asked to listen the
house is nearly finished obviously I
want to be proud of one I get it dawn
y'all like the little details finished
never said if I wanted to share on
Bedford because you guys have grown up
through my youtube channel and knowing
of like where I make my videos my
bedroom it was like literally my bedroom
was this floor space there if that it
was from like there that cabinet
it's that cupboard that was my bedroom
there that was it that was all it now
finally I'm at I'm my old man and my own
my own leg I'm a real boy so I'm my own
real boy that sounds weird but anyway
I'm now here in my bedroom where I'm
gonna show you what I can almost say is
literally like a finished bedroom almost
so this layer is ingest look at it ah so
she'll cured much Wow many things by the
way that's not pink there's nothing on
the camera it looks big it is not pink
okay is actually a some reason it makes
it go like white light it's actually
kind of orangey but look it's actually
brown this is all walnut and stuff so I
oh my god what do I do with it and by
the way before I spoil it and yes I have
a blue pillow and and if you're
wondering why the bed looks so wide and
then there's no pillows there is because
this this bitch is is I'm kind of
ruining the effect
let me just took this in like this this
is supposed to be a flow in bed so yeah
not yet see it it flows the bed flows
really cool bed that found now this is
all well and done and everything but the
bed I got like I told you guys I got a
custom-made because I want it have
always loved sleep likes everyone was
sleeping bought
reason why I say this is because you're
spending half your life in your bed you
might as well make it the most epic
thing in the world never cheap out on
bedsheets never cheap out on pillows all
the actual sizes of bed that you sleep
in you get the biggest bed you can
you'll enjoy it the most okay trust me
you got more room to roll around and so
when you having them epic dreams we're
like fighting ninjas and bitches and
stuff like you were you need the big bed
to roll around and I know that does not
sound right in the slightest and is that
low just cut out pieces of crap
everywhere because builders have been in
there but yeah this is this is the bed
there's my fee and that's just at the
edge of bed and my head doesn't even
read you because the bed seven foot wide
likes they're gonna custom-made and it's
a nice floating bed but the problem this
is the the mattress doesn't fit now
we're waiting for the seven-foot
mattress to come but if you have a look
here yeah that's the actual size so this
is like a six-foot mattress yeah I mean
that's another thought that's gotta come
yet so we're waiting for that to come
and when it does everything's gonna be
awesome
I'm pretty stoked for it and when it
arrives angry but laggy so yeah this is
my bed and by the way the weird thing
about curved TVs no one will ever tell
you it was see the reflection okay this
is all out of a gel like this I got this
made it was this was all gonna be cubes
like cube cube cube cube like kind of
like Tetris and like minecraft Easter
but I did realize it made the room to
look too square especially with a curved
TV that I was like oh okay well I like a
nice curved unit for a curved TV makes
sense right I like curved angles on this
why is it coming open
no all the bitches will escape stay in
there you just can't get the stuff
nowadays Kenya I'm joking where's my
team in life all right so the weird
thing about this by the way is TVs are
kind of like a mirror are they like to
think about it like you see a reflective
him you see that let you see the things
bought with a curved TV it stretches the
image so look at the size of me like so
there's me like normal so look it but if
you go to what to five to the side it
kind of makes you look dead fight it's
kind of odd but there we go so that's
the one I would say downside of a TV
because it kind of just erm it stretches
the image a little bit you know check
this look it's got a pointer on it it
stretches the image over you to make you
look like dead big and fat and wide but
yeah don't worry about when the house
doors gonna come it is very close to
being done I'm like insanely on the
drive just got finished recently so
that's pretty cool
I know I haven't been watered watching
Pretty Little Liars we're talking about
I don't watch that show no I don't know
I could watch that yeah okay I watch
really lies okay I want my sad fate made
me watch she escaped out of the cupboard
and she made me watch you alright so
that's about that book yeah the reason
why this room I'm not even sure use it
for these because it was getting so
close to finish so when the mattress
here it is finished but the one reason
it wasn't finishes because I didn't have
blinds this all this time I had no
blinds on it so every time I was waking
up naked in bed I had windows just there
and that no one could see me except like
the heart is in the field like man look
at him he's naked so that was about that
book yeah there's it's nice I don't even
got a spring yet so you can't jump up
and down on it because it's a memory
fill in bed and I've gotta wait for the
new ones to come so that's about that
but yeah it's kind of work to show you
is it the the updates of it for those
wondering no this is not a big black
schlong and comments it videos before
people of us it's a god damn flashlight
look at it Taj got Taj is in the UK for
everyone freaks out like flashlights and
dick Christmas present this is a
Christmas present for that I didn't
deliver this again it's not under fish
lung it's a Hoover part that's good and
then here's my here's my wardrobe with
all my used space in it but this is good
I buy a lot of t-shirts but then I got
my own clothing company so I steal a lot
of my own t-shirts that's the thing
and then his the is the hallway so this
is almost done like the stairs and stuff
stairs the store almost are all done the
oak floor goes down soon so once that's
doing everything I'll be good in the
hood book yeah it keeps the lid and up
to date with what's going down the
bedroom is finished oh don't show you
this probably got some side but she's in
areas one occasion and the ensuite so
yeah oh stuff toenail clippers oh and
made old cuckoo she's what could this
mean I have two two pushes and that's
about that ladies and gentlemen closing
the blinds there you go I like dark
walnut
I got oak doors but I like dark oak
wall nor in bedrooms I think looks good
he looks rockin rollin but yeah that's
my bedroom so those who don't care so
yeah literally two week three weeks
maybe until my bed
summer house we'll have a video going
around it black yeah welcome to MTV
queries bitch born say nine to three
weeks are we going back to America most
likely and so they're not that I mean
it's like two months away stay awesome
I'm gonna go into the office now and I'm
gonna play some zombies so fuck my
bitches take names and yeah
