ladies and gentlemen it only took us two
years of me
visiting a year of me living here
finally the game of Shore has a sexual
looking lounge check this out ladies and
gents know for those wondering this is
not my house that I've been building in
the UK currently in the Los Angeles of
America's us survey yeah but I don't
know what I feel like this is a proud
monumental moment for me to show you
guys the swaggy new lounge and the
reason why it's this swaggy it's because
we got shape wakes up in this bitch of
this look at this you like shake weight
we got shake weights but now the reason
why this is so monumental is because
it's not even Christmas and that tree is
a year old but over three years we
traveling bitch to LA and stuff the guys
are still event T my mother for the
Jericho and go glove then guys all used
to live here four of them in what is
known as the gamer sure I'll show you
the year the big soft twat to show it's
the gamers sure this is this is the game
ashore as you can see there's penises
and I just realized my battery's low but
I'm gonna have to make this quick boy
after three years of me visiting here
people used to stay on couches I'm
mattress on the floor
this place was always filthy and just
like super super shitty it's really
unfortunate to say that but it did it
made it it did its purpose at this
purpose people could sell the couch but
concur visited I was the Galea we stayed
on the couch or visited on the on like
you know the mattress on the floor and
we'd always come in every week and it
always be some random person stayin
unlike champ Chong would come and stay
random youtubers would come and stay no
everyone could stay I would come and
stay over and survivable finally we've
done it we've made it look kind of
swaggy now the max will main part of
this video is because I wanted to show
you that but I wanted to just say before
the battery dies in this on this camera
but if you guys picked yourself up an
LTS sure evil limited edition standard
edition or just in general any shirt
from the syndicate original store I need
to give you guys its update all shirts
are being processed and worked on
getting delivered and everything I don't
look at the sexual like a lot the are
being processed they are getting
delivered yeah everything's going ahead
bought in 21 minutes we sold over 3000
800 shirts on the store when we launched
the LTS shirt we saw that with all of
them everything on the site sold out it
was crazy
now just let you know we use the handle
maybe a few hundred orders a day that
sort of thing and if you don't know who
we is we is a family-run business my mom
my sister run the UK side of things now
the UK selling things alone got hit with
just thousands of others already now
they can you know happily deal with you
know a few orders here a few hundred
dollars there and stuff like that but
when 3,800 orders come in it bombard the
shit out of you and we really were
expecting it like I got the plane was
like yeah the LTS youit's will launch an
hour and after I set off and fly
hopefully you know we can sell a few and
or go really well and people can you
know over time like get their selves the
hands on one of the golden LCS shirts
where this 2,000 of available in the
world and when I landed my sister said
they're gone
they're all gone we sold out of
everything in there like 21 minutes so
that was if that wasn't crazy enough I
don't know what was but just to
summarize all the shirts are getting
packaged everything like say the first
six minutes of orders that could have
been a thousand ships well that's what
two days to take care of the next 10
minutes after that could've been another
thousand shirts so that then is like you
know doing 500 a day shirts that's four
days so you guys just need to bear with
us and understand that the delivery
process is three to five working days
now if you don't get yours in three to
five working days it goes over by maybe
six days I entirely apologize but it
hopefully shouldn't Duke's I know my
family's working super hard to get these
shirts out to you guys on time like a
boss but I just want you guys to
understand that if there is a
possibility it being late by day we can
only apologize and didn't mean to happen
or it's not I think they're on course to
get them all on tag and everything but
some people I've ever seen other people
you know get there LTS shirt so which
came out the same day they ordered on
the same day but you they don't have
there yet it's the difference of if you
ordered in the first five minutes
compared to if you ordered in the last
five minutes of having shirts that's
like the gap between one day in five
days so just to understand that there's
a big process going on behind this guys
and my family's working really hard like
stressing like crazy
they had no weekend because you had to
process all the orders and stuff and
they're working like champions to get it
good done so if you guys do understand
that I really appreciate it you are the
MVPs and all I want to say is
yes we my our butter is nearly not dead
yeah thank you for all the support thank
you for being epic we will be restocking
these shirts under the navy blue because
you guys know these ones are always
going to be available like for the rest
of time but the LTS build ones they are
a limited edition
mm and I'm going to show you the navy
one right now there's the neighbor one
look at that bar by absolutely sexy it's
got the blue one I got the neighbor one
there their design so guys just right
back up and let you know about that
everything is looking sexually awesome
you know finally tired in my room yeah
the bed's completely filling but we've
finally tied it on my office and stuff
looking good just got this little hump
in to put my shit and I'm gonna say
goodbye right now just in case the the
video dies off or anything but oceania
need something whoops well guys thank
you very much for all the support I am
you have no idea how crazy is just to
get all the support of you guys with a
clothing line because like I said you
know I want to make it like a like a
house or brawn thing make it so you guys
can grow up the rest of your lives and
see syndicate original clothing
everywhere and you guys know that where
it started from like how how it all
progressed and all that and hopefully
want to get back to the UK and really
others are coming with my camera and
film my mom and my sister just on my
neighbor Alice doing you know just
random shit like around the house that's
not round house around the office
because I think we're getting it office
up very soon because you know so many
orders and just like need to step up
things and we've got a temporary worker
and shit like so once once we step up
our a-game we're getting on to my office
once we step up the a-game and I'll be
able to share with you guys and Cara
like you know do a bit of Wabun story of
how it all goes I'm currently watching
hutch and watching hutch play some what
is it some destiny so that's about that
guys so thank you very much for watching
hope you understand this is a bag with a
green screen in it and stuff and wait a
minute wait there's a guy died in
episode 3 so yeah this is a yeah this is
a bag with all the year just got a big
like 20-foot green screen to go in here
with like professional light and stuff
so hopefully for my live streams from
now on I might be able have a green
screen which could be epic so well show
that goes think you've been awesome love
you guys faces stay absolutely bus mode
and yeah I think I'm gonna record some
sins today so see how that goes and yeah
I'm gonna go and tell that guy dad in
episode 3 one more time so much love you
guys faces and adios
