you know what after seven months you
think I had something to show for it
like something pristine just an epic and
manly but no after seven months this is
this is the bid yeah Oh forth that I've
grown yeah seven months later guys and
this is where I stand with an unreal
little bit trimmed bid which I'm not
even gonna try and say oh yeah you know
I've trimmed it in half no this is what
it looks like when a guy who cannot grow
a beard attempts to grow a beard and it
looks like someone's pba pubes onto his
chin yeah hey guys how's it going my
name's syndicate and welcome to a bit of
a video where I'm just gonna like say hi
to you guys and let you guys know where
I've been now probably not go off-topic
a million times and I've taken what
eight attempts of doing this video
seriously so I'm gonna keep the show
went to Greece went there had great time
at Lodi you guys it was absolutely
awesome recorded a shitload of content
got about 13 hours worth of footage and
came back never edit it edit it from my
main channel because it's a load of
stuff and I'd like I'll get around to
doing it you know that's what I'm like
with content I'm like yeah it's getting
on to do it and then I'd never do it and
then like we are two months later and
it's still not doing it but I'm here I'm
enjoying being in the UK as you guys
know I'm not been in the United States
for a long time I just travel out there
because I can just like have fun and
being as soon and stuff like that
because the job allows me to like make
videos on here go out to America and
just have fun that sort stuff so I'm
back in you cakes I've been focusing on
my house that has been the biggest thing
at the moment over the past two months
I've been like getting up going up to
the site like talking with my dad
planning stuff like going around we're
gonna like tiles just stuff like that
furniture all that like tomorrow I'm
going looking at tile at tiling and like
for and all that sort of shenanigans for
a house and the stuff that you need and
it's stressful now if I'm going to
stress my dad's getting even more stress
because he's the project manager and
he's been doing the tire thing so props
to my dad for that is doing a really
good job but guys it's at a point now
where it looks absolutely epic
it is literally a month away from being
finished maybe a month in a few days but
it's a month away from being finished my
kitchens benefited the surface like the
granite surface of quartz even surface
for it's gonna come but the pools being
worked on loads of stuff is happening
and I know you guys want an update of it
now I said I was gonna do like a video
every other month when like changes were
happening but because the builders have
been like working non-stop and non-stop
and non-stop you know I didn't want to
interrupt soon like we've walked around
the camera but let's not other men
excuse I did actually film a video about
three weeks ago
vlogging if you guys had shown it but I
recorded it with my iPhone camera so I
was like looking at it that perspective
like you know just like a normal vlog
and I didn't like how I did it and he
kind of didn't give you a feel for like
the rooms and how it's all gonna be in
stuff so I'm gonna redo it again
hopefully sometime this week or next
week I'm gonna do it the GoPro headset
on you know again I'll give you a proper
tour of it and show you like how its
change and like the staircase is in the
switch glasses in like the stuff that
I've been talking about for all these
months like it's nearly been two years
since I got the house actually a year
and a half now and since I got the house
and we knocked it down and built a new
one and it's been all that time and all
these you know decisions are made on
this in the house on this is gonna be in
the house you're now gonna finally get a
feel for what it is we've been talking
about all this time which is crazy so I
hope you guys can like just hold on
until I get that video out here and
hopefully you'll enjoy it when it's out
because it's at stage now where you're
gonna see the house and be like wow you
can get a real feel for it and then it's
gonna make a huge change from being this
stage 20s paid decorating this furniture
in there so it's probably that's
probably gonna be the next two videos
that do this one were staged it's that
and then one in like two minutes time
something like that and you know I said
I'm gonna do it in two months but again
probably gonna be six so yeah that's
what I've been up to and I just was like
you guys know that I am Alive okay and I
am still intending to vlog on this
channel and stuff I've just been a bit
busy in real life you know without
friends family just enjoying kind of
chilling out because if you do know the
Minecraft series that I had with optic
just recorded lone survivors that was
our pre-recorded we could recorded that
about four months ago
age need you to go because we want to be
able to make really awesome content
that's fun and exciting for you guys and
like have it there and then make sure
it's everyday a video is posted so you
guys can you know enjoy it and just have
fun with it now I know people like
saying I'll do this in series you should
build this I should do that and get
interacted with it but these are series
that we want to just like create and be
like ok here you go this is this is
what's going on and this is how the
series is gonna play out sort of thing
and it's really good because YouTube's
cray it gives you time off and stuff
because otherwise you're making videos
like day to day to day today and it can
get a little bit stressful you don't
have a lot of free time with it but
doing this system like allows you to
chill out have great content view
and everything's awesome so we're doing
that and I've got really good plans for
the next series that I'm going to do I
do intend on doing the next series with
optic as well if people have suggestions
of something that they really want to
see me do not the micro project cuz that
is over
Episode four hundreds coming out soon if
not this weekend actually so that's
obviously the weekend of the ninth if
that makes sense so is that like
tomorrow I could probably it out
tomorrow and forget it all edit it up
and stuff and so that should be really
cool episode 400 of that and like what
else yeah the new series that I'm gonna
be doing the optic is really really cool
like we're actually creating a whole
custom map and custom game mode for it
which once it's done you guys to be able
to play with your friends which I think
he's gonna be absolutely amazing and
really really fun cuz mean me not sick
either like a call for two hours we came
up with this idea and we like right
there's the concept of it and then I got
another call with the boy you know blame
decora community MC who actually is like
you know the owner as well as me and
pixel Panda other multi coop are
minecraft server and and we just sat
down for another two I was like four
hours to all conversations and we just
like right this is what I want and he
was like we can do that within a week so
hopefully within a week's time I might
be starting this new series and if we do
this right we could record this in parts
and then let you guys like input in on
it and share it and see how things go
but I think it's best to get it all
recorded but anyway yeah just you know
been busy and I've gotta get back on
that video grind now because I haven't
got any concept made I was able to take
like three weeks off and focus on the
house the girlfriend and family and I've
really enjoyed that time off if you guys
haven't seen and I've actually got my
granddad staying with me at the house
right now which is absolutely fucking
awesome and he's phenomenally hilarious
I absolutely love this guy too bit
he always says I'm taking the piss out
of him but in a funny way he knows I'm
not I'm just having fun with him and it
is great to be around he's a really
funny guy so hopefully I'm thinking of
sitting down doing like a Q&A with him
for my main channel and just try and get
some funny reactions out of them and see
how things go cuz he's hilarious he's
like my dad but like 10 times funnier
he's great and so it's really nice
having like all three generations me my
dad and his dad so it's really nice to
have like this bonding time because I've
always seen my granddad disgruntled Mike
five times in my life and so now beam
out to seeing my everyday the past week
and a half has been incredible so it's
really nice
and hopefully I'll save around for much
longer as well makes it sound like he's
gonna die as well then it is LK is in
good health now anyway he wasn't a week
ago but he's good now and so yeah that's
pretty much what's been going on I was
gonna try and make this like a fun rival
video but I start and just keep it like
this and just let you guys know if you
really want to know how things have been
going and that's how things have been
going and you know the updates will come
with a house hopefully if I've got time
tomorrow to run around it with a GoPro
and film it then I'll put it on my main
channel cuz you know it's something main
and important that I wanna share on
there and the other stuff that's gone on
my life I've really put on here and
sometimes I do wish I would have kept
all the videos that are on here on my
main channel well I think it is nice a
separate site separate sometimes because
people who watch gave me videos real
live videos all the time so I totally
understand that but yeah I hope you guys
have been doing well hopefully the Bey
it'll start growing Sood
I am tempted to shave it and cut it up
and see how that goes but we'll just
it's a waste of time I'm trying so hard
and the next thing is simcha original
clothes and a lot of people been asking
about that if you did buy a gold-digger
shirt by the way and you're from the US
please get in contact with us we've got
some information that we need to talk to
you about and you can just go on the
website and go on contact us and it's
really helpful if you could do that and
we've got that but then we've got the
the hoodies coming out we've got limited
edition hoodies coming out you know
normal clothes are coming back in stock
and we've actually got I'm just stuck
them on the wall damn it I've actually
got some stickers coming out like all
that you know the designs you see on the
shirts would print them out as stickers
that would be available to purchase on
the site as well so that should be
absolutely awesome and then it will have
some updates so the Sims got original
brand being at gaming events which
should be absolutely awesome so if
you're going to like insomnia the next
one whenever that is we should be going
to that so fingers crossed all plans go
ahead and we'll see you guys there and
you'll be able to pick up a syndicate
share that because this is actually gold
digger one and there's only 300 leads in
the world drop that bomb on you so if
you did get one of these then Congrats I
still need to if we do it again we need
to put in a limitation like a hashtag
people can not tell anyone else about it
and so people could submit in a picture
of them wearing you know the t-shirt and
we could put it as a video and try and
see if we get full of every single
person wearing you know one two three
hundreds through I'll sign and stuff i
which was epic yeah so hopefully get
some more vlogs like this done and you
guys still haven't seen an in a video my
new bye
got any motorbike which I want to share
with you guys which would be awesome I'd
like to do a you know put GoPro in it
and go riding around on a bit for some
music and just do some sobriety but okay
I'd have to go on a really good ride
I'll be going really fast for it to be
fun content to watch this I'm just doing
30 miles per hour on the road it's not
exactly the most exciting thing that
will is it now and but yeah I've rambled
on enough now and there'll be more
footage coming out and more shenanigans
if my life being talked about and stuff
like that and there's one more thing I'm
gonna bring up towards the end of the
video but I know the hardcore people
we're watching til this point so if you
have leave a comment saying lobsters mmm
how tasty lobsters how taste if you do
that I'll I'll see you trust me I'll see
I want to leave I want to see if you
leave a comment and leave a like great
and say lobsters taste it if that's what
I even said there you go
lobsters that I taste a tree but don't I
said any more but alright a lot of
people been asking oh why don't we start
making videos of the girlfriend we've
been dating about five months now and
she's absolutely amazing you know like
she's super fun to be around she's got
great attitude in life you know she
knows what she wants to do and all this
like she's got a head screwed on boys
got exams coming up so she started
getting stressed out as hell with that
and so I'm giving like all the time the
space she needs for it but everything's
been going good with us you know like
I've kept her like off my like YouTube
scene of things like I know you guys
have seen in my instagrams or Twitter
and stuff like that and but I just I've
enjoyed be able to keep it private I
know I like to put all my stuff that I
do in pursue personal life on YouTube or
you know I've already done like the
whole pop like a relationship online for
people to see and engage in something
but I think now after learning from that
that I want to take this that I've got
and just keep it a bit closer to my
heart so I think and slowly all the time
maybe share it with you guys because
it's just somethings don't need sharing
publicly and some things you know I'm
happy doing but I just this is the way I
want to do it I don't want to absolutely
just go throw my my girlfriend on
YouTube be like oh make a channel like
make it were like all this I'm we're not
after that through this relationship and
I'm glad she understands that and she's
that's how she totally feels as well and
so if you guys do like ever bump into us
and see us together anything like that
then she's real cool you
and if yet we ever do make videos
together or something like that like
messing about or like some of these tags
like boyfriend does your makeup or
anything like that if we ever did any
come on down the future then hopefully
you guys are gonna be like nice to us
she's called Jess and yeah she's great
you guys would absolutely like I said
I'm keeping it off camera for now and
hope you guys respect that that's all
I'm saying so thank you very much for
those who have done so far and I
appreciate that you guys know that I did
have a relationship online and then
broke up and then it's like you see this
throughout all of our youtubers like the
breakup and then the next person this
that day
everyone's like oh we love this new
person we hate your person or we hate
your but we hate the new person we love
the old person is like I'm not after any
of that she now to get these guys I'm
sure you guys are mature enough to be
able to understand that so thank you
very much for understanding and and yeah
hope you guys are doing great
if you're a girl boy I want to leave a
comment right now if your girl I need to
be like oh it's great
I don't know why I just don't even know
I have a female audience vlogging
channel seems to have more of it female
viewers I don't even know why I just
ramble for 11 minutes for the MS this
was literally supposed to a whole minute
and doing these things but anyway much
love nipples are hairy and I don't even
know
