all right so I made it up to the top of
here where there's absolutely mad amount
of people and children unlike tours from
like school however I'm not kidding I'm
gonna try and find them but just walk
past like some American group I'm gonna
walk past this American group some kids
and syndicate and I spotted him turn
around and he looks mad on the way but
then he's green plaid to keep going so
I'm gonna try and find him you like what
behind this building somewhere like with
the class so I could try and find it but
anyway look at this I found I'm gonna
try and spot them if I can get me the
vlog that'd be amazing but he's really
like he looked about 10 days with the
teacher so imagine if I went up it was
like this guy the teacher cut the
away from my kid but look at this it's
absolutely amazing so I've made it up to
the top here like I said and then
there's this this thing this is the old
temple of Athena but look things this
look used to be the small temple on top
of it and then the people who owned it
was like you know what we can make a
bigger one I built this black bar here
it's like absolutely incredible so I'm
just gonna like watch the front I wanna
try and get logged in and me showing you
all this beautiful scenery of like how
absolutely gorgeous it is it just like
pans around the city so like if I could
get like a 360-degree panorama that
would be amazing but you know that's
just impossible but I just wanted to
show you the front of this and
everyone's like oh this guy's taking
selfies it's fun excited like summer
sound like Spanish people going Oh
selfie selfie and I was like nope
vlogging vlogging look at this this is
the front of all right and then I'll
show you the big front entrance there so
this is this section but there's their
group they're Zack they're these guys
here that's the group that spot it so if
I do go and say hello to these guys I'll
make sure I get four so no I'm not lying
but yeah I made it to the top it's now
ten past eleven so I made it in good
time in how long's this we get right an
hour for a 45 a minute at 45 so I've got
a good amount of time just be able to
show up here and just do a little bit of
a vlog and show you guys like there's
all these mountains who like where is it
where's my head oh they see how this
that statue there that thing I want to
go and see what these things they have
is one over there and then there's one
way over on the other side so what I'll
do real quick is vlog and I'll walk down
to the other side of this but I'm pretty
sure I did you say that it looks like
they're restoring this and so what
they're doing is
getting new marble and adding it on with
new old marble all the new together to
like rebuild it let's make it like you
know stand back up straight because if
the pillars fall the pieces of the
pillow just gonna be that exactly gonna
roll them maybe and so the pieces that
have fallen they just pull you back
together like a jigsaw puzzle like with
the new Marvel and they're just
rebuilding so like you see here like to
see you've got like the sandy color
marble and then you've got the white
marble it's just like the two different
pieces that they put together to rebuild
it so you can imagine if they didn't
have that map when that one it won't be
stood up so I'm going to assume we're
rebuilding the entire thing which is
absolutely incredible
oh come on they're everywhere absolutely
everywhere but I'll take your answer
from and I'll wrap this up is I want to
keep it like I do like three minutes or
something and then they're it's a huge
huge ass big building on the top of it
so and just keep like ah you know it's
based on people people get well speak
where you just talking to the camera so
it looks like I'm filming like in front
of me what an actual fact it's got a
fringe it's get it build in for an
facing camera like an absolute boss you
know like a troop see people get well as
food but like it makes no sense but I'm
gonna try and walk as far forward as I
can to catch it I'm gonna try and catch
people's reactions to the self again
look at it Yuri BAM selfie mothertrucker
this is like the coolest selfie you can
do you know what I should've done a
I brought my GoPro I haven't got my
GoPro my bike might put my GoPro on the
stick and just walk around with it on
the way down so you can actually see
exactly what it's like
Thanks so I wonder how long is actually
gonna take for them to complete it and I
don't know what I just found a there's
another building
I guess I'm not too sure what it is
hopeful there's a toilet in there there
is totally hitting out maybe it's a
restaurant in there if it's an owner but
I'll show you the other side of it they
go I'll try to keep it in shot all-time
friends off for friends and is a real
trip as well the help and if it uses to
transport up the stoop by the marble but
anyway this is the last but I'm gonna
show you before I go check out that view
could it it's absolutely incredible now
I can't tell whether in the distance
that's the see I'm not I'm not too sure
so there you go right so for the last
recap of it longer do you show you it
one last time you can see on the marble
there oh that's new marble so that
entire either rebuilt I don't know
buddy's gonna put the roof back on it or
what boy they're doing a pretty good job
so far and there you can see their
weight that one you've got a new piece
brand new whole piece of marble pretty
impressive
okay I'm gonna go now I'm gonna try and
see if I can find that dude and just be
like high-five and if I can take a
selfie with him just so you know I'm not
myself I'll see you guys later
you should drop a like rating subscribe
I'll see you guys next
