I honestly don't know if I'm doing a
vlog from a better spot than this yep
I'm sorry Jeff but if I'm gonna go down
imma get Lee's gonna go down in style
with a bit I know just drop my glasses
so guys welcome to the area of which the
temple of poseidon is just up there I've
just been up there I just did a little
bit of a video but I thought I'd do one
on this phone as well just to try and
show you the scale of what I might
actually might lean over the edge of
this with my feet dangling off but then
at the same time why not let's do it all
right so this is gonna be the video
footage of why tom cassell broke all his
bones anyway I did slip on it so there
you go
this is me with my Air Max trainers by
the way so glad I wore them sat on the
edge of this Oh could it feel like I'm
something edge of the world it's
absolutely incredible you can see
nothing apart from just that like it's
absolutely gorgeous so I'm gonna move
back here before a huge gust of wind
picks me up as throws me off the edge
but yeah I just wanted to do a vlog
saying Here I am little bit really
productive day to garnish and like I had
no idea what was gonna do it first but
then I'm just gonna seal the temples I
kind of planned and ER I did it I pretty
much seen all the ones I really want to
go and visit you know we just finished
with the temple of poseidon then we're
gonna go and see another one on the tour
that we're on but we will leave at five
so we've got like 20 minutes so I'll
just kick him back for 20 minutes in
this one they sit like it's a li s with
a bear might send a picture of it to my
dad wishing you were here so I think and
it'll definitely reply saying the
wishing he was here but yeah it's been a
it's been a great trip you know I've
really enjoyed it it's been is this one
is insanely bright by the way but I've
been wearing them sunglasses all day so
I'm gonna have like a you know the
monobrow looked like I'll be shaving a
monobrow because of the wear the
sunglasses line is but do you know what
there's graffiti everywhere even upon
the Temple of Poseidon because they
didn't like secure it one day awesome
and people went in and care of the names
in
to the marble and so people just can't
help but graffiti so I don't know it
seems to bill seems to spoil something
can just Congre in like a wall somewhere
in the middle of nowhere rather than
such an important like memory of history
that sort of thing but my god
don't you just want to go swimming in
that I hope you can get some solace I
think you can see them rocks down there
see how clear this actually is like I
really wanted like run down there now if
I could find a route if I could find a
safe route to get down there now I would
do but I'm gonna show you why there's no
safer okay so I'm gonna lean over the
edge with you climbing the Spence here
sneaking all the way down down to that
into the cave and then swim a little bit
boy got a feeling that it'd take longer
than 20 minutes and they did say like if
you're longer than 20 minutes so you
know here we're gonna drive away without
you I was like zoom reason I believe you
but right we'll just caliper do some
rock climbing a little bit but I think
this doesn't this is all pretty sure
this is all marble but I just got a
little bit I have ten eyes people
chilling out with it but this was my
blog my vlog from the Temple of Poseidon
can I make it like I'm holding it wait
do it do it do it tada
that took way looking at it you didn't
yeah guys here's me it's off of it hope
you've enjoyed it and anything I could
say to you in life is Michael do some
but do it like here don't forget like 24
hours ago
now I think well I don't possibly 24
hours ago I was like you know what I am
gonna just buy a ticket and go somewhere
and if you think you might cool yours
could you go the money to spend the
ticket was like 160 bound there and back
it was cheap I could even do that if I
was working at McDonald's that sort of
thing so I hope people don't see it as
the that sort of thing but like if you
wanted to go and do something save up
for it simple that's all I've done I
just saved up for it for you know I
could still say someone might holds
money I still say my paper armor is a
kid it all leads to whatever you want to
do whatever you want to be all right now
this is where I want to be
I would love it if you guys were here
and then you know the girlfriend was
here my family was here that'd be great
as well mr. mr. like loner over here
just like all my oh no look no one loves
me but it's been definitely nice to come
out here and just like clear my head and
just chill and hopefully I'll think of
some more fun stuff to do for the rest
of tonight because I've seen mostly the
touristy stuff I know there's loads more
to do but like I don't want to just keep
going looking at like buildings and
stuff like that I want to go and do
stuff because I was supposed to go
bungee supposed to a skydiving and the
skydiving is not available to weekend so
then the guy was like bungee jumping so
he ran got the bungee jumping place and
then they said when it opens for me I'm
like man so now it's like what could I
possibly do and I don't think the guy
who's been try to help me find a lot of
exciting stuff is like working when I
get back so you have to try and look for
some cool stuff to do I've loved it
through the jet skis for hire
I just jet ski all day that's exactly
what I do or I might even just come to
the beach tomorrow and just like swim
around a col versa more like that even
though it'd be freezing cold I might
just man up and do it and mess about
with the GoPro see if I can find a shot
if they exist in Greece I don't know but
guys I'm gonna go thank you very much
watching a lot of your spaces subscribe
leave a like rating and yeah I'll see
you guys
