ah you know what this means amazing
I made it to Greece I mean it's a pretty
successful guys and I give you bit of a
hotel to us so welcome in this is listed
my hotel this is my little dude chillin
in my is my minibar king or sending me
about what we got well we all got some
nuts oh hell no we got some y'all we got
some Heineken this bridge doesn't even
feel like it's on but hell yeah how much
is that gonna be like per drink oh five
euros 5 euros one of them small oven
aids but anyway welcome to the room guys
this is a real you know what I'm gonna
give it it's actually a really nice room
but the best thing about this is the
view that I'll show you momentarily it's
not actually amazing it's probably gonna
be better from the rooftop that's the
reason why I'm stayed at this hotel
because there's like the temple of zeus
is right outside it so that's awesome so
yeah here's my bed it is pretty freakin
massive it's not gonna lie I'm really
comfortable I don't get it all European
hotels they always put two beds together
to make one I like I don't understand
look it's clearly meters one bed I don't
know maybe it's cuz like the Greek all
Europeans just like going I don't like
you tonight and then separate in each
other I don't know but I'm going to show
you this real quick check this out I
don't know if you can see it well or
your work in the background you can see
just behind this really greatly placed
tree honestly this tree wasn't here I
would be able to see everything poor can
just see there right behind it is the
Temple of Zeus what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna try and go up there if I don't
even spoke them anymore and you try and
go up to the rooftop now because I think
there was like a rooftop bar or
something and you're trying go up there
and check out from there and see if you
can get a good video and I'm about to
record like a little vote for syndicate
central we're gonna do this exact same
thing for central you know what this
might even be the video hi guys I'm
syndicate central how are you doing I'm
in Greece yeah that happened and this is
my nice little step I look like a real
like I'm gonna sit here in game all
night because I've just got a load of
junk food that I bought the airport
never used and picked up some new locals
because I didn't know ever it's gonna be
sunny all night but then I found other
mother in Greece isn't exactly amazing
it's just like England so I've got
everything charging got all my cameras
and stuff like that hopefully it's gonna
look good so instead of wearing DC's
this time because I'm traveling I'm
wearing a little my air mattress because
yeah obviously if I'm gonna be like
walking all around
every day for two days then I wouldn't
be comfy and you know what I think I
might be going skydiving tomorrow just
throw that out there we go down and
speak to the concierge again they're
gonna like book me in to a doing on that
so yeah that happened so I mean it's
Greece I'm fine
the journey was great I met like this
awesome guy called TAS he was a fine
because I put my like time itinerary
every when I was turning up and on
Twitter like just proved I was going and
it's a little bit he was just there
waiting for me like it and I was like no
way
he was like yep I saw you tweet and I
wanted to say hello and welcome you to
grease and eyes like you're a legend and
he told me to come to his school and
stuff but I don't know if I'm gonna be
doing that except only got two days so
I'm putting my shoes back on now but I
probably got this shot as well but
anyway I have found that there is a god
damn spa thing and this is a holiday for
me so I'm gonna go and have a spa
tomorrow so I'm gonna get up at like
8:00 a.m. and then I'm gonna start the
two day eventually so guys thank you
very much watching if I do go up to the
rooftop and find a way to do something
cool I will show you a bit of vanilla I
guess it's the end of like Frank's
watching subscribe drop a like rating
for more random adventures of going to
different countries I'll see you guys
next time I just kind of want to point
somehow dead random they said breakfast
is on the seventh floor tomorrow there's
no a seven
alright so immediate walk to this
rooftop guys where I found the breakfast
bar which is the seventh floor and
there's a bar down there and it's like
these crazy hilltops over there like you
can see that there's a huge hill over
there and then if we found this which is
like this what I thought was the huge
temple that I saw in the photos and like
you know the Temple of Zeus and stuff
and it might still be but then when I
was filming like this vlog I did like
two takes a bit I basically looked to my
left and I saw this bad boy look at that
on top of his mouth and now if this
might not give you any scale for it but
there is an absolutely insane temple on
the top of that over there which I'm
gonna definitely go up tomorrow and
check it out after all before I go
skydiving or something like that so that
is definitely something I'm going saying
I don't know what the tempo is up there
I want to say that huge mountain up
there is Mount Olympus but I don't
freaking know if it is the reason why is
because I think it's dead far away and I
don't know if it's it that might be a
really big hill or a cloud but I'm
pretty sure it's that cloud and yeah
find out what this temple is find out
what that Temple is find out all about
the mythology and stuff and
possibly goats like a museum or
something like that and I'm pretty sure
there's a drunk dude sound a bunch down
there but anyway that is definitely a
wrap up and I I don't know what that
Hill is there that is actually in a
battle I look up into the distance like
there's the temple and behind it
actually looks like the Grinch's hill
there's something out but I'm sure I'll
get like a bit of a tour guide tomorrow
eh down at the front of the desk and to
try and plan me some really fun things
to do in Greece like I'm here and I want
to just do adrenalin stuff I like fun
crazy stuff rather than just like oh
this is the morphology and I'm not like
knocking it or anything because that's
definitely what I'm really interested in
but I can't want to break the mold of
doing tourist if I want to do crazy fun
stuff so tomorrow that mountain if it
decides that it like wants to not be as
blurry we would appreciate that you want
to try and focus focus
no I don't focus that's great you know
you're a great guy great camera great
just great I use
