right so we're in the basement of my
house and as you can see all the windows
are steamed up like crazy you'll have to
ignore my motorbike Aaron here's Ken
being officers it's nice and warm in
there all right so what we're about to
show you is the pool room that you guys
have seen like a million times right the
pool room we installed I told you a
reflective ceiling and it's plastic
let's get stretched out heat it up and
it looks like a massive mirror which is
insane so I'm going to take you in there
and hopefully you ever get for the video
you can see the effect so let's have a
look at say hi
that
is amazing
it looks like a complete mirror going
straight across
they may go up inside
Oh
can't even tell you can't even tell
wow that Mel's so hot Jesus so they've
got this computer
sweating it I've already gone Brian is
that up oh my god it's
incredible there's like a perfectly like
ceiling reflective surface which is just
incredible so I wait to try and show you
guys okay so in the water than there
you'll just see it reflected on the
ceiling up there i canna need you to be
over there in the pharmacy I can see two
of you otherwise it just looks like a
big 20-foot wall so it the best thing
about this is though is because the
window it makes it like it's one big
continuous window and there as well this
- forced wait yeah you see and wobble it
then can in Sadie that wise crazy it
looks like a what what about when that's
whoa what about when the waters rippling
oh this was it was this properly called
stretch stretch ceiling how cool is that
yeah what's the renamed new concept
ceiling so if you ever building a pool
use what a reflective ceiling in your
house he's the guy that's amazing oh
look so there's there's a sealer to it
this is incredible UK
nothing can prepare you for this I was I
was worried that this room was going to
look dead elope and like really tight
but now this is gone in it genuinely
feels but you could climb up through
this it's enjoying this is
mind-blowing this is like going to
Ripley's Believe It or Not come again
for that
