I don't know whose idea it was but
getting off the freaking stick said was
not a good idea and here i am also found
by wild competition the Martin going
Trevor Trevor Martin's the T Martin's
the lapping 7 foot giant from the world
of idont know is he from champagne I
know I think he's found us products
bollocks bollocks bollocks knowledge
alright so I'm in my boogie got my hand
on my GoPro on here's my rig before a
tmartn I chose this once a bonnet with
flames on it yeah I chose a vehicle with
flames on it so this has actually been
really really fuck my organizing what's
going on right now we're literally in
the middle of nowhere for ladies and
gentlemen this has been one hell of an
experience bogie is quite fun I did cut
my finger it's not too but I was just
using an excuse for the show but there's
a guy riding around in a good bike up
there because this is all about open
lands for you to do whatever you want on
this lot of courses I don't have to rent
and other just placed out here for this
company to drive around on but like man
this was so cool if I'd my cuz you know
I've got my xj6 motorbike which crashed
into I've also got my other little like
cross a bike which is at the road and
off-road bike I put some off-road like
some tires on it and just rally round on
here oh sure this kind you should come
over the dude oh that's so sick Oh is
probably kick back that is what I'd be
doing all day every day when I wasn't
making videos otherwise shoot me yeah
that is the live chat where this guys
doing kicking back I'm shakings I'm like
stopping okay I'm just kicking back
enjoying life and seeing what's going
down oh forget we got camera guy setting
up my cameras rolling a little bit of a
blog a little bit of a blogad Yves
Logghe welcome your flattery sound is
different because I've got a
double battery oh you have you know that
was a thing well I don't know I'm by
when i get home yeah gives you twice the
battery yeah there's definitely
something to me because what I want to
get that is because when I got to
phantom mountain biking you record for
quite a lot of time so that'd be awesome
to saw the art but anyway it's like
loads of crazy jets cool crazy Jack's
going over like some of them look like
fighter jets obviously my probably
patrol in areas I'll you know test
flight so ever but then there's other
ones that are just like it look crazy
big they look like surveillance drones
almost and they probably are born yeah I
kind of wanna get closer to the airport
and see what kind of their course it got
there so we'll see we'll see overall the
funk brother got a knife in your hand
Nessa this guy's gonna shank me shrink
the shit out of you oh well okay till
next time so Trevor just left his phone
down for like a few seconds so I fix you
up and I disabled it for one minute and
then I returned and disabled it for 45
minutes you're so mad right now too
Trevor sure why you have to be so much
its own again it's only gay
