well I thought this might be good time
to do a vlog scene as though I'm walking
around in the basement of the house and
everyone's been saying what are you
gonna do it update we do and here's a
bit of update right now notice it
doesn't like brick walls it's actually
all been plastered and it's ready to get
painted tomorrow so which you'd be
really cool there's no Florida yeah but
there's no necessary reason for that and
there you can as you can see like this
is the the basement that we're currently
in but yeah but from a bath of grease
and really good time was awesome dissing
jet-skiing chilling out got a nice so
the tile look at all beastly awesome
with tandem feeling good about myself
but then I somehow managed to go into a
hot country for a week and come back
with a cold so I've got sniffily called
and then the next thing after that is my
internet in the house doesn't work for
doesn't work so I'm supposed to trigger
a at Clark's or look like I've got like
four hours to kill until I can get that
fixed but that doesn't get fixed I have
no idea what I'm gonna do got one idea
and that was to bring my computer and
the screen up here to my house kids got
nothing in it I just like run an
internet connection from the comms room
in here and just do like a proper
temporary setup to try and live through
my night but yeah anything getting
worked on right now which is looking
awesome bathroom this isn't finished
this so this brick wall and all that
used to be kind of like what was over
here so it's a little bit different
though if we go into the pool no it's
not the pool I don't have the key for it
no what do we show you guys so let us
know little dude please notice ooh bad
up key for that shit so yeah I'm just
showing you guys this because tomorrow
it's gonna get painted so hopefully if I
do a vlog on some day you guys are be
able to see the change and we had a
really good time in Greece I read
through the comments of a last video
with Steve it ever was like oh my god
well if you quit YouTube you used to be
good good God
you used to be good and do it daily and
stuff like that but you've abandoned us
I'd like to know where to catch the
video where I said I'm extremely busy
and I'm gonna be traveling for a week I
was just like scratch scratch scratch
guys please understand when I'm like
guys I'm going here okay
something and I know that everyone sees
every single video so I was like it's
okay but you know you always got the
people like you've changed
you have changed clothes since the last
time I saw your video every time someone
says you changed um like yeah I changed
clothes look at her wear the same ones
the entire time now but yeah just been
setting up things in here
everything's going good so tomorrow we
should be groovy baby or party hard like
a rock star so I'm looking forward to it
it should be awesome so yeah hopefully
if Tony is as good as the papacy six
years call out Tony this should all be
white every single room in here should
be what I've your wall sorry should be
white the ceiling should be white Nima
Pat was my back this man you were my
backup
this marked with my back though I just
I've literally just let so it out it was
then we just I just wanna just escort
you up to my back door you'll see how
nice to Surrey is hope they lock myself
up so I might piss after you get off my
house as I'm gonna be saying goodbyes
people piss off and then you'll be like
no let me see myself at on that oh no
you can't see it's very glass bitches
will have a kickin bitches out of the
house we want to invite the bitches into
the house and bye bitch bitches I made
female dogs or I've cut why would I mean
anything else it just be rude so yeah
hopefully tomorrow just one God that oh
it will be good but you're this really
good already because like this is my own
space I can obsess person oh my god I'm
like I could do whatever I want whatever
I want and I'm so lowly but I don't care
everyone's like are you not gonna get
like insanely loaded house and you want
to like problem away well I'll deal with
it I'm not gonna get all depressed and
like my life is over I can't
I'm not gonna ever see a person again in
my life like what did see some I'll go
see my friends or invite them around you
guys look fucking social tools and
people like I'm really worried that
you're going to be lonely I'm like why
and trouble me people do awesome things
be awesome bottles of shit and if I get
bored I get bored but that's like saying
I'm gonna go live
really small house and then get sick of
being in a small house because it's
small imagine that I just instead of I
ever thought I'm so lonely I'm just like
I'm just gonna quarantine myself to this
room this one see the other room which
is actually a really good idea I might
live in this room and then rent the rest
of the house out for 12 pesos a week
yeah that's a great market dude so yeah
we got a little bit stuff to work on
we're gonna try Keys open one but this
is where the secret bookcase is going to
hide this cinema mr. cinema is it oh by
the way if you like snapchat and you
like nevers love joke if there's no
nipples no exclusive nipples to be seen
around here then add me on snapchat
my name's it's syndicate i TS s ym di CA
te it's it again my i'll be wondered
about the fucking these tentacles just
like them
a white several fucking thousand but now
I'm gonna go which love maybe tomorrow
which we have a look inside
yeah it's like what's beyond the door
this is where I'm gonna be like cyclases
games room something that gaming I'll
see a fucking hard won't I like this
that creepy I'll be like dad we're
knocking down the house but yeah I be on
snapchat we'll go and share some awesome
stories and if you want to see the
secret stuff at the house where I showed
off the cool
the upstairs shit attic ins love that
you'll be able to see it in due time so
let's go upstairs where we are going to
look at this stairs on stairs
looks like a weird Mirage that stands in
stairs my kind of feels actually feels
so nice to be in my own house and do
whatever I want when this is done I'm
gonna be like dick dick dick bitches
dildos anything I want to shout loud
noises
bottom right that is actually my bathtub
oh I'll shock it what's that ah sorry I
got overly excited just a little bit
just wine can you tell by these are not
the actual light switches which one
works I think they've got like Eddie's
going on the most don't have them yet
and then here's my bathroom here
sniffing Oh swanky and swaggy as will be
what do it and there's a bowl
do you even Bowl bro look in size of it
just one
Cornetto give it to be a really good
mood boom bowl but fuck you know I mean
wait three no then wait a year and a
half for it I got this
a year and three cars ago and you guys
are there for the adventure we getting
knocked down and stuff I still got the
footage of it getting up down I said
something old phone back to lead nose on
this one I just shared with you guys
sometime I find it but so a lot of
people like my is enough finish en shit
and I'm like just one nut oil outside
listen we've been building it for a year
and a half and we owned it for a year
ago so we're on schedule
we said two hours and it will be next to
you and then what was going over it so
black where are all the benches the dog
food is it and I will go into go into
one of the bedrooms
hmmm hey mate what are you doing today
okay day look that day WIC mr. David
Judy duck Dalek JD sorry and that's both
words up what's here does out I got to
sleep in this one it's a bed it's a bend
in this one I've got such David what
stop shrooms done finished finished we
going this one hello it's like to swoop
swoop all right does it work I think it
does
it works sweet and then lick it works
all the small things guys when you see
things come along you go did I turn you
off or not stop dripping goddamn toilet
I mean shower but then it was think that
we kind of needed to change so looks
like someone took my shoe off god dammit
how could someone take a shit this is
the cool thing to this bed I like the TV
on the wall and they were like no
there's a doll and I was like sweet
there's a TV in the bed so cool things
by the way that was dirt cheap when
people think I show you things at my ass
everybody know I'm showing you because
I'm fucking violence things dirty but I
like listen if you buy a bed by the way
this bed problem cost about thousand
pounds you mad like that is really
expensive and it is but in bed turns I
got mattress the kept the bed itself a
frame add the TV the TV's worth about
six hundred quid so I pay 400 quitter
the bed great deal what's that I've got
flows back on look at me like I'm just
making my bed away you're upside down
just put that cover back onto the dust
as I get to it and I'll be able to see
all the sheep fake head butt was good
why turn my line something else when up
when the house is done I'll have an app
on my phone so if I walk out the house
and I leave all the lights and I'm like
come on run switch off I'll just go off
all and I'll do it
and this my office matter fucking why
yes silly my office remember like why'd
you put your office upstairs Bob it's
the perfect sized room that's why I'm
gonna be I think I'm gonna be facing
that way I was going to face the outside
like that you know face the fresh light
a nice view like Manchester but then
it's all no because I want white in my
face lot so if I do it that way
but then I'll just put blinds away
because I don't get why on my screen
some type of hard to do I just don't
know what to do with myself so this is
this one then just guys come you'll
never be people of you cattle show you
much of the angles with fucking iPhone
camera camera unless I throw it outside
like so why training that's been choking
on today someone's not then water in my
room little rink I'm going to find them
several pounds
well pretty so it's for some reason I
like they says now I just gotta do one
more thing
let's do this what if we glued it back
glass war glass little bitches flash
little bitches going to flip bitches
bitches bitches I was going to see my
ball sack from here but buddy my mum and
dad come round for Christmas and I'm
just like swags right well and the below
me and they're just like right we gave
birth to that dirt
oh by the way you know we're talking
about no internet I've got low this now
whilst I'm here and then connect to it
my 3G when I get home and try and make
it live because that's how I do things
so last minute how everything is last
minute no wait you can see my bathroom
in my bedroom
come on I'll take you
this is where I go in my bathroom do you
like I like certain rooms are finished
and then it's like big majority that
isn't Tyler Mehra this work fuck this
book Oh what
since I read it oh my god inception ah
anyway
sounds like he's definitely on crack
he's taken way too much crack for one
day crack okay and then this is it's my
new favorite thing I have already shown
us some snapchat I can't ruin my
snapchat gives a fuck oh just God Oh
give it to me look at what backwards
really no oh wait there's a banister
made of glass
you know what none of this it's possible
without you guys and that's why I want
to be able to share with you guys and I
don't you think I'm taking the wrong way
because I know you
the hardcore fans appreciate that I'm
sharing my life and I'm like boom there
it is I could easily not show this
honest to God I could just keep it all
super private books on the funds and
viewers got me to where I am I want to
share the journey with you I don't hope
you guys understand that because I love
jaar we're just gonna say I'd appreciate
the view such a lack of bitches this is
disappointing good
so yeah that's got a Juliet balcony by
the way if you're wondering why is there
a fucking piece of glass there by the
way yes we had to put a sticker with a
cross on it just in case some spots
walks in my room like oh this is great
time I'm in your have your fucking out
no house builders can walk into and
through the glass through the locking
unless they turn it is that pushing it
watch swag yeah spread swift swift wet
got somebody kept sets the key to this
house as well it's not even funny but
I'm going to go and tune out because I
need a mantle who were wait I'm good so
many fucking up
that's fresh air mmm-ma chair many well
I guess what ah
how fucking bum back look it'd be like
it could be like hello there sir why are
you ringing just say your glasses broke
I'm like I pressed it like 7000 times
it's broke
I don't know what don't go I did wrong
and it's gone it now says bathroom
looking nice
okay sure well someone got excited in
this room and it's everywhere
that's look pretty good wait how did
football turn oh I chose this tile
that's why nice interior design skills
of a fucking boxer and there's been no
stairs I look oh there's a fucking times
outside my house
what the fuck god damn cast No
well sorry I keep my I keep throwing
nipples on this vlog my brother rang me
so I have to ring it back there's no
fireplace what a random spot for a
fireplace spot so when you walk down
there you see fine fire on it but just
some doors
that's cute gotwood gotwood hello that's
my kitchen I feel like I'm gonna fall
for this vault listen because it's three
stories n't you ready listen Oh feel
like I'm going to go through it and kind
of I over fat people day one I've like
5,000 fat people welcome and that's like
no no just one towards at all give it
over by the way these are gonna have an
an edge to them everyone's like what
happens if you fall you basically break
your legs
I should throw that out there and then
is where my fridge is gonna go but ever
got one yet and I'm going to this piece
of wood and we're going to turn on the
top because the top works yeah oh shit
the top and what keeps asking and the
last one what was this this is a special
tap so you have to wait that worked
now this special tap so that pumps out
that look the nozzle on it it puts out
like insanely hot water so if you want a
coffee
it's already pretty bad what like going
all the time to turn it on it will just
be like make a cup of tea straight away
and then here's the best one we're going
to end the vlog on this
guess what it is that's what it is yes
I'll tell you it's a bear pole it's a
bait you know you're on a pulp see the
bear machines already go you want a beer
there comes out magic and there's no
sound public ago next I need Pooh and
Billy five o'clock really need to
prioritize my life I need to gone
fucking it start out the internet
otherwise and we stood a with my pants
down entire day goodness no I did not
fall on a pile of cocaine it was like
he's got a call this different cocaine
has to be cocaine it's not trust me she
was called being ill how'd you get ill
from being in a sunny country for a week
they have got me Bo live with random
fact if you're not scared are worried
about this Ebola shit that weird disease
that's going on like the bubonic plague
you should be fucking frightened
that shit's going to send us back to the
stone Age's people not taking it
seriously people that oh just a disease
might you ever play that that game when
your kill everyone with the disease
wherever could play city or somewhere
shits realistic and scare it all right
I'm going nipple for the road I'm doing
I've got to go downstairs and I bought
this video so I'm gonna jump down here
three two one two
