it's never going to work I can never get
it to work but I'm gonna try and do it
today cuz hey guys isn't here and I'm
here in the United States of America in
the streaming room as you may see this
this is clearly not my usual cell
there's a lot of goddamn sponsorship
stuff in the background which has
nothing to do with me but when I'm here
to talk to you guys about today is
nothing I start up I like drop-lid doing
a little video on my vlogging channel
which is probably supposed to be filmed
on my phone
walking around and just casually doing
shit but instead I'm taking the other
kickback approach oh maybe I should just
do this wow that's gonna break I swear
to god this chair can actually go all
the way back like this this is did a why
people decide to want a game like this
book took a built this chair there's a
screw missing out of it so little bit
not the best idea to do so there you go
and it comes back it's got cushion look
at it so comfortable but anyway I need
to talk about minecraft no I'm not I'm
here to talk about everything I'm in the
States
I got interrogated I me do a full video
of that on my main channel probably like
a vlog because like can i this is this
is this is more like a professional vlog
and I prefer doing these are kind of
like it I don't never prefer it but it
lets me have one stable point of vision
there can look to a rather than having
to make sure you can always see me in
the shot and stuff like that because
half the time my vlogs you're looking at
the ground are my chin and we all know I
don't quite have the most fabulous chain
you ever seen in your life it's a fact
it's a factual fact of life but that's
another thing to talk about but we'll
leave that to another day but I'm here
I'm in the States
I did actually get go through an hour
and a half of security lines got to the
desk got there the guy was super
aggressive with me I could tell he was
in a pissed-off mood this Chinese man
was like you say you throw Asian people
at walls I've heard you in your videos
you're going down by no he didn't say
that but it was really pissed off at me
and he made me go in security room and I
got interrogated and they were like why
you here why were you here so many times
last year why are you doing this what
are you doing what is your point and I
was like building a house in UK I'm no
intentional living in the rest in the
States the rest of my life or trying to
be like an immigrant here or anything
like that I literally just Quinn on
holiday chilling out and that's it and
then they were like okay okay so like
how much you worth what's your bank
balance who's your girlfriend who'd you
know in the United States of America all
this sort of information how long they
know the people for like
whose machinima who are all these
different companies that I mentioned and
then he just went okay okay anyone and
he went so you go by the name syndicate
and I went yeah now I wasn't wearing my
own shirt when he said that boy that
been weird but I went he went
so you're by the name syndicate and I
went yeah that's right anyone yeah I
watch you're a battlefield 4 videos and
I was like hey what yeah and this guy
ended up watch him about filfo videos he
was like yeah I did I love and watch a
live stream and I was like holy shit
that was crazy but and then and then
after he said that he went yeah you're
gonna be fine by the way and I was like
thought I was getting kicked out the
country's and a lot but yeah literatures
got there and then there's this guy next
to me who had a warrant out for his
arrest he came over to me these police
officers with guns like they all have
guns but it came over to me with guns
and they were holding a passport and
looking at me from a distance then they
walked over to me and I was like
breaking it and they went eh you Rambo
and I went rambucks no I'm Tom that must
be Rambo because he like looking at me
there was two guys two of us sat next to
each or any some reason he came over to
me even though we had his passport he
still came and asked me like I was just
not like me anyway but anyway he came
over and asked me if I was Rambo I said
no said it was I asked that guy he was
called brown well we said yes and it
turns out yeah dummer or weren't for his
arrest
yep the police arrested him that was a
pretty pretty mad imagine just came over
and handcuffed me they took me away and
this guy's like wait a minute run god
I'm like bark everything so yeah that
was a pretty crazy and there was like
loads of immigrants
I say immigrants I don't know ever
that's right but it looked like people
who were trapped by illegal immigrants
cuz they were like coming up with
bullshit stories like I'm going to study
honestly and then like what just
studying back where you're from they're
like yes what he stood in a light one
minute they were like mathematics and
the next minute it's like oh I'm a
doctor back with my own country and they
clearly couldn't speak English properly
that interpreters and stuff it was just
awful
yeah they are they actually got rejected
someone writing for me got rejected from
entering the country and got like this
big red stamp and I was like damn that
was intense but I'm back I mean the men
back back in the u.s. I'm gonna be here
for a month just churn out I've joined
the gym I'm gonna be swimming which is
going to be awesome I went swimming
yesterday and today has been my break
today I'm gonna go back swimming
tomorrow hopefully my watch arrives in
times I vaulted this like swimming watch
which can tell me how much chef's swamp
and what I'm going to do is I'm going to
based off like all these different
techniques that Dukes I used to be like
a si professional swimmer but like I
wasn't as a competitor to a swimmer
like so I know all the training
techniques everything like that I'm just
going to pace myself and just like teach
myself back into doing it and get fit
and healthy and Christmas stamina I was
going to get a taxi every day to the gym
to swim then I was like where's walk
it's literally a ten-minute walk from
here and then I get exercise from doing
that as well but it does actually burn
up my cars like crazy which you're like
this thin and so that's probably not a
good idea but yeah because they're not
just knocking me for swimming but it's
extra exercising it warms up my muscles
so I'm just going to do that I did like
20 strokes of ten-word just breaststroke
abs only with my legs holding like
imagine my phone was like a boy or a
float just holding them together without
kicking my legs so I did 10 months of
that and then I did ten months of legs
on one holding a floor like that and
that's not all ideas and loads of
strokes otherwise like a mixture of
freestyle front crawl backstroke and
butterfly I did it all I ABS down from
front crawl the same thing I was only
doing three strokes backstroke
breaststroke and from crawl I don't like
fly flies for flamingos don't like it
not a fan I started doing fine then I
realized that was really strange asan
your upper body and I was like a I was a
breaststroker so like do I thing to do
that my muscles weren't too strong
they're on my back so I was like you get
tired real easy anyway yeah I'm here and
I'm making videos and I have a new
series coming out or you guys are stoked
on it no you don't cares yeah I've got
the new series which will be coming out
soon as to when I honestly don't know I
don't know when we're going to launch
you because we've got some recording to
do until it's ready and then when it's
ready I'm gonna start loading it but you
guys there show some support if you're
stoked for the videos that come in with
optic yeah you better be excited because
you already know you haven't seen the
T's that go on the main channel and
watch it but everything would be cool I
feel kind of bad that my dad's not good
at because when I do a long vlog like
this nothing too exciting happens so I
feel kind of bad that my dad's not gonna
walk you know like happy slapped me
across that remember that in school
happy slapping it was like a haha
slapping you friends across the face and
it was like happy slap that was it haha
you got happy slapped it was like really
really you thought that was funny
stuffing me around a face supposed to be
your friend your friend not a no I've
clearly got bullied dinner I'm joking I
never got never got happy snap I swear
to God but yeah
add no point of this video I just really
wanted to put video on the channel and
just to tell you guys I'm okay that I
love you and it's been an emotional
journey I'm so random I'm so sorry but
yeah I think it's good Griswald hasn't
bit me yet he's a little bit of shit he
keeps running around he's you know he's
not too bad not too bad and but you know
what he's in alright dawg I think he's
changed
took her took him back home to wherever
he's from and when he took him back and
he was surrounded by loads of people and
I think that's kind of like normalized
him around more people now and
especially now I'm not always in my room
screaming and shout in my office
in my bedroom whilst I'm making videos
I'm down here in the streaming room I've
kind of like took it over to show you
there you go it was a great great tour
of how to get over and have s at the
webcam and that indeed is the juggernaut
from x-men that I bought why because I
don't collect toys but I just thought it
was a badass thing to buy because I'm
not even kidding you what's that this is
a weapon this is supposed to be my room
so if anyone breaks in listen to this
it's it's literally super fucking heavy
oh no dinner dip shit not joking and
this could not command out it's solid
it's like flat my muscles well said by
no whatever so yeah what folks get in
swimming again I'm gonna be like dude
all upper body and legs and keeping it
like balance that's why I love swimming
the best because you can do it all at
once rather than like havin to just do
lifting or just doing like really like
that I like biking or whatever like I
can do it all at once some night really
stoked for so it's gonna be good go do
your stretches and you shit and it's
gonna be awesome yeah I'm gonna go now
so guys hope you've enjoyed this
rambling piece of crap I will do more
like I usually do and there is actually
stats on the semen I'll surely see go
glove like stars what a wimp jokes he's
a normal person look how good the light
in his in here I've got this got this
light here I just that is bouncing light
off the wall which is then hitting my
face science bitch well
