well it's about time we have this
discussion ladies and gentlemen my name
is Tom or also known as syndicate and if
you want to see more of my random face
not with gameplay but as me as a person
in here took her in the background then
make sure to subscribe to this channel
because it's a syndicate central where I
belong and posted eight parts of my life
and if I film throughout the day I just
combine all my clips and show you what
shit I got up to that's about that so I
was going to talk to you guys about
today meanwhile about GTA go to the
background I'm gonna look up a large
Thing Thing I have got something to show
you guys that I'm kind of find awesome
now check this bad boy out this is a
piece of artwork that I found on my
tumblr now I say on my tumblr my tumblr
is gonna be the first link in the
description down here right and it's Tom
- sit syndicate tumblr.com I think
that's how you find it so there you go
now what I'm trying to say is if you use
tumblr and you earn artists and you want
to make my not fun acts your huge fan of
mine and all that sort of stuff then use
the hashtag my knight to me to be able
to find the awesomeness okay it's really
difficult when everyone's like here it
is and then I'll lose it on Twitter
because it disappeared down the line of
videos and tweets and everything like
that she's gone forever
now what to start using my tumblr to
reblog all your guys still see you off
some comments anything like that and if
you guys may like gifs
it's called GF not gift if you guys make
gifs and stuff I want to be able to find
it so for example if you are going to
make a my my night phone art then by all
means tag me in it all one word hashtag
Tom Syndicate they've got and also put
hash tag minor but if you're gonna make
something really get something related
related that's the word that's what I
was about before really it just to me
then I want you guys use the hashtag Tom
cynical because for example I'm gonna go
to - but like I had to know what I'm
doing
I have apparently 1400 viewers and on
tumblr ah speaking of you as we hey 118
thousand views to down stream
I'll ask him every day twitch.tv folks
are syndicate on Twitch yeah that makes
sense
and if you guys want to watch comin tune
in every day
enjoy it now I don't know how you follow
tags off on photo tags but if you do the
tag hash tag tongue syndicate I'm gonna
make sure I've got the hash tag in there
ones that ready you ready you ready hash
no you didn't you didn't hash but one
sec I'm gonna punch a small child there
you go ready look so there it says slash
or hash Tom syndicate right you tagged
that and we search for it it'll pop up
with all these things you're any wait
for it it pasta pop up for all these so
these are all the posts will get related
to me and stuff like that so if you make
one all right
then make it so I can see it and then
have a look at one that I just found
that maybe laughs and why I'm talking
about juice is because I love juice if
you guys find me doing something random
I'm thinking it's worth a chef and I
want you guys to turn into Jeff because
know it doesn't work when full screen
but I'm have to show you guys down here
like and small there's me dancing when I
was on the stream like some epic tunes
but like if you guys ever see me doing
stuff like that then by all means
zip it and I think it's awesome because
I can use it in the future for myself
for being like or even today like so I'm
in such a good mood this is what I was
like okay which time actually is the
booty in over there over there and that
means it's super hot by all means you
guys go for it but I when you guys start
using my tumble moon because I don't
really know what I'm doing with it and I
need your guy's help
I was gonna be that could someone give
me a tutorial it's gonna reach out to
what's he called mind's gone blank so
I'm really tied Tyler Oakley I'm gonna
recheck tell our can be like will you
help me learn how to tumblr because I
don't know how to tumble the tumblers
okay so yes if you guys could teach me
how to tumble I will tumble your tumbles
stumble blur there you go I see now I
know what I'm doing so I think for me to
share things and acknowledge I've found
what you've made and I have to reblog it
and hopefully it doesn't piss people if
if I'm reblog shit 24/7 but that's what
I'm gonna do anyway so if you guys want
to share me stuff then by all means use
the tag hashtag Tom Syndicate and if
it's my night related use the hash tag
my net okay I hope phyllodes about your
awesome stuff and until then I will be
going touching lots of nothing so ronery
but in a second note if you're doing the
tumblr thing and you want to find
something awesome
I'm gonna put my tumblr link at the top
and then my second link is actually
gonna be a link to an awesome video
where I did a day in the life of
syndicate on set or I basically went and
filmed whilst I'm a film set filming
stuff is eks so go check it out click
that link I'll smell your faces later
because someone's buzzing at my door on
gta-like
how disrespectful you shit until then
I'll see you guys next time I love UI
spaces and yes
