this thing doesn't usually work anyway
and if it tempted Li does that it'll be
out of sync so hello and welcome your
faces to silicates central where this is
not what I usually do on here usually do
like the logging and stuff like that but
today I'm back and I've got a bit of a
flu and I just posted the Minecraft
Project that's reasonably is going to
sort 3:41 and I kind of work to do a
little bit of vlog today just on this
channel and just do a little bit of
talking as' and not really about
everything and just tell you guys where
I've been one of it up to and I've been
chilling the bus like seven days I know
there's been a lack of videos on here
for quite a while but that's just
because when I'm back in the UK not a
lot of exciting stuff really happens
I usually just kick back and chilling
out with family and stuff like that so
there's never like some crazy like trip
or exchanges going on or anything like
that and usually just in my room playing
video games or going out with my friends
like nothing insane happens but when I
go back out to the stage usually a lot
of crazy stuff happens it makes the cool
videos now I should really get my ass
together and like go and do crazy stuff
like going skiing I did actually go and
shoot in a shotgun which I'm tempted to
pull up today by the way with a GoPro
which I had this way I went and got the
GoPro hero3 plus because I was recording
it with the the three so now I've got
three plus which shoots better quality
you can totally tell the difference
between the two actually can you see a
single difference between them is it may
be that the lenses that it is all you
can see I don't know but anyway I went
shooting a shotgun and it was really fun
and I got it recorded and I didn't
mention that in vlog saying I was going
to post it up I did it the first year
but there wasn't a lot of shooting stuff
so I was a bit disappointed with it so
hopefully this Sunday I might be able to
go again and go shooting which will just
be great it'll be absolutely great and
then hopefully things will just work out
kind of awesome so that that's my plan
to go shooting go the GoPro and have
like one facing me and I want facing
down the barrel and I don't know if we
were able to take some explosive plates
that'd be pretty cool like if you could
shoot man it just goes bleh that'd be
great
awesome like dragon breath rounds that'd
be pretty cool if you don't know dragon
breath rounds down you didn't play call
of duty black ops zombies and upgraded
the Olympia you won't have a clue what
we're on about if you want chef Beatrice
you might you know you might just be
smart no one is I'll google it but
anyway I'm hoping to go and do that and
Sunday maybe I'm saying that now I have
no intention on puns to what to do that
I've never even
although arrests if I can go and do it
it's just be the thing I've just decided
this second I think that'd be cool
I've just been chilling with family over
Christmas at a really good Christmas had
a great new year and it was great being
with friends and family and I know a lot
of people were like where are the videos
you stopped making videos and I know a
lot of people got really upset about
that wasn't doing daily minecraft and
the Garry's Mod starts and GTA stops and
I could have kept going and kept
recording it but I just really wanted to
chill and be with family and not have to
stress about making a video and getting
out because with YouTube it you know
like you take it full time and then it
becomes like this thing of like you have
to make a video full-time you know like
when you say it's your job and that's
why I always say it's like still a hobby
for me but it is my job like it's not my
main focus of what I do as a career sort
of thing so it just become a job but I
don't know it's becoming thing what I
have to have to do something extra feel
like I'm forced to like and I'm sure
that's what you guys understand about me
is like I do it because I like to do it
and if I'm not in the mood to do it then
I'll learn how to draw a zebra and
that's like what I do and I love this
show it's my favorite I think this is
the favorite shirt I've got how to draw
a zebra look watch how to draw a zebra
and then the end result is this look at
that it's the best one my sister got me
and then she got me one that was like
how to how to build how to build a
snowman yeah that's how my sister
sister's mind works so yeah I've just
been I've been in a really good time
when I'm watching the walls what life of
walter mitty the secret life of walter
mitty which was amazing film really good
like i won't watch that last night and
bump did some fans at cinemas which is
crazy and yeah she's been on it's been a
good it's been a good break I think is
it YouTube you need like a breaking out
again you couldn't make like a million
videos in one day and then go and take
like a month off and no one would notice
but like when you do face cameras so far
everyone could tell like if I like did a
month to have videos in a day and the
bed was this big and I come back a month
later I'm a beard and that the entire
month my beard doesn't change and I'm
gonna make a new video and I've got like
a bid this big never be like you did
something different but I'm sure people
don't really care because contents
content whenever it was recorded people
don't really seem to my eyes just like
if it's entertaining they're entertained
faces are entertained there you go
and but yeah I'm I am for the cold like
I said so I did try making a video today
and I was just kind of a bit any jelly
energy drained didn't get much sleep
last night either so that that helps
don't it and like for me if I don't get
like eight hours sleep I'm like the
moodiest person in the world I'm like
don't even bother
but that woke me up after I'd like
and a half hours sleepers I right Tom
let's go out and I was like exit now but
yeah I managed to get him out the room I
fell asleep another like four hours for
yeah went over that eight hour barrier
that was pretty cool yeah hopefully and
when I go back out the states I'm going
back out in the seventh and I'll get
some more Garry's Mod recorded and stuff
like that with the gang and a lot of
people ask me this was something that I
was reading through the comments of
people saying like they seem to think I
act really differently as a person and
when I'm doing videos with like say you
know scene on a sack and that children
are them guys
it's not really the case it's just a lot
of people are used to me being just this
solo single player so you have to
commentate the entire time if you talk
in yourself and like some people like
are you talk a bit too much more or you
talk more than the others in the video
and it's just the case of I'm used to
doing all my videos by myself like I
used to be known as syndicate the number
one solo UK game and that was that was
my thing like solo I did it all on my
own and didn't do videos with everyone
else not because I don't like everyone
else it was just a case of that's that's
what I did and and then I can start
doing more so I'm used to like being the
way I am so when people like oh fuck
this guy talks too much it's like oh
alright I'm just used to talking and
that's what I do you know my on my side
of YouTube that's why I do I talk and if
you go like 30 seconds without talking
in your own video then the video gets
boring but if you're talking if top 30
seconds straight in someone else's video
then you parently talk too much I just
want people to understand that way I'm
not acting differently still the same
person I'm not trying like fit in with
anything or like dice like a you just a
different person around other people who
like change the Menem of a conversation
something like that there you go it's
just a little thing for those who are
asking and try try thinking oh yeah I
did like I feel like I'm do the
microphone yeah but I did a dude
unboxing I don't know I'm boxing um
reaiiy didn't read ink
all the fan mail that I got over the
past like month which was crazy and I am
thinking of open appeal box by the way
like I still got some more letters that
I've got open here to thought I finished
I came and sat down yesterday bad cough
I came and sat down 80s I was at Ratan
do get Michael project done gonna play
some GTA and record I'm gonna get back
on the swing things thing's gonna be
awesome
and then all zoom like I just sat down
and was like Wayman I've got letters
like scattered everywhere I put them all
together and I try and read them all at
once and then I sat down and I read like
all these letters and it took me like
two hours
to read these letters and I was tweeting
all the people and if you don't have a
Twitter by the way you need to get a
Twitter the whole point of why I tell
people to get a Twitter is because if
you ever send me a letter or I bump into
you in person or something like that I
can tag you and say like hey I just met
your thanks no you're an awesome person
or I took a photo together and I could
tweet at you like yeah I remember this
guy is awesome you know it's kind of
like an identity for me to be able to
associate myself and like being there
with you so I could say who it was it's
like I was there with a guy with brown
afro and a ginger mustache yeah you know
so I said you let me say like I was with
good it is exha buddy and then
everyone's like ah this is person it's
real he didn't just make up that he was
with a guy with a brown afro and a
ginger much - yeah
and on this on the talk of mustaches the
beard is I don't know I don't know how
it's going I'm kind of worried as to why
what I look without it anymore now it
speaks like it's become part of my body
like man my body is ready and what you
have my dad bought me a shaver for
Christmas I don't know if you guys saw
the tweet tweet all the time of course
but my dad bought me a shaver for
Christmas and I was just like oh really
you want me to shave do you I see how is
and yeah it's just been a really fun fun
experience over the Christmas and mean
we family and stuff I so that's what I'm
doing so hope you guys understand that I
have been busy with that and I am going
to be back making videos I don't stress
myself out because like I know I was
like do the manga project every day
but I want people to expect it at 6 p.m.
but if it's not actually out as
experiment people to be like I hope
you'll do the worst person in the world
and then in walks Ken hello oh okay it's
so nice you're so nut don't take it back
so I'm just I'm dressing you up so yes
is that yes it should kick you know yeah
walk away so they brought me some cake
he got me good
so yeah there you go that's my family
but look at him photos coming in to beat
me Andy brought me cake you might have
laced it with poison but and yeah oh and
always put cream on it as well no well
that's a waste of cake ready oh you guys
say you have just been really enjoying
viewing a family and oh yeah I'm going
to go and do a vlog tomorrow I'm going
back around my house a lot of people and
ask you know for an update on the house
the house is doing really well you know
it's on schedule and stuff like that a
lot people don't see it for a while and
when you see
you gonna become a bit like Tom you
missed out a big chunk of Shawn is the
progression of your house and I need to
start title in the house like hashtag
like the build or something like that
and so I can go back up through them in
the future and just see that the
progression when I'm older I'm living in
there and yeah my things are just crazy
and I just wanna thank you guys for all
the support like reading for the letters
was just some of the most amazing things
I've read like people saying like how
you've managed to affect the lives of
just making videos and having fun and
I'm like balls I don't know what to do I
don't know what to say like I literally
talk and have fun and I love I've been
really loving streaming and when I do a
video now that isn't streaming with like
a live audience I kind of doesn't feel
right it doesn't feel natural I feel
like I'm forced in a video out was if
I'm live-streaming it's like all natural
and I love it so and yeah like
definitely with Twitter for 2014 I'm
gonna do a lot more multiplayer stuff a
lot more live-streaming and you know
things should be pretty good so guys I
want to thank you for watching before
Ken comes in and roundhouse kicked me in
the face after all of that so we're not
so sent me a letter is it one of these
someone actually sent me a letter and on
the back of a letter it said Ken do not
open and it was like a Tong phase and
then my dad tweeted the person because
they left the name on the letter so I
opened it and gave him my dad the
Twitter and he tweeted them like haha I
didn't open it but there you go so yeah
guys I hope everything's been good for
you thanks for watching I'm gonna try
and end this now and hopefully it works
it's going to take from its processes in
1080p hmm so yeah by the way on the
story of the mustache I'm gonna keep
growing it I've decided I was supposed
to I was supposed to shave it off on the
first poor people don't want me to shave
it off apparently and abettor little
comments no like fucking sure thing but
yeah let me know what you been up to in
the comments I'm gonna read through for
a bit and see what you all been doing
I'm gonna try and eat this cake and see
if I die I die then that was a bit then
man my dad poisoned me like literally
poisoned me but as always I love your
faces thanks watching and good bye
