right well I guess it's time for me to
do one of these vlogs things which I
like doing on this channel and yes
that's a Christmas tree families put
Christmas trees up together Christmas
time because it's a family experience
and I wasn't invited
nope I had no involvement in building
the tree nobody loves me okay I
understand this now thanks family I
appreciate this but guys I'm here today
to tell you about zombie killer squad
and all the new updates now if you don't
have long be killer squad stop right now
whilst you're watching this video if
you're watching this on your mobile
phone it's perfect go down in the
description there'll be a link to
download it on Android which people are
asking for a lot so it's available on
Android on certain devices and it's also
available on iOS now you can get it from
the Amazon App Store as well but I think
we're just sticking to Google Play Store
now and so I'll link to the script to
download it go and download it you'll
get the latest version which will have
these current updates I'm about to tell
you about
okay so zombies feel kill squad came out
it had a little loaded cool stuff with
it right new game 1.1 came out a few
weeks ago which came with a zombie score
multiplayer kill a certain amount of
zombies you get a two times multiplayer
killing more amount a zombies get three
times multiplier of your score and get
another amount of kills of zombies and
you get you four times multiplayer now
four times multiplier you know imagine
how far you can go getting all your
points is on the kill squad you get it's
like doing four times to work in just
the same amount of time so it's
massively important to kill zombies
that's the whole point is not be killer
squad to kill zombies what
differentiates it from different games
okay so you got the multiplayer squad
alright a multiplayer whatever the score
might play there you go alright and then
we also dropped med pack so if you die
when you run a run instead of you die
and it's like okay I died that's it game
over you use a med pack and you can run
get knocked down use a med pack and get
back up but if you do down you zombie
multiplayer reset so you got kill a
zombies again get to get back up to the
score multiplier of four times which is
the highest one you need to kill a lot
of zombies but once you kill zombies you
know you'll pick up a more along the way
you should be pretty cool if you're
usually around wisely you're pretty set
like the game is extremely balanced
amazingly well and it plays really fun
okay so you can use these med packs
which one lock with bones bones drops as
well which is like the in-game currency
because you know like the game was for
free so if you want to purchase like a
lot more stuff or like you don't want to
raise all the coins to say like unlock
me or Adam see Nana's as a character you
don't wanna look like a certain gun by
getting all the points where you lose
you can purchase bones which is like the
in-game currency so it's like
you know not in NP gets you a bunch of
bones oh sorry 69 pence in the UK and 99
cents in the US it gets you like a bunch
of bones that you can use the bones to
unlock certain things where if you want
to buy a crapload of ammo crapload of
mounts of the characters or whatever
that's the currency of the game so bones
okay so you got the med pack and you've
got the med pack that can keep you
running now how other games work is the
further you get the more med packs you
have to use so like say if you run a
certain distance it's like okay you made
it so far you now need to use five
revive med kits or whatever to get going
but this one is simple you use one med
pack each time down so if you're down
med pack go down again one med pack it's
just like that's what's really really
cool so that was one point one that
dropped and it's really cool like we're
not you know we got everything working
and things are perfect we've also got a
guy now cuz a lot of people like what
does this mean what's this thing I'm
picking up like what does it do if you
go in it click shop you go across you
can see the thing you can purchase for
coins you can see your things your
purchase with bones and then there's the
question mark it's close to quick click
the question mark that will tell you
everything you need to know about the
game like how everything is and by the
way the game is really simple I've seen
people play it and say the struggling
you flick up like to play the game you
swipe left swipe right to move you flick
up to jump and you flick down to barrel
roll under things and you press the
screen like you tap to shoot now talk
about shooting one point two just drop
this up this morning okay now one point
two is awesome it dropped with new
weapons so one point two what that
allows you to do now is get three new
weapons now I don't know like the names
off I have with a pretty cool book with
the new weapons you have got the sniper
rifle which if you have played zombie
kill squad if a zombies running toward
you at a certain distance and you have
this three lanes is like one two and
three if you're in the lane where you
can see as on see a zombie and if he's
dead far away if you normally shot in
with a standard gun that your character
starts with which is the starting
shotgun your bullet will not reach him
unless you're close enough okay so
you've got a time it right when you
shoot if you have the sniper and you
seem you can shoot and kill him all the
way as to where it is so you can unlock
that which is about two hundred thousand
coins I don't I think it might be twenty
thousand coins or like a few bones to
unlock you know it so it's like you can
even put the grind in to unlock it
unlock and lock and lock it straight
away with bones so use the the sniper
rifle to shoot dead far away you can
take him out really quick and this is
where you can be like really careful
because that lets you be really careful
and like to take care of them if they
are in charge so you can look ahead and
be on the ball straight away then you
can
use the triple shotgun which is my going
the triple shotgun which if you fire the
triple shotgun what that does is to help
you get your zombie multiplayer up dead
fast what you do is you'll press that
and that kills every lane so if there's
a zombie in front of you there to your
left and to your right it doesn't go
infinite distance but it just go quite
far you can shoot a shotgun it'll take
the gal to left the gang middle and the
guy on the right so you take all three
lanes out of zombies and you can spam it
so if you get to the area where it's the
three by three grid of zombies where you
know you get certain points where you
plug playing if you fire that three
times you'll take out every single
zombie in that lineup so it's like epic
then the really cool weapon which is
 amazing is the crossbow now what
the crossbow does it's gonna happen but
it looks like a crossbow what that does
is it shoots any triple shots
zombies so if you're really long and you
have three zombies in front of you you
can shoot like that if you're cookin if
you could swipe your left shoot then
three and swipe all the way across that
shoot them through so it takes out three
zombies in a row so instead of you
panicking like bang bang you can use one
bullet to kill three zombies it's
amazing and it helps you get the zombie
multiplier a lot lot quicker and it's
just really really awesome so if you
haven't tried it guys going download it
all the links will be in the description
to go and download zombie killer squad
like if you haven't done so already it's
absolutely free whites put a game up
there for free for you guys to enjoy and
that's what we've done so if you want to
go get it go and download zombie killer
squad alright it's awesome it's
a free game I'm a character in it that
you can unlock Weaver cost you like
certain amount of coins or you can buy
also like the bones I also but I think
we're available like you can download me
for like 69 P if you don't want it you
know it's just it's just like a way to
help fund the game or like if you
haven't if you haven't like played games
before it's like you can either pay for
a game which we were going to charge it
was like 9 P for the game then people
got it bought we work people to just
have a game that they could play and
then if they felt the game was good
enough which you know people might like
then they might spend the currency only
being like you know what I'm gonna lock
Tom 69p it gave us a game for free there
you go I'm gonna go download it so if
you downloaded me screenshot you've
downloaded me and I'll retweet it I'll
be on Twitter now make sure you tweet
using the hashtag z KS and i'll be sure
to tweet out screenshots let me know
what your high score is if you do unlock
one of the new guns tweet at me all you
have to do I don't know how you do it on
Android but to screenshot you press your
top button on your phone and your home
button hi phone your extreme and it
takes a screenshot do that and take a
screenshot if you like you want all
three weapons because I've got
me a lot I did all off guard him yet I
unlocked me and locked all the three
guns and I'm going to go for a new high
school tonight using the zombie
multiplayer and there is a new update to
the level you actually run for a
carnival section now which is crazy I
didn't even know this was coming
the developers like we got the cool idea
so the developer developer started this
cannibal section where you run through
and you get zombie clowns yeah pretty
scary some people hate clowns
running towards you and they run toward
you but they run on top of like you know
balls that you'd see in the circus so
they run toward you so rather than
trucks coming at you are over drops this
obstacles coming at you you actually get
zombies as clowns on top of these like
balls which are like absolutely crazy so
it's a lot of fun and it's an insane
update so if you haven't downloaded it
guys go and get it it's free
it's fun and try and beat my high school
my high school is actually about 200 and
I think it was 17,000 some like that but
because I deleted oh no I did delete
yeah I did leave delete on my old phone
but because this is a new phone you know
it's a new high score and stuff like
that so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to go into play it now I could try
and beat 200,000 high-score and see how
far I get and yeah if nobody else um so
be sure to download it tweet me your
high score using hashtags eks and tweet
at me at Pro Syndicate download the game
below for free and I guess I'll see you
guys later
adios
