all right so I guess Tom doesn't have
spiky hair which is obvious because
they've got the heart I know I have the
weirdest of the word is tear that when
it's not spiked office about but guys I
am going to stream now i'm announcing is
on my second channel to decide i like to
do a vlog and oh yeah the reason why I
want to do fault I got me talk to my way
I got my xbox one and a current Senate
bought I realized the biggest floor up
here is that I actually have an American
plug cuz it's an American xbox one so i
can you imagine right now because I even
rushed want to get battlefield 4 and a
rush to go and get called you Yost and
can't use it yep I did it made that
mistake made that mistake book yes I am
streaming click link in description
follow me on twitch if you haven't done
so already then this video is basically
10 you do so follow me I'm going to
stream the micro project I've got up
here now I'm getting ready to play I'm
actually just waiting cuz one of the
mines he's all my god the mine quarry's
about to blow up I have just noticed it
and I'm gonna pause my game right now
because you're going to hear a huge
explosion and me cry so guys you want to
see mr. even see this corded from a blog
click description follow me on twitch
it's twitch top TV folks last indica and
yeah I'll scream probably minecraft
project for about maybe an hour or two
like that so we'll see how I do and I
guess I'll see you guys there thanks
watching and good
