and welcome to the sound of me breathing
last night oh my god I sounded like
Daffy yeah I'm not exactly proud of this
moment but I tell you what my mouth was
dry as ghandi's flipflop and I couldn't
breathe ribbon Ellis I was breathing
like I saw that so yep Christmas is over
Mokes and day begins now face down
what a beautiful beautiful Boxing Day in
England seems like the perfect day to
just kick back relax and chill with
friends and family what's quite quite
sauce boss boss board this is a bad show
now can I ask something
whoa eggs and smoked salmon and they've
got eggs and bacon on a baguette oh why
you eat my Christmas present I'll let
you off I thought I was doing a toast
she's put a nice pot on it I look at
this sushi I cannot believe what I've
just witnessed
are you nicking Debbie's buffet what's
up Oh what do you need off on this
quiche don't you touch the palm rum you
can go
Audrey's mom you can take off the camera
I'm warning you now you crash Lydia's
car and there'll be hell to pay
I'm telling you what he drives into that
post in fuck seconds month I should
start a timer here as to how long this
is actually gonna take him to set off I
told him where the gears to kids but I
got a feeling he's not gonna know oh
right he's got he's got it started good
on him good on him right now he's what
kid political zoom in he's having a good
old rummage is having a look he's
looking where the handbrake is he's
wondering what he's got to do it's God
trying to side out to move it still not
moved it oh he's a bit of a lean forward
look at the hands
handbrake yeah he didn't have a clue I'm
waiting for a phone call any minute
being the I up always only got it done
it he's only gone and done it
alright well done alright well done
don't stall it not too sure how he'd
start back in two days
what's your name well not only have you
brought the SEC he she doesn't even need
that were left in a car and bank guard
me mum snapped it nakai return the keys
are maybe two oh my god you're cold
right love you won't see you again oh
Allah I see you news even look I am in
the face of child
hello oh hey safe love you got to be
good look like mom mom Mike no this is
just for the record right I don't know
what it is but everyone thinks Alex
hates Lydia like everyone really thinks
that they hate each other the answers
they really do I've never got along ever
since we went to school together it
makes me sad that people think you don't
don't a least I always earn like go dead
quiet and mean when our van when he
walks in Sydney would be actually
beating his wife Alice if you don't
approve of Lydia I'll never do it so
this is why these kids channels have so
many views watch this she's on her iPad
right and she's like she's watching us
might watch this one looks its natural
cartoon in it
oh is it what shoes dude just that look
she'll watch like two seconds of it and
then just click the next video but then
it just plays hard okay just for the
distraction the child which they'll just
play video after video after video after
watching like maybe two seconds of is
watch no she's just change the video
there's a next one I could add or play
or something
but an addled play she's not even
watching the ad
she won't even watch the video she won't
even watch the video she's making that
channel light YouTube money and then
she'll just click neck look next one
that's how they have so many views those
videos those kid channels have like 50
billion views yeah if you just keeps
playing my videos and I get 50
millimeters of the grade do you see my
vlogs film like this no Debbie so why
would you film like this
Debbie you've gone tell them your mum's
let me down by the way this is Carl's
brother like this is Ghazwan look you
see the similarity I wish them all the
bunk beds yeah follow ginger and Gore
any supposed to good football team right
yeah
fine Chester good night
listen get up now and give your brother
a loving hug well I just put me
what are you doing who is it everybody
to cool air nights a little batty
tickles ha ha that wasn't even made
reason 7576 sy Lydia is the best
girlfriend ever show that sure the
wrapping paper she's doing European
player that's why she's the best
hey I love you I'll see you minute look
after yourself
see you soon Godspeed good luck ask a
scrape your good will by the back end oh
you're fine did your ball poker Hey
it's even more dangerous going out so
tell me without leaving the carrier
we'll find out in the morning
keys no no no are you ready to see it
Mike are you ready yeah
all right data time oh my days
look at it Oh sick is the hop Tim when I
took it it's not not like the best big
if you ever seen your life
how sick is that gift so goddamn sick
yeah oh my god I love them
I've never felt more loved while these
cats ever it's so good just not got a
poop on my stuff I'm fine we got an a
sinner yes okay Oh bubbly bubbly global
me beer I've lived at my house for like
three years bought I was in this village
for 24 years 24 right there's always
this one intersection is where you
either go that way and right or that way
and left to see which way is quicker
even Google Maps doesn't know so walking
speed that we were just doing I walk
that way you've got right at the end of
Street yeah I want you to go down there
take a ride we're gonna finally find out
walking speed which was quicker yeah
good no running no running cuz I
genuinely want to know yeah we walk we
just been walking the same speed right
min right time - yeah no I trust you I
trust you I'm gonna fucking room all
right I'm crossing the road no way oh
this is close no rushing normal speed is
it identical is this actually identical
no way
look at that yeah so all that all those
years
oh yeah if you want you to be wrong with
me after all those years it's like
exactly the same tears whoa ever in the
vod's like yeah Jake was theory if you
need to need answers we have them yeah
myth-busting Geist yeah thanks for the
beer and food Hey till next time
anything's I got film in there
are you saying so just for the record my
dad's dad hasn't father passed away but
my mum's dad is still alive which is my
grandad you're seeing the vlogs and long
the old my dad knows how close me and my
family are to my granddad because my
granddad be my mum's dad I'm friends if
not spoke to each other like years just
just don't get on my dad has I adopted
him into like a family even though they
divorced years ago and all that sort of
stuff all that drama my mum's dad my
granddad comes to all our family events
now like everything he's been looking
look how smartly dressed he is see
really buried up okay so tension I love
you makes me so happy but how nice is
that
like my dad are Gail doesn't after in a
slice like I mean let him into the house
have any conversation with him or
anything
he could just be like done with him I
don't not my daughter anything like that
book my dad I respect that he's isn't
still is whoa mince pie miss boy there
you go Alice I think the pin down excuse
is bullshit and you actually try to trim
them and you put time I will I know some
of your work going
I browse do two other face she shave
yours off so it'll fit
Alvin iris I'm so happy to see you again
ha he's what you go and a selection
Kenneth thank you very much
what's this joke is that yesterday
really oh I thought it took Jana you
all right yeah well you say hey the
buffet is not open Toni Onley no get
down and stop it oh sorry little favor
oh oh come on six different variations
of baby done
he's not set it yeah Vaughn's quiche
sausage rolls paper plates he'll be self
pickles
we've got Oh someone's like we've seen
that what's tonight
nice ladies and gentlemen the buffet is
now open
Jordan's stumbling Oh tell you what that
this corn and cheese thing is very
unique it's like sweet but then savory
what you think we're just putting bread
into a bowl of cheese okay I just made
up the greatest thing ever oh it smells
amazing
no Gail go
don't hey because it is runny Charles I
just for the record the games this games
pretty simple they have to vote who's
most likely to do something and then
Kyle if he thinks it's himself he pulls
up the blue if you think's it's always
that he pulls up the pink so you have to
vote yeah you have to match all right go
well you guys are so great stuff yeah we
all do we all do the other circuit
Miguel well that was you who's the most
eccentric
ecology instable genic yeah you clearly
after that last gun he tells Moses no
she's already voted she don't that
classes that class is shoddy going yeah
carded is that it and the survey says
you only got six out of 12 yeah they did
it one single 1000 then is the most wait
alright it is time for dad versus kale
go that was easy
okay oh it came who is the most outgoing
okay okay okay they said he says
wheatgrass is wrapped around his neck
okay he says with size 58 phone in his
mobile phone oh that's a difficult one
you both do quick good food he tells the
most jokes are funny stories
yeah who is the most creative who has
the neatest handwriting so you get ties
the most quickly you get tired easiest
who is the most reliable wow I'm not
easy no and that's where suppose
reliable yeah your pink gums with here
is the noisiest those Christmas tree
like the chicken Yahoo complains the
most
he feels the heat
like what keeps it down your thing you
takes the most care over ITAT who's blue
by the way that's blue marks pink okay
Oh
easy question that one I just you can't
be that whatever
oh really
okay don't want to the tree don't free
tree
come on also can we answer is who gets
the most Christmas presents who is most
interested in history and who is
and the survey says what did you get
wrong no you got that wrong
ambitious I'm here we depend if you go
ah well done oh boy I chose this one
special for you guys is the most likely
to embarrass themselves who gets the
most sleep do you like shopping the most
shopping who is the most likely to call
in sick without a genuine reason I've
even money at the one day a year when he
has to go to do his job
who likes chips the most here gets the
most mail mail you guys to those male no
male who is in the best mood first thing
in the morning no no no no the pros
urselves has the biggest ego okay is
most likely to raise their voice in an
argument is the fittest is the most shy
who is the most shy pink I think your
pink no blue who is the most dynamic
violence's who is the most own tidy here
look best in high heels
you just said you were so sentimental
who buys the most if pinky what a boy
here is the most religious as a recent
light sauce has a recent times he's the
most fashion conscious the easiest to
offend oh yeah all around the rivers
like the Churchill dogs oh yeah he read
the motor absent-minded wait what I mean
it means like your mind like easily to
show you even destruction helps my delts
with you mind up soon
like wait you are late change of the
answers what basically the questions you
got wrong were who is the most
sentimental who's like was wrong who is
most likely to put weight on and who is
the biggest show of people obviously are
you responsible for the 9000 throws of
my phone you sure so are any of the
photos of you by any chance
I don't know oh yeah that's easy
how'd you know Tony that's how you know
Tony Palmer - gun that's cows mom by the
way and she's got a dad
what was that reaction we just kick your
butt listening to happy music please to
adjust Sutton nibbling celery and me
granddad got the biggest smile he's
faking it seems like is this that what
Christmas is all about
like donate donate hey sorry we're clean
hey Dad what we're playing hey God oh my
god what are we playing snap we put a
giant Romi yeah baby won't play original
calm deals come in - yeah
come on plane YZ plane no dad I didn't
say describe what you see in front of
you as you no no no no no I didn't say
describe what you see in front of you as
a loser
I said describe is the moment that VIP I
wanna say hot or drunk at the same time
have been hot a drunken add red swell in
there that's one there I don't feel
anywhere I've never been this red before
you could imagine how much in there's
room last time tub had a delayed
reaction what was dad's instinct maybe
five swimming what's my reaction this
time go home and watch Harry Potter
which I really want to do so no allergic
reaction please issue another repetition
of the oh you got stuck in the head by a
V no you're not you're broken unde
should we not do the repetition of being
soon baby Tom starts swelling dad asta
Gettys Golf GTI raced down the pavements
to get into a spell Kerry I'm walking
going just for the record when I got
stung by a wasp right dad was like no
first it was Tom struck out of going
swimming but then when I was sure that I
wasn't really reacted I dad got his car
through me and it drove me through red
lights on the pavement and
to the doctors and then when we got to
the doctor's you when my son's I'm
allergy reaction and the guy just under
the moon beyond the desk went okay take
a seat took a seat I'm never I can't
breathe my dead little didn't you pick
me up put me in front of woman's face
and it's like no not the time for this
and she was like yeah come stretch it
about me push I didn't know oh no wait
I've got one question I told you to walk
go long no wait I've got one question
for Dad what's the wrong film we watched
an iceberg it was chicken run leave me
alone carry on I reach dived 1 2 + 2 P
4-1 that free quickness
occurs when a tingling anyway so that's
girls girls learn one song these entire
fucking blob no offense to the singer
and the original creator but I don't
fucking care for this song anymore big
shock man's definitely not hot cuz he's
wearing Canadian goose model skis much
love goodbye allergic reactions a solid
man's dead
amongst 19 months not dead yo shout outs
ma man's clearly allergic reaction the
guy but if he I don't die between
getting my grand alone which seems to be
priority fucking one compared to man
being too hot and he's a Canadian Geese
jacket and me dying the one warning I
could give them is if my breathing goes
heavy like my throat closing up when I
was a kid that last breath I want so
it's a vlog my last breath so people
like now don't do that that's weird I
would breathe my last breath today go
words if you fall before the vlogs
I've got a good Christmas yeah yeah
grandad as this being your best
Christmas ever
oh that's not the best to nine eggs as
it's been a pretty good Christmas though
did you win a pontoon oh sorry did you
win at gym roomie how many times
throughout three right
yeah I'm pretty sure you achieve
throughout the entire granddad were you
cheating no I'm telling you you HEA know
you hope these guards he went even I
don't cheat no just a record he went you
went what's it cheap but it showed me so
is that cheeky bugger
oh sorry you just said I didn't gain
anything from it alright then my name's
Tom Carl just because you've got a very
nice toe off someone who bought you it
for Christmas does it mean you can walk
around the entire time saying I'm cool
when I've got grandad already wearing
just a very thin jacket arms nearly gone
we've almost made it you're by the way
you do know this six people walk you
home tonight you know rather like used
to Blom on your own sick people
excuse me sir but we can't let you in
unless you see your ID I already knew
that my venom over I had all the bees
back like that hey we love you God and
we do look at this like it took this it
took this many eskimos look at live unit
to escort garden home this is like fire
fire Gardens why we should she go to be
quiet here not Tanya Raina but yet to
see feel rain tomorrow test all
okay good - I love your in my granddad -
right now I'm fucking - is that my
friend when was the last time you were
in this house no more wait no more sway
yes more than 12 years right it's been
more than 20 years and you've been in
this house easy
sorry no come back down and I'll tell
you just hold it right and leave it come
gum gum gum gum gum gum gum my friend
come dum-dum gum gum gum gum gum gum or
nailed it nailed it sliced high-five
ever
I'm coming gum gum gum gum gum gum gum
gum gum gum gum
oh don't swim I've come wait by the way
run net just make sure are you going to
bed straightaway no what you doing cuz I
will not no joke the fact that you fell
down them steps I'm making sure you got
them stairs instead you get it doesn't
even need this it gets on it for fun
that's not even installed but this is
for the Internet you can say whatever
you want it's Christmas so I wish you a
Merry everyone have you got any advice
wife advice keep going are you going
inside a game pissed are you going to
get pissed liar
well you're going watching that channel
for naked show aren't you yeah you are
we can see the smile on your face it's
going look at Oh some nudity
hey top ball has to go on but I'm ball
us to go on in the back he goes my
friend my friend your ride in the snow
how old are you now you 19 right just
for record I need to give my vlog some
context my mum used to be a check no
yeah right my mum used to be a child
minder so my mom and date mom and dad
were together even when she's died she
was looking after kids like child minder
from whatever age I grew up knowing all
these kids you wait one second wait I'm
going to wait no no no no you may you
may know this lovely lady from that one
vlog where she told in getting a hot tub
on but more importantly this is this is
Archie who I've known since you were
playing boys your old homie obeys eight
months old so my mum walked after you
since you were a months older now look
at Ollie's and how old you now I'm 19
2008 19 and then this is Sadie who I've
I know I know
my mum's raised since she was born
how is it that I know this many people
so it's your birthday today but your
turn technically today Christmas Eve
happy birthday tall guy in really small
girl happy birthday to you I did not pay
you to say this yes like every sponsored
is beep if you're not sponsored is he is
the best person legends Samoan over this
thing up and he came to one thing or not
but it turns out yes this is the gam
amused to look after so we want to do
the outro you've got you the whole thing
perfect all right guys you're going to
syndicated you'll for celebration calm
come get some wise I used to wear
glasses so I can say that be quick
summit Karen annalisa working make sure
you leave a like rating don't make sure
you meet Alan Carey knowledge work hard
otherwise and makes you like the video
make sure you subscribe wasn't lying
young the notification bell right
subscribe
Jesus Christ be sure I just out for the
video on this guy still follow my man
Jack moment right the Rose woman record
I went 2000 primary school in my
promised cool Justin there's this girl
in my class called Sarah Barlow her
brother was called John twat Bower so
this is maybe your whole white yeah say
the words popped out but I've known him
a long time it's not a running thing
this is the same test mean car did to go
from there to here
no seriously down that road and left
walk up here bump into us
I swear cuz mean kinda the same thing we
know are me walking honestly casual walk
don't run let's see no very much like a
description I think the one thing people
always forget in life is how many people
they know I had the opportunity to be
raised by a dad who was a builder that
means is as a kid run away on the sites
with him or anything like that I met the
people who are on the house is their
families our that's our stuff I met the
people who were the bricklayers the
plumbers electricians of the trade so
that's already like that amount of
people that I've met from just knowing
my dad going on a job mean the person
who owns the house the electrician in
the bill that'll form that all that
stuff that's that many people that I
know that their work makes their family
members and all that sort of stuff
and because I live in a small village
it's like everyone has everyone so it's
like a small thing so I have this
massive Network this is where this is
why
genuinely I love my life get rid of
YouTube get rid of everything I have
this massive network of just people that
I know because my dad loved this you'd
like roof brunch like a social I
literally have a branch of a social
network which is amazing but then I
would have to America and then met
people through just doing YouTube and
then from YouTube it was like so nice to
forget people that you know throughout
your entire life to forget about people
and then remake them again and like oh
you know I remember you meet your hero I
know you from this or whatever
but anyway listen did no no no no not at
all I did have to stop say goodbye to me
so it's the same again meme meme Cal
alright no we're fine I'm no longer
dying
I think it's been hours since we
literally what we went to someone else's
house is PI and we're fine hi-5 was like
it was like beautiful cage this girl's
like no leave him alone he was like
hired bodyguard and he was like clearly
not it you know just was like can't be
on sir this won't train now so this is a
very good thing you can jump on but like
social networks of knowing people in
circles dad being a builder what he
works on the site you got all the
Builder people he knows and their
friends and family that you get to meet
through the job but then you've got your
friends and your family like you know
yourself and then you've got people like
you know at work so you have so many
social little networks for all I know so
you meet that many people
people you like yeah I am
no well yeah but I know you are
I just forgot your name smooth but how
cool was it like then what person was
like only fucking my night like I went
to their house plays and they always
threw through the best newsy pies ever
when I was a kid the first time I ever
got drunk ever my wife was that their
house yeah they very Bible like and you
don't about to lose me but you'll be
able to hear that was the first time I
ever got drunk but to be able to take
that full circle right yeah and then
invite them to my New Year's Eve party
yeah
how cool is that for me being a kid at
like alcoholic 9 years old getting drunk
for the first ever time to then inviting
them to my house party on New Year's Eve
is a good full circle right yeah we know
fucking shit up but what a great full
circle so oh it's just so cool to have
LD how many times how many times you've
you know now I'm like Oh Dave you bump
into so many people throughout your life
that you met you know I'll say this
don't be that one guy goes you should
remember me you should offended by it
bitch
people forget people me lots of people
not even in my career any class so many
people get offended like can't believe
you don't remember me and get aggressive
about it's like mate fuck you I don't
care about you if you're gonna be like
that but honestly it's so cool to meet
so many people from so many different
aspects of life whether it's America or
traveling or building or AC or the army
or the army where you can meet people
from all aspects of life
we're going exercise yeah yeah right you
can meet me from my old sauce it's just
absolutely crazy so you know I'll always
be social the best compliment life you
could be is hot sorry hot
