me and oh my god shouts outs two razors
with the epik swag but this is oops oh
hello there here mean Tucker basically
come to Best Buy and I'm doing like a
sock secret blog because I hi hey hi
hello there
so this is the the Maya night bitch team
my night bitch so no that's UFC right so
he's looking for FIFA and we just
discuss a huge fucking Best Buy near
where we live with like everything
awesome rounded massive TVs I'm not
gonna lie my life revolves around going
to gadget shops just fucking a little
bit not a bad way like bad revolve round
I mean I think it's a coolest thing just
come here look at all the new technology
and so far under yeah today was awesome
by the way student apparently 58,000 I
got a screenshot of 54,000 over 56,000
but apparently it was 58 so I'm gonna
live he's still right oh that's it big
eyes watching he and I have got hiccups
right now like I fight hiccups so bad
because I'm drinking some Pepsi we went
to KFC again but this time I got a good
I got a good KFC oh hey mom I love
facetiming you all the way from England
oh that's what I say I'm doing okay just
go oh so I'm gonna hopefully try to pick
up an iPad this is when I want an iPad
so I can record mobile games because
there's some really fun ones I just want
to play
just upload something think about it and
I'm going to do it I'm going to do I'm
going to take the plunge and do it so me
and took her a triple chin in it around
quick pick up you're gonna get 9 fans so
oh my God look at this everyone uses
these fucking things max I don't get it
I've never got max fucking understand
why people want max I don't twist
fucking max oh my god oh I need a
component cable it's good to comment
component cable before I get tied up in
this I need a I need a longer one yeah
like once connecting to my PC and then
to my mana you know what I'm dear mind
no no component cable HDMI no VGA human
fuck this guy so yeah we you a coke it
we were indeed shopping we went got calf
there we got a cock our color and I
thought I up hab side
and now I need a really long one that's
not what I need
you don't need this know who don't know
King a boat it's like $1,000 that's
ridiculous
so ridiculous it's ridiculous it can't
even catch his Best Buy card look bitch
I don't know I'm just looking I'm just
looking at big TVs Americans always do
things bigger and better
oh fuck oh my god oh my god 4k TVs look
at not cool you know what that does look
I'm just going to say so this is $1,000
no they thought able put up that
everyone about listen nobody's even like
one night let your same child to nature
a woman x-games
nobody's even gonna talk to saliva 14
and even bleed green I believe bred like
a normal lucky ginger yeah she was red
from the get-go anyway we're gonna get a
component really looking dollar eh do
you mind that's not a component casted
alright so we're gonna go find a
component cable I'll try and do a vine
whilst I'm in here
but this has been a behind the scenes of
art it's do wanna get I'm gonna fucking
kill this guy invest why hey you enjoy
my xbox why it's so great I swear oh my
god but there's evolved by the way
you're gonna get an Xbox one get
gettable that game is fucking awesome
I would not take her Oh Sarah no serious
is really good but anyway we're looking
for fucking this guy's walking around in
circles now he's bout to get let's get
punch in the face
he wants the are looking for component
cables if you fucking points us to HDMI
cable if he goes up to that guy and says
yeah you know work if I hit you my cable
fucking fine anyway this better be a
long one needs to be big a big one hello
communis convenient that hates you very
capable take a great component cable
right out smell Oh baby are there sir
here 16 inch VGA cable 16 is that the
one we want to pull it yeah it's the one
that goes in the back here monitor yes
16 feet I'm gonna kick his ass tomorrow
just people musical icon shaped I also
got an Xbox controller because I needed
bought as well that's kind of gay anyway
we don't look at the iPad now but we're
not gonna get one with you to say I want
it I want it spit on it and say fucking
mad bitch I look for you
look it's made out of rubber I already
go on see you guys tomorrow
he's but the way fucking found wrong
watch dude I'm gonna be Skrillex it's
not two DJ's tits off girlfriend it I'll
go read them it's not shut up it's not
oh here we go
what do I load in tickle your chin
Africa it's just so difficult
oh yeah yeah yeah all the time
Oh boom yeah yeah don't use it with a
button I don't know come it's all right
ready wait yeah oh yeah
kill it me Oh killed it we just killed
the truck stop no no what denominators
dick just click play and walk where they
are and do a few fist bumps oh and then
we got to get up on the table yeah and
then we just stand after that I'm like I
think you could figure out if I stood up
on this reporters yeah temple room let's
see how high you can go go quick I've
never played this game go Oh tom
they copied your game but you know what
fuck like a knight
