okay let me do domestic violence ooh
that's really gross what is we would
talk about anything one day what did she
say we were talking about what you said
gave him what say say that again
say that one more time yeah excuse me
sir your missus is talking about gaping
dickholes
so what why were you talking about
gaping nickels that's not a good enough
reason this is not the right reason for
anything you should die sir she was
talking about gaping dick holes right
you could have said a holy dick and then
it would seem sounds like religious
where you going
you just don't mind it you're the worst
person there is go on son bust some
moves go on Robbie we believe in you we
pay for your tuition to go to skate
school yeah Robbie Robbie yeah do it
Robbie we can't see you from here stay
close
I believe didn't leave you fail did go
back to school kid do you even play call
of duty do you even know how to kickflip
do you scrublord learn to do tricks kid
do you even know how to ollie bro you
haven't known an ollie is your face
isn't ollie
look at you you suck I feel it in my
fingers
at Albany chose it the fun from Love
Actually well I don't have any toes no
no I feel it in my fingers
happy late in my day sorry what it's
sexual sexual production that's where
babies come from
your dick hey guys city kid here sat
outside your flame sitting to the flame
chilling out with my friends homies and
bat beats by dre
Ã«peace eat fresh novel Cathy and we eat
fresh yes
do you see the car drive past right now
no we did it what did it look like it
was bloo bloo bloo-blee-blee blah
dancing skills no Matt hey is Bocelli o
swag every time every time every time so
did you find an intestine in your food
put in his tailor yeah put in his book
stop it why would you eat something that
belongs in this book so this is wrong no
Taylor don't do it
okay let's see what this guys doing over
here it's like I'll sell you a ps4 mate
for 50 quid so it's like this guy right
here he has no ideas like why the fuck
is this guy talking to me it's been
talking about the same thing about five
hours straight now
yo bro you're upside down now these
little shits like they're bloody music
so fucking loud no fucker go over there
and tell abuse talk him
okay messin with me boy and go over
there please a mob oh this is a mass
catalogue oh oh broccoli sprouts with
cheese oh we're focusing on faces she's
eating burgers and then we found this
boy with his bushy beard his name is
mother
that was totally shots fired Robert
would you like be a mustache rider on
this to the flames Muriel I would have
left you by now but you always make
blood flow to my loins oh Lord I can see
your soul on filming you know Oh where's
he gone oh is that we're sure it's off
get up that one this is what all the
agents would play on the guitar
guitar hero
tailor it like a rockstar go
yeah that was it that was the head bang
go for head back and go go the only
music I listen to is like metal and fire
the fire
