you know what we're trying to do I'm
gonna try and do a vlog on this huge
camera why because it's supposed to be
sex equality and I well no that's not
even the case I basically just charge my
batteries in it and I decided you know
what I've wrote it on this light this is
gonna make for an interesting blog
because it means I'm gonna have to edit
it and put it up because it's kind of a
big quality video but guys I have good
news my washing camera of the washing
machine no not good enough well guess
what I'm gonna show you something that's
really cool okay so as you guys know for
a while or for like the past six months
we've been working on an iPhone game now
the iPhone game is called zombie killer
squad and guess what
zombie killer squad just went live well
I say just it went live today I'm gonna
show you here any for this this is what
you will not be able to see at all I
don't know if this is gonna be focused
through BD games and section games whoa
whoa it's a section game that did not
know that was the thing
so how cuz so guys it's out I just
wanted to announce it to you guys on the
second channel let you guys know rock
and roll and do your thing the game is
available if you have iPhone is
available to download right now I'll put
a link in description so you can go and
download it so if you're watching this
on your phone just click it will send
you straight to it go and download it
it's absolutely free I'm so far thing
the highest Scott I've seen anyone with
is around a hundred thousand score and
total mine mine myself is 40 some note
is 39,000 but in the new download cuz I
was playing the dev build but my my
newest high score on this one is like 20
something thousand so I'm gonna try and
be that all night bought it's available
to download I want to see what your guys
high scores is so I want you to tweet me
with a hashtag hashtag zebb cast as I
feel like I've got a hair stuck to my
face in my eyes and I yeah I did I did
have like well yeah I wouldn't have an
eyelash in my eye by doing what I'm
trying to say is the game is available
go and download it free iphone game for
you guys to enjoy
it's an infinite runner zombie shooter
game where you can use amount which
allows you to basically have a second
life so if you're like running along
zombie you will die or you hit a berry
you'll die if you're riding on your
mount which in my case is a motorbike in
Luke's case is a donkey or an ass and in
Adams it's a huge goddamn cat so you can
ride along and that gives you a second
life you're going to try and shoot the
zombies the Muslims you kill the more
you multiplier is towards the end of
getting your more more points so say if
you kill if you kill one zombie it
counts as one point times 10 and it adds
up it adds a adds up so the Monzon bees
to kill the more part you're going to
get so it's like it's always times 10 so
if you kill 100 zombies it's 100 times
10 a cup thousand dollars two thousand
times ten he just end up getting a
shitload prize so that is basically me
announcing that the game is coming out
this camera I lift bro and this camera
is this camera is heavy I don't know how
I'm gonna handle this by the way
I just wanted to announce that it's out
is available and there is no updates
that will be rolling out periodically
that this camera is waiting up and you
know I'm just gonna I'm just gonna let's
give you that okay I can't because I
kind of like measure it out what's up
look I can zoom in with this camera
ready
I love it I'm gonna play I could play
around on this camera more for the
second channel I think I want to be able
to zoom in shots on like animals and
well when I say animals I specifically
mean where is it this little shit hit
once it's in alright look at it it's a
rug right it just sits there and he's
like the most I've got a keeper arm's
length so let's see how grumpy is gonna
be watching bite me yo
so okay you okay
most amused aughh ever by knowing mmm
zes is that chaos whatever you want to
call it it's available so go to the App
Store now and search zombie killer squat
or just click the description go
download it play trying get your highest
score and if you get your highest score
guys tweet at me at pros√≠m you can use
the hashtag zed KS and i'll be able to
check out and if you get the highest
scores I'll start retweeting it and
stuff like that I was doing earlier
today when we trended worldwide which
was crazy and if anything just have fun
with it okay and let me know let me know
what you guys think if you do like you
guys be sure to leave a review on the
actual app itself because you know it
really we really appreciate that we
appreciate all support so if you
download it it's a free app leave a
review you know and we would appreciate
that so we're really asking for so thank
you very much watching I'm gonna go this
camera is actually surprisingly heavy
and I don't want my cat on the stop
button it so thanks watching I love your
faces and I wonder if this was HD or not
we will find out yes we will
