where the hell have you been what are
you doing why are you not talking to me
hey guys Cynthia here and i am back in
the united states of america where it's
pretty quiet you know it's pretty quiet
but i'm going to open my door right now
and let the sun for the win I don't like
that anyway I a minute in the US I've
got some streaming today it's quite fun
I done some streaming and for your guys
disappointment the wall of dicks has
been removed yeah while dick and
twerking tutorials the reason I've got
removed is because you might notice that
the house is insanely clean and just to
show that outlet that is a Christmas
tree that is a real Christmas tree that
I bought for Christmas for the everyone
in the house and it's been there now for
over five minutes so but up and what the
hung is it house is insanely clean as
you can see and do only print you'll see
here of which you can literally see them
or a paw prints from the dog because the
dog just fucking sit down she's dead
Harry sits in grass sits in his lap I'm
gonna go a load of dead grass on me and
he goes she I'm gonna run in the house
then he runs in the house and it just
gets everywhere and that's what the dog
does and I'm gonna try and you know what
to try and see how many laps I can do of
this circular that we've got in the
house so my boring Tom wagon US of A and
the big things I'm going to quickly
throw it out you know that whole talk
about me working on my own game yeah
that's that's in the mix that's in the
mist of things to do next most common
thing syndicate when are you next during
your next series on minecraft or just
videos in general and the answer to that
as I look at a moth in a spider web the
next sector that is I'm doing another
series with optic we're going to be
doing it we're just waiting for it to be
made it's a custom game mode that no one
will have played before and it's our own
shin Diggory awesomeness that we're
making and you know what it's gonna be
fun i'm looking forward to releasing it
in a sense I don't know we're gonna put
on my server or we're just gonna release
it's a public once it's maybe because
it's gonna be a game of that everyone's
gonna want to play with their friends
and why you only like well you know you
need a minimum of like four people
actually probably can't even do as a 1v1
but it's really fun are you guys going a
little bit i'm not actually seen the map
yet or actually played the game mode
you we all know Declan our community I'm
seeing you know what he's been doing a
good job of everything and that guy's a
beast just to throw it out there you
guys haven't played my own minecraft
server which is owned by me Declan and
pixel planet the guy fucking crazy at
doing what he goes I'm not saying deck
isn't but we blow him back for
everything and basically my cube neck
it's still up guys if you didn't know
and a lot of people still ask mrs. day
like her when are you getting a server I
have one I just don't often least room
on it all the time because like when i
stream game modes i get everyone in my
game and it ruins like you have the play
of it which kind of sucks so but those
are would be wondering if you go to
multi cube net on the internet it'll
take to the website and i'll give you
the IP which is still more like you've
gotten there and if you go there you'll
be able to put the minecraft server so
that's been going awesome and really fun
and stuff up but in other news see this
this is the OG syndicate sure when i say
oh gee syndicate sure this is the OG
syndicate OG show because it's the
original sinica original shirt that was
first printed and you guys went crazy
for it but we're bringing it back
everyone's been asking for it because
like you know they were saving up for
one then we shut the store and they were
like ah what the fuck you know we watch
this one show which is rural your your
logo you can see here silicone riginal
but everyone wanted every way you can
see how the change you begun with the
company's to be called sending up
projects original you never know the
future I might change the company name
again it's fucking crazy it's just how
the brand develops and bought because
you guys have been supporting it so much
and demanding it we're bringing this
back and I want to say this week maybe
we'll bring it back for Americans now
you know like it's we try to do at the
same time but we'll bring you back for
Americans you know it's up for sale and
when it comes out in the UK so for the
sale in the UK but it's available and
you guys can go and get it when it's
live and just to throw something out
here shipping now when it comes out in
the UK is dirt cheap in the UK and if
you order it on a monday i think we've
like organized it like so you'll get it
within like a week like that's how quick
the shipping is now because we're all
company we used to work with people were
putting in orders and it said once two
week delivery which we didn't organize
it we literally just use them to print
and deliver with and we were like okay
you guys can do a good job of this hope
for and at first he could but when they
all just got overwhelming you're like we
cannot do this and it was taking three
weeks to a month to get shared a little
bit which sucked so luckily we're doing
it ourselves my sister's taken care of
like you know the P
stuff like that and my mom's doing like
all the behind scenes and it's like a
family company now which is really cool
but it you know it wouldn't exist
without this part of you guys and you
know like we've been doing the request
that you guys say like can you make
stickers and we've been making stickers
we're making hoodies down the line like
we're literally in the process of making
the hoodies and printing the call
tonight the logos on stuff are putting
the tags in the back of it and stuff so
we're in the process of doing all these
things you guys want like the stickers
are available to buy now we've got like
the riot line sticker we've got the
samurai which sueda did which is awesome
which is a new design that'll coming
down it the future hopefully you guys
are like her it's something like
everyone about science is it going to
revolve around with lion not like the og
sure the OG logo will be on the shirt
but there can be any sort of random
design and so if there's something that
I like in microwave eyes are like I want
this or I think of something I'm going
yeah or Evans like this what would this
one of me what do you think and I just
give it a go ahead then that becomes a
shirt and that's just how it works and
I've been seeing you guys going crazy on
Twitter would like tweeting or saying
that you've got your collections of each
shirt like since we died so that would
be the original the charged the riot
lion the riot liar one color and then
there was one what is the one other the
silicone teacher the bright line charged
and the one color think this for yeah i
think there's four designs the one
called by the way was the riot lion but
rather than cord it was just an outline
of all the individual pieces in it which
looked dope so that's what's going on
that's everything I am still walking
around in circles by the way the reason
why I do this because I mentioned you
like how many times K account so if
you're a badass enough to watch this
again and work out are you have been
coming since aesthetically I did say
well how many times and got how many
times I've been walking around in
circles because we'll find out but yeah
I'm going to go back swim into that
pretty stoked about that it's the first
time i will have been swimming since you
know when I was back in the UK when I
was not us last I went swimming
religiously like every other days like I
think I did and I swam 2,500 meters no
matter how long it took me but I tried
my hardest and like worked I like crazy
doing it and it was fucking awesome felt
really fit really good about myself you
know I skated on down there listen to
some good music and then once that was
all done I was like right sweet take a
day break and then carry on the swimming
stuff like that but when I came back to
the UK's like yeah I'm gonna stick to
routine every other day but when I went
to like the local pool it was really
shitty it's like all women swimming in
front of me in my way and kids playing
in my way I'm like a school day and I
was like fuck this this is just
frustrating I don't want this I'm just
not even gonna do it I know it sucked it
was bad decision but I just decided that
I didn't even want it so I'm going to
continue it on here whilst i'm in the US
but just less than a month that i'm here
because i'm working out here now and you
know we started out the visa cuz i
decided that i literally have stuff i
need to do and work out here so we've
got the visa and then that's what I'm
doing so I'm going to continue swimming
so I've got some new swimming goggles
which I like black with you've got like
mirrored ball lenses so when someone
looks at me rather than seeing like my
eyes like me in the background they see
like this badass reflection of
themselves so it's like intimidation so
when you when I used to do swimming
races they don't like goggles are you I
would want because when someone looks at
meaning like really see themselves so
they can light intimidate you with a
look I remember when I was I used to do
like competitive swimming and this one
time the other team was winning the
other team was winning when I saw us 14
height seal the other team was like
absolutely beast in about half a length
which is a lot in swimming terms in real
ale a so it went one two three four and
I was number for the last basically this
guy got in and was like look to me and
went so you any good and I was like I
knew I was good I was that I would like
the fastest in my age and even who I was
the oldest old it been the fastest in
the club for doing front crawl freestyle
which she's not from crawl but not just
that but you know you seen the video of
me doing it if you have basically I just
was like I'm all right so this guy set
off with half a length ahead of me and
as soon as my point cave I just fucking
dived in the water I absolutely dived in
and wish if I boom and it's like
absolutely rocketed down there and
absolutely loved it I'll be like one my
favorite swimming memories because I
always thought like I was as being
cheeky like modest like oh you're good
swim I was like all right you know she's
not gonna go beyond the fucking best I
met swimmers like that and then when you
beat him you're like you but when I God
when I smashed that guy swimming I was
like fuck yeah and I was that like dead
proud of the moment I think I was Bobby
I think it's always good to us memories
like that but then when I got to the end
and then I think
I can see it i'm pretty sure i did
something like yeah I'm all right to him
and then he was like her because his
team was winning and then we be in ib ib
in for the team because our team was
like behind and I brought back a team so
I kokia so here's me right now watching
some videos with myself and trying to
organize stuff before I go swimming in
about three hours so I tried to do a bit
of a video to be honest seen that I'm in
the US my series with optic will be
starting up hopefully soon I want to say
this week but laughter see how things go
with what how we did a lot the lone
survivors one is we wanted to get all
the episodes recorded which we did we
got every single have pause now stop
walking around so you have to keep count
so the way we did that was you know it
was we wanted to get every single
episode recorded so I'm serious I there
was never a day where there wasn't a
video and you know so it kept going kept
low and get going and I know people want
to say like oh you should've done this
you should've done that in between
series and I love taking people's
feedback which is like a let's play and
that's the audience integrate with what
we're doing but with the way we were to
do that series in this series is you
know we want to be able to just sort of
have the content made so there's no fuck
ups and if there is we can work on
solving it so it never gets a day where
it's like oh there's no videos
unfortunately the optic guys didn't
quite do it the way I did it and it's in
I have every video of schedule and
sometimes it fucks up you know I went a
bit earlier there's some youtubers she
ratted Lee and put it up later but hey
just wait I think I can hear the dog
actually I don't think I can I don't
think I can hear the dog I can't hear no
dummy we'll see if Moses him but
hopefully with this series guys it's
gonna be really fun it should last quite
a while but not like in a time-wasting
think it should be really good fun
content with the goals and aims that are
in this series that you guys are really
enjoy but I've been cat it doesn't do me
any justice there but I've caught some
Sun already I've been chilling outside
with the mother of four scenes I'm gonna
see if it's in here now little bitch the
dogs up there somewhere I don't know
where he is so Moses now muscles got out
this is this is moses moses crib he's
gone all right he's left his door open
though some others not there the dogs
upstairs thought I knew I could hear him
I could hear anybody's running around
upstairs I think Tucker's recorded so
yeah I'm gonna go now I just wanted to
do quite a long video catching with you
guys and talking about random shit if
you watched it leave a light green
subscribe and if you're new around here
like don't forget to subscribe obviously
if you don't go around it it's my
pleasure where I put like nice run the
videos while that made me really did
wait
holy fuck thank you see my eyes like but
I'm yeah I'm going to go blow this video
and then I go chill a bit after I've
just eaten a fucking pizza Jesus Christ
American food is so good and then go
deal swimming we'd like to go for a jog
I'm not gonna lie took a went for a job
today and it's kind of like something
when I was lying you know what reason
wanna do that bought a pair of running
shoes the first time I came to LA but
Seth like you know didn't I don't think
they were not much usually worth well i
bought some like really good running
shoes and I was like yeah I'm gonna
gonna get clear like I did one power
walk to a mall uh well it but if I did
you call them all in the UK shopping
center yeah like a shopping center and
then that was it never really did
anything else again so we're just have
to see how it goes so yeah that's it I
screwing some Daisy as well by the way
today if you missed it then make sure
you go to twitch the TV for a signature
and follow me but until then I'm going
to go I'm go to my Chum do nothin
