I am oh oh I had a dream about you last
night
seriously that I parked outside my
granddad's house for Christmas day to
drop with the presents chopped off all
the presents fine
someone came knocked it was like a sure
defender I was like yeah why someone it
jacked it up and specifically stolen
just one wheel not all of them they
jacked up and just store one wheel not
too sure why not sure how but they did
know that Christmas presents just one
defender wheel but in the weird thing is
there's a spare wheel on the back so I
just took it off and use that but that's
my Christmas dream so far it's been ok
it's been interesting but yeah I'm not
I'm not driving the sleigh today
Lydia's driving me and it's gonna be a
long day
ok it's gonna be all over the place
families divorce parents have to go away
it's Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing everywhere
so this here goes
shake them putting to me shake those put
in for me the keys house is a mess so
I'm just letting you guys run wild yes
I'm glad you let your Christmas present
good luck have fun I will see you all
later
Merry Christmas this gospel plane yeah
call me Toby Shelby call me uncle
farmers art look at me she like Safari
it'd be a good start
hey I would know if I forget like six of
these Christmas farmer Tom this is this
is the best gift you're ever gonna
receive in your life and you'll use them
all day today open up bear claws thank
you very much nailed it keyring yeah
this is a scale what is it jeans I'm
with it
guess that in my lifetime this is the
sickest gift thank you so much that is
so amazing
oh wow that is such a nice behaved car
Sami farmers Tom's cocoa farmers up with
a state like a fully silver toothpick so
like Tommy fucking Shelby and by the way
this is so sharp I could probably kill
them with it yeah kids bring it to the
fuck gigabyte
we're gonna turn around why is there a
grown man here did you have fun
it's brilliant
I think that's the first time I've ever
been to church on Christmas Day I could
say it was absolutely Pleasant st.
John's absolutely crushed it also this
hat is not doing a it's not it's not
actually that good at blocking sunlight
so I could say I have to walk around
like that otherwise oh yeah
you know why it's Christmas because
grandma's house
Nick the bacon of the turkey she gave it
ask for ask for big advantage Thank You
Christmas so far Alison Cal's car yeah
pinky fucking blood I've got defender I
need a pickup this is Frankie boy stole
to freddo's come on out without see you
later she is writing the Christmas card
too who knows who knows these jobs
dinner already
you slimy bugger we wish you a Merry
Christmas we wish you a Merry what you
mean wasn't it presents up
that's granddad's present of me I
bargained that down that's what guys
wait for me don't open the presents
upcoming wait for me I'm coming don't
judge it I can see it don't touch it
I'm almost there I'm going gather I'm
coming come on what's that
oh man on open again no open again
grater on your chops kinda you know this
is don't you
are you sure you promise I played my
blood last night on the TV and it kind
of gave it away he was there watching it
there you go
and you get good catch that TV is about
19 inches too small so I've got you a
nice 32 inch TV for this room okay
hey don't worry we'll help you set it
off me what do you got him maybe I maybe
I took away the blow that is a proper
better size TV in it for you you have a
smart TV on this I'll teach you how to
use it so you could we'll set you up so
you can watch YouTube on it if you are
doing it then brand-new TV Santa did
come really
yeah he smiled brilliant anybody care
about the TVs like I'm off because I'm
wrong policy dating a famous bloody
Cal's made it on TV again look at this
and he's mate celebrating a city game
marry the person they're gonna drop in
with it then yeah yeah it's not she yeah
I'll tell you what I really did not know
what to get you this year but when I
thought I was like what does Brenda Nina
said he spends always timing up from
room watching TV well why don't you
enjoy out watching on a bigger TV set
make sense done it perfect
hey garnet I'm looking forward to going
home now and seeing what president
you've got me Jack and I like it
I'll use it well I'm looking forward to
it
right any problems that TV let us know
right they cook the dog and Bowl
look at that well it's almost timely why
would you not need want a bigger TV what
do you say just then yeah before you
were expecting to get a new TV hey give
me a fist bump you stick with me brother
I'll take care of you next not my house
pick up the presents go to Dad's and
wrap the presents with dad and meet
Lydia let's go for the next gift
what is it I'm not sure about this he's
bought this no no I was oh yeah right so
change of one we are going to but we're
going to my dad's house we're going
through my dad's house in a minute but
part of this gift would use got me for
Christmas could not be physically put
into a car so I have no idea what it is
Steve are you enjoying Christmas dinner
yeah hope so
where we're going where we're going
what have you bought you know things and
you're like oh my gosh that's throny so
kill you put the trynna sticker no wait
are you serious
18 straight that's why it smells like
paint
do you like it
I'm gonna hope listen right I just knew
the style you liked but I didn't know
the color of war is that win-win Merry
Christmas dad
Merry Christmas I know right my aunt
Lydia's Oh some a hmm Christmas presents
whoo this is the biggest gift in Roman
it's got my name what Merry Christmas
2017 I got myself some rad and glasses
you might be like right there just clear
lenses to stop like cow poo and stop you
in flips on your faces
button my dad's I couldn't restore so
that's why I've got the M off my
step-brother Alex thank you very much
and then of Alison cow voila bike shot
and still cannot believe I've got a
throne thank you very much thank you
thank you I always I'm gonna I'm gonna
go over I'm gonna going to run eliminate
just to do a mountain biking is it to do
a mountain bike you know it's almost
it's almost like so in the summer not
just got one barry schatz I've got two
hey Kenan Gale done well II look at this
I've got my cell or what a make it a
maker but it's in a dull shit gusto but
more importantly the other reason I've
got this you saw my dad when he's worked
at my house he can have a fresh coffee
every day watching you know he just had
him like lying around the house I said
what'd you do read night shots you like
for Carl by the way can we just take a
moment to appreciate how sick this
rappin is instead of tinfoil this year
by Raptors in tinsel exactly she went
for a professional tinfoil look but no
honestly she's smashing this year I am
so happy with us in cars recent
Christmas gift yeah thank you very much
I have a light a light up Christmas
jumper I think alex is gonna put a
branded look all the boys to go in my
jersey sport if the blue doesn't match I
will be able to switch it not saying I'm
ungrateful
I love the helmet the helmets perfect
see even she wasn't sure but no that
looks really nice nice and sleek and
safe elements so do you like them don't
want them don't like they don't want
them I truck I tried subscribe my sister
Amelia came with the idea of like let's
go for some how do you pronounce it the
boot ons so we got a pair if you like
I've never went she was all never wear
shoes but a reaction a reaction when she
walked in them though when she opened it
was exactly what I wanted
where's your Cal present mouth uncle
Misbah do it ever everywhere this was
this was this was the most difficult
president I'd have to by anyone in my
life because he was so difficult to
bides I've been stressing over it we've
been stressing man's heart mine's not
okay drive it away in a code we managed
to open presents with her in my dad's
house bought oh she's got going up
Christmas dinner at her house now so I
love you love you bye now
what a fucking legend she is a rap max
gifts stuff yeah thank you so much -
seven centimetres get out of here oh hey
merry xmas from MA
what is this gonna be a box its way
chicken nuggets to Lydia and it's gonna
be empty I love Christmas this is really
weight loss whilst you were at my
granddad to be self the new TV we set it
off and we were like watching TV I don't
watch TV at this advert for VIP boo came
on like poo what the hell my brother's
got VIP loved it and she is the Queen
yourself she's chip boy myself look at
the photos this year oh I hope she's got
them ones hey where's the one of the
people just where's Harry
all right Harry's there I moved like
chop - yeah okay get out of it we don't
need a pile of my brains my brains
vomits Oh Cheers bacon come come come do
they really each of us mean we share a
chicken cookers there lately
just for the record on camera I'm sorry
that you ended up with no chicken
nuggets on that night out yeah you're on
you go double cheeseburger actually you
simply let me starving but guess what
you're now gonna finally for the first
time ever teach me how to do this
properly okay so you've scraped the skin
off no oh
sharpen terrifying that looks terrifying
yeah and then make sure the turkey is
cooked cooked properly yep
that's a very nice slice that can be oh
that's nice Oh
that's looking good why'd you be the
legs put my up on you so nice thing you
can do what you want you can other check
the legs off turkey legs and give them
to people as drumsticks oh that's
looking good alternative way that's it
that's a bad slice oh can I have a go oh
sure the time ago yeah let me try these
right alternately is this just to hold
it in place
yeah more sorry than pushing what about
thickness so we're gonna have to us okay
that's pretty alright but you okay up
first time I went wrong though yeah well
there's a bummer Isabeau yeah it's rid
but each search finds out she have to go
stop cutting knowledge it's always buy
more
to thing to thing try make it thinner
have you cooking everybody's up that's
the sick piece yes well daddy that I
just like to raise a toast for filling
our plates cold a very wholesome
Christmas dinner oh no this wasn't a
natural toast this was a joke because I
don't have any food on the way
so very very Christmas and a Happy New
Year okay you want to pull the cracker
you chip you're so clearly cheating dad
look Tracy one camera contact no high
five a well done right you're the
reigning champion who's going next
yeah go ahead my friends the way this
plays you have one move left you either
put it right there or I put a green
there and when you put a red there and I
win myself okay my friend oh no my
friend no my friend
take your move take you to the end take
your move wait where do I win oh that ha
ha I read
yo doc have to play get your ass
together you don't see with an L yeah do
I drink that will you help me my friend
no man what you need
oh my god is an escaped on toys we will
read built before to stop him from
escaping what a great Christmas has been
so far jail was your thanks for having
me for my huge massive Christmas dinner
no no more chicken nugget incidents okay
we just make our relationship can't take
that anymore
okay so much remember chicken nuggets
hey when you tell a minor to cook good
morning is about to get chicken nuggets
a move or I'd be also in a mood
Christmas dinner
are you getting as good as it looks
tender Lilly's faint
my friend look at your cool Oh beautiful
like actually beautiful I hope you're
enjoying your Christmas dinner my friend
because he's been nice boyfriend
I should probably sit like a two pushing
to face and stuff to stain over my mom's
husband Cal we have one problem if we
jump in analyses car might wait oh sorry
okay say my sucks bigger than Alice's
car Jesus all the way this is how I've
been delivering my presents all day a
big-ass Christmas oh yeah I just walked
into Allison girl's house when smells
like ass over there just because he's so
messy I thought it'd smell like ass all
day that's Christmas Day let me wait no
let me show it's nice to know it's not
just my cat that takes massive
ladies diarrhea just me and my big sack
hmm
just me and my big sack in the car me
and my be exact me and my big sack in
the car okay um I'm supposed to waiting
for Ellis in Kabul
of coming stuck in the car about 10
minutes now that's a lie 10 seconds the
light only just went luckily luckily I
always gave me a Christmas jumper so I
can see where I need to be yeah come
bring your cursor right before we go any
further
Darrin you got your best present on your
birthday just know I'm meaning sure
different now set your birthday present
was way too good for you Christmas
that's all I'm saying all right but
don't good see me I do Christmas take
three okay so we've been to my house
Lydia's a dad's and our mums so it's
Christmas take three alright to be fair
about Christmas at Lydia's no no
Christmas is my house yeah Christmas at
my house Christmas at Lydia's then I
went to church then I went to her
auntie's then I went to your mum's then
I went to my granddad's then after your
mom's I went to Dad's and then from
dad's Oh doing here are you ready for
Christmas time for Christmas dinner wait
how many people we fit around that table
how many people we fear on mum by the
way
mum the house is looking very nice by
the way
I honestly it it's really nice no one
really has wall decorations anymore do
they are so nice honestly mom your house
feels like a home so I'm very happy for
you I know mum it's almost like you
planned that
right guys I have one last present for
us I think this is gonna I think this is
good at Sims computer I think this I
think this is gonna be the most
meaningful get bit did you just say I'm
not how to be video how not to be
this will be the most meaningful book of
the past probably two three years have
you got any more guesses because you're
all wrong bitch so what did you see more
sky bitchy smoke sky Alex ever been on
that onto that forever so guess what
bitch it's moleskin does it even say
onyx I just bought it from moleskin I
thought I hoped it would say on it bitch
is mole's guy sorry guys my apologies
Alice mum he's close your eyes right
here Eddie oh yeah right right right
I need you to go with me your eyes don't
open your eyes and just guess what it is
Alice you already look so don't say
anything mum wait don't look mum don't
look you've got a guest by feeling and
shaking what it is right you can take
out the bag but you can't look what do
you think it is what you think it is
what do you think it is what do you
think it is to work why would I have
afraid it because we stuff's done so
well got your coffee machine the
carriage yes all right this is your
reactions have you done that no this is
for all of you
oh no yeah hell not know I did not wrap
me no I didn't I did not rough it at all
in this light if this was all Lydia just
I just rip it open
come on it Christmas the mummer's the
kind of person who saves the bloody
paper form I usually do it in tin foil
but over the glitter is gonna go
everywhere
she's Guinea sorry what
how do you guess that that even feels
like humbug in the slightest
well probably come on get in it come on
yeah right now you finally start ripping
it apart well good
yet Darren I told you me I got you a
solo it's your birthday it's only gonna
go downhill from there no thanks I got
you some nice jumpers if they don't
figure you can send them back that way
don't open that one yet that one's for
you guys to open together baby it's only
five eight plus seven
I'm low and behold what is mo max max I
think then we picked this out before you
even said you want it so I mean this was
all me and Lydia by the way so do I like
it yeah
you can open that together but you can
open that one as well just yourself if
he's just gonna if he's just gonna mess
around with details
I this might have the dog in it this
this might this might have the dog in it
yes this is phases Tommy
oh no sorry to tease you but I had to do
it we were in town and she was looking
me on the couch behind the chest
she received the other side all right
that was it's not your gift is Alice's
but it's something saved till the very
end
and yes you've got your by a bar this
nice pair of shoes and she was dead
happy about it and that was like that
that was what I was gonna do that was
the final gift she bought what thought
and what I have to say this right now
and this is father vlog like you've
absolutely smashed how busy you've been
with Christmas and when I did
contemplate taking about the shoes and
getting you the bag instead I spoke to
the woman and you know what I came to a
conclusion if you've been you've thought
you've absolutely smashed into original
so many people's Christmases we've been
made from four new working at a mom but
you run the company we all acknowledge
that you're absolutely crushing I know
you're a team I let's put you you will
remind you all my social media person
and then you've turned and turn into an
amazing company so there you go there's
a nice little gift for you there's your
Christmas bonus basic oh god I can
finally have Christmas dinner it's my
first Christmas dinner of the day I'm
Mary
you know me spot my cheek appear or
nowhere no see how we knew before oh
this looks lovely
I got two yolks
potatoes Brussels sprouts replacement
sorry just confused next joke we gots
little pigs in blankets pigs in blankets
and what else you guys all day and I was
like no so I'm having Christmas Day
wait no mum stop this right now mom turn
around is every single present under
that tree for Alice wait the Christmas
you've got the best gift of all Alice
yeah if I was you get your money back
not trying to be mean right now but my
mom did just savage me off but no
offense like honestly I'll get whatever
I'm giving but there's about 15,000
gifts it however big or small or cheap
up a costly minute I'm very happy for
that but everything one of these
presence is for Alice and then this this
one mom can I have this one this one
gift whoa it's almost like I don't know
what it is I'm just truly you might
you've got me a bigger gift no joke my
mom always gets me like one gift where's
Alice Alice always gets like 15,000
cause she asks for it so so ya Dums open
it takes it right so down this this is
of you right so this is off darin and is
it so much to do in my motorbike what is
that oh but good riding no is an avid
variety no way
but yeah wait so you don't put it in the
back that's that's protected and put it
in on the inside that's so cool that is
so cool all right all right davon
you win you win do that sick hey thank
you very much man
hey can I just ask I got a question is
this - it doesn't explain what it is is
this Taddy is that a bottle opener just
to like shiver underneath it takes it
off nice well she's in
what is this you get how did you guess
that was a photo frame homies walk home
I was pick up a new gift now guess it I
know you've got girls guess I'm
chemicals if you can and you're psychic
you touched it for three set less than
three milliseconds actually thank you go
wait a bit pause did you ask please so
you're actually just guess I actually
try to but the candles so deep down is
mister yeah yeah you what do you think
about this yeah my on a bio like this
goes on alright come on it's your go
you're the Mystic Meg Mystic Meg Mystic
Meg oh wait he's actually monster
alright mum you mom guess what it is
guess what is okay stop feeling the
paper there's no impulse what's it
called web blind people he's not brave
horny
okay
time to see if mom can guess which
without boobs
did you do a shopping news I could tell
you right now I'm gonna take a guess it
chanel something it's Chanel something
I'm telling you it's Chanel foundation
Chanel foundation era
how did I know it's almost like a star
Thomas through the Trafford Centre and
saw a by a there's my ASP yeah hey what
did you actually buy Darren's colorblind
Darren what color is our Z all right
wait wait what caused that stop no
because would you possibly don't don't
don't what caused this yeah and it's all
you've never seen no good
it goes off shades today might be
licensing so when you walk it is yellow
what goes on it's gotta be close to
something beige wait so what's up shit
annalee that's amazing
but how is it because you know it's a
color because someone said it so because
people have said that colors this so
many times that you associate with yeah
I think you're not gold one
listen man's learn how to play exploding
kittens in it exploding kittens or this
whatever you do you just don't have
pulled this card otherwise you're dead
phone call that I have two cards left I
can't play a card the rule is if I can't
play a card I was what's the real know
you've got pull a card man's not dead
just for the record there's one two
three there's three cards left one Oh
what is it wait wait no she didn't play
guys that's fine no so I always pull
them a bomb but she's got the fuse cards
so the bomb no the bomb goes back you
know about the bombs Alice we know the
bombs we just worked out that basically
there needs to be another bomb pop back
in so this this deck this deck which I
now have to pull back off right
consists just just for record two of
these cards are gonna kill me
one's gonna save my life the only way I
can win right now where were wait no
I've got a card which says see the
future I get to look all three card
Alice just played the note stops me from
doing that so that means I have to take
the top card which is not wait no no
wait wait up card and your turn without
drawing card for snails play to take two
cards oh wait always thank God now you
won't fit no no I'm gonna find the one
new parking spot can I just show you
what I've got on my shoe on my foot as a
shoe I picked up a plastic bag off the
floor all right um yeah Walter Park down
there I'd like to introduce Lydia back
into the night I'm so glad you're back a
loosely okay Alice are you ready to
defuse some Kitty's tyranny you're ready
to diffuse from Kadesh dial you're ready
to double you some oh god is dead so
you're ready to die it's real quick well
mate do not hit that is it still still
this could kill a vampire all right
don't fuck me I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
you got him and then the ball yeah you
bothers get well she still we still got
other games that we haven't played got
my cards in front of me let's go ahead
and attacking pickle - sorry what I've
gotta pick up two cards wait
so just a record I can defuse a bomb but
I don't think wait a minute so what
about this hey lady lady listen this is
a bomb all right guess what I just
picked your bomb defused it there's no
more cards left it's a draw it's it's
wrong it's wrong
oh yeah it is because the bomb is the
fuse it's just you versus me with no
fucking cards Tony well done go fuck
yourself I have actually no idea
whoa what is going on down what wait
what is actually good I have many I have
many questions
queeny's got it Gillan babe okay this
this is a normal Christmas treat Lydia
high five
what is this up big yo be made but the
best Christmas present ever
it's called reindeer vision you ready oh
it works that is awesome
do mean that is amazing look at the tree
who the fuck is that tree I'm crazy that
I've been bozo hey hey does I'm some of
the good stuff
all right give it down
yeah Trevor don't like guys are really
good Christmas gift always look at the
trunk of the tree what do you see
science Alice this calc you introduce
what you're doing right now we don't
lean down and who bought this Christmas
gift Wow Lydia you brought the entire
entertainment for the night okay go
shout to Claire mom we're not gonna
throw rendus Alice you mr. Lee no Cal
you need to lean forward with me off the
fucking scoreboards at the back of the
TV Carl the buck the end like in mommies
hot
no no your money's mine is something
wait why did she get another go yeah cuz
that doesn't count
alright ask his first official go fifty
points for gryffindor I don't know what
scores if I knew who are you
no she's not let's don't do this then
yeah Alice butter us move out the way
alright so Lydia's last shot is so you
always good 150 versus Wow
Alice code for big pressure more
pressure on Passover a to lose the game
we talked about you just a right let's
go this couple is too difficult
all right Alex distraction that's easily
know she walked in the way that's a
freak oh no trust me this is thank you
brand-new shot okay so that's my second
shot let's try again
I've got this maybe you got if I do what
you guys do oh not even touching to the
ha1 cow come on get going
school
no no zoom in throw in the balls
dinah ball don't know I'm throwing the
balls all right Carl put your head down
the balls the community face do at a
time I said well you're up next so no
show your it okay you just introduce
what's happening right now
No
what are you doing what's the objective
good look Alex and down thumbs up no
don't know Carl
you're leaning about three feet away
from the pudding
welcome to my house now where's your
sofa can you fucking look it's fucking
responsible
know your game
whoa closed eye game test where you know
what it is to feed Thomas a little bit
of cheese and then he's going to put his
eyes hungry Facebook's it's a cheddar
look at me the whole time all right you
know me right now don't look at me over
that was the white cheddar Oh Lester
Brie blue
no cheddar was the Red Lobster
what was the mature to the bone
Oh mature and not much oh sorry the red
God was a difference no was it not taste
alright I'll just turn like you got 24
hours yes alright Jesus Christ look
between your selection what kind of
cheese you got is going for a confident
first choice Oh Josh they'll be back
wow what are you gonna go up on choose
this election oh she's great
make a break now cuz this is it isn't it
easy ones are you there ok for this
decision
well cheddar them I know it's not China
is it channel maybe challenges what did
you get home I forgot the cheese is
wrong just like them let's go 505 about
3 out of 5 3 out 5 and where do we all
go wrong simmer and over this night
turned to be 2 a.m. no idea how no idea
how no idea how you - thank you very
much for having us easily the best oh I
do not know I just have to say this
right now this is easily hands-down been
the best Christmas of my life like it
really has
lady oh I'll just stick to stick a
toothpick in my head yeah but like I'm
pretty sure if you look at there that
toothpick it's red with bugs up no I
felt that go through bus my brain oh my
arm
yeah whatever but I felt that pace this
is getting my head three times what are
you doing
this literally there is literally a
wholly behind
how would you hug it that I already
filmed no don't do it
right anyway so you you do your thing
if you need to stay away hey - Mel -
think you really want to go to war I
will f you all right back
oh how about those cheesy I do I hope
got a very Merry Christmas oh Jesus
Christ
it was bought on this day Darren Oh
loves you brother look after yourself
I appreciate you see you a newsie no I'm
just going over you so thank you very
much for watching make sure you like
rate and subscribe and we will see you
tomorrow for the next daily vlog
tomorrow at 6 p.m. today so long until
then I'll see you guys later much love
on a saw D that spot cos why would you
do that
I don't saw gay right you need to go
away with your finger oh I knew you see
but you ready yes are you ready yeah
it's just the power of games we can tell
you yeah this is a gap not Gatsby
guess there's a part of gas we can value
yes sweet all right mum are you ready
mommy ready yeah I've got me trapped
what are you ready for she
what are you ready for a policy day
what's happening we're going to Debbie's
no no music Boxing Day we have snoozy
tomorrow the part of New Year's Eve
compels you the part of Ghazni compels
you the bar adjustment
