well you guys hear me talk about a lot
life randomly throws a spanner at you
and that spanner is made of shit
unfortunately that spidery shit thing
slapped me in the face today and no
great analogy but basically I went down
to my local photography place to get a
photo printed out for the Cambridge
University Press book which would be
awesome and hopefully we'll get that
side but as I was down there I stood
inside waiting it was a big queue and as
I was waiting for this queue to like go
down I looked outside I was like what a
nice day looked over at my bike across
the road and as I looked at my bike I
noticed it was like five dudes stood
around it big mostly guys I was like yo
shit my bikes getting jacked so I ran
out fucking helmet guns blazing legging
it across about to possibly swing at
these guys at the helmet and probably
get knocked the fuck out but as I ran
over there I realized my bike was on the
ground and I put two and two together
and realized that the car door and put
my bike was open an airport through and
through together and realize there's an
old man and a woman and the reverse tree
into the back of my bike not to over
snap the sidestand broke the indicator
didn't the fuel tank scratched all the
front of lights up bent the gear stick
like a liver in it wrecked the clutch
and and broke the handlebars basically
and that is what just happened to me so
I've got my mom on the task of getting
the insurance side out for that which
kind of suck but perhaps it happened to
me all the time just trying to get
things organized you know you think
everything is going right you light it's
good it's good am organizing going going
to America Sunday I'm gonna go and pick
some carpets from a house I'm gonna go
you know and just get stuff done
alicetin spider in your work so right
now I'm walking with all my like motor
bike gear so yeah it's that vlogging
like you guys know what happened I might
put video up of just showing you the
wreckage of the bike it honestly doesn't
look that bad on camera but in person
idiot you can just tell us much worse
but that happened and then one was
taking care of that and hopefully
everything will be sorted
look a little peep
we're really nice they were they were
like super friendly they were like
listen it was an accident with sorry I
was obviously mad at first I was like
four guns blazing for Fox like you're
blind motherfucker because the thing is
to get to their car they had to walk
past my like so they knew it was there
and they obviously just misjudged the
distance reversed into the back of it
knocked it over and basically went off
my bike because there's that many things
that's damaged on the bike individually
but it's just going to get to the
insurance and they're just going to go
fuck this
well scrap it for parts and we'll just
give you a new one so that's just
happened to me I now need to go and get
on my little you guys remember my white
bike and it's go and get my WR take that
for a ride instead and try and enjoy
driving around on a bike that can only
do about sixty miles per hour now so I
can't go on the motorway with it which
is gonna be great so just thought I'd
let you guys know if you get spanner in
the works and shit thrown at you in life
yeah sharpen but deal with it you'll be
okay and you can tell them a little bit
pissed off at the same time I'm like you
know what this sort of stuff happens in
life you just got to deal with it and
laughs moves on so hopefully when I get
back from America Michael Vick's suite
but until then let's go and get the
white back out and take that for a ride
it's gonna make me feel like I'm riding
like a tiny little bike now which is
going to stop no more power xj6 yeah
well no more motovlogs for you guys I
was just practicing getting outside and
stuff but guess that's going to have to
go and pause until next time I'll see
you guys later
don't get your bike drove into
