as today is a sad day has happened
unfortunately I'm really upset I've been
banned from Xbox Live it's happened I
don't know I didn't do anything no I
wasn't playing ghost early I didn't even
put it in the disc tray to get banned
that's what happened so basically I got
ghost today and I'm like yeah I'm gonna
jump online and play it you know the
servers are up we can play play with the
guys in the house and you stuff fun and
then it was like you were temporarily
banned oh no you are permanently banned
until like something something day 99 9
9 9 9 and I was just like 9 and I was
like 9999 years away I can get them
banned I was like no bad sounds like a
good deal I think I just wait so I just
made like funny Instagram video about if
your clippings a couple oh you'll see
that but I just made a funny video about
it and unfortunately I'm banned so I'm
guess what I'm doing I'm in the process
of making a new game attacks so I'm
after some name suggestions and it's a
bit of a thug life because I remember
doing this back in the day picking the
gamer tag was like the most important
thing it says a lot about you my
existing let me just let me just get
check what my um it gives you like a
made-up one let me just check what the
made-up one was called actually I
Instagram to get like those jomama my
new my new gamertag is existing lyric 27
was my gamertag so you get a free name
change because it just generates you
anything and you can change your later
on and so somehow going off my name and
details
I am existing lyric 27 but luckily I
managed to change this I'm here now now
I wanted to take the name popular that's
like my favorite word but fortunately
it's taken so I'm gonna thug Thug focus
family stole my family was father was
kidnapped sent money to help me ninja
lessons or whatever anyway
yeah I'm banned much like banned from
Xbox Live so I've got to make the new
account so I'm making the new account as
we speak and Trevor looks like Harry
Potter in his little office we've got T
mind over there as well T man is Trevor
not like GTA Trevor just do it there you
go you could hear him like peaking in
the background so I need a new name and
I don't know what to name myself like I
was thinking blade squad for 20 fucking
my bitches but that I thought maybe not
that's probably not the best way to go
around things and that's probably a
really good way to get yourself banned
yeah don't want to do that now do it
guys so I'm gonna try and think of a
name and this way I'm doing this because
I want you guys to give me some name
suggestions I'm gonna blow this straight
wait I'm gonna be reading the comments
and if I see a really cool name trying
out something original I like original
looking names like syndicate I was in
original name Oh pillar that was an
original name but they're both taken in
what one of them's banned and so I'll
try and see what we can get and then if
I can if I can try and get it get a good
name I'll let you guys know it is I want
it something like completely away from
syndicate I'm gonna make like a whole
new YouTube jump like hey guys it's ER
its existing lyric 27 here please
subscribe to my channel love you but
yeah we'll see how this goes but guys
I'm banned you know the world will never
be the same again I'm emotional I love
Xbox
