right guys gonna get him I'm literally
about to take up I'm taking going on in
a jet in a private jet from Las Vegas to
this guy he kind of seemed he's in the
dog but he's piling not me and look at
this oh this is so crazy and this is not
the best blog I've ever done I don't
know we literally just took off the
ground in a private jet
we've got Jericho chair we've got my
with a tea bag back there and we got the
private driver who's what's happen
what's your name point it and we've got
and we've got Quentin over here he's
awesome but look we've just been to
Vegas look at whoa we've literally just
left Vegas how crazy is that we just
spend less than twelve hours in Vegas
and it was absolutely crazy had a great
time so we would you even go we went
through an amazing meet we got off the
jet we went for an amazing meal after
the amazing meal we went straight out to
a club Jericho didn't get in the club
and anxiety take it off so I went to a
strip club instead and I was amazing but
then the first trucker we went into I go
into a Derek kitchen it was the most
hilariously go I don't you can hardly
see men
it's the best bug ever book like just
try to appreciate the speckles of lights
okay because what we're doing right now
is amazing I can't believe what I am in
life right now and this is crazy this is
all to you guys oh okay Hudson
and I put the headset up there on myself
ahead so we just might hear me probably
in laughs yeah like what I could put my
hands like I'm pilot right let's see if
you can see the screen so this is
turning right now everything loves
Superman so we're frying from Vegas back
to LA or Monica or whatever okay that's
Vegas that America is so strange because
I is all just Vegas is just strips and
strips of just like square square
squares and where people win it's like a
really weird Sin City
well that's what amazed me look it up it
looks like the moon right now looks like
a neon light so I here we go now just so
we can pilot I might work again
you know every day you let team up fly
that pilot fly the jet so if I get to
fly it with my knee on with money on
grade five I've done that I will do book
until then guys say goodbye to Vegas
make sure you subscribe join in for the
veggies in my life because that's what
to do this pipe is crazy
hopefully Quentin it'll get us back in
one piece until then my bitches and
get my name and have a nice life
