look when me and team and you probably
see behind this teammate you can be my
opposer for today presenting Griffith
Observatory well this is where we are
going to show you the view me and we
Trevor unlike a romantic day but look
online I'll show you just like you know
what let's go to Griffith Observatory
and whilst we were on the way to here we
got a phone call saying don't even of
Vegas tonight go and watch drink play
live in VIP and fly in the private jet
so that might be happening I say my
because like I never get like hooked on
something definitely
hey we're here and it's gonna be awesome
it's a fun trip so far
reckless Tartaruga filming was great
like it's such a good time there with
them and like I will very call of the
guys his characters just hilarious just
FaceTime don't worry about it excuse me
but yeah my tooths pretty bad like it's
it's kind of like a key in like every
time I was doing like shoots for them
guys like when it was my time to Turk
talk I'd accidentally bite down on my
jaw like just to like you know reset
that like I'd be talking so I'd stop
talking just got quiet like I just kept
climbing my teeth together and
unfortunately I kept damaging my tooth
but hopefully it's fine I don't know if
you can see that and the view the view
around us this entire place is crazy
I get try and gets to the front of here
but I try and get to the front I'll just
walk around and vlog this moment's and
I've been a really long you guys enjoy
private tour of Grif if it looks like
I'm just filming there but I'm talking
if I stay close to them it looks like
I'm talking oh you stop the see out
there you can see oh it is not the see
you can see you can see the ocean from
here I'll try to get you a bit closer
check that for a selfie that's pretty
cool
should I take you tell me to take for
fear jump - yeah Norris other
there you go a bit blurry but hopefully
it came out all right
so it's blur just focus on you all right
it's all right I tried
I noticed well see I'm always there to
help a guy in need but I'm gonna run to
the edge real quick to show you the to
show you the ocean this place is really
nice good guy tell him taking photos he
was taking a selfie with the DSLR moment
just cuz I can't believe how like crazy
my life is just been traveling and doing
so much crazy stuff thought I just want
to share with you guys so let's take a
look but all I'm gonna say one last
thing before I go cuz that's all about
to show you this side of the view is it
I really really wish that my dad was
here and I know that sounds that cheesy
but my entire life has brought me up
my dad's brought me quite a lot to talk
about like how
I like important and you should take the
minister often when I was growing up I
was like I don't care but like when you
grow up you realize they're amazing I'll
show you one last thing I'll show you
did it
damnit watch this asked Alec alright
well yeah I'm gonna go now guys we're
done yeah wait is this where they have
telescopes there you go oh I learned
something new I learn something new
today I'll probably do it later tonight
if I do end up gained on this private
jet but we'll see if I do then I'll be
wicked so until then see you guys there
