boom I'm like filming with my main
camera but then I was like you know what
since I've got a whole second channel
for like live stuff and individual
events why the heck not guys welcome to
the temple of zeus all that building
that I kind of built in Minecraft you
know you totally recognize it the one
that build on the hill no no okay
probably not it's because these guys did
a much better job just saw us out there
imagine if these guys had the technology
they had today to build buildings how
amazing would be the difference with
chisels and stuff no machines no looking
like that and how the heck did you get
this piece this long piece on this
pillar like magician modern old-school
wizards I don't even know but anyway
guys hello and welcome the sun√≠s bright
so rather than be doing this the entire
time and where am I my Oh clay so look I
look fabulous but I'm like seriously
killer person I'm like such British
tourism right now like rapid rocking my
so you could Oh G swag with my bag
without my cameras in it I'm here I've
made it I bought my ticket this good
because two euros are just gonna see
this and I know I know people might be
like it's just literally a lot of rock
John but no it's more than a rock this
is the Temple of Zeus this is a guy
could find five bolts of lightning with
his hands okay
alright I might not seen it but I know
it it happens because this guy's a
badass but this is one hell of an
amazing building look at it like it
would be so nice if the people of Greece
restored its I know other one keep it in
its original state of without touching
it but if it all crumbles to the ground
then I'll just be a pile of stone but
imagine Utley rebuilt it adding on to it
in the exact same way they used to do it
all like come off they could probably
build this back in a week or something
with modern technology but imagine if
they did amazing well this cost me two
euros to come and say like I say and I
understand like the locals probably like
the coats a few bits of stone put on top
of each other like in most impossible
way clearly aliens did this but it's
just it's fabulous slide to be here but
like I say and I got my ticket and I was
expected to like 20 euros or some other
and they were like oh yeah two euros I
was like what okay
like if you want to go to 12 I'll give
you a ticket like it's like the proper
ticket look it's got the shiny stuff on
it to go to that building
they've crop a list which is there so
the next vlog you're gonna see off me
it's give me me on this hill they're
looking down on this bad boy
so look at it it's absolutely the same
like it's crazy and how many of these
pillars must have fallen because he's
like two standing up there once falling
down and then you've got these all here
and just think how many used to be there
and I see was just like big long pieces
of stone which I doubt it didn't get
visas don't like that from but it's just
madness and I'm actually stoked to be
here
it is currently quarter to ten I have a
trip that I'm going on at half two and
then hopefully planning skydiving
tomorrow so it should be awesome and
then I'm gonna try and find out about it
sits in a kayak and I can go and do
because if there is I'm gonna do it but
I'm gonna go up to your crop list now
and then afterwards I'm gonna go and see
the Temple of Poseidon so thanks for
watching make sure you subscribe to the
channel and I'll see you guys in the
next video I'm probably gonna put these
Greek videos in a playlist so if you
want to see the tour of Greece with the
syndicate click the link in description
it'll take you to the playlist or maybe
just like the next video of that film I
do my god I found George Buffalo
predominance is seriously put four
double Domilise's manager card for a
comment comedy trouble as you gonna put
that back down cuz it's not mine and I'm
tempted to take a rock righteous alright
Wow look at it this is this just shows
you how crazy for temple this was like
how am I is what this was like the
entrance to it to get to that but did
you even see that I don't think you did
you know me might mean my epic camera
skills look at it okay this bad boy this
was the entrance to get to the massive
castle it's not careful damn it it's her
god house it's as the temples are it's a
temple gosh when I go home I'm gonna
play a Age of Empires I think that's
what's called Age of Mythology is that
oh is that a game I don't know anyway
right I'm going on a bit of adventure
looking at rocks and stuff so I will see
you guys at the Acropolis
yes
