all right I'm just gonna go with this
and hopefully it works and hopefully I
get into it but hello guys and this is
my vlogging channel where today I went
and bought Dada Dada a 3d yes even
though in the when you're looks like 2d
s 2 D 3 or whatever anyway I got 3ds the
Pokemon version and then I got Pokemon X
and I also got Pokemon y X & Y so that's
pretty cool I got these two I don't know
what the difference is in actually
playing them I'm pretty sure it's
different Pokemon when you like get to
certain stage you make different
decisions at each turn or whatever but I
decided to get both of them just to see
how it goes
it looks pretty cool now think I'm gonna
start on on X just because I got the
blue one the X Edition and yeah
story behind me get trying to mission on
to try and get these is I went to a game
stop yesterday and we turned up and it's
suppose to be like 7 p.m. there when it
closed and we got there at 6:20 and they
were like yeah we're already closing and
I was just like you spoon and
just getting like really a knife that's
my act that's my word to call people
when I'm angry Hugh Boone or sponge
sponge is another thing I like to say
but anyway then today I got back after
who we were swimming at X jaws so this
is kinda like the same day but a got
back from swim from there which was a
really cool day really chilled out and I
said you know what today's the day I'm
gonna go and get me two Pokemon games
and that's what I'm try to do I'm
actually I am actually struggling
getting in this do I have any sort of
weaponry that all right there you go I'm
gonna use a plug this is an American
book how where's that probably mostly
Americans watching this now like that's
that's not where Tom but right we're
gonna we're gonna use that to open all
this up well open it from this side
because we're we're doing an unboxing
together yeah but anyway I I saw I was i
right today I'm gonna go out I'm gonna
go to school and I'm gonna go buy it and
I went out to the first store the first
store I got to that is the same thing as
the mall and they decided to close
nearly and I was prepared to like tweet
Holly just you screw you I was like
getting really angry I was like no no I
try ringing up store now triangular
stone is like I open till 7:00 they said
yeah and I said will you be open there
if I head over in 20 minutes and they
said yes so I was like you know what you
guys are awesome I'm on my way so in my
Ruby I rushed over there got there and
then
was like you the European guy who just
phoned it I was like yes do you have any
left and she was like yes I do
so here it is American plug in applause
how funny
watch me be missing so I think I'm not
even kidding I think I'm missing
something already that oh no I thought I
was but it's like a weird play anyway
this is what we all want to look look at
I think whoa oh damn oh it's pretty qj--
oh my god it's absolutely massive that's
what she said oh my god
so it's a 3d s it's the special edition
no I don't do like Pokemon unboxing
stuff like this all the time and why I
even got the the the Pokemon ds4 should
I don't know see what's that I went
there as I can just get through the s
and then the to get to games and then
she was like okay drama blue I'll read
and I was like I just want a normal day
yes and she was like the new Pokemon
limited edition ones are out they're not
going to be for sale for long and I just
like okay then so I got this one and it
was a 3d X free yes extra large so
should be pretty cool I don't know ever
it's got any battery don't know how you
turn it on I actually used to have a DES
in the past tell you turn down nope nope
that's 3d on and off or the power born I
actually have no idea where the power
button is oh there I'm like I'm like
what is going on so I'm telling on that
we're gonna go do a first-person look at
it turning on maybe I don't think it
wants to don't want to power on but
anyway I just want to say that guy's
turning down okay how's it going so
white oh I've got to pick my menu and we
go
it's got audio how do I turn the audio
up this oh that's Wireless Wesley volume
well that's the volume it's not very
loud is it let's go touch screen mm so
this is me all right whoa hey what do
you straight on the screen 12 inch we're
next
activate 3d 2 1
whoa
that's cool the 3d is actually good in
this I've tried in the past yeah yeah it
works in 3d right set in time I'll do
this in a minute but I just wait to say
I've got this I'm stoked and what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna play through one
of these so I'm gonna play through all
the Pokemon X just so I know what I'm
doing and like try and get pro it and
then what I'm gonna try and do is I'm
going to try and find a way how to
record this and I'm go to livestream me
playing Pokemon y y know if I'm good at
this and I know what I'm doing that I'm
sure what happens in this is pretty much
exactly the same just a little different
I don't know how it's done in the past
cuz I know is sapphire and Ruby and that
sort of stuff I don't know what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna just like I'm
gonna just fly through this one and then
go try and live stream you're playing
this one completely but I think people
if anything are watching this now they
just want to see what this actually
looks like so they go it look looks
actually quite nice it's a really nice
design on it like if I could have got
the other one I would have just because
I prefer this looking Pokemon I've never
been into Pokemon that's the thing I
played it when I was gonna play sapphire
when I was like 12 or whatever like that
but other than that or even younger was
I eleven then I've been eleven oh my
gosh
there's no way I was ten at that time
but anyway yeah and yeah I tried it and
I liked I flew through it and oh well
mate
there's a stylus with it that's awesome
right so I'll just show you the back in
case that people are actually okay so
this is the front it looks really cool
you got both the other Pokemon on it and
then on the back you have this where it
says all the details and then you have
this slot Pokemon down here I think
there's a three Stein Pokemon you get to
choose from and then if you open it up
it's just like normal just looks black
and it looks pretty cool so hopefully
I'm just gonna no doubt on this and then
because I see iJustine playing it like
Harvest Moon or whatever I'm probably
gonna get that but whatever and
something I threw by me that is that I'd
love to consider ever being able to make
a 3ds game because not many game
developers do that you don't make games
through yes magic if I made like a
zombie game that you could buy three yes
and give up a reason for people to get
them but then people don't have them so
it's a waste of money just for one game
but Wi-Fi became like this Duty made
awesome games for 3d s's that'd be
 awesome but anyway I'm gonna go
and go play some Pokemon cuz I'm gonna
set this all up I just wait to show you
that I got this it's like limited
edition stuff I'll try and take care of
it but you know thought you always say
you know you get so it brand new and you
look after it then before you know it
scratch
justify I like my other iPhone 5s broken
what's not broken it's just in it so and
we set this up guising a place in
Pokemon so if you are as well let me
know what you called your Pokemon and
what should I name my first Pokemon
leave a comment in the comments below
subscribe and like the video and I'll
see you guys next time much love homie
slices and I like trains
