hello what are you doing
how did you get in my house sorry what
my garage door was open so you decided
to just walk into my house oh my god how
about waking me up no wow a fucking
tired easy cheeky bastard right let me
have a shot me he does does he look
smart by the way what are you doing go
away I'm naked it update you can see
it's triangles very best to connect I
have like 1 2 3 4 hairs they're trying
to all stick together and Suzy does that
becomes aligned and the same with her 1
2 3 4 trying to connect but it's day and
time to find out what her going dad he's
up take cheeky little bastard hello
buddy
he's okay he's okay I knew you know Mom
and Dad will be home soon
what are you doing well you do where do
for you what you do is the kids my house
then sneak and you don't go through did
I say come in no exactly you stuck it
out shit the bed what you were still in
bed
I was up till 7 a.m. come on see looking
very beautiful where is he
is this payback did you hear what he
said I said I was getting carriage doors
open
she's just let yourself in yeah today
shit just syndicate original blew the
door open you're like the cat cell shut
it off them suicide excuse me
that's probably why my grass is dying
you keep bullies standing on it oh I am
all right yeah yeah don't worry yeah
let's just uh let's just laugh it off oh
I'm gonna give you a 5 out of 10 for
parking today nailed it only missed the
back end of his car being in the spot
you know whatever it's 3d printing with
sugar
to make like pretty cool candy creations
yeah thank you
pretty cool look away you can may that's
awesome
they're the gimmick but you know what's
still pretty cool I'm ready to rock and
roll bang got myself the new GoPro
looking forward to using it if I can
charge it get used for tonight we'll see
how it handles in low light environments
when I'm riding my mountain bike
probably gonna like crap let's get the
gun after we were down in London and I
was using that Alexa like crazed like
hey Alexa Hilux that you know all the
time I just stood over there looking at
the Alexis systems about and there was a
couple they're like confuses to like
whether or not they should get it and I
just gave him a massive pitch like it's
absolutely worth it it's absolutely
amazing you can connect it's like your
speaker's your lies your heat and art so
I stopped to like connect it to an iPad
you know to play music out all right but
I was like not quite like that but you
can do all this with it and I'm pretty
sure I just managed to secure the guy
over there or sale so if you haven't
gone Alexa i really suggest one
immediately if your christmas granddad i
look a lovely slipper what don't you
want it
Jesus ungrateful sod what about this one
feel it feel it feel it kinda feel how
comfy that is telling you know inside it
you sausage oh yeah do you want it now
okay you can get me for Christmas
me you don't think that's perfect when
I'm recording and what I can get my dad
to do because that why yeah I'll get my
dad to drill a hole through the wall pop
that cable value and I could just flick
the switch when I'm about start
streaming
mate that's exactly what one because
then it was so it's something I'll use
it's not just gonna like sit on a desk
somewhere and do nothing I'll probably
use it every damn day how cool is that a
little on-air thing like above my office
door and then I can just flick it when I
walk into a room and turn on like my
studio lights you know set everything up
I can just flick that switch so people
know like if someone's coming in the
house to quickly say hello to music man
if that's on not to come in the room
here we see Gordon in his element
looking at a sale tag on a shirt he's
thinking wow that's a good price
he's got himself a babe to the left a
babe to the right will he attempt any
flirting hmm possibly not Gordon is
holding his light box off we've been
spotted
the garden has dinos he's let out a
smile and he is playing it cool other
ladies do you think there's something
wrong with his mannequin
what's going on with his neck this is
just typical British weather to be
honest mate and I I get I get to go
biking in this tonight I'm going
rounding my mountain bike in his blood
Leigh lovely weather absolutely whoa a
guy was wild as hell bloody lovely
weather you finally did it
well done I'm proud of you I was like
I'm in a minute why is that there why is
that there
oh there pop figures John are they
finally knock down the shelf didn't hear
well done and I'm gonna have to check
the CCTV and see that falling down but
well done well good I really should not
be rewarding naughty behavior but you
know what that's a amazing that it took
him so long to do it I thought that was
gonna be a day one incident nope like
three weeks don't need to do it I can't
express the stress to you that getting
ready to get biking was I couldn't fly
my gear my granddad could have taken the
motorway to John Lewis he's drove them
all away before it's got no problem with
it he just doesn't like good hundred
miles progress didn't think it's safe so
I told him to do 17 the journey that
should take him 15 minutes to get to
where we going took his hour we went to
John Lewis had a great time but spending
time with him the journey back again
no traffic time should took his 20
minutes I'm glad I went a long way talk
is an hour and 20 minutes to get home
next time my granddad wants to go
somewhere I'm driving so now I'm
officially late to go riding with the
boys not
actually a happy bunny about that but
you know I guess that's just how life is
so time to gear up and get a reading
but more importantly what makes me sad
is that I do not think the three seconds
this batteries been uncharged it's gonna
be rockin and rollin I might take this
with me and tragic but I've got one
pocket literally what I have one pocket
to take with me so I might risk it look
at this pocket I've got my GoPro charge
and I need an SDK that GoPros on charge
thank you Dad for putting this in charge
it's got 98% oh yeah oh yeah it's
charged it's ready but now what might be
absolutely epic with this is my helmet
is right next to my light mount now so
Technic really you know technically
because the light is pointing right
where the GoPro camera is dekha nickel
alley
thank God the six the six in break them
out get in
squeeze close there you go so
technically whatever the light shines
the GoPro should be able to get the
perfect vision of where I'm looking so
if I can line this up properly like my
life I sight wherever that torch is
shine that music GoPros film in that
spot so alright good lights on lights on
lights on bike child shoes on that's
right I don't even know if there's no
bloody memory card what I put insane
amount of glare from this but
nonetheless bullshit I gotta get out my
house in time
let's try and find the boys I'm
extremely late to this ride so let's see
if I can catch up with them hey it's
windy and cool this book and reading I
don't even know if you can see but you
know what they're trying to find them
they are somewhere to be found
all right first sheet checkpoint no sign
there's a light anywhere absolutely
anyway okay torches in the distance or
anything so just keep going and go back
filthy and hope for the best
wish me the morgue yeah I can see bikers
Mart on the ground they go so I think
I've catch it up to him if I can catch
up to him on a hill I will they die
indeed
Tokyo trick I can see the light
all right Jesus yes
all right come on exhausted even though
no electric bike I am ah shit come on
shit oh fuck go the right way that way
I'll go get through there yeah that's
right doing now there's a brick wall I
made it but I went the wrong way I need
to be down there
I'm coming time to be fast and loose
I am filthy fucking nasty
look at me the baby elephant us found
his dad I was trapped with an old man in
a car for 15 hours made myself at one
o'clock go back outside what's not about
Jesus
well is it an alien invasion say coming
down from the mountains they fee that's
it as a public and now my job
no you haw thank you gotta know the ride
okay now getting wet game with it now
see this I've only just got the lies the
job is not to find a return home to the
pub well I'll fire the crap I'm drenched
thank you rookie bike turned itself off
I wonder why I've joined no one ever
knows wonders what we do after a ride on
the W went straight through I'm soaked I
look like shit
more importantly Wow amazing GoPro Hero
six such a great product completely
froze whilst riding reset itself to
Spanish and now I can't get it to work
so nice you shaved yet oh you are oh you
grabbed it have you you've not shaved
since we lost in it no I tell you what
this is gonna well win but Dad with a
bid from a bastard that looks amazing
you've got caught on it though scoffing
recharge ticks in that home hey Alex
Carl you cats cute I hate it I hate the
noise I do I look the cat but I hate I
hate I hate cat that noise is so able to
scream from downstairs from the middle
floor from outside the room you'll
scratch it doors he demands attention
like a mother trucker but I demand food
feeding me consents a cat who's just
walked in the room somewhere but I'm not
too sure where he's gone oh by the way I
have a Christmas this is now gonna be
above my bill so every time I'm
live-streaming I'm on air you'll know I
don't know is that a bit rude I knew I
sensed a cat you really enjoyed well my
food oh right I think my my leg oh yeah
yeah I don't know what I got stung by I
know I got stung by some nettles here
I'm not sure this red mark is you're
liking the fight
we took a massive shower ah yes yes
thanks for cooking dinner that's what
you get in return I'm pretty sure our
cats just run off and buy them at
Linda's tree died my present dude God's
be just sheds and sheds and steals the
cat food what are you doing stop Trey
good girl
easily hands-down my favorite thing
about wonder mom boat ride and get
filthy he's gaining that shower
freshly not I'm feeling like nude my
legs your sting in from like branch
scratches and net old and all sorts of
crap but they're fresh in bed I would
say you know like I was saying better
get in bed with your scratched up legs
but I'm wearing my brand new Kevin Klein
chunky buttons I'm getting bed I'm good
to watch an episode of Punisher and what
did that it's like only half-past ten
but due to my 10 hour stream yesterday
I'm exhausted so if you're watching this
vlog right now I'm gonna be streaming
let me just make sure I can do this I'm
gonna be streaming from and we're
streaming from 6:30 p.m. on twitch.tv
for such indicate if you guys out there
you're missing out just telling you a
good place a fortnight some Battle
Royale
Pope gee sorry some call of duty so
minecraft and whoever knows what else
alright well I am sorry about the GoPro
clips hopefully they came out alright
ish it was a nighttime ride so that
makes the quality bit shitty anyway I
gotta leave you guys till tomorrow so
thank you very much for watching I will
see you guys then what it's all going at
once it's windy my cleaners leaving I'm
panicking I need to get my mom some
dinner before she starves to death
and all that jazz so thanks for watching
if you are watching this vlog right now
by the way I am indeed live streaming at
6:30 p.m. tonight so if this video went
up at 6 I'll be streaming at sick
the AP m so v square Twitter TV link
down in the description just loves your
face see you guys tomorrow 6:00 p.m. a
nurse how are you good
