this is supposed to be sunny California
the hell is going on hey guys it's
syndicate here and I am in California
Los Angeles the United States if you
don't pick that up and I literally just
walk back from getting a sandwich with
Tucker my roommate he was up there and
you can see his bear or wolf whatever
you want to call it is there just
chillin probably if it could jump down
it would attack me but I literally just
walk back and it was absolutely perfect
weather God just dead Soni dead nice I
came back at my sandwich started
uploading some videos and then he came
in room was like have you seen outside I
was like no and I looked I thought there
was a fire or something but the area is
completely fogged out because it's like
we're right near the coast the fog just
comes in off the coast every now and
again but like I can literally I can
literally I don't know if you can pick
up I can see it coming over this a
little bit panicky no they're all like
we don't understand
but hey guys I've decided that I want to
do like a bit of a vlog today as I walk
around and this mat that's so wet
through
I wasted a bit of luck today update you
guys on a few things one quickly gonna
throw us out it the Minecraft Project I
haven't been doing sound of the videos
in them and I hope you don't get too
upset about that it's just because I've
been wanting to record and make sure I
have a lot of videos uploaded and
there's not been enough like signs of
the video to choose from so if you do
want to go ahead and tweet like hashtag
style video number this this this and
this in advance by all means go ahead
and do that so please don't get upset
about silent video and the face camp is
coming back soon as you can see my skin
is kind of like fixed itself I'm no
longer like this falling apart mess of
like cracked red to scare anymore which
is really really cool bird is going
crazy over there doing like backflips
and stuff like that and this reminds me
of Silent Hill that's what I was trying
to say this reminds me of Silent Hill
right if I if I keep like filming this
way you'll probably see this tree here
I'm pretty sure I couldn't see that a
minute like could I could see that for a
minute go but you'll see that tree start
disappearing and I've gotta be quick so
I'm only got 10% battery but that's the
minecraft project
I've been requiring a lot of episodes
it's been absolutely awesome stuff that
happens in micro project is crazy the
new series with optic I'm working on
that still we're still recording it so
don't forget it's like a it should be a
fun series for you guys to are enjoy
that I'll also be coming daily when I
release it I'll let you guys know on the
topic of syndicate original the clothing
line the stores gonna be going down for
maintenance well of kind of maintenance
it's coming back with a big update we're
coming back and we're gonna have UK
distribution
so four people in the UK you want to
order you don't have to be like oh I
don't want to pay this huge shipping you
know like that was the only method for
us to be able to do it first we're gonna
be able to set it up in the UK with
better quality like really stepping it
up with what we want because we've like
you know we've we've done the past six
months or like nearly seven months of
like working with another company and we
had a lot of issues with them where it
was delivery or we was printed in like
quality and stuff like that and what I
wasn't in control of what was going on
like even though it was my company I
wasn't in control saying I couldn't be
at the printers seen like what was going
and all that stuff but now we're gonna
take control of it and we'll have a US
side of things that will be run and then
we'll have a UK settings that we run and
it'll be absolutely awesome and perfect
and hopefully we step our game up we've
got loads new designs come in for the
clothing shop but for first when we
relaunch we'll be doing like limited
shirts and like limited edition runs of
cool little special things which I can't
really talk about well yeah we've got
loads of cool big stuff coming for that
but yeah the site is gonna be down so
you're not gonna be able to order a
shirt anymore if you've been wanting to
I'm sorry but I think the thing that
splash page is up now just saying we're
coming back and when we're back we'll
announce you know the new shirt sort of
thing it's gonna be really cool hope you
guys like it we're really we're taking
the quality and we're stepping it off
it's gonna be absolutely awesome like
this is no longer just gonna be like
okay let's try and get you know shirts
sold as devices this is like proper
focusing on quality that's why I was
doing at first but that I was limited to
what I could do but now we'll be taking
on distribution of why it was like if I
got sure it used to be like got shirt
the other went through to this company
random company got it they sent them the
shirts out now we'll distribute it so we
can work on like what the shirt gets
sent with sending out additional
freebies with the shirts and stuff like
that yeah loads of cool stuff so stay
tuned for that I will do a vlog
announcing when it's out and like what's
going on with shirt store if you know
along the line mr. flatso that's great
next thing is multi cube net the
minecraft server if you want to play it
I'll put the IP in the description
it's my minecraft server that's up and
running if you want to check it out by
all means go ahead I'm gonna be jumping
on there and doing some live streams
throughout the week with me playing on
it I will be doing more of a video to
let you guys know more information about
it because it is currently in like alpha
beta and what that tree is actually
disappeared this fog is getting thicker
and thicker and thicker it's absolutely
crazy I'm gonna always side cuz it's
like dead moist in yet moist it's might
and I'm pretty sure I saw a wild mother
father awaking in as well so I'll be
able to like ruin his room and twist his
nipples off wait well that's weird
that's weird but I'm fine
I want to play loads of video games now
but I can't even though I have played
video games all day today
well since 11 a.m. this morning I want
to I want to I want to kick back and
play games but I can't cuz I'm rendering
videos I rendered I uploaded like 6
videos last night which is the micro
project like I'm really staying ahead of
episodes and stuff because I could be
really busy over the next few days so I
was like rather than be going over so no
videos what I'm doing instead is
allowing to have daily episodes every
day 6 p.m. for you guys to expect it so
leave a comment telling me what time max
budget is when and where you can find it
and we'll see if you guys get right but
anyway thanks for all the support on the
channel recently guys it's been
phenomenal like everyone showing a lot
of love where it's on YouTube where it's
in the comments on Twitter and stuff
like that on Facebook's and stuff ah and
also if you want to drop any facebook
fan out or just a no-fun out of Cindy Qi
sneaker projects in the career Ohana
then be sure to put it on my Facebook
fan page the links are below and my
Twitter and stuff like that and I'll
repost them and share some out so if
you've got any designs of something you
like to draw or send it when I got the
peel box ID I'll go ahead and set it up
so you guys can post that input and so I
don't you want to scan it I'll take a
picture of it and put on the set on the
page I'll go ahead and promote it so
that's about everything I'm gonna go I
just want to show you that it's the it's
the scary looks like we're just on the
edge of a cliff thanks watching guys I
love your faces and I like trains
