well today's storytime just attempted to
do this video and I was going to tell
you the story as to why my face looks
insanely red why I still like my skin
looks like it's peeling like I'm
sunburned and why I look like I'm
blotchy and in pain okay so the story
about this is I went swimming and I went
to a swim pool and I go every other day
that's why I've been doing since I come
to LA I've been swimming every other day
been training like trap push the
distance that go further and further and
further and just really enjoying it and
that's what I've been doing
now when swimming it and I went swimming
for about an hour whilst the dog runs a
white swim for about an hour like fall
swimming for an hour so I was in the
pool for about an hour and 45 minutes so
that's like a lot of time to be in a
pool like with chlorine and we don't
know everything just put the chlorine in
the pool or something to make my face go
like this but I came back and I was like
wow my face is absolutely on fire like
it feels like it needs like moisturizer
flat so I was like that's what I'll do
so like a spoon I thought I went and put
moisturizer on my face and until now I
thought it was frigging moisturizer I've
been telling everyone it must have been
like oh the chlorine reacting like you
know I'm still in my pores in my skin
reacting with the moisturizers I put on
now I've got this 1 million Paco Rabanne
like an you know comes with a Christmas
hour whatever I got this and I had a
bottle of this which was moisturizer
now when I went to go and get my
moisturizer I thought I'd picked up the
moisturizer and put this on my face and
I was telling everyone it was
moisturizer I put on my face but in fact
I put on his fucking shower gel I didn't
even know this until about two seconds
ago when I went and got it whilst try to
attend this video to tell people and put
this moisturizer on and I wonder if it's
something to do with this that's like
cause my face to be dead
irritated now so that means I've done I
went swimming for an hour and 45 minutes
came back with a really dried out
chlorine skin face
thought I'd put moisturizer on it and I
ended up putting shower gel on my face
and just left it just left it overnight
and basic let it just go into my pores
and react with my skin so I've really
damaged my skin because of poor shower
fucking gel on my face and I've been
terrible it was moisturize and I was
like that's really weird because the
moisturizers really never given me this
problem before cuz I've used it a lot of
times not that one you're obviously
the bottle I just picked up the wrong
one and they look exactly the same
everyone's just a bit smaller so I was
like okay I must have just been the
chlorines I was in the pool for so long
and I was like well to be honest I've
been a swimmer my entire life and even
when I know there's a really strong
chlorine pool pool and I don't really
get irritate rash or anything like that
but it must have just been the fact if I
make the fucking mistake of going going
to win for hour and a half and then
putting fucking shower gel so imagine
that a face like a mask for a shower gel
you rubbed it into my pores into my skin
into my skin everywhere where it was dry
went to bed that night and then woke up
the next day with a dried out face no
wonder I'm fucking peeling so I don't
know what that means
or what that's gonna happen because you
can see like if I show you like you can
see like my nose is all peel and stuff I
don't want her like I've killed off what
I'm assuming I've done is because my
face feels like it's peeling like the
Sun what my shoe man I've done is I've
kept I might have killed like the top
layer of skin on my face which sounds
horrible so what like I've been
sunburned but clearly I think like
chemically burn the layer of my face off
so hopefully I'm gonna be okay and not
gonna be permanently fucking red for the
rest of my life because that would be
going down tonight but as you can see I
need to go in like light and we can see
like the weird thing is is like you can
see under my lips there how it's all
like normal white and you can see what
the color of my skin should be compared
compared to the redness so like all my
nose is are peeling stuff like this and
I don't know if it to like wash my face
now because like I I did wash my face
like eventually after I'd wash this
stuff off like the next day so I thought
my face just feels like greasy so I
watched your all off and then I
obviously just dry it out my skin even
more do not but what I've been doing now
is just like moisturizing my skin with
this light healthy moisturizer that
repairs dried cracked skin and stuff
like that and and all that so yeah
pretty bad story of events to be honest
I was doing this video asking if people
knew like what was wrong with this
moisturizer and then I went to the
fucking bathroom and sorry I was shower
gel I realized it's basically stolen
100% my fault like a fucking idiot
so that really sucks so yeah so I
apologize for almost like wasting your
time I'm allowed to ask you this but
then I realized it was my fault I'm an
idiot so yeah and if anyone does know I
should probably do about this I'm
putting on this moisturizer which she's
like literally it's like skin repair
stuff it's like good don't judge that we
test it or whether like good good stuff
that I've got I've got some aloe vera as
well which I don't know if I should put
on
it's called banana boat aloe vera I use
this shit when I got sunburn like crazy
like all over my body like that entire
bottle half of it disappeared because I
rub that all over my body that time I
got sunburned I like so I was looking
here for like sympathy I'm assuming
being like oh no it's all my fault you
know sorry it's not my fault it was the
pool it was the moisturizer and it
basically turns out that it was all my
fault but I put in shower gel on my face
so anyone has any family that had
doctors or anything and might know like
what to do I'd appreciate that because
I'm an idiot and my face feels so sore
and cracked every time I talk I can feel
on my face just cracking and cracking so
I wish I keep my straighten my face keep
it at high Drake's it's clearly just
dried out that's what I've been
recommended to do but yeah guys I'm an
idiot
microprojects still give me daily the
new series with uptick will be stein
soon I'm not too sure how soon maybe in
a week or something like that so it's
not like a month away or anything like
that and also multi cube net if you want
to play on the server you can go to
multi cue bet on minecraft and go and
play that now it should be up but it's
in beta so like if there's any issues
then you know why if a server goes down
or you get kick from a game that's why I
could sign bonus to fire so yeah I'm
gonna go now and just cry because I
realized that I put fucking shower gel
on my face and dried out my face and I'm
really hoping that someone can probably
tell me what to do in this situation cuz
I'm an idiot and as always guys thank
you very much for watching oh one last
thing a syndicate originals go in the
clothing lines gonna be going down for a
short period of time because we're doing
some upgrades to the website and stuff
ah and like Rena facing a whole new site
to make it look awesome so that's gonna
be going down for a while I apologize
for people who've been waiting to get
shows you just have to wait until a site
gets back up til that and 21 people who
are waiting for outstanding artists for
like more than two weeks or three weeks
or whatever it was and we're working on
dispatching all the shirts it's just
that over Christmas we got absolutely
bombarded with a shirt orders and it was
just massively overwhelming since our
first year of sales and we've never done
a Christmas before and yeah it was like
thrown as a in at the deep end for a new
business that's only been around for six
months so yep that's that I'll give you
any more information about sandy kept
original soon the more I know about it
with the designers and stuff like that
and until then guys I really appreciate
my face being on fire right now thanks
watching and our deals
