boom no oh yes recording hey guys it's
syndicate here and like I said I was
gonna film as soon as I got to LA and I
was like showered and changed and
everything and good to go and oh yeah no
right no no game is going on like easy
he's married yeah this is going on in
there but he's he's married okay and
well I'm single but what we're talking
about here is there's nothing weird
going on here for those who wondered
it's just hashtag speeders good that's
all you need to know but I'm here and
I'm just gonna quickly show you the
garden maybe some of the downstairs is
just what's going on so I'm not being
like douchey got my sunglasses and tank
top on one my best mate Chris just
called me out already for wearing a tank
top
it's boiling hot in LA like he's he's
like he's he just dripped Holly swag off
him
he just went is what got rid of it and
then just just enjoy the weather cuz
it's so hot it's like insane like you
can see the sun's balancing off my
eyelids I mean I really do it's too
bright I have to wear these every time I
go outside for like another two weeks in
LA just because the Sun is that bright
like when we first got here I had them
on since the airport I took him off and
looked anyone who's wearing a white
t-shirt and it was just like ah so that
was that was painful
well yeah I'm here it's great I love it
it's the weather is very hot like I've
looked you've got a tank top and shorts
on and I'm already sweating like I'm
sweating it's that hard I can't handle
it so hopefully I adapt to it soon I'm
gonna build myself a pool then I'm gonna
dig a hole and put bag in it and then
water and my by paddling Taylor she buy
a paddling pool and this is Taylor you
can't even tell that's the camera there
this is Taylor plox this one she does
videos just see more videos around the
house probably off of her than me but
we're here and they picked me up from
the airport and it was dead cool and a
guy on the plane recognize me I think he
was called will but then I was probably
wrong but yeah recognized me on the
plane I've got open eyes taking photos
of when we were flying over like Iceland
or something like that with Iceland
Greenland smile we flew over somewhere
anyway oh my god this is insane like
taking photos that 10 rounds this guy
stood there dude
I was like that views amazing and he was
like complete complete you going on it
you're going on it he didn't want to go
on internet with your speedos but he's
doing it
hashtag speedo squad there you go right
I'm going inside a second to show you
indoors this is this is our house I can
take this off now
oh and the part of attachment the
partner touch is real I'm just look how
tired I am yeah damn it's a nice it's a
really nice day I'm showing my room real
quick but yeah what I'm saying okay so
I'm at fun on a plane which was just
crazy like what's the chance of that
like a flight to LA and there's a fun so
pleasure to meet you sir I think he said
he was going doing like three days in LA
just doing what the hell he wants and
then he was going to Hawaii meeting his
friends so you can see so that's Grizz
that's that's Jericho J yeah yeah that's
him and then there's oh okay Sarah I'm
showing this is Sonja nah he hates me
he's a bit like literally you can't see
him he just looks like a black dot but
that that's a dog good yeah come here
it really likes me good okay yeah so
we'll just leave him just grab his tips
off and we'll go in my room so he's
across the hall it's called there's a
whole of London Americans I don't care
all right so then this is my room you
know and all this blame team at hashtag
blame team R and then it's moms this is
my current setup this is just like
temperate none of this is mine I am NOT
single I am apart from my mouse and
keyboard made it I think but everything
else is like ever else in the houses I
just borrowed it cuz team at me Dow and
only just left loading stuff the answer
Chima thanks wrecking the world I'm
using your stuff portable AC UNIX oh I
ever in the house is sweating the tits
off because they're all America and they
used to it and then there's me who's
like fuck heat yeah and I just decided
that was gonna get an AC unit us you
live in America that's probably the best
thing to buy it's amazing at what
temperature it's 79 now and it's gonna
go down to 62 so I closed my door I'll
leave it all like this and I can come in
my room after being out and it's just
like hot sexual and this is medical
there's no wardrobe shit
yeah that's me that's me right now hello
and this is my room we've got a fridge I
asked them when I came here I was like
when I left in September or what
everyone I was like guys guys guys
please empty my fridge there's cheese in
it yep cheese yeah and then
where you left the end and molded out
all my fruit so I go to dr. pepper and
stuff they don't sell because I'd in the
UK and then have the best room in the
house because I have a view oh shit I
suppose wear sunglasses I have this view
watch watch watch watch watch watch it's
amazing but I'm just gonna close this
come lay in the air
the cold air buildup in the room and
system I'm getting my new PC like next
week so I'll do it like a sell video
when I get my new PC I'll get new
monitors for here and oh yeah how do
sell video you black pimp back row the
mustache looks so bad now but listen I'm
keeping it I'm refusing to shave it you
can't you can't make you probably can't
but I'm refusing to do it
I look like full dude this is the dog
just hates me
English racism against British people
it's British ISM so yeah this is a pole
by the way like what you think it's fun
that's gonna go on tumblr or something
like that I don't even go on tumblr but
anyway because I south in a lounge got a
big like 80 inch TV I don't know what
size it is but yeah another kitchen oh
I'll show you God was ruined because I
moved into t mats when he moved out and
then God were recently moved out so this
was gold was a room oh so you remember
this from the video that that I did
called what I do when I'm bored and if
you haven't seen it search it you'll
find it was funny it was in it was some
people those people yeah that was a hole
in the roof sorry what are you doing oh
did you just happen to grow clothes I
still need to get these get mine I need
to get in cuts out that guy I met a guy
a bar not like that but when I went for
food and this with a lot of people and
this guy behind me son was a fan and
then it turned out the guy next to him
worked at Google I'll six that so I'm
gonna go and get my food coca-cola okay
so there's a quick tour of the house and
that's gonna sit in the Sun Oh blinding
and our patreon patron so yeah I've
literally only just got here and people
would probably like why the hell you got
so much energy and I was on the plane I
watched huasi I know World War Z that
was pretty cool that was pretty weird it
just felt like it was telling me a story
instead of like a crazy action zombie
film so it was alright was he well so I
watch hangover 3 was epic that was
really really funny mr. chow Leslie that
was so fucking funny and then I watched
something else but I didn't watch it I
fell asleep halfway through it and I
fell asleep six hours we're going to eat
so yo yeah he's really fucking told by
the way we're gonna go out with him in
Google glass and everyone's like oh my
god is that that glass of Google you
just took a photo of me so I X right so
we're gonna go so I'll catch you guys
later
much love people and make sure you
subscribe to Gerald closes you'll see
more videos me around the house are in
America and get money get bitches fuck
about bitches I don't know it's I'm sure
I heard it off a song with Milan it's
you've been stuck in my head but right
alright guys much love and I'll see you
guys later alright I like trains
