all right so hello if you have just
found this channel and you just
subscribe then this video should be
working in your sub box because no one
uses some boxes anyway but anyway were
here and I'm on site because I literally
it was it was sunny and I started
uploading the video so I'm just taking
my helmet off I'm just making sure my
hair's not like doped out I start I
started uploading the last video on my
main channel like the real life one and
when I was my god view is so nice look a
monster I was editing it uploading it
I completely forgot it's that gone on
YouTube and watch this documentary about
spiders for 30 minutes I was like shit I
suppose one film in my house quickly
before it's dark so this look at it oh
my god I'm like I'm like a mad person
this is inside my house so focus on the
pond - look at it
yeah followed and so I'm going to
quickly take you inside here just to
show you what it's like so this this is
a gentleman is gonna be my house yeah
this is a casa de casa dos syndicate
okay I said they're syndicate it's leg
from here to there and I'll show you
over there in a second so we're gonna go
in and this is going to be um what was
going to be the big games room it's a
bit of a change games room because it's
now cinema down there that's give me
that walls green just be oh where am I
why that's gonna be a projector like a
big that's all at wall entire things
going to be a tea like screen no
projector like cinema like that and then
the games rooms good like here
oh shit I got look it looks like it's
flooded but that's just the rainwater
getting from above because I'll show you
upstairs in a minute there's not like a
full upstairs built yeah but yeah so
this is gonna be like couches and cinema
room and shit I'm trying to do this oh
fuck it's super wet I'm try to do this
tour as quickly as possible so I've got
stuff to do I'm going to America
I got a pair got a shit together oh my
god it's so flooded look at it this is
this is mad alright so yeah he's
probably you want proper to look at this
whoa right so this is the stairway
that's the room that we just came from
so I'll just quickly show you so we just
came from it look at what what is going
that look thing that's what we just came
from right and then coming in this the
whole way so go upstairs
so you got the floating staircase there
as me crazy just going to look it looks
like it's stuck
the wall like that and like nothing
underneath it could be crazy a bad drop
my phone right so you're gonna walk
through here so you just come from the
hallway into you oh it's exciting and
into this room super dark huh oh shit I
didn't know it would fuck to even deeper
in it bollocks to tits ruining my DC's
but didn't know it was this one
sure alright so we're in here now and
this is okay this this is gonna you can
just see Michelle Thursday I do a shadow
one hello there's me called Mahone and
that here I'm thinking like pool table
maybe so but nah it was gonna be like a
gym or snow it was going to be storage
then it's gonna be a gym but now I'm
just thinking put a big pool table in
here I like from this wall to there
there's gonna be like a cupboard and
that's gonna like storage facilities
washing machines and she'll like that
then in here this is going to be a
bathroom shower and all that and
changing area through to a glass door oh
this place is dry what flooded I came
and took a massive first day Tom my dad
says and there that's the pool so this
is gonna be like a glass door that takes
you through to the pool and I wish I
would have filmed every day of the
progress of this book one I was like
hardly here and two I was sleeping when
I got out of bed
look at this big fall tree jump in fuck
it let's do it but I was a bit higher
than I expected
alright so we're in we're in the pool
it's crazy this this is crazy
and here's my number alright so we were
up there okay
we were just up there this is the pool
so it was gonna just be a rectangle like
that that was the pool there that no
that was the pool and see it's filling
up already but um let me go over it
don't fall in it but I would like no
it's too simple you need to add
something onto it so we've made it like
an L shape like that but not as big like
more like that and the little nubber
where my thumb is that's a like a hot
tub but you can swim into so you swim
down and you can swim into like a hot
tub over there which is pretty cool and
this level don't think like it's going
to lower down this is you know the
waters gotta go down here the floor is
going to go like all the way along here
and then like sauna over there in the
corner and yeah hot tub there that's how
again like stairs stay hot took me not
just an old one it's good it's a hot tub
but it's well I could just a thing with
jet
yet so yeah there's that sure ah fuck am
I getting out of it
bollocks I'm going to take the miners
over there alright so yeah there's that
I would show you more of this but I want
to show you upstairs just this is the
craziest bit watch the ladders fall over
now and this is gonna fall fall don't
fall I'm keeping my phone there so in
case I drop it alright yeah there we go
alright so we're up so yeah there's an
over angle doo-doo-doo-doo you can't get
perspective it at all
so that oh my god oh it's crazy you got
I don't see this this much I'm usually
sleeping by the time I get up this is
done the finish for the day look at it
though fuck I told you you guys change
my lives you're fucking crazy
like man it's absolute mad I've always
wanted to build a house I really have
and I know I'm not building it like I
always thought I was going for some
reason because my dad's a builder I
thought I'd build it but my dad's
building it instead you know my dream
home it's gonna be awesome there you go
from the back so this one's going to say
I'm showing you upstairs now wait let me
hold your lace see it is it captain can
fit on I can't tell there you go there
look at that tree look min you can't
touch that tree it's got like a
preservation all right if you touch it
you like if I removed it they made me
pay for it that tree would cost twenty
two thousand twenty two thousand pounds
if I remove that tree I'm not even
joking you twenty two thousand pounds I
was like can we get rid of it without no
reservation on it I don't like well
actually I like it and when I was like
okay I looked into it 22 grand if you
wanna get rid of it was that know like
the truth the truth the truth alright so
there's there's the back outside and
there's the garden okay look um Dewey to
garden it I think make sense okay milk
filthy is look at all these rocks from
rocks and go down here look at it please
no you see how I'm walking like a high
level now this is six foot too high this
is good this six foot of dirt that we
dug out over there that's going to go is
this like this watch where you can see
down there that little pond that we made
that's the level the gardens supposed to
be so all this I'm stood on has to go
all has to go and look at that sheep
and what a sheep is there there's a lot
of sheep that's people why not focusing
it's actually really nice and colorful
over that okay then don't is it is it
yeah I don't know all right so should we
carry on and I'll take you back up to
where I want to show you so my dad's
working on this stressing himself out
and me and I don't blame him he's
awesome and he's doing a really really
good job of it and we just went down to
Birmingham to like pick like stairs and
handles and doors that sort of stuff
a lot of decisions that need to be made
so excuse me there's a window I'm not
having that anymore that's going I'm
gonna remove it get rid of the window so
I come up here
that's my Drive by the way and then here
oh my god what my dad did like no one's
coming again we got security teams and
stuff that cover this so right but you
got be careful it's in case like fucking
baby came in or something on the job it
was there I'm gonna fucking do so but
like wait where should we go
I can't get in god damn it my dad's made
it actually quite well to not make get
it in would you do this we'll just do
this mmm put you down a second just
so--but people don't fall basically
he'll hurt those should be okay you stay
there it's wet that's little bit all the
reason why I might be um be wet I fall
feel sorry all right
I mean all right so this right now is my
lounge all right so that there is
Milan's where we just climb through the
window fuck you know a dining area table
whatever else is here this kitchen it's
all kitchen door to the garage big
window
oh no bi-folding doors that doors that's
a big door that'll open up um door there
what was in the middle of the room
that's not supposed to be there is that
I don't know it is excuse me I'm like
that's not right and then these windows
as well so like you open up and go and
they fall together it looks like windows
then you open up to their fireplace now
let's get up level Christmas's shit
and then like your walk out of this you
got to go on this platform here when you
be able to y'all screws on your like
doodoo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo Roo doo doo doo doo dude I
know yes that would've been so sick if
you could jump into the pool but no
there's gonna be a roof on the pill that
so it's gonna be like a big roof there
which I wish we could walk on but you're
not allowed oh my god I just look right
the Sun Oh hurt my eyes a lot fuck
anyway so yeah don't forget you can go
back in in so you come out that side you
can come in this side look and there you
go this is the Casa de me already
shit 9 minutes oh well um well that just
missed me look at that being small so
yeah if you're wondering what this is by
the way that there it's big frame
there's a big glass wall at my house so
it's like a huge glass wall so like
there's a normal window yeah there's a
normal door and that look at size of it
not gonna be funny this the size of it
is huge
you like huge things like 12-foot high
of glass and it's which glass so when
you've saw my Instagram video still
going Instagram is the most recent thing
I posted I think I supposed to drunk
photos last night but you flick a switch
and it goes from see-through took to
opaque so it hides so it's like really
cool and yeah so it's gonna be like
stairs going up straight there and then
is going to basement and that's where we
were before
basement um oh yeah them sit here or is
it oh no and then there's a bathroom
here so from this section here close
that off this is the bathroom here with
the door they're going in it's so hard
to try and give you like perspective of
everything but yeah so and then there's
an upstairs but we've not got that high
yet we've got to where we are now I
could quit the technology like a
panoramic should I do it like this nice
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo big sofa
television on the wall
doo doo doo doo backdoor dining table
big dining table in the middle window
kitchen massage chair there I got my
side chair by the way the other day I
haven't got yeah I'm not getting in
front of the year so bollocks Oh massage
chair thing you there
because I fell in love with it and I
have a gaffer I had a gap here that was
supposed to buy like a
a reading chair file but instead I got
massager and so that there and then in
the kitchen then upstairs and we go
through the door hey like do good do
better
I'll leave the house by like walking out
there so yeah that's pretty much
everything guys I'm gonna fucking about
the hell of it just jumpin so just you
by my back come on
sold out write me Yolo mix wagons my way
out of here if I broke down my wall on
the house but that comes like Tama the
fuck did you do we saw you we saw you on
the cameras bitch
alright and there yo there's the house
fucking out it's crazy so mad that the
reason why I'm like that's like so
overwhelmed is how far it's coming you
guys have seen it just been a hole in
the ground this entire time and now yes
it's getting somewhere like it's always
been getting somewhere that people who
like this house is taking your it's been
a year since about the house you know
the other house that was here and then
we knocked it down
and yes been a year it's crazy no the
year and I'll be living in it fully
finished six months I'll be living it I
think pretty sweet pretty sweet so there
you go guys I said I'll give you a tour
hope you enjoyed the tour of my half
house and yeah I looked at wait you do
this now should I stand here now I don't
think I'm gonna be able to replicate
this I said I can stand here we'll do it
by the side of the tree and we'll try
and see if in a year's time if everyone
reminds me in a year's time still do the
house behind me I just blow did I get
get pretty I spell out guys
get the house that there do this guys
thank you so much for the said I love
you guys I do this because I enjoy it
and fucking I won't be anywhere like
this without you guys that's all I'm
saying seriously no lies
just don't know else to say it's fucking
crazy
you guys are awesome I really appreciate
everything when people like a target to
be on Twitter like I'm happy to have a
conversation with all you guys
for as long as I can and whatever I hope
to be doing this for as long as you guys
seem possibly possible I don't know what
to say like what would you recommend to
say I'm fucking okay
words cannot express how fucking great
vocal that's a word dictionary.com put
it in that's gonna be a thing now in it
every time I make up a new word it's
gonna go in dictionary calm silly could
add a new word today but yeah honestly
words can't describe how grateful I am
like I'm going back over to America
tomorrow and it's gonna be mad you know
I've got a whole new adventure out there
it's like it's really like living two
lives come out there I've got all this
chaos here and this awesome adventure of
one chapter in my life and go over to
America I've got this all whole other
side of things and to be honest you guys
have only seen this side so I can't wait
for you guys tomorrow I probably won't
film tomorrow maybe well well I fly
tomorrow I'll probably miss a day
because by the time I get to state yeah
right so I'm gonna fly tomorrow and I'll
introduce you guys to the other side of
my life dammit I was going to stop this
video on 1337 but it's 40 minutes but
they go we'll say goodbye with the
sunset guys thank you very much fortune
I love your faces and I will see you
later
moustache mustachio subscribe and
goodbye
