hey guys it's in kit hey I'm how do you
guys do it I'm in a really good mood
today and I thought I'd do a vlog and
just be like what's up guys one crazy
fat number one this channel is nearly on
1 million subscribers and by the way my
name is Thompson anyone who doesn't know
what I do I like to make gaming videos
are like gaming the memorabilia this is
from my main channel he's a gaming
headsets and that's my PC and stuff like
that no I mean like pcs are drawing a PC
I like making game videos and put it on
YouTube but I also like kinda live
inland a little bit adventurous Lee and
doing crazy stuff so for example today
but Godfather picked me up and I know it
sounds like this is gonna just sound
like I'm some mafia feeding to something
like The Godfather picked me up today
which is true The Godfather picked me up
today and we went firing double barrel
shotguns and a semi-automatic I don't
know what I want to say 12-gauge just on
fire but shotgun that can hold like 9
rounds or you can just go bang bang bang
bang so it was almost like an a a 12 as
fast as you could fire it it was crazy
so I just got fired no random reason are
destroying coffee shops or bakeries or
anything like don't worry I wasn't going
mafia status but yeah we're firing a
double-barrel shotgun and I took this
bad boy with me I took a GoPro this is a
GoPro 3 which is a really good quality
camera actually but I went to I went
shooting with it and we attached it to
the end of the gun so if you have a look
at the footage hopefully I'm gonna see
if you can try and see it you can so as
you can see here we've got attached to
the end of the good now you'll see Clips
throughout this guys which I'm kind of
doing a bit of this quitter disclaim it
now as you can see like I was doing like
the shooting and we were loading up
front for a good image there you go
let's go one was loading the shotgun
right now you'll see throughout the
video and this is for people who are
about to probably give me some shit
about it and I'm gonna I'm neither mine
I'm gonna get like gun associations and
people and families being like should
never buy a good at someone oh don't
worry it I'm gonna put a disclaimer in
the video because I'm gonna do it like
it I'm gonna do a normal commentary
update kind of like this but over the
the shotgun footage kid seemed pretty
cool and it's just getting on being a
bit of an update for the child but you
should never point a gun at anyone in no
circumstance should you ever point a gun
at someone like ever
whether it's loaded or empty or anything
loud no that's like the first thing you
get taught when you ever handle a gun
never point a gun at anyone now my uncle
Shawn was not my uncle as my godfather
but Godfather I always call him uncle
Shawn he's a legend he's a living
if there's anyone I trust with a gun is
him I trusted a gun okay
so throughout the video you'll see
points where I aim the shotgun at him
simply because we had this strapped to
the barrel of the gun so wherever the
gun was aimed like accurately you knew
that they were in shot with a camera now
I know it's kind of contradictory like
she's no pilot gone but then the barrels
on the end of the gun but that was the
only way we could film excedrin it may
have a battery I don't way of a camera
so you see me fighting other people so
don't buy a good of people but then if
someone's like you should still have a
PI or good at anyone I just give the
excuse about was track killing okay
so don't buy a gun anyone ever and I was
tracking so there you go so that that
problem saying care for guys I would
shooting a duel runner a shotgun was the
most crazy shot she could imagine I was
like I was like you should burn to take
him out and then I was like yo he says
I'm gonna hit fire it and he was like it
was alright then first shot of hit
firing a shot a double a double-barrel
shotgun from the hip just aiming it like
no practice never done it before I had a
bit practice but I never aimed it our
truck tried before
forget aimed up shot it took you first
time and I'll try and get the sound bite
of my my grandfather just go ahead he's
absolutely amazing he's a living legend
I mean he would be like really same
principles of just enjoying life don't
get caught up in drama or owning that
shit and just enjoy yourself and that is
why all my sleep reach and him and my
dad were like huge inspirations in my
life for that sort of stuff and that's
why through my youtube I'm gonna send
even more videos just talking about like
actual things that meaningful and try to
not make not be like I'm gonna make a
difference I'll get the next speaker or
something but today I actually went into
curries oh it's curries in Ashton now if
you're from UK there's a place called
Manchester and outside Mancha inside
Manchester there's an Ashton underlined
and I went to a Curry's and I went to a
curries and I actually met those are the
people who work there they were absolute
legends you got my Twitter I put my
Twitter below you find an image that
took with all the people who work there
now these were people from X ages one
was 17 and then one was like
30-something you know so it ranged of
crazy ages and he was like men and women
and they all watched my videos and it
was crazy all of the GTA stuff the
Minecraft stuff the vlogs and then you
were saying like we've got kids and I'm
sad and stuff from it was just mad
because they would tell them like how
I'm sort of like had an impact on their
kid's life because they said like they
were to grow up and they want to do what
I do or you know they just like my
videos you know they do stuff because I
do something like
and when I was just sat there the entire
time I've been a great dear uncle you
know just then we had a really good like
inspiring chat with each other then from
going from that being like you know just
be positive in people and hopefully
they'll be positive back that's our
thing you know
treat people are you want to be treated
to go to a store today and get people
say that to you it's just it's but it's
crazy and like listen I get I get fun
mail and stuff I don't even give away my
address but some people have that
dedicated they're like listen I want to
send you a letter that's people send me
Christmas cards I've got a stack of all
the fun may look is this some more rare
as well I've got a stack of all the fan
mail I've ever received and it's one day
I'm gonna do a live stream I'm gonna
just read through all of it I'm gonna
put it on YouTube and I know there be
people like I don't wanna watch that
book for that one personally one through
the efforts Emma Knightley thank you so
much I really appreciate it I do try and
thank you sorry that's why I say habit
work so I can thank you directly because
I don't send letters back I have
actually bought a cupboard full of
letters to be able to reply to you guys
and I've got a really cool thing to
ascend back to every single person who
ever sends me something so thank you
very much
but I'm gonna get peel box so you don't
like I'm not gonna disclose my dress you
know just for privacy issues in this
deflower but yeah I really really
appreciate you guys being awesome and
it's just been today it's been
overwhelming so I've got a shotgun video
coming out with me firing the shotgun on
the GoPro which then leads me on to this
so this is the GoPro 3 which I probably
already mentioned this point it's really
good quite good quality camera bore
there's the group there's a GoPro Hero 3
plus that comes with a remote as well
and this thing is insane this thing will
shoot in 4k imagery now don't worry that
it's actually a mad mad different or
anything like and I'm going to try and
mess around with quality settings but
when you see the GoPro videos then guys
film it and it looks insane HD and then
I put it on my computer and it doesn't
look as good now I know you need like a
category 10 card and no you guys but
that way was that category 10 if you get
memory card you get like cat want a
captain captain is the highest quality
if you can record in captain is 4k 3d
1080p and cat want is just standard sort
of HD so maybe like poor 720 so when you
read to a car and a memory card it's
like yeah I can handle it you know I can
handle it with you get at Ken it's like
the best the best so you get that
quality so I'm recording in cat 10 at
everything like that so I'm really
trying my best to improve the quality of
it but I'm gonna go back next Sunday I'm
gonna go with my shock fucking phone
rang bollocks or anyone like I was
saying we're gonna go back over to or is
it we're gonna go back over to fire
can your shoe in it's gonna be
absolutely crazy I mean I've go pro set
up on the on my gun a shotgun set not
shotgun set up I have a camera set up on
his gun and a camera faces and stuff
like that and I'm a battery Chad it's
gonna be really cool I'm gonna have some
fun stuff I've got a really fun shotgun
video coming soon as well all I'm sayin
is sneaky Suge and that's all you know
to need to know that's the title of the
video it's called sneaky shotgun it's
gonna be pretty cool I'm really funny so
it's gonna be good so stay tuned for
that but I'm gonna wear like I said do a
commentary over this and just say like
thank you just thank you guys for like
all support over like the past couple
years and like recently the past couple
weeks you guys have been insane and just
thanks for everything and we're nearly a
million subscribers which is crazy so if
you haven't subscribe to this channel
guys subscribe and I'm gonna go but yes
they fucking awesome I know people don't
like me swearing are no parents don't
like me swearing but listen I'm sorry
kids eventually swearing if you don't
want this way you don't have to swear
it's not cool it's not smiling it's not
clever but for some reason it just helps
me emphasize things like fucking yeah
better guys thanks for watching I love
you guys and I'll see y'all there thanks
I told oh I'm so happy you guys the best
