oh hey you'd remember when I was out in
LA and I was doing parkour it was
awesome I was kicking like matpat doing
temple running free stuff I said that
backwards but you remember that well
that was actually a sponsored video for
sonic forces and you know what the video
is finally out so if you want to see a
very very sexually high produced video
of me running around doing parkour
failing on camera yeah they made sure
they kept in the clip where I really
fell and busted my ass like seriously
fell and hurt myself so bad that I
thought myself but anyway the video is
out now so if you want to check it out I
really advise it like if you just like
my vlogs anyway it is a sponsored video
for sonic forces likes for the game that
we will promote in I'll put a link down
inscription but that as well but it was
so much fun that it's something that
just doing my normal vlog anyway so
imagine me vlogging but just a high
quality version it's basically a
professional version of me parkouring so
if you want to check it out links down
description go over there
tell them the vlog sent you leave a like
right on it and yeah hope you guys enjoy
watch look enjoy the rest of the blog
and it's all oh okay how much money do
we spend McDonald's night we go to take
him a 20 chicken burger no good meal and
I know goodbye
we did offer to drop you off at the bus
station but okay bye bye yeah no I
didn't okay bye bye now bye bye I I'll
randomly bump into you on another night
out then okay yes sweetie how random I
have to watch the vlog back to to find
at which point a bombs into him go
there's my dream house
she can sing Oh uh-huh
oh my bro oh my we'll give a revelant oh
sorry
oh good oh they're not like the wheels
then that's my friend that nice my
friend when you pick it up when you look
how happy you when did you pick it up oh
 my weather's my grandmother's
birthday
in this restaurant in this building that
we're in so I'm gonna buy a birthday
care
No okay so we bought card for it she sat
just in that other room in there so I've
got Ricard now to try and find her a
present I don't know if she's gonna like
that yeah I know it's a happy cactus bag
I get where you're coming from but I
don't think she's used to
we're buying her gift in the restaurant
start and now wrapping it
thank you very much by the way nailed it
she'll have no idea we've just bought it
from the same place we just I could
completely forgot you've not met my
girlfriend this is this is the old small
one
because she is just a summary how I do
get home last night myself
yeah he's following a leaned on it and
it fell over and I ended up both
tangling whoop on the back of his bike
and I got sloppy too to Stoppers you
want these big boys
we're talking to them oh my god you've
got rest to this it was then I walked up
to Piccadilly Central particularly
station and caught my Trump yeah so I
shouldn't shine got off with the sniper
again a war thorn the mustard snowstorm
oh it says two old small person you say
that my packet of seeds I bought you
wasn't good enough so do you know what
that's ones first
this is not for you this is for Lydia
she wanted an avocado long story okay so
first of all some black bomber cheese
from Snowdonia cheese now you like this
Christmas present I mean birthday
present
obviously with cheese you need crackers
but more importantly an open window
Nana what did you just say I'm I've won
Christmas in I'm your birthday I think
my Nan's been defeated by the smallest
piece of sellotape in the world yeah
would you like to assist defeated by
Salatin defeated by the thinnest not
even solitary
Hales been defeated by a piece of right
get in there go on go on
concentrate on your gift why is it
chocolate Claire what did you just say
you wanted boom I win I win look at ya
come here you like a little Ewok you're
not getting me coffee Crocs Dada I will
not be seen dead in them view would you
would you would you buy them for
Christmas I'll burn your house down
alright I guess you just fleecing me
here aren't you
hey you go happy birthday Merry
Christmas there you go Lucas
he's buying one now he didn't get you
anything he's buddy shopping for it now
totally know what we just did five
minutes ago whatever
oh come on it's a little woman in a
little car hey you still got fake teeth
pop your teeth out the funders assemble
this is a tiger Oh
what is his take they take day they take
it was very nice to see him I completely
forgot man answering common grandma my
mom's my mom's mom was my grandma and my
dad's mom is man man I don't know what
you leave a comment down below what you
call them oh yeah I'm so glad you got to
meet every first time I did we lose the
first time that's crazy what you call
your grandma you're just you're done my
dad's mama
hums to Chinese so she calls her groom a
dad's grandma and granddad raamaiah
it's gone so that's random and then you
call your mum's
I just grabbed my own granddad and then
not an granddad I will yeah she does I
actually thought I look like as well oh
wait we think that might be the weave
dog guy that I gave a shout out to like
a few days ago
we're gonna say rounds if it was also I
did you see two defenders so I'm gonna
film them and give them a shout as well
no we said we felt that was him it does
dress look and act like it but no it's
his name tell me we thought it was him
hey that was actually you you someone
watching this hi
I like being part of a club hey when I
Drive my stupid defenders they always
wave at me oh they do the the peace out
that we know this guy IDs and now the
window just went please how's our girls
he's
oh no no he did there he did the Sun I
was like ah he's good
how to do dressing up 101 she has
literally become the Stars granddad at
TV I pointed out the other day in his
house those TVs absolutely I'm gonna
drop us his TVs what that's fine I
pointed out that the TV is so ancient
and he watches it all the time his room
so why not get him a better TV what
happened yeah what's he's got Netflix on
so when I go around I can put movies on
oh my this is just like extra large
animals or something oh is what Robbie
needs to hit the gym
that's a list of bodies Robert
I've ever seen looks but he's wearing a
coat it's that fight was like it worked
oh you are not a little star are you
yeah oh don't freak me out what look at
it so random hmm there's a demon rabbit
here demon rabbit thank you how you
doing this is the current situation me
and Lydia sleeping on Lydia's mums legs
you are and this is for the record
factually the best mom ever relationship
a little bit in thank you you're such a
good friend as well I love you
we sail Italy Tony if if we ever broke
up for summer we'd still be friends
obviously depending on the circumstance
bought if it was mutual we'd still be
friends I'd text you look what you up to
go for copy no yeah you've got me for
life okay
she's like okay we gotta start from
beginning though
Oh ways watchig oh you can get really
angry I'm recording to try and capture
the sound this is the only clue you're
getting if you know what this is what
we're watching leave a comment down
below
we have not moved from that couch for
the past like five or six maybe seven
hours watched Harry Potter and the
Philosopher's Stone Chamber of Secrets
it's like two o'clock in the morning now
and I want to continue watching the rest
of the film book there's quite a few I
have to admit we've had a bit of a scare
with Luna balloon er over here she seems
fine and we're gonna be keeping our eye
on the ball earlier on she came over to
me and I was like you okay baby I know
it was something just like here like
fishing my breasts a piece of plastic
that she had but it was like dead thin
plastic I thought it was just caught in
a first bite like tracted like pick it
up but this it was like it was like long
thin like string almost and it was down
her throat and it didn't like snag it
was a whole like this could be like
rocking up on her in size and they had
to pull it like you know I could knife
like that out of a mouth and it was
massive this is it here you can see it's
like this thin string it's like you
might be like oh that's not too big no
it wasn't a ball like imagine that fully
rolled out say it's it's it's absolutely
massive it just kept going and couldn't
come to coming out of her mouth so I was
like I'm so worried about her obviously
like way off the trees or some tinsel
what could it be off for the only thing
that we can see that it could possibly
be off either we can't exactly part of
the thing because we truly don't have a
clue where it came from she just
disappeared and then off you pop but she
seems fine like we think we got it all
out of her she's eaten and still fishing
she seems to be walking around fine and
I'm bit worried and by a bit worried I
mean seriously worried because what you
didn't see in the vlog today is whilst
we were right out what about like
shopping and stuff like that after I saw
my grandma I don't think I even blogged
any of it just because he was like
Christmas last-minute Christmas shopping
but we walked into pets at home to pick
ups to use some food up and as we walked
into pets at home we bumped wouldn't
bump into we walked past like the
section where everyone you know takes
the pets like the vet and stuff and this
poor guy man was crying
he's absolute isaacs he had to get his
dog put down and the dog looked dead
healthy and all that bought honestly
it's the scene this grown man cry but
I've been to put his dog down around
Christmas or me I was I just felt like
Ryan everyone
I looked at him like I was trying not to
like stare but because I just felt for
him so much there's so much sadness and
he's in his face I just I never met the
guy before and I just wait to go over
and give him a hug I was just I saw her
about what like he was there with his
dog and then he walked out without the
dog and just to lead and I just was like
hey I'm so sorry I was like in a bad
place or thing I felt so so sad
so about that emotional sadness of a
seen a guy happen to put a dog down and
now wound a balloon is doing there she's
fast asleep over there yes she's fine
but it's just like now this is up and
I'm just like that spooked sombitch oh
really so I'll keep my eye and I don't
have any advice please let me know
yeah please let me know in the comments
down below appreciate it it is now three
o'clock in the morning so goodnight you
I'm gonna trust you down here with the
tree please do not pull it down oh you
okay you know you're really the best
looking cop ever seen oh my god so many
people go upset that we took them into
the school to show the kids you're like
how do caps are gonna be never better
say you know all those kids tortured and
harassing him don't have to be the same
some people just need to calm the hell
down some people got way too involved
like I love sharing my life is to Bible
people take things way too seriously in
too high with my videos like the whole
like Livia me me being drunk video last
night and all that sort stuff some
people have very strong opinions and I
do value people watching them but nearly
everyone in my life has got a very
laid-back relaxed take on things so when
you think something might be the end of
the world trust me chances are on the on
our end of it it's not you just need to
stop eating pieces of plastic don't eat
a little sausage I don't even know where
you got that from but just to play it
safe I'm gonna take that out the room so
you can keep messing with it okay
he just wants some love don't you little
doggy
little doggy doggy doggy so I'm gonna
call you from now on no it's not
fatty
not no neck
you seem to have a knack nowadays I
don't know how that where that came from
but you don't gonna call you doggy
little doggy doggy doggy and I'm gonna
love you oh thanks chuckle starfish so
much lip okay okay
eww if you're not not well in the
morning I'm taking you straight to the
vets okay much love I don't want you a
little for Christmas I don't want you
willing geminal your bald patch your
little you little bald patches only just
grown back little raccoon tail so I'm
gonna go now guys thank you very much
for watching make sure you leave a like
rate subscribe
I think that he is already in bed so I
need to hurry up before she gets alway
angry at me I was already late to bed
once yesterday let's not be late again
today right but don't forget that sonic
video that I did guys it's honestly
really good like when I say yeah I do
like sponsored videos I do I try and do
like really fun activities all like
stuff that I'll make amazing content for
the vlog and that sonic video that the
producer is really really good the
feedback on it has been amazing like
everyone's so truly stoked of how when
it came out so honestly go check it out
go enjoy link video description if you
do go over once again make sure that I
said yeah I said use it make sure you
cover it say that I said yo so much love
from the vlog and yeah make sure drop a
like rating on it so I'm gonna go now
because uh I need to solve these kitty
cats out before they start ruin my house
and I love you guys see you tomorrow if
you're watching this it'll be Christmas
Eve so I have a very Merry Christmas I
love you all and I saw the name you just
but you your sister was so happily just
chilling out and you just decided to
come and attack her read what do you do
he was suffocating your own sister don't
bumhole yeah I'll stop him get off her
she was relaxed we don't need
little doggies doing that do we no you
just want to relax
you just wanna relax
