Hey I guess I'm back with another vlog
because this is my vlogging channel a
lot of people don't understand what this
channel is a lot of so a lot of comments
today like is this syndicates new
channel why did he delete his other one
and I was like why it's my channel been
banned or something so I went back my
account wasn't mine but a lot of people
are kind of wondering what this is and
I'm just doing some product placement
rice krispie treats go back just in case
and I was like is it I just made by the
way but a look at what and now there's a
monster kind of this is advertisements
every word of it and then I sit like
this you can just see a huge wall of
post or advertisements behind us but
anyway I'm not here to talk about that
today guys I'm here to promote something
else since they're you ever thought what
well I just finished live streaming guys
and unfortunately I didn't have a webcam
on because if you can see my little self
here I stream on this screen through
this PC and through this PC if I'm
streaming on this one I don't have a
webcam connected so all I can stream
doing is microphone and then my gameplay
for me Xbox down there this room is
gonna look so good like when I get back
in January but what I'm here to talk
about today guys is the sinico original
clothing line if you didn't know already
giving you the chance to win an Xbox one
a PlayStation 4 now the way to do this
is if you have purchased a syndicate
charge t-shirt it says syndicate across
the front with original on the side of
it in orange which looks awesome it's in
black green purple which looks really
dope in purple like really really dope
it looks super cool right if you
purchase wearing them you're already
entered into the draw but if you haven't
you have only got until the 5th of
December to be able to enter so what
you're gonna do is you're just going to
purchase the teacher and you
automatically enter and on the 5th will
pick a winner and I'll announce it
whether on that day all I have a however
long it takes us to like just pick a
random winner we'll just do a number
generator and you customize customer ID
and we'll pick it and then that person
gets the chance to win it and yeah well
don't the customer doesn't get the
chance the person who we picked wins the
console so if you haven't done so
already guys and you want to one get the
shirt and then to enter into a
competition to possibly win an Xbox or
Playstation your odds are pretty good
it's like it's not millions of people
buying these shirts so it's not like try
to win the lottery and there's only a
few like maybe even thousand people that
over you know got the shirt but if you
buy one now guys you'll be able to enter
into it but you've got to buy it before
the fifth I'll put a link in the
description to it and I want to say
thank you for all the support on the
clothing line so far it's been amazing
January's gonna bring a lot new cool
stuff to the store like I've got like a
whole new theme coming of style of
clothing and we're gonna focus on some
stuff just for the
ladies as well because there is a big
audience of youlet ladies out there is
like types of female of you out there
which is kind of crazy which I know we
all know is 19.9% male who decided on a
few melted a you know and just decided
click female box instead of male bought
just way to let you guys know because
you've got until the fifth of December
20 L to purchase t-shirts until the
competition ends but you can still buy
them once they're done it's just like a
deal that we're doing to be able to go
hey you want the chance to win it there
you go it's kind of like a bonus if you
buy the shirt and if you just want to
buy the shirt anyway you don't even care
about the consoles you can go ahead and
get one and this one right here this is
I'm sure this might be my favorite shirt
out of all them right now this is the
syndicate riot line but one color is
called one go let me feels ah that feels
it feels so good cuz the shirts really
good quality but it's printed so well
that you can feel like you know it's
obviously sticks off the shirt but like
it feels really really cool and you know
I'm just like actually working out now
I'm joking it's just a it's a good fit
t-shirt so it's really cool but this is
available as well this is my favorite so
if you haven't got one of these if
you've got one of the syndicate shirts
by the way we saw thousands of shirts if
you've got one of these please take a
photo of it right and I'm gonna put in
the description as well want you guys to
do this if you support me and you you
know supporting the clothing likes like
I said the whole point we're doing this
clothing line is because I want great
quality shirts and I want to be able to
walk around see people wearing them and
go it's in black
nice shirt dude and then then be like I
have no idea who you are and I'm like
awesome awesome cuz that's the whole
point that I just want a cool clothing
line which you know I can spread like
really cool designs through and you know
that with help with Evan are over
designers just spread it out and then
use my audience to just be like we have
managed to conquer everything cuz I
wouldn't just be dead cool like you know
I've never been around to see like a
company go from nothing to something you
know just through the power of like
YouTube so hopefully with those guys we
might be able to say syndicate original
inner in a store one day I think that
might be pretty cool if we just walk in
we just see some like old imagine like
an old man like oh this is nice I really
like this any walks I would like a cap
on like nine year old garlic yeah
baller status in a syndicate right light
sure but anyway yeah I just went to sum
up guys just to let you know that it's
still available till the 5th of December
you've got the chance if you've already
bought one you rent it into the
competition if you haven't got one get
one before the fifth Ashley moans Ashley
dad's ask you ever just
ask your own credit card looking in
black do you have enough money on you
can I buy one yes and create and put it
through and get the chance to win it but
don't forget what I was saying if you've
already got a syndicate original shirt
please tweet at at syndicate og and put
a link in description because that's to
the the Twitter page that is run by you
know the clothing company and if you
tweet at them with the picture of you
wearing the shirt or the shirt on top of
your cat's head or whatever you want to
do with it
then they'll retweet it they'll share it
around and they'll show me it and yeah
be pretty awesome so guys thank you very
much for watching don't forget to tweet
in the pictures of you wearing it
because loads of people picking up the
shirts but I'm not a lot of people are
sending me the images and I want to see
them and see you guys rocking the
Syndicates swag that's what we call in
hashtag syndicates why so guys thank you
very much for watching I'm gonna go here
and yeah I'm gonna go play some micro
because I need to record some medicine
so thanks watchin though you guys faces
and videos
