we are going to start this vlog me
spinning in the spinning chair hey guys
this is get here and welcome back
because today I have an awesome noun
sment and I'm wearing my first ever
print of this shirt this is my first
shirt a part of this designer this is
the riot lion and in Burgundy but
welcome to the gaming room this leather
streaming room this is where me and the
chaps are gonna play in the card from
pretty much from now on out just because
it's kind of like if you do it all in
the same room II feel like if you sleep
wake up and streaming game in the same
room it kind of kills you because you're
just like in the same place at all times
but I have an update for you guys and
it's one that you guys have been after
for a long time zombie killer squad a
lot of people been asking for it and
when's it coming out on Android now it
has been out on Android and I did
announce that it was available from the
Amazon App Store but this required you
to have an Amazon account now know what
you guys don't want that in your way
just the standard Google Play one so
it's available from Google Play Store
right now so if you want to download it
guys I'll put a link in description or
if you just want to get it like super
super easy quick then just go into the
Google Play Store insert search Samba
color squad just through how the title
of this video is named just search for
that and you be able to download it on
Android it's a free game it's absolutely
free we got some awesome updates coming
down soon I think the the version that
you guys have got is without the new
improved stuff Android doesn't have it
sorry
iOS doesn't have Eva but when that drops
it's going to be so good you can see my
guy checking out the cars in the
background I may have just dropped some
real life cash to buy 7.5 million in GTA
but I didn't say that okay I didn't say
that but no seriously it is now
available so if you want to go and get
it guys going download it I want you to
screenshot me you download and it put
out my facebook funpage tweet it may
patch tags eks going download it and
tweet me your high scores because I
don't think you can beat me I don't I
may have spent a lot of money on bones
to get me further and mount but I don't
think you can be two hundred thousand I
did get two hundred thousand that's my
high score is like two hundred or 1000
but I don't think you guys can beat me
if you can screenshot it sending me I'll
be impressed I'll retweet it but if you
can Gamla suckers it now joking so guys
zombie killers questions available so if
you want to go and get it don't enjoy
and I'm gonna leave you real quick with
a beautiful look of how to
with a silver stash because ladies and
gentlemen that is how life is done and
so some but us it's my first time
working I'm actually really happy with
it it's kind of nice it's nice it's a
weird call for me but god damn it
