I have to record this because I've just
finished doing my km stripe I did the
video today talking about how the
fucking dog pissed in my room look there
it's drying I've come upstairs
I can smell shit I can smell shit where
is it there's going to be a turd it
stinks in this room it stinks in this
room where is this dog Don the shit this
dog of shit in my room there's a shit in
this room there's a shit somewhere in
this house where is it where is this
there's a dog shit somewhere in this
room it's not in here it's not in his
room the dog shit in my room somewhere
you mother fucking knob no fucking way
look at the size of this shit what the
fuck what the actual fuck what the fuck
this fucking dog is a terrorist you
fucking shit you absolute shit where are
you you fuck you god damn fuck look at
you yeah you know you've done something
wrong know a little shit fucking knob
that fucking terrorist dog it's Tucker I
knew I could smell look at the fucking
side of that thing
hey shit on my fucking desk what the
fuck what does look at the side I'll
give you a scale look at the size of
this shit what the fuck is going on
