hey guys sitting here and we can't see
 way we're driving and that's the
good news and gravy but I don't find to
Las Vegas I just received an email about
the mmm 3,000 women speaking over me but
anyway swiftly moving on to what I was
saying I just got an email about the mmm
freeze Allison now if you don't know
what mmm 3000 was I got the big package
and they bought the box which was gonna
invite down to London I went to London
before I came to Oklahoma down that I
tested like loads of like design
prototypes forgot all about gaming
snacking device okay so I was like okay
you know it's a free trip I get poppin
for a really nice hotel for two days
which is awesome free experience it's
gonna be a lot of fun so I was like
again
so another London did that experience it
165 stitcher I'm going to throw you out
this window right here you can't you
can't see anything cuz it's like 5:45 in
the morning I mean Kaelyn decided it's
good to go and have a road trip to Las
Vegas but anyway I got the email saying
that they have decided on what the
device is gonna be now often think of
like the man who put you in the tits
she's done okay so all the people I
think he's gonna be like something that
flies in fires food and tea bath or
something but what did he sign it on is
a helmet it's gonna be a gaming helmet
so if you were sort of who designed a
gaming helmet you've got the high
chances or what any one of them swag bag
things cuz he was like one of the most
popular designs I think there was 3,000
gaming helping food snacking device is
created so there's a wall obviously was
the it was the most you know convenient
you know so it was a fiery food so if it
missed you it's like all over the places
in Japan so yeah can't even saw the
video when we tested it all and all but
just you didn't see that our profile
link in the description to it is pretty
crazy so go check that out but it's been
decided that's gonna be a helmet the mmm
3,000 game
helmet and yeah I don't really feel
excited yeah I don't know what the you
know the prototype that actually is but
you can't see in the video about tested
a lot of different ones so it might be
like a mix of ideas from all over which
is pretty cool but like I said if I know
anymore further development of the
elementary girls and then I will be sure
to let you know other than that we're
heading to Vegas which is going to be
awesome and yeah I guess I'll speak to
you guys when I get back
guys the silicon thanks watching and bye
goodbye now
