this is Joe he's a magician you just
blew my mind I wanted to get on camera
to show you a trick so let's do it okay
so what we're gonna do is keep the cards
that we're just we did part quick yeah I
set my fingers this is gonna sound
ridiculous but the cards are now
invisible
I know but and all you have to do is
this Tiki card oh I know it seems silly
all right it got it HD okay I'm gonna
flip all the cards thing stuff hot way
here is the only facedown card over the
back okay now I know that seems
ridiculous like but really this is the
exact same deck of cards do you remember
what your card was yeah okay before I
open it so you know I don't cheat for
the first time out loud what was the
name of your nine of diamonds in - yeah
oh my god that was like a guy's a
magician Twitter what's your Twitter yes
Joseph Ram Jos you pH are e hm
I'll put it in the description
