ah this was supposed to be daily why no
daily because things were happening with
their details behind this channel at the
moment so can I just had to stop because
I didn't know if I could upload or I
couldn't upload anymore what's this
channel I could've done on the main
channel but I don't know I kind of like
this my blogging channel so what's up
rose we're at plus Rosalie I never call
you browse to it when did I turn into
pooty-poo
robust yeah just someone sent me that
last night the insert brofist here sort
of thing but anyway I am here and if you
didn't see on Twitter which I'm sure
you've most of you did because you all
follow me on Twitter
I bought these ice broke the box Pokemon
cards now I don't play pokemon I never
play pokemon in my life and I never got
how to play pokemon i wish i could play
pokemon but I'm more of a person who's
interested in the I'm like the person
who reads the book and then goes I
really just like images so I prefer like
pop-up books and stuff I bought anyway I
decided I wanted to we did this when was
the last time we did this like before
Christmas we did this last I mean Kate
did this last time before Christmas and
this time I decided that I'm gonna do it
the proper way because last time I
bought this big these big boxes okay and
the big boxes came with these packets
which had set cards in them so and I
actually knew exactly what I was gonna
get they were starting decks in my black
Tom how do you know all this I basically
read the information on the back of the
box today while stirring Walmart and so
basically all the clouds that had we're
set so what I'm gonna do is I bought one
of each of the new style packs ok so but
I bought like 10 of them okay so these
are awesome I don't know what they all
do and these little different ones this
one and if someone's like what you'll do
them afterwards sharpies I'm gonna sign
them I don't know how many cards is
gonna be here but I'm actually gonna do
is if you send me a YouTube message with
your address and name an information
obviously I'll probably like I'll fill
out like a form of how you should send
me your information and
from below I'm gonna go to the post
office and I'm gonna send every single
one of these cards signed with sharpies
in different colors to anyone who wants
to signs think of me same syndicate
maybe like a little drawing something
that makes any sense but yeah so I've
said that on Twitter in everyone's like
you know I freaking love one of them so
hey why not I'm probably going to spend
like five hundred dollars sending people
sad pokemon cards which is just
absolutely great and the cats being
stupid I'm sorry this one the first one
I'm gonna bucks is dark explorers that's
what it's called black pokemon black and
white duck explores
I should do this like nerd voice I can't
get hit in it you'll have to use a key
for this alright so the first pack we
get we're going to emboss it
this is cats just Oh get off the cat's
like I'll unbox it with my tooth
all right so can you see that the couch
yeah you like in your inside the couch
so I'm gonna box this first one and
we're gonna see what we can get because
the Pokemon have changed since back in
the day I've got a shiny oh my god I
don't know if it's any good so someone's
got to tell me if you play pokemon but
okay I got em I got sure I got I got a
minim mmm
oh good a carob last hmm I got a scraggy
which just looks weird and I got this
one looks good I got a lava stir
I got a timber I got an an Ultra Ball I
got a keg or X which is a shiny boss
which is cool Ultra Ball a chatot a good
a rare candy and then I got I got an
online thing so it's this online
training game unlocked online booster
pack one anyone plays it and they want
an online booster pack one download this
now
they got us enough time so here is my
first set of chords this is actually
gonna take a long time I think this took
like 11 minutes last time but let's hope
my battery life lasts that long so the
next one we're gonna unlock is black and
white again but this one's called
dragons X and lated
Caitlyn 1 Charizard I don't know oh this
will not have it cuz this ones dragons
excellent so let's find out ok stop
there and suspense now over I'm not I'm
gonna get charged these are the old
school cards look if I got Magikarp
that's an old-school Pokemon I got I got
I got it I got it
gibble I got it at temple I got a DD I
know I got a Phoebus
I got a palm I got drifblim
Oh wasn't this off a Pokemon game but
pokemon sapphire to play pokemon
sapphire I'm sure that was a Pokemon you
can get because they're cold look in the
top in his evolved Asian well I used to
call that I had him forever and this was
like my best Pokemon and I called him
rock yeah there's a story I never played
the Pokemon card here and these are the
old school set cards because I know
these are like these are the old ones
that I recognize right and then I got a
cascoon
I remember that that Pokemon and then I
got a both and so you say it oh yeah a
Bulbul bouffalant I got a bouffalant
yeah Buffalo something and then if you
want the booster pack card to unlock
there you go tada
so if I don't actually plays it then
again there's your second card
no cherries that was supposed to be a
dragon pack I can get one freaking
dragon
I got fit I got two fish two weirdos
there's my shiny I got a palm don't
forget we're a sign in all of these I
think this is gonna be my best one to
give away you might be that way it's
just that I actually use that one on
pokemon sapphire but the next one it's
gonna be black and white boundaries
crossed trading card what's the plate
Pokemon I miss that Pokemon like because
people play a Magic the Gathering
and like they actually some people just
buy the packs ten ten packs at once
these really expensive ones and then
they'll go through minutes sell all the
cards and eBay all right though oh my
good pickup all I know like do me good
let me just move these cats I got it but
I must oppose I got rare candy Rick nd
hey guys got poker ball I get really
crap Pokemon a piggy oh no a tea pig
I got an app a trap I got Venipede okay
I just got really excited all that
oh okay some game cool yeah I got
trainer switch the neighbors gonna come
over and black you okay I got his
Toxicroak a pet Lulu yes he's just
I went bright red right right no one
turned that into a gift please everyone
always does that they puts it on my
Facebook page and I got a muumuu no and
then I got a hernia which looks like a
really bad dog with rabies
you mad oh my god I can't even got
Chapman do that's so sick
yes soon as that fight didn't play
pokemon listen if you if you were an old
school kid I'm 19 years old okay if
you're the old school kid you'd know who
Charmander is you know who Charizard is
come on the troika don't you why you
know who he is if you around my age
I wish Pokemon was still like in and
popular but fit fun story like at my
high school swimming but someone once
made fun of someone who played Pokemon I
know how to go with that person sounds
like if they want to play something and
it's a game you have no opinion in what
they do but it's like people who say oh
if you play that runescape I'll well the
Warcraft year you know it changed you to
person it's like no please just do you
want to play a game piss off
alright so this one I got oh I didn't
read what the pack was sorry okay so
this one's really cool is it done well
it's one of these okay so this one is a
platinum supreme victors pack old yeah
more the trucker look at this got like
it came we threw it came with this one
came with that one and it came with this
one it looks like this one's getting
poked in the butthole as well I've got B
quicks I think my vibe actually my bi
we've got Dunsparce we've got uh I know
this one I Paul picks yeah I know that
that's that's the one yeah a skunk tank
at our coal all know at our coal at our
cold a ship it and well this one looks
sick I got a Mauri Mauri
well this one looks sick a tour a tour
terror looks like a tank doors been it
yeah got trainer
I got a cartoon all it ever is a
character I can't pronounce that I got a
life herb
yeah so I didn't get anything good in
that pack so disappointing we didn't
didn't get Charizard yeah after saying
if you can still get cherry you my bro I
got a shorty Pikachu
holy it was just under my foot the
Pope that all the cards slip down I got
I got a shiny Pikachu Oh
I got jelly jelly bros yeah look at them
I'm gonna do more of these pack opening
people why what what's the point there
is no point I don't use them all I'm
gonna do is give away the cards it's
gonna take you forever today but yes if
I'm right next pack this is the with a
badass thing on the front all right so I
got an A
Chimchar got a Chimchar I got a Remora
da I got Grimer old-school Pokemon get
gamma I got a Diggler old-school Pokemon
I got I got to the same one this is
bullcrap
yes dude loot Poochyena and then got a
shiny Poochyena that sucks
and I oh I did actually get that boss
one I think this might be a good card I
got the Palkia I got the grotto I got
the pretty pulp and I go oh seviper
drama the survivor I've only watched
like a few Pokemon cartoons as a kid and
said iPad was one of them
yeah team Rock team rocket thing what
about do-good this dyes are fun we have
to do this in two separate videos I'm
sorry okay so next up we got the the
supreme Victor's won again it's the last
one out the scene three Victor's pack
this was like a ten dollar pack liver
one just five dollars I don't know I
just got one of the missing the one I
got an A
Chimchar oh I got pokey Pikachu
non-shiny Donnell
I got a cart fish core or the trucker
got Mudkip mother drunk Oh God zoo
bought stadium
pretty crap and then I got a camera and
I don't want this means there this is
where I started to think Pokemon had
gone downhill when it had this little
image to the side of it and it says SP
next where I don't know means I got a
dream fib a star via and a
a browser aide rose no rose raid which
looks like a very very yeah good Pokemon
so that's that pack now I'm gonna move
on to the final pack it's all completed
in one video quick okay okay so this
pack is the black and white emerging
powers alone
this comes with three unit as well oh
wait comes we oh got spare card
okay I got an extra card I got a
scraggly shiny so gum all on my scraggy
that's where I'm at I got this shiny
Pikachu from being in between the packs
I just didn't notice I don't think
alright so we got a stone pick a tin pot
we've already gotten an acidosis a/c
Wordle a gullet a dino shiny that's
pretty cool and a golurk a simile
scimitar a flute Russell and a
platycodon bonus Cowpat for anyone who
wants it online they go take it take it
take it take it take it take it gun they
can just pause the video next one is
emerging powers one I just open a
different one it's the same time style
okay so this one we got a drill burr
drill bar a pan sage a mini co a cotton
a something a pidove I got a drill berth
shiny thing we just got my so anyway I
got a swoop up I've got a great bar I
got a goth or attea really weird and I
got a bulldog
