okay it would you beautiful feed my
friend feed they're awaiting oh don't
worry enough I'm not chasing around I
need to do a simple thing simple not
simple I need you to get in your carry
case I don't know where it is I don't
know where you put it
I don't know what you're doing with it
but I need you to get in it because
we're going on a trip phones it all
right get this Norden is this message I
really I like to do it I need you tuck
it in the bog supposed to be ready wait
on the bog come on get in the bog get in
the bog no that's already in the bog
well that's presently wasn't that
difficult right gum gum gum gum oh my
god you heavy fat bastard's not too bad
of a day in England a little bit of fog
rolling in but oh my god my cat sir what
are you doing what does that face about
my cats are so confused - first of all
the chase in the windscreen wipers and
secondly they've never been in the
defender before well just for your comp
didn't Syd come to comfort comfort and
enjoyment I'm gonna put on a heated seat
so you bought him is nice and toasty oh
my god I don't even think you know I
don't think you know what you're in for
mate I really don't I really don't think
you know what you're in for
the cat they've already seen you he
already escaped by the way he just pure
and simple screamed and escaped so
alright no jump now Batgirl and let's
put back in the bag
hi talk about anticipation these cats oh
I already like this they're gonna go
into the circle of people just you guys
been expecting the cats
you gotta be you gotta be nice they're
gonna be so scared what are you doing
this is Luna guarantee I guarantee he
pees in the corner I guarantee it
Cassidy's like I'm not a baby whyever
being held like a baby okay babe okay
yeah we're not going to sit Iquitos
let's stop that oh my gosh this looks
like a t-shirt design I told you about
my defender like sounding like it's
pissing air out of someone I just don't
understand it so wrong without being
like hey daddy drove my passenger seat
so if you jump in there if you try and
locate where the sound is and stuff he
was like he was like I can't do it right
now I'm like why he's like my fuel line
on my car is completely caught in these
there's diesel all inside his engine so
but that's cars broke down I think mine
might be breaking down so all falling
apart you like look apart night I played
it right I played I played now
officially 298 hours on battle
I don't play or enum put G right I've
only had seven wins I've played for
tonight seven times I've already win for
now it looks like shit
Pub G is well bar four nights just
easier
end of story not Darlie good to have a
good fun water in the road there I
wonder why you water in roads you can't
follow I do this oh shit that Tony I've
been kicking it there we've told you my
dad talking for ages that I kind of
forgot that yeah let the cats in the car
Oh God are you okay you look pretty
chilled out to be honest I guess you
must be stressing out because you can't
actually see the cars going past you can
just hear them he's okay he's okay
okay I'm gonna give you these I've got
gum gum gum gum that was a big well just
kick that tart eyes down that's the real
toys look at the size of it it's bigger
than a brick hello dad's house hello my
friend hello my prune scary
dad I've got a sec can I just give you a
compliment right now yeah seriously look
at me look at me right now I'm so proud
of the doves that you've raised over up
with these years yeah that's some
good-looking dumb zone that pigeons are
Fink I'm looking small I'm lacking fresh
or black air 18 that's literate let me
just show you my wardrobe real quick all
I wear apart from the white dress is
just black black black black black black
black black black black colors I dunno
why I just don't like wearing like a big
bright red top or a bright blue top
something better put a black with a bit
of Wyatt a bit but a bit black with a
bit of blue a bit of white sure colors
nursery I'm watching cook ball a
monotone mother trucker he down hit the
road jack cuz we going out tonight
Jack
down Manchester we gonna get so drunk
now let remind you drinking is not big
and it's not clever but when you're an
adult and you get to go out drinking
with your own family in this case my dad
it's awesome so that's what we're doing
is giving lots of last it's gonna be
lots of insults but you know what
oh yeah but what come to my house what
would leaves in but main point of the
drinking hydration alcohol dehydration
so what you need to do stay hydrated in
between your drinks if you want to be
sensible if you want to be smile drink
water in between your drinks that's not
to say I've already had a drink already
that just means I'm starting this day
properly so it's vodka oh yeah yes buted
so you eat and I'm walking through this
no no no oh whoa
massive floppy shit I'm male wait wait
wait let me reiterate this a male
brothel I've not also been in a male
brothel but if I was to guess what I'm a
brothel smell like it would be you which
at one point is nice but overwhelming
and I'll come running to see you again
and winter spring summer or fall all you
gotta do is call and now there is three
yes there is three we got a table I
don't know what that was yeah people
living center I'm gonna tell you what
that is
I live in G cross not high and poor
there's just things in the hike that I
just never know who would know existed
that's all are you ready to get your ass
kicked at bowling I'm gonna fuckin swoop
the floor with you I'm gonna clean the
floor I'm gonna clean the ceiling I mean
we're gonna make you clean my dad's ass
that's how much I'm gonna kick your ass
what are you saying Tommy Tommy
oh shut up Kendall no one likes you yeah
you think Tom's in the house now it's
over a few Jager bombs yeah Tom devil in
the house
all these seats we could have chosen
we're sat next to each other a lot of
this
yes please
look at that look at that all right
we've made it to Manchester and here is
the size of my ticket I have my ticket
because they never want to check my
ticket no yes no okay
are you unlike your six bit already yeah
right your alcoholic as you shit where
you show whisky best dress tonight if I
would if I was weep in that way I would
take you home and first stop be lounge
right more wine - oh yeah beer tastes
well nice after a cheer we go this is
how our night begins is on listing
Jeunesse club seven dirt Oh
Manchester oh yeah I was going to say I
don't think they did that my choice I
think over the years of neglect it grew
a small garden on top of it I have no oh
why how are you still here you're
supposed to be doing Christmas shopping
and his girlfriend's already sold out
mate I bumped into these guys ages ago
legends hello my friend yeah I'm gonna
go now bye
whoo look at yourselves now these guys
are amazing oh they're too far away for
me to give a tip to
are you ready to alter buddy hello I do
I like this run I'm too social a social
club yeah okay my name's well flowers me
him and Tom who's secretly hiding behind
cuz he smoked cigarettes naughty boy I
mean this looks busy
oh my god but we're going inside to
Alchemist where the Illuminati is
confirmed that's wrong shit
well hardly warm way thank you I have my
dog Rex ribbit he said well you know
that's why I'm wife's wearing down his
shirt you wear that to the PI mighty
Izzie but your watchman nah dude she's
gonna look the best high five man nice
listen your name is Chris four one three
this isn't your phone numbers it is
Becky hey seven three six Jesus made its
owner can I change its rename delete
it's nice and convenient and you're full
of shit but I think I've done you one
better
I've changed his twitter name right now
to Chris off roads no that's a fucking
bus for ya oh god you know that's a real
business unique you've got no numbers in
it it means something because you do
mountain bike he knows off-roading
and you make youtube videos off-roading
so it's you Chris if you wanna follow
him Chris off roads that's so sick wait
wait where'd you get that Cobra
would you buy it from Tony where's your
like home from yeah run fucking count of
it well kill that's it really does go
and my god Becky Everson the light
Christmas markets tarragon even believe
attorney gay Tony can you believe it get
any gay Tony give me a twirl Gay Tony
give me a twirl
oh my god get Tony hey gay tony it's
okay by the way just for the record I'm
gonna call you gay tony forever so
that's what you're known as on my vlogs
hey go Tony
okay Tony he's gone bright red from
everywhere apart from his air hole is
range both Stefano night is read through
barbecue the six bays and ponies bar
don't is bad hey gay Tony Tony
holy smokes the Sun the spirit and the
holy cow
yeah look alive it smells Jesus Reds in
the holy meat Bible right whoa let there
be drinks wait this is not even a menu
this is a drink menu and that's where
you should go
okay my friend oh okay my friend
okay Tony just to capture the moment
Tom's dying for a nominal cigarette you
know you know slowly it's on it doesn't
smell he's okay he's drunk
right barbecue Trey's burgers and state
attributes
sugar bacon oh that is taste
Tony I taste like this
I would find a way of searching it if
that's how you taste
I'm loving it Jesus look at this what is
this burn endless I go slim brisket and
burnt ends and jalapenos this is an
onion ring Oh Tony would you like this
Wow it's a fucking onion ring I mean I
don't even like onion rings but oh my
what God I'm gonna try that
don't doing this wrong have you ever
seen an onion ring back there you've got
the same as me mac and cheese no comment
for Ken donates again I'll take that
what kind of steak Kansas st. Jude state
under stress he's nice man oh you go
salute me yeah they should help the
option only good I'd say okay this suit
is that a piece of toast
Wow just look at that that's wrong in it
lovely long time just become time I come
chief okay
are you feeling cool no I never - it's
cool for food ready for a beer
people toasty money I feeling you
outside this right now I'm so fucking
bull I'm a shit myself I'll throw on the
way to vote just straight up through an
IR right now I may throw up look at how
much food is in this building
okay Tony okay Tony don't you know Gay
Tony it just broke the bike Jesus I got
the uncovering oh okay Tony donut
Tony you brought the alarm my friend Gay
Tony lock up buck of it alright can the
sense of an ounce me do you know what I
saw I saw I saw this coming
it took it took 24 years but I saw I saw
this coming
Tony thanks for breaking the news Ken
what do you know what time is it it's
about six yeah quite surprised it is
Kenny's litter than it city right
pennies Kenny's later than today what's
up place over there wait can you kiss me
on camera just for the record Tony's not
actually gay but I'm gay for Tony does
that mean you're gay
because I love Tony and Tony woo
one way or another we're gonna end up in
there tonight I stole your line but yes
City Police Headquarters never when
closed please use the beetle Street
entrance walk we're going where oh we're
going inside okay my dad found a tiki
bar we're going inside thank God I need
a massive shit oh no shit no shit I
think a major shipment
fuck up inside yeah the mysterious hava
barbecuin either shit calm situation
bloody hell that food was amazing but i
went outside and took a fart i need a
shit so mad i run into a nearby
restaurant yeah sorry for all the ladies
who watch this are men as well it's
really rude book I lost all the guys cuz
that he needs to run to a nearby
restaurant but nonetheless they said
walk down the road look out the street
and you'll find a bar that says all
sports on it and I said ok and guess
what I found all Sky Sports so let's try
and get inside this bar to find the boys
wait Santa Claus is there or are they
are they are they kiss him kiss him kiss
him
No
like guys remember John is like why is
this old guy poking me in the back so
over there there's every movement
leaders yesterday we like to drink
because Kandy's of it away we drink we
can we take Italian eight seven six
but oh shit there's more people hit okay
and and and sing
I don't know how should I find out the
way it did book Ken and you don't trying
to pick B mouse up with his teeth did
pick a mouse no no no no ken ken did it
did pick B mounts up with his teeth and
I split me pumps
I've got hold Viper he liked it like me
okay I'm goes Grammys are like I when we
drift with grey and me takes it down in
your foot brain oscillate like a bowling
time you last night I saw yes you guys
ready you're going down you're going
down you're going down going down easy
mode
like an old-fashioned bro this is the
nicest cooked I've ever had in my life
try it what was his reaction what
well that's a 90 cocktail I love reading
email life imagine if I just said that
five seconds a little more believable if
it is zero this mirror would be has come
completely followed to the cocktail bar
my dad got the boot
don't um don't get that is a girly drink
but how good does it taste how good a
day
that's a good surprise how cool is that
right
very nice
good good I'm not sure this drink all
day like six a leg
eliminating just all of it this guy Luke
you say oh my god Luke safe wait where's
your drink
my mind my mind stop me on the bar drink
you lubricate Oh some tense for me oh
god damn it man
she's so manly when you go beat Sumanth
I don't know I like to start out I
didn't choose she wife shoe I chose me
that's it
I fuck you it's okay
here we see my duck Tang attempting
demolish strike the evil stone template
is trying let's see what
Oh mother no father
No
it's okay he tried you tried you fail
what a small world
living the weirdest of circumstances
boxes I just happened to bump into my
ex-girlfriend sister going on this plane
and we're both on this plane
no I swear this person long before
that's my ex-girlfriend system I'm like
what's the video it's just like any
weird how life just once out of ice we
could have gone out anywhere tonight
we could have gone to and intrabar
should have not gone bowing the Lord
told this all happened is like life like
trumpet said in yesterday's I bumped
into my sister what are the chances
about me the more I think about it the
more and more I think life in the
simulation
I'm on an Elan most side of things life
is a simulation there's small things
that happen I know I sound really doing
right now but small things that happen
it's all I go in today like oh that's
team trees but it seems like it could
happen then
oh no that really happened so as long as
it is they need to just seem to plan out
the way you kind of hope something spun
out
yeah drunk jojoba the same time water
chances will be moving it's my sister
I've always wore the chance of a
affiliates
my ex-girlfriend sister
why whoops and weird and mysterious way
my phone is gonna die this is my friend
my friends
I have no idea where the Sun goes from
there but we're going to the revolution
to Cuba okay bye hey we see Gay Tony
Chris and Ken having a moment touching
one another in places that they
shouldn't but you know what they did it
you like it you like it I like it so you
know what leave them to it
my name is Tom syndicate Austin arrived
at Tom this is the last Voyager episode
thank you for watching make sure to LIKE
and subscribe and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
the last you'll see of us is walking
into revolution to keep it if you don't
see me again tomorrow we died in there
okay much look guys much love
I love the fact that we went we went to
go into revolution to khiva tonight but
as we went to walk in the bouncers like
no no no no one's coming in we were like
why not they were just like no one's
coming in everyone apparently is way too
drunk so straight-up fine respect it but
luckily they let me and I got to go and
say hello to be Olivia's sister and
she's like dancing tonight I'm in a good
time but they would not let it listen in
this light is but I've got to go and
sail to be everything's cool I've now
got to try and find my dad and all the
lads not even got clue where they are I
couldn't even make them up just try and
find out where they are look I'm glad
for the first time like ever every like
every time I'm out and I hope that he's
like oh go and see a little to be she's
dancing you know she's dancing there she
like dances at a club 20 say me what's
coming and I'm just like I can because I
don't know whether she is or I'm not out
sort of thing but it is real is so no
more lies
who said a love its prey
this place holy shit
there's like
mm big one
what the fuck is going on my friend what
is going on my friend my friend my
friend my friend oh my god this is
insane
I need to end this book now
this is
so what I'm gonna do is say thanks for
watching make sure you leave a like
rating subscribe take on occasion bell
and as you guys tomorrow at 6 p.m. daily
bo-chun so until that moose myself what
Jane I saw I saw a star ha
there's nothing else
I want to say someone stole a keg but it
rolled down into my door months
definitely not hot
oh shit Lydia's in the house he was
about to get a fucking taxi home and it
was gonna cost him like 45 quid
so my God why is no one to fucking every
that I know is nicked it please I don't
know is it all you gotta do is go come
come we trying to convince my cats do I
actually do have a key to gay no now you
tell this now you say this yes they
solve this whole time I had to keep yeah
go go go go go go live live here is
literally like get the fuck out of my
house it's my house she's give you like
get the fuck out of my house I'm gonna
listen Mike no no one even expected you
tonight so you just fuck
no no don't 3 bucket does that left
ladies asleep in bed my wife is asleep
all right yeah yeah sure you know
hate to say but I think perfect outside
contact oh it was I swear I tried like
softly yeah just for the record I did
say watch out to the wide be careful
punt that left eye contact oh that's all
I was basically we've got fucked up go
to bed
lit up no go to bed go to bed I'm in the
bad books go to bed aren't contact
contact why you even drinking my right
beaner that's the more reason why I'm
annoyed
Hey yes not nice the weirdest thing that
I have to take from tonight is the fact
that one no what no what is that ken is
somehow okay honestly my dad somehow I
can't wait to find out the story
tomorrow but Dallas super broke his fist
fell over on a walk home and rather than
get a taxi like he said he was going to
we your home quicker than my own dad and
he's broke he's fast but more
importantly how the fuck did I found
this guy my brother
ha how do we bump into him how do we
even find him no no no no I'm gonna bed
now okay you guys drink a little bit
much love okay yeah okay yeah you guys
okay it's okay
no no no no I have no idea how I found
these guys look I have no idea how about
my but nonetheless I'm gonna go now so
no no no no don't even open the favor
no don't open the famous ending here is
this wrong I found made it me don't you
ever it literally says the famous singer
anyway I don't know I don't know though
Lydia drove home just now oh she's going
to my dolls so we'll find out won't we
heard how this so thanks for watching
make sure you leave a like and subscribe
yep that Bell and if you don't want to
see a depressing tree like this yeah
just leave more like greens because
because trees will not exist but anyway
every better I don't even know how he's
here all my brother's here I don't even
know how this night panned out but
nonetheless I've been the bad books with
Lydia because apparently I was supposed
to bring her home McDonald's I fucking
forgot like I dude I have no idea what I
was supposed to bring her home I didn't
bring you home I didn't bring you home
so I have no idea what she asked for
I have no idea how it was supposed to be
in her possession
I fucked up one way or another my name
is Jones much love sorry I know I really
go ha ha
