do you want me to fight you do you want
me to fight you
I'll do it yes I'm wearing a hat yes
because my hair is not spotted top I'll
fight you shhh it's like there's only
ten for you I think I can talk maybe a
maybe my build stop I'm bringing you an
update to let you know that this is my
new Saab look at it
smog it's coming soon I'm gonna do a
proper video about it and it's gonna be
simple I just keep it like this is it
it's done just wait
it's crazy I'm gonna talk now why not
and there's my award look at it probably
nothing
so cool I know guys I just wanted to do
a video because I was just looking at
the Seneca Central and something that
should blew my mind was a that when I go
to about on the page
I just realized one eight hundred and
sixty thousand subscribers on that
channel how crazy is that that's a lot
of lucky people it's like a real lot of
people I didn't with the new YouTube
updates you don't really see how many
subscribers you have that like that easy
anymore so when I saw that I was like
holy crap that's a lot of people but and
what I'm doing right now is I just got
back I went out for a meal with family I
was playing I was lying about feel for
before and I decide I'm gonna do they'll
try and sell my new black magic in my my
computer so I couldn't dream some GTA
even some battlefield console I don't
good play I've been streaming in ultra
oh my gosh it's amazing I'm gonna try
and watch the the extreme video back
just because it was that good but like
seriously
seriously seriously it's amazing up in
streamit so if you don't follow me on
Twitch make sure you follow me so just
for such silica well I just want to let
you guys know that a lot of people been
asking from some certain countries about
the syndicate was that I gotta say
something about the syndicate charge
t-shirts that came out on syndicate
original that they can't buy them
because the blocked in certain countries
I'm sorry but that's because of like
some scam or something from a certain
country so if you do actually wanna buy
one I'm trying to work it out book for
anyone else where you can still purchase
them syndicate original comm you can buy
all the shirts depending on what country
you're from I think it's like the
Netherlands and maybe Germany that's
blocked but everyone else is available
but I this is a really weird video
because I try to do a video you want to
see the hair look what is that it looks
so geeky hey is why I was having spiked
up look at it it's so flat so what's the
deal lights me I've been flat hair but
this this looks a bit too like nerdy so
I have to have it like a bit of shit
what the fuck I look like some like
World War two warrior or something like
okay Dec n but yeah I just wanted to say
that I'm gonna try and stream maybe
tonight I might extreme so battlefield
but I'll have to be quiet everyone
really be able to talk but I will indeed
try and play some video games tonight so
fuckin so I'm a black magic I'll do GTA
but if account other ghosts if I can
other battlefield I'm gonna go to cell
battery now so I'm gonna go this was a
really weird video and we're gonna call
this a whisper vlog oh you guys can come
up with a name what is my head
it takes a dip blue alfalfa it takes a
new style each time watch
that fuck it all day but I want you to
leave a video as to what the title this
should have been called and what it is
