so it's a cold winter's day the pyro
Toshi's is greatest peak and right now
guys I'm on the building side I decided
I was going to ride upon my motorbike
stall caught cold a lot so I think a
really weird word to use but everyone's
asking for an update and I was like
showing some pictures but here's an
update of the house it's pretty crazy a
lot has changed since we've been lost
been here and today is a no spiky-haired
I decided against it but I'm going to
give you a tour of the house so far
that's the big big ass front door it's
actually gonna be a small table to me a
glass window but a lot of people ask for
some updates so that's what we're going
to do hope I'm not going to sleep
because it's a little bit icicle in the
UK my porno - it's just rocking like the
mothertrucker today so right now you're
in the garage that was the garage and
now we're in my kitchen so I don't know
ever you've actually seen this second
floor I can think about this now I think
I jumped into it I was doing a vlog but
like look at it that's my garden herb
this is this is my kitchen and this it
like doesn't give you do it just this
I'm gonna coop with the GoPro I think
and do like a like a first-person no
head mount like give you a tour of what
everything is but this is it's my house
like it's progressive like crazy look
there's the insulation going in soon or
going in
just like the balcony thing outside to
walk on there's the outside which just
looks beautiful which is crazy
the biggest thing I'll show you is
upstairs because that's just absolutely
nuts big goddamn window here gonna have
a big big sofa TV on the wall here
chilling out
but yeah I'm back in the UK I do have a
cook I have some sort of cold that's
just been lingering down for like a week
and it's not it's not destroy because I
might fighting it like a bottom I am
taking a lot of tablets - to counter it
as well but I'm it's just like it it's
my nose think I don't
it's like destroying my local cards
because I keep shouting open my go
cheering and a getting drunk last night
I went to a fire I came back to UK for a
firework display that my best friend
invited me to and thanks to Johnny from
details or develop develop and for
invite me and I went there met like 20
fans last night I didn't expect that was
in the middle of nowhere little village
why
can we get drunk and watch fireworks I
was like alright that sounds like fun
and went there's a bunch of fans and
they were awesome I was talking to Paul
Knight talk about video games what I do
and all that stuff and then like I just
got drawn with them which was great you
know I complain that's that's something
I'm walking around the same floor I
should just go downstairs and show you
everything else but I just love being
here like it's in a stage now like
before it was like I didn't really want
to cook to site a lot because it was
like there was nothing to look at it was
it was just a hole in the ground and it
was a good was a cool hole in the ground
but now that is walls going up and stuff
is this is gonna be like my home for the
rest of my life so I'm like super stoked
about it like this is like I said this
is the garage I don't know I'm gonna put
the auger I'm thinking I'm gonna
honestly have a huge collection of
motorbikes I was think about this today
I'm not a car guy
I would love a fucking Bugatti array and
huge collection of cars just like your
room because I've got but I've never
grown up to be like I need a car like 20
years old down I don't have a driver's
license I've got a mobile bank license
instead I just loved the feeling of
being able to just nip off somewhere
dead quick and I know you can do in a
cab or motorbikes it's fucking awesome
like I just literally threw this on and
I flew for long you feel the wind
against you it feels awesome so I was
like you could just put the window down
in the girl but hey we're not having an
argument about it just not big on cars
but god damn it the newer that
Lamborghini I posted on Twitter today
look so good alright this is the garage
and they'll be like a doorway that leads
outside to the to the balcony it's not
balcony it's like a porch whatever
because it'll go around I'll show you
what what about see this ledge here that
ledge there is going to continue around
there but this down here is puddle thing
that's the pool so the pool has to have
a building built around it because you
know it's an indoor pool that's got to
be built up to like not high and then
yeah and then you'd be able to walk on
that along along the way and so the
pools actually almost full which is
going on as you can see we'll go down in
a minute look at it but it's really
muddy I don't I don't have my boots and
ours the side cabin key sort of boot I'm
not going to try and get in that thing
that's a fucking fortress
okay you'd buy one of them and live in
it as a house than the best alright so
this is the house you can see it slow
down it's like I'm pretty high up
compared
tada we're gonna rip a load of this land
out and then one fool can't see me land
scale and stuff of landscape if they go
but where we're gonna go now is up this
ladder you ready for this but I
guarantee I drop you guarantee I drop
you shit I should have a help I'm really
high visible no one else's on site and
it's my goddamn sorry I do what I want
don't I don't like whoa stop there you
go so this is the next biggest
improvement ever about to see the best
thing about the house one I can almost
touch the tree from here look at it
get up just grab the big tree at the
front but the best thing about this is
the view at the back and I've grown up
my entire life my dad used to take
walking hiking it's tough what Leto's
for that just look at that view look at
it and I was always up great tree dad
but now you appreciate when you're older
but anyway this is the top floor no it's
not gonna be all one one four four
bedrooms three bathrooms right two three
on Suites and like one big main bathroom
for took the two others or whatever to
tide but anyway this is going to be my
bedroom from like from this wall here
all the way to here big bed pimpon
pimpon demos fucking mad bitches buddy
like this is the best fit look at the
size of this window forward to ceiling
window and look at the size of it look
at this one we get closer look at that
view I get to wake up and look at every
morning out of my bedroom window it's
gonna be awesome
I can't wait but then even better my dad
was saying he's gonna take this room for
his if we go down here so this is like
the corner bedroom as well and the view
from this one's probably better you can
see you can see from here all of
Manchester there's the Hilton Hotel
down in Manchester you can see
Manchester Airport over there you can
see some sort of new killer factory over
there so we're not expose I'll get a
good view of that and you don't get a
great view of the garden I can see
bastards pigeons and stuff and sheep
fighting I'm gonna pull out my gun shoot
them from here
like boom collateral pigeon and sheep
come come ah cat even collateral may go
I said I already said the word look at
it it's pretty much I just go to like
sit up here look out the window see
everyone partying down there but no shop
it's up but it's just dead nice and
peaceful it's really nice and peaceful I
don't love it over I can't wait for it
to be done just gonna have no parties
and it just gonna be like my home like
if you can invest in anything like I do
so much traveling I do this and I meet
so many people but the other day I was
with my brothers and I went to solve a
woman the same day and just everything I
saw all my family and I was a my sister
and you so happy everyone was and being
together I was just like God I miss this
you know getting everyone together where
there's no like arguing or bullshit a
real drama like I hate drama and that's
why I stress to you guys just like make
the most of just having fun in life and
there is bullshit between family very it
put it under the rug and you find cuz me
and Dad if we have problems movie dad
well fistfight will get i angry to the
point of one enough each other out get
out my alcohol that shit bought then
today we always come I'm gonna fall
through this floor in a vlog on we
always come back to the point of just
being like listen do we want to hold the
grudge each other for the rest of our
lives like some people do it's like no
right let's just get along okay day like
next day be fun you know we just we get
it out the way there's no point like
holding back on things but okay I really
need to do the it just gives you no
concept I think we need to do the thing
where I I put the phone down somewhere
again we get a scale of how big the
area's run we get brick I like doing
long blogs on this channel even though
it's I should only do sure oh this is
going to be tech this is a terrible idea
this is a terrible idea this is
definitely an iPhone 5 smash video oh
this is so bad there's a huge gap that
you're gonna fall down oh my god don't
please don't
if I do this I'm gonna be alright
they're trying to get a scale of you
don't go anyway if you fall I'm gonna be
so mad at you yeah you heard me
cool
can you even see me I don't know if you
can see me well this is this here's a
bedroom with this would know that's a
bedroom hallway in the middle a big
bathroom here like you know two sinks
two toilets everything but shared
bedroom there hallway here big glass
window wall there going up higher
epic glass glass floor there to walk on
so probably cat have many fat people in
my house no offense but your father in
my glass book I don't know how much
weight you can bear so I don't know how
we're going to do that well I mentioned
it to my dad that I really wanted a
glass wall and down stair so when he
walked him through the glass front wall
when you walked in through that I had
switch glass floor so you could flick
the floor and it go from being you know
like opaque to see through and then it's
like well people think like the Falls
disappeared and like the panic like a
Pied cup flick it and all but then you
know made the point of what you know
when we didn't come around to the pies
and ah you know they don't want people
looking at the fucking skirts and stuff
so I was told I understood that and
there's not gonna be a modes of people
walk into my bedroom so I can have a
glass floor go into my bedroom seal my
room my house do I want so yeah so
there's that so I'm having like a cool
glass floor then this will walk into my
bedroom
big big bedroom another ensuite bathroom
with bath in there for me yeah that what
a window there and it should be pretty
cool I'm pretty stoked for it it's gonna
be good the roof goes on to have the
roof on by Christmas that'll be pretty
cool to drop you you didn't follow
you're proud of you I don't know if you
could even see me the entire time
I really don't we'll see when I upload
it look at my hair coming I'm just like
I'm a mess I should just do this I got
such a scraggy haircut I just need to
get it taken care I'm supposed to do it
in the States but never got around to it
Oh we'll just do a quick last thing go
and look at the pool before we done but
guys my pcs come in the UK it's like I
can't wait like I don't have a PC in the
state show which I should do I'll Holly
when I get back so I'm staying like when
I go back to states and maybe well in a
week I'll have a PC within two weeks so
that's gonna be good so I'll be able to
start making videos but I was just
streaming battlefield 4 on ultra
so good it's so fucking good that game
is just like sex it's a sexual video
game so we're gonna go down it real
quick this is such a bad idea it's so
Moody oh fuck I'm gonna fall I'm gonna
fall I'm definitely get a father yeah
the scale of this thing is phenomenal
when we were last here we saw how big it
was and I was like wow look at how big
it is now it's just growing it's just
growing growing this is the best way to
give you a scale for it this is the best
watch this let me see if we can put my
phone there look at this if I can put my
phone here it scares me when I will take
this oh no I don't need to be further
away when I need to put you on huh oh my
god that was so dumb
look at the size of a footprint in that
on there odd yet um I don't know why I'm
doing this as long as whatever you're
going to say if you fall in the mud you
fuck don't do that
Tom what you do it just show them okay
look there you go I really need to like
climb up there are these ladders I can
do this yes right let's see where I can
put you before you wear on more bricks
and more bricks and more bricks
I put you in can you see no because he's
that anyway ha here we go I should
totally edited the whole part this
channel is the poor guy just be like all
the fails included doom right you ready
watch this this will give you really
good
I feel like it
oh yeah this motherfucker
you're invited that's the cool that's my
house I'll show you the pool in a second
now just go get down it's actually
really high not a one
om like fireman poles be rocks and slide
down my just built I might do it why not
hopefully you could see me thing good
all right and then the last bit of the
tour this like 15 minute video of what
it's going to be is let Paul do pool it
is this is the pool didn't Paul yeah we
had the biggest pool we could get and
because I like swimming and the pool is
not like Olympic size cuz you can't have
that what I got installed is a wave
machine no not one that's like wave so
it's a constant stream it's like a jet
really of war so you see where that wood
is on the wall there yeah what that does
is a lava machine on it and I press the
speed I want
it's got like dual speeds and it just
pushes water ease I'm pushing water it
it'll push you from there to the end of
the pool so you can swim against it so
it's like a continuous endless pool
because I wanted like every day I want
to train and train a train I'll be so
fit just from that and I love swimming
like I hate having to go all the way
down to the pool like locally or you
know go to sea or whatever but here I'll
be in my office I can do go for a swim
chill out in the hot tub that's like
it's like it's like a swimming hot to
look like it's like a hot tub is like
this you swim and then you swim round
into the hot tub there so it's cool now
you can get out and there's like the
sauna over there I don't know what that
is I really have no idea what lies there
it seems like a gap for something I have
to ask my dad it's my house I have no
idea what that is all this is just like
like all the day plumbing and stuff for
it and yeah and then they'll be like at
the end of it they'll be like an outside
jacuzzi here
I like at the edge of something for
outdoor use which would be pretty cool
but that's it guys um do want to share
this with you just to be like I am I am
really missing interaction with you guys
like even on Twitter my I've been in the
States in like I have more UK followers
on Twitter so I can when I'm in the UK
I'm like what's up dudes I got so many
people talking to men I replied to you
and it's interaction and stuff but then
now I'm in the now oh what's it called
now I'm on YouTube again like in the UK
I'm there like try to talk to you guys
and they changed the comment and you I
cannot read what you guys are saying
because half of its marked as spam which
is good but and the rest of it is all
this more hidden spam like Oh Tommy you
should really check at all like your
youtube name to check out this video of
Rihanna and naked with her tits out no
Chloe virus you know spam ones we've
like million thumbs up our top rate
it'll thread or whatever and it's just
like fuck it's just so YouTube's fucked
so I don't know how I'm going to keep
keeping talked with replying to my fans
ur self I have no idea that's why I love
YouTube how did YouTube for fucking like
money whore in my face off I'd be like
20 million videos a day doing this but
like I do videos when I feel like it
like I go like date some youtubers like
Tom why don't you upload every day I'm
like what right so because I enjoy it
but fuck what if I'm not in the mood to
make a video it's gonna be a fake video
and people can tell like I make videos
because I enjoy it like I always have
done I'm really ill but like that's
that's just guess how I roll that's how
I roll homie but yeah I just I like
making videos guys and I do you know I
like when I was on my college course
because I had a computer for me all the
time and YouTube wasn't banned and when
I started um hi clown dude but boom
represent and I used to spend all my day
one side um a word replying to comments
every inbox every comment and all that
sort of stuff but now
it's just impossible I reply to like
honestly per video maybe about a hundred
comments and it's all within like the
first hour of the video being honest and
then like when you go back and look at
them in the after that it's all spam
every honor and fucking check out this
website for free games and stuff so if
we can monitor it guys that'd be great
but if we count the fucking bad bitches
and take name but oh me in the house I'm
going to go next this has been long and
I know no one's watch this if you watch
this I want you to say the syndicate
Castle is epic and then write a
paragraph why and I'll try and see if I
can read it because guess what I
probably won't be able to because it's
done but guess what I love you true I'm
not going to knock you down and if I do
you'll find me 22 grand thanks goddamn
tree oh you saw a tree would be worth
that much money you're only wood huh
you're basically paper shots fired
there you go right I'm going I just did
a really good mood today I'm little bit
I guess but it's cuz I'm fluey I'm gonna
go I love you guys a speech you there
