well maybe we will talk about that but
anyway guys hello and welcome to another
blog around with these guys I'm with
tema this is he's back in the house I'm
with I'm with Jesse I know here's he
also came he did this to try to raise
ten thousand dollars no I'm a little him
look at him this I don't know it doesnt
sit your spin your sexual spin oh yeah
look at that you should say on stream if
you go through sharing let's see where I
cut it down and it looks good it does
you break down like a trip that is
awesome okay it was it was for the kids
never got this guy I always love Asian
so you got my own individual asian with
me now Mulligan we go ahead she stated
look at this guy this fucking oh that
felt with that fight wit I never got
Griswold he's our mascot shot yeah he's
a curiously fucking people go with us
for every color Jewish spirit that we I
just wish the F ghosts I know what you
think of comes yeah you can just burped
to my throw this up to take a fucking
hate it but yeah I can hope for a walk
and talk now but yeah this is the stream
room the setting up for the race when do
you stop maro maro tomorrow what time
and one final Civic time one can notice
that bridge 10 9 8 hours all fits in
there they're so organized when this is
going live when was i am 90mm where can
you watch it twitch lefty be / the race
Oh WWE race jump on TV there you go okay
are you gonna help you guys I set you up
but anyway there you go so that's them
guys unfortunately I'm not like fully in
the race because I'm not gonna be here
for the entire of its jobs like we're
not gonna really take part but I will be
streaming and I'll tweet out from that
so that's the whole twitter things
bought in new news my setups been raped
i look at it half my stuff's come
because half of it wasn't even mine it
was all t mind so because t miles back
we're using all the stuff a downstairs
in like my cable management is just
awful and everything and you know what
things just it shit just hit the fan
basically like almost of semester I I
got back from half I went to hard fest
yesterday it was crazy i'm not gonna be
22 i'm going but basically hard fest is
just a music festival was like going
like hard in the paint and we went there
and I was doing this like
that everything only got some everyone
this is its lot like I'm not even
kidding you took you did a tutorial on
it and how'd you dance at these start
places and I picked over in like five
seconds of like oh this is literally a
thing so i went there and i go in there
today as well you'll see me on instagram
posted i look like i'm wearing makeup
because i am look at a fucking eyeliner
on what the hell is that about i got
eyeliner on because the tailor did all
awesome face like face paint and you'll
see on a on the twitters that's that's
the truth and then look at this bow ties
are fucking cool I go where this again
today and something like is a dead
Mexican or something like that that's a
weird way of talking about it well
that's the truth but on the terms of
announcements and stuff I got some stuff
going on guys I ever officially got a
tumblr I do indeed have one but thinking
about getting one for a while but I
don't know how to use it so I'm a bit of
a noob I've just connected my Instagram
to insta fire some like oh it actually
works no and I don't know how to hook up
to might wear anything but anyway it's
Tom dash syndicate so Tom and then the
middle dash like that's like in the
middle of the non underscore dash
syndicate tumblr com and you can follow
me on there I don't know the point of it
like I know his gifs and stuff but I
don't know what you do I'm just I'm just
a noob I'm just an urban America who
doesn't know he's doing wearing half the
side of half my face looks different i
swear i caught like half sort of my face
all that half of its town and a half of
its not now so i'm gonna like paint this
other face today and just have one like
makeup died but yeah I've got to Humble
guys so go and follow me there show me
some love I want to see what you guys
can do extend all that people can do
gifts and stuff so standing the video
post it on there if it's anything funny
I'll be sure to check out and that'll be
awesome this is a team iron set up in
here look how cool is it in like the
washroom which is absolutely crazy and
then in here is just my mess of a setup
so I've got to get tired yet but guys
make sure you show me some love on the
tumblr seen if you guys are on tumblr
let me know and leave some comments or
leave some comments as to like what I
should do on tumblr and if you've got a
tumblr account leave some names and give
me a bit of a description of what you
post on there and hey ok I might even
give you a follow sound cool i'll see
you guys there so check me out on top
will it'll be a link in description and
much love to your guys faces a dios te
