so it's time for another date of life
let's go for it
Donna you've got a trade how's your trip
going galactic would eject it more hey
Ted got this bad boy in the mail hook
we're gonna have a sexual voice from now
on I decided like I'm sick of my blue
Yeti and I'm gonna pin things out with
this bad boy so hopefully it's kind of
sounding audio pod no time for any
breakfast I am waiting for my uber to
arrive because I'm going to the dentist
to get a root canal finished so that
always sounds like fun then I get back
I'm gonna put away the dishes
and now time for a crown I'm drinking
some sorta like naked alright so I'm
done another if you can see anything Bob
got my cramp on I'm about to go home now
so let's do this
uber driver confirmed in on route 1
middle way to do this whilst um wait
until my cabs and then play my game
fuck yeah I just got in through the door
and my package is here hopefully this is
what I think it is because I can step
blasting these tunes now I just couldn't
open bought gonna be like a it's an
unboxing video haha I'm an unboxing
video let's get inside it please be it
please be it this has to be it every
waiting for this for so long oh yeah
buddy look at this thing
what you want here look at it this is
awesome
Oh
hey Rachel
hey what's this Chris hey what's this
what's this what's this I got it for you
since I'm gone goodbye goodbye he's like
I got my toy and I am out of here
this is mine and the sod said long head
sleeper bosses need notify what are you
doing dear factors dude there's a tough
dude your toes come on dude the beatbox
arrived
come on can you hear it can you hear it
Kenya yeah but yi-yi-yi wake up dude
wake up yeah
does he like it clearly like he's having
a ball look at the Jo oh yeah
I'm having a beautiful electrician come
for the win this is work oh it works
sweet time to unbox this bad boy W
totally coming like I'm wrecking my look
at the dog well so travel boxes the dogs
like I'm totally just getting there
finish it this is this is my jam do this
do the size of that thing look at it I
look like I'm gonna look like a proper
like radio talk-show host of something
does this come off then I don't wanna
break it I'm probably just slide it on
top of that one I should probably read
the instruction before a break it don't
you try and steal that I know Europe
let's do that don't lie to I know you
can I know your kind look I think it
blends in with you yeah it's exact M :
racist wait no that wasn't a racist
comment now it's not racing what does
that even mean Tom totally didn't think
about that it's just the skin colour and
the food colour yeah that was toneri
this is supposed to be a two-way
relationship dog if you eat any of this
I'm gonna have to eat you okay
it's just it's just the way nature is
and I'm sorry about the whole racism
thing sorry
alright so now because you got a new
microphone it's not just a simple USB
it's this this plug if you can even see
what that is and that's called an XLR
and in XLR doesn't necessarily hook
straight into a PC so what I do is I'm
going to use
it's an XLR USB adapter this is it
that's what yeah what this does is this
or Borg into this directly like that
or you can have like an extension from
this to this and then goes to USB 3
that's USB port you basically put that
in like that I don't know how I'm
supposed to secure it or whatever but a
plugs in like that and then oh yeah hey
Bret oh you've been good Oh like a
little little magic in it supposed to
put in there but it seems like it comes
straight out the adaptor so I probably
need a cable to go to this probably back
I'm assuming well hey this is what you
need and then we forgot it like this you
can instead go up now and try to test
all the audio quality just try and get
it perfect like I'm installing some like
some settings to try and just get a
pinpoint in here a little bit of
background noise so I've got to adjust
some settings don't really have a clue
what I'm doing but I think it's all
about trial and error and breaking it so
why the hell not let's try and see if we
can get the conf√≠a installation
complete and up and running all right so
I'm live streaming real quick just as
you can see it is my live stream setup
with the new microphone and all these
guys in the chat look at them all there
they are they can see their names look
at this filming a day in the life and I
just dropped some frames that I don't
want to go around it's probably just cuz
it's so extremely lucky and I don't know
we'll try and get things so I anyway I'm
just telling these guys that I'm doing a
day-in-the-life and they all just got a
little bit excited I'm doing a
microphone test on the stream to see
what people say so yeah pretty cool you
guys in that you guys in the stream will
see this as a video so this is like
Inception right there you can see me
from in a video filming a video
whoa and now right now because it's my
day in our life I decided I'd catch up
with family and see what she's up to
and she being in India and she's not
even connecting the microphone I yeah
yes food
this is like the most dumb person in the
world because she couldn't even like
change her Skype microphone to be able
to talk to me and that is a big wall of
the export now I have to go downstairs
listen to the Wawa base of the Dre peas
under every damn pitch
we're gonna just bring my sister now so
let's do this see now I've root now I've
resorted to facetiming because she's
such a spaz and doesn't know how to use
friggin Skype that's what my sister's
like she's the worst
what are you doing Robbie Robbie what
you doing look at him there is oh my god
it's so blurry
you're so blurry the stream are you know
oh my gosh yeah
dude damn man damn it's right there come
on FaceTime Isis Devils the world's
gonna see your nipples rubbish the
world's ready for them nipples I'm sure
of it I'm sure they've seen them already
by the way I got in the hydrogen goggle
yes pickle when the weather is so nice
today so silly like perfect weather and
I've got an internet retard of a sister
Oh check what Robbie's got I've got an
oculus rift for 3d pawn ah hey rabbit
I'm gonna film your nuts I'm gonna ah
damn chocolate milk is just so good ah
look at this foods I'm leaving you a
voice message because you you don't
reply to the MS you know mmm a little
pistachios
I'm just sat here casually leaving you a
voice mail a video but now cuz we're in
2013 and guess what I'm eating
pistachios cuz guess why you know and
did you know dildos alright so I'm just
busy at Scott still and look who I've
got say hello Luke oh I don't know this
this guy's like this guy's a good guy
this is I'm a friend this is this see
this is what inspires me this is why I
want a beard
this guy's got like there's me up there
look at this look at this beard and look
at this bum flop and look at this beard
and I look at this piece of crap like
hopefully one day I'll be able to have a
masculine beard like that but only one
day so for the moment I've just been on
that
grind of not actually grinding up making
videos I've just been showing about
watching some videos I just watched Jack
and Fitz bucket-list video and I tell
you what I've been wanting to go
skydiving for a long time and I feel
like it's time for me to get ebooks and
get it done but because I've just been
to the dentist
it wasn't advised in case of climbing my
face together when I jump out of a plane
and like they cut my crown comes up so
I've got another thing delaying me from
scaling but hopefully I'm gonna get it
done and it's going to be absolutely
awesome so we'll see if it happens but
the rest of the day I'm not too sure
what's fun yet hopefully we go up some
food and head down to the beach maybe
that's a pretty cool book we'll find out
no jaywalking the streets of LA
that shit's illegal as cruise instead
I'm in no rush
I'll go on the back it's not be fun
let's try and see if we can find the
back back entrance
whoo yeah made it yeah fucking love that
thing it's cool
there ain't nothing better than a few
birds lemonade and I am getting one of
the tasty things there is an hour how
cool is this in LA these weapons just
growing on trees outdoors that's
absolutely crazy I think that one's out
assume cell you never know
have to sway my ass up all the way off
on that skateboard I'm back it's time to
go man some dad's kick some ass
good like packages for people we have so
many boxes delivered to this house it's
unreal but in those video games I come
in Ravi's room tomorrow battlefield 4
and he's dressed like a yeah like a mini
Yoda
well I took no not a mini under a Toyota
but thanks Robert
I appreciate the ow I totally just
walked into the door no I'm a shoulder
blade there we go you can hear him
playing League but I borrowed some bf4
because I'm gonna play I'm gonna get my
jam on I'm gonna own some noobs I can't
see anything right now so yeah I'm gonna
stream this for two hours on YouTube so
you guys to probably see that I always
play new games on YouTube just cuz I
like doing that and then a I play
afterwards in the future just on a
Twitter some class so I guess I'll see
you guys then butchering of video games
nowadays is that the all commit huge
install like GTA came with the 7 gig
install battlefield 4 come to the to get
you but it's still so you don't have an
Xbox or you have an xbox arcade like
console not gonna get you very fast so
I'm just doing really is dying this bad
boy hopefully it's gonna be good so i'm
a streamer and hoping to kick some asses
and probably range a lot so sounds good
pretty rusty see alright so I'm done
streaming I scream for almost two hours
and I've got like headset hair we call
in the gaming industry and I'm full of
it and it's time to go and chill out for
a bit I've played for a while you know
what it was fun I liked it I enjoyed it
you know it was a it was a good amount
of time I stream for I'm doing some
classic Donuts now some American fighter
style Donuts and yeah I'm just gonna
chill out see what the guys are up to
and yeah we'll see where we're gonna go
from here but a battlefield fun was
actually a lot of fun I just call it
battlefield fun immense a battlefield
fun was actually a lot of fun I loved
all destructibility and stuff and I
realized the small maps I only played
about six maps until also I've got so
many more to check out so many more
unlocks so hopefully we're gonna see how
this stuff goes down in the future but
until then we will conquer our playing
the video games in life I like crane
down motherfuckers playing backfield now
not me he's decided to take on the road
playing the games of the battlefield
cause he's not doing very well they're
gonna be like why was he in a Jedi robe
all day do you have a reason though tell
them or tell them why showers okay
that's not a reason it's like tell us
why pretty much it
so Taylor Robbie's missus madam
just got back from work and just
screamed at me she's got me present so
I'm just casually waiting here with the
Jedi to find out what my present is this
is the weirdest reality so this is like
the anticipation is killing me so I'm
gonna sit on the ball instead the yoga
ball I wonder what she said I've gotta
wear it so I'm assuming because we're
going to go to hard fest Day of the Dead
because we go into that I'm assuming
she's got me like so something to do
with the outfit I've gotta wear that day
so it should pretty york somewhere it
going we're like scale scale and make
fun stuff what is it it's a thrift store
vest here you go
heck yeah yeah I don't know what you can
hold that yeah it's gonna look like a
chipmunk from Alvin and the Chipmunks is
just mom it might be too small wonder if
they like a white tee well I want to get
do you don't have anybody nothing like
smells like pop cold definitely if
you're in store that's my grandma's bro
nice blood oh shit Nick check the check
the cloth ah really good no you gotta do
this right nothing you just gonna be
like super head should be like pump up a
bit before you go out like yeah yeah
yeah okay look so white yeah good that
serious face you got on go ahead put it
oh yeah that's a good idea
ooh who's hurting any pop how many wet
no way oh that was Winnie how to look
good
yep Oh yep you don't really have to you
know look put your butt out more so you
could see the shirt better that's how
that works
I do be cool
I'm not too sure well Simon where she's
making all my I need a button you mean a
button up I need to get your red button
up we're putting this in the wash
tonight uh yeah yeah here's some hipster
ass ravers you're like making outfits
and doing makeup I'm so excited I bought
more makeup an excited this is how this
is how Tom this is how I live Thank You
Dean I mean I like trying new things and
trying these naked drinks which are all
like mushy stuff of look it's it's
apples and it's Brooke it's apples
broccoli Kiwi pineapple and lime this
sounds like that what you won't be able
to see me this sounds like the worst
combination ever but I'm going to try
and drink one every day I had the orange
among one today on stream and it was
good well I'm not gonna lie it's like
half 12 I've been up for quite a while
but not really except to go to the
dentist and get my crown done but but a
late night I'm gonna kick back now I'm
gonna chill out get my laptop I'm gonna
watch some videos on YouTube and this
guy's going to bed this is I'm gonna
call it day wasn't a crazy day but I
thought I'd kind of do this just for a
second channel to show you guys like
just a kind of daily thing it's kind of
been average of what I did you know play
some video games maybe stream and I go
to the shop and just chill out but
hopefully tomorrow I'm going to the
corner on browser show which is really
cool but I don't think you're allowed to
film because you know the area for
episodes and stuff so if I can
that'd be great I'll share with you guys
but partially I'm gonna call today then
quit and I love your faces I guess I'll
see you guys next time thank you for
watching I'll see you guys then I do
