all right so I guess today is gonna be
the day I'm going to do a vlog the porno
Tosh has grown the sun's blinding me and
yeah yesterday has been a shit day the
reason why I'm talk about yesterday for
those who don't know is that we lost a
great youtuber and personally a great
friend Joey slayer an awesome zombies
player a great commentator father of two
unfortunately passed away yesterday his
car his truck got hit by a train with
two of his friends and unfortunately all
three of them were apparently killed on
impact with the tree and I don't know
all the details as to like what went
down like apparently they might have
been alcohol involved and that sort of
stuff or whatever but we don't know they
could have been alcohol in the car they
could have had one drink
it could have been anything you know
like I'm not jumping to any conclusions
or pointing fingers or anything like
that like some people are doing but yeah
man I woke up yesterday and I did not
get much sleep and my phone was going
off all night and I was like why the
hell is it like beeping beeping beeping
and it turns out the reason why is
because everyone was trying time with
that yo had passed away unfortunately a
good friend that I I never had the
pleasure of me and I would have loved to
have met yo he seemed like such a great
guy
always happy we kind of shame that
shared the same personality of you know
don't let things keep you down just be
uh positive about it and you know stay
happy in life and that's how yo it was
you know like I said he was a father of
two he's got two young kids I don't know
how old they are but they are young then
they're gonna now grow up without a dad
in the life which is no one should ever
have to do that you know so it's really
really shitty and I've just been
thinking about like I didn't except I
haven't rushed to make a video yesterday
and people will give him a shit for it
like can't believe you didn't do a rest
in peace' video whatever and it's like
listen I take my time to do what I need
to do and you know everyone else can do
their thing because it yesterday was
just so weird because one of the biggest
things and I mentioned this yesterday at
a live stream but one of the biggest
things that just like threw me like when
I got told us okay you'll passed away is
like holy fuck that's real and then it's
like you know you could go through tweet
and you can see these videos and like
it's tweet story on these videos you can
go through pasties
trees like he's never gone but like he's
actually gone in like he's Skyped with
still online so he's like his Scout was
like online and says hello on it you
know like so it's like he's still with
us but he's not he's gone you know and
that's why I wish I would have met him
before like he would gone like met a
person like that would've been amazing
well just like one of the craziest
things that threw me completely
yesterday and I'm not gonna lie got me
really upset and I I don't know why this
was what made me upset but me and yoke
Slayer were like back when zombies was
blowing up on YouTube me and him were
like the two biggest zombie guys the
were and like that's that's a fact
and the biggest thing that we did was
train zombies I don't know whether it's
karma or coincidence or life being a
bitch
but me and Yowie trained that's what we
did we rape trained zombies you know he
did the Yowie train or the slayer train
and then the way he goes out is by a
train that's what threw me yesterday
that's what i wanted to talk about
because like that's weird that's really
weird and i know it's like there's no
coincidence wrapping it could happen
with anything you could mention like oh
i'm gonna do an air killing zombies or
whatever in like you could die from
suffocation but like it was so weird and
it freaked me out yesterday like that
really freaked me out there's not much
that freaks me out like that but when i
put them two and two together and it
clicked and I was just like man we were
The Rape trainers that's what we did and
then it hit me that like fuck you got
that's what took him out of life
this sucks it really does I fucking just
been talking about with a lot of people
yesterday about what's going on and all
that shit and you know you would never
ever want anyone to be sad if you passed
away like I know that guy he would just
be like so happy and upbeat and you know
like telling you it's all alright and
stuff like that and you know like I
didn't play all the time with him but I
would play zombies I would Skype or I
stuff like that so it's just weird to
know that that guy is going to be gone
in he's such great personnel and then
you go back and watch his videos and he
was just like such a great guy you know
so it's just like fuck it then he just
put me back in the the headset of like
so the mindset of like my grandma passed
away I was in the same room with my
grandma where after she'd passed away
and it was just me and her in the room
and there wasn't her anymore she was
gone
life moves on life does and I've learned
that I've learned that and that that
Rumi when my grandma passed away but
it's put me in the mindset of like this
is life life happens you born you die
you give birth they die life could be a
bitch but that's why you've just got to
have as much fun as possible and just go
for it and not be mopey and I know I
shouldn't even be like this I should be
like super happy not being but like you
know what yo you're in a better place
man you have a good time you train them
zombies up in heaven you play that
borderline shit you probably you
probably a character in your dreams in
heaven playing Borderlands in your
dreams creating your own guns up there
and stuff like that because you know
what yo you you were a great guy and I
wish you all the best brother but hey
life took its toll and this is where I
decided it was going to go but if
there's anything I want to try and say
from this is that yoke's got two sons
and I don't know what is X like you had
an ex-wife I don't know like what she
does like work-wise but yo was really
looking after his boys I always
treatments like new stuff like games and
stuff I and they loved it and they did a
Minecraft series together and the
passion he had for gaming was crazy
so I know like predictable Nover and
stuff like that they're all like trial
I think secure like a package to give to
the boys you know like to give the best
condolences and stuff like that but I'm
going to try and we mentioned it as well
but I'm going to try and speak with the
guys at gearbox through some contact
and see if there's if they would ever
ever consider making yo like an MPC or a
character or an easter egg or a weapon
or something like that just to like kind
of remember him by because that was his
jammy was the biggest it was the biggest
Borderlands to play there was you know
like everyone went to him for all that
sort of stuff and guys awesome so
unfortunately he's gone
you know he's left behind a great trail
of Awesomeness like his videos are
amazing he's a great guy and I think
that's what's good about being doing
YouTube that that piece of you is there
like back in the day if you died you
were gone you didn't have a trail of
internet history or like stuff like that
you had pictures and videos it may be
but it wasn't shared for people to
access that one at the most and when
they want it so we can do that so I was
watching back a lot of zombie videos
from me in him and go we had a fun time
he was a great guy and you know yeah
kind of weird kind of weird still can't
get my head around the trend think I
really can
I think it's ever going to be the same
again folks train him I think it's just
disrespectful now I really do like I was
playing GTA last night and I was driving
along there was like a train track to
say I mean I was just like I don't wanna
play this game I want to get off it I
don't want to see that but you can't
hold up your life and put things on
pause and stop things just because an
incident happened but then again it's
respectful life is a balancing act
that's fuckin crazy
I'm sorry I'm going deep guys so I'm
probably going to go but I just wanted
to I didn't want to talk about this
today I just want to do a normal vlog
but I need to get off my chest I can't
go over the trains thing I can't it's
fucking weird
it's just weird but anyway I'm going to
go guys I hope you like check out yo
stuff and just just fold /e oats later
on YouTube and just just see what an
awesome guy he was you'll straightway
you'll be like fucking love this guy if
you haven't heard of him before you were
like why didn't I hear from him sooner
you know that sort of thing there's a
great guy and I hope you can appreciate
that too so yo brother look after
yourself
like I think we're going to try and
organize something for you
boys if anything what would be amazing
is to like do a charity stream or
something where we could like raise some
money for I don't know say a charity
stream that's just cheap I want to say
like we do a stream to raise money for
his kids for like school in or whatever
and then all we do is we play zombies
and then we play Borderlands or even if
we just play Borderlands like we try and
complete the game and we just stream
like for however many days it takes your
stream and stream stream and raise that
money and then like get it row up so
like this money will go to the kids when
they're 18 or something are going
starting school so you know gives them a
bit of a kick in life and you know to
know people are looking out from you
know I know they've got family and stuff
looking out from but like so they know
like the people of what you'll brought
together are thinking about them so I
think that'd be might cool so if you can
speak to some people and get that
organizer we did like a playthrough of
Borderlands 2 and did a charity stream
but it's not a charity it's not cherry
it's just helping out two boys who
haven't got father anymore
it's pretty shit
he's magic if you'll ask my dad I don't
know I'm gonna go guys um if I do find
any more details about if we are going
to do this dream thing there's something
I'll let you know
but until then have a good run in life
you never know when it's just gonna have
you switch flipped and that's it it's
off no more life it's gone but that's
where you make most of you guys you know
stay positive I will try and do the same
and I guess I'll see you guys later
till next time see you soon buddy
