all right so I guess this is technically
a very late vlog for today because they
usually do them like 6 p.m. in the UK
but I've just had a shower I've woke up
you can see other black things on the
wall behind me but I have got to just
talk about this guys and as you guys
know a zombie killer squad the iPhone
game that's free coming out was supposed
to be like the 27th to the 29th of this
month has been delayed and it's game
postponed till November so I'm sorry
about that a lot of people have been
stoked about like if you didn't know I
was actually working like a it's like an
infinite ruining zombie killing game and
which was free of you guys to enjoy and
try and get high scores and beat each
other and just have fun basically but
unfortunately has been delayed I found
out last night so I'm really good about
that so I apologize but what's next in
the works right now is I had a
brainstorming session on my own in a car
last night about making my own zombie
game now I know you guys have been like
do it do it do it do it do it make your
own zombie game and I've been thinking
about it for a long time now up until
recently it's never been like a real
possibility but you can actually do this
now one it takes a studio and a team
touch to make the game and then two it
takes a lot of money and a lot of people
and one I found the well the studio only
people should have been together really
one I found like the studio that can
make the game and have the people who
are capable of doing it and to it comes
to financially now I'm not buying
anything just yet like hey I'm doing a
Kickstarter or I'm doing this or I'm
doing like a live for your aunt
Marilyn's try and raise money to build
the game or anything like none of that
stuff just yet like possibly down the
line or maybe I don't even have to do
that at all that would be great if we
didn't have to do it if I could find
investors to invest in the game but
basically I came up with an awesome idea
for a zombie game now what you do it for
a long time and I have been inspired by
so many different zombie games
themselves like mainly card use dummies
and then like get rise in and then like
a lot of other games that aren't even
zombie games to inspire reach to what I
want farmers on the game and I've kind
of after all these years of like try
nailed a like what I want what people
want in a game like the replayability
the the ability to I upgrade and change
you change it and play through it again
and play through again in a different
style or different using different
methods that start of stuff and I feel
like I can't
I've
cracked it I feel like I have I feel
like this could be a really fun thing to
do and it could be amazingly enjoyable
for everyone and obviously it's gonna
take me a while to finalize all the fine
details but the more and more I'm
thinking about this the more and more
I'm going into detail of about a bit
about like how did the zombies get here
like how did this and like the law
behind it the background behind it and
I'm going deeper and deeper in the more
deeper and deeper I go into this like
the more ideas I have about it so it's
just like it's just crazy like this is
this is mad like it's coming it's coming
together like I've got a book somewhere
where I write down like all my ideas of
like you know like something to do with
zombies or a zombie weapon or a zombie
game boy I know you need that because if
you work on my youtube channel in the
past I used to make so many videos you
talked about making zombie weapons or
making zombie things or zombie games or
zombie maps cuz that's all my channel
wasn't I was hugely inspired by it but
now I'm like I could do this this is a
this is something sorry my computer just
turned on this is a possum don't worry
this is not my B's computer by the way
so that's why there's been no Minecraft
videos this is like this is a
possibility I could genuinely have a
beast mode of a game like that I brought
out with a studio like working together
for you guys and probably one of them
I'm thinking about it and all like
stressed nurse I think it could be one
of the best zombie games there is I'm
serious about that I think this game
could be absolutely outright like
amazing and cool and you guys would want
more and more and more and it could be
like a lore behind it and like Easter
eggs kind of like you know inspired by
all games like you know GTA it's got all
like the alien Easter eggs zombies it's
got like you know the zombie Easter eggs
and where it came from and all that but
like more of it like a solid storyline
so that's what I've been thinking at the
moment and I'm just like I'm stoked
because I think honestly guys I could
possibly do this so I want to hear your
guys thoughts and I also put like a like
just like I'm a bug in your ear about
like possibly kickstart in it or
something like that now don't know what
the cost of it is and prepare to get
your mind blown okay but I've been
working with some people like looking at
a game of how much that cost them to
build and what the game actually is and
that cost them 1.2 million dollars to
build
so they've built I think they built the
game from scratch now if I was working
with these people but I want to work
with
wouldn't have to build again from
scratch so won't it my not cost that
much money as much money but for the
idea of what I want I am aiming big for
this game like big so we're talking
about 1.2 to 1.5 million dollars which I
don't think anyone's ever kicked that in
a game as a youtuber and raised that
much money now I know like Toby Turner
raised a hundred thousand for an iPhone
and mobile game and like Smosh raised
two hundred fifty thousand for their
game but it's like it seem like it's
struggle and I don't want to jump into
something like I'm doing a good people
this sort of thing and not have anything
solid so like what I'd love to do is
like find investors to get the game made
and like half-made and I'm black guys
this is it is actually thing it's gonna
be real and then if everyone was like
fuck this game it's awesome like the
gaming community shared around them
possibly fuck it could go huge because
it would be a really fun game like I'm
not gonna make a game that I think is
shitty and I'm not supporting like this
game would be fucking awesome and I
notice how I'm not saying anything about
the game I am keeping stumped about this
I'm telling all of the people I need to
tell and friends just because like I
think it's a solid game mode like not
even a game mode it's a solid game and I
am stoked for it so let me know what you
think and would you trust me with
directing and creating a zombie game to
be awesome for you guys and that I could
drive for other community and change if
needed upgrade if needed add new things
if needed that saw stuff so let me know
my thoughts of it possibly being out
would be like I'd want it mainly on PC
just cuz then he said I think it's free
to pass on free to upgrade and add stuff
to it if you're like Steam and stuff
like that and then possibly in the
future put it on consoles or something
like that with but with a whole
different genre to it or something like
that but I think I've been really cool
guys but anyway that's my idea I hope
you kind of like the idea of it if you
did please feel to leave a like rating
let me know in the comments and I know
I'll give you know know aspect of what
it's about because it's really good it's
really good
like I've brainstormed a lot of game
ideas and this is really good so I'm
gonna go make a phone call to a studio
now and given my latest update and let's
see what they say so wish me luck
I hope it can be done guys you never
know this video right here this could be
like the first little intro of I decided
to make a game another game even cuz
we've got the zombie we've got the
moment for Samba killer squad game
coming out I've decided to make it
like a full game proper game and I've
always wanted to do this so let's just
fucking do it guys let's fuck married
bitches yeah
