well again it gets to the point where
I've got 30 minutes to try and get his
vlog rendered we need to get an alliance
like this way there you go fucking
racist racist racist yeah I'm back
someone was just a beautiful
wait so there is that to the confidence
going on up there okay but then yeah so
obviously this is supposed to be me with
my daily vlog I went to the studio went
to hothouse Studios today which is crazy
that's you know with the Madison's
free-trader stuff you sent me the
mystery black box so an ID you know
we're in this room playing pool and you
think I mean they don't even let stay
the hotels but yeah by the way this is
like a really nice reflection of the
phone yes did you just get beat all
right so so me and JJ played and we were
literally neck-and-neck
but then this eight the black oh we were
drawing no we were driving I'm going to
try doing this and then and then no one
Monet yes so we did play for 20-pounder
keys so comes 2006 winner stays on but
comes that really that's how we do it
but then I realized that I need to get
it oh you just won its run again so I've
got this video uploaded hot house was
really good I've got a video coming out
soon I'm flying out to America tomorrow
so I need to try and get like a backup
vlog made for tomorrow but and yeah
we'll see how things go and so I get to
go and see Kay and it should be awesome
I think these are kind of guys are gonna
go now so yeah hello
Ian came to me to harass today so that
was awesome as a girl you got Ian and
this guy yeah they're gone we're all
gone whoa I've got green lasers on me I
got green dots in my fight that's so
weird
anyway yeah I'm gonna shoot now but I
just watch let you know I'm okay about a
great day London's been awesome my hotel
room is sweet is any fast better bit
more why no I can't actually see you are
you just stuck still in the shadow you
genuinely confused distancing yeah so
you can't see anymore this but I got 10%
battery now a phone just pops up boy
yeah guys I'm I'll be in America next
I'll probably vlog at the airport or
something so at least I can get my daily
vlog up and I've got like 12 20 minutes
15 minutes to get this uploaded so I've
got this super quick so thanks watching
guys Mary's been syndicate and yeah let
me know how you've all been
