right now you see in the before stage of
the hair being spiked oh but I don't
court as you can see it no it looks
really random but the reason I have to
get caught really running like this is
it looks like it's normally flat no like
Hello posh no oh god it's cold and
snowing outside and old then why like ah
ok let's not face a white screen and
without looking like it goes but got me
a cup getting ready I run we got my
ticket to the vga 2012 that just chilly
and but now I'm getting ready for
getting over to the states I've got a
few more things I've gotta do I did
triangle and see my granddad I always
going to see my family like do a a
goodbye run ever saying adios in Oz for
Daniel think I don't know if that's the
right note what Russian would but I'm
just getting ready now to a go but like
you can see I've kept like the Mohawks
tell it's longer in the middle short on
the sides and on the back it sticks up
as well but a trim dicks and what I'm
going out for a month and I don't
personally trust an American hairdresser
to be like don't don't worry we go I got
this especially an Oklahoman one an
Oklahoman I don't think that's the right
word but an Oklahoman hairdresser Logano
we're gonna cut your hair it's gonna be
perfect don't you even worry about it
but yeah so I'm just like getting
last-minute ready right now and I'm
going catch my train in like 3 i've got
going to catch my train in three hours
I'm switch with the station an hour
before I don't have to be but just cuz
the traffic and the snow is that such
none sure I did show you last night but
it's actually snowing which is pretty
crazy so and I'm just in a mad rush to
make sure I've got misfit I'm taking on
my mic and my gaming stuff I'm not
taking my pc obviously i'm taking my
razor laptop i'm taking my professional
mic to commentate with my yay I'm just
got to get everything organized man it's
madness it's Bullock I'm going to the
song there was the plane no I'm not
going to take that on me with the plane
I'm gonna take that with me on the plane
but yeah I'm try to get everything
organized last minute and just this mad
rush and I was going to take that boy
pen with me
to the plat airport and see if I got it
too goth me bought at the same time I
don't think provoking and looking like
I'm a terrorist by taking a bullet on
the plane there's a good idea so I'm
going to probably miss out and doing
that and what else took two hour train
journey I'm about to go and jump on to
go down to London and I also thought to
what's out there I thought it was going
to be boiling hot in America because
last I was out in LA someone was like it
never snows in LA and it had level rains
and it doesn't really get too cold just
got a bit chilly but not too cool and
they were like yes pretty much as cold
as it gets last time I was out there and
I could walk around in the t-shirt and
shot it was that warm you know I to them
it was cool but to me I was like this is
love this is luxury that's our thing but
I'm trying balance you on this like
thing but if you form smash my phone
right there instead so when they go well
do you know about learn extra life
t-shirts and so I'm there expect
expecting to go out to Oklahoma um I'm
expecting to go to Oklahoma and be like
oh yeah you know it's gonna be a scurvy
dead and warm it's gonna be nice and
sorry but yes sometimes I go to escape
no I'm gonna escape the cold wet weather
room the UK I don't have to wear my
dad's bubble clue that sort of thing and
then cake send me a picture of some
grass yeah just chillin some grass with
icicles all the finish is named as like
fuck no no and yes like there was a song
to stop that of day but it's all cold
it's all wet it's freezing cold it was
supposed to snow at Christmas time but
it the weather's horrible pretty much
terrible and she said it's gonna stay
out for a bit so I there's me like
packing like son ha glass sunglasses
shorts t-shirt everything like and
obviously I found out nope nope not the
case not the case at all look at the
real case of this situation is that it's
freezing cold and I'm good after weber
husky hood everywhere wait I'd put my
mascarpone now but got like you know
when go to the hairdresser's and all get
your hair cut check out oh my god
argued a piece of you I'm elephants my
dad died some bud i doing a bike jump
pretty cool and it bought you know that
when you get your hair cut you've got
that hair like everywhere in like you
know is down the back of you and it's
that yeah that's what I'm going through
right now so get going grab a shower we
have to get all my videos uploaded I
have got some transit with randoms
that's the big series that I've got
coming out played for ages with randoms
and turned out to be quite a lot of fun
so hopefully you guys will enjoy dexter
and see that when it's out but uh yeah
that's pretty much everything I'm just
I'm just you know just Tori must look at
the state of my office once i get
everything ready it's just everywhere in
a mess but yeah i'm sure my dad's gonna
miss me in the house you know he gets a
house to himself and privacy for a full
month and with other family that live
here and doesn't have to deal with me
waking up in the morning so guess what
Dad congrats to you oh but I do yeah
that's about everything i'm doing the
youtube book that i've been talking
about like saying everything is just a
completely messed up with youtube like
views are just broken I don't love it to
say the a broken audion not broken but I
guess I'll find out soon when you cheap
updates but my zombies moon video yeah
that's on 3.3 million right 3.3 million
views I'm not even joking 3.3 million
views i I'm stumped as to how this
happened the views it grow is like
insane it and I don't know how it works
because in the description is in the in
the the SAP stats it says first referral
referral referral yes right from youtube
search as searching for syndicated
search on syndicate for cindy cohn
youtube you'll find me straight away I
think you just said syndicate my channel
pops up now it does I know the game was
first by Brad hmm go but no you search
for simply kept my charm pops up it's
very very snowy right now and but yeah I
just got my first referral from YouTube
and then my first referral from facebook
I don't want the referrals but it's
quite fun oh then it shows you where all
different views come from see that's
just weird now I know I get views from a
mobile device but it also says I got 1.6
million views from a mobile device now I
I could be like Miss bullshit just call
it faking gay but I know it might be you
to fix because then again I know most of
you clicked on the video by taxes game
boring but then again my zombie easter
egg dye uploaded I've Durie their eyes
three so whatever yeah that that's an
eight hundred forty thousand views in
less than 12 hours but I don't know I'm
just confused if YouTube's actually just
finally fixed itself because you know
you think about in one sense I've got
2.2 million 185 thousand subscribers
just now let's create easy like hey just
on 230 oh that's mud but like that's
just nuts that that possibly happened
and is legit and it's just bit crazy and
yeah syndicate central we hit 304
thousand so everyone's like where's the
Q&A but I'm gonna do the Q&A whilst I'm
with k alright so can them dem tits of
yours grabham kavvum and enjoy them
they're good and anyway um yeah so I'm
pretty just blown back by how
everything's doing so pretty crazy yeah
one of the cops is like no way it's like
three million views in a few days it's
crazy crews did bananas and I'm yeah I'm
gonna be tried to daily logs like I said
I've been doing I've been doing good it
Kate its lucky night she sucks she's bad
and you know why because she's supposed
to do a daily vlog every day and she's
moving house she's traveling she caught
upload no you may quote an advanced you
heard me oh I Babar but yeah she should
know yes you know she should know she
should know she should know what the
real situation is your uh anyway um yeah
she should know to a verb
ready but anyway on a brighter note my
name's Ben silica time for 2 i'll enjoy
your faces I look alike e under yeah
thanks watching on a specific attacks
watching and I like trains goodbye
follow me on Twitter because that's what
I'm gonna be tweeting a lot so I trains
great and say you're hot out today I can
sink
