let's open it welcome back Susan must we
hustle harder practically lives here my
office is still on how to be a boss mess
right now but this guy is loving the
balloons we're in the new office I
wonder how long I didn't call it new
before it's an office new office and it
is a wonderful sunny productive day
here's the mission for today you release
my video glue super 60 although I just
got an email from YouTube saying the
website is glitchy and down so I don't
know if I can upload today I haven't
meaning did it went awesome good and go
to Staples got some office supplies
going to the Apple store to buy a new
laptop got a ps4 what a privilege to do
list let's take a moment well that's
some really privileged stuff I'm very
grateful I got a bunch of emails and a
script to write so a lot of things are
going down today but you know what we
gonna hustle harder right baby boy here
we go
they love to balloons they left them he
just grabs the string of a balloon and
like just chases it of course you're not
gonna do it now the cameras on what are
you doing you had never good good shake
good shake
I love the balloons mom hey I love your
feet even more so working with Taylor so
interesting because you went into
scenarios like this nice playing with
this trio of drinks is right here it's
my morning coffee yeah my afternoon
pick-me-up this is my lucky pebble
so those of you that don't live in LA
this a Lacroix drink which I believe is
Lacroix as a French person would know it
could be I think everyone's obsessed
with it like obsessed and I'm gonna be
honest it's not that great I tried it
it's not good well here's the deal I'm
into any kind of like bubbly water look
Cory just happens to be the thing that
everyone else in LA drinks so I'm
jumping on so which try says you're an
LA basic thanks so can we talk about how
my dog's a superstar people at every
store like stopping taking pictures of
them freaking out I'm like none of us
fault I thought me and I don't why we
got him
laughs out for my new team member down
the generations young boy
come on son let me show you the rest of
the girls what did we just do why don't
we just do Brogan what do we just do we
changed lines just now we change lines
to get the most out of tinder it's one
of Taylor's favorites I do like it a lot
yeah it's shot very beautifully I will
say it's very the lighting I got good
amount of cleave going on there little
cleavage little girl or less speckle
they're all whole things going on I mean
super 60 right now while eating some
Indian food or like Indian food because
but yo that's what's poppin it's not
good also crucial development
I got another mint-green thing so now we
have this beautiful mint green situation
here I know you're like oh well what
does that match all this pen right here
on the wall right there and this post-it
so
9 something I'm here Seoul is the office
I gotta go home and play my ps4 god
dammit how do people do unboxing videos
I'm gonna try box
let's open it you have a brand new
Playstation 4 something that is not new
in the market at all and you probably
already know but unboxing focus well ps4
not to be confused with five or three
right here we go where's the thing Oh oh
it's like a fancy origami it's smoking
unboxing did you just save trees and
stop printing these pop up and hope
you've ever read these things like stop
wasting trees QuickStart guide the best
place to play like ain't nobody I mean
what was that cables power very nice the
HDMI headphones controller Wow I
literally bought this because of one
game how basic am i but here it is which
way is up oh that way okay I got it
I'm not crazy heritage I'm mother Lally
really I'm not very good at that game
but I plan to get better it's really fun
and I really dig it and I'm like into it
all right do it
I'm naughty little something because you
know I like to eat fattening foods past
midnight guys my vibe tomorrow I got a
day full of meetings and full of calls
and I wake up real early like nine eight
thirty nine these days no man I'm a
full-fledged adult single mother like
you know what's up you had a dope day I
had a fantastic day full of growth and
just making my business take the next
step and my camera just can never focus
on me but I feel really good about it
and I hope you had a great day as well
but yeah if you didn't watch my video
yet
to get the most out of tinder there's a
glitch on YouTube why me they probably
doesn't have a lot of views because
generally my ish don't get a lot of use
but if there's a huge glitch on YouTube
so I'm like oh of course on upload date
whatever is fine is cool I'm gonna go to
bed I love you let's do it I was like I
got you know I know what you're thinking
early went into that bottle if you like
how many take so that take you I want to
let you know first take I don't always
edit myself to make myself seem cool
only sometimes but that was not
you
