you want to try to flirt with him with
your shoulders 3 p.m. a 30 good morning
you'll have to wake up and do some
stupid things that I can tell you
sunshine that my people to be one to be
o to release my video do super 60 go
through my inbox order bunch of stuff on
Amazon for the office I've known the
goddamn office space a pair of a really
big meeting I have tomorrow all of these
things and they start right now I just
know it would be like I'm sitting down
alright yo for this scene this is your
motivation okay you are a single
eligible bachelor
okay you are interested in someone else
you are interested in Taylor okay you
want to try to flirt with him with your
shoulders only your shoulders in the
shot so can you put your shoulder on the
shot that's what I want you to use to
flirt with him can I see a little bit
that nice nice Taylor I want you to look
at this shoulder action look at her
shoulder okay and I want you to be into
it
guys you're into it face again don't see
him three important is my cycle so you
know
hey Brogan your bullies happy birthday
to a vegan vegan what's up with this
disgusting
latarian my team isn't such jerks they
keep saying I have worms because I'm
still cuddling starboy grazie still
these love and affection guys the winds
can get these that's the issue and she
did I get mad I might get from petting
in Scarborough alixus but then no Scott
postilions of infections my mother's
love you guys in there she's in the
hospital we told you so I know you
listen I know you used to other bloggers
showing you the new cars and houses with
everything check out my new garbage can
hold on let me just explain all the
garbage can you hold like three times
the bag don't slip it once have
batteries in it it's between open and
closed on a nightly sensor fan ah yo if
you're having garbage pumps up the
bathroom son I got 99 comes my trash in
one hit me hey hey this is from a video
this is from a video my video shoot rap
videos release the vo did super 60 sorry
and bloggers there was so much stuff
going on now will we have to do baby
boy's day for a quarter rent and have to
go over my scripts for a shoot I have
tomorrow that's my god - I'm gonna try
get her early night sleep cuz I can wake
up early tomorrow and do some secret
stuff I can't tell them about ray so I
mean you can't tell you about it so we
can't tell you about it who's sweet boy
sweet boy you know that my baby mom
don't embarrass me in front of team
super look at that people mom doing big
move on your team super you sleepy boy
he's asleep people sleepy boy
mm-hm all right I've got to work
all right just finished recording my
rent boom-boom Scarborough left the room
you just said yo you were loud as hell
and I'm noxious as in hell and I'm up
here to go sleep in the next room but
I'm so proud of him cause he's sleeping
alone in the other room and not freaking
out they're not beside himself it's
calming so much and getting so
comfortable I love it go to emails or
some stuff of Amazon and secret stuff
also you know I'm always straight up
with y'all today's video was a brand
deal next week I have another brand deal
video both friends I like and I'm down
with and you don't only work with brands
I like but or think that I think I look
really cool I'm gonna be honest with
y'all I am making a really big hire soon
on my team which I'm excited about soon
promise real with y'all I need some that
going to pay for some of the ideas I
have my brain how I talk about this my
brain is only like hey you need the
stuff to pay for stuff that's cool
you're still only gonna work with things
interesting or cool and brands you
support so even though I got like some
brandy videos back to backwards hope you
don't mind and ii just know that it's
it's to create a bigger benefit I'm
really excited tell you about eventually
right buddy mom I can't talk him too
busy cuddling unicorns and shoes here's
so cute baby you're so cute my sweet boy
my sweet boy you know what I think you
know what I think and tell you what I
think I think you a mommy to scratch of
Bailey mommy I like when you scratch my
belly it makes me sleepy
and I love it sleepy boy oh my baby
sleepy boy leafy boy so scarbrow little
pup the vets keep telling this over and
over again so the place that you have on
your skull
this was diffuse and his have not fused
and they don't think they're going to so
he has the most sensitive spot right
here on his head we have to always be
careful to make sure doesn't bump his
head or no bigger dog plays rough with
him right baby we have to make sure
you're careful I always give him kisses
do my sweet boy
my sweet boy mom stop embarrassing me
and let me sleep I stood all day I just
narrate what I think he's thinking mom I
just want to lie back I want to go to
sleep on your leg I want team super to
subscribe and I just want to relax cuz
I'm a small sweet boy and was smooth
sweet
boy and I want to ear massage oh yeah I
just like that Mommy yeah just like that
no wanna shake your hand and the other
one oh my sweet boy my sweet sweet boy I
know I'm upset just make my whole blog
loud Scarborough I'm obsessed he's so
friggin cute and I love him so much
oh right once I've had to go through I
keep saying just stop for the office and
I keep not doing it cuz every day I'm
like no I need to see why you see them
trying to like not be tired in the
morning since when I wake up I have
important things to do that I can't be
tired for okay here we go
you know why I also need brand deals cuz
mama gonna need to buy all new shoes out
here Scarborough loves shoes and socks
and he doesn't want any of his toys he
just wants to destroy everything but
he's so cute so it's okay oh okay I'm
gonna wear that she was a mask very good
oh my and this vlog by saying today I
did something for the first time i feet
sometimes i tripped myself out into
thinking like yo you stop doing things
the first time your life is routine not
say I did something I've never done
before the first time Portia I can't
tell you about it but the less I want to
say is every day do something for the
first time you're never too old to do
something the first time that's what
that's what youth is about that's what
excitement is oh so life is about doing
things for the first time and if you
can't think of anything try something
new that's what it's all about with that
let's see how would beg to die
Oh what to do tomorrow's another day
full of secrets I'm sorry but I'm so mad
I can't wait to find out
you
