Oh straight up feel like I got drugs
good morning y'all hella tired I did
cancel my first shoot of the day I
didn't want to pull an all-nighter my
evening shoot today is so hype and
creative I want to enjoy and be awake so
I did it
so me here's the mission for today's
break or song to make up to video emails
but first stretch alright so I try to
stretch every morning right if you don't
like the sound of bodies cracking stop
watching it for it a couple seconds let
me show you something my back does
everyday you ready part of my stretching
back crack's
shake yeah oh boy okay I just finished
writing a novel to record these four
Tings right now to my professional
studio hey don't make me take you back
to the hood oh finish braiding the
fourth song it's always a struggle when
I write the song that we recorded the
same day this is not like in my memory
my subconscious memory but we gonna make
it happen
shower eat some damn food hustle you
should know this if you know me this is
like the love of my life I adore this
human being she is my always tell people
and I just told my team candy is one of
the most beautiful girls I've ever seen
in my life she's gonna transform it so
can we you smell something are we gonna
tell them I'm gonna turn into
break6 or just do it look like Andy got
you that you know oh boy wait for me I
was going down
oh my god I'm so I wait for you to see
what this looks like I tried my absolute
best I didn't have everything memorized
I tried so so hard and then the time for
my hat it's the best I could done and I
really hope it turns out well it's
coming out Monday I have you think all
this glue off my face right now the time
is 2:00 a.m. I gotta wake up at 6:45
a.m. so it's gonna be weather tomorrow
it's just a crazy God Adonai I'm gonna
wash my arm I tell you all about hold up
well that took a hundred years to take
off F me F me ask me ask me ask me f F F
me maybe it is 2:30 Arni's we got my
6:45 a.m. but I have to send a few
emails right now so we're gonna do that
we put on my life and work today I
didn't know how long this ball was I'm
sorry I didn't want to show you drink
you have to wait until Monday your work
is being put in tomorrow tomorrow might
be the busiest day I've ever had like in
my life
legit in my life you know what no no no
I'm tempted to pick this up it'll fu
isn't happy no no it's not emo go with
me okay now it's 3:00 a.m. and now I
need to sleep let's see how he did today
thanks for joining us today why so dark
what settings ditching something this
camera I don't know
I'm sorry this is the crab you clawed I
know I said that already but it's so
hard when I'm doing secret things to
share things with you and it's just like
all the place but will be so worth it
Monday I'm so glad and tired going to
bed
does my if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe I must spend these
last 20 confessing my love for candy
Johnson I've already done it a million
times
my whole team was like she's so nice but
you sold towns just like a ball of
positive energy I love being around her
I wish you could stay forever like she's
someone I never want to leave my house
if you don't follow candy please follow
her she's so so so lovely
