it looks so pretty
morning it is like 2:30 it's so much of
a hard time such a hard time falling
asleep last night look at my little
disaster my hair is not and I'm just a
mess at the shower time falling asleep
last night so I just woke up right now I
didn't even do anything yet I'm gonna
brush my teeth my teeth are really
hurting this morning no brush my teeth
have some oatmeal have my medicine think
of our friends and I'm so like
comfortable and I clean really you all
have absolutely blown on my Twitter
because I'm gonna have 5 million
subscribers and you're so cute and
wonderful and supportive and I woke up
to all these wonderful messages thank
you so much and that's really cool so
hopefully at some point today we hit 5
million subscribers team soup it's for
right now I'm gonna eat my oatmeal like
this that's also driver
my Tifa hurting today a front teeth are
hurting I think they're all moving and
adjusting and I feel sleepy
I do have leftover pasta from yesterday
which is making me very happy though I'm
doing one of those things have so much
to do something like looking at my
screen and I'm like yeah yeah do that
and I should probably do that and then
you know there's that and then I'm
actually not doing anything though
um pop a painkiller though eat some past
I have a conference call and one and a
half hours with Sarah and jazz then the
Raptors janae the Raptors game that's
going on I've been taking it easy but
this is thing about taking it easy like
you get out of the work mode and I'm
like trying to get back in you know you
know how serious I am with my work what
if my face never goes I don't think it
looks that soul anymore but it feels
very swollen like yeah it constantly
just feels like something stuck in my
mouth it feels like but no more
complaining I know you've all been to
the same thing and it's fine
I'm 5,000 subscribers away for five
million and when I say I I mean we we
also if you're having a done so sign up
for the team super newsletter you know
the next one's gonna come out in a few
days
team super newsletter link is in the
description you got to get the
newsletter get the news get get get get
the newsletter you'll get updates and
all this free stuff about me I think is
in the description thing is interest
rate I having a conference call look
who's here look it's jazz and it's
seriously high the technology all the
technology they can't they're saying hi
you can't hear them but highest
happening I just finished my conference
call just finish my kaha just wish my
conference call with Sarah and jazz it
was really really good and breaks I wish
I could tell you all the things I'm
planning but I can't I can't tell you my
mom is gonna get me McDonald's now so
I'm gonna fries in a cinnamon so I'm
excited about that
and exciting things are being planned
the Raptors game is starting in 20
minutes gonna watch that and then I'm
going to book my vacation with my
friends I know if I told you but for
Valentine's Day view my girls are going
to Mexico that's the plan we're trying
to plan that so the guy we're so
last-minute I don't know who we think we
are booking so last-minute put that
and exciting things are happening and
I'm very excited and it's okay if I'm a
chipmunk because I'm a productive
chipmunk with two icons namely dance
incident incident incident named a dance
go raps Go Go raps Go Go Raptors Go Go
Raptors go it's game time you the
Raptors struggling a bit here in the
first quarter who are down by it's like
it's on fire I think it was 815 right
now is the score fifteen eight we're
struggling a bit we're gonna bring it
back me and my pops is watching me dad's
watching my youtube videos and seeing
when I hit five million subscribers
because he's literally obsessed yes
super-president right here obsessed
already do 100 of that that's it there's
my dad's on this right now he's on this
I feel tired today I'm so drained of
energy things all the medications and
they'll die and um my name is situation
I named Raptors clean up shop Raptors
merked the Pacers I'm like struggling to
stay awake I might write a book this
vacation eat something cuz Issa things
always on my agenda in that situation
personal Pete and then I'm a burp a
first-time abrupt NLP I like check their
things and I mean a book none they
already called me
well lie down for a long time that's my
hair was like this Dannan meaning
meaning you know episome polysporin on
pitas gone but Peters left a mark it's
damn Peeta I don't know what else to do
I think I've said this a billion times
before I don't I have this problem where
I always need to do work and if I can't
do work I feel like I'm not being
productive like a normal person probably
watch TV I can't stand watching TV like
I enjoyed sometimes and afterwards
always feel guilty like oh what did I
gain from watching T is that the
weirdest thing watching TV makes me feel
very uncomfortable so I'm gonna breed up
a little bit my Shopaholic book and
Grace's guide maybe do a little bit of
stuff online but maybe I just called
early night so I can get up tomorrow
have a productive day I just can't wait
till my face goes back to normal it
looks pretty normal but it's like I can
feel it swollen and so like there's a
few things I want to record that I don't
won't be able to do the best of my
ability so I'm waiting and the waiting
game is like driving me crazy because I
want to do so many things nothing much
is we going on tomorrow it's a free day
Raptors are playing again so I'll watch
that but otherwise it's just gonna be
work I guess and I don't know maybe I
should like leave the house interact
with humans I don't know I'm still
debating figuring yeah but that's what's
happening close the vacation to not get
booked today such as booking vacations
but hopefully that means tomorrow and
yeah that's the game plan okay I think
I'm like a few thousand away from 5
million subscribers where y'all fall
asleep and just be sleeping when it
happens but uh y'all will celebrate for
me and you're amazing so thank you to
Mike I was huge mall I'm sorry my blog
Simon excited exciting recently because
I'm home in doing boring things I'll try
to do more fun things for you yeah my
vlogs are mostly eating and sleeping I'm
sorry I'll try to do better love you so
much if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like
