welcome back Peter
morning it is 10:00 a.m. and I went to
bed at 5:00 a.m. or 5:30 a.m. and wide
awake right now why that's a great
question my teeth I know you're tired of
hearing about it
but a few things to tell you I didn't
vlog yesterday because I woke about 5:00
p.m. when I was dying of pain and I told
myself you know what I just need to
constantly do things to distract myself
in the pain because me sing at home and
complaining about pain is no help so I
went to my niece's birthday and then I
went it was Jazz's cousin's birthday so
we went downtown um drinking a little
bit of alcohol mahkumat just choke on my
own spit drinking a little bit of
alcohol soothes my pain I know that's
horrible to say but for those a couple
hours I was drinking I was like oh my
god such relief and now that I'm it's
the next day I'm back to being
absolutely in pain so more stories nice
after take shots constantly I don't do
that situation um today's Super Bowl I
don't know anything about sir wolf but
Katy Perry's performing so go to gate
gate here we go get it get it go get
Katie pics I can't even speak him and so
much bit oh my god yesterday I also had
a hot dog Street me oh so good so good
oh my god it was so good you don't need
to be so good I usually thinking about
it oh my god I'm gonna die movie think
about this weekend street meat for like
days days cook you know meal I'm cooking
up me and help me oh I got my nails in
the dish still pretty long like my nails
are so pretty but they're way shorter
than they used to be and this is what
I'm good with and I did them and like so
now maybe you know you can be friends
again
I do I like my nails you should accept
me for my nails but I did cut them a bit
because my mommy yelled at me cooking
oatmeal cooking at me cooking up media
it's several hours later cuz I took nap
but it's okay cuz I didn't see ball
night last night so I was a second my
teeth start stopped hurting I took a nap
and I woke up and now my teeth are still
hurting it's okay um when I wake up work
on the newsletter which is getting sent
out tomorrow morning which I'm very
excited about
also I don't know if I told you this I
don't think I did the other day
yesterday the other day yesterday I
watched because I was in so much pain I
was like I need you just construct
myself I'm gonna watch these shows that
people always going on about because I
never usually watch TV so I watched the
first ever episode of Pretty Little
Liars and it was like nothing like what
I thought it would be I had no idea the
show was about that it was like okay I
was a huge fan of it um and I watched
the first episode of Game of Thrones and
I was like this is awesome so now I'm
just like craving to watch the next
episode of Game of Thrones so I feel
like I'm gonna become addicted to Game
of Thrones now just keep you updated I'm
eating put on tough and let's do that uh
nowadays it's like an Indian roti with
potatoes inside with yogurt and it's so
good I'm writing the intro for my
newsletter right now and I want like to
know that like I genuinely write all the
stuff of course jazz helps me like put
it together and like you know make a
look pretty and stuff but everything
that's ruined oh I don't want you to
ever think that like it's written by
someone else is genuinely written by me
the intro and the call and everything
I'm very like big on making sure it's
genuinely from my heart so I hope you
enjoy it
and yeah oh yeah shaking my cheese into
little cold apple a small joys yeah
watching the Super Bowl
I don't nothing about football literally
when I watch football this is this is my
thoughts while watching football Mike we
cook alone stop good alone they stopped
again like I I don't get it I don't like
it just if I had to reenact for both my
fingers would be I don't get it I'm just
I'm see Katy Perry he okay - Perry Bay
Yohji Bay weekend weekend we get Katy
Perry's what from pastime showed overs
like but patties could be born or not is
that mpg I love Katy Perry especially I
watched her um her movie I was like oh
my god
he's so cool and I'm proud of her and
I'm fangirling a little bit and it's
because like she seems like a nice
person and I'm happy she gets to
experience the halftime show and I'm
happy for her she's killing it Brooke
yeah yeah are you looking at system the
a Weedle oh my god I'm dead I'm Slade
right now so I don't know how much
longer I can pretend to care about this
football because I would watch you go
mute I just like not I get anyway um I
think I wanna watch the second episode
of Game of Thrones and have this one
mute on beside it so I feel like I'm
involved you know um yeah I watched the
first one and it was like I like that
ended on a cliffhanger and I feel like
it's one of those shows that maybe
always ends on cliffhangers not really
sure so I'm gonna watch the second
episode con blow do you guys watch Game
of Thrones or let me know what shows you
do watch I tend I know I've said this
before I don't really watch TV often
because I have a very addictive
personality I just watch entourage back
in the day and like I was addicted I
used to watch all day long and so like I
get like that I get very like I just
won't do anything else and I'll just
watch TV all day long so that's why I
was hesitant but I was like okay let me
give us a chance but what shows you guys
watch comment below let me know I'm
interested to know um maybe I'll take
number one the Patriots one yeah okay
cool
number two Game of Thrones is so good oh
my god
so I could tell that every episode ends
with a cliffhanger and it's like one of
those things where I'm just gonna be so
addicted
I keep watching it I need to keep
watching I just watch second one but I'm
like oh my god I need two words third
one I need to watch an act like how
could I not watch oh my can popcorn okay
so I keep eating I keep eating because
chewing on something takes the plug it
takes the pain with my teeth constantly
like just biting you something so I just
noticed that like all eat something that
I just need to eat something right away
and I'm not making popcorn and I had to
like chew on like and you're like eat
apple like it's bad we say you things so
afters popcorn I have a great idea I'm
gonna take a towel and freeze the towel
or like put it in coal barn just chew on
a towel like a teething ring for a kid
your name I think that might help if not
understand keep eating everything in my
house and I'm gonna have any food okay I
want you to watch one more episode of
Game of Thrones and then I have to make
my team super newsletter video I have to
do that and then after that I can watch
more if I want but I quash one more and
then have to make the video I have to
promise I promise I promise one more
episode watch a video and then I can
watched more after that I have much
other work to do well I do but like it's
ending Sunday come on this show is too
good but as promised I'm gonna do my
video and then after I can watch after I
can watch how to make the video okay so
my boss is doing something weird like it
kill this time if you hear this okay
ready wait it was that way I swear it
was doing alone that annoying moment
when I saw had always just do basically
I like moving my mouth and is making
this clicking noise oh now you're not
gonna do it cuz cameras I don't make me
look stupid make MIT den time for Game
of Thrones no my home chocolate right
here put a bandana in the freezer so I
can chew on it while I watch I'm good to
go right now I should do this soon I'll
you know I always just work work work I
should like treat weekends like weekends
like on Saturday and Sunday
she'll laugh up so Game of Thrones
Season 5 starts on April 12th I believe
so have that much time to catch up on
all four seasons which i think is doable
alright
to it and jump into bed and hopefully
fall asleep soon I would sure my been
terrible job um and by that I mean with
a washboard my cells go through told you
this is why I don't watch TV get
addictive it's real good though if
you've watched I suggested um help you
had wonderful day tomorrow is video d so
and there's so much snow outside mmm
Antarctica up and her brows eat well
thank you for joining me on another day
of my life leave you so much if you like
it subscribe if you like it if your bra
yeah so did Maya
so literally walked in like four seconds
are gonna walk down I'm done I mean just
like quickly checked no yeah go my days
are hurting and he was good
