eyebrows Olaf fleek no hoop morning I
just had my opening you know what
they've just fallen in love with these
days
I'm headed to dentist my mate I didn't
do my makeup or anything am I going here
who cares
my eyebrows are probably the worst
they've ever been in my entire life like
Oh for I like one two three four five I
thought so I think like deal with that
but I have a video shoot like I told you
for the clean my room anthem I think in
ten days I think I don't think wait ten
days maybe let's just choose drawer I
haven't done my eyebrows like months in
my like problems a year and when I say
that I mean like professionally I always
just keep fixing myself because I like
traveling and stuff I don't times I go
to a person I'm very girly about two
things one or my nails into a my
eyebrows I'm sure why I have problems
cutting my nails and to like attach them
but how do I get destroyed
basically I only chose like one person
to do my eyebrows and it's my friend's
mom which is always busy I don't like
never here so I always touch them up
myself and I also trust my cousin but 10
days is a long time so you know just fix
them up when I come home because this
isn't even even I'm like girl girl you
need to okay let's go to the dental
forgot Nicki Minaj CD hi so excited I
forgot I'm a German so long
this place do you guys remember this
place cuz we were here about a week ago
about a week ago
here all went down I thought it was a
mermaid where's this girl off with the
homeroom remember good time good times
just had an x-ray so the lady told me
that after my surgery that's what I was
bawling my eyes out I don't remember
this apparently yeah sorry Maya so I
literally walked in like four seconds
are gonna walk down I'm done you just
like quickly checked my teeth are
hurting and you shouldn't even like
hurting the fright 2:30 and you think
there probably is there's a little
crooked I was like a mural for braces
which I'm going to take a eventually one
day hopefully I'm not yet Invisalign my
bottom teeth anyways thing to clean my
teeth with but as I was saying the
assistant dental assistant she was like
yeah after surgery you're crying so much
I was taking your x-ray I'm like I don't
remember taking my x-ray at all after
the surgery I she's like I was just
standing there bawling my eyes I don't
remember anything and I'm just thinking
like oh my god
this was a whole chunk of time I don't
remember I was a hot FMS and I don't go
home and pick my res now so priority
it's time you would become two eyebrows
let's do this give chase all right now
mom's making me food cuz I'm a spoiled
brat yeah women grilled cheese and eggs
and I keep saying this and I'm gonna
keep singing my teeth hurts so bad it
hurt way worse than when I move forward
Advil wasn't do you didn't like it's way
worse now oh unbearable
my eyebrows are a little better I know
they might not look as good but like I
have to fill my eyebrows and regardless
they don't have any but I mean like I
fix them up a bit you know saying I'm
gonna eat that I gotta record something
for YouTube's real quick that video they
need from me and then we're gonna see
what saying you saying yeah we're gonna
work session it up or do a movie earth
people get her nails done
hmm best grilled cheese ever I feel like
food oysters better when like parents
make it I don't know it could be just
I'm lazy but I love when people I love
you make you food yeah I mean yeah I
mean yeah I mean I just had some girl
talk with my mom I was like I have these
moments or I'm just gonna muster up some
courage as like mom I asked you a
question
let's talk about boys okay we had a boy
talk I talked to her about boys and she
gave me some advice so we talked about
relationships
mom and are so freaking cool parenting
goals as f yeah that has happened and
now I'm going to make that video I have
to make now that I have two eyebrows
kind of sort of when I fill them in I
will have two eyebrows as per usual I
fell asleep took nap um you probably
think I'm just like a sloth I get some
naps all day
let's go again sleep at night I fall
asleep like 8:00 a.m. I'm gonna be
Nutella and I'm unit drinking a hot
chocolate
out of my Dubai mug hot chocolate
marshmallows I mean is there anything
better normal food eating doing my
makeup right now I have great news
look what I found friends and so I
finished recording that thing for
YouTube I sent it I hope it's okay yeah
me Beckett is he was rewatching my
welcome yesterday I'm decided today
before I sleep no matter what I have to
cut my nails because very long also I
have just been really cool and she's
running I'm gonna tell you right so
listen up I have put all my videos on my
main channel into playlists and I've
done this before as well but I just
revamp them let me show you what I mean
so if you go to my channel youtube.com
slash eyes upon my eye you'll see that
it because not everyone likes all my
videos and that's okay some people like
just the skits are just a parent stuff
so you can have like battle of the sexes
like the girl-guy videos or like the
parent stuff for my collaborations or
parents react and stuff so all in
playlist so you can watch what you want
to watch it if you want something
positive and there's like a positive
place and yeah so they're all
uncleanness so whatever you feel like
watching a certain type of my video you
can go to my channel and just watch
those ones I'm kind of bored so I'm
thinking about ordering a pizza is that
bad
so I've done like some stuff not really
anything too productive by now you've
decided I'm going to take my hand and
punch myself in the face and knock out
all my teeth my jaw feels like it's
splitting and it's gonna be another one
of those thing like nights when we have
to sleep all night cuz hurts so bad and
I don't know what to do I'm thinking I
need like a teething ring that's what it
feels like if it's like I feel like I
need like a carrot or Apple and just
like stick it in my teeth I need
something just cold to be shoved in my
teeth because it's just like unbearable
like I can't do anything every second
I'm like I'm gonna try to shut up about
this cuz I know I keep complaining but
this is my smile I wanna cry right now
but it's just I'm gonna smile because
I'm gonna trick myself into thinking I'm
not in scruciating bin I'm gonna watch
some TV shows on my laptop and then I'm
going to hopefully fall asleep that's
them
tomorrow I don't know if wanna walk
tomorrow because I might be dead because
that's happening right now I'm gonna go
to sleep just I'm gonna book worthy
that's a horse burp mm that's gross I'm
sorry um everybody I hope you had a
wonderful day I love you so much
make sure you subscribe to the team
super news that if you haven't done so
already the link is in the description
because I'm gonna send a newsletter in
like a day a day brah a day let me
should get on that door okay and I'll be
able wonderful tea tomorrow and when
you're watching this and I hope you
smile take a second this time love you
if you like it subscribe if you like it
if you wrap it so we're in this very
regular room
it's a library where we can do stuff
right
