we didn't 5 million subscribers good
morning good morning I don't change my
clothes Allah doesn't matter because
today we have 5 million subscribers it
actually happened like two hours off I
fell asleep
congratulations to you team super this
is not something just for me this is a
SWAT team team super 5 million
subscribers
yeah they love it and goddammit
hey and I was thinking you know maybe I
should host like a dinner or do
something but then I remembered I ain't
got no damn friends so I don't know what
I'm gonna do
maybe I'll go like jazz and sandy a lot
of my friends are really really busy
right now
Jason Ocean you're planning their broken
dance competition so if you live in the
Toronto area you can check that out I'll
put the information in the description
I'm judging that it's on February 7th so
they're really busy with that humble
went to Vancouver this morning that
pretty much does all my friends my
parents I guess kind of count as well
but uh so maybe oh this eventually maybe
not um I just woke up I want to say
congratulations on finding subscribers
and thank you for all your kind messages
this is a team effort Timur makes the
dream work I'm gonna eat some oatmeal as
per usual that we're gonna carry on with
the day 5 million okay I like that many
million oh my god I ain't changing my
socks I'm gross guys I'm sorry hello - a
unicorn so I'm about to wash my hair my
hair so not it doesn't look like it
those are huge naught right in the
middle and I don't really cool my hair
that off for the moment that oh natural
like whatever but it's got to the point
where I'm like I need to comb this and
wash this I'm about to tame my hair and
then I decided I'm gonna Oh ultra hard
work day I told myself want to try to
make tomorrow's video today I say that
every Monday and Thursday no but today
I'm gonna literally try I think I have
an idea that will take a little bit more
time than usual so I'm gonna try my best
to do it and but that's a situation
right now
work work work I'm trying to get myself
out of that funk oh my goood you know it
is I mean let's have a little
heart-to-heart you know what I walk away
we're gonna heart-to-heart you know it's
like so many things I'm can we just talk
we just talk like friends it's like so
many things that I'm doing right now are
reliant on other people and one of my
biggest pet peeves in life or when
things are not in my control I'm such a
control freak so it's like because I'm
waiting and so many things I'm doing are
like relying on other people
emailing and replying and like sorting
things out I find myself just waiting by
my inbox being like why isn't like why
and I need to understand that people
have a lives the hardest thing I like I
forget all the time that people have
lives and they do things so I was like
consider me waiting about my inbox and
waiting to do things I need to working
on other things at the same time and I
need to really really work and improve
on that's that's it I'm gonna try to do
all the other creative projects I have
going on like work on those and then at
night you'll have emails waiting for you
I wait for the emails if the emails wait
for you that's what we're gonna try to
do this is my 1 minute rant
I know wash my hair now because it was
the point of this glass launching my
house and you know that listen to my
iPod while I wash my hair you know my
sister bought me a waterproof speaker
why isn't that here it's here yet I
always do music the shower I'm freakin
busted a wine in the shower
and then do something naughty I probably
shouldn't be eating this
it's still good good rappers are about
to play right now I'm I lied down for a
little bit because mighty sweating down
up and I'm eating popcorn about trucks
Raptors never do some word the popcorn
is definitely getting stuck in my teeth
that's right that's not stopping me
raps are killing it rough killing the
three-pointers though us that's cool
definitely tipping tucking my Chiefs and
I need a bad choice eating the popcorn
but then I eat all the popcorn even
still you also forgot to tell you oh my
god I officially booked my Cancun trip
so me nothing I know she will go in
Cancun
I'm so excited we're gonna spend
Valentine's Day together in Cancun I
would not have it any other way it was
so much fun
starting for a lot of traveling a lot of
traveling I can't tell you what all yet
but a lot of traveling it's gonna be
exciting the vlogs gonna be exciting so
genuinely if you like it subscribe
because like we're gonna go on awesome
adventures and yeah so Cancun is booked
hey just going through some photo shoot
pictures right now because I always be
needing Raptors killing it I always be
needing um new pictures and stuff so
this will be when I laughs in the middle
of photo shoot theory this is how a lot
of my pictures turned out because I'm
just like laughing and I can't control
myself
so I'm or is it it's like really
unflattering sub so I'm hiding something
exciting that I'm gonna share with you
guys I want to release a video I hope
you like it it's gonna still be a while
from now it's January 29th right now but
I'm gonna shoot it on February 10th so
I'm gonna shoot it in like two weeks
still but I'm in the phase of planning
it and it's basically gonna be an epic
clean your room song and I'm gonna tell
you too much but it's basically to be
throwing a party in my room it's gonna
be a song
I don't know how funny it will be
fundies not my vibe but it'll be really
cool it'll be like an anthem for people
to clean their rooms and when you're
cleaning your room it's like aha I don't
wanna do this but if there's a song that
you're gonna live to that's what I'm
planning to do so hope you guys like it
I'm kind of nervous about it because
it's kind of different from the stuff I
usually do but y'all are usually really
supportive but that's what I'm trying to
do if the day my parents go on vacation
so I'll have the house to myself not
that they care about I'm gonna destroy
my house basically and so I'm in the in
them in the planning phases of that I'm
very excited but I'll drop some teasers
and some hints for y'all but it's gonna
be exciting
I have a problem there's holes in my
mouth where my teeth should be I don't
know what to do about it I am gonna go
to bed I'm gonna actually do some work
on my laptop fall asleep while doing it
tomorrow I have a conference call on my
way to a meeting because I was only time
it could work out come on muscles yeah
okay first of all let me address I know
my nails are long and grows you guys in
common is that your nose are so long
gross I know I'm actually I used to bite
my nails all my life so I'm not used to
cutting my nails I don't actually like
know how to cut my nails look I'm gonna
work on tomorrow cuz yeah I know they're
really long and gross and they're making
you guys feel uncomfortable and it's
probably not safe for them to be this
long so don't worry I'm gonna cut them
tomorrow that's toe but tomorrow I have
a meeting downtown Siri and jazz on the
way downtown in my uber I'm gonna have a
conference call and when is vo day and
then imma see Mookie movies with Sandy
and yes that's the plan um just a plan
tomorrow super Thursday you me me me me
I'm gonna go to bed right now my booty
in retail if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe if you like it
stress don't forget the team super
mailing lists just got mailing the
English boom the team super newsletters
coming up in a pan remaining list yet
link is in the description make sure you
do that you do that cuz I'm gonna send
it email and like the first couple days
of February and I want you to get it
make sure that if you like it subscribe
if you like it right if you like it oh
in my teeth
