my name is Alvin hello all i have my
blogging for a few days because my day
consists her waking up taking meds lying
down going to sleep waking up taking
meds drinking soup waking up quite sleep
so nothing's been through vampires you
can see my face is pooling I'm a chip
among Cuyuna monk and I just woke up
right now for my nap
the pains okay I've been taking
painkillers but sometimes they make me a
bit like I don't remember conversations
and stuff so that's a really fun
my friends are coming over Humber sandy
jazz possibly real quick and I'm a work
session because I just have been I've
been resting a lot so don't think I
haven't read I've been sleeping everyday
and resting but um I feel like doing
something today so we're gonna have a
bit over accession I'm a dick shower and
clean my body um
and then yeah they're gonna come over
and we'll have a grand ol time but this
is me I am a chipmunk and I'm alive I
speak to you
you my friends
and they're making fun of my face this
is me telling my year
this is Sam are you working on I'm
editing videos oh snaa learning video
just a moment Chapman you owe her any
funny ideas ooh boy no what are you
working on I'm listening to the new
super bullets on the new superwoman song
what are you talking about this is my
mom my mom's been taking so much care of
me my mom is doing dishes as you you are
and taking so much care me she's such a
sweetheart there's other girls here what
I'm sure what who she is you kind of
just follows a certain we go
okay is it worse and this is her I don't
know who's - your coffee coffee as
always does coffee what are you arguing
you know who email switching was it for
me yeah see all these people are working
on my blog bunch of tea about me ice
cream she didn't even tell me she's got
me she rang my doorbell and then she
bought me ice cream
I mean if you know a better series of
events that have happened to you please
let me know because I'm sure you cannot
beat that
a friend rang my doorbell gave me ice
cream yeah she and her makeup look so
good so as you can see jazz has picked a
strategic spot behind my computer where
I can't see what she's doing this is the
strategic spot to sit Jazmin way what's
your names humble and what's her name
sandy left
we ordered Swiss Chalet mashed potatoes
my mattress and I'm an attempt eat pasta
I was ordering myself a roll I don't
know who I think I am like I have some
sort of teeth to chew this with but we
will figure it out and we get in the
work session oh and we haven't a good
time and these are my drugs don't do
drugs yes you got your wisdom teeth out
yeah yeah she said young Oh
here's when I see how I chew I can shoot
with my friend teeth so I go like this
duckface to head then all my tastebuds
over here some was trying to like get a
little bit taste the juice is good it's
a hard-knock life me trying to connect
to my Wi-Fi on my phone is like a
never-ending struggle because the Wi-Fi
my house sucks so badly and we're no
else sucks my phone plan because every
two seconds I'm out of data comment
below if you experience I feel like I
could have enough data I think I can get
if 500 gigs of data and I'm still
running out I understand I don't
understand this is a never-ending
struggle which phone company should I be
with please tell me which phone company
are you with Jess Rogers I'm with
 Fido you Americans are no we're
talking about talking about Canadian
things right now but it's just bloody
garbage because I buddy and it's like I
come home I spend like two weeks in LA
I'm literally back for like 48 seconds
then my dad is that understand I land on
the plane of my dad as I was just the
dumbest thing ever
the struggle is to wield just two wheels
total time is 237 we still going strong
jazz did so much work today look at her
doing all that work he's such a good
girl cuz I bought her phone you did
butter today mom's right John's asleep
good bye I'm letting her go my friends
I'm letting her go home she's trying to
escape
3:38 but dude you have the time of her
life the time of her life my face gets
swollen every night feel so lucky inside
I'm feeling lucky
um I'm gonna go to sleep - because I'm
sleepy I don't know if I've logged in
off today jazz and I don't know if I did
or not I'll figure it out
if not let's just add some material
right now yeah yeah yeah yelling and
yelling yeah we're adding material to
the lock but get these locks as I go
oh cool did you cool what else can I
tell you
chapstick fish food glasses vlogging
vlogging vlogging yeah so twice a day I
have to do this mouthwash and I can't
really go up so I was kind of like
rocker back and it burns when it hits
the stitches I don't like you but it
could be worse that's fine face is like
never better
it's mostly just this side but I'm alive
I'm surviving and I'm seeing all your
wonderful tweets and messages you guys
are so sweet and cute um today I have a
big feeling I'm gonna have five million
subscribers we unicorn Island is gonna
give gained 5 million residents
hopefully that happens today so stay
tuned on Twitter and all that jazz and I
am going to go to sleep I guess I did a
lot of work today and I scheduled a lot
of shoots and I did it on purpose
because like I don't have the shoots
completely mapped out when I schedule
them I force myself to so like made a
Facebook event saying shoot at my house
this day people come because I need
extras so that's gonna force me to do it
that day and I won't have a choice so
that's why I forced myself to do work I
put myself in a situation where I can't
turn back um me and that's tough I'm no
wash meme out and walk OCD on one wake
up and I'm still me chipmunk run you
tomorrow
it's call me a day yeah wait is that
helping the chipmunks I'm not really
sure actually to be fast I'm just
talking crap now either watch your mouth
go to sleep oh yeah wonderful day thank
you so much for your kind love words
it's working you are the best and I love
you and if you liked it spread if you
liked it subscribe and if you liked it
subscribe
