what in my life about what has my life
even about right now
I have an interview in two hours cars
gonna pick me up in like an hour and a
half and my pimple has just decided to
take over my face and my liver solon ice
on it this ice is so cold
I don't wanna complain sir i'ma show
charity like how ugly isn't usually I
don't say things are ugly but this is so
ugly of course I like fiddled with it
this morning trying to get rid of it
that's why it's like cuz I don't listen
I'm an idiot now it's just Seoul and I
my even a message as I'm like is there a
possibility to postpone this interview
because even I think this looks ugly and
usually I'm like pretty cool stuff and
then she said no so situation right now
in the next 30 minutes I'm gonna try to
get rid of this pimple I have an
interview downtown answers on my lip um
and I have a dinner and then I come back
home it's video day and I got a host of
vine and tomorrow's my surgery my life
right now I I'm sorry I might be a bit
of a baby in this vlog but you gotta
give me a break because I'm mortified
about the surgery tomorrow literally I
am so scared
okay so my team Abbate and I'm getting
ready when my team super shirt my web
blazer my world leather jacket him
decided yet so it's kind of better like
when you look at my face you can't see
right away cuz the rest of my makeups
distracting now I need to make that
executive decision work do I think
lipstick is gonna make this better or
worse now I'm sure you're probably
screaming at your computer because you
have a common sense to know the answer
you probably know don't brown lipstick
or yes problems I don't know the answer
I feel like I want to say lipstick might
make it better right I'm think would
bring red lipsticks that I can wear this
plaid thing but I'm not really sure
hey you know what you got red lipstick
ain't no turning back so I'm not trying
to think like usually lips was good on a
camera switch on TV it makes that pop
when you don't wear you look very pale
so like although my natural lip colors
play pinky like I don't anything on
right now I don't know what to do let me
message ads hey jazz always knows
everything hurts like oh yes hello ha ha
ha I need help
do you think lipstick is gonna make this
worse or better like to cover up
something you think better I also
thought better hmm
you just know because I'm thinking about
already you know what you put on red
like nano turning back so you think
better okay I'm gonna take your word
print and this is being vlogs if I like
idiots everyone knows it's your fault
okay cool okay bye jazz says better so
we're gonna do better
jazz knows all
pretty good I'm tying said they saw
these being modems like I'm planning to
turn this way I'm gonna ask her if I can
sit this way usually wouldn't care of my
lip is literally swollen but I think the
lipstick to make it better like Carol I
tell that much right guys two points
this is what I'm fighting with right now
I'm like the weather dragged on top of
this might put a chain here we'll see
how many minutes I got 18 minutes that's
duty so here's a next dilemma if I sit
this way I actually always sit this way
I'm not other people really cares what
sides but like if they give me a
preference I'll pick one because my hat
always goes this way like always so when
you're this way you can see my snap
backwards when I'm this way looks a bit
odd so now I sit this way I'm thinking I
have to work straight back or something
right
oh it's so weird I mean my uber decided
with interviews for et Canada and it's
like et America Entertainment Tonight
this is very cool and I just realized in
the car like I'm gonna say this sounds
so stupid but this literally as soon as
I was walking out the doors like wait
I'm hungry damn did I forget to eat I
literally forgot to eat like I forgot
just didn't know it was a thing and I
realized it's like for I have not
breakfast or lunch or anything in this
light you can see it amazing breakfast
and lunch in an evening I mean she can
look how cool that is oh my God look at
all the coolness of a set is actually I
not just saying this because they're in
front of me I'm actually really
impressed with the set you should go to
places and they sucked but this is not
sucky and I appreciate that this is a
thing you're in the blood hi he's asking
me questions about my life and
validating me and lucky T's over there
over there he's about to phone home get
it and we're done Jason did a great job
as a Japanese American okay there you go
this is world's coolest set look mama
Mon et Canada you can't get mad at me no
more for being a weirdo
ya think coolest whatever your fastest
most efficient interview ever I walked
into a ride to go there like I'd have a
seat let me ask the questions BAM all
the light was set up I appreciate that
yeah so I looked straight to the camera
so it didn't even matter with the side
thing because no matter what you guys
thought whatever
I'm Sam and I'm fine haha and I kept
saying this that was so cool but the set
was really cool I've seen a few cool
sets in my time this was probably the
second coolest second or third the
coolest one was in UK for sure
why did an interview and they had my
channel banner just like a 360 across
the whole thing that was really cool um
yeah awesome set it's gonna suppose come
on on Tuesday but I'll keep you posted
course on my twitter when it will come
on and yeah I'm really excited about
this now I'm chilling in the green room
I have a dinner with Jasper and I don't
know that you know saria's sorry jazz
and Jasper so Jasper's the one who runs
fan fest so he's the one who brought me
to Mumbai to Sydney to Singapore and
he's in Toronto and I'm in love you
should know if you know I think well me
I'm in love with the fan fest people I'm
in love with Jasper and his company um
we're having dinner so I'll introduce
you Jasper and but I'm like a full hour
I'm looking at my watch as if it says
now it doesn't even have time um I like
a full hour early so just probably set
my nose so I had time look I came to
visit Hey we have you on this oh wait
wait wait
sorry so we had you on the Proctor and
we're filming right yeah and someone's
like wait I know that girl I'm looking
and they were like it was one of the
camera guys like that's that Lilly and
he's like who's Lily
that's right is it who's Lily I know her
superwoman books looked at Lily this is
another set which go from set to set
right now fancy look house fancy rich
look today yeah you know I just place it
up my much on everything
all I can you bring my ball
this is Jazz's brother jazz has a
brother John brother this is him please
enjoy I got this was her laugh I played
Foley
that so he's chillin yo what's up look
who I'm with
hello look one where hey hey what's up
were seeing each other so often it's
wonderful it's wonderful
look at this wonderful this masti do the
six my CDs my video I can see all the
refractions look perfection so don't
scratch your bums burning yellow city
yeah we here I'm not eating it the best
ready in my year we're so late we're
really really late 37 minutes three
things all jobs well it's not like this
really go well because I should have a
word i Michael - pick me up like a
useless human being
imagine brother today I know what they
did oh they met Oh how'd you like my
brother I know I'm cool right I don't
know it's pretty cool
as well before I lose my life tomorrow
super I've talked about you already
Jasper this is the man fan fest
Robin India before especially this is my
vlogging camera cameras there
you seen one of these definitely does it
take video it takes it takes video right
now
my gosh
fanfest juniors who brought me and we
got some exciting stuff playing right
a big year when lily and we're we're in
love with each other
I love fan fest
he's doing a task that's very different
from bias I love that so in honor of me
getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow and
being swollen not be pretty foods we're
gonna get a veggie dog Charles Street
meat is the thing to do right here hot
dog stuff you don't have any no they
don't have veggie dogs I'm so sad
they're gonna cry guys I wanted a veggie
dog so badly I'm that way now okay we're
gonna try finding another one because
jazz is taking care of me right now
we're trying to find street meat Toronto
Street meat is amazing follow you
Americans that have never been to
Toronto I know in your streets they boil
hot dogs and ours actually have grills
and they grill it Toronto Street meat is
the best thing ever so on the hunt for
veggie dogs so we've decided to go to
Chipotle instead first time of me ever
going to spoil in Toronto welcome to my
city dou T dot the six you know what's
up love my city more than anything
Toronto pride for life doc since
hydrogen after peace open at the enough
to go home and still make a video would
I think I am right now and goes to mine
Oh first cameras like this is the worst
thing of my life in a fire bullet this
is why this is why did you move tell it
everything is that about Toronto in the
last a goddess this is why cuz they burn
LA it was still black video still be
away we opened 11 so we're staying my
life so we found the place
she's making a hard dollar right all
right now I'm very excited about this I
was a boutique look at the sea in the
tower so pretty that's most food rollers
oh is the rapper's clothes reference
colors hey
so I'm terrified about tomorrow Mike I'm
actually terrified I'm terrified jazz
you're gonna become the new superwoman
should anything happen to me there's
gonna be balloon
I know literally I'm gonna wheel I'm
probably gonna make a video like oh the
chipmunk boys this is gonna happen so
anything I put on the top I'm excited
for you yeah
jazz is the police cookie person ever
it's fucking great it's great
sup some finally home oh man the way it
is cold is freezing cold I'm so tired
but I'm going to I gotta do quick me too
I love makeup I gotta do a quick
campaign video for youtube and I gotta
post my Thursday video which I think I
want to resort to a Q&A for which I am
NOT a fan of Q&A is because I feel like
not everyone enjoys those but I need to
get from sleep before my hell tomorrow
so I'm going to do this and I hope
that's okay with you I'm gonna get to
work on that stay tuned I am scared I am
scared of situations in which I'm not in
control I'm scared of being drugged put
to sleep I think that's what I'm most
scared I'm not even too scared about the
pain cuz everyone's like oh the pain of
the kills I know that I've gone through
a lot of painful things but I'm more
scared of the drugging part like not
being in control scares me I'm scared of
that like what if I don't wake up what
if I wake up and let God delete my
youtube channel or what if I don't know
I could things could get crazy um and
then second to that yes the pain I've
heard the pain is quite winning all for
removed as well so send me positive
thoughts because I'm scared by the time
you will see this video it would have
already happened so by the time this is
uploaded and you see it I will look I
will be a mess
so either apple on my behalf yummy food
on my behalf
Pierce on this this is my heaven I'm
gonna go to bed I'm gonna wait for this
to finish my upload it and I go to bed
gonna read in the meantime I'm horrified
I know I'm acting like the biggest baby
ever but I'm horrified I know I'm I
think I'm also horrified like the idea
of not being able to work like there's
no way I'll be able to record a video
because of it because my face will be a
pumpkin
senri pleasant tweets as soon as you're
done watching this lot okay let me so
much if you like its gun if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe bye
face but
