don't like him no no look at me I'm
hideous
I'm kidding we are beautiful every
single okay my mouth was broken has
gotten progressively worse this wisdom
tooth that's coming at is making my
mouth so I'm gonna add this it's not a
cool I've never heard a cult in my life
I can see very clearly that it's a
pimple it's just like here it I don't
know if you can relate but if you've
ever tried popping on pimple on your lip
it is so painful this is so painful so
here hurts and here hurts this is my
mouth is broken
my mother's brother got a lot got punch
on the pheasant bit up yo ugly no I
don't think anybody's ugly but I hope
you still want to be my friend but good
news is PETA is slowly dying I know it
doesn't seem like it right now but I can
feel that he's dying so hopefully with
time my face will stop being a pepperoni
pizza in other news I made myself a
mother F minute delicious egg this
important he was delicious let me tell
you about this egg though I've got two
eggs I put it in a bowl I whipped that
ish I put salt
I put pepper I put a little bit of
spinach I put a little bit of mushrooms
okay i fried that ish okay I put a slice
of cheese on that I put in between two
pieces of bread and I ate that ish what
I do I ate that I ate that ish all right
good um noms gonna do a quick interview
before Jaz kills me because I haven't
done it and she said I need to do aah oh
my god look the Sun my sleeping pattern
I've been fixing Stoli yeah okay I would
like 130 but it's better than for better
than for and I get to see Sun is making
me very happy I'm thrilled
shut up Lilly do the interview yeah
what's going on um so I am going to the
dentist so my wisdom teeth situation
needs to be addressed and I went to the
same dentist two years ago he told me to
take my wisdom teeth out but then the
pain went away I don't know if you
remember like two years ago a year ago I
was complaining my wisdom teeth and then
I don't know where went away and I was
like oh okay great fantastic not a
problem anymore um and now they're back
but now I know for sure like I can feel
my tooth like coming out and it's and
her things so I'm headed to that same
dentist and he's excluded a check I was
time I'm like just Tom to take them all
right away like
right now right here but pearly things
don't work like that so he needs to do
like an x-ray first um that's what I'm
gonna go do right now and hopefully he
tells me that this in the next two days
you can see my wisdom teeth out cuz the
only gap I have where I can look like a
chipmunk imagine how many vines and
videos I can make as chipmunk I'm so
excited so we're headed to the dentist
right now and I don't like the dentist I
think he's a Ebola I don't like that
dentist not did I mention that I don't
like the dentist I want to show you this
huge ridiculous jacket I'm wearing right
now so I had this thing why I'm always
cold but I don't like wearing jackets
it's the weirdest contradictory thing
ever I don't want my winter jacket cuz
like eight years old and you know me and
pretty low maintenance don't care about
things but even I think it's ugly enough
I think it's ugly it's really ugly
because I wear a lot of ugly crap but
it's like poo green really ugly I've
told you before and I don't know why you
don't buy new jackets right now I'm
wearing like when white moms or dads
jackets right now and I just don't have
a nice winter jacket so I refused to
wear one but right now we're to the
dentists all wear but like otherwise I
don't like wearing jackets and this is
my problem like I buy new t-shirts every
day I have 700 t-shirts why do I do that
why not buy things I need like winter
jacket you know we're gonna buy winter
jacket that's gonna happen one of the
mall literature but I look forward to
jacket that I also want some temple and
shoes don't you say it's do i initial I
didn't know shoes but this is my problem
we're gonna buy one too jacket we're
gonna jazz has a nice finish I she has
this red bench one I won't read bent
jacket you won't do that bench
I'm sorry you didn't do anything all
right the man just stick up all of his
tools inside my mouth and the verdict is
due this Friday it's going down it's
going down
basically she's like Oh what about next
week's songs I look at my calendar I'm
like I don't know like nine days after
that I got a judge Chase's dance
competition I'm like what if I'm still
mash up look is there any earlier days
like well there's one afternoon where we
don't really recommend like he's never
gonna empty stomach come on girl I wake
up at 2:00 p.m. you give me that
appointment so Friday's gonna happen
which means for a week I'll be like
totally out of commission I'll still try
to vlog but if I'm in like excruciating
pain that I won't um which means going
after prop to videos as well oh my god
this is like a thing a thing is
happening right this is a thing don't be
high for a browser and be like oh yeah
someone's got a vlog bad got a vlog bet
yo so I am terrified I'm so scared but
we're not gonna think about it at all is
that what crapload of things do before
Friday I'm gonna do something really
cool I'm going to a mall right now and
do this teens for jeans thing it's
really cool it's my dosomething.org and
it's a campaign that with Aeropostale
it's a really long campaign and it's
really cool you basically donate jeans
and they I'm sure bring the emos so they
don't eat jeans you donate jeans sorry
and then they help distribute those
jeans to like homeless youth around the
country and it's really cool so I'm
going to go to Aeropostale and donate
some jeans right now if you want do the
same thing you can sign up at teens for
jeans calm put the link in the
description my tweeted about as well but
I was like you good causes I'm all for
it so I'm gonna go donate some Jane's
right now is what I'm gonna do hey hey
mom and me are off to the mall because
we're gonna donate some jeans don't eat
the knees and my face is broken but
that's okay because we're gonna donate
some G donate some G
no need some cheese mommy mommy mommy
mommy and man come on in tom engines oh
we're heading to Aeropostale or postal
and I post daily air pasta what is it I
don't really know donating genes in the
mouth so cold outside for no reason I'm
astonished Irish about 26 years of
winter it was small there's so many new
places mall yeah you know the key chains
mile marker mark mark em mark come
Aeropostale oh I see it we are
approaching hair pasta the mission to do
an edgy get done game oh my god I found
Bethany Bethany let's go see what's up
and how we do this let's see what's up
at how we do this we have a lot of nice
clothes do some shopping after yo just
saying hi I am going to jump up jeans
all right we'll do pictures sure no
worries
nice to meet you show you rock shows up
oh alright alright let's donate these
jeans and then I got 20% off as well
freaking amazing this thing outside that
I couldn't see make a difference drop
off your jeans
Oh Drive shake them out of the bags I
have to do should I not be like him I'm
a tomb on the bag I can't put them in
the grocery store a bag I have yeah mom
helped me Mom
ma'am can you open the bag no one else
put it in a bag I don't have it all the
person put in the bag I was gonna bring
it in an other grocery store I thought
no I have a bit more pride than that
okay donating to jeans good causes I'm
all for good causes thank you so much
for email me about this like I said if
you want the same thing like the
description I'm gonna do some shopping
now
yo so I just bought some timberlands I
wanted to move in Boots because like I
still have the back of the day and then
I feel like they went out of style but I
always loved them still and I see people
rocking them like oh yeah so I bought
some two million boots I bought a new
snapback and I'm heading home because my
everything hurts
because my mouth hurts nem hungry
and I have to pee and I don't want to
pee and a party other people pee on
that's my thoughts that's the conclusion
that's a summary of my thoughts right
now money I always wanted a friend to
come home to ensure all the things I
bought shopping like cuz I'm a
Shopaholic so I like no one really cares
but I wish I'd come on one big girl
look how Steph ibattz all girl boy
there's raw stuff I bought first of all
got my new Raptors snapback on those old
logo but it's okay cuz I really liked
the denim eprint I dug the denim II vibe
so I got that rock toes breathing door
and I got Tim's yeah so hard to do
things with one hand okay good it
catches Imani tunes there man boots I
love them and that's my life and I'm
gonna eat removing myself stir-fried
probably and I resided on Thursday since
it will be my last meal I'm gonna have
mac and cheese on Thursday and I'm
looking forward to it so much 11 eating
healthy thus far um I'm gonna eat you
gotta do some printing for my dad got to
print some stuff for my accountant and
then we got some work to do because am I
not a think I'm going to prepare two
videos do I have enough time to do that
i'ma just gonna say I'm taking a week
off I haven't decided yet ideally you
know me I'm a workaholic I want to
prepare two videos but I also wanna make
sure they're good ones so we're gonna
think about it we're going to make a
star fry now chef Lillian house making a
stir-fry got my whole wheat pasta about
broccoli green peppers red peppers I got
cabbage radish carrots onions mushrooms
spinach it's all gonna go on a Szechuan
/ Diana sauce little concoction a mom is
laughing over here I mean this is going
down in the hood and put some spice in
the scone me good time it's gonna be
good
my masterpiece sound pretty so thank God
I got my appointment for Friday because
I'm impressed we heard anymore now I
just got to chew like lopsided like this
how do I look
touch this on my mouth yeah you'll be so
proud of me actually just lie down for
20 minutes on the jet got up you know
usually when I lie down I just I'm gone
I lie down 20 mins earned myself some
hot chocolate I have a conference call
right now um myself some hot chocolate
and I appreciate the hot chocolate was
expired but stay tuned we'll see what
happens
but with conference CO you ain't mug
also superwoman mug yes I am I got it
for me
um we'll see if I puke back into it
after this hot chocolate yo so the pilot
think that'll fit in my room is getting
bigger and bigger and bigger
um I am in that mood where like I don't
I've done some work I've done a good
amount of work I don't want to do
anything else now it's midnight and then
I take a shower
I know maybe snuggle up in bed me you me
blushing like watch a movie and I don't
really do things like that when I'm
alone but I found like that gonna be
quite relaxing watching a movie by
myself
we're like shows or something you know
yeah my conference call didn't go as
planned so my mood kind of went so I got
worked out not as much as I could've but
you know tomorrow is another day it's
all good
and tomorrow is Wednesday what right now
is Wednesday and I'm thinking maybe I
should take the week off I'm still
debating if I should take the week off
or attempt to make two videos let me get
Thursday video regardless it's the
Monday video where I'm a bit like I'm
not going to be able to do that
I don't really know I'll decide tomorrow
tomorrow what we were doing is I have a
conference call at 2:00 watching the
Raptors game at 8:00 and walk walk walk
walk walk walk that's what's happening
I Milwaukee my body in the shower now
and look them up with the in dip
am I always this weird I feel like even
if this camera wasn't here I'd still do
the exact same thing so don't think that
this is not done putting on like I'm
this way I'm this weird team and bactine
in this younger it's toothpaste on my
pimple you commented and told me to do
this so I'm trying it it burning I'm
eating mmm minty fresh
I gotta go to bed or lie down or watch a
movie or do something something relaxing
chapstick and toothpaste
yeah me that's really gross um see I
hope you had a wonderful day
and hope you're happy hope you're
smiling hope it all that is this drool
well this is drool drool all on my shirt
we're we're real close right now we're
for friends we're friends right now are
we a wonderful day no period tomorrow I
will see y'all tomorrow
thanks for joining me on another day in
my life if you liked it subscribe
actually if you liked it like actually
this job if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe you like that's
about it just pulled a connor franta
if you liked it subscribe
