hi
guess what PAC TV lives welcome back to
losing blood today's gonna be a sick day
I woke up had myself some breakfast it
was nice and calm but that stops now he
was gonna get intense here's the mission
late we are what are we doing I'm gonna
shoot a thing on I write a thing I'm a
call girl show look at my emails imma
drink lots of water
speaking of which it was full give me
the points and I gotta pee
here's why I don't like drinking water
because I always have to keep peeing and
peeing so any fishes to waste of time
you know like stop what you're doing on
the toilet pee and it's just this it's
like I could be creating art you know
unless my pee is art time to do makeup
I've something to say and I'm nothing's
gonna be a popular opinion by any means
but my hair is starting to really really
annoy me as I'm like I can't do anything
oh my god doctor I can't do anything
with it it's just so long so under
baiting to like maybe get it layered or
highlight or something I haven't decided
but I'm playing with the idea in my head
because right now it's like it's just a
hot mess all the time it's like I put my
bindi in the wrong spot not too shabby
give it a point Real Talk me leaving
anywhere to go anywhere is such a
disaster noise caring the 100 things
like a bag a phone a blogging camera
drink I'm always dropping crap leave me
leaving any establishment Oh a hot
goddamn mess
well we're off let's go I guess that's
why girls were purses I need pants with
more pockets that's the solution it's
lovely it's wonderful I always feel like
wonderful but also stupid when I'm here
because a lot of things I react to him
like what are this thing I've never
heard of before but they lie to me and
say I do a good job so that's why I love
them give me the coins for there we
killed it being productive
and now we're gonna shoot another
episode every time I do our youtubers
react I get so inspired by benny and
rafi zefa and my bros empire company
they got going on with the offices and
the employees not something I've been
thinking more and more about getting
like an office space although like that
means I have like I should go somewhere
and even my house but like I've been
thinking more and more about it so this
is really inspirational but now I gotta
go home I gotta stop to get some labels
from my label maker and some other stuff
and then I got a team home so let's go
you're in Hollywood win a lot of times
we do things in Hollywood I get process
like that when I did the Ambrose SWAT
walk they were protesting outside being
like cover yourself up Jesus will not
forgive you for your sins and I just
like time in place I think right now
there go testing against same-sex
marriage you went hollywood west
hollywood really pick a time and place
we're not the majority it's actually my
favorite thing about living in LA
everyone is so open-minded like there's
not a way you could dress or a sexual
preference you could have a belief that
you can have that is not accepted it is
like so open-minded so I love both this
I mean I teach the wrong god that's you
do your thing I'm gonna keep driving
just being like home different I'm from
a team call let's do it like I mention
every Sunday I have a team called my
team their camera team called you so we
can go over the week get everybody
excited get everyone pumped and on the
same page the boss is here
I um oh wait I didn't turn you off cuz
we're full of secrets didn't call
success
give her the point in me trying to keep
everyone hyper second all the energy all
the optimism I now have 45 minutes and
totally for the show Samba first of all
drop something and then second of all
I'm gonna keep working on the closet
nigga I'm an embarrassment I'm a shame
to my family I'm a failure every once in
a while your organizational Queen EPSA
and I got containers that are slightly
too big this is what I'm gonna do okay
listen I am the calm down that is what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna leave those
containers store containers because I
also have upstairs cause dude I'm gonna
go right here after the show I'm going
to and I'm gonna resolve this before I
sleep tonight this will all be resolved
because this will not extend past this
weekend they cannot it's Shang I will
fix this
I swear also going to show here is about
that yours about that is that English
rewind here's all we want to get any
type of cha I'm going to grace Van der
waals show and I think I'm gonna be
surprising her just a little bit stand
by
are you ready first mission pride great
van der waals
super talented super sweet she has a
show in LA she doesn't know I'm coming
so here's what's gonna happen you're
gonna go inside the target yeah together
one day comment below don't like my big
stuff you mean you're gonna make for me
yes okay the friendship is blossoming I
don't want to take so much of your time
oh thank you so much for having me I'm
so proud of you you're so tough so in
other photo
I'm taller than you oh my goodness you
little pony poverty I can just like with
my same age - it's great
Lily Lily
this is my Redemption lunch IKEA God
give me the point grace is like her
voices for now I'm doing that thing that
I always go through when I meet people
that are significantly younger than me
that are like absolutely killing it so
talent look what am I doing with my life
oh my goodness these users gonna take
over the world she's so probably
talented and you guys gonna call a wild
I know she's really excited about us
meeting so I'm glad I got to do that I'm
glad I got to see her perform but now
and had an hour through the closet I
gotta write a script I gotta watch The
Walking Dead the night is young let's do
it
what's poppin the time is 1144 p.m. scar
the shower had to wake myself up because
now it's time to write a script on my
video shoot tomorrow and if and only if
I finish the script now reward myself
with Luke walking da
okay I'm pretty much done writing my
script I have to put it into script
format and clean it up at his 12:30 I'm
randomly so tired I'm not gonna watch
long again I'm gonna responsibly go to
bed tweak this a bit more let's see how
we did today
don't with baby no we can watching
this today on my main child abuser man
come on you little sneak peek I don't
understand why you're upset I did
everything I could
recently it seems like nothing I do is
good enough that was cute
I'm just not sure if I'm satisfying her
anymore
no one else Oh like but it's okay I love
it so many think it's so much so stay
tuned for super 60 and let me know that
the blog fam sent you sucka show me some
extra love till tomorrow where we hung
so harder again I'll see them but if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I have 20 seconds to do
whatever I want to do click there and
click there there's things you can click
and everything works on your phone no
they can't even do it if you want to be
happy you can do it but if you don't
know you'll still be happy and I feel
weird right now even though I said I was
sleepy I am sleepy but I feel those 20
seconds I'm gonna wake up and I'm gonna
be with awakened bed you'd like oh my
god we all these 20 seconds fault
