good money it's the morning time not
really if like 12 something what time is
it actually okay
oh it's 120 I like we're heading out to
get food when I come back today we have
a pretty easy day it's like a nothing
day we've all moved into one hotel room
cuz we're cheap so we're gonna be having
a slumber party right now we're on the
mission to have breakfast liver liver
warnings severe liver damage may occur
so fumble disappear so my vlogs you know
why he's never damaged there's a tire
hey let me show you something hilarious
whatever you made so you always edit the
most amazing pictures so someone ended
the picture of me humbly jazz I'm sexy
buddy who did it let's check Oh someone
found it so they don't know who made it
so jokes hi hilarious
where I'm being so lazy right now we're
going out for dinner tonight with me
jazz humble Jon be sorry and Sarah mum
so we're gonna do that in a bit I didn't
post a vine yesterday because I was so
sleepy and at that time but I'm gonna
post one today and I'm gonna get up into
work and when I say work I mean sleep
hey
I find a nail spotting or nails done cuz
they be a hot mess but this sign is
lying in our last we're just standing
here not doing anything again yeah
actually getting your nails done but
your hair did you get your nails did
put your nails didn't get your hair did
you usually what's a hair did though
nose it seems Sam does him
so now place was closed I look crazy now
place was closed for today we got
Starbucks I think humble is getting me
sick and are you feeling sick huh yeah
we're a gang stick because humble he's a
walking he's a walking disease you got
real upset
no we're there I think his cracky boys
makes him sound upset but he's not we're
all gonna take drugs knock out why yo so
we're about to leave to go to dinner
let me just Holocaust mr. K humble he's
looking very smart his jazz and a party
okay go to dinner
watching Golden Globes which I firstly
think are a bit boring but we headed to
dinner
okay so eating these wonderful
yeah
hard-working
true
so
this one's on me
so there
droning a jab passed down my shirt I'm
so full of Nutella I'm so full of
Nutella on the phone antenna like I
think there's some hair on your face so
how did you think
I think this hair some I think there's
hair on your face I can't breathe I
can't breathe
are you doing now Wow wipers off we're
going for a walk
yes we promise we go for a walk you knew
I was coming
humanity sleeping with ya watch me my
job but you're so fancy she has her own
room it wants to eat lunch this is so
fancy I sort of got you don't give me
food you don't let me sleep just so many
high standards and demand basic human
necessities so prior to this right two
seconds ago jazz and I had a
conversation over there about what we're
doing and well okay so homeless hunting
sharks we're gonna stay awake until he's
done well straw watching movie and
chicka yeah
Mikey's not that Irish like you know
right after she crazy she putting crazy
you know
no cuneus so guys have chai something
jazz earned a few points and then lost
entertained see she also likes Wizards
of Waverly Place we just learned this
that's best
Rousseau's for lifetime for life Blaine
