morning everything's in chaos my laptop
is not Google hangout inge for again Oh
a supermoon life is starting shortly
please shoot me look who it is it's you
it's you we're doing ask Superman live
it's wonderful this is jazz
this is humble humble foot is asleep so
uh huh we're eating food well with the
people I love the most
life is good like this is a true story
is this not a true story you can ask
them before I started ask super over
live I was super stressed and super
annoyed and now I'm so happy because
you're here is this not a true story yes
but the question is what's the fool in
life ends with your roommate return back
to it that's a good question
that's a good trick that's a good
question yo so we are heading downstairs
alyssia's downstairs at least you from I
love makeup you remember she's
sweetheart I used to call her mom as
well she's downstairs we have a meeting
and we had a bunch stuff to do
I'm meeting and then I have another
meeting after that and then amudha
with grace tonight so that's what's up
you might have to split ways that no one
have any friends computer you got your
coffee it happy which has lives for
coffee lives
book IV sort of place called Pinkberry
and I got
and cream yogurt looks like cookie dough
Nvidia Reese and thing and I'm gonna put
Lucy on the spot it's done this cool
place and we go eat up when I said
meaning I meant eating that's it synonym
awesome at my meeting at WME so the
first time I had to meet me WME they
brought me into this room and I'm back
in his room and this room was like I'm
not gonna tell you about the room the
room this is not the fisheye lens the
tables actually this long look at this
table look at this table how many C's is
this they don't even know they don't
even know it would take us five minutes
to count the commentary thorough this is
what danke this W me same agency is my
baby the rock and my girl question
selena gomez we've had a meeting this is
mom you may think I'm driving and
vlogging but I'm stuck in traffic and
nothing is moving so I'm having a kind
of an annoying day but I'm a positive
unicorn so I'm making the best out of it
and dancing in the car today's one of
those stupid days were like things are
like I'm late for things I'm getting
lost I'm stubbing my toe
you know she's annoying series of ends
happen but it's fine still happy
positive unicorn just you know that's
what's going on here also this trip has
been very like I already know that the
struggle to obtain a green card to move
to America is just such a long tedious
expensive process as you know I'm trying
to move to LA this year and like from
time to time when I'm here I noticed
that being a Canadian like Canadians
Americans aren't we're different and
were similar in a lot of things like we
drive on the same side of the road it's
not like I struggle to get around yada
yada yada but it's like the small things
I know some time to time one like Dan
this is so much harder as a Canadian
like there's an app called like even
directions like I don't know any back
alley ways to get place some ways stuck
in traffic and like grace just texted me
saying to download this app but everyone
heard of its called ways but like us
Canadians go and use that something okay
so let me down with it just like common
sense things that everyone else knows
here like I
don't know so it gets a little
frustrating when I'm the last I'm going
to Grace's house right now we're gonna
shoot and hang out and be human means
together so that is what's up but right
now we in all this also a lot of these
problems I could solve on my own for
example I can no longer type on my phone
because my nails are too long and I just
need to cut them note itself cut nails
type well I I told myself P before
getting the car I told myself this I
said P you have to pee I didn't pee
thirty minutes to go I have to pee so
badly why do I do this I make poor
decisions I make poor decisions have to
pee actually unbuttoned the first button
of my pants to avoid it pressing against
my bladder is that woman bladder is I'm
guessing but I'm on buttoned it that's
how badly have to pee I'm gonna text
grace being like I need a lit up floor
pen like yeah like the airplanes how
they direct you towards the exit I need
that towards the bathroom as soon as I
walk to the door I'm not an adult why am
I so dumb I have to pee so badly I keep
drinking this crap forgetting I have to
pee and it's just a downward spiral it
looks series of mistakes I can't take
back
I'm 18 minutes away I have to pee I was
enjoying a very human friend
conversation but now I'm going to vlog
you guys invaded our territory I was
sitting here and she was there we were
talking about bags and out of the car
these are here food we're talking to
slightly more vaguely as we were talking
yeah there's a giraffe over there gang's
all here great we shot a video on
Grace's channel when was it about it was
the newly friend game so for those of
you that know the old game show the
newlywed game where married couples try
and figure out things about each other
that they may or may not have known it
was Lily and I are trying to figure out
things about each other that we
definitely didn't know but guests really
hard at because we're a newly married
couple and hopefully is on your channel
by maybe next week now I am more vague
information but make sure you check that
out on the Grace's information will be
in the description so make sure if you
don't follow yourselves like really what
what are you doing in life you just
leave only living a half life really
really oh and the last time you saw me
you saw me dying to be I cuz I was in
the car being like oh my god I made it
and then I walked it I literally ran to
the bathroom I didn't hug Grayson it's a
high degree I didn't do anything I went
to pee I just PA
so I just got veggie grill and crispy
cauliflower and my life is basically a
series of having to pee being hungry
being late I'm being in this car today
so gas is going I'm gonna eat and drive
I'm gonna eat my cauliflower and drive
that's the status of tip yr honestly
what an effing day right so much to
wrestle why do I pick these times of all
room holding give you things basically I
just pulled that home
notice that my top was unbuttoned and I
don't know when that happened so I'm
really hoping that I didn't walk into
veggie girl with my top unbuttoned oh
what our days this along and a little
bit uh knowing and just spending time
with me it's nice though and she also
lives near where I was when I first came
to LA so it's very nostalgic for me to
go by that place I'm gonna move right
now and I'm gonna relax right now and I
actually have a call Sarah and have a
call right now after that it's all
relaxation I've come home to my family
and I've vented to them and to make me
feel better they thought about getting
really okay I didn't do it it was close
they're very sweet they're actually very
concerned about my bad day and now
they've made me feel better
I believe I'm obligated to say that but
they did they did how was your day
wonderful son can see how is your day
besides all those hours that I didn't
feed you you know it's just a starving
child you want to adopt just come and
pull because I'm a nun figured sin and
studio trying to get to you babe some
some some something you think I'm just
chillin wet humble the poet no we're
going to get it poppin like a bottle of
Moet oh oh oh and rhyme something with
poet go ahead don't blow it go go go
you got it you know it I already said
you know it with Lily thing with jazz
Tings neither as love believe in wedding
rings got long hair like the girl from
the ring
rhyming ring with ring like Nicki Minaj
what's up I just parked my car in the
garage and then friggin good collage yo
I just had veggie grilled it was full of
lots of thrills
okay ken hi can you not but can you be
supportive having fun here I appreciate
you putting in you star what up
that's my drink I'm with subbu
I was superwoman you know the girl with
the double eyes girl with the double
eyes I bet you have many eyes like flies
many eyes like flies and sometimes she
chills on the foo-foo on the water flies
to London
oh the poopoo yes I do do and you knew I
knew you
who knew what she could do do about the
hit 5 milli on the youtube comment I
like screw you just kidding I'm a
unicorn a rose with no thorns but she
really doesn't have a lot of thorns and
it's gonna hurt and get messy I don't
want to pay for it she is a roll lily of
the roads without thorns but don't mess
with her because she's a unicorn with a
horn
storm corn Jordan Lord scorn warned
important lily has a migraine
therefore Lily's going to go to sleep
lily has a meeting at 10:00 in the
morning on the other side of town and it
is 2 a.m.
nearly is not happy water it really has
a mustache lady is fun jazz is a meaning
I might also eat poo
this is why is Peter not going
understand Peter if you liked it
subscribe if you liked it subscribe you
like if you like it subscribe
oh by the way today two points coming on
to my main channel go and support it
today later on today okay okay bye right
