good morning team super Lazare buddy
check out my shirt with my blue pants
and my shirt I love this shirt it's
friggin phenomenal I'm gonna talk about
this whole vlog forgive me in advance it
is morning time I woke up at 11:45 which
is like a amazing improvement of course
jazz and Humber already awake
it's a Panera Bread and now we're
heading to rent some cars and then I'm
heading to a meeting and i'ma shoot i'ma
shoot with some peeps and yeah that's
what's up the sun is shining
Louie leaves me more flowers on my shoes
on my feet all right so this will just
happend humbles over there trying to get
a discount on cars so you know when you
try to get discounsel to use makeup
stores so he's like yeah cuz you know me
and my girlfriend are here and he's
talking about me and this is my reaction
so that was like your what it basically
daystrom was got me obsessed with doing
this but this we this is what homos
trying to say I don't know why he can't
just say friend but he bleeds I guess
it's true when I try to get discount
like ya mean my little sister here it
makes it so because she give us a
discount more right yeah why is that I
feel strange why we do that you know
what wall of primer it is go I'll follow
I said I didn't say anything
god I have to pretend like I'm blind to
get a discount I'll do that kidding
you're very handsome
peaking soda baking soda oh the poet I
just hit puberty
yeah
I worship
should make a series called in bricks
because here oh my god that is so far
away no it's not that far
whoa no is like fish Einstein you micro
shot a club should we be like a year in
the making
Siri trying to shoot in the Friday year
oh my god and it's happened it's
happened finally we shall finish our we
just thing for my channel and it's gonna
be splendid blokes bloody amazing
amazing legs
ChIP chip cheerio and stuff hahaha
at least I will on camera it's true I
lost my belly camera yeah I don't know
why look who else is here oh hi what's
up how are you
I like your camera I was gonna take it
yeah you get da it's cool like a fisheye
what's up I said so basically you know
I'm slowing this camera bit basically
Ricky Marcus and I filmed a flip pores
not gonna tell you who won okay one of
us I might wind up selling here yeah
I'll either for like eating just like oh
so we did flip Wars and I'm knockin tell
you wandering after wait and see it's
gonna be released on Thursday um comment
below if you think Ricky one humble if
you think I won comm below if you think
Marcus won who won predictions below
ghosts I did you have fun I don't laughs
no so much these British people Brom it
was lovely Lowry read all motion make
fun music splendid but you said splendid
look at you see how predictable how
predictable oh you do your best American
accent I'll do British he's good I was
going to say that's a good sentence then
do sentence yeah what if everyone it's
your girl superwoman but what up
everyone it's your girl superwoman
that's good apparently superwoman
doesn't have teeth
you know what everyone said girl
superwoman how do you say in British
British accent or you wouldn't say what
what up like how do you do there may its
together hey everybody it's your girl
super so you wouldn't say what have you
do hey everyone because if you say what
if I was to say what's up in British
Irby what's up know what up you say what
up what's up everybody
they're nice they're nice Ricky's just
like I'm oh my god watching so just been
shooting with this handsome fella what's
up guys and we shots before his month of
collabs
so make sure check it out when is it
starting February but hers will be at
the refit so check it out yeah make sure
to get out give it a thumbs up all that
stuff is a pleasure to shoot with and
you can find out who won the challenge
how's it find out there's a chance it
was it so I'm sweating me too literal
sweat know what we're gonna stop
recording and do ten other social media
things pretty much know so Ricky and
Marcus left and we are starving we go
get some food I hope you like the second
episode of the poor's I got the first
one in terms of used until so do so well
hope you like it and can't wait to see
who wins boot boot boot boot boot boot
boot boot boot boot boot boot boot boot
I like to point out that it's winter and
we're freezing cold teachable loves
everybody sweater on and tell until
today shameless plug was kicked real
talk though
even even if you were my friend in
standing right here is this sweater not
mad Campo is mad Q right this is what we
can't cross we can't cross it okay we
can cross R across this matter man q
thank you
we're heading to Chapel and you might
think we're gross disgust or literally
this like the only good food option yeah
there's like tether options but like
whatever grace is here
this is a monumental moment for jazz and
I first we share a rice ball right the
first time ever we finish the rice bowl
this is a moment enjoy some God
and done okay so operating to polling
each other so like Han and I'm ready
so about some cupcakes the red velvet
cupcakes y'all gonna eat them I feel
like a kid I need two hands hold oh I
thought we were gonna take a bite
together but obviously friendship means
nothing these days pretty good though
this girl will take it together cuz
we're true friends alright ready here we
go it's pretty good there's no Suzy
cupcakes I'm pretty good I dry L know I
was pretty good know what Spri good bein
osuzu cupcakes right all right so let me
explain to you why I love jazz just as
great ideas like for example this is my
suitcase on the floor and I hate living
out of a suitcase and I was looking for
my deodorant and then I destroyed my
suitcase then I was like okay I think I
should hang up all of my clothes in this
closet right here because organization
whatever jazz crabs over here on the
floor and neat piles with it sounds like
dude am I really gonna put all these
clothes in the closet like hang up each
one and I literally stirred here for at
least three minutes being like am I
really gonna do this
Jes said why don't you just drag it
inside the closet therefore it's in the
closet but not hung up so now I'm just
gonna move this mess in there just
grabbin a jazz can vlog it off are you
God alright alright here we go
very good oh why don't you thumbs for
it's like twice your size all right it's
been nice hi welcome to the Josh show I
get this bed all to myself
haha
yeah I know smart bird thank you this
here your ears for ya yo your drink is
on my side of bedroom no look what I got
I told everyone that the first person to
write a comment under my Monday and
Thursday videos on YouTube gets a first
comment card look at that look at that
here we go here we go and I'm going to
sign them all right now seems
authentically signed by me if you care
about that it's true
ya know just a reminder that the 14th is
ask Superman live and today is the damn
it to you is the 14th so check the
description below to find out when ask
sperm live is should be around two-ish
hours from now if this blog post on time
check it on my youtube channel
youtube.com slash I don't have a super
moon life
hey Miranda vlog now because because
tired look at these eyes diet diet
because dad also because Dad okay if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it don't lock it
that's up Craig get your team super
shirts because they're almost off sale
shameless promotion yeah
you
