morning I'm going to cab in my PJs
heading home from Wendy's house look at
that last night I washed my face as I
promised I would wash my face I'm so
proud of myself I'm heading home today's
Chase's birthday so we're gonna go
downtown for his birthday dinner but
first mobile home
I legitimately start like 45 minutes
last night I couldn't sleep all night
you know she could not sleep so I slept
like four seconds I'm gonna have some
breakfast
yeah but 2015 started with adult classy
decisions oh oh man that was a
much-needed girls night out
I generally hate clubbing but like when
I'm with the when I'm with the three
girls on four four of us it's a good
time and that club is like so low-key
and like good music nothing else um one
second
what'd you say mom okay thanks going in
the fridge you don't let cheese mom come
on uh-huh yeah sounds like a much-needed
girls night it was great someone Compton
I pictured being like I hope your
hangover is not bad boo I do not get
hangovers I do not get hangovers I don't
mean to be like thebomb.com but I think
I've had hangover once in my entire life
I just don't get hung over so don't
drink that much and I don't like get to
that point and you even still like I'm
really my body's really good like that
like I just don't do hangovers so no I
don't have a hangover oh I'm all dads
are my feet hurt my feet hurt all right
let's brush and even do adult things
stop look at me in full vacation mode
I'll guess if you know me well guess
what I did from the last times log to
right now yeah such a good nap and it
was really long I didn't wake up but not
emergency could've Chase's birthday
waiting for my uber I'm like debating
I'm about to wear these heels
usually I wouldn't but I'm like I'm
moving it they're out they were walking
much then I can put some use of the
shoes and feel better about buying the
shoes you know under these saw over
these socks and I mean the bed ting stay
tuned
where did you come from
I do that sometimes yeah say you can
afford food I know all right well
because we're gonna pay for it is it
named so nose actually licked you yeah
you did
that's though you're still looking weak
bit deenis you may recognize the phantom
from the time his body was a donkey in
my previous vlogs and also from the time
that he got stitches when we were
playing laser tag you're the same guy
you recognize all these people they're
my friends I pay them to spend time with
me I hope you know we're playing a cake
with d-triple-c no boys and all of a
sudden is like new plane came out of
nowhere it's no boys there's no boys
alive so I'm sorry either get a sex
change or just gonna plan that same time
guys you're all invited to I'll let you
know the resort
so get this episode we went over all the
other jobs began to do the ender that
pyramid math science history
so you've actually never my wishes I
could blow the ball at the citrine okay
what did you guys get the cave
you're parking for me too soon is that
me batty the cake too
every baby
back in my pajamas my stomach hurts
I think something I ate is like upset my
stomach I don't know but my stomach's
not feeling good this time 41 I'm
thinking maybe I should jump in bed soon
because tomorrow working for she starts
again the last two days I've been like
chilling as a fine guy age to do and
it's because everyone else is on
vacation so no one's getting back to any
of my emails and normal people are on
vacation but all of that resumes from
her oh so full fledge work force ahead
2015 officially starts the hustle and
grind tomorrow so I'm thinking that I go
to bed early try to wake up early since
every day but I hope they actually do it
and make it happen
that's the plan I'm gonna wash my face
first I probably take a few selfies
first let makeups pretty on point and
that's all I want to dress something and
a lot of my comments you've liked on
these move to LA Leigh's move to LA
today there's no definite date when I'm
moving to LA I do at some point the
first time I'm actually saying out loud
at some point this year I do plan to
move to LA because I go back and forth
so often um so I do want to get a place
there having said that I'll come back to
Toronto just as much though so I'll
probably still be going back and forth
because I can't live without my family
and friends but as I do play plan to get
my own place in LA at some point this
year so I don't know when could be three
months monogamy for months now we do
months from now I don't know when
whenever Obama gives me that green card
is when that's gonna happen but yes that
is true that I will move to LA this year
so
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
this guy if you like it subscribe make
them yours I'm gonna try to fight
