good morning I live in the North Pole
good morning I had initially actually
woke up before my alarm I don't know how
I'm gonna tell you how they're gonna
think I'm weird
I sleep later when it's dark in the room
so last night I was like you know what
let me try and open my curtains
completely this morning I woke up three
minutes before my alarm about 1:00 p.m.
my alarms at 103 p.m. don't ask why um
then I made the irresponsible decision
like I was awake until I could get at
them oh yeah whatever I'll just show now
it's 4:30 p.m.
let me show you the weather right now
you ready for this whole lot you ready
for this that's the weather right now
that's a situation um it's not pretty
I'm still going coverage now I don't
care Sheena's all like I'm sick I'm not
feeling good I'm like no no you everyone
needs to stop take some meds sort
yourself out okay because it's happening
that's in pretty hectic whether it's the
most snow I've seen all year so yay I am
going to have some breakfast cuz you
know that's appropriate at this time
then I'm going to release if I take a
shower do all that jazz but yeah it's
gonna be a fun day bye hey oh my god but
first let me tell you about this okay
you can probably relate to this I'm sure
that's the most relatable thing we're
about to say right now
I could literally pay for billion
dollars every month and my phone data
will still run out I thought I'll never
have a decent phone plan so a couple
days ago my data right now I was just
shocking to because I'm not even here
most of the time so for me to come home
turn on my Canadian number cuz I'm an
American number and Canadian number and
for to say your dad is running out like
how was my soul using the data while I
wasn't here I don't get it I'm just so
fed up I feel like I pay so much every
month and still my data runs out and the
Wi-Fi my house sucks which is shocking
because I should have amazing Wi-Fi but
it's not an option like call my phone
company be like you won't cancel this
ish I ain't even frontin like I'm gonna
find a phone company has unlimited data
and just like can you give me this
unlimited data cuz I cannot with you
anymore like but then the next thing I'm
gonna move to LA soon see you see yes
see God and that's a fun foam car that
works in both so much work so much work
to be done Sam
somebody take a shower
spent 20 minutes debating I'm gonna wash
my hair ladies you know what it is like
prequel it's like I wash my hair like
how look when it dries is there enough
time for to drive this whole thing so I
decided to watch it got so many hours
last few days I've been chilling I feel
like I finally have gotten to vacation
I'm needed because I've been like
sleeping him not overworking myself I
guess hey I watched two movie today I
did nothing I did one email one vine
said what I mean like I did a few things
but that's like very bare minimum for me
usually I do like 10,000 things now I'm
gonna go with my girls it's like I'm
feeling you know this our feeling right
now how my shoulder is how I'm feeling
right now
so yeah I'm like yo today I'm just gonna
take three hours to get ready I don't
need to rush I would take my time maybe
maybe I'll straighten my hair I don't
really I'm not really about straining
here but I'm like yo maybe I will wash
me I take a long shower in it I'm just
just chill I'm just chilling right now
wash my air and now my back is so clean
but my washroom nah clean but my back T
so okay he sucks okay somehow someway
don't have red nail polish reject this
I'm about to some black nail polish look
how long my nails are like that's
ridiculous
so I'm broke but like I need to like get
them done because my nails be head alone
right now and I'm vlogging now because
we all know I'm gonna do my nails
attempt to vlog I put my nails I'm the
worst at nails can you agree I am the
absolute worst at nails it would not be
on my resume I guess what I'm doing
guess what I'm doing I'm still vlogging
what my nails are wet my mom sews which
made me food because she lets me in she
cares about me asparagus with meatless
chicken burrito very healthy whole we
everything feeling good watching some
grace I usually watch youtube videos
when I eat my nails are still wet so
when I turn this vlog off guaranteed
they're gonna be act up just 100% before
I continue usually how bad am i nails
look like what what even like I'm deed
decent you know decent but then there's
like nails like this but I have one of
those things that bullet go around the
edges and remove it so I just this
struggle is to there needs to be a
solution for this I feel I feel like
it's 2004 it's 2015
I need to go
so I'm gonna start the getting ready
process of course I've totally
overestimated the time I have my hair
soaking wet I have to leave an hour my
hair soaking wet I not remotely even
right here but straighten my hair
everybody's happen straight back oh whoa
oh my goodness I just realized this is a
monumental moment which videos is from
test wait wait wait wait wait wait so
this should be a giveaway freakin
necessary how girls get ready you see
real life but facts the facts Brooke
that what's up on Z suddenly my eyes are
might change color with my makeup I
don't understand so remember I told you
that we try to go out with like track
pants in the glare I'm wearing tights
this is gonna be my outfit and I'm gonna
wear boots and I'm so ecstatic I'm so
comfortable I'm on my dance the night
away yeah okay so my uber is here I'm
heading to none the news house but you
gonna get this party started so cold
outside after my winter jacket on top
they're discussing the time during my
vlog and how they can improve from last
this unit hi everyone my name's Sheena I
love all hey no one believes you're
normal if you're my friend you can be
Amal they know this but last time I was
like so huh nice to meet you think she
was really weird last time yeah do you
think she's really weird last time but
little does she know how I am in these
vlogs
none Deniz like naked over there so can
you put on clothes can you put on
clothes I come in like she's not naked
she's changing he's not naked okay she
wants me to tell you she's not naked
real talk though we were supposed to go
to this event today I don't know event
as in a club we're going to place and it
isn't it's low-key like a music yeah she
tells everyone's like Oh everybody puts
like sweatpants on like look like cross
like whatever do you see this face okay
let me okay I now stay don't do makeup
like that I said look at her I'm not
waiting right on the sub I didn't look
at her look at her studs on her shirt
I'm wearing tights and home Babu I'm not
like I'm wearing the ID inside humanity
I remember us in the time I tried to
order pizza
the time we tried to order pizza this is
a really to say that it was very
successful
just everybody was really confused and
she don't wanted a billion we know what
I wanted wings I was a boy this is the
routine that everyone else to be ready
and then then you will not be ready this
is that every time my vision comes to my
place God so it's ten hours later and
none Denis is claiming she's ready I
don't work well under pressure I know
what you do when you're by yourself I
know what if we wonder you're hounding
you what would you do already really
fast no no for sure I think I ran these
ones were like that sweaty well she
drives so she was like shaving her legs
while she drives I swear it's the most
amazing thing stuff randomly what is
this what just happened to my face why
do I have a bump here all of a sudden
this was not here when I left something
good with you right
almost you don't winter so great look at
this you know this invention waiting
though it's called spin the shot now
when you're on age and can responsibly
drink that's the key here
there's this awesome game check this out
so like spin the bottle you go like this
whoever it lands on they take the shot
oh and that would be you guys you can
totally make this at home you need to
totally make it at home yeah exactly
scary so that's we're gonna play in just
a little bit if you're of a desert ranch
if you're not then no no drinking only
tastes good when you're of age right you
know it doesn't taste good ever yeah
that's true
shiftiness so of course the first time
we play the game I landed on me and then
then he made these wonderful like
kool-aid mixed so talented he's a doctor
everyone
it applies well dis or anything really
she's actually a doctor okay so she's my
doctor friends every time she comes over
mom's like oh it's your dog good friend
everybody suddenly strange doctor this
is this is the friend thank you so much
memory here but then to make it no don't
leave me hanging
oh but then to make me feel better when
I come to her house her parents was like
all its so put a little bit just so yeah
my parents are obsessed with her they
think she's a cool thing like wow hype
your friend is so famous and what he has
agreed was my mom goes who sees things
as well she was all she's adopted and
she sings and so our parents basically
just are jealous of each other see it's
cool it's fine we're just gonna continue
play our drinking game look who's here
so love you sure come on hold on face
for ya tooru you know what the face
means I can't see the word out loud
because my business or yeah I just get
it Hendrick sauce get it do one more
time ready it's gonna be a snap yo mama
la
so all wearing an element of plaid
where's your plan - the plan was your
plan now he's gone to get her plan right
now in the situation basically dance
group of a club right now yeah yeah we
ready huh uh ready huh with a crown girl
cruise so ey guys listen Dre February
we're gonna be on the set of Sultan City
for so okay so I've never seen that Mesa
visa and dirty appointed I've never seen
an episode or a movie of Sex in the City
and they just do not approve sexy Suites
so watch out it'll be in theaters on
we're basically planning a vacation for
us to go to Mexico every ia Boris is
getting married then the news upstairs
I'll sport never been on vacation that's
blasphemous like what all mixed together
to get so working out together so we
don't forget you know she has genius
idea every day it'll be one of our
bachelorette parties owner is getting
married Haitian animals are getting
married but it'll be a great idea to you
Michael I mean been calmly watching this
house and sunglasses and bra bubut
all-powerful gate Nandini's floor is
known to be this notoriously slippery so
she's like oh oh
Amazon RDS we're we're so me we're so
much ready beer matching weird like glom
on you see it which means they go down
oh man were the best with the best I'm
scoring a knot here with that I wish
that you are with spirit yeah those love
you love you one one walk you here hi we
just ordered McDonald's drive-through
and our main thing of the order as usual
it all the sauces - oh I already lost
booty priorities and not ripple of all
the sauces baby can you relax at my card
is calm that down everyone relax just
relax it I'm not a stripper stop putting
my sorry as you can tell already adamant
about our sauces let me visit Lilly
Lilly Sam calm down Sam don't even take
my card my card my Sam don't even our
drivers trying to pay something you
think I'm do you real and calm down or
Sam's come on because this time it's on
us those fans had a blog desert sands
are uber drivers great approve there you
go
Sam's the bus dance kiddies got a friend
Sam's our friend Sampson he's make
chickie I'm you're gonna get all the or
whatever you want Sam whatever you want
though you're these girls wanted all the
sauces we're gonna finish there's my
drinks your grab the drink so lucky
right now I'm 11 yeah what exactly are
these drinks on McDonald's yo so we ate
everything at McDonald's literally ate
everything at McDonald's everything like
guys everything oh it's a problem
Donald's gonna shut down because I'm a
pretty sure there's like no more supply
of events for any of you and I'm so
sorry you know when you ordered too much
and you think you're not gonna eat it we
ate it we ate it all I wasn't me chicken
McNuggets maybe no-goodnik like it
McNuggets ice cream ice cream with ice
cinnamon Mel McDonald's french fries ice
cream if you've not tried that you to
get on that look what are you doing
obviously well what you should do is if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it that was great
