Happy New Year's Eve good morning
kidding it's 4:00 p.m. I set my alarm
for one because I went to bed at like
7:00 a.m. 6:30 a.m. so I was like okay
one Lilly I set like four alarms one 101
103 106 snooze them all for hours so get
this for two hours actually because I
look about three something so I press
snooze on four alarms for two hours
do the math literally do the math that
means every few seconds oh like what am
I about I have so much work to do
because my 2014 recap video requires so
much editing I edited like four hours
yesterday I'm like halfway done in four
hours today my neck I've done something
I'm lying on a unicorn's but by the way
I've done something to my neck it is so
I pulled a muscle and any degree of ah
any degree of turning it like all of
yesterday I was crippled and now it's AA
good way to bring into 2015 how will i
party wrong but nothing exciting is
happening well kind of exciting yeah not
really
hum balloons and you're gonna come over
and maybe Auburn maybe an ocean II and
my parents gonna be home and that's our
celebrate New Year's all of us are doing
our thing so we do nothing together
probably work all the way up until like
11:45 take a break celebrate the New
Year
hey the cupcake and yeah that's what's
happening um let's start the day there's
only a couple more hours there's eight
more hours till the new year
oh you fart it is now 8:00 my neck is
just killing I've slaved away at the end
of your video and I think it's really
good I didn't make it too emotional
usually I'm like so emotional or even I
cry watching I tried to make it a bit
more light in positives I hope you
enjoyed uploading right now it's going
to be up in 47 minutes in a couple of
minutes my CBC Air Farce special is
going to air if you remember a few vlogs
ago I went someone recorded a sketch
with humble the poet well he came and
helped me
and it's income on TV soon and it's like
a really big Canadian special thing so
I'm very excited about that
I still haven't washed my face or taking
a shower setting a standard for the new
year it's not 2015 yet um but videos
uploading I'm gonna my friends they're
my two friends that I have are gonna
come over in a little bit and and yeah
that's the situation right now I if
you're I have to be like I haven't even
had a moment to just sit and think about
what resolutions I want to do so after
I'm done all's chaos I'm gonna take a
good 15 20 minutes to sit what I smile
all eyes on my higher
I'm popcorn in my lap and just think
about my resolution and I mean dad
what's up got my face a little bit done
got my cat shirt this is how I'm thuggin
out for the new year a little bit of
team super you know I have to ring in
the New Year with all of you I'm also
wearing I don't know if you can see it I
try to show you it's a unicorn earrings
one of you Wonderful's bought them for
me um at a meet-up or mailed them to me
sorry and it's the first time I'm
wearing them for the new year so I'm
celebrating with all y'all I'm just
gonna go out and address the thing I've
been avoiding to address all day now
I'll address it now that I'm a bit the
videos out I'm chilling I'm to be shower
makeups done yadda yadda as most of you
may know today is the day two years ago
that not as you passed away so it's a
little bit of a bittersweet holiday and
if you don't know who Nanaji is let me
show you various pictures here I have in
my room this is one of them this is me
an honor as you can see he's extremely
handsome and good-looking um that's one
picture I'll show you another one yeah
this is this is a penis this is him on a
motorcycle being an absolute G cuz he
was a huge bug life
I said that to him he'd be like no I'm
not tug and two years ago he passed away
which was devastating for us and so
every year New Year's
my family's kind of like you know have
you hearted but time heals all and we
remember him and he's wonderful and if
you had the pleasure of watching videos
while he was still here then you would
know that if not I'd have made like two
three videos with him and they're
phenomenal so I highly suggest that if
you'd like I can talk I highly suggest
that if you want to check them out go on
YouTube and you can just search like
Lily and a grande punto come up and he
was wonderful and may he rest in peace
and energy would thinking of you today
and we love you and we know you're
looking down on us being like stop
trippin dad stop joking I'm not up here
frickin drinking a beer and chilling and
use all tripping down there and I love
you and we all miss you and so team
super salutes you
thank you for everything you've given us
in 2014 and everything you will give us
in 2015 and yes we're going to be
positive and happy and New Year's Eve
turn up
none of my friends are here my three
friends that are coming just be here by
9:30 9:45 I'm messing them they ain't
even left yet that's what's up let's eat
them and get here before 12:00 that's
there was a real challenge maybe I can't
be ding dong and I was the doorbell
freaking I swear to god these people
these people she lied and told them to
New Year's at 9:00 told him I changed
they changed the rules and that's at
9:00 inside with the new year even with
a new year beautiful door you got to
take off your purple glasses you look
good good good good good
example the New Year dad yeah sure
exactly
hey happy new year everyone 9 years it
yeah well that's just a Happy New Year
enjoy okay best fall for don't even
video yes it's cool it's cool it's cool
oh and 1105 and look who's finally
showed up I know she came first that's
actually the no she was here on time um
and this is humbles contribution to the
party
this and how much ago sauce huh this is
mine this is a great contribution wait
you know where this come from that's
part of this okay so you got one and a
half with this much salsa what you
thinking is that cheese oh I love cheese
I got a dick be my contribution
so this is our New Year's he turned up
right here that's right
eyes 1106 time is ticking so our New
Year's turn up is gonna be making these
cookies yeah this is what we're doing
I'm so excited about this are we all
excited about cookies the exact time of
the cookie please make a Jif or gif out
of that because Wow all right let's do
this
all right somebody homeless but then you
have to help me hold it for one second
all right
this is what I was talking well like you
grabbed it okay
take small little cute ones even you
dad she can cook do I know baby that's
it not like a baby that's gonna turn
into a small little cute cookie now you
don't saying uh-huh
so cute can you all participate yeah
there's a couple minutes left how many
minutes that five my left I'm good I'm
happy oh I'm good looking in the right
spot and said yeah nope I think I'm
excited to spend in the year with Union
I'm afraid to Bubba bunch of girls just
cookie dough hey good morning like at
least as we can through seconds one two
three
now the previous day's one two three go
you so hot so you know sounding over
here yeah my necklace oh my god it's
okay it's like half grader and how it's
so cute
sandy we're gonna make ugly faces on 3
ready 1 2 3
kiss on you look really good so yeah
there's nothing to get our little odd
meters ready I get 1 2 3
can't do it yesterday just already did
pretty good yeah yeah my pretty yeah
let's try again you're sitting on my
hair I know many people don't have that
completely how's that sitting on my
waiting country one two yeah ugly face 1
2 3
dad no hey 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
yeah okay you're gonna name the dance
here we go ready ready oh my second
category kind of three ready plan to go
sunny we name the dance on three one two
three something completely Navy dance
gone below first live again for 2015
make it count hombre Mambo dance no
dance it's gonna come again happy new
year - or wherever you are wish you the
best on behalf of my family your family
mmm we'll talk shortly yes one who's
been ridiculous absolutely ridiculous
humble boo you can beat me I'm Mario
Carper we right now I've never even
played the game is over
no you what you're mistaken you guys
might remember that remember this offer
some back my days to make my vids for a
green wall this is it by the way this is
my office
I barely am ever here that's cold but
humble beliefs is gonna beat me at Mario
Kart is laughable laughable
we tried to play on 64 but I only have
two remotes two controllers so we don't
play Mario Kart for a week
keep you posted new year's turn a half
all right so I've won every single game
suffer one we're sandy beat me
beginner's luck humble I didn't want
anything yet she's withholding
information am i not teaching you
something at the end of every level at
the end of verbs I'm saying wound after
I give you all my knowledge in our how
to play
exactly when we replay all of them you
beat me oh forget about it so you're
taking her dumb
no I'm saying she's the lock to not eat
a lot sorry sir
you be me one one maybe one I've just
destroyed your honor once not destroyed
of losses I was three places behind you
lost three places in like 15 yeah we
have log again in 40 seconds issue the
situation
Mario Kart champ I'm just an honours
room because I have to switch Niners
calendar if you guys remember and she
was very adamant on his calendar being
on the right day so I got this new one
for him from the temple my take off last
year's and put it over here it's very
hard to do with a vlogging camera man
publish it done this before I press
record okay right generate undo all
right now we add your new calendar here
I'm ready to go but I'll set the new
year Vega January 15th that's what's up
that's what's up
there you go all right though we could
just spend some time with na na na na
um so let's talk about New Year's real
quick have a sentimental moment is right
here under the Gramps so a lot of people
like I'm guilty of it too I don't do it
anymore like I didn't do this year but a
lot of people do the whole new year new
me like this year I'm gonna be so and so
and it's good it's good to like reflect
and it's good to try to better yourself
or make resolutions Connor Franta
actually set this it was really cool he
said I don't believe in resolutions I
believe in goals and that's really cool
I really like that let's be real most of
us don't keep resolutions we keep it for
like a week and I go back to our old
ways so I think goals is important
because let me actively work towards
right um it kind of irks me and I'm just
like talking my thoughts for no reason
right now this whole new year new you
it's like why do you need to wait until
New Year's to make a positive change and
if you like these days people are so
caught up and I'm guilty of it - I don't
- so caught up on things have to happen
certain day it take a require a certain
date for me to make this positive change
if you realize you can improve yourself
for the better why not start the moment
you realize it or like why do we have to
wait until these important days to do
things because we should do when we feel
it doesn't make sense right it's like
the way I see it and this might come
across a bit harsh and I don't mean it
to bitter so I think if you tell
yourself you to wait until a certain day
to do something to do something right to
do something to improve yourself to do
something that you should do right away
if you've to wait till certain date
you're just making excuse if you say oh
I'm should start working up I'm waiting
telling you you're doing your best
excuse because you can do right now I'm
not guilty of that too but I just want
me to think about that we don't need
those special days to make a better
change I'm sorry from being repetitive
but that's what I'm trying to say is you
can do right away and if on January 1st
things aren't going away and January 2nd
things don't go away don't think you've
to wait until 2016 to pick things go
your way start right then and there
that's what's up every day is a day the
you know gotta wait until these days
every day is a day you don't gotta wait
til these days I'm not speaking English
any more clearly I'm going to go to bed
I sincerely hope everywhere in the world
you had an amazing New Year's not to
read love about New Year's because
unlike other holidays it's Universal and
everyone celebrates it around the world
so happy New Year to you I wish you
nothing but inspiration and happiness
enjoy and if you're new you're didn't
start like that for some reason nowhere
because tomorrow is another day and you
can make it happen I love you social
social social social social so so so
much mmm mmm and oh one more thing by
the time you see this I have a new
t-shirt on sale sorry I don't mean to
Angus like a plug on asleep effort
I'm gonna end on the beautiful moment at
the t-shirt after merch F the sales f
everything have a great day and have a
wonderful new year I'll tell you about
tomorrow love you if you like it
subscribe if you like it
