it's gonna be amazing we have
practically lives your ID it's Saturday
I'm wearing no clothes because the
camera goes this high if I flex I can do
this ooh but below that it's like let me
tell you because there was nothing
technically on my agenda no that means
we create our own agenda here's the
mission for today's email scriptwriting
organize the office closet drink hell of
water first things first
rest in peace Uncle Phil for real second
thing let me show you why I need to
reorganize office closet it's been
stressing me out days weeks months each
for centuries decades eternity while
we're here a small reminder small
reminder small reminder good look at
this hot okay actually that's pretty
good in the shop but the thing is you
can't find anything cuz everything
disorganized and all over the goddamn
place this lenses what is this that we
should use this lens next time we shoot
trash get back in the right spot Mitch
lenses but then we have this closet with
so much oh my god with all this crap oh
but the point is like this is empty your
stuff stuck back it's just the whole
situation that needs to be resolved to
the Container Store that's probably the
shirt damn society telling me to wear
clothes good morning joke Horace how are
you today
same
right now I'm just guessing the hub nest
returns that's how you know it's not
sponsored by The Container Store
containers crazies like to be lit I
ain't right to measure inch-pounds like
I don't know there's so much crap in
there I'm just gonna freak him buy all
the containers and I figure it's the FL
and someone staring at me right now and
I don't understand someone has asked me
if I was leaving the parking spot like
hello I'm vlogging but yes of course I
am
humanity kindness - I like also these
crooked teeth I like myself his moments
like this one I'm like how am I gonna
fix this in blogs at the same time
essentially I'm gonna take everything
out of here and reorganize it with this
label maker listening to music from this
computer drinking this drink wearing
these slippers using all right so
everything is a mess
I swear if YouTube doesn't work out for
me this is gonna be my next tour choice
organizing systems I just love it I'm
about to put sticky note in places I
just need to just everything needs to be
reorganized I did this so far I did this
but this thing's gonna be live it's hard
cuz every time I make a pile I'm like
Frank wait but now there's like 700
thousand other things supposed to go
there so hard and it's confusing and
it's oh maybe this is why I like I
learned all that math in school -
so what I'm doing right now is I am
vacuum sealing my own little method of
vacuum sealing these costumes
essentially what I'm doing is I'm
folding the costumes instead of hanging
them hangers keep breaking keep laying
cotton crafts where I can bend them much
more efficient I'm putting her into
ziplock bags and I'm hole punching a
hole in it I can squeeze all the arrow
and then I can fit more into a bed I
basically a chemist doing chemistry now
this little costumes I've done a lot of
damn work it's like really way tonight
right now and I know some people always
like why never you wasting time with
this just like hire someone also ill
with amps that's not the point why just
hire someone people say this to me about
cleaning my house and all the stuff I do
in every interview I've watched as
people and also like a personal belief
of mine and maybe I get this my parents
as well I don't think you can be a good
boss if you don't know what it feels
like to do every job in the company so
like of course I don't have to do this
and in the most humble way I could hire
someone do this and be like yeah I just
do a fingers up but I wanna know what it
feels like to do hold this because
that's how you become the best boss
possible it's by knowing I do all the
other jobs and just like knowing the ins
and outs I'm gonna do this no more do it
well welcome to cooking with Lily you're
missing an L today I'm gonna make dinner
it's like 10:00 p.m. from scratch you
may not know this one actually a very
talented chef scratch oh yeah brown rice
Hickory barbecue triplets vegan benefit
but it's not me it's making and
asparagus I don't know how to make any
of these things brown rice cooks in ten
minutes
save fifty five cents now give it to me
minute brown rice minute they said ten
directions saucepan bring water to boil
stir rice return to boil reduce heat one
all night
carry the one what okay so I figure it
out this is how we're gonna make the
rice first thing asparagus in this pen
oh god damn it I ran out of oil do not
fear get it
badges carried out a woman named Pam do
the Pam thing I absolutely turn on the
stove oh okay how to make vegetables
unhealthy loading with butter
this tray is compostable Wow I'm saving
the environment okay one I guess you
can't see what I'm doing damn it
that seems like a good amount right I
don't know if you're supposed to do this
but I'm doing I'm gonna do this it's
going in the oven those I don't know if
this is how he's supposed to do Wow into
the oven so I don't thing for the rice
is like to do it over a nice sauce pan
need to get a little bit of zest going
on a little bit of parfait going on the
right I'm thinking like I'm a slow
cooking out of 30 minutes but I'm just
kidding
boss my microwaves like missing screws
inside so it makes this sound like a
dying transform every time I do it I
believe in you then we continue cooking
each other something burning burning
yeah apparently this also microwavable I
have so much food or not enough
microwaves so the rice definite is like
gum but I'm pretty sure that's how it
supposed to be funny
ah damn as many hours later okay I'm
done for the day I'm pretty much
finished everything I didn't do the
outside closet cuz that's a whole
different situation for the office
closet the prop closet is done I've ran
out of bins and labels now so this is as
much as I can do but look at it damn son
a copy got Game of Thrones stuff here's
gonna be small electronics phone posters
those are empty so I can fill them with
stuff
supplies supplies supplies giveaways
book stuff like that
we got specialty camp we got speakers we
got headphones
we got onset style check it out come on
dole everything categorized you ready
freeze rivet prop closet come all the
way through we got Halloween things
medieval armor it literally says
skittles or days not girl lover pinkies
well Christmas teams they got dancer
costume this is like criminal cop type
stuff occupation base this is like
accessories for clothing that's
miscellaneous but those right there a
box boxes thank you for pretending that
you care about
I'm from a height because every time I
walk in this closet over the past like
four months it's stressed that effort I
mean every time it's so stressful it's
so stressful so just what they said
complaining about it I did something
about it and I'm so happy I also had
like 3/4 glass of wine today gave me the
point of the day we got ourselves a
situation here washing dishes freestyles
we go yo I'm washing the dishes what I
gotta work for it I don't make no wishes
I'm a genie in a bottle yo I go
full-throttle
hate on me it's ok I got 12.5 break
bread 12.5 million others who follow
opposite of forth is hollow that's not
what my heart is cuz my heart is so deep
when I love and I put nothing above team
super that's what the hashtag and I
don't mean to brag but they are the best
my soapy hand ah I think we killed it
you killed today let's see how we just
let us see how many points we got
good well Larry Tommy got to relax about
our weekly team meeting got a show up I
can't tell you who Sean went to you and
it's rejuvenation Sunday which means the
walking dead and telling if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe I
wish that I could get points after log
songs I'm gonna pop this pimple and it's
gonna be so late and I wish I get the
points for that but I already ended the
blog so I can't get the points I didn't
get to the scripts today I'm gonna do
something else right now but yo we still
got one more day in the week and happy
Sunday live a blessed life send you lots
of hugs and kisses
