this I believe my eyes money I've
involved it so many days I don't
remember how to do it I don't remember I
had to do it I know it seems like at 7
a.m. right now or sometime like it's -
its 2:15 p.m. so it'll be confused um I
have loved with past few days because
I've been taking a break for top collabs
I slept the whole day after at least
release the last one and I wish some
relaxing like watching TV like doing
things I don't usually do so I'm
starting to vlog and today it's almost
New Year's I don't get it what's
happening I need to like think of
resolutions and like do stuff and like
promise myself will be a better person
you know at least at least until like
January 2nd or something uh there's many
nights it it's Minnie Mouse I got it for
Christmas every single year
just balloons in my nose and yeah I'm
getting up because jazz and what's his
name humble or coming over or having a
work session that's what's happening it
was so much work to do around
overexcited that's it that that's the
only reason I'm getting up right now I
usually go about four or five my sleep
schedule is so aft but now wait goodbye
tea that's if I wake up after I press
stop I could just fall back asleep stay
tuned don't what a sort of reference uh
you know I got to wear sim so shirt
everytime humble comes over to make him
jealous you know that's the deal um I
just finished taking my selfies for my
newsletter if you still wanna sign up to
my newsletter honestly what are you
waiting for
what are you waiting for every month I
send out the newsletter and then every
single month of billion people Tunes
like I didn't get the music how do I get
the news I'm tell you right now I get it
goes triple w team super dot CA the link
is in the description you put your email
address in you'll get an email every
month from me I tell you about all my
stuff first you get discounts yeah and
you get everything first it's free
there's death that's it you got one
email month so you want that go ahead
and get it I've added some new sections
for 2015 I'm exam
hey help help oh it's been so many hours
there never got to offer I forgot to
vlog I'm bad at this man look who's here
jazz is here I have a migraine so I'm
using my massage trans like me wait wait
wait where and guess who else is here
yo I'm back back oh oh what are you
editing there humble oh look I am Oh
what are we uh let's take a look hmm
we're gonna meddling with why do you
anything way I'm editing with iMovie
with iMovie Wow what are you editing you
seem that I'm in this I'm editing the
collabo on my channel altering the very
talented super woman oh my god I look so
good in this little bit lighting is
doing great things for me in the
professional learning professional
lighting this is a Rwanda YouTube space
turn on all the lights and hope for the
best just wanted you to see her her I
always put a little description yeah was
my description alright look at the
description so it says unicorn youtuber
beard birth true when does it coming up
this is coming up on New Year's New
Year's I'm I didn't clap with Tom below
child when check out the link is in the
description we should check our channel
he makes videos when now every Monday
Thursday and Saturday that's right he's
actually one up and we used to do Monday
there's like me because I'm his role
model but now he's doing three times in
one day Thursday Thunder OH
three times a week so his link is in the
in the description make sure you
subscribe to that yo you want telling
what's your goal what's your goal my
goal is 100,000 subscribers by my
birthday in July when's your birthday
July what July 12th
100,000 he has like quality videos go
check him out
and jazz is over here being all fancy
and this is jazz
Oh sign things and things things that
exactly I made everybody rice bowls how
was your rice bowl delicious I didn't
even pay her or threatened her to say
that she seemed out on her own humble
how was the rice bowl mmm
better than Chipotle Oh kidding whatever
I were working away he stabbed lots of
work to do a much upload my video from
Monday it is going to be behind the
scenes of collaborations very hard to
edit because there's so much footage but
it was fun
and I was like watching I was like oh my
god I works I had misty rake and then
there's this girl in it so much hard
work just cake nothing but uh you
wanna check out link is right there main
channel check it out
usually I put on the vlog Channel bro
Mike it's just such a such a production
that I want for my main channel also I
don't have a video for a channel a life
it's so exciting when the exact same
spot its 3:16 a.m. we go in strong each
of us had our own Baga Bob can that can
working on a whole bunch of stuff jazz
is helping me with so much stuff um yeah
we'd be chillin I'm using my yeah I kind
of go off for my kalibata and I'm one of
my yoga um I'm working on my 2014 recap
video which I'm going to actually drop
on Wednesday I know a pretty one
Wednesday the insanity but it's really
hard to make I'm basically calculating
all the numbers of things that happened
this year but I want to give way too
much because this long count before that
comes out I'll get in
when I pass those on to jazz now she's
gonna say something random to you yes I
need the best oh hi everyone um Lily
made me public it's quite delicious
how about the rifle and maybe rifle and
it was almost as good as Chipotle's whoa
almost Oh
tastes like pad thai which is odd and
now I'm gonna pass it tumble we had so
much food today in the junk food corner
but what I did see are dating things I
don't know things I just tried to go
still extreme sour candy which me try
that oh yeah we all had our own bags of
popcorn and we had the rice balls which
aren't very good very very very good she
can hear she can hear Lily had the magic
power to hear compliments through her
headphones yes Lee huh what oh she's
monitoring
she's monitoring the blog and then she
doesn't like it this is gonna take it
down like Taylor Swift I want to point
something out to people these are my
checkbooks when I write checks people my
checks actually say keep smiling on them
how friggin cool is that my checks say
keep smiling god
okay this that's hard that's hard if you
usually ask cuz you don't remember when
I beat you in this game and on your face
baby that's if you throw properly oh
cool so you did throw absolutely
properly that was just I am injured your
man down yo whistle sound what suddenly
in the dance humble and jazz just left
it is 506 a.m. that's how we do there's
snow outside like on the ground it's
gross I am working on vines right now so
I've been editing vines the last little
bit if you don't know in January first
I'm doing a 31-day vine project where
pose divide every single day if we have
following me on buying I love y'all and
I suppose I I I'm excited it's like a
new thing is challenging six seconds
like I'll not a lot of time so working
on that trying to do the best I can
um what else am i doing nothing really
sorry this vlog wasn't really eventful I
just stayed home all day just getting
work done getting work done don't have
any major New Year's plans and I feel
like every year let me know if this is
with you as well
there's so much pressure to do something
on New Year's and I always end up doing
nothing but I'm just gonna gather
everyone who does nothing invite them
over somewhere like me humble sandy
maybe Rick Rick's wife and like sooo
else is free maybe no she and chase
invite them over that's all - nothing
together played board games
eat some food drink some things have a
good damn time so that's what's up we
try to orchestrate that and of course my
parents are so cool together right
people around girls so math on that I am
otherwise I think I'm gonna go to sleep
first I'm going to read a chapter of my
Shopaholic book I love me some sharper I
look and I read that and then yeah let
me show you this thing Rick's wife got
for me works my wife's name is joked by
the way for her job it's called ask the
unicorn okay just ask the unicorn
question
ask the unicorn is team super amazing
every stop believing your culture in the
morning you're a miracle you see that
never stop believing
um yeah I'm ahead to better I guess not
really much after though oh my name yeah
I'm not too bad and I hope you've had a
fabulous day
and if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe
