yo good morning look at my magenta
that I'm hoping is maybe last clap I
released I can't tell you exactly what
it is you me me me made secrets but I
just finished finalizing script and I
feel like I'm letting getting a lot
better at script writing because now I
like try to write it down like a
properly formatted professional type of
thing so I really like this idea like
it's really out of the box thinking
creativity and these eye things that you
might think it sucks but I think I'm
proud of myself high five um yesterday
my parents cloud came out and everybody
loved it as the parents are saying your
mama buh-buh-bear okay ah everybody
loved the video I know why any other day
yes I told him it was your idea you
might have to go to Rick's house to
shoot himself
we were secretive beloved claps bye
my mom's trying to ask you about New
Year's plans and she thought it was very
secretive and we had to turn off the
camera to discuss it she's so cute I
never have New Year's plans I said
there's so much pressure on you to do
something and every year I do nothing um
but people are saying you so pretty when
we in the red here damn now they know
that you're hotter than me Xena there's
no po2 you know what damn it dad you see
that time yeah about New Year's if you
like there's so much pressure to
something I never do anything I
literally never do anything ice at home
and it's like a bit and because non or
my grandpa passed away I new year so
it's kind of like not the most joyous of
days on that note the month of December
is quite hard in general for me because
my grandpa's birthday you might notice
if you watch my videos I speak very
close to him at least make videos all
the time together and his birthday was
on Christmas and he passed away on New
Year's and I had such a hard time with
it that now every December around this
time my brain starts going crazy and
also having nightmares around December
21st 20th around goes 5 6 7 8 10 days
and it's not pleasant but we're gonna
talk about happy things like how cute
and adorable he was uh I'm a printer
script head to accessories all the way
in the middle of who over there so I cut
it make the trek on over there I've had
breakfast yet but maybe I'd put one egg
in my mouth and leave okay yo at Rick's
house I'm about to change into
Paramjeet my parents making a lot of
appearance in these clubs um look who's
here hey it's jazz
I know I feel sorry you guys are keep
seeing her over and over and over again
but I love me she is she alright she's
alright she's like average she's like an
average human bomb calm can you look
that way for a second wait wait wait
wait
on one two three no she's not
cooperating see such an average person i
don't i am i young mundi thing BBD when
do you think you're Rick you ready to
shoot God would F what is my you know
what I love what I do so much talking
because I love what I do but every time
I dress like this I have a one moment
one brief moment where I'm here and I'm
just like how did I get here and what is
my life about but I love it no so jazz
and I just discovered that this is the
99th lager oh my god enter mom we're
disney on ice
oh my god I'm going to disney on ice and
it's their 100-year thing oh my god how
meant to be is that how mentor V is that
I'm not so meant to be um so yeah happy
99th of AAG yo my foot is Ichi happy
99th ugh no not probably but a vlogging
one
so I'm leaving Rick's house going home I
have so much editing to do the last
couple of logs come out consecutively so
it's like Monday Tuesday space and then
it's the next day so it's like boom boom
boom so a lot of endings do a lot of
work to do I was very tempted to go eat
out right now but I decided not to meet
you at home I made a good decision team
no flabs
and yeah that's what's up so we gonna
make the 45 minute to an hour trek home
right now that's daylight I just took a
three hour nap for no reason like I was
a little bit tired so I lie down and now
it's three hours later no no and out
mungry nothing I took a three hour nap
if you ever do this or is this just me I
always forget I'm wearing makeup and I
rub my eyes and I just turned to a rack
all the time start my life if you do
that comment below guys I know you do a
clown blow just finished editing the
collab it's for 24 a.m. did I tell you
that I took enough I don't remember I
think no I told you I told you yeah so
it's for 24 I am I'm planning to pull an
all-nighter just because I already took
a three hour nap and I actually need to
go to the mall to do Christmas shopping
and I figure if I go really early it
probably won't be as hectic because it's
Monday so I stay up go to the mall
Christmas shopping I'm done the clap for
tomorrow and can I say both this comes
out tomorrow of course against comes out
tomorrow um it's the one with all the
girls I love it I love it so much and
let's have a sentimental moment about
this so I thought it would be cool to
his cloud for several reasons one it's
like I know so many people watch all of
us all the girls and so often like
people compare us to each other people
but pick girls against each other in the
entertainment industry and I was like
you let's do a club all of us would show
like we're cool with each other and
there's no competition and like it'd be
so nice for our viewers to see that like
we're Chilton's kind of send examples so
I'm so glad when they all agreed to do
it um initially my idea like I had
emailed them being like very nervously
because I was like what if they say you
know um because one thing I remember I
keep jumping from point to point I'm
sorry I'm making sense of problems when
the other members I like I started
YouTube after after Jenna after Colleen
after Hannah after me
after me me I'm not sure about that one
maybe after me me and after grace so I'm
like stole that new girl so I still like
I'm intimidated by them a little bit I
still like I'm very like feel like I'm
trying to fit in sometimes I try like oh
my god you guys so cool so I email them
nervously they all said yes and I was
like my initial idea was let's do a
video where we don't all have to be in
the same place because I know we all
have hectic schedules let's do a video
where I'll think of a scripted we can
all do it separately in our own places
but then I randomly came back to LA and
I was like hey is anyone free wedding
chance and everyone was able to meet up
except for grace so I was like okay I
don't want to I'll put you the video
because you're an important girl on
YouTube I'll think of a way to
incorporate you so I thought of that
whole okay I'll FaceTime err and so she
can still be involved editing so I'm so
happy with the way turned out I really
hope you guys liked it it was obviously
so difficult thing all of us together
and they're all super super cool and fun
to work with and I was more than
anything also happy that when I told
them my idea because I you tell us when
your idea it's like you're secure as
hannises brain baby if you want people
to excited about it and they were so
supportive like yeah I had students to
be great and that was so cool to work
with them so they're sweethearts and
they're awesome um and I hope you
enjoyed the video
my shut up now because I have to edit a
whole other video I'm so hot oh my god I
fail in life this whole time like I'm
gonna pull all nighter go shopping get
so much done totally forgetting I'm
going to disney on ice tomorrow jason
oceany at 12 how do I think I'm putting
all night oh my god that's in six hours
ha how do I think I'm staying awake
wonder stand what time does the mall oh
my god I'm gonna fall asleep Jun Disney
on Ice I totally forgot about this oh my
god I have to be downtown by what time
Chase is gonna kill me
I had to be downtown by 12 Oh No 11:30
oh let me definitely my house by 11 a.m.
when am I going shopping what doesn't
the mall open at 10:00
oh my I'm I'm ridiculous I am ridiculous
right now I need to think about this
what's sad
up my arm is broken and I'm just
probably tired so I'm deciding to go to
sleep because it's not possible for me
to go the mall doesn't open early enough
for me to do that and get to downtown on
time so oh basicly what I'm going to do
is at 7:00 I'm gonna sleep for three
hours
I'm going to wake up go downtown disney
on ice enjoy myself a fine ship time
come back home
release my clap either I will urge as
well um then go shopping on the 22nd of
December because I think that's a good
idea is be absolute chaos um and I'll go
from there yeah I'm trying to do more
sentimental gifts this year because I
don't want this to come across like I
want to come across the most humble wife
like everywhere no or has everything
like everyone has everything people
don't need things anymore there's that
just new people need things anymore fair
go sentimental Road um yeah bad
situation imma go to bed for three hours
and I will see you tomorrow for my 100th
vlog dad egad ah if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it then subscribe why don't
this much energy at 7 a.m. Hadar no name
yeah
