paulus our Goliath you always stop so it
is like naughty manual close to morning
it's like 7:00 p.m. I wasn't gonna vlog
today but then something exciting is
happening I'm like hi guy I log um
basically I woke up this morning and I
was like I've heard in my club share
with my parents and I wrote out this
whole idea and my moms like yo what do
we shoot in the club on since you have a
camera no look Royden I totally forgot
another camera so I drove all way to
Brampton borrowed a murse camera um and
not at the camera and then I told her
this idea and you my parents totally
just one-up me like that's a good idea
but like what if you do this and they
gave me an idea that's a 10 times better
because I had texted em last night being
like I need you in my video make sure
you guys are free and throughout the day
they thought of this amazing idea that
such like 10 times better than my idea
and so basically the collaboration you
see like my parents thought of it I
wrote the script like the whole concert
my parents thought oh so they're just
smarter than me and better than me so
I'm about to shoot it and I'm so excited
and I'm kind of nervous because they
haven't done like a proper collab like
this and my parents because I'm very
protective over them and then did the
screen just go blue or is that just I'm
very protective over them and obviously
the Internet's like a cool place if
anyone says I think bad about them have
to kill them but wheeze about to shoot I
think it's gonna be fun I'm excited I'm
really excited you know that's what I
now also finished shooting with my
parents almost we have the N board to do
the end slate um and then I got to pick
up all the scenes with Paramjeet and
when g'd so much fun
she knew my parents my mom is actually a
really good actress my dad I mean he's
like me struggles a bit but like my
mom's are really good actors mom we had
it Daniel natural nitrogens bed yarn
she held it down is fun fun Tina yes yes
what fun you see you see now you know
what I do all day long
santa baby please give me lots of
presents
santa baby no no no I just finished
shooting is trippin yo because I'm
talking like Lily when I'm dressed as
man G is it is it messing you up in your
brain I'm gonna start everything so
hungry what time is it actually o9 o
clock already I should eat quickly and
then edit edit and I'm very excited
about this video I think it's gonna be
really really really cool noms amber
done yeah I'm saying regen um that's
assisted dealios my Christmas tree one
more time and let's get to work Santa
behaved me you can camp in Turkey
cause I'm handy and I can't you're being
a baby
hmm yeah okay back so let me get this
straight
you Thank You Lily's dad huh yes I mean
these dad okay no you're wrong deep
things that does everything don't be got
okay no this goodness in Amber's a
sharper ah god of each garbage I just
popped my pimple and now it looks ugly
so I'm gonna hide it I'm saving you um I
raised my club I just be a pirate or I
release my cloud nighty and everyone we
liked it I'm really happy about that
we're just really nervous about putting
my parents in in the video because
obviously the Internet's really cool
place and like anyone was diverse
anything bad I just have to absolutely
lose my mind but everyone sing really
really nice things and that's great
and I did want my parents that you know
what is the internet if someone saw
something bad yeah so team super make
sure you protect my parents and make
sure no one bothers them okay okay um
I'm gonna jump to bed tomorrow I'm
heading to Rick's house got to pick up a
few scenes for a clap I shot half of in
LA and I got you the rest of so I asked
what's up so you can see that my room is
becoming chaos it was clean when I
landed but you know the drill
got a destroy it I turn it away never my
room is named Utley I said his name was
Lily
Alice Longo tornado went around mind
room excuse the mess it made okay I just
turned myself into a male tornado for no
reason uh um i'ma head to bed
hungry but I don't want to eat junk food
so I'm just going to go to bed and these
are all the unicorns on my bed there's
like look like it looks like a bus full
of unicorns crashed on my bed there's a
billion unicorns everywhere and a Miss
Emma shut up and go to sleep don't even
know how long's bogus didn't vlog much
I'm sorry if I'm not vlogging as much I
found inconsistent so busy trying to get
these clams out so she'd be famous
special she was special I shot with my
parents of Jimmy Lee for the first time
and they like acted was cute so cute my
stomach hurts I'm gonna get my period
bolts are just coming out my mouth right
now I have no filter on my mouth right
now
none whatsoever hmm interesting
I should probably do my Christmas
shopping I'm gonna sleep if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it so god
