hello we're in LA yo what's up I just
woke up we're in LA I didn't vlog
yesterday cause it's a complete travel
day um but this is our place and LA
Ric's bed is round up in the family room
and then this is our place the kitchen
yes and let me show you the weirdest
thing okay the weirdest thing ever in
the place we were just at in New York
this exact picture was in my room and
that's in this house as well
is that a straighted this exact picture
it's in both places we've rented strange
this is a little work area and this is
the bedroom and Jesse's dad you know the
washrooms over there but bricks too busy
taking a poopy in there would you say
Jess you hit the jackpot what'd you find
oh that's yes good and this is the best
part let me shake let me show you so we
have this little balcony thing above our
and million you can send in these lights
go on and it's all like cute and stuff
let me sit out here and stuff it's so
cute
the weather's kind a little bit cold
it's not like hot la weather so I'm a
little bit confused but um we have lots
of clouds used to do lots of work to do
today so that's a way that I do
breakfast
dickface look who did morning morning
all right I've advanced to hoodrat
hoochie-mama volume 2.0 jazz bought me
this nose ring I've always want to try
hoop nose ring but I can never find like
a proper one you guys like it what
makeup you looking real dark in this
lighting but like you guys like it
this is our little balcony I'd be
chilling on um yeah I think I like it I
think it's like you know hood rat you
know that's pretty much me I would head
to space soon and you get a lot of work
done I have literally a shoot every
single day so I think I mentioned before
the hardest part with the cloud is like
you need so many like so much creative
juices like idea after idea and I'm just
want to sleep without all my ideas
always so ambitious like I can average
Nicole let's do like I said before I
don't like doing challenge videos um
unless I can spice them up like I did a
shame mhm I was like when Jesus like to
spice it up a little bit like I like
just scared some sketches and like
things like that like to challenge my
creativity but it's really sucking the
creative juices on me
so it's all good we're gonna do that
missing club five today was gonna be
with J she's a and he was such an angel
and pleasure to work with
yes ride to the space and apparently
there's like 10 centimeters of snow and
Toronto I'm like oh that must suck
that's like a lot much so that's a
situation a and my mom hates hoop nose
rings by the way so if you watch this
vlog mom I'm sorry I know what nose are
you know she'll know that no there ain't
even got nose ring ah yeah I think
that's all I'm wearing the same outfit I
instagrammed a few days ago that's why
Instagram because of also this is a
great open I'm aware every day that's
how that works
oh squeeze at the YouTube space my
business operation is a little bit late
right now in the recent latest because
I'm having major problems with sound one
of the things me and Rick have not been
able to regardless how did you sound
properly because I the mics that go on
me I'm not very good at them because I'm
very like animator what I speak
but yeah it's coming out just because
it's so late and we have so many things
to do I haven't bought that much that's
why because I've been in chaos it is
happy hour at the space which means it's
packed full of people and there's like a
party outside yeah
so we dope here working Elsa's out their
party and I'm just like that's what's
happening this is jazz and after P so
badly but I feel like I can take a break
from work in P because that's under I do
I'm crazy and then in about couple
minutes I'm gonna do a shoot in a very
cool second I want to tell you about
yeah because like I have no idea what
I'm shooting they're an hour and I've no
idea what the concept of the video is so
things are rushed things are hectic I
have to pee
on the mission find some candy or sorry
or something sweet
I'm recording candy candy candy
someone's blocking the candy does
you're my dog now yo so we're shooting
at the YouTube space
I'm so proud myself I'm shooting video
in advance in advance that's not even
collaboration look at this set you ready
you ready for this set it's an airplane
a few air cannon I'm doing my own thing
I re um so we're doing I'm shooting some
vines I'm shooting a video everything's
cool Rick shooting it we have a good
time
hurry time every time just like a hit
okay
all right let's do it shenanigans
yeah I have a question for you how did
they get the lights all up in this tree
I need to know you see this tree how'd
you get it all the lights all up in
there all up in this tree I think Rick
McCallum just had a seizure on my log
but how did I get in this tree it's a
magic tree oh my god maybe it's the tree
from the giver I mean not the giver Tuck
Everlasting
all right so it's raining get this
wheeze nln it's raining this is bloody
garbage we come back tomorrow
good weather we're getting scammed right
now for like this with this my wipers
wrong in this nonsense I'm gets wasted
look at hook up alone Oh people are
freaking that flower to create over so
we are in situation we have no dinner
foods at home and everything's closed
we're on the hunt for dinner I just
think of a video idea for tomorrow's
club can I tell them what does not right
I can't I can't tell you I an odd an
idea I can tell he was with exciting to
go and rattle my brain for an idea but
first food peace who rather like the
smells make situation you let me do it's
like a compa don't let me know let me
know
Oh some her comments on my collab with
Jay Sean majority of them are all
positive but let me read you a few the
really good ones so everyone's really
has nice things to say about the Jay
Chou collaboration and there's a few
people that forgot my phone on the table
yes I know I booked that too and then
sneak to attack says I will be honest if
I dated an Indian girl the first thing I
will make sure of is that she does not
smell mark and eighteen people agree
with him
we do smell you smell like curry that's
the level of thinking your eye because
Corey smelled amazing
I smell roses roses damn it I mean it's
been a long day but like usually roses
and then someone said I probably did not
he things with Jay Sean cuz I'm a filthy
whore accurate so accurate how are you
getting all these people and yeah people
eyes people are really really liking it
because the best you're the best I hope
you're liking the claps up and so much
effort into them yeah yeah okay Rick
wants to say something Jim super I love
you guys
I see you properly
jazz loves you in jazz doesn't love
anyone just my soul so she loves you
then you must be dying bomb
you mind me yeah I'm fine your deadline
in you would it be what I go change into
my night clothes I brings migrant in the
road right now um there's no vegetarian
food anywhere so we got Egg McMuffins
with McDonald's because because life I
have to pee but not Rick's and washroom
uh-oh migraine oh my this is what job
was not helping my migraine guys are so
mean oh thank you very much all right
let's eaten beef at syndrome I'm so
tired
do we're just prepping for tomorrow's
club you feel like crap hundred dolls
I'll split crap I mean I think we're not
peeing again cuz I'm productive yeah the
guy if I'm working I have to pee I won't
stop and go pee like a big mall finishes
first that's what your brothers running
here back sorry there's peeing my back
but your blood was led back hearing too
much pee though the situation ahead is
too heavy my hands my hands um yeah
we're prepping for tomorrow's collab me
and Rick struggle with sound so we're
trying to learn sound in life this is
the microphones that dogs like that's
the view we got three different like we
don't know anything about sound
we had fun weird fun to it for every
fundraising deposit it was I read it is
Harry you won't get it yet but you'll
get it soon
oh and tomorrow we have club and then
our free leaving we just got a lot of
work to do it's been rainy and crappy
here but I mean it's still better than
snow yeah but I just got a notification
we both did yeah and a stage if there's
like an Amber Alert everyone gets it on
their phone everyone gets it yeah so it
says flash flood warning this area till
5:30 a.m. we might be in a flood
great now you might be dead by tomorrow
don't say that
what you saying wait this house might
slow is it because of my killer good
luck sir oh yeah anyways we gonna go to
sleep
bricks bed is randomly in the family
room we're gonna go to bed now and first
what you should do that is you should
name the dance that's like I would be I
don't know what would you name the dance
oh my god oh my god now you hate the
death and if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe yeah
horrifying horrifying
