I'm so tired I wanna puke the morning
last night's wind let's just talk but
I'm trying to sleep up in here there was
such a big storm in LA
the wind was like up in my ear was the
loudest thing of life I was like
confused as to what it was how loud jazz
hello is crazy
goodness yeah we can see it was it was
intense phones are ringing everything's
up everything's in chaos arena we're
running late as per usual and we are
headed to rhettandlink studio yeah my
Travis comes out you would have known
that I collaborated with them right
right yeah so I'm gonna do that jazz so
I'm gonna be on good with good morning
and they're also gonna be on my channel
and we're going to a video that I've
been wanting to do for a long time but
never got a chance to do which is start
like a game on my channel and I want to
be like a flip Cup game because I love
foot Cup so I'm going to the first game
episode with them and we said I love me
some ran link they're so sweet they're
just absolute six foot tall angels and
so that's where we're headed we need her
I thought let's grab some Cheerios and a
ziploc bag oh hey it's a situation
running late and the rain has flooded
the garage and to get to our car is
basically a pond and a half so I just
one time it well you guys got boots I
got fucking well my bones have whole but
busto me nothing these days
what's our fashion statement that are
actually she's a trooper Jazz's our
trooper and john want to reverse the car
oh yeah I think so your jazz is an OG
though I swear there's you know - og
every situation that comes up jazz has a
solution jazz just woman's up she's just
basically Johnny that's why oh he runs
the family yeah we gain tools like that
yeah jazz & Wrekin are related I don't
know how because his buddy useless what
huh
but the parking spot actually really
make a me make a meme of this hey make
sure you're right smells like poo on the
meme uh-huh yeah so our park is what's
really hard to get out of it's a really
thought this is all it is such a tight
spot so I don't know how jazz like
always reverse parks my carnage too
because she's just an OGG I'm telling
you she's good at everything
weird freaking Jess yeah welcome to the
Hennessey
squeeze with rhettandlink he's about to
shoot my first ever but cup yeah and
have you played before I just played a
second ago
Club flip professional any fun easy for
who I'm gonna move my face my best on
right now who do you thinks gonna win
free food continue to uh you fuck you
but the 22 of us neither one's gonna win
because this one can only be one winner
oh that Ronnie who's gonna get me a
place I don't know man this is kind of
thing that I'll make a prediction yeah
one of us will be injured
haha and you will win I'm not gonna be
injured oh I'm not gonna be in shots
fired shots fired
alright I just finished you do the round
link there awesome rattling have such a
good energy I love shooting with them I
love working with people that have good
energies and positive lives and they go
all about that and they're just handsome
and cute and eleven what'd you guys
think I read link they're awesome
they're awesome right cool so friend
cool so inspirational and I feel like
just working there's that's amazing I
wanna work those awesome shoutouts to
Stevie y'all cool um now we're heading
home that one goes to YouTube space it's
finally sunny really get a little bit of
sunshine and hey stars two for three
what anyways um back to space I can edit
this rattling clouds come out tomorrow
so I'm actually turning around very
quickly and I want to make it very heavy
on the editing so I want to try print
some cool graphics I'm not the best
editor in the world but I'm gonna try to
make it bunk a I'm excited about it I
think what well obviously you know I won
but you know that's had a no surprise
you can ask these two because that bat
ain't on you do anyway that ain't
nothing new and Flipkart whatever yo
daddy nothing yeah seriously will not do
another nap right I'll kick her ass
who who are you right now ya know you're
you you're super that's right cause you
see your unicorns they love my voices
annoy annoy all in favor of kicking ball
topic of the blog say IIE
Hey look at these cool sweaters we got
matching sweaters jazz has one too look
look okay see ya hey see it why is it
tonight yeah yeah no no down huh yeah
that's yeah you to space we're headed to
space right now
it's much buffering who talked imagine
you just maze gonna do some work I space
to my mom and she absolutely punked the
F out of me for having this nose ring
but all do they don't know about me I've
always had my nose pierced I just never
wear hoop I used to wear stud but I like
to crunky she didn't punky she disowned
you
yeah we were scared yeah those guys I
ran into someone beautiful at the
YouTube space right now are you ready
and they gave me this accessory glows
okay is your book about how along - no
yes yes superwoman hungry if you want
some more this comment below let us know
me I'm sure you're so like I love that
ah okay let's take selfies everyone cool
is at the space today look who else I
just met for the very first time today
hi guys hi we're all like I mean another
way I get to be in your vlog yeah oh
yeah cool so that's what's up I'm here
because I get to drink Chardonnay with
Taryn there you know Mitch's somebody
else you supposed to talk about her in
that video you don't meet just somebody
some other helpful we're talking about
this one right here well the house with
that that's the question then when are
we doing that's my video why don't we do
any laugh I don't know what are we doing
what you guys like to see it I want to
know what they want to see us coming
below let us know why let's real quick
yeah what's your end what should we do
how about we and talk about it well what
if I put you in a parody and then you
use me in someone and you're about it
I'm about it do that cross promo I'm at
night cross promo what any money is what
I mean I'm basically put y'all together
basically she's a match me y'all just
eliminate at me just yeah just make sure
yours else I involved at all no I love
them though I love
Thank You Johnson chicken new friendship
and now you have my info yes it's all
gonna happen love it so many people cool
hi Taryn hi what's going on I'm eating
pizza
so she your mama is here she's gonna be
editing your videos just so you know
mm-hmm that's right that's right that's
right
Oh Sheldon the pretty said you are
allowed to the preset yeah oh my god
let's other pretty you wanted to do so
sorry I'm really upset okay because you
know Lily was gonna be in town otherwise
I would have forced her to be on my show
happy hour with Taryn oh my God look at
it all the youtubing know so much you
too much it's colorful it's pretty right
I love it and martinis it's martinis oh
my god why am I not involved I'm really
upset
I'm Braman I'm ready to hold a boom mic
just have martini next time next time
sweet 10:13 start the YouTube space we
ordered some food I just finished
editing my bit of the rhett and Link
video so difficult to edit because I
really tried to up the editing so when
you watch it let me know if you notice
that I really tried to amp up editing a
lot I'm really excited because I've been
wanting to a flip Cup video for ages and
I'm finally doing it and I couldn't be
happier with starting with rhett and
Link so they're awesome
jazz is going to do the N word reaches
10 grand fix the audio teamwork makes
the dream work hashtag yo a little bit
stressed because tomorrow's video is
still hot today I'm shooting two videos
tomorrow and it's just I can be back to
back to back to back I have so much prep
to do and they're just like not enough
hours but we don't do it so heading home
and I'm in control the music's or not
that means rap songs
so earlier today
jazz left the key in the car and we were
stranded outside and over Australia she
lost the key in the car and it'll be
right up front and now we're hoping she
has the key this time if not she would
sleep outside still looking I can't find
it
this is big oboe this is why I don't do
purses that you like people throw a
billion things in the person yeah I find
anything if I didn't have my purse half
the things that I love to take with her
wouldn't people she does hold all of my
crop in her purse she's very true hey
Rachel yeah something to team super um
super rock pizza Panov oh yeah
Rick say so my team's uber you guys are
awesome I love your support you super my
team the best you know where your best
my team is the best all right
your work has a question feel if you
guys had one last meal what would it be
comment below and hash tag excuse their
do it calm below or would your last meal
be hashtag Rick's good eats and you'll
keep up with the jazz memes I want to
see some more of those too here you can
use this example see she's gotten used
to it good guard 321 the hustles going
hard still Rick mythologist it's a mic
test
I get our audio on point jazz getting
tomorrow's video all set and rage as do
a gunshot in Eddie air gunshot in every
year no like this is jazz gunshot this
is like our production team right here
this is a reproduction I put the G word
I am just finished prepping for some
clubs tomorrow now we're gonna go over
the script for our club tomorrow we
can't tell you who is with though but
it's going to be an intense one so it's
definitely gonna take the entire team to
do this one it's good eats that was
annoying there today and then we hugged
it out alright so we're done a little
meeting I'm gonna pimple that's great
we're doing a little meeting jazz going
to sleep just to wake up very early and
get pops cuz she's a good girl good good
night good night and with my toe and I
was gonna go to bed
but first name this dance if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like know that's locked oh but you
too good if you like it subscribe if you
like it that's good if you like it
subscribe that that was really good
