never gonna change my shirt from snow
wear a different color every day yeah
yeah yeah good morning it's not morning
I was like three I woke up with a
massive migraine my brain was like
splitting into two with horrendous
horrendous I'm feeling better now I'm
heading to Jazz's house because we got
some work to do and then it's a pretty
much a workday Sunday I have officially
released my 12 collabs a Christmas tree
I'm so excited about because I feel like
all of you are excited and tomorrow the
first one's coming out and you know
almost out with a bang
with a burn widow what would a bang but
I'm wearing my purple team super shirt
and like I said in the beginning I just
feel like I'm gonna wear the shirt every
day I love it so much
I know lay one wear my own clothes but I
love it so much I think it's so cool it
makes me feel proud you know I mean got
mine in Kendall bag here I'm ready to
work I'm ready to work right now all
right I'm gonna take a nap kidding let's
go to Jax's house huge homes keep making
me going I love playbacks on the radio
nothing makes me happier nothing it
maybe Chipotle but other than that
nothing nothing something am i straight
man I know we're almost at daddy's house
hey yeah I mean wolf I made a new friend
this is Kobe Kobe say hi he's mildly
attacking me but also my kind of like me
I'm gonna go to like me I'm gonna go
like me this is jann how you love being
back and cold I hate it I don't know bad
Oh
Kobe's having yeah tell them if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe like it subscribe
you hear that if you like it subscribe
oh you give me Kobe oh yeah yeah yeah
he's twerking twerk quick quick quick
quick quick
back it up back it up yeah yeah
so we're having a dance party here dance
dance party turn up turn down order
nothing not even grilled cheese let's
watch turned down for one who you who
you who you who you bad friends and
family as you can see friends the family
dad dance party why you didn't hang it
that way yeah so my room must do some
work the first thing I do in wintertime
when I come to our room is turn the
heater on blast my rooms a disaster but
I promise the heater there somewhere
blast that ish to my room to a sauna ok
funny thing just happened I'm like yo
I'm looking at myself in the mirror the
Matt yo why is there a let me show you
this look why is that tampon here like
what what the Ironbound tampons mamas
forgot his Tampa on a mine and then I
look at it and it says top men hahaha
top men receipt from Scotland by the way
nothing's all the tampon just like it's
like a joke amongst like Indian people
or maybe if same with your parents as
well words like no tampons are bad this
how you lose your opportunity and you
with the damn porn
so yeah that's what happening with my
room my room newest member of the
unicorn family fluffy jazz when I'm for
us remember so you're gonna join the
rest of the unicorns over there and
we're gonna clean the room a bit do some
work but first I have to poo poo I'm
slaving I'm slaving away it's 1:00 a.m.
I'm involved much day I've been slaving
away at collabo number one it's done but
I have to add crunch to the end of it
and like it's been such a mission but
I'm so excited for you guys to see it my
time this blog comes out you would've
already known what it is it is the video
I shot one year ago in January in LA
it's basically if youtuber ball when I
got as many youtubers as I could and
looking back at I was like holy crap
like it was so stressful bro so much fun
and like each and every youtuber you
should tweet them and
everything and be like you guys are
awesome because they honestly pulled
through and they waited around and they
shot and they like did me a favor and I
was so great and it's such a big project
I've seen it like over the last year
like probably ten million times so to me
it's no longer like I'm just watching
I'm like it's even good and you know
this is good because I know all the
surprises and I know I know off my heart
but hopefully you guys like it and
you're surprised little people in it um
I'm excited when you to see it and I'm
nervous I decided to start off the 12
collabs of Christmas with this because
like has a lot of your favorite
youtubers and I wanted to set that
standard for the rest of collabs to be
really good so yeah I'm excited and I'm
nervous and I'm also hungry let's go
guys let you go
yeah it's 4:16 a.m. I'm so freaking
tired I can't in the bread um I'm gonna
head to bed now my collaboration video
is officially uploaded Locke noted rated
role the only thing that could possibly
stop me now is YouTube's clearance
because I shot it at the YouTube space
is them for some reason being like now
yeah other than that we're good to go
I am nobody I you don't understand feel
like fifty-four thousand pounds have
been lifted off my heart soul and
shoulders right now because let's talk
about the stresses to religious take a
second this dude took a full year
because I shot it and first of all to
coordinate with so many youtubers is
such a hard thing to do
so Impossibles like comedy everyone
schedule I shot at all of that in two
days everything with the YouTube is shot
in one day like I had the whole space
booked out I couldn't have done it
without an ocean chase they held it down
and literally like kept me sane like
help me organize stuff and shoot stuff
they're amazing um a lot of youtubers
flopped and then I'd find you it was
just it was such a stressful 48 hours
and then I the editor edited it and it
wasn't like how I envisioned it so I was
like you know I wouldn't do myself and
you was gonna said that I was like there
was a over one terabyte of footage if
you know I think about computers one
terabyte is it a nice place a lot of
wage so I was like I'm rent myself my
time I finally got around to it which is
like a month later I started I started
yada yada yada
then I had to travel this is like my
Australia travels my India travels my
Singapore travels all that happens so
like okay I can only chop along editing
on my IMAX that's why I kept traveling
with my iMac and then months and months
of that when I was like editing bit by
bit so I finally come home and I might
have a week I'm gonna freakin nail this
out the hard drive crash that all the
footage was on so I lost everything and
I was like oh my god so I took it this
is a true story I took it to a data
recovery shop and they quoted me like a
couple thousand dollars and I was like
so I messaged the person shot and I was
like can you send me another hard drive
with the footage and got that started
adding it again
took months and months and months and
then I I don't know how to green-screen
so I kept trying to find a green-screen
editor first one flop second one flop
third one flop like they were just so
unreliable like I just I just couldn't
cope and like just recently I went to
recent trip to LA I found something like
you please do this I will pay you all
the money just please do this video
because it's been forever and lo behold
project B is what I used to call it but
clap number 12
aka clap number one two birds one stone
yeah should be out called if YouTube or
Bollywood
if youtuber Bollywood if you to was
Bollywood
if you oh no do I know English damn now
I have to go Google the ramp deck dammit
dammit burn on my pimples look rum this
cup I bought a few weeks ago I haven't
used yep sitting here in my room anyways
I'm gonna head to my voice just broke
I'm a good to bed right now I really
know what I vlogged today and if it
wasn't raining or not I have this
feeling every single night but work mode
as per usual tomorrow is Monday's video
dank is what my videos done to give you
guys a little insider edition because
I'm doing the twelve clubs of Christmas
some of them are already shot some of
them not so I might have to like hide
things from you in my daily vlogs or
also know who the collab is with and I
want to be surprise for you so in case
some days get missed in my vlogs or a
huge chunk of my day is missing that's
why it's because I'm collaborating
somewhere I wanted to be a surprise
capiche capiche capiche but tomorrow I
have a few administrative things to do
like work
emails things like that for the most
part I can kinda just like chill out Who
am I kidding I need to plan for the rush
to collapse if I'm completely honest
with you guys I have one to f3 locked
and loaded
but it's only 3 of 12 so hopefully
they're in a situation where like collab
12 comes out of your from mountain we're
not gonna do that we knock on do that we
not going to a worst-case scenario if we
can find on collab it's gonna be right
here with this unicorn so that's what's
up family bed the meantime did you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe because I like you
