my makeup lady just came and she's
really hot so I was like I hope she
makes me look like her like really good
and this side of the great over here the
director of life seriously 21st if I
move to always because she's moving to
LA under pretty now today because that's
what I'm so excited
project B are you ready slam slam slam
today a whole bunch of youtubers some of
the must have helped my head and a heart
Mae Murray whole bunch of them about
like 14 they just get to be themselves
so it's gonna be awesome
something people haven't seen before
that my lava got it up women love
bucolic dog vomit also in you but that's
all the things I have to do for my job
so much hard work like I'm supposed to
be second
God whoa
what
I was originally I think that's what it
is
it's actually the arduous wedding dress
I've ever seen okay we're gonna have fun
with a wrap on with it
Oh
