it's like everybody wants me to die
today good morning
first stop I'm so from her blog
yesterday I was sick for most today I
woke up feeling kind of crappy as well
live footage that was really live
footage I just read an activate but you
get what I mean I'm not feeling good
really got a feverish I feel weak my
body's broken and also I wake up get
this rock I wake up mother f is trying
to kill me I order a breakfast burrito
with eggs with potatoes lean it
whole-wheat wrap okay so they bring me
to wrap I'm eating I'm eating I'm lucky
something funny in here open it up full
of sausage so I ain't sausage
unknowingly I mean I kind of taste it
but I was like oh my daughter tastes so
good but then at same time I was like no
I stopped eating it starving then the
people come back to me like we're so
sorry about you the wrong breed oh
here's another one they delivered to me
again I'm like what absolutely postal
address I'm eating the burrito tell me
how to sausage and this one too let me
just show you this right here is live
footage of sausage that was in my mouth
this sounds really dirty I know all the
sexual comments are gonna be this
sausage that was in my mouth it's right
here that's gone so now I'm just like
okay of course there's no throw up later
yeah everything's awesome twice today
and I'm a vegetarian my stomach is like
it is livescript
have a call shoot the video stop being
sick Oh Corey Mills let's do all those
things huh
wait but you know what I know who likes
sausage just there Michael give the
points it's about girl up stuff which is
easily becoming my favorite thing ever
to work on really cool activation
happening in LA I can't wait to tell you
what a big ol baby
I also finished writing my script I
actually started writing it last night
but I fell asleep on my laptop cause I
was feeling so sick so I woke up early
and finished at my script my one that I
work off is always pink st. I'm in
videos when you see me holding something
pink as a prop in my script the crews
coming I'll go through the video come on
all the yes
Volken Paul is that you by the way
everyone thinks this is a Logan in my
last video this is Taylor it's not Louis
I know it looks like in all that Logan
looks like you that's right get out
Logan I'm gonna get assurance that I am
NOT Louis I prove speaking of my last
video thank you so much for all the love
on the video I knew was gonna do a
little better regardless cuz House like
me and Dom kissing in the thumbnail and
all the way but people are actually
commenting on like the creative of it
the script of it and being so many texts
from my friends and from so many people
that all my Bollywood actor friends like
I'm just a so many people design parent
talking so long like you last video sick
I'm like thank you so much I probably
read about it and today's script is so
so different as well and see what's
about you a little bit damn come through
that okay yes um with that ecosystem
hummingbird thank you
except X accent trends like a mock
parody like infomercial drug type thing
we're gonna shoot this product shot on a
torch which is there and then we'll do
the Linder mmm-hmm Morris all Wow
all right dream work I don't know what
teamwork makes the steam twerps teamwork
mix-up machine jerk teamwork makes them
all right so we got five characters in
this video and first I'm turning into
Samuel I'm trying to observe the art
behind you could you pass that cuddle up
to Daddy work environment why are you
putting on that red lip boom they'll
have to see me sweet Oh next week you
won't see that red right here Mikey here
Mikey right right here right after okay
you want to work for me
this is the job description on the first
day unhook her bra you did it was a
broad that's where the Monocacy met did
you know - goes that back during the bra
toss video getting married now
what up it's not even part of the script
I'm just making this crap
thank you baby nigga nigga nigga nigga
nigga nigga
hello and welcome back to an episode of
craft time with Kyle today we're gonna
do doodles on our hands using makeup I'm
gonna teach you a very advanced trick it
would be a smiley design smiley pizzas
so you think underneath the blue you do
one little strength can't see it on that
camera - and another little strength we
finish it with the ninth one of those
thanks for joining for another craft
time and something more is a fighter so
we need drawer for this shop but my
dad's don't have a drawer so check this
bag ready this is what a good to use
although hall so anytime we shoot a
video you should know that this is what
you see this put together this is nice
okay last shot here's the thing I'm
trying to look like Ed Sheeran obviously
this is not exactly ed Sheeran hair but
it's a closest color we could find so
try to like mess it up with some water
cuz he generally has like a messy vibe
but this is also not the right color so
I might have this dry we'll see what
happens and that is a wrap I'm taking my
hair oh I don't think I'm gonna put a
pizza on the oven right now I'm watching
Bojack and I gotta send my hot tub for
at least an hour because my body is
broken I'm trying to heal myself natural
message and a little bit of brandy
that's gonna go down and also so that I
go through my emails a really productive
shoot team killed it I think it was Nick
this mean my hot tub after so long oh my
god it felt so good my body feels a
hundred times better I am going to do
something doesn't go to bed and it is so
early right now you're gonna be so proud
of me the time is 11:30 I'm gonna go to
bed rest up I'm gonna drink a full glass
of water hold up and buy glass I need
your chills and I gotta pee and I wash
my hair give me the point I think we
killed it today I think we killed it
today let's see how we did
good day I'd be lying my friends I mean
water that Fastenal hurting me right now
I'm kind of hurting about mmm
but your hydration and some thanks for
joining me today tomorrow is Saturday
when you're watching this it is Saturday
which means I actually kind of have an
easy kinda sorta day you know what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna clean the goddamn
office closet because I cannot go join
me for that little bed darling if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe brick brick is a thousand
blogs a is a thousand blogs okay good I
don't know I don't think it's a thousand
blogs I don't think so I'm telling you
I'm gonna forget him I don't like Marge
that's like a smurf mouth oh my god I
look at top of an icy like us oh my god
a look what was I talking about but
