insert witty intro here what up y'all I
just got home from London E's house took
a shower then my makeup a little bit I'm
heading to the costume shop they had
some costumes before I had to Rick's
house because I got to pick up a few
scenes for something we shot in LA how
much should be there Rick should be
there sandy might be there I don't know
she's confirming so I'm like gathering
props and costumes right now and trying
to head out the door but first time home
you know breakfast goes go it's gonna be
a productive day why because tomorrow 8
a.m.
we's going to LA and this is the state
of the room so it's go having with
costume shop this place gets me so
excited to create videos like it makes
me want to just make movies look like
Belle Snow White I want everything kind
of this guy hello
gonna hire your number yeah yeah I'll
get on the phone yeah yeah just got my
costumes uh my car's a disaster just
like my room by the way I'm headed to
Rick's house I'm really extremely late
because I got lost to get in here and
they took a long time to pack the
costumes I'm finally getting there and
humble inside area to meet me there and
we gonna get to work yeah so I got all
the costumes laid out here you don't
know what it's for
you're not gonna know but there's a
bunny that's fun I'm gonna be a bunny
very lazy today hello this is not a film
day I'm also really easy to I was very
tired and lazy to look at it you know I
don't know if you appreciate this one it
but I love this kind I don't like any
weather that's not sunshine in beach
weather gloomy days I don't like who
likes gloomy days not not not I I know
every day's comment below because gloomy
days are very creative and very
productive and sometimes also very lazy
you just watch TV all day doesn't think
about gloomy days is what I'm agree with
it can you do your lip this is a weird
thing with his lips show them show them
so it doesn t look like Diddy Kong he
looks so weird oh my god freak of nature
to burn you
yeah okay he's a horrifying we're
waiting for humble insanity right now
and I'm also picking my wedgie so ma'am
no II don't know what is this
hello look my friends are here look
humble apart I'm growing a beard
yes this handy as a gauge II could
afford nice for you you're gonna be nice
there in my video they have no choice
now and we're going to get ready and
this is my pal ah stop factor yo would
you know about making videos dough about
making videos dough with you would you
know that's what's up what you know
about that look at this guy right here
here got the whole squad on deck though
bro you messing my check right here
where's my boat idle your family what
true is what happens when you become
friends with me I let's say you won't be
friends with me think again this is what
you get put through right here she can't
even go home yet I didn't give them food
nothing I can't can you press the huns
yeah my mind my still huge murder she
did she's washing my clothes and she
found a memory card and she'd washed in
my pot she's been having an anxiety
attack
yeah because I was trying to have it
because you're not gonna have time but
it still works and it's something
important but it still works so I'm
gonna be honest I'm gonna catch up
gluten corn pizza will be tough
these are this is my egg as you can tell
I got my good luck from the side of
Hamelin
while you get on to the family yeah
we're cutting mom's cake again
yeah but they turn out bad if you're
wondering why we've had 12 cakes thus
far is because different people have
come on different days things Indian
thing to do you know back foot another
round
son royal try ohm boom hey hi shy so shy
in front of you so I believe in you so
shy I don't show my skills right here K
ready ready I'm gonna walk away now imma
walk away I'm actually really good at
basketball usually I'm like so tempted
to take a nap even though I know it's a
really bad decision because it's 10 and
after unpack do my laundry and pack and
have to be at the airport for six so I
have to leave at 5:30
Arnold is a really bad idea but I feel
like I feel like I'm validated in doing
this because it's a good reason is
because I'm tired so taking a nap and
I'm sure the next clip of us balls gonna
be me waking up hours from now
regretting this but I'm knowingly going
to take that risk right now so Oh
skittles Junior more it's 1:30 a.m.
meow
was wow what's going on now I'm almost
done packing and and I'm hungry now so
I'm gonna eat the time is 304 so I'm
gonna leave in two and a half hours mmm
I am taking my iMac with me I know I
stopped doing that I used to take my
laptop but it's 11 days and I need to be
as efficient as possible so I'm gonna
try to take it and I'm completely
stressed about it so Robert what up
sweater reference I'm ready to go this
is
four on the plane I were to put over my
eyes helps me sleep
headed to the airport I got my suitcase
I in your suitcase soon cuz this one
like ma shop got my computer all ready
to go and the hardest part about the
vlogs I don't know when to start them
and end them because my dad's always
merged together I guess when we get on
the plane I'll stop it I'm just thinking
all out should I get an Egg McMuffin
usually upsets my stomach god I want to
be farting on the plane I mean don't go
to boy what does my brain doing right
now I should leave through security
everything's go to computer everything's
good heading to the gate humble and
stand here there look good hey I want to
meet humble and Sandy at our gate I'm
gonna is actually coming to LA tomorrow
so he misses out on day one but we're
excited we're all very tired we're
asleep on the plane we're all sitting
beside each other it's so much fun it's
so much
and this trip was all of what how even
we are being talked in a deed right now
this spontaneous meeting up right here I
sincerely hope you saw my genuine
reaction when I saw her I hope I was
logging back everything I did in Seoul
long those I don't know Nadine is also
youtuber and we went to Thailand
together and she's awesome as I was
saying before I sound 18 this whole trip
is all about working hard and hustling
but most importantly we have to make the
most amount of memes based off jazz oh
my god go the most amount of memes
creative memes here okay the whole trip
I want like 10 mins a day we have so
much material look at that look at that
Hey alright guys this is the squad jazz
where you have this is the squad and I'm
coming tomorrow we're gonna be an LA
together these people think they're
taking over my vlog but they're not
especially this one well not literally
in the morning and there will be a
battle constant battle for the AC maybe
we'll make a reality show out of it I
was plotting and buddy
there's ready but we will what it was in
the excel sheet Lisa you voted for it in
the excel sheet yeah boarding the planes
alright so we're on the plane and we're
going to take off soon and then we're
gonna have London adventures this does
not happen so I'm gonna end the vlog
here and make sure you subscribe if you
want to see more time thing to do is if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
I mean if you liked it subscribe another
oven over here if you like it it like is
it's good lack of instruction my friends
