good morning mmm so I haven't slept for
hours I woke up like hours ago my jet
lag was like you're awake and so I'm
just up I'm gonna check out in a few
hours
can't even address what happened last
night I don't I like my my brain hasn't
fully registered so I'm not going to
comment on it yet until I can actually
comprehend what happened I am gonna
randomly go to London I've decided it's
in like an hour flight or something
something wrong London for two days um
and yeah we'll see what happens
I don't know spontaneous living we'll
see what happen why mom mom mom what's
up laughs everything's a mess I shoulda
breakfast someone have some breakfast
and then my flights in a few hours and
that's what I'm gonna do okay
another journey for team super my
favorite people in the world all right
so I'm having a surreal moment right now
I'm sitting in my hotel room and MTV
amazed what play on TV and I'm like done
every year I live tweet like I was there
I was here
this is the moment for me right now I
always live tweet the show real okay
sitting at home like your nose there
this time I would bear bras their row
rows their rows there oh my god I know
exactly
oh my god right there yo so I'm checking
out I don't think know what I'm gonna do
for the next couple hours um maybe I'll
see through that he closed my tourist
attractions I don't know if I have a car
idle situation is we go downstairs and
figure it out um this hotel room first
of hopefully many hotel rooms around the
world in which I get to go to award
shows because I had a phenomenal time so
thank you for being kind to me hotel
good memories good memories I'm gonna go
check up so I'm exploring glass glad I
can say and it's struggles glass house
Scotland which place Colin Buchanan's
Street check out how cute the street
isn't making showed you before nighttime
but it's like too little too little
place cuz we're European rise your floor
insula here is a shopping explore this
guy told me that House of Fraser is a
really popular store and it's like
things I think got a lot of pride on
nation like probably you don't fit no me
directly to the Walmart hello how are
you
you're in the vlog now who the heck are
you a nice to meet you hi selfies in
Scotland said it is nothing as I showed
me to some cheap shops right now
hopefully uh spent too much money
because my suitcase sorry like way too
heavy
I think I'm walking against oh wait you
know what I'm walking on the wrong side
road that
that's my fault come on Willie stop
being ignorant tourists anyways this
place is so cute let's explore look
around do some cool people ah and they
escorted me to talk shop so we're just
like friends now it's not even now I'm
gonna say goodbye no classical gym super
Stalin turned up yeah I'm officially
heading to the airport I got a lot of
shopping done people always ask where I
get my t-shirts from specifically in UK
I get from Primark and top man cuz in
Topshop because they have six shirts so
I head to the airport and I'm going to
start my spontaneous trip to London hi
Scotland you were awesome I'm at the
airport I'm like so stupidly early for
my flight because I realize a local
flight it's only two hours that are you
to come so many hours only the EMAs is
still on every single screen and being
advertised everywhere every time I see
it it makes me feel happy and some nice
Lapland such a short trip but it was
phenomenal such a gorgeous place I would
love to come back I'm psyched to come
back one day so just great experience I
know I still haven't commented on the
Emmys yet I will I promise I will I'm
really cold right now I know why I think
I am more in style Jack arena then again
the club's winter jacket over here
it's like a little pool like a pool
green pool green brown color so you know
all right no I have nothing else to say
alright then off to London we get blacks
ok so I just had the weirdest experience
first time so a few fans came up to me
in like a cage a picture all of a sudden
five people run and start taking a
billion pictures of me and like oh it's
your family with you like no he's like
paparazzi there was a JIT paparazzi in
the airport following me and there's
like five people storm there's like a
Justin Bieber boat five repo school and
we start snapping pictures I was like
getting blinded but I had my first
paparazzi experience I'm like what the f
am i for no one what's that ah I'm so
confused
what the hell is going on did that just
happen oh my what that like Jackie look
up here looking Vincent Oh what I mean
you have the security I can't even talk
right now what the hell just happened
right I'm on the plane I also just
realize this video dude what to take off
the fly it's only like an hour in 20
minutes or something right
this wasn't this big in the morning
Ray's was about to take off feeding lab
let's welcome to London were in London I
knocked out on the plane so hard of the
hardest I'm not gonna play house up the
whole way I'm so tired right now I can't
function I only got like two three hours
sleep a sleep like you miss welcome to
London blacks I'm gonna come pick us up
so the adventure begins when the UK
massive and this time round I go my
grenades I'm sleepy you can't just play
the game when you feel like I'm sleepy
no he's a right hand drive mine's
driving this time in the other way
around like me signals is that look I'm
um I'm I'm trying to be cool attitude
they do Anna right oh my mom's this is
wrong
get lost yeah hey guys so I am seeing a
man's room he's making some food for us
I don't think I'm gonna be posting a
Monday video because in such an idiot I
didn't take into account that I'm gonna
get here and also oh there's a time
difference I have more time so I could
like do it late at night and like post
and we'll still be on time and I didn't
take into account that's not my house
and almonds parents are sleeping and it
can't be loud so for the sake of not
being a horrible houseguest I'm not
gonna post a video I'm sorry but I will
be posting my EMA recap similar to the
one I did for the VMAs on Thursday which
I'm very excited about because I'll have
footage from the actual event so sorry
about that and thanks your patience I
thought I would take opportunity to now
that I've calmed down a bit tell you a
bit about swords heater in the
background if you hear a noise tell you
a bit about the EMA's I got there the
red carpet was just phenomenal I was
I've never walked around carpet like
that like was so
cool and there's so many cool people
walking and walking the same red carpet
as like Ariana and like eggs Sharon and
just like it was just so surreal um I
was really nervous cuz like I don't
expect her to do Rogers like you know be
yourself
dude you gotta do so I walk down it I
ended up missing the beginning of the
show which I was really annoyed about it
cuz it was a weird everyone was chillin
in the talent lounge the show started
and like no one did anything like there
was no announcement those are nothing
the show just like started so I was like
oh okay let's go to the venue now I walk
over into a room that has like thousands
of audience members and like the shows
that he started I'm like how did I not
know this so that was really like weird
um watching the show and I was in the
glam pit where all the artists were so
before they performed after they
performed all that stress was sitting
with all of them I think the highlight
for me was seeing Nicki like Nicki
slated as a whole she's a really good
host she's really freaking pretty like I
know in a video she was pretty but in
real life and Nicki is hot as f same
with Ariana what they're both gorgeous
holy crap Niki is like life goals I saw
her I don't get rehab she slayed the
hosting she slayed the performance and
she's just so anka chance to meet her
which I'm bummed about but like I said
honestly I'm not one of people's like
super upset about it she was hosting and
performing a lot in her play
I'm so happy I got to be beside her when
she won her award but it's just nothing
on bucket list meaning who knows nothing
is gonna happen
the only thing I was thinking like while
watching the emails live which like do
this is life goals like there's certain
situations when you're in that
environment like this is what I want
like it was one of those situations
where I was just watching out and I was
like this is validating everything I'm
doing and is reassuring me this is what
I want to do was just so cool I when I
met was so sweet and you know watching
back the footage I'm a pretty confident
person like I usually don't get nervous
about a lot of things or I hide it
really well watching back on the footage
like I was so nervous talking to Ariana
and talking to like add and I could see
it like I could see myself being nervous
and like speaking fast like doing it
ever cells like okay a lot of things for
me to improve on and learn on and so
like it was a really big learning
experience it was just the MTV people
held it down they took so much care of
me just huge shadows to MTV but overall
the experience was just like
mind-blowing and I'm sure I'll remember
stories like
down the line and tell you guys have
stories but right now eyes all I can see
it was like mind-blowing and like I
can't believe I went it was so cool so
cool that's all for now meeting my vlog
uploaded almost done he's like I'm some
type to the beer mug brew and then he's
like yo wrong on LeBron he's like Dawg
I'm just like yeah and he's like mmm
so I'm going to eat for this to finish
uploading
minimott asleep I'm taking over Alan's
room and he's gonna sleep on the couch
get you got my own room that's right
that's right
I believe you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe it shop
