tsubasa good morning it is not even
close to morning it's almost evening I
took so long to start the vlog that so
many things to do I couldn't blog knows
I should i blog please shine not long I
blocked a shot round then I decided I'll
miss you too much so of course I'm gonna
vlog was amazing close with productivity
lives that we go also harder I also just
put him in a nap but that doesn't matter
that's irrelevant to the hustling that's
going to happen here's the missions you
also that was gross I'm so sorry that
was ripped
no one was better okay I have a call a
meeting another call I'm doing this
shoot ever write a script and then Kyle
is making me dinner
those are things we're gonna do this
shoot is a really fun let me tell you
about so today when you're watching this
right now in La Americas in Canada
doesn't Eastern Standard times as is is
it is child Khan's birthday if you don't
know who that is big as movies on the
world picture right there had the
pleasure of meeting him a couple years
ago and he was just so fantastic and
wonderful I'm doing a one-minute
Instagram video a tribute to a song so
I'm actually like gonna shoot a little
video it's a mash-up of all of these
pages for me lady that I'm working on as
the meetings I sue them give me the
points down the cargo two points in the
meeting just almost strangle myself with
this thing give me all the points for
the other call and stuff now we gotta do
the shooting all right Dwayne I'm gonna
give you a little of a makeover for this
video but dignity
so wrap the shoes we looked at the
footage and all of it was corrupted on
the computer nos goal F in play me right
now but then it was the card reader and
rechecking goes by Saturday is good
rewrapped it no cover on my Instagram
today when you're watching this but now
I'm hanging two castles this house
cooking me dinner because I guilt trip
to the other day cuz he was like I could
this I could that you never come over
for dinner I'm like oh you have never
invited and over for dreams like oh you
right so he's invited I see what he made
you know you in koalas house when you
see things like this Sam daddy got
aren't beeping daddy got what's all this
appetizers my drank multiple drank that
cleans Oh Sam
okay are you trying to turn straight Oh
what is this magnificent pasta has
mushrooms and asparagus yeah my dream
sauce and bread crumbs on top because
I'm around tonight hope and the most
important ingredient what you think of
this most important ingredient red chili
flakes oh right thank you for an amazing
time I know I messed up your hair sorry
amazing either no maybe you have like
way back when when you cared about
impressing me okay well I'll do the yeah
oh I'm stop that was so change that
crack the new pinata Charles just forget
scaring that part of me stop don't do
that oh I need to clean up this place a
little bit cuz my interest everywhere
and is any this charm video like go give
me next points don't give the points
under yet but stand by to the point who
wanna do you so good right now yeah you
like that like the hey
Oh my ministry got my time you're
watching you this time I order to be
able my Instagram I'm also today on my
main channel I am releasing a video what
it's a little bitty always a little
sneak peek we need a head what about a
challenge the video I mean I know you
hate slime would you rather or never
however we can prank call somebody by
every third one my boyfriend does my
makeup and then a blindfolded makeup
challenge how about working what I'm
gonna give you what you want make sure
you stay tuned for that upload my main
channel I'll be doing super 60 and if
you're coming from the vlog family make
sure you let me know something to show
you some extra love like I always do any
time with your comment someone from the
vlog fan I'll likely respond so make
sure you go and do that can I just say
that since I've got my own house I am so
good at keeping my room clean like you
will just take a moment ignore those
those are the fluff questions that no
one actually sleeps with they're just
for decorative purposes to go on the
floor but I'm just saying like real talk
I'm killing it out here as an adult I
mean I eat egg goes for breakfast and
like a pop-tart for dinner and stuff but
like besides that I'm killing as
sometimes I don't wash my face before I
sleep also my pillow doesn't have a
pillowcase it's been like that for a
while but other than that killing it I
don't even think I had lunch today but
other than that I also don't know how to
do taxes I have some of that is my taxes
I don't actually know what taxes are I
may be sure what of taxes well y'all
killing it as an adult otherwise
absolutely 100% absolutely million a
jumbo how body gun my
no doesn't feel good copyright my
culture wash my face and moisturizer go
to bed then I wake up and I have pimples
like this the next more so what's the
point
speaking of points let's see how we did
well you know what comes really quickly
Monday and Thursday
like Monday enter that feels the week
has other days just Monday Thursday
Monday Thursday Monday the Casa like you
I'm so ahead on videos and then the next
day I wake up and I'm like oh my god
today mother Thursday night on the video
what the actual app I don't understand
but that's why the house lights are
continued as it will tomorrow because
productivity is my middle name
I also don't have no men but if I did
every product L P X loops if you liked
it subscribe if you liked it subscribe
I might just say it now cuz I know it's
gonna happen in a few vlogs my thousands
vlog I feel like one that day comes I'm
not even gonna remember it because I'm
always one day behind so it's not even
occur to me I'm just setting your
expectations real clear right now but
you want a slick
