home sweet huh look what jazz 1d what
does the game you wanted ingest the
shooting water game jazz beat all these
mother effers and won me this unicorn
right here she did not cheat as a gold
horn this is my new unicorn friend but
I'm to the collection this is jazz the
winner this is me the real winner of the
prizes I'm tired and I'm nothing what
did you say so I'm going to actually I
don't want to get up because I don't
wanna ruin my day but yeah the Skype
call 11:30 it needs my room my mobile
home was being so mean to me
open stupid this is my room you guys
know it from previous vlogs
Jasleen the other room and this is gonna
be humble right here this couch right
here this section of the couch at least
where does dead be are because that's
actually gonna be for us to lounge no
how do you feel what your room I have to
pack all my stuff in brown paper bags
it's like tickets tickets haha
absolutely bring the selasa shoes
besides that you can send out only go
get food where you going
Panera Bread what is inspiring decisions
it's the closest thing and green tea and
coffee why what's important with the
coffee its we like free shit ok
important question time would you rather
fight a horse sized duck one horse-sized
duck or 100
duck-sized horses probably one of our
sites on one horse dog yeah thank you
a horse sized dog yeah those look fine
what is he gonna do crack at me oh
you're one of those things on
my dad's got me paneer and brannom so
just learned and I'm so sleepy mother a
bad meeting on food is going in my belly
and then I'm gonna go into my small
intestine large intestine and I'm gonna
poop it up but I do look so handsome
she look so handsome bye you look so
handsome so handsome
oh my God look at he's so handsome got a
round button this shirt so nice boys I'm
in bought me the best gift ever show
them what you bought me this veloute
it's Bart Simpson sweater and show the
socks okay I didn't get it at first but
it's a cat and says a sturdy but
catastrophe it's cool hey I please very
much lady this slider is bombed oh this
is really very what's your three thanks
man I know best letter ever so good time
i Jim Carrey one two yeah I'm also gonna
steal all the other clothes he bought
but I can Thanks that's okay you never
know anyways we're getting ready to go
to lunch and Cheesecake Factory with
guttin I love that and I haven't seen
him at the last couple times I came to
LA and I'd miss him so much
anyhow I just seem I'm so excited my
hair is all wet but it's okay because
when your hair is a hot mess you just go
it's the soil so we doing yeah we're
going up and I have a migraine so I'm
going to drink some coca-cola be humble
just died because
got in just in the favorite book about
Lana I kind of just lied and told of
everybody watching this was read as long
shameless promotion if not promotion
because Lily hasn't ready to do this so
forget you guys meeting you
you guys should encourage Lily to read
it even though I wrote about Lily where
you wrote about the first chapter of
course I read the first ever I read the
first two chapters I mean that's a
reading Harry Potter and just skipping
to the part where I've never read harry
potter nothing saturated me while I gave
9 hours of my life to Hunger Games for
her
amazing I'm yeah amazing
it's going true Cheesecake Factory
nature everything is ginormous
these are lettuce rats it's basically a
field of vegetables on a plate
I was cast not it was an appetizer I
swear
I mean ask for a small I went for the
kids because this whole I would for the
kids menu I'm about it I'm it's been
ages
I know I love that awkward moment when
your slice of cheesecake is bigger than
your baby bro
it's bigger than gotten its it is
cheesecake is bigger than you it's at
least the size of my face
it's bigger than you and 1/8 of your
nachos we're gonna do is they write and
they write a first my normally large
Aria okay like is this bull you just
would say I know it
gotta get a little bit of the cream
so good and so bad so good I mean can
you go can you go in my room and get the
gift that's about me earlier can you
just get it for a second it's not so
humble what you got me whose love for me
it's a cash watch oh but what you got
for me even though we're all staying
here together what was purchased for me
you're gonna see why are you as a
mannequin
I tried let's just show him to show him
totally to fit me into mine though so I
can't explain to me what's why I don't I
tried looking for a medium my everything
oh look at me no you can't know it's
where he purchased it for me okay
are you gonna wear it like in a video
once and then never worry you know we're
at a million times
the only other sentence I never see
where any of I promised mrs. give you
that one cuz I have a new one now
okay we are tell them where we're going
Chipotle if you're watching this we need
free Chipotle by now we need for each
appalling
oh my god how long we're gonna miss you
so much and we're not wanting the stairs
what's that you don't even know me oh
I'm going to pull a let's same prices
there baby
then guys doesn't umin look so handsome
at least so handsome you're doing why
don't you do this Oh
- pull - portal-to-portal this progress
support live really capital I'm a
four-year-old girl humbler attaching my
cape to my onesie can you make a wave in
the wind humble and I'm and I've decided
they can be in my video today
big brain didn't read my video when to
the seven second challenge I generally
don't like challenge videos but I
thought this one could be fun as well
friend saying they'll be sang so we're
about to record this but these two divas
are getting ready right now taking
forever men may be wondering
you may be wondering what's happening
right now in the head I'm looking into
the Bruce punched it they drew on me we
designed a video together in case you
don't know I make videos on my main job
in Monday and Thursday we - the seven
second challenge so check it out the
link is in the description is
sufficiently silly did you guys have a
good time wonderful Oh amazing the best
one it's weightless this is the her best
video ever
yeah like every video is is real fun
Andrew a lot action-packed it's like if
you know what people will get to learn I
mean him or two different people know
when you yeah oh my god almost oh my we
are two different people by the way like
that's this is a person I'm not shadow
you know what else you also realize we
are never in competition with each other
we're on the same team my video is
uploading it is 136 am sad but it's
uploading it's a good one it's good when
we actually surprisingly all tied we all
go for points so but they can know this
is gonna be a fun time the videos up
just what are you doing well going I
just read a really inspirational quote
can I share it yes praise from deadmau5
okay
the popular DJ from Toronto Toronto I
was the least popular at my school the
less popular you are the more time you
have to work on your own
as opposed to trying to fit into
everybody else's thing that's some
wisdom right there you just dropped some
wisdom I know I wish I knew that we
popular husband with the Pearson kinda I
was popular but then towards the last
couple years a lot of people hated me
really yeah why did you steal someone's
boyfriend I just I don't know they were
just your group of people that are like
me I was a really small high school so
like my great everybody was just friends
I don't know if I was popular or not
well I think you're very popular now I'm
hanging around humble to poet and
inquisitive exquisite --iv in close to
all and jazz the boss jazz the boss's
sister boss is the coach as the boss is
doing we are going to go to sleep now
all the last I'm going to sleep and the
boys are sleeping on the couch because
they suck bum we're asleep very
exclusive exclusive yes we are wait no
oh stop it
hey you later we're gonna sleep why did
you do is if you liked it subscribe to
if you liked it subscribe it if you
don't like it subscribe you like you
subscribe it is if you like and
subscribe
