there are so many boogers in my nose
right now
forgot my memory card of my blog camera
in my room so now we're starting the
vlog on my phone what's going on I am so
not awake right now my makeup is
actually a hot and disaster on my face I
slept on my winter jacket and I'm
leaving going tired I cannot wait to go
back to LA like we literally came out
wait but I'm going to do this meeting
before she's not the shiz now I'm
confused
yo I'm back in my hotel my vlogging
camera it's still cold as f and I'm like
I just switch rooms I don't know but
then I'm like my flights are like 7:00
in the morning so I literally have to
leave my hotel in 12 hours I'm not
really gonna pack my ish up anyways I
have a dinner I'm gonna walk for dinner
and some drinks I've had a long day a
long stressful day I don't want to talk
about it but I'm gonna go out I'm in New
York McGill find a positive in situation
silver lining I'm actually gonna meet up
with my boy Jay Sean I have not met him
ever before but we've been virtual
friends for a while so we're gonna go up
for dinner um yeah you know got a poom
job's got to unite around the world you
know big Jan what is my hair even doing
right now what is my hair even doing
right I didn't even know but that's what
situation gonna be I'm thinking first
like I went take a nap for an hour and
like I need to fill this vlog with some
stuff okay so the AMAs are today and you
know how I love watching award shows and
doing live tweeting about it but I'm
like am I really gonna spend the one
night I have in front of this TV in this
cold room watching this right now so I'm
going out for dinner and then maybe
watch a rerun of it tomorrow so I don't
think I'm gonna live-tweet the AMAs even
though my bass Lena Gomez gonna be there
I don't know I'll see I just figure like
I've had such a long day night I don't
want to like stay in my room sad and
watch the word show I wanna like go out
and like kind of get my mind off things
so that situation right now we're in 10
billion layers and I had what is my life
I can't wait to go back to LA I can't
wait a 7:00 a.m. flight it's
six-and-a-half hours I don't get the
geography of why it's two hours long I
don't understand all right now but I
might just pull an all-nighter explore
New York a little bit
it um lie on the plane that's what I
might do first I'm gonna eat those
Pringles over there though oh look at me
blown in the bedroom that we mean
painful I'm ready to leave I Know Who I
think I'm going to get a jacket like I'm
freezing outside instantaneously regret
this I am late like usual I'm relieved
let go so at this fancy restaurant
there's a strange man that's buying me
food
hi I'm the strange man I'm just why this
frenzy the Canon Vixia
J ordered this amazing like this but I'm
gonna make him eat everything bad right
now
everything bad including fancy drink oh
yeah so this is gonna be the official
initiation of my NJ friendship right
here
Oh Christmas gift which I think might
actually just be a naughty
so on my rather boring looking tuna
steak Sigismund into my hand spaghetti
spaghetti car cause I'm Karzai and the
power as well
oil and butter and happiness and joy
from the Modi's your way to make you I'm
such a loser now I'm home and I'm
listening to Jay Sean's down bring a
back good memories jinshan back home
it's wonderful that our rooms are
disaster got home that much to package
this is one thing it's freakin great so
I'm going to pack I have to leave my
hotel in five hours and 20 minutes so
I'm like there's a lot of time so I
watch some TV ask them to bring another
blanket up and be like you're my body be
frozen by Jay and my body singing let it
go let it go cuz it's frozen so I might
just like cuddle up watch some TV or I
might go to sleep I know say I don't
know we'll see such a short trip I don't
know what is my life what is my life
about just hopping from one place to
another state to stay country coach like
what am I actually about what is
actually happening
yo Polly spoon all my pimples I'm going
to jump into bed it's 12:30 early for
the airport and four and a half hours I
don't know what else to do so I'm gonna
go to bed and like go through Instagram
and ish
you know what I don't get hotel rooms
when the plug is not anywhere near the
bed so my phone has to be although over
here in Narnia
and I'm sleeping all the way over here
like why is it no plug here why I'm
opposed to be scrolling through
Instagram I'm sleeping dad I'm gonna
sleep I guess I will keep calling as
today and then I will stop vlogging once
I land back in LA I don't know what day
is happening in which day blogging is
happening in which day I don't let you
know so this is happening mmm Belle tiny
watches the team super shirts would have
been done gone you can't get it I told
you 1000 ball more clad time get the
blood class shirt and if you're looking
at in our lap oh my party may not get
this shirt too bad I'm gonna go to bed
now um I remember I will I'm not gonna
end because the vlog is talking the vlog
is still going what's going on in my
brain right now I'm going to bed I'm
going here I'm going to bed speak soon
speak soon we're heading back to LA and
a few hours team super travel around the
world together and I love it so much
more morning it's 5 a.m.
I'm just starting to the move headed to
the airport now
I don't comprehend well my flight is so
much longer going to LA than coming here
coming here was like four hours 45
minutes not six and a half hours like am
I going to Australia our generation the
geography the science what is the
science so I cannot wait till I'm back
in LA and always winter jacket I am a
static I'm too excited with that
situation we had it's the airport
hopefully my car is actually here
outside the hotel a key Jew bolstered at
the airport the weather outside is gross
disgusting I'm so tired I feel like
throwing up you know feel like that
we're so tired your body said that's
what I feel like right now you should
like eat something or drink something or
the mouth tastes like mint tea from
toothpaste and like the mixture of like
tiredness exhaustion and like
questioning what life is yeah yeah I'll
find some food I'm all checked in I just
hope I don't fall asleep I my game is my
flight I'm so tired but I'm gonna knock
out on this entire plane right have a
window seat as of right now my row is
empty so I hope no one sits beside me so
I can lie down and knock the effort the
effort yeah so multi security and have
to show you guys something I saw what a
lanyard is all this cool art piece thing
here I like a plain Nexus spinning thing
and I know if you can see but like it's
all sparkly and all over the planer like
different parts of the world I'm gonna
zoom in so you can see it cuz it's like
that dope for that
I mean pretty dope it's not inquisitive
illustration but like a pretty dope put
it no I'm gonna find some food now and
board the plane then sleep forever and
ever and ever and ever and ever and ever
that's my sleeping face I'm so hot I'm
so hot that everyone just dropped their
pen put your panties back on everyone I
get it though I get it I am on an
airplane and meat waffle and this guy
would never do damn I'm gonna be too
excited if this Rose emptied the lady
said that should be empty I'm gonna be
too happy I just lie across it's the God
please please God just give me this roll
just immediate roll please give me the
rule I think I bit my tongue
looks like it you need to just die I
have or an exit sign will indicate group
reached and exit in an emergency
evacuation will open automatically while
remaining seated with your seatbelt
fastened quickly reach for the nearest
mask and pull down firmly to start the
flow of oxygen with the yellow cup over
your nose and mouth with the elastic
band over your head and tighten by
pulling the straps on either side
so we're back in LA semi
we flew into jacket I'm so excited to
assume the Sun humble
and then Commons coming home
from the simple handstands festival
today we're gonna go meet gut in
this video day was a bunch of stuff to
do but I'm going to end the vlog very
shortly because it's the next day I just
want to point out that I've been waiting
outside for 25-30 minutes now humble and
jazz are still not come
rude they're late comment below that no
ha root there cha oh they're right there
finally let's look at their lateness
they're so late there so late
kill them in the comments below they're
so late so late so late and back home
and these friends and their friends and
things over from something if you liked
it subscribe if you liked it subscribe
if you liked it subscribe this is the
end
