it's d-hop um yeah yeah what's going on
by the theater it's absolute chaos mode
dress wasn't started everything's going
good though I'm pumped only three hours
of sleep from Pompey pot Oh
a pot let's not stall the elevator but
it's gonna go down
it's have written my cue cards yep like
you blobbin
I'm about to do my a mic sound chair I
like to do my sound check in the theatre
of Mg I'm so tired I'm okay where are
these Mount Everest coming from it's
like the minute I know I have a show
it's like boom boom boom boom boom so
annoying so annoying a lighting text so
he do things was so and I just like kept
Jeff but yeah but I'm so tired but I'm
turn it on I strategically saved one
rock star and now I'm gonna do it and
now what happened what happened look how
pretty the Sienna rocks one happened all
right so I'm backstage in my conductor
outfit what you think do I look like a
circus conductor this what the stage
looks like oh yeah I got my little area
here with my cue cards I am nervous I am
very nervous right now
but are we gonna make it happen it's
just difficult when you organize an
event and hosted it's like ooh no no
where is the break in the sitting-down
part dozen happen um so I'm gonna enter
with a parade it's gonna be fun it's
gonna be heavy
hi
Oh
Oh
Oh
it's several days later I don't remember
what the last thing I've logged was I
think it was from T dot yeah I'm pretty
sure was from Tita after that I went to
the after party after that I slept an
entire day I still don't have a voice my
ears are plugged you might be wondering
where that f are you I'm in LA look at
me
disappearing and then being in a
different country and stuff anyways I
just let's have a one-on-one real quick
have a one-on-one real quick
I stopped vlogging for a while because
he followed me on social media I went to
a bit of a emotional mental breakdown
and I had've logged a lot of those days
and I was like looking back at the vlog
footage and I don't believe in sending
out negative vibes so I was like I'm not
I'm gonna post this but I wait till I
mean all happy and positive again which
I am now I have my moments but I am now
and so I'm deciding to not post any of
that footage I'm going to release this
vlog this messed up effed up mess of a
vlog that's like many days and then from
this moment on from tomorrow my vlogs
only back to daily vlogs thank you so
much for your patience I'm actually
going to end this vlog right now and
then press record again and make it a
new day so this is gonna happen
doctor daily vlogs hope he's happy
thanks for being patient t da was
amazing T that was awesome it was the
best tea that I've ever done it's so
much fun um so shadows to everyone that
came and helped and helped out and all
the sponsors and all the people about
tickets and it was just so so much fun
um but yeah
we's in LA so if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe if you look at
and
