oh my god today's hunger games day
good morning I woke up in education now
my batties king um it's video day today
Thursday video day Amanda's gone to
Orange County which is like an hour away
he has an event that he has to do some
paintings and art stuff colors
inquisitive things so we are going to
drive there tonight
the our drive to our hunger games
together my mom already saw a message
this morning being like oh my god it's
so kind nothing I got is really going to
take its so I don't think oh my god I
can't wait yeah that situation right now
first I got my video I have only like
four hours to do my video because then
we got to make the trek and do dinner
and all that jazz Saturday lies here hi
guys I'm clearly allowed to be in the
gloves again you're lodging the vlogs I
forgot that you have terrible taste
yeah we had the basically sandy and I we
hug it out let's hug it out what we do
we hug it out let's hug it out that's a
good hug just good hug that's good rub
that's good yeah there you go
I was a bit that's good one look like
that me just hugs make everything feel
better look at it oh my god both ah you
are an apparently Lilly's mostly old
skittles yeah she kind of does okay so
basically we have a social media war
going on because they invade my vlogs
I've been posting on their Instagram and
Twitter is hacking them and they just
hacked my fan page being like I love
humbling Inc so much they're so hot and
I love them I'm so happy they're in my
vlogs PSS mother cold skills
oh the wars are not the worries on the
way it's not eating you
it's obviously I appreciate all those
things available okay okay hey Don so
I'm writing my video is a girdle on it's
like girdle is such a girdle and good on
it's called if I were in The Hunger
Games appropriate because I'm so excited
and we'd watch they're gonna take the
meantime jazz when I got is to pull a
because we don't know what else to eat
here judges judges hard we're disgusting
human beings are disgusting and cupcakes
jazz did a good thing I'm awesome I'm
obsessed with sunflower seeds I'm
looking I love salted sunflower seeds
like obsessed I also the first person
ever I gave jazz my phone first person
ever to get my phone password how do you
feel about that I call my daddy on my
booty calls texts though I'll call ya
yeah okay to them tonight he'll okay
okay okay all right
put on my calendar anyways we want you
to bowl a eat some cupcakes do my video
maybe then I am excited so excited
hey the odds be ever in your favor and
tell you why I love Chipotle right now
let's read this quote on the bag okay
I'm not put way back it says don't be a
jerk try to love everyone give more than
you take and do it despite the fact that
you only really like about 7 out of 500
people accurate accurate I only like
yeah like four people you're one of them
you're one of them jazz is one of them I
like like jazz the rock Jennifer
Lawrence
the dude from monopoly go to the for
those are for people I like
oh and sandy humble and inquisitive Oh
basically I still want a sandy shirt she
doesn't know it anymore
my batteries are dead and I'm on such a
time crunch right now and I'm just like
charge I frigging I'm trying to miss
behind schedule now anyways this is my
tripod cuz I'm so fancy and we're gonna
shoot this way and pretend like these
drawers are missing and they aren't over
there filled with oil that's what's
happening
I'm so mother than fancy don't have
batteries don't have a tripod
clearly don't have a plucker because
I've one eyebrow this is what's
happening thug life
jet come fly kite
become become bro I'm saving you become
everyone just chill the eff up can you
just chill out please hey you're doing
great
you need to just calm down right now is
it helping my shoes are folks oil yeah
go just calm down
I'm helping you please calm down
thank you hey says the fly let's sit and
go be with your family success thank you
so I'm facetiming my mom and she's seen
Hunger Games she's threatening to tell
me what's happening right now
she's need she says it will you say was
amazing ray is amazing
she likes it because it was on a big
screen okay mommy
it's good oh my god
yeah so sandy came home and she realized
that we both owned the same shirt so
that was awkward
you stole my head
you stole but those were guys turban
stilts um so my video is saving it is
called if I were in The Hunger Games in
case you don't know I make videos on my
main channel with monday-thursday links
in the description so if you didn't own
that for some reason that you know and
you know click it and check it out and
let them know that the vlog channel
thank you
yo we are about your right to leave is
one hour drive to the theater who is
chillin
we had some Suzy cupcakes we what where
we ate some Sue's you are knows right
here Yui knows right here yeah where my
team super t hi right to go got my
Mockingjay here we're gonna leave but
how did that I'm stressed I'm actually
stressed because I watched the movie
that's gonna end again I thought a whole
nother year to see what happens and I
can't like I can't even take the fields
that are gonna happen like I can't do it
can't it hand it you do it
maybe you can do it yeah she did again
she's you're my first about me I'm
stressed about me - so we're in Anaheim
where there's no crowds anywhere she's
like no one lives here
he's waiting we're like an hour early so
we open some air hockey one thing about
me I'm so competitive in air hockey I
mean I'm in like fight till the death
and air hospital
so there is an air-hockey battle going
on what's this for - its - one Lily
the winner so now we're watching guys
inside new play we're just like it's
like watching it in slow-mo so we record
this you're not watching in Flowood it
just looked that way that was the
perfect time
all right so a little Shimon win twice
because I thought his life is so sad or
let's have one thing I'd be her twice
was it six six one was it six one wasn't
someone so I'm mostly poorly my boy over
here my boy my boy we got we got Lily
today then I'm faithful and and that's
only his dosage my dose he doesn't
encompass he's gonna help me out anybody
go be Lily again alright so we had four
games I'm in one three I won one no for
one it was free no sorry to hijack this
free now and then hit five in total six
for I don't know but then I'm irked his
cousin a drop she's my man she was
pretending my fishing he's got the puck
and they restart you can do the same
thing now that he can do the same thing
so there's not children tell me how you
feel baby's own she wants you want
everything up
you go to jail for cheating logging J
right now I feel great excited I'm also
very scared when it ends I'm so excited
I have no chill in trouble I've noted
well then I am even doing the gun right
now so I can't leave this theater
because I am having attachment issues
because the movie is done I am
devastated I cannot fathom waiting
another year to know what happens I just
can't I can't right now I can't I didn't
want the movie to start I didn't want
the movie to start do if you tell me how
it ends I will never forgive you
I didn't want to movie to start because
I was like if it starts I'm this is
gonna finish I'm I wanted to move to be
canceled I want one coffee like I don't
want to do this please cancel the movie
I don't want and now it ended and now
I've to wait another year and now I do
it another year to know happens I can't
read gets lost you can do it it's gonna
happen again so uh unfortunately uh
Hunger Games freeze finished now we're
checking over you know much again Brooks
is like the consistency of our vlogs
vigorous - thank you thanks very much
and look we're Jess so what do you think
oh cool I'm looking forward to finding
out how everything finishes we're gonna
wait - a whole year November the 20th oh
we might just go on with your PD and
find out well almost tempted to do that
buried in 2015 that's a long long way
away from that yeah we don't know what's
going to happen but that's certified and
we're just counting money I do why
money's not on Lily winning though I'm
probably all lose but thank you
you do it at the same time there you go
why it's not a good life in high you got
it I got it
damn good luck super one-on-one Oh game
1-1 100 - 100 all right three two one
three one Pro you need to get this three
- no pressure
Oh super close it's just for two yeah
you just need to get this no more chance
my last chance right now is on your
nostril five five five four five yo li'l
can you beat someone in a hockey five
two five though hahaha
did you that's right son
the odds be ever in your favour of yeah
we're back home after our long drive I'm
gonna try to go see now eh k think about
Mockingjay the entire night and no sleep
and tomorrow I think it's just a
full-fledged workday I might have a
meeting my not on a full-fledged workday
whack-whack whack-whack where were you
gonna go to bed and you should do is if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe even if you don't like it
subscribe true
