let's try this
all right everyone I'm kind of back kind
of back look I'm smiling a little bit
I'm a little bit better clothes still
haven't changed no matter how I feel
though thanks so much for your patience
I'm going to try every intent to vlog
today I'm gonna vlog and let's hope I
have the to post it up tomorrow um today
is the first day of t-dog
technically for us so we're checking
into the hotel and all the chaos is
starting now and I really dug deep and
decide to vol because I really want take
you on this journey because this event
means a lot to me so you guys Prince
Tina Tina Tina no I thought I'd show you
something funny so every year for tea
that we make these like dog tags that
are custom it says like superwoman
Lyndsey T Topanga and my life is so
go-go-go that I was picking up this one
I noticed last year's is literally right
here it means for a complete year just
dog tag has been sitting here and that's
how much my crap is all over the place
anyways TDOT oh yo let's go so in the
hotel room this is my conference room
this is Kim a I wear like the stress
level is increasing slowly the stress
levels slowly increasing but we go make
this happen
positive vibes unicorn bars back at it
and if you haven't bought your ticket
Jeff t-top hungry you look think you
waiting for a dog when this release is
gonna be Friday which means teed up on
us tomorrow I'm hosting it there's an
after-party is 19 plus the shows in
Brampton I know how if you live in
Brampton if yous brown and if used
living in Canada you livin in Brampton
or Vancouver if you're going back over
my bed talking really fast for you if
you want to sort eat up under you just
get them down below trip another table
come support me because I'm stressed I
need your support right yes definitely
totally yeah that thing is like weird
yeah
check out this organization got a
checklist on the wall alright this is my
sweet sauce lettuce supplies turn the
hotel into my up I broke up saying
turning my hotel into the office
and we've been organized love is here
jazz is here first one of course she's
always on time like this she doesn't go
her lesson you learn her damn lesson she
one comes on time
who's chilling today is Thursday I want
to make a video I told I said you like
that
I told you I would try to make a video
today depending on where my unicorn
heart was my unicorn heart does feel
better but I don't think the Wi-Fi here
can handle a video because I'm on the
internet and not Jazz's Internet's all
like and like five more people gonna
come in this room so like that I might
just start fresh on Monday you know I
mean Tina Co also you get tickets um to
pizza Deepa locations now one is 45 25
evany zero and one is 945 Peter Roberts
and so if you live in Brampton you can
go eight tickets there too and if you
don't live in Brampton you live anywhere
else the world you shuffle F Bop I will
shut up now
but Halloween edition beer pong with
high balls this also remember when we
went to play laser tag in this Anthon
got stitches we're gonna play in the
stitches on the sands injury the
greatest thing ever career you take
about a bow you take about a great job a
phenomenal job
we're about to get our meetings died if
you plus Domino pepsi-cola for everybody
so basically the game was whoever pins
the stitches on the Stanton gets to pick
a name and everyone's to call in that
name for the
higher weekend so tl1 over here okay
and the name she chose suggested by this
numbers boom it's not a color superwoman
everyone ever bother superwoman or she
doesn't respond so basically the payback
is gonna be this picture of the same
thing right here i'll 1.3 million of you
instagram followers are gonna see it
right now there's gonna be a real
superwoman on twitter very real
superwoman she won't be ratified she
will be verified I'll get it done right
I'll talk to whoever happy I'll get her
followers she will be all three start
following it it's getting posted right
now right now telling people against we
don't ever like to bring my heart and
thank you good to bring my heart and
things you played flip Cup the girls
totally destroyed the guys follow
cheetah up on your own if you want
updates I was going on on Instagram and
Twitter I'll put in the description
below let's get all these people waiting
at recess she never he says I'm walking
over here I don't even know what was my
sense this is let's talk about Jabbar
real quick this guy's name is Jabbar but
uh it was actually my neighbor growing
up right we've been friends since leg
over like how old I was three when I
moved in we oh my god three we didn't
talk with Ross not at all apparently I
bleed him all the time he believed me
too
anyways these are the people over the
weekend hope you enjoy the night Sarge
us what up hope you enjoy the ride and
of course armor this is what does
oh yeah bouncy cute Dana I can't see the
next size dude he's basically just came
from India like yesterday this is what
he doesn't sometimes that's not an
income question oh we're vlogging again
hello like oh yeah oh god good job
alright so basically all the immigrants
of India have gathered into this room
right now and in our spare time this is
what's happening at staff that's all I
know oh please be chair so we're logging
against for money of my own volition on
this weekend is gonna be a fun
individual little bunch of chaos going
around
where's in that zone right now he's in
the zone already make a meme out of this
look how it has drinka your girl
seriously someone took my boss
these people are guiding I can't even be
normal like me this is our staff put it
we're gonna watch this chewie movie
we'll want to swear we morally elsewhere
a movie you can't see in the standing
over there razor we're gonna watch this
way Liam obey which movie I were
watching others water and how these
people like schools with hair fighters
gay movie gorgeous so everyone was
terrified of scary movies raise your
hand
hey we stop watching the movie mingkun
me not sleepy kidding oh she wanted
pizza
Zoey I'm having pizza so we stop
watching the movie we stop watching the
movie and now we're gonna sleep and I'm
gonna eat eat you tomorrow
mmm oh jeez I look like a disaster yo
and don't forget that if you haven't
bought your tickets patita look at how
much fun we're having how much work we
put me into it you still got tickets the
event is tomorrow when you're watching
it will be tomorrow in a brand social
reality reporter common link is in the
description make sure you get your
tickets cuz I wanna be house days call
me a great time
one more thing if you like and subscribe
if you like it subscribe maybe like it
