good morning sunshine in LA so we are
starting our day look at us all up and
productive image we're freakin nailing
it
in the back and this would be it it look
like it came straight out of a friggin
boys to men video right now taking land
really looks like it's free remember
frozen let it go um so we are first of
all so sick my shirt us right now doh
anyways wheeze about to start our day
I'm dropping on out to the YouTube space
and meeting there's doing exciting stuff
tell them briefly what you're doing oh
so basically there's a massive
chalkboard in the space and
commissioning me to do illustration on
there like mass administration and by
chalkboard he means chalkboard the rest
of us are going to the Apple store
because as you know my iMac is rock my F
pop and keeps going to sleep when it's
so inappropriate just like me and we're
gonna go try to get that fixed so that
situation is beautiful outside everybody
gonna have good day a good day
I got uniting beware monsters yesterday
where our unicorn Island oh the colors
of the rainbow and you here's a wild
inquisitive pretending to do work I am
doing work follow boys to men video yeah
look at me hmm that just does my this
yeah we'll do it
oh yeah come by video you're trying to
get an iPhone 6 because he thinks that's
necessary it's actually cheaper in LA
I'm gonna make it happen
oh my god can I pretend I'm like in a
music studio yo one Sam put the table
once and for the base up like so he
turned into a woman for some reason
because it's a music studio no that
doesn't like a music studio yo why are
you whispering like that oh I don't know
I felt cool felt hippo very hip-hop
these are trying to be high basically
synthetic yo turn up the mics yes so if
you don't know this skg she Styles a lot
of my outfits she decides she's gonna
blog my outfit of the day every day so
if you wanna check out the outfit of my
Amaya in her office on Instagram you can
follow her at add the Sandi lion
right yeah sandy line there you go
hashtag that's cute
if you want to see all the outfits make
sure you follow all of the things we're
gonna take an ultra outside right now in
the sunshine look at these windows open
sunshine add thing we're heading back to
the Apple Store because the software
update software update won't even work
because my computer keeps going to
sleeping all working so in back to the
Apple store all the way they can fix
that they said five days on almost five
in five days but I mean there's the
YouTube space so whenever and then we'll
have a meeting jazz gonna attend her
first meeting and I'm so exciting I mean
that's what we do we're gonna see mom
Lizzy mom first answer
yeah so I just drop my computer off at
the Apple store they're gonna have for
five days I feel like I drop my child
off at school for the first time like I
cannot hope my baby's gonna be okay it
really sucks that I'm here for my whole
trip I got the computer I just that
would not that's what happened to me
though but whatever I needed to get
fixed outside and as jazz has so kindly
explained to me what if I didn't have
the space I don't have no convenient in
the last computer so it's ideal that
happened here Silverline unicorn
positivity to everything this light is
doing great things for my complexion you
know so back at the YouTube space um
Jazz's and I workshop right now humble
eye mints and you're all doing their
work I am in an extremely stressed mood
so I thought I'd have some real talk
with you I literally feel like I don't
know I feel like crying because I'm so
overwhelmed I'm just like I'm gonna
sound like a crazy person for a few
minutes but like I think I realized why
I've been a little bit stressed recently
and why I've been like just a little bit
like crazy I've noticed there's
absolutely no stability in my life of
any sort I received news that I'm gonna
have to go to New York for a day and
sometimes this week and just like okay
that's fine it's for something that
might be a great opportunity it's for
and I'm excited and I should be excited
because it's such a cool thing but it's
like nothing about my life is stable
I've tried to go on a vacation for like
a year and every time that happens to
get cancelled or something happens in
the middle of it for example I supposed
to go to Goa didn't go because the
Gulabi gang Bollywood thing happened so
cancel that vacation went to Ford with
my family left early for the streamys
came to LA to do a lot of work which I'm
still planning to do but also just to
kind of like you all my friends are
going beautiful whether I'm rich chilled
I'm not fun and kind of relaxed and I
was like oh if I go to New York I'm not
complaining because like these are all
good problems like being busy having
opportunities good problems was just
like it's getting so overwhelming that I
have no stability in my life I'm not
around consistent people like I miss
before I used to be like oh I'm doing
much things but EnOcean he's there and
the notion he's like my rock that keeps
me grounded like she's with me so I'll
keep saying it's like I haven't seen her
in so long it's like none of the people
in my life are stable who I'm constantly
around the places I'm not
anyplace I'm so all over the place and
every aspect is kind of overwhelming I'm
just like what is going on like what am
i doing what is where is home or my
friends what is my goal what is my job
what is my career like what's happening
just there's so much stuff on my mind
there's the release so meeting to
meeting to email think there's so much
stuff on my mind and I can't like am
literally driving I'm just like I don't
understand
and so I'm responding through doing this
lot I do not respond I feel like I'm not
sad I'm extremely overwhelmed and just
don't know how to deal with what's
happening in my life right now so making
it up as I go along
I've eaten so many nerds I just did a
video with Humboldt we want his channel
at some point in time I'm a wonderful
friend jazz did you learn a lot in your
class I did not Jasmine her and stuff
but she's gonna take over the world now
bro team super nice back for life I got
one these fancy badges that gives me
access to everything goodness son we're
gonna head to bed you girl have dinner
and go go home and watch Hunger Games
risk was groundhogs you know I'm saving
this i'ma save this come with them
and the x5 come on Shakalaka so check
this out
sandy illustrated us okay that's her
that's humble that's incredible
that's jazz and that's me obviously
considers emblems I'm blue and I buddy
aware and then Inquisitor was like nah
dilutions Jason Bagga T is really humble
and it's just like what even or this
that's the humble illustration case
there okay I'm probably looking at his
very own kind of bid I'm really proud
I'm impressed with the bid the B took a
long time mermaid yeah I was going for
that kind of light aqua color tones aqua
aqua aqua
let's go veggie Grill n tings McGuire
sing a song about veggie grill you give
me
the trill because your veggie oh look
who I ran into at the space oh the
mystery there's so much mysterious why
this lady's right it is sunshine like I
could be all the way I know you're still
in the lobby you sound like you're still
in the blood still in the bar but your
arm is in the bog you're not in the muck
a really long time that is pronounced
Joe's like my favorite people have 4 9 3
& 2 the hang loose can ya
Craig one has your chops and we're have
veggie we'll look at all the veggie
grill goodness it's like 20 mins away
but we still made the track because it's
that good
Bon Appetit yeah guess it's gonna happen
so in preparation to the new Hunger
Games coming out we're gonna watch all
the Hunger Games number one is today
number two's tomorrow and take a break
and on Friday number three for order
humble sandhya have never seen the
complete Hunger Games I'm Anna and I are
extreme fans I was a fan and then I got
him on board and I was addicted I'm
gonna your thoughts and feelings towards
this how Colin way I'm so excited I'm
saying up this right now so we're
setting up a blanket thing right here
Jenna taught me just when do np6 well
you don't have enough couches you just
throw blankets and pillows on the floor
and hope for the best
are you excited Jeff yeah I excited
sandy so excited excited the most
excited person here so calmly
I'm gonna may the odds be ever in your
favor though bro yeah we just finished
watching Hunger Games one and it was
awesome what did you think of seeing it
again it felt fresh and amazing there's
always a call away for number two
tomorrow
I don't over do tomorrow what your day
it was cool
that's right jazz for the parts you are
awake what'd you think I watched number
two tomorrow and then I'll write it on
the Hertzog laughter okay I I'm in love
with Jennifer Lou and she's big she's
big huh
I need a bow and arrow I'm just saying I
don't get why I don't have Borneo right
now that's what I'm saying
we're gonna go to bed right now what you
should do is if you liked it subscribe
if you liked it subscribe dude if you
like is a bribe a so the reality was I
couldn't even pay attention to the movie
because Lily fell asleep is you snoring
the whole time like book so book
whatever my sorrows oh I see the corner
he's like so what are you doing my great
Amazon crazies talking to myself
oh is it two teens are raised on boy I
mostly put this cow in my butt crack now
