yo let's get weird what up t-shirt
reference good morning good morning good
morning good afternoon good evening good
night good wherever you are whatever
time it is I hope you have a great day I
am heading to my first shoot of the day
it is 9:45 a.m. yeah I'm part of myself
I haven't slept in a single day of this
trip I've been like on the grind on the
ground the whole time so I am headed to
my first shoot the day it is with my BAE
he's with my babe Kingsley Phenom it you
know I love me some Kingsley so he has a
new show on clever TV called
drama King and I am a guest on it today
so I'm going to shoot there and I'm
excited to see him because I haven't
seen him in a while hey yeah she be good
I did my own makeup today so it clearly
doesn't look as good as mark yesterday
or anyone else oh don't my makeup but we
try last died all right so I'm here at
least I think I'm here my ruber dropped
me off
8750 yeah it says this way okay I don't
know where to go I can't find the door
for this place it's confusing building
I'm right here feeling good the weather
is wonderful it's a good day it's a good
day I'm actually missing a lot of my la
friends that got in bra um
it's official Jesse he's huge freaking
sweetheart I love he's my homie I
haven't seen him that the last three
times came to always I just tweeted him
saying I missed him I haven't hung out
with any of like like I just II Kings
then I guess the other people like I
haven't seen Colleen um and I haven't
get to like hung out with a lot of my
friends but that's the case every time I
come to LA it's like I'm so busy and no
one gets to see each other please King
door closed not anymore
I'm lost I'm so lost right now
oh we're good I found it mom help me out
um so I'm heading up now but as I'm
saying yeah I'm kind of bummed I don't
get to hang with my friends by toefl you
to see them soon second floor and he's
jetting me real hard my Omega soon soon
because kind of my children I don't want
people to have to think like I came to
LA and came to the city and like didn't
reach out to them because I'm gonna big
on friendships
you know that's my two second round I
don't know if it made any sense but hey
okay Kingsley's honest look at this boss
man like a hey guess bronchitis though I
do was I wrote dying yeah we're gonna
we're gonna stay we've kept my maker and
Lilia and the white Oh in my ah
Lillian's why car in here look go back
how cute Death Wish I put my own bag on
this chair school sure the Lord whatever
you want
oh thanks he's my sugar daddy he's gonna
be successful when I'm gonna sleep in
his office yeah look at this hair not
working with me right now
Oh your hair is flawless all the times
you always stay with the bed and it just
looks great novel oh yeah we're gonna
make Kingsley shell drama King and the
link is gonna be in the description
Kingsley said it's so cool hey guys just
doing oh yeah so profesh this hair's
gonna be a problem right here we need to
do something mother's hair Oh crabs are
beauty euro I know my hair well she
would just been like do something to it
I would like God too much work
so I don't a bit of good conversation
ooh ah ooh this is getting a rag oh this
is mom hmm
mom did such a good job is getting me
angry she held it down you did such a
good job I'm so proud of you thank you
good job teamwork makes the dream work
that's right any bagels
and bagels teamwork and bagels make the
dream work so we just finished with
Kingsley oh so much fun
poor guy has bronchitis he still pulled
through like a trooper like a champ he's
awesome he's wonderful
we're proud of you we're so proud of
Kings birth and now are we gonna eat or
what are we doing um we are gonna go
we're gonna go eat eat before our
meeting then meetings eating and then
meetings that is what we're doing Jay
mom said I can eat today so mom and I am
restaurant that we love my mom's loves
Indian sir we love Indian food so
there's a buffet option so that's we're
gonna do the song
I love it so we're gonna eat lost a lot
salt food I'm so fun Khan
mmm bro so much Indian food and the
owner was so sweet
is that his daughters were fans and then
we talked in my limited Punjabi skills
and abilities I'm now heading to a
meeting we both want a good nap yeah a
nap so we're gonna do our meeting and
then we're back to my house who knows
maybe we can dig enough oh how awesome
that would be Lighting's doing real good
things for my skin right now it's gonna
just continue vlogging for the sick
hello hello hi and later on we're gonna
go to the YouTube space to give I'm
gonna tour and we're gonna also have a
dinner meeting and all that stuff um so
yeah it's gonna be exciting
I haven't sold made me more why don't I
meetings we have no choice oh now just
open it
Gini chip meeting meeting meeting be
impressive let's go be impressive leave
be impressive I have to pee
blue yup I know that Bernard I don't
hate yo my hating you look wonderful
there's a German AMA no importa jump and
swim for camouflage right in um so we're
headed to the YouTube space I've never
seen it I'm very excited for him to see
it um hopefully I can blog there I know
sometimes it's a bit of a tricky
situation to vlog there but I'm going to
the to space port or se journey and you
know I love Jenny already and then we
have dinner after so Justin Morrison and
his girlfriend bought me this shirt it's
a Disney shirt can can you just reach it
yeah that's nice cute isn't it so you
can have anyone that whether YouTube
space actually launched of video game
high school season 3 as well so there's
balloons everywhere it's so cool and I'm
first I'm so excited for like on my
school again and it's so exciting says
all right then carry on let's do it
and then molest children to say I'll
show you the haunted house set soon just
wait you wait right there okay someone's
shooting but it's a Halloween set it's
freaking awesome as a whole mansion
created freaking phenomenal I want to
shoot her so badly I want to hear I'm
such a good idea it was to really good
ideas but time permitting I'm on El AIDS
burns my soul and shooting I shoot have
to pretty good ideas I'm trying to like
I might fly back to LA just shoot here
like I would be allowed to but I fly
back Saturday then I've TDOT so unless I
fly back here I got my 27th and shoot I
can't but I feel like I'm gonna stop
saying how upset I am but like this is
the leaving this space I know I said we
need you to I never show you all the
rooms just know that's because it's huge
and the whole vlog would be me showing
the space but I showed you the Halloween
set just phenomenal I'm honestly gonna
see if I can move stuff around my
schedule and see if I can fly back here
and shoot here and like bring Rick or
something cuz I have an epic idea for
that space I'm a weird thing oh man
listen it's incredible it's Oh way to
give these algod√≥n music look at this
this big hot this whole building is the
YouTube space is there's ghosts they go
so much things for like youtubers and
even people that want to shoot and the
tech room is like he's impressed yeah
man that is phenomenal
it's phenomenal phenomenal oh and did
you see what they had there's all the
tears ha ha ha no don't move so my
dinner now where are we
Kanyon watch our boots on waiting for
sehri and geography to join us it's cold
in here yeah and me I'm children and my
friend I'll probably still very cold
very idea oh you blew a lost I'm eating
something and it's so delicious mum what
it's called burrata the cheese
yeah Prada and what's the breath Akasha
sounds like Mortal Kombat characters
that I'm eating it it's friggin
phenomenal I'm so excited this is what
it is delicious with kasha
so dessert has arrived I got Itoh ice
cream
this topic to share one
right behind doing
phenomena
all right let's get into this I'm going
to tell you it looks really good
how is it Sarah can speak
yeah
oh no it's barely really chocolatey
Lachi finished dinner back at the space
i like the haunted offset now the lights
are on so I can hopefully show you the
set okay what have you not seen is the
real door the real door Harriette
retreat so we're all on the set of the
haunted house right ready can I go
through here yes come come on this is
the haunted house set how amazing like
how amazing I love it I have to get old
piano here you know I got this room over
here
the possibilities are endless
Dennett this is sick even their mouth
detail for the piano I know I showed
though you showed them yeah okay kind of
like that it works as well thank you mom
I fell asleep and woke up to do this
outro so if you liked it subscribe like
subscribe and if you like it okay
yeah
