good morning guess what I'm not sleepy
today good morning I'm not that tired
this morning my shirt says you can sit
with us get it get it the nicer version
of Mean Girls the nice girls today is my
Meetup and that's per usual and
concerned no one's gonna be there this
is Emily because I knew she was gonna be
I don't know I feel like it's half 3:30
illogical just finish school
guys listen she does this all the time
she did this in the UK as well and you
know the game always harder like people
in LA don't care the UK line went
throughout the whole thing just no I'm
pretty sure it cuz like Ellie's harder
like people are busy enough things like
they don't care about things like this
and it's close to school time ending
time so I'm a bit concerned but
regardless of having people there I'm
gonna have fun I meet people or how
people and that's what's happening right
now so we are headed to Nordstrom's and
then I get my makeup done and then if we
made eventful day and buy you breakfast
yeah make you wake up facility hate you
in my office
what a dog hey guys yeah I know yeah dog
oh yeah yeah you sound like that I was
over here this is Blair right here a nap
in the car now I'm gonna get my makeup
done
it's not like a monster naked day mmm
I've done my mega daiquiri and makeup
done and I / my god I was in real
situations where stores blasted with a
scene freezing mm-hmm a frostbite a
frostbite hey Justin Morrison he's all
dressed up trying to impress all of you
at the meetup let me rest up
I just thought one day one day I'll
dress up you're welcome oh yeah this
wasn't happen
this is gonna be free makeup lesson area
right right yes yeah every makeup lesson
Bobby Brown for five different kinds
I'll get over here we have our gorgeous
step inner peace oh my god okay I love
it I love it
people are gonna be lining us is your
people gonna be lining up all right
and this is where people will be a
taking video taking video and pictures
and pictures and they can print out
pictures as well and they can print out
pictures as well I mean this is where
Lily will be sitting this is where Lily
ugly sitting meeting her Pam meeting
people if they come oh my god and block
my pizza I'm the world's worst vulgar
and it was so good how could I not love
my fool I felt everything was a little
bit okay but this is a mushroom from the
pizza that I ate as proof there's a
crumb as well there's depth mushroom I
would also have I equate agent who is a
citizen yeah I finished all yeah sorry
she had some leftovers but I ate it was
good yeah and now we have to go do
things but I want to sleep so bye
everyone
all right so look at this cool place
moon it has diamonds very fascinating
it's phenomenal look at it it's
phenomenal look at it look at it it's
phenomenal um this is called lomography
lomography is a form of photography I'm
so tired
many see right here and go to sleep
all this fancy colorful car
Am I
oh it's mugger am i a massive nothing
oh it's my iceberg bra bra bra bra bra
bra Matangi UK masses in it blokes
oh this makeup is gonna go on that face
Oh this myth is gonna go on my person
amethyst it's so cold in this room
unless Col Rais likes me usually a
central heating on my head is doing
nothing right it's cold right I'm very
cold
it's called in my camera's frozen it's
really cool in the store if everyone
else is cold that means it's really
really cool it's doubly cold it's
triple-e cold for me it's triply cold
this Triple E chip illegal should be
this handsome devil is mark
hey there make me look pretty we're
excited we're excited we're gonna do it
it's so cold but it's okay all right
make me look wonderful look what a good
job mark did look mark look nailed it
effing nailed it where oh just a little
bit more just a little em'ly question
cuz we need to look right now rush
uh-huh uh-huh after all that no more
yeah that's pretty that's a wicked you
now what a good job I did I love it
thank you so much my favorite is power
and now the to go waiting masters and
we're gonna go do our meet and greet but
first I have to go potty
she doesn't think I can blow yourself oh
by the way there's so many people
downstairs remember when she said there
was no one downstairs
well there's a lot of people him having
private time in here okay so budgeting
my meet up uh I heard there's a lot of
people downstairs so I'm excited I'm
always excited me we're always nervous
in the beginning and I just I love that
people take the time and energy and
effort to come meet me places it warms
my heart because like I'll never get
used to it when you're youtuber and you
see comments you know those are people
but like the same time you don't see the
people so when you get to see the people
in super cool and I like moving kind of
anxious and
was but um I'm excited I'm gonna meet
some amazing people and we're gonna hug
and I'm gonna what I tried to do is just
turn my brain off you guys know in this
moment this moment is about me and you
right now and we're gonna meet and I'm
gonna give you my all of these moments
so that's what I'm about to do right now
pop pop pop okay so about to walk down
I'm excited we're running a little bit
late and I feel bad people been tweeting
and stuff but I'm gonna go down I'm
gonna give you the biggest hug ever the
biggest kisses ever and I love all of
them don't say you excited excited mark
oh yeah excited don't do this I'm gonna
do that we gonna do the damn thing damn
thing I'm so excited this Lily's coming
no
no message you got message oh my gosh I
love you Lilly you're so awesome I love
all your videos you're so inspirational
and I really so much a 15-4 also you are
amazing I love your videos I love you so
much of your my disagree hey Lilly I
love you okay so you remember the time
when Lilly said that there were no fans
for her right now so the Q side from
there right now and I'm bout to walk in
Lilly's camera say what's up
Valona fans right now
there's like a more than a hundred
things is that the two still going on
right now
it's going off on down here is more your
any messages from any any messages
Fellini ancient you wouldn't go sit idly
but the back because they've been
waiting so long and we're gonna go say
hi to them
just so they know I'm here for wheels
and to say thank you is they've been
lady thank you so much
Oh have fun so we're gonna say what's up
to them he's been waiting
seat so we supplied them now they know
I'm here for real and gross
I am solution yes high fives very
exciting I've been to you too all right
presuming these two people made me this
thing explain what this is explain thank
you so much I love it
you give them all kisses ratings old
rubble thank you what's your name Allah
Ashley Ashley I was your wish for
make-a-wish breathing there's way harder
people out there you know that right
like dude you shouldn't waste you wish I
mean you know that right thank you so
much such a pleasure meeting you
Ashley what'd you call me
Ashley but you know it's something very
sexy don't need an accent that I cannot
pronounce but thank you so much as touch
a meeting you online thank you so much
so currently I'm at the back of the line
for Liddy right now and her fans are
right here so what's up any messages for
Liddy we love our win how you feeling
good yeah I'm good you ready to go
you're still going story spin with me oh
man oh god oh oh make it stop man
make it stop with really real oh man I
like some pretty bad right now yeah well
I took my hair no no get off her
I'm good how's your server now you know
yeah that let's go build a bridge could
I rock that not now but I'm asking
impossible I could Rocha yeah I think a
matching red or a wide whoo-hoo a white
what yeah I'll cut like a dark blue ship
he knows about Tobin but yeah he knows
about turbines but was he cool to be
like here
hold on wait apparently she died hi so
your day okay I can't eat you're dead
okay so ghost girl did you say anything
else besides you know dying no I can
close alright alright that's alright at
least gotta meet her she give you a hug
Thanks and what did you say come to see
your wonderful friends who is your
wonderful friend this is it is a vlog
camera by the way we made her VAR YC one
that he was the best that's right that's
right
Sarah how are we doing ah there you go
that's Sarah for you
- I was in how you doing loving it
she's loving and she's going - I was
exactly now and she's just sliding away
so you wonder you gone insane and this
poor like my videos or something is
always here okay this is my first iguana
then right here yeah right
Miranda I'm sending your shirt okay hey
yours back on okay you send your on your
face
don't be boring - you ready yes are you
thinking I don't know it's
tell me tell me I love you Lily so much
don't understand yeah I don't want to
try five steps away from a five steps
away from five I unicorn are you crying
maybe a little oh no no this here we go
two hours later than the minnow but it
was so much funnier I met so many
wonderful people and thank you so much
to everyone who came and I'm sorry that
I couldn't meet everyone but I met
almost everyone and thank you so much in
you guys give me so many wonderful gifts
and best hugs ever so many good hugs did
the tight ones are like mm-hmm those
hugs so thank you so much to everyone
that came I had a great time meeting all
of you I love you all so much and I'll
vlog more when I get home perform is
dead so I can't retweet anyone right now
but when I go home I'm gonna retreat in
a favor I'm gonna reply we're gonna be
friends I'm home we're home we're home
more people took pictures with you than
me hey me bro you're the Joker look at
one for you unicorns are there it is oh
yes look the girlies gives you about me
the ladies your name yes Buddhist gives
you boo me all these skittles armies but
lated birthday get someone bought me
popcorn and cupcakes and someone maybe
gulab jamun yeah like all these cool
things thank you so much all so sweet
I'm excited I got so many skills and so
many letters and sweet oh and somebody
already showed you this but somebody
bought me this and I love it so much
what thank yous what I'm unicorn do you
guys rock man you guys Rock
let's eat yo so the best thing ever just
happened where I dinner at the
Cheesecake Factory on for exciter
because my friend Melinda
brought us here and now we're about to
have some cheesecake cause a little bit
okay although I met her first and have
known her longer my friend your husband
I barely my friend all right guys that's
not debate she's mine she's mine
basically is what I'm trying to get a
Kazakh so why you come to the Cheesecake
Factory home for cheesecake we got red
velvet we got Oreo I'm just like you I
also had one bite of my pasta and I was
packed right here but I saved my room or
for this cheesecake and we'll take a
bike run a blender take a bite with me
cheers cheers Cheers cheers Cheers
oh is that one stroke look at me back in
my same shirt that I wear every single
day at the end of my vlogs I'm so sleepy
so I'm gonna sleep now thank you for
joining me on another day of my blogs
what you should do is if you liked it
subscribe just say it
if you liked it subscribe it say if you
liked it subscribe if you liked it
subscribe it thick nice no dad just
Shasta Vanna
Melinda's manga is if you like it
subscribe it yeah it's just subscribe if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe thank you see fam that did a
nice smooth lay down for life we didn't
do it did with Wow
