Oh rough morning good morning good
afternoon
it is gloomy and now late I'm like what
the f I did not move here for this trash
is false advertising but it is cloudy
the Sun is not shining which is probably
why I you know me being so heavily
impacted by the Sun and so the Sun Goes
Down I'm like everything is horrible I
had a little rough morning I'm taking
some type of waste gotta tell you the
ways of feeling you are the ways I'm
doing number one it is Halloween happy
Halloween
but Halloween also makes me miss home a
little bit I miss my friends that's
that's honestly one of those every
Halloween like when I lived in Toronto I
did things with an ocean chase and I
just missed them and I just missed my I
miss my friends and I feel a little
lonely in that regard but no point in
talking the second way I feel is
everyone keeps asking me yo that
Halloween video that just was you last
did you do this year the answer is no I
didn't do it I tried to do it again it
didn't happen again and I almost feel
like I that video has lost sentimental
value to mean you don't know what I'm
talking about last year for Halloween I
did this big video recording it and
didn't release it cuz it wasn't what I
envisioned and I said I promise next
year I'm gonna do it and I still didn't
do it even though I try and I think it's
just like too much of an emotional thing
for me I can't go back to do that video
long story short I'm feeling some type
of ways this morning but that doesn't
mean that we don't gotta hustle here's
the machine writing all day that
literally I'm writing scripts all day
long planning videos all day long doing
emails all day long and then I don't
know what I'm doing for Halloween I'm
kind of being a little bit of a I don't
wanna do anything I stay home and be sad
but who knows maybe I'll go somewhere
we'll see I'm the goddamn friends here
so we'll see well thank yo no time but I
love you drum roll can you train here
the future tomorrow we did a video on
her channel and you know I love her use
a little snippet of it I hope someone
fan out there please make a montage
every time she laughs that will be the
best thing you gave them the show
right there so good great start she'll
sit here she just started you to tell me
to check it out I'll make sure up at the
link in the description so you can go
show her some well second shut up
Enoch we did a sick video on her channel
where I play superwoman makes sense
and she's Wonder Woman in the production
is amazing she's such a good job I just
say we don't set yourself here's a super
of that
oh forget the girls go after him
description go show her some love Nancy
first shut up many makeup artists you
know I love that but he's afraid of just
the most gorgeous human being ever seen
will he beat my face with any lot of
premiere he's less than a bit yeah I can
Nicki Minaj cheekbones I never told you
that cuz like I'm like living for love
because that's what collaborations all
about it's about work when people have
great energy and showing love and
fanbase is coming together and it's all
the love and the things alright you
ready for the segment of Real Talk here
so it goes without saying and I think
you probably picked up on suddenly
there's so much ringing in my ear with
hello hello hello so I think another
thing that a lot of youtubers right now
are so in this panic state like I just
have so many texts from my friends
youtubers who are like we don't get
YouTube anymore we don't get it cuz
everyone's views are like suffering hard
in videos I think that working so hard
on are not doing well and I think just
the culture of YouTube has changed a
little bit where vlogs and challenges
and my personality driven relationship
boyfriend-girlfriend sup this better and
I'm not throwing shit at all I mean if
people watching people watch it it must
be good but that's not what I could do
scripted comedies I've been going
through this phase where I'm like yo I
work so hard in my videos they're not
doing as well as they used to but I
don't want to do those other things cuz
I want to do the things I think are
challenging creatively nas up neither
the same this is prompted by a text
conversations head of my YouTube friends
that will remain anonymous I'm gonna
keep doing what I do and I'm gonna keep
doing things that challenge me
creatively and excite me because I don't
think I could be happy with myself like
I think I could figure out a formula to
get more views but I don't think that
would be fulfilling to me and I don't
think for me as a person if there's
nothing wrong with it but I'm gonna keep
doing what I do and that's all I want to
communicate that's what I'm planning
right now I'm planning my future videos
and the reason this is properties I'm
sitting here
oh my god videos video no abuse loser
nobodies but I'm like us all the same
time you can't do everything for you I
got a lot of other things going on and I
want to evolve as a person to create
them and that's what I'm choosing to do
so thank you for supporting me and that
endeavor and I hope you still enjoy the
videos and you the real MVP swear
sticking through it I'm gonna make some
changes to the blog channel like I've
been saying for the past couple months
though to change with the times a little
bit but stand by for that I know I've
been singing for a while but it requires
like a lot of things so just stand ok oh
my god so many hours later I've been
just watching videos and writing
creative ideas and just trapped myself
in this room for so many goddamn hours
300 side but it's 6:30 p.m. I need to
first what I'm gonna be so I've decided
I might go to a Halloween party uh you
know I think masako's gonna come over
and I don't know well some the team's
gonna come over a big long drank and we
gonna maybe go to a party I did a lot of
work today and now my brain is kind of
fry though we'll see what can I be
though I can't think it'd be 11:00 again
plus you know I'm AI got a closet full
of costumes let's go see save us
costumes in my family's like FaceTime
you with their costumes like that's so
much fun
it's like Halloween is every day for me
do you realize I dress up as characters
every day and then it's same it's like
the novelty of Halloween I was like also
you mean like a Tuesday a regular
Tuesday for me
all right so 11 is still here we got
obviously a witch's hat we got some
construction workers up we got whatever
the hell this is Game of Thrones stuff
for days this is a doctor's office I
mean when Jeter bottoms you know that's
kind of regular - what else we got here
Jack Sparrow unicorn onesie
first of all this closet stresses the F
out of me become messy it it's got a
brain we got a tiara
we got your occupation theme design that
says occupant of course it does
occupation theme Oh should I be Rosanna
pansino and I don't know hmm should I be
a graduate to the graduation hat mm-hmm
or I could be a white Walker no let's be
real won't get any candy
trick-or-treating just like I got no
abuse I just save those jokes by the way
to make myself feel better I'm actually
not that salty about it because I
actually love that series Teddy's Santa
how f it twisted I mean I could just be
a New York Times bestselling author but
just a class promo
that's some more here oh damn okay
that's Princess Jasmine oh I think
jasmine wait a minute
I could be Jasmine but I can't do my
hair like that that's a poppy thing I
can't be doing that so check it all over
myself and be a rainbow honey's sword
and I can go around with chopping things
you need to okay I'm gonna be the iPhone
8 god I can just eat a lot of food and
be slightly bigger than the previous
version of me but have the exact same
functionality and then when people touch
me I can turn on I think this is this
one going up the escalator oh I got it
this is my costume are you ready yeah
and this tweeting who Mike I laughter
one glass of wine just chipped my nail
on her face did you feel that this angle
is great why do I still look like Kyle
Shamu two things one I decided to be a
sergeant he's my friend I miss her so
much and she also misses me we're in
love and we have to reunite I'm gonna
put your to LA soon because she's never
seen the lily pad also never saw my old
apartment did you yes yes you did just
kidding should never think that Lily
pencil all right it happens
it's time
my friend who's not let our friends we
are friends so we are heading to the
Quest Crew Halloween party event last
June it was packed as s but we are
heading there we're gonna make the best
time possible cuz it's Halloween
what's going on I'm home a little and
can hear incoherent oh it's 3:00 a.m.
I'm so tired but I managed to wash my
face and that means that my job give me
the points i'ma go to bed productive
date kind of I got some creative work
done not as much as I would have liked
but tomorrow have like re meeting and a
shoot and a bazillion mother-effing
things to do someone may go for it but
at a great time I manage our friends at
Halloween yeah I'm not alone
let's see how we do today
Halloween got lots of candy and you made
some great memories that you can reflect
back on years from now be like yo I did
that cuz that's what life is all about
tomorrow we also harder I can't wait for
you to join me it's gonna be wonderful
dependence I'm sure there's eyeliner on
my eyeball somewhere because it's just
me when I wash my face there's like
eyeliner on my eyeball can you call boys
that just mean they're like pick the
eyeliner out of my eyeballs is that
gross is that just because I love you
don't tell them if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe I'll might use
these 20 seconds to point out something
came look at my teeth they are so
crooked so I stopped doing my Invisalign
because I was like it's so hard it
affects the way I speak in videos and on
stage I stopped worrying about my teeth
are so cooking but when I smile you
can't see my top teeth so I guess
they're perfect
