we're in London also relieving London so
you might be wondering you know what the
f you didn't lager de London now you're
leaving in London based on what happened
I was only for one day and it was so
gloomy that day was so dark that day we
did absolutely nothing I literally slept
till 4:00 p.m. we got up an 8 watch the
movie and I came back home and at work
was very uneventful and I just like a
relaxed day for me so no but like you we
were in London is that we still do I
mean we're heading home now to Toronto
mum you ready for four days before we go
out an extra metric to LA I'm a Depot
job here's the airport and quasi tell
what's a guy in a room okay Liza you
know you can't see me my oh you see me
what's up yeah with off oh no I'm
driving my grenades at the back of the
hey I know I sent you all wanna look at
this no day I'm leaving inside random
website whose any about your eyes look
good in the Sun oh that's yeah anyway at
the airport get on an airplane
they say she
shake it off
so listen to the song right now okay you
say your love is a killer but it sounds
like st. gala which means banana Punjabi
so the song that means love is a banana
a banana
you know anime love is a banana you want
peel up your love it put you to my
cereal arms when I wanna chop it up and
put it inside us Moody monkeys like
banana
yeah I'm so sleepy I feel like I haven't
had a proper night's sleep
in my own time zone in bed in forever
anyway say bye diamond again yeah it was
a short-lived blog but an enjoyable one
as always we're gonna see him again in
four days in LA so did you be safe okay
bye everyone
oh you're gonna say this time no I'm not
saying it you're gonna say you're gonna
see yeah if you liked it subscribe it
I'm on the plane
fortunately it's Air Canada I have a
pimple
thanks Organa I see like hurts the side
of my face is so problematic the site is
so good the side so problematic
well it's what I'm good is it better I'm
hoping no one so it seems like a pretty
empty flight I have two strategies when
I got into planes like how to get a full
roll it I placed my pillow strategically
places or like a lot some strategy still
the plane is basically India everyone on
the plane is Indian you go
buddy you hopefully I get my vegetarian
meal well so I'm gonna stall the end for
days I'm going to LA it's gonna be uh
Minh me humble sandy and jazz we're all
gonna go together we're doing like a
epic trip of like hostel again stuff
it's gonna be so much fun I can't wait
so I'm staying for four days and I'm
going to do that so I'm bout to do this
flight this eight hour flight and then
I'll speak to you soon
so we've landed back home in Toronto mom
and dad are here to pick me up awaiting
for my luggage my flight felt like it
was 20 hours long I felt like I slept
for 20 years and we still didn't get
there so it's a real long play but now
I'm not tired at all so officially
screwed over my sleep schedule I should
have stayed awake and stuff when I got
home but now I slept the whole way
my face is officially the Grand Canyon
right now my deal with that when I'm at
home um yeah we're back into our routine
so look at you team super we went from
Toronto to Scotland to London to Toronto
look at us traveling the world and stuck
together happen this this guy's like
what the what the
your weather won't climb my suitcase
door shop yeah
so mom and dad aren't here yet so I
thought I'd wait for AB in the corner of
your important of loudly blood um
airports are like so emotional for me
also people see people like saying bye
and like crying thing I just I'm very
very big people watching airport people
I'm like to see mojo like mad emotional
stuff that's obviously is tragic waste
three or four now I'm joking no that's
my impression of waiting through an
airport breath hello okay yeah I'm
thinking of something it's crazy talk
though it's crazy talk I'm think I'd go
home as soon as I get home unpack my
suitcase that's crazy talk that is
insane but imagine if I just unpack my
suitcase and then I have to I'm
responsible for coming up with a list of
options to rent in LA because I'm so
used to it's all for our la trip I have
to compile a pros and cons list of
places I'm wedding she looks super like
OCD with Asia have to do things very
organized and very like strategically so
like I'm gonna make a whole excel sheet
list like pros and cons of this place
pros and cons so I'm gonna do that
tonight as well as unpack my suitcase
and yeah get back on the ground
I can't hear from whispering and talking
aloud because my ears are played but I
hope I'm not whispering boo you you on
the second move can't tell you our
biggest pet peeves are I was just on an
Air Canada flight reluctantly y'all know
how I feel for Air Canada but I didn't
book my ticket so I was on it you're
kind of like one of the hostesses was so
rude she was literally yayan customers
one of the customers like it's a Plane
full of Indian people a lot of them
don't speak English okay so this guy was
trying to fit his bag to the overhead
compartment and she walks by and he's
like oh how can I like adjust the nigga
failure she said to him by smaller bags
that's what she said to him and then a
next guy like she's like whose bag
assistant guys like it's mine
what she didn't hear so she took it off
and she got when I take it off the plane
he's like what do you mean turn off and
she's just yelling at him and he's like
why you so rude why she's kept yelling
back Air Canada staff I don't know what
that I don't know how you get your job I
really don't know how your job on
another no it wasn't just that one
hostess it was many flight attendants on
that plane were like there is openly
talking about passing
like I guess they assumed that all a lot
of these passengers don't have English
as a first language so let's just talk
crap about them it was driving me crazy
pissing the F out of me like I guess do
you think these people need to realize
if someone doesn't know English is the
first language they probably try to
communicate to you whichever way they
know so it might come across a little
bit rude or abrupt but I'm sure it's not
their attention like someone who's just
saying oh give me water like it's all
because they don't have to say hi can I
please have a glass of water it's
probably they're using the limited boat
captain can use so I guess one of the
guys said that and then she fully right
in front was like oh give me water give
me this why anything else and she's like
making fun of him like because he
wouldn't understand that's my biggest
pet peeve
you mother effers it's already hard
enough coming from different country I
went to Canada being a minority not
knowing the language not knowing how
anything goes being on the wrong side of
the mother from Roland have mother
effers like you be rude and make it even
more difficult is not cool
I hope karma comes around and kicks you
in the face that is all I have to say
that's all I said that's my two second
rank I've noticed I've been speaking for
three minutes now so I'm gonna shut the
F up waiting for mom and dad I'm home
how you doing skittles Junior you miss
me you miss me security skills Junior
that you all have named hi I'm home and
to my room I'm gonna do that workout to
do and then when I'm back I'm gonna
unpack unless I later on vlog and say I
don't unpack but as of right now I have
every intention to unpack that's right I
just went poop it wasn't that good
though hello so I'm sleepy again all
over again I'm gonna get to bed but
first time I edit you is jus it is past
12 o'clock which means the remember 13th
and cat which means it is my mom's
birthday it's my mom's happy birthday
three celebrate birthday tomorrow
I was by by the time you're watching
this today it's today right now anyways
let me show you my mom and how come
beautiful she is
this is mom this is mom um and by the
way Sarah
tall white lady is not my mom I just
call her mom she's a manager but my mom
mom is that beautiful woman you just saw
it's her birthday baby mom married a
baby
so that's what's happening I'm not
asleep now I'm sorry fist bag was boring
but uh you know you gotta do a I do
sometimes and I'm crazy I'm delusional
I meant gonna sleep now and if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
subscribe
