any of the Eevee's okay I woke up quite
early because a jetlag and I'm mad about
that I'm mad waking up right no what I'm
mad about that but I'm like in a state
of like excitement and nervousness and
like just a whole bunch of things for no
reason like I'm not even doing anything
major I'm not presenting up or
four-minute or anything I'm just going
and it's such a like being thrown into
this really freaking cool environment
not knowing what to expect that's why
I'm nervous it's like I don't know what
to expect
it's outside of my comfort zone
something I'm unaware of but I'm so
excited to like learn new things
hopefully meet cool people I'm just
feeling it oh my god I'm so uh I need to
go get shoes though for my outfit so
that's main priority right now let's go
find some shoes we're on the journey
together team super family ha ha high
five what up t-shirt reference sadly you
know how to rock my Nicki t-shirt at
some point i'ma go shopping to find some
shoes right now Nicky Nicky Nicky I'm so
excited to see her live on stage I don't
care where nobody up and say I love me
some Nicki Minaj okay I love her energy
I love that she has like a carefree
valve
I know y'all can say a lot of negative
things about her I do not care I you
know let me tell you why don't I let me
break this down for you this is mad
sentimental for two minutes gay in the
washroom right here we have sentimental
moment you know some people has comment
to the YouTube views but using real
music the same whatever people need to
realize all that is their opinion
because like one day two years ago and
it's a true story I sort of got it too
two issues whenever Nicki released
Roman's revenge
I bought that CD and I remembered that
Dale's feeling really down I was
probably like coming out of depression
whatever I played her CD and for
whatever reason it might not have been
because the lyrics were so meaningful or
any it was just for some reason I played
her CD and I remember that first track
you know why it wasn't in Romans when
she was like Pink Friday it was that
that that song called I'm the best I
remember listening to it and it just so
emotionally changed what I was feeling
like I remember feeling so much better
something what would be something about
her attitude in the voice something
about that song just made my day so much
better and I'll always remember
listening to that CD for the first time
for me y'all heard songs have like done
some ish I don't know for what reason
just that overall vibe she has like has
done some stuff so like I dig you Nicki
I will support you Barb's for life no
worries
bawd Montag's I need to go find some
shoes now Nicky Nicky Nicky grab okay I
mean look look at all the MTV EMA signs
so excited this is mom no there you go
this sweater right here I thought it was
cute so check the price 128 pounds this
sweater is 128 pounds
I don't care how much money I'm making
my life like that's stupid like really
and truly be smart common sense people
you don't need to worry about brands and
expensive things honestly just would you
like even if you like stuff that's
expensive bomb if you like stuff that's
not expensive bomb but just don't buy
things solely on brands you don't need
to do that trust me one day I told
moment one day if I ever become really
famous and I have to walk a red carpet a
really big important one I'm aware
onesie imma make a statement where one
could ask me what about wearing I'm
gonna say Walmart I'm wearing Walmart
I'm wearing a onesie that's my goal
mark this mark this day one day but
we're onesie on a red carpet until then
I do a finding she's a real lady yo so
the coolest thing just happened so rad
so this whole entire street were just in
the shop in the whole entire street they
really shut down for two minutes and was
completely silent for Remembrance Day
like though all the shops turn up in
music all the shops everyone inside one
quiet everything so inquire for tumors
from everyone's day so rad I love when
like there's that like pride and my
passion about things that's really cool
also I have to say I was reading the
comments from yesterday's vlog I owe an
apology I understand that Lucky Charms
and leprechauns are not Scottish I know
this I promised my stopover was an
island so the miscommunication so when I
was the commercial ago I have my
stopover in Dublin first then when
Scotland so my brain was like one when
Ireland is calling so when I said that
stuff I think I was subconsciously think
about Ireland I know that leprechauns
and Lucky Charms are not from Scotland
so do all Scottish people and Irish
people I apologize for that confusion I
love you team super don't kill me
you made Sassoon your Mason is literally
everywhere everywhere I look at this
welcome for example I'm blogging right
here there's a sign right there let's
talk about the EMAs every store is like
welcoming EMA's it's just like I'm some
started what would happen if I was
action someone important I mean and not
just like
pretending to be Zulu bird I'm getting
my hairdo
I'm so classy
I think I'm also eating my hair
yo some back home um this girl's real
cute my hair is totally gonna fall out
by the time the show starts on month ago
they're kids that went to recut of do in
touch of my hair I'm gonna get ready you
just put a base of makeup on and then go
there and sometimes go do my hair and
makeup and hopefully my nails we get
time to do nails artist so this one I do
so I do white hunch doing elle's and
events why did I leave this until out I
don't know why I do this there's no time
I am going to charge all my devices
right now uh and like maybe lie down
Varian minutes we all know this is a
horrible idea and I shouldn't do it but
Andres up it and run away and run track
back to the image right now and we're
gonna get this all solved as soon as I
get there with my hand my makeup and the
dress um but let's just forget hope I
didn't bring anything so whatever's all
know you press yes for social cord
recording us but if I go like this
sour quartum oh so this is a camera not
this time you can visit us to watch this
is camera but this is the vlog I'm gonna
put this away because I know many people
like think they're according mean I'm
standing over there like no this is
recording minute what's that Wonder
Woman
Lilly Singh
superwoman Sam girl carpet-ready doe so
red nails on the nil they did she
laughed she literally left I'm blogging
so we got three people working on my
hair right now my red carpet time got
moved up so now we're in utter chaos
this is what chaos looks like at least
I'm wearing fabulous rings I borrowed
these rings from them there was another
one I wanted but Ariana took it
which I guess is more than acceptable
Oh
hey yeah yeah yeah
in your uniform
yes Hollywood uniform tell me
I'd be a very comfortable with my
sexuality unicorn island free movies and
I always cast out when I say alright so
the show is about to start we are
heading to our seat it's called the glam
pit crossover between glamorous and
watch
best song
we know
being beside me Yeshua's an EMA nothing
gradually starting just one honey thank
you isn't it so cool because I'm so
fascinated by it okay some question for
you I consider myself a unicorn oh yeah
I'm good I need me to over sit at one
color with your unicorn tell me lavender
lavender yeah no one has ever responded
with laughing my tears like pink fuchsia
Sui I see that Daisy that I see that for
sure
so weird is weird wrong oh my god I hate
thank you thank you my yellow unicorn
hey hey yeah some back in my hotel room
so many thoughts are going through my
brain right now what is my like oh we're
gonna talk about this tonight I had to
come home the after parties happenings
I've had to that I changed my combat
boots because like yo my feet was broke
my feet were hurting so badly so um but
we went to have to party now I'm not
gonna take my vlogging camera but I'll
take my phone
hopefully just I can't care there's
nowhere to put you and I don't want to
drop you and lose you if I get turnt and
I mean I love you um yeah
what is life yeah I'm back from the
after party today was surreal I don't
get it
my brain doesn't get it I don't get it I
didn't meet Nick you I didn't meet her
this is literally like the second or
third time I've ever tried to meet Nicky
once back in the day I also went to a
club and equated hours and hours to meet
I didn't meet her but I say she's worth
the wait
I'm a huge Nicki fan I will wait and
wait and wait until the day I get to
meet her and take a selfie with her and
like become homies with her it's fine
everyone I met was so super sweet and
I'm gonna go back to my point of when
you hear crap well people do not believe
it about them being rude or stuck-up do
not believe it until you meet them first
time I met Ariana she was so sweet I mad
he was so sweet my soul people are so
sweet I'm confused I feel like I cannot
properly address this day because it's
too overwhelming I need to sleep on it
and address it tomorrow I don't get my
life I mean this whole after party I've
been mingling with MTV people MTPs on my
vision board like I don't get my life
right now
I actually the entertainment industry is
crazy experiencing things firsthand it's
just it doesn't make sense seeing Ariana
the way you interact with people seeing
the way Niki attracts people
seeing that their business strategies
seeing it all firsthand it's just it's
crazy I'm so incredibly privileged and I
just the main thing I take away from
today is that you all have legitimately
changed my life if you told the five
year old version of me that I be able to
go to the EMAs in Scotland I'm in
Scotland
if you told me this I'd be like shut up
I just genuinely want to say like you
guys you guys have given me like my
entire life of dreams that have ever
dreamt of and like things that are
beyond my imagination you've given to me
and I want to spend the rest of my life
being grateful to you I swear to god you
guys have given me I'm at the emails you
guys are tweeting me saying so proud of
super mad emails you may like that that
stuff means like that means something to
me you guys believed in me yes there for
me I just can't express enough gratitude
to you thank you so much you guys are
amazing you're phenomenal I'm really
emotional right now I've had in a
phenomenal day I in temples tomorrow
because I I'm just gonna start crying
you guys are amazing
you've made some girls dream some girl
who's been through depression who goes
who's been through so much stuff for a
child and like who wants a 1-point take
her life when you guys have given her
all this stuff it just doesn't make
sense to me
doesn't make sense to me so I just can't
even address you guys right you guys are
amazing if you like it spread you like
it boy if you do like it subscribe bye
