took in money
good morning I slept in it is one
something and according to Twitter and
Instagram I'm in is downstairs eating
Lucky Charms that should be in my belly
right now so we can go eat in my brain
still my mother every like a Chinatown
dig so that Oh dig so hey Steve my life
was it yo my nigga my Luckies home -
stop the Lucky Charms man saw some milk
and I use your spoon and I use your bowl
I'll show you by the way for all UK
people watching this they have packets
or milk packets - listen hahahaha
yesterday Ayman called a sub from Subway
a roll he called it a roll is a roll
it's not a roll into style if you think
about it you know you know what to sub
it's just that's a list these Canadian
subway at you know you like some lucky
Tom's would you like some Lucky Charms
black fam would you like some lucky in
of the charms Hey these eggs are men
that I'm not a yogurt after with some
water still holding up to my promise
I know that's not camera it's on me all
we know easin don't try it it's on me
where the screen is pointed to that the
person it's on I'm so confused
but then where's the camera for the
front so there's a camera on the front
and this is if you use the other way
like the iPhone 10 situation guys it's
on me oh right sorry
yo so I'm not gonna show you the whole
thing but like I have the pleasure and
it was you wondering like what does that
guy do is here youtuber no he's an
artist he makes epic art and I'm not
gonna show you what he's working on but
I'm gonna show you he's doing like um
yeah I'm working working right now and
I'll show you um updates as I let me
show us the finished piece you don't
show you the finished piece yeah we show
us the so far piece right no no just
that so this is step one that's all
you're gonna see and then we'll see the
progression of his art piece also my
mommy's home and she bought table cloths
for my birthday party and they have
balloons all over them
so I was mentioning to you before that
I'd like to have birthday party that
because my career is so like dress up
and be on and do this my birthday
parties are track pants everyone else
wear track pants running shoes and
graphic t-shirts and it's like straight
up kids birthday party mummy where the
tablecloths you like so let me show you
let me show you some of the stuff is my
mom by the way she's gonna be the best 4
million congratulations video in history
okay but so these the tablecloths them
and let me just show you some stuff I
bought so this whole bag it's full of
different color streamers just like 50
streamers in here all different colors
and I'm going to literally put them
everywhere and then I even bought
napkins all different colors so Livi
looks like skittles exploded glowsticks
I even bought some like where they both
like disco disco balls and stuff to hang
so it's gonna literally look like the
goal is to
look like Miley Cyrus's brain in the
party he's so colorful I can't wait to
show you
we're going to be decorating it tomorrow
so yeah I'm excited I'm super excited so
excited
but yeah it's a good day it's nice
weather outside and I hope you're having
a wonderful day and there's no reason
you shouldn't be having a wonderful day
because your life is full of so many
wonderful things I'm gonna go back to
work now
I also have to pee wha wha wha wha what
is the same again you noticing how
little I change can we sit up date on
the artwork this is the update on the
artwork oh you always oome into the
lion's mane lion took a bit of line he
does all these lines about a ruler and
they're so straight I don't understand
brows something in the British water and
nice t-shirt huh thanks Krusty Burger
worse than a wasp man we're still oh
what's that oh whoops I mean what what
what is there lost mate mate worse than
a horse mate and that bra fan - uh we're
going straight to Costco right now those
of you that or no cost goes like a place
like it's kind of a grocery store to buy
everything there and have like huge
portions of everything so have cereal
boxes like this big I'll show you when
we get there
so mum this is an international audience
in India they're not Costco in the UK
they are there okay but one more
Costco's different can everyone let me
talk about classical I'm vlogging camera
vlogging I'm vlogging gay anyways let's
go I remember I told everything is big
in Costco
this is a normal pack of Skittles this
book is it weighs like 10 pounds hey hey
like this is up okay but this is a pack
of gum oh my god this like the talker
this advent calendar for its 24 packs
for governor I'm telling you
everything's ginormous in here huge
what is this is like a notebook oh no
it's a matter the mat but like it could
have been it could have been open all
right let's go today is go to the cookie
section okay are you ready to the plate
oh this is good
I kind of oh my god I I broke my nail on
the mother effin pretty this is play-doh
this huge thing that broke my nail on
log I broke it I broke my nail on the
Plato's the worst day of my life Dana
Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Bennett yeah
who's your favorite hockey team Toronto
Maple Leafs and I like Rama because he's
at yes Gojo Toronto Maple Leafs I
actually liked her actually I went to
blow me one of these
so Amon wants me to vlog this he feels
are very strongly about this right now
would like to tell them what it is I
think this is one of the greatest
inventions to man client right now if
you look at this 20 moving wheely thing
I think it's fantastic
although I think you know if I wanted a
green radish I will have to bend down to
place it so maybe some high restrictions
of actually allowing high restriction I
think this is the kind of stuff he
should be blogging to be honest it's a
great
I'm very kinda bad there's a conference
call and now Kimi excimer and I'm about
to come over cuz we have a TDOT meeting
but in the meantime it's gonna update on
our inquisitive illustration hold it
uh-huh
this is not the art piece I know you
think it might be but it's not
let's see oh now that's ludicrous pretty
freaking cool
hey the lines you go see the lines we
see the lines we see those hey
brightening come you have this game
going on we're like we shoot each other
so we're gonna go on a mission to shoot
him we scanned the illustration now as a
computer now he's gonna do it all like
my name is Inc by the way and because
I've come to Toronto I've saved a load
of templates of ink splashed stuff I'm
gonna apply it and that's gonna be our
boy Ludacris on today's episode of super
woman's vlogs so we're starting a t-top
meeting this is a accessor so Kimmy eyes
let's not be like this people get us
confused all the time go to party da
meaning I'm gonna come soon and we bout
to work ten so my mom asked me with
scotch tape from stairs and I for some
reason forbidden to use a scotch tape
because I don't put it back so my mom
has left a note on the scotch tape and
it says Lily don't touch this underline
yes I did
are you so great to see the
transformation from this into what it
looks on the computer all right I ready
are you ready exclusive ralph from UK
brain man and things he's kind of good
he's kind of good for something you
almost paper cut my tongue tried yeah so
we still work in here it is ten eleven
so I mean the night so young so so yeah
so yeah look at everyone not working
look how hard they're not working
working yeah - it is now 2:30 a.m. still
going strong man over here nummer baby
rule he's the best dog in the world row
in the world in the world dog lips Chi
Radian and this is girl and this guy
right here that argument was all here
Nami doing some work you know I mean
that's right Tita TW this is this is a
stay of us this is a snake must listen
to Lily's house will work on sweeties
like no one else's are either so rent
because he's good as an artist leaner
5:00 a.m. everyone just left I just ate
one sweet potato fried
hey cheating um and now I'm gonna go to
bed I'm gonna edit you you your face may
edit you mad at you
tomorrow is video Dave tomorrow's also
di gotta decorate from our party and I'm
literally having mental breakdown right
now cuz I can't believe I'm turning 26
and just so old
I'm having a midlife crisis I'm having a
midlife crisis before my midlife oh my
god no always tomorrow's gonna be
equally as hectic so that's what we
gonna do we go do more things and what
you should do is if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe let's
see if you can do this if you like it
subscribe it did you on purpose
yeah say it come on you can do it you
can do it yo you're locked into super
moment superwoman vlogs if you liked it
subscribe
