you can't human you're working just you
want what's up your wassup good morning
from the rock and some skittles jr. and
from skittles and from all the friends
up here
good morning from superwoman darling
it's a wonderful morning and I got to
sleep in my own bed today
what's so comfortable it's like sleeping
in a cloud sandwich it's wonderful I am
about to get ready is my hair still wet
it's okay I'm about to get ready um I
got a pickup umin from the airport he's
landing in about an hour then yeah I
gotta do more prep for my booty on
Friday
um and then some work and then then
stuff that's gonna be a good game but
Dippold up would you be that is it me a
good day because I'm deciding it right
now it's gonna be a great day also I
woke up to my vision board
so I mean asked me a great day let's
take a look at the vision board this is
my vision board oh look that happened uh
I went there uh right there
oh right there uh what else you got here
what else we got here Oh mother diction
love it love it
Cosmo hasn't happened but I've been in
seventeen stream your ward that happened
iTunes less on iTunes I mean we're doing
pretty good here as you can see five
million subscribers on my vision board
very exciting though because I am three
thousand subscribers away from four
million and I feel like today at some
point when I hit four million splatters
and hopefully I do it and hopefully you
can be there and then we can party
together but let's start the day off by
brushing some cheat because the dirty
web lens I'm all ready to leave I
actually really liked when I wash my
hair and sleep on it cuz this is really
wild like untamed thing it's very unmeet
but I'm all about that I'm all about
like having here with personality just
like so untamed but I'm a kitty cat
shared or the different ball game you
know I love shorts have different
pockets um if you like my house is clean
enough I'm such a good friend good
friend al it's good friend ler so incas
gonna stay in this room the Red Room and
so like I had some leftover canvases and
like I had a UK candle that a fan gave
me I have some pens and I'm playing them
here so he feels at home such an angel I
sort of good when I'm going to the
airport now um my main nein nein nein
nein nein nein nein nein nein nein nein
buddy guys coach let me okay that didn't
move but yeah all right let's go oh my
god what up t-shirt reference so I'm at
the airport waiting for um it's a
situation
and now we picked up I see a British boy
you're gonna do this act cool face that
he's gonna go so see this is almond I'd
watch it wouldn't the kid hello we have
this is not a London traffic goes this
way he's gonna do this like cool face
that he's doing right now every time it
feels awkward he makes us like come
aboard man from the UK and it's just
what he's doing
you're not a bad man that's like you're
really close to camera limited no wait
I'm not done recording
we're here at Shoppers Drug Mart because
I'm going to check my peel box since I
know people who asked me to do it for a
while and we're gonna pick up some stuff
and then weasel go home I need to be I'm
have a subway cuz I'm healthy let me see
your camera God's British people -
checking their few bus very gonna have
to hold the camera everybody you're
blocking all just like that resume from
John Patrick O'Shea is a phenomenal
cameraman ok got over gonna take you
home yeah I do check your stuff truckers
are from San Diego oh my gosh there's so
much you look fine oh it's like a what's
he called fisheye with the camera oh
there is I'm so happy to be back in
Toronto trance is a phenomenal place he
treats me so well
it's phenomenal people live here I'm
checking my me little bias and he's at a
2d he gives me mail you so shy and being
cute right now so we're gonna get a
billion packages of scenes and a
pairings more mail in the back cuz you
lovely send me so much visual quiche
she didn't really look at this guy
imma has a cut on his face wait
oh there is yeah how'd you get the cut I
fell asleep and I caught myself on the
plane I think I punch it was to think of
a better story than that I went to the
jungle and there were like seven Tigers
chasing me and my little pounced on me
one time and you know I was in this
boy's eye 300 battle scene and
everything I survived it I survived it
and he only walked away with a scratch
so I get that besides that father men
look at all that stuff you send me big
fingers and these things and all these
fingers fingers and fingers and all the
things I have all duck de Mars we're
home we're home we're home
wait wait home we're home where are we
we're home we're home we're home er oh
ho I'm so hungry I can't even bro so
Lily how are we Subway's a vegetarian
and not eat just lettuce well I'm glad
you asked this is the answer to being
healthy these are oven baked Lay's it's
been off fried they're oven baked and
according to the stuff on the back fully
two grams of fat for one pat so these
are baked and a good I put these inside
myself so I put chips inside my sub to
give it some texture and I'm going to
show you in a second observe you ready
little X on the thumb I'm not hung up on
all my thumb
scientists should like study you is your
me now done me how can it be on you then
the cameras head it's on me this thing's
facing me nobody who's on the keys on
the screen me how what do you mean it's
me but the cameras here no man the
screen is the camera the sick dingus so
there's two cameras yeah I have onion
breath that is volcanic yo yo I just
took a nap I woke up from my nap and
just chillin over here oh four million
subscribers thank you so much I have for
that des mm I remember I said damn so
sleeping they say thousand four million
four million subscribers D get it four
million subscribers thank you so much I
never thought I would reach four million
subscribers this is exciting
let's go tell my parents I found my in
subscribers I hate my million
subscribers I hate 4 million subscriber
is a new name I hate 4 million
subscribers Wow
4 million holy crabs a lot of people a
lot of people for millions like a lot of
you for a million I never wash my feet
now that I'm awake and functioning 4
million people think I'm cool your
Foreman oh yeah is more than 4 million
people maybe birthday guys oh ho
my man my man people think I'm so cool
I'm Andy but many people think I'm so
cool bigger people think I'm soaked
can't believe four million people can
stand me I mean these two can use time
to think of four million of you can stab
me like that's a one love superwoman uh
yeah but thank God we started with Casa
Vista boom
yo four million people think I'm so cool
I'm four thousand dollars little less
than when I spent at school to get a
degree but what I got now was free
except for a hard work
all I had to do was twerk just a little
bit and some of my videos word for
million times
damn things outdoors can't do no
housework yeah so we just watched a
movie I watched neighbors again because
I'm obsessed or tomorrow's a complete
workday um and yeah it's kind of chilly
now I'm gonna go to sleep sleep in the
last few days have been pretty pretty
not so stressful I think I don't really
remember what I did yesterday what I
mean I'm feeling good but head to bed
see what I mean is doing always trying
to impress oh I can't do this to looking
at this time yeah I more loving loving
my life as for now I'm into bad that I'm
a little in a band we're on a band you
got a bad but pretty good bad much if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like and subscribe
know if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe here know if you like
it subscribe this is so going in if you
like it subscribe it there's no end
just subscribe if you like it subscribe
smart
