mmm God please grant me the strength to
wake up right now because I'm tired
Oh Gert
so I was supposed to wake up 40 minutes
ago but it is 12:40 better than 3
getting better I need to quickly get
ready and then people get ready and then
go downtown and have lunch with an ocean
tea in Isabel no no I've said it before
and I'm gonna say it again
anyone who thinks LA traffic is worse
than Toronto is wrong Toronto traffic is
the worst like for no reason right now
for it's not even rush hour it's a
Sunday like if there's literally no
point of driving in Toronto unless you
have like a plane or a helicopter so my
car didn't start cuz my dad drove my car
last and left my lights on and my mom's
driving his super fancy car which I'm
terrified drive so all in all it's been
a not too good morning so far but I feel
bad cuz it's about like waiting for me
I'm super friggin late and this is not
even moving right now so yeah good times
I'm so yeah look at the man look okay
retake check - I'm so hungry I can't
ever bread stay hungry starving
Oh hottest girl ever Isabel I love the
best scene in the movie when she gives
the finger if you haven't seen you have
to see it and then - you're letting her
know wonderful she is I'm so long a
roommate is about wait like two hours
I'm strong I'm Avenue the worst fan and
I'm actually the worst person alive I'm
sorry but uh I mean really she has to
say that cuz the cameras on well yes yes
not right at all but it's close enough
if those this one yeah close help me out
there it is sticking to my promise eggs
potatoes bread and fruit is coming this
well done also good thank you and no she
got a veggie wrap and and thank you
- - my promise that's right is kitty
so these two bees keep constantly
attacking us or gravity like this have
literally the entire time we were doing
this do they not understand the food
chain come on we're on tour above this
ridiculous - my eggs
if I don't continue vlogging it's
because the be killed me so this just
happened no she suppose you come to my
house right now because this was a show
so Mike so no shoulda done to bring it
to my house and her answer was oh babe I
was gonna bail on you didn't I tell you
this in like no she had a whole
conversation in her head oh she had a
conversation in her head and she told me
that she wasn't coming today
and now when I pick your nose and you
ate it oh maybe buti'm I'm going over
it's fine oh you are oh are you are you
night because every don't care um so
we're home now and always I'm gonna do
right I'm knocking damn it I'm talking
I'm loving I wrote it gay and you guys I
don't make it up these dick I just want
to be horizontal right now ends of died
you're not yeah my so cases permanent
here always another person there's
nothing worse again
oh yeah she didn't even like spit on the
base just to clout you're gonna have to
redo gotta redo it redo it redo redo
haha too much chakra so sometimes just a
fool why did you party say to look for
some funky stuff for my birthday party
umm I decorated it like I decorate it
like basically expose like everything so
colorful in like weird like funky
glittery sparkly like it's a kid's
birthday basically that's why I decorate
it so that's what white go and cheers
hey we're in Party City and they were so
many colors and the card is so small and
we're singing in Party City
ready baby I did hi oh it's good a party
party oh I think I'm just sorry Jenny
it's the opposite
I need another bucket on top pocket oh
oh sorry
marshal bocce hey guys so um we're just
planning our wedding in this section
babe this is for you face is for you to
be pulled on okay I'm so excited not
been getting my oh my god oh my god are
you and EVC right now I could do Syria
today I had a much bigger plan but right
now sometimes you just have to go with
the flow and Roman I think this is it
it's the biggest one I define girl okay
let's get on the section of this lick so
we just sat outside it's really cool but
we refuse to accept that winter is
coming so we sat outside on blankets and
it was really cold the last two five
minutes okay back inside
my mom was laughing at us really hard no
no
that's my mom laughing in the background
look at me stick into my promise got
some greens and some asparagus I'm not
gonna show and then we uh know SHINee is
leaving all the leftover lasagna like
everything yeah I'm going to show you
this morning why I'm drinking but the
point is I'm drinking I mean I'm eating
greens and fake meat and I'm gonna have
water as well keeping tip my promises
bye bye bye a broken phone program it's
only been two days so we just finished
watching the movie blended it was
amazing as shot in South Africa and now
we both want to acquire me in South
Africa it's so gorgeous so gorgeous and
we just Google dance called sunset yeah
Africa and I need to go there's a
definitely instantaneously on my bucket
list now oh my god I love it if you want
to rewind to clarify I know she proposed
to me in Party City early today I guess
it's because our relationship is a party
by the way we don't actually like
seriously talk like this we're putting
on that front of all the people that
were like oh my god your last video so
like when I talk like this is not
actually how I talk we're just putting
on that front yelling OH
what is your favorite thing about me I
really like the way you twerk I'm really
I just really like the way she twerks to
entertain kinking oh my god baby new
dance for you though oh yes with my dad
five six seven eight
my leg oh my my
rechoreograph that that's that don't
make you subscribe I'll know what will
you know I'm saying maybe new mainly new
baby you're not wearing enough be Witter
true so we're about to watch another
movie we're going to watch neighbors
I've seen it but 9 who hasn't seen it
and it's such a funny movie if you
haven't seen it you thought neighbours
and Zac Efron is like shirtless and a
lot he was really looking at the plot
now and the Hamid II watch this movie
like you know popcorn I mean eat celery
when you Saturday pimp the pimple is
slowly going away slowly I can feel it
who's that what's your name let's name
him Ben Ben Bobby no this is pimp K
metal people my fans name demands left
left
Pamela get it come play ah genius
the milk mustache oh no that's just I
was dead you're gonna deal with that
tomorrow
best movie ever look at me
relaxing not doing work doing leisure
activity like a normal human being so
rare it's just so rare wonderful
Oh probably what a bed now and by that
every time you know say we're in bed we
lie down and then scroll through
Instagram for like 40 minutes yeah I
guess I don't even call yeah we don't
even talk we're just like I don't know
Megan I've had us with no sleep zone and
then tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and drop
those home and then it's video day and
then in the evening I am going to maybe
possibly go to a show that I'm not going
to tell you yet but I'll tell you
tomorrow
but let's go upstairs go I'm tired yeah
nice hotel yeah nice bowtie yeah that's
Ortega
obi-wan do is sleep I wanna do is
constantly he what horizontally bomb oh
great so until I'm Way too vertical for
my liking right now I need to be way
more horizontal but let's go be
horizontal I did sleepy time we're gonna
go sleepy now and um but edit this last
time we need a teacher who you know when
we're going to me um thanks for joining
me on my day and we bought a whole bunch
of really cool stuff from party packages
like how wait till you see how we
decorate it up but it's gonna be cool
it's gonna be good I am sorry X hi um as
for you what you should if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
