oh ho ho
it's 4:30 p.m. so I feel like I needed
some much required sleep also even
though LA and Toronto we have a
three-hour time difference it always
have to be over like because I'm three
hours ahead now
so really technically it's only 1:30 but
it's actually 4:30 here um yeah I'm sad
need to be home my mom made me lasagna
and I'm gonna go eat some for breakfast
today what we're doing is we are going
to two theaters here in Toronto to
introduce dr. cabbie my film that came
out today hopefully it's come on in a
theater near you you can check it out
and which I have a small role so I'm
going to to theaters to be like yo
thanks for coming and watching and stuff
like that so it's gonna be a pretty cool
day and jazz is gonna come with me and
then jazz my girl for dinner we gonna
talk business add something that's all
for professors but that's all for today
it was a weird shadow of me that's all
for today um but I don't think a get
some work done and just kind of get back
into the groove of things tsunami Nami
Nami things are about to get excited
here in Toronto hello but first let's
acne we opened this place about to eat
this Lee Sang nice and I'm so happy
mommy always makes me my favorite food
when they come back
my stomach is doones really word them as
I've been doing for the past like two
hours
it's like contracting as if I was gonna
have a child it's not going then I don't
know I think I did my period soon but
I've never experienced a feeling like
this so if I suddenly go it's because
something happened I'm running late so
I'm doing this we need to go to your
shower and dreamy bachi yellow so my
ride is outside this is my outfit got my
hair my Lasher got my boots on and we're
heading to the first event I literally
just woke up like what is my life about
second theater look who's here oh it's
always we've had a really long gap over
the two-hour gap so I'm saying like
you're locked out movie or something is
a pop choir bear could be my dinner and
stuff
my stomach's still doing that weird
thing
but yeah it's gonna be good it's gonna
kick so we're trying to watch a movie up
in here but I mean all the shows are
gonna cause me to be late for what I
actually need to do so the hard knocks
of professionalism at a job I tell ya
this is Jessica by the way she's
wonderful she's here Ashley with some
Alissa - look I may recognize her from
my Christmas video she has the same
shirt as me no lies oh yeah you do this
white shirt and now we're chilling cuz
she supports me to everything she comes
everywhere she's like she's not a friend
she's a friend
oh um I want some popcorn it's not
ordered my popcorn okay are you camera
shy
pumpkin time I'm gonna break it down
here so come one row one layered butter
up and they aired okay coke to drink and
yeah I know but take take these M&Ms
right here and let's actually do what a
candy did you get popcorn yet
oh my god what do you want no I know but
what do you want though oh my god
popcorn totally gonna do this figure do
you also want layered butter this way
I'm gonna get another combo like that as
well dad do anything okay are you gonna
have some makeup corn
so close to being unfriended on Facebook
writing so close 10news I use their name
yeah great job phenomenal job one thank
you so much appreciate it so the plan is
that this doctor can't be showing right
now I'm just gonna sneak into the
theater watch the show with people and
they won't even know and that's get
obsessed about as much people I mean I
rather do that then do nothing for an
hour why not make some people happy
right right right right right they don't
know what's going on they just walk up
to me another of my love that's how it
works all right let's do this
meeting my people with great fashion
sense yes and just me she asked me if my
popcorn was layered that's how you know
she knows what's up she knows what that
board my siding is your I'm gonna sign
your boobs sure did you could like
stretch it so that I could great you're
in the ball right now
this is the vlog you're in the box oh my
gosh and of course again with all these
people doing their job doing their jobs
so I just don't have the movie and bond
and now they're all inside watching the
movie when I walk out kidding me I'll
walk down that's for watching my movies
thanks a lot for watching like I said
this movie was so much fun and such a
great experience to work on favorites we
have the popcorn
thank you so much for watching so much
guys take care thank you again did you
think that's do I look cute yeah love
you oh my god oh my gosh I love you so
much
that's a feeling how it's gonna go
second time zone I never knows who
knocked really sorry suck in this movie
I love it is 0% Fandral she's always
like I love it really said again you're
the best part oh my god alright you got
to go back to the other suitor now
oh no wait we're stay here but one more
move one more will be your them back to
your theater so much confusion all right
let's do this back to the green room
eight back to the green room that's up
all my stuff isn't stolen hmm so we're
waiting by the next movie and it's
freezing why a movie dinner so cold all
the time I don't get it why this look so
I just played a thermostat hopefully the
power doesn't go out because of me
alright so we're heading to the third
seeking surprising thing of today they
were heading back to the other three
year to do another seeking surprising
thing of thing
if you have watched dr. cabbage today
make sure you tweet dr. cab use hashtag
cabbie and tweet me and let me know what
you thought of it 500 bonus points to
whoever can take a picture of the
credits for my name and it don't get
arrested though that's the only
condition so we finished now we're at
Boston Pizza honestly I say this every
vlog but I'm gonna say it again I need
to fix my eating habits and I just want
you to know this I know pawn to it that
it's so hard when I'm always on the go
and traveling and it's not an excuse
though I need to fix it and figure it
out you're in the wall look you all
right you're in the blog now what is
this this is a blog daily blog this is
what you used to be having no just my
daily balance you buddy
please so sweet look at him it's Dylan
they like ice please she's mad without
them no you know the reason it's like
and you start working out and I said
every time what I'm actually just saying
it like I've actually made the decision
so my last crappy meal and I'm just I
need to because I'm actually feeling
like crap and I don't have as much
energy and when things into that point
that's what I actually mentally make
that decision like no no more and I've
made this in the past my stuck to them
so I'm just legit saying we start being
more active whether that's like even
like playing basketball with a bike ride
dancing whatever it is a physical actor
that I could do and eat better because I
feel like crap these days I can't use
the childhood things excuse anymore so
I'm doing also I am waiting scar for
tomorrow Scarborough my hometown of scar
Brooks costi and so if you watch this
vlog right now that means today I'm
going to Scarborough Coliseum STC Scott
Brown Center for dr. cabbie at 7:15 7:15
right 7:15 I want to see you there
Scarborough represents all right let's
get everything junk food because I'm
gonna start eating healthy tomorrow
chat discomfort
you
pimp the pimple still they're kicking it
on my face oh my god I'm so far I can't
ever breath
heading home now I'm gonna try really
hard not to sleep at like 6 a.m. like I
usually have been because my jet lag so
yeah alright so jazz just dropped me
home this is gonna be my commitment to
eating healthy the leftover popcorn and
the other day I'd be saving this and
you're hosting tomorrow
yes day old popcorn it tastes amazing if
you haven't done it you can do it but
you also changed my onesie hey Ziggy
it's not a get it one day carrot head i
1z but it's still cool um I'm about to
jump to bed and do some work while lying
down until I pass out because I got a
lot of things to do it is so cold up in
Toronto right now it is legit winter
it's so cold
and I'm just like coming from LA what
you talking about mother nature what you
mother nature what you talking about you
crazy you crazy I'm just one thing you
should know about me I'm and this is
like I mean this is most mother so
possible I can be really honest about
things I'm good at about it okay like I
can in you my strengths I'm trying to
give her this to like stop it I can tell
you my strengths and weaknesses quite
well like I'm pretty honest with myself
I know I'm super stubborn um a hard time
admitting I'm wrong I know all these
things I can say I'm very low
maintenance though that's one good thing
about me I'm very not diva like I don't
have a lot of demands and requests and
pretty like but the one thing I'm a dear
about is cold I just refuse to be cold
I refuse to be called I hate being cold
according to me it should even snow it's
just no one's on Christmas just for the
festivity of it and then ever that she
should go away forever
that's been my ii ii ii ii moment with
superwoman thank you to everyone who
came out to the dr. cabbie stephanie was
awesome meeting all of you and thank you
so much for coming on supporting some of
you drove them so far
I will be doing it in Scarborough so if
you want to check that out all the
informations on my facebook my Twitter
and stuff so that yo listen GT
yes Beauty tomorrow I'll see you and I'm
gonna do some work and go to sleep now
right skills Junior did you miss me skin
eyes from you hmm
and tomorrow radiant healthy and this
little badonkadonk Nevada is going to
disappear you know what really help oh
my god he's realized I had a wonderful
moment what if we do it together
I know if there's one person I won't
betray it's you I know this let's do it
together if you want to get in shape and
eat healthy make better choices comment
below and let's go on the journey
together that way we can motivate
encourage each other I love this idea I
love this idea comment below and we're
gonna do it starting tomorrow no excuses
no excuses as for now the first step you
can do is exercising your little finger
by clicking subscribe if you like and
subscribe if you liked it subscribe
