hi hey thank you for having me this is
Maya take one this is Sophie take two
this is a luck set take two marker
my name is Kaylie Quinn and I'm 13 years
old I'm Iman my name is Cindy Gabby my
Andreas Julian my Alexa Grande you
sitting around a green Emily emetic oka
Sookie LaBelle Tess O'Connor Janelle
Renee Pearson and I'm excited what's
your favorite thing about being a woman
my favorite thing about being a woman is
that I feel so connected to my emotions
your very powerful creatures really
powerful
I love being strong beautiful
independent we support each other you
see another woman on the street there's
always that you're a woman
experiencing life hi I see you I
recognize you what's your favorite thing
about being a girl everything I love
doing my hair and makeup dancing I like
dressing up and having long hair and
putting on makeup everybody is
supportive of each other just knowing
that beauty comes from the inside being
able to speak my own mind women have the
power to do anything they desire what
our girls really good at dancing and
acting basketball soccer girls we're
really good at whatever they want to be
good at everything everything everything
everything describe a good girl I mean
good is relative
as long as you're being good to yourself
then I think that's that's good that's
awesome what's your least favorite thing
about being a woman
oh wow I don't really have one I'm
really happy about being a woman but Oh
periods competition between other women
you're constantly worrying like about
your beauty my body is pretty much
always in danger if I'm not actively
protecting it we have to work harder to
be on the same level as men I both love
and hate this that as a woman people
automatically treat you a certain way
weird woman the word girl
gets compressed a young age but it could
be so expensive what's your least
favorite thing about being a girl I love
every part about being a zero well for
me it's being short periods girls don't
always get treated the vast like girls
can't do sports or any like that kind of
stuff no one we're at PE or something
they're always passing to each other and
he can be perceived as less than others
men think that they can treat us
differently just because we're different
genders or always these lower people
that we are below that so if you could
say one thing to girls all around the
world what would you say it's perfect
being a girl
be confident put your game face on and
just be yourself be yourself yourself
yourself yourself spread girl love
spread girl love spread girl love bed
girl girls are awesome
girls rule we rise by lifting others we
are in this together love yourself no
it's amazing everything's great life is
amazing
what do you have to say two boys that
say mean things about this video they're
on a lot of YouTube video so I know
they're getting upset girls room boys
chuckles they should chill out
