I didn't just end the last vlog and then
press record again and start this vlog
like right now did I what up everyone
wait doesn't know how I start these
there's no I main channel what up I'm in
LA my food alley this morning from
Toronto and it's a weird is my go your
sweater so ha going from like winter
jackets like rolling down the windows
all these climate changes Brom can't
hear this ear my voice is still a hot
mess I am in LA for something that I
cannot tell you about which I just read
in an email so that's gonna kind of suck
which means I can't tell you about it
but you'll find out soon what was the
first time majorly I'm gonna tell you
something so I'm just like oh my god I'm
keeping secrets
I remember now is my hotel room it's
kind of interesting I think I'm here for
two days and the rest of much everyone
goes somewhere else
this trip is important to me for the
following reasons I am only shooting one
day and I am NOT Jam packing my schedule
with a billion meetings I have a few
meetings well than that I've decided for
these five days especially for my mental
sanity I'm gonna take it easy I'm not
gonna shoot a bunch of collabs I'm gonna
chill with people I'm gonna hang out I'm
gonna relax I'm also really upset that
I'm not home for Halloween because all
my friends were up for Halloween so I'm
gonna see if any of my la friends want
to go for Halloween this is the point of
these five days because when I come back
I'm gonna actually come back to LA later
on a November and I'm gonna be a hostile
work work work clap clap clap before
these five days I'm gonna just chill the
eff up I'm gonna go to the beach am I
trying some drinks I'm gonna do some
relaxing cuz I really membrane really
means it and I'm excited that you're on
this journey with me back on my dating
relative relative down I've done I've
done it though they've done with drugs
but since I'm in LA you know the very
first thing I have to do let me check
what our closest Chipotle is though dad
so there's a wonderful painting in my
hotel room
good thing I'm all about that bass bout
that bass no treble new so not such a
big fan of the room itself I mean Hotel
has this like very Indian e like very
cool vibe like I really like really very
cool it's like very exotic E I'm ET
right here oh my G oh I'm sorry
and so for
I can't immigrant people lie down why do
I do this to myself why do I do this to
myself
I ate a human yeah I don't even
comprehend how I used to even attempt to
eat a whole rice bowl by myself homeland
I discovered that it's made to share and
now I'm like oh why you do this to
myself
let me brought brought back down my
excitement for you
so tickets for Mockingjay go on sale
today part 1 of the third movie of the
Hunger Games I cannot contain my
excitement seeing billboards everywhere
it's coming out on the 21st I'm actually
gonna be in LA when it comes out now I'm
like yo should I be buying tickets right
now cuz she just want to sell today cuz
if it's sold out I'm gonna be stressed
but like I think when I come in November
- Mimi Rick I'm in Sandy and humbles
like I need to wait for them to confirm
as well so like I'm so excited I haven't
read The Hunger Games books I've only
seen the movies but I'm obsessed I'm
just freakin friggin district 12 I've
got the Mockingjay effing pin she's on
my pillowcase I'm about Hunger Games I'm
so excited that's all I wanted to say
and now I'm also excited to do this hi
my toe foot oh okay I'm losing my mind
so Daz impossible to get ready in this
hotel room at such a dim light my makeup
could be told and even right now I have
no foundation on this I had no idea I
would also never an iron so I don't
think it'll bit a mess but we're heading
over to a dinner a bunch of cool people
should be there it's really far and I'm
really late so we'll see how that goes
like I put my hair up ever so long
mostly because it's not washed basically
the summary of this clip is that I'm a
mess right now no so I'm here but I'm
waiting for mom she's like five minutes
away so I'm waiting outside
I got a few really exciting emails that
might change the scope of my entire trip
so now I might have to extend my trip I
most like will have to extend my trip
and my whole trip has just been thrown
into chaos now remember like a few
minutes ago in the wall when I was like
oh this gonna be relaxed and trippy I
scratch all that this chaos now I'm
gonna still try to relax some days but
things have been thrown my way curveball
all's been to Maui this light is doing
great things all right hold on II took a
selfie here dealing with people TT
playing TV if you see on the streets a
surname recognizer it is cool
why don't you get me food and this is
not having a serious conversation for
real this is all right so take this in
I've been in my hotel only a few hours I
got ready once well how does this happen
how does this even happen I'm back from
dinner good time let's chill I was
rhettandlink I love rhettandlink they're
freaking sweetheart so I got to hang out
meet some cool people eat some good food
and now I'm going to edit the vlog OS
which released today I'm going to do
that got a bunch of work to do tomorrow
after be at the studio at 8 a.m. so I
need to wake up at some dreadful time so
I'm gonna do a little bit of work edit
do some stuff hopefully the Internet's
not like extremely slow and doesn't take
10 years - uh-oh all my hair hurts oh
you don't mean do you really mean when I
say my hair haves Oh
my hair hurts anyways did you get to
work no no get to work get to work
No hey you yelling at the title blows
every time I see you give me a rose
something yo it's my roof leaking be
right back I don't get it
Rhonda I don't got it I'm just gonna
back up and pretend like that never
happened um anyway he's that I released
today's vlog that's not a ray of like a
billion vlogs in the past few days and
it's a mess but my normal vlogs are zoom
now with this plug as you can see it's
back to my normal old like this is what
I did throughout the day um simply
reflecting my shook up postponed one
hour of all songs are delayed one hour
so I actually sleep one more hour I am
going to call my hair something I
haven't
run in like a month because I snatch kid
and row wash my hair then I'm gonna edit
you and then I'm gonna go to sleep right
though the other day
specifically yesterday was my four year
anniversary on YouTube and I didn't make
a special post about it or anything
reason being like I remember yesterday
when people are saying happy anniversary
to me I was like I my brain doesn't
believe this so I could just I just like
never addressed it never like post
anything I will tomorrow probably but I
don't want you to think it was important
to me was just literally like my brain
was like this is not true and now it's
kind of settling in that I've been on
YouTube for years and that means happy
Anniversary to you for years of team
super-hit being UHP baby moon or some
sexy lingerie for you yeah me me me me
me me me me me me um how do you stop but
yeah so that was really cool and I'm so
overwhelmed excited and not um anyways I
should go do this things I need to do
and we got a shoot tomorrow morning top
secret I can't tell you up and hopefully
some cool people will be there so I'm
gonna do our stuff you go to all your
stuff we're gonna do our stuff resuming
vlog high-five I'm so excited if you'd
come on my journey san if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
anything Rockets up spa
