oh my god it's teed off riding high
I'm sorry yogurt I have my show the show
just so and quizzes have killed it so if
you don't know mm a whole circus theme
so everything we're doing a circus theme
so inquisitive made these shirts
ready ready ready Bam Bam so it's like
yeah you're getting a lot of sexy
comments about that you do it do it now
I don't know the routine basket
so it's cotton candy popcorn whole bunch
of stuff each team gets one of these and
they're all like circus of five and
stuff oh snap
all the team baskets oh my god I'm
folding I thought it was a dog votes
there's circus balloon man give me this
is jazz best jazz Union Union and
where's Oh everyone else watching but
yeah um we all get ready to registration
today mixers today everything's
happening circus theme I'm excited
how many people does it take to figure
out how to close the sofa bed okay ready
I think we need a lane up booty power
not losing them yeah totally not we're
gonna break this bed this part here is
nothing I couldn't leave him out of it I
say via people like this that balloon
came out of this bed you guys should
just help that I think of my any knocks
would've does it to cars oh we will fly
come on girl oh how did she open this in
the first place Oh how'd you get open
this I would get like blue it was our
home oh this is not happening
yeah this is not this is totally not
happening we're just watch it out we're
just like gorgeous
all right this order looks like the
tables we got the circus lighting we got
the stage right here with all the teams
got the trophies everything's looking
real good
I need to go get ready because I look
looking on your old boy with lots of
pimples yeah all right so at the venue
look sick carnival colors oh snap we got
so our centerpieces look like it's a
gumball thing I'm soaked
round lot of work to still be done we're
hustling her bustling shadows to Grand
Empire letting us use the space speaking
foreign almost sick I'm gonna show you
the finish results we're blowing up
balloons over there full team working
progress here i'ma show you the results
yo run our way to the hall right now
we're gonna go set up for the mixer I'm
trying to extinct around cuz I want
teams to see me not that I do where I
don't know care or anything but it will
be Dec babe why don't you two get bill
ad-hoc a food for breakfast it was a
spicy so we're here at the circus TDOT
circus choose option course justing high
striker thing up there where you hitting
it looking good
excited I'll mix high tide so I hosted
the mixer and I didn't want any of them
because I was too busy hosting online I
don't do the vlogging and that stuff but
I have 10 new pimples and this thing is
still here that's always here but it
went really well I think all the teams
really enjoyed it now I'm really tired
but I'm going to go around and do team
visits I'm just gonna go to the team
practices and say thanks for coming
what's up and take some pictures and hey
so Bob and Saul dog that hey this dam
here though damn it alright so I'm with
UK blokes in it you came on stage on
aren't you doing the stretch in Brahms
six five five four three three
five more from the blast from the land
oh it doesn't for you
yes I have something for you you know I
feel about this so I'm going to give
this to you be like 2:30 when you have a
medium I say huh
there's 100 people in my room this is
the situation right now but I want my
superwoman one side and one of you
bought it for me thanks thanks yo
everybody down we know you can get me
nothing has ever stopped us we're gonna
know we're roasting as liberal as a
burger nothing realizing when I said
that we made me sweet make me sweet Jim
sweet dreams it sets a new slick James
that sets that's what James sleep tight
sleep tight sleep tight sleep tight
sleep tight sleep tight good and seem
anyways
tomorrow is T de bunda and we gotta wake
up really early so we're gonna go to
sleep um you can still my tickets at the
door so if you're watching this and
you're like yo unless this comes out
after the show
in which case hey you missed it what you
do right now is oh by the way one more
no people are commenting about my vlog
yesterday saying how there's a weird
effect on it I don't know what that was
hopefully it's not on this one jazz
edited it so we can blame her awesome
but she's wonderful she's wonderful but
that's why it was a different program
you said it so I didn't do it on purpose
sure you shouldn't be mad if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
bad
