hmm I slept in today I slept in it is 12
p.m. I feel wonderful I feel wonderful I
feel wonderful how do I feel I feel
wonderful and today is ask superwoman
live and so excited that's in one hour
so I need to like eat and like fix my
face and like take a shower and stuff
so I got that I got a dinner today got
an itchy shoulder and yeah and then I
got a bunch of work to do and then I got
a record tomorrow's video because I'm
shooting all day tomorrow's like I do
today and it's gonna be a good day my
great day I'm so glad that you can join
me yes I'm wearing this shirt again
limited clothes humble is made an
assortment of things for breakfast
basically we're like out of food we want
to buy move more food because he's
leaving in like two days and like it's
gonna go to way so we're basically an
assortment of everything in our fridge
so whatever's left breakfast the
whatever is left Breck I'm so full
account brim mmm are you doing my makeup
dog kind of a mega bag indeed with my
Mac I'm diagonally and then make yo so
much go live right now I've got my three
shout outs you're ready to go got my
list of things talk about sitting on the
floor like a thug one minute late
already but I was eating breakfast home
was sitting right there pretending like
he's not here I'm right here
boom I think we is all gonna do tank and
do tank tank deuce tank so how much good
in terrassa balloon life for me because
I can't think of anything else I super
will live here we go
what up everyone is your boy superwoman
you know the way I get into it
what up you would we asked a woman live
and Athene ask can I vlog so of course I
can blog look I'm blogging humble
crashed my livestream
oh yeah fix the microphone while I crush
this apparently and does all of you look
how pretty you are
I'm crying I'm crying why am i crying
tell them I'm crying this is why she's
crying Limited limited zoom it in all
the way all the way this is why she's
crying because this guy they're all
tweeting me for this
can you read the I can't read can you
average Cree
it says I'm doing a Superman lives y'all
people are right here oh no disappeared
really go we're not havin shaggy right
now if we hop the rocks at this to me if
we hugged how long would it take for you
to pass out silverback squeeze ask
Superman
I would instantaneously pass out I
freaking love you you are are you eating
oh my you're cooking at all okay I need
to we're gonna talk about this I need to
do the livestream what we're gonna talk
about this okay I just finished my live
stream and the rock tweeted me for the
third time and he's talking my hug we
should watch this back right humble load
it up we need to watch my reaction he
tweeted me while I was live okay and
it's recorded you go on my channel on
youtube.com slash hi Superman I'm a main
channel and watch my recent a suburban
live look at me enjoying things like a
cupcake not realizing what the bucket me
of you don't look at the phone so I'm
scared don't look
better slowly they go oh dear I your
head
Saima bingo
that should be your birth wine
facetiming my parents to tell them the
phenomenal news you're the wrong to eat
it yet tweeted me about hugging me 31
dog me okay so I'm done crying um now
I'm gonna go get rid did you go sit by
the pool because my life is amazing and
I love everything and everything is
wonderful I need to go shave my legs we
are going to the pool got my Ritz
crackers got my Seventeen magazine
now all my friends is in life is good
right now I'm so proud of actually doing
this because I always are in these
situations where I'm somewhere like I
really need to let go here I rewatched I
before go the beach and never get to do
it so I'm really happy get actually
enjoy and just chill a for a little bit
I'd have to make tomorrow's video at
some point today but we don't gonna
think about that right now
and I think today we break all rules we
can eat Chipotle we know the river
today's that day Sunday morning Sunday
Monday the wrong tweeted me he's about
to get in the hot tub I'm so excited how
you doing I'm excited this is everything
the same time I'm feeling extremely
excited right now act like me for one
second saying that oMG lol so excited to
be in the pool
yeah so we kind of effed up because the
sun's not here anymore we chillin hot
tub wait please chillin I'm a lounge
over than the Sun chairs a dark armpit
swag NASA isn't this place just so cute
the little village hey look I'm on
resort right now covering my Chipotle
belly mmm what we're gonna go get sir
we're gonna go dip maybe I'll like to
recall the cold pool aren't you gonna
call for no no but we came right back
into the hot tub all right we're gonna
go from here go into the cold pool to
come back to the hot tub you got Bruce
you're gonna do it right yeah I'll do it
right now with the camera everyone just
ran one all the way in right they touch
my magic magic corn if you want to watch
Disney's frozen it's in my bacteria no
go leave this all the way
okay that's good this is wonderful right
now Oh Sony the Sony but too excited
right now
and I frostbite the Sun went down
it went kind of blowing now and I'm not
about that life
I know well I mean we got to stand up
for like 20 minutes on beat up with that
we did it we did it
so the world conspires against our
health eating those cupcakes we had tell
me why the place is right next to our
apartment we it's called susiecakes
those copies from susiecakes
and we walked and it's right beside us
so the place with the wonderful cupcakes
right besides a dog you know they taste
like I said in my livestream that
there's a few people that said that my
blogs are just all me making weird faces
and I say that's not true
I found the pumpkin Cinderella droven
look at this pumpkin can you can we show
in relation to this pumpkin how big this
pumpkin is can you walk in Bridgend
pumpkin
holy crap these are that's not normal
Sanwa da little boom boo-boom goobers I
got a poem Kimber John may be wondering
where are we going well you'll find out
shortly
we're at Chipotle but but why are we
actualize this okay today
no we don't have a lot of topology don't
love to sit beside also we're going to
share one Bowl cause we have to go to a
dinner in a couple hours so we share one
Bowl which pretty much means that is the
best thing ever pretty much on a day One
Bowl I worked out sitting on the chair
I'm just I'm so healthy
fYI once again Bryce isn't here
what's better than eating Chipotle
eating Chipotle and then taking my nap
ah today's a good day i'ma taking that
for 45 minutes and then I'm gonna head
to dinner with my bro
kun Apple moo moo hardest not to wake up
from a bar ready for dinner just simple
not too much makeup not too much just
whatever I have successfully destroyed
the apartment by the way from my room
and unlike my ass Superman ice cream
I destroyed the apartment I'm sorry
is here this is cheese I think Jesus
deficit Friday
other stuff yeah yeah it's got your my
better doing more food I'm eating I'm
eating nice a multiple course meal
that one you don't get a realize why my
and humbly eating my food as he always
does
this is his role so remember when we
said we're going to eat healthy we live
because you started teleprinters what's
the fruit good
oh well anyway so overrated overrated
none of your clothes will be fit
properly and stuff like ever buy all new
clothes a hat so we might as well
everything curves the fashion designers
will be buying clothes around exactly
exactly
it looks like a little animal that's
already eaten Nutella be happy man to
tell us things genuine reaction of us
eating it oh no ignorant
this is alway true get away from home
from oh no I'm so sorry
they wanna know this still the same
crabs change they want to know how I
walk into the apartment and I'll
frostbite a frost bite over here you
know the people in the world really have
frostbite and they don't appreciate you
staying here frostbite you might see
electricity - oh just turn the AC on
wasted by 180 - and say I feel like the
heat should go on to balance this right
now
one because I frostbite I feel if you
love and you guys love Lily should
encourage her to go to the doctor no
check her v12 know that your blood
circulation so cold I don't like the
show what do you think the shirt it's
cute right I'm sorry it's part of your
swing all right na bus depending
Lipton's I'm so tired my call time is
7:00 in the morning 7 that is in 7 hours
this is humble is it true that you like
taking your beard and picking your nose
with it cuz I heard that's what you do
my boot smells like chlorine as a cousin
you picked it I love it yeah love
chlorine booger is a chlorine mother or
disease what are you doing
please what are you doing we're gonna
really
gonna do this for what you're doing see
if it was a winter right now are you
doing anyways I'm gonna end the vlog
you're not because I've edited soon and
this is pretty much the end of my day
cuz I'm gonna blaze them Simpsons trivia
maybe or maybe I don't know sleep and
I'm gonna really because I'm so tired so
thank you for joining me on my day me
and pimp the pimple on my day burger for
a more preferred worker
um and tomorrow we start shooting at
7:00 a.m. so make sure you wake up early
you guys shoot with me alright if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
