they tell me why I totally forgot I
shoot and I'm just pressing snooze this
morning like I ain't got age to do all
right so I'm hanging downstairs the car
is waiting to pick me up and I'm really
tired all over again
this is my life every morning of these
shoots I feel like even if I get like
seven eight hours of sleep which is
pretty good I'm still really tired
because it's the thought of hey I don't
just have to like get up and then do a
job well I don't like to say job because
I love doing this I'd even consider a
job but like it's just thought it'd also
be like oh I have to do a makeup and be
on and act and do well that's like oh
that's a lot a lot of work good welcome
to day two of shooting the tubes
highness my baby love toothpaste I mean
this is another thing though it's really
hard to not like being a good mood in LA
because there's a sunny and wonderful so
this was the hot set from yesterday I
want to say hot set you know I don't
know what that means either but I
learned yesterday the caution tape
indicates don't touch any of these
cameras because the cameras and the
positions they're in are locked and we
have to shoot angel and if they move the
round they won't be able to put all
three characters in the same scene so
that's one reason it's a hot set no one
mother I've been touch these props or
camera because that's look identical
from yesterday there if you didn't know
that now you do you learned something
you you're a giant you don't even look
at this everybody rock stars you brought
rocks at straws no let's say she want to
go search the rock stars out there on
the table
yeah did you say we don't have any yeah
then we're gonna wrap her hair and we're
gonna take small sections about to go
down in danger look how good PJ looks
today all smile PJ's girl my hair was
dreading and I had just to be real let's
do this
and then we maybe want to bring this but
here's the post-it hi everyone angels
here only I'm so tired
Oh John hey I think we're not shooting
around it's fine so this wig usually
kills me like it's the most painful
thing ever and if it's throwing up as a
cell so tight but PJs strategically cut
it of it so right now I'm feeling
alright hopefully it doesn't start
killing me because this is like the most
dreaded character even though she's so
fun to play this wig alright the schooi
registration i just like to point out
today that conveniently we have robes
and towels because my double is gonna
get wet but yesterday we literally had a
napkin and a half to drive myself oh
 they fell asleep on the couch and
now they have the touch of my hair and
makeup oops
sir baktoosh is angel and there's a
cupcake on my laptop and look wait
I love it so much I love that be done
so Obama class hot right now in the
place and you know if I'm saying it then
it's really friggin hot because usually
I'd be freezing all the time so I don't
know how you guys are surviving right
now but Yowies chillin uh Sheila angel
hi check how good we made the sound guy
it's like a common thing on this set to
make fun of the sound guy so just wrap
that scene I'm so sweaty and I'm not
wearing blue hair so I guess that's not
my under the time stop being duct tape
so yeah this is wrong the editing
happens by the way these little edit
rooms so everything's happening like on
the go it's like a huge you know
teamwork makes the dream work and I say
that but it's true in this situation
teamwork makes the dream work I'm
wearing this and I'm not wearing pants
under no pants no pants hey hey hey hey
you're wearing pants you suck I'm not
wearing pants
so it's lunchtime but first we're going
to take some stills but oh my god are
you my boyfriend yes are you my
boyfriend nice to meet you this is how
acting happens okay we're in love okay
haha we're eating lunch mine says Lily
because that's and what is it it's
actually oh it's falafel all right so
the wig is off is 3:50 p.m. and I've hit
the sleepy the sleepy place and hit this
sleeping hey it's hit me and I'm sleepy
first and foremost before I change into
genre we're gonna go pee with a pee team
with pee team so annoying part is that
the pee pee place is so far from where
we work at sorry
they got wolf things gay me
I peed this is the look for right now
Jonna again I'm going tights because I
refuse to shave my rises I'm a lazy
mother effer
but I promise Chandra on Monday I shaved
my legs and stopped being ready say yeah
it looks so cute with your hair my god
so this is the Jonna look I'm holding a
purse look that never freakin happens
better get some skittles I was just
going to the comments from yesterday's
vlog and someone's like the herd of
spoon with the skittles when you put
your hands and let me tell you something
with people here no one here uses the
damn spoon we're all friends and no one
cares how am i buck - who's eating
skittles the spoon
no I'm from handed just like everyone
else here does we're all friends we
share drinks and do everything no one
cares so to address your comment Vega ok
guys so I know I'm never introduced into
my boyfriend but here he is his name is
what's your name Ryan Ryan is his name
we're in love deeply in love we've been
together for a couple hours there you go
true love Ryan and that's my name Jonah
John I'm Doug then okay Ryan and the
leaf dragon Jonah does not meet women
they go he's a handsome it's exclusive
yeah there you go
BAM exclusive under vlogs just finished
a phenomenal acting scene like Oscar
winning material it's good stuff yeah
it's good stuff is amazing I'll write is
way too much fun happening on this set
right now no fun allowed I miss my
family
yeah sound guy yeah you cry back there
sound guy you cry
that's pretty much how it goes for sound
oh god the Jolly Rancher okay
took all the memory cards out of my
memory card case and put this in there
nobody gives a nobody that right
there dog poop and picking it up and
putting it in your mouth so we're
wrapped for today and I just remember to
take home some of my clothes because
tomorrow is a superwoman life I need
clothes for that not whatever
interesting
I'm taking my suitcase home and we're
wrapped and all these people are here so
how cute is I love makeup people they
arrange for someone's picking up shampoo
because I told them like my hand soap
situation I love oh yeah I'm so hungry
I'm so hungry I can't remember it I love
a new one that's a new one nobody wanna
see us together
love it love love love it sorry okay bye
guys
yep yeah my mum I knew it yeah you loved
it right
ie - bye everyone I stole some mmm
cookies humbles girl like the M&M
cookies good friend alert head we're
heading home after a damn what time
is it even whoa whoa combo eight so Oh
Oh cookie you stop Oh
ten hours of shooting or less ten hours
11 hours of shooting it's all good so
remember how I said I'd take my suitcase
long ago never to my I forgot that's
okay guys I'm not waiting for humbles
take me back to the studio because
there's a card damn it ask me ask me why
don't you tell me I told any suitcase
you knew tell me it's full time the
Kudus since you miss him so much and
love I want you to know though one thing
I need to tell you is meet humble never
chill I rarely see him so do not get
used to seeing this guy in my blog he's
gonna be gone very soon and he's not
coming back one for last time you saw me
before this I've been used twice
bootlegging yeah so we never hang out
together so please don't used to this
face okay get used to this face the face
you know and love anyway who's that
veggie girl right now
could run that styled life but humble
had Chipotle today
why glance there so back home
humble stuff is at the YouTube spaces of
you let's go back to the YouTube space
and work and I'm like I'm so tired but
I'm like no okay fine
I have work to do and I could go to
space so we're heading to space right
now I'm just picking up my laptop and
then going the right way I'm so
directionally challenged
like I will get lost anywhere and
everywhere oh yeah that's the right I'm
here to pick up my laptop there go into
the space to do some work and yeah in
the meantime if you're watching this
today you should know that ask Superman
live is today at 4 o'clock p.m. Eastern
Standard Time and if you need to know
what time that is where you are at
Google that ish time difference time
zones I freakin genius I don't know so
ask Superman live hour and half live
show that is today the 14th of every
single month or depending on where you
live up might be the 15th but yeah burps
all around ours is humble studio setup
you got going on here the mad mad
production quality he loves this place
cuz everything's free I do I love the
space because I mean Spears region like
an astronaut
Kyle Manasseh Kyle - all right now right
now every time I'm gonna do some fancy
ting right now Oh check it out
oh snap look at this hi cool it's like a
vlog in a vlog blog that should I look
for vlog alright so I'm just gonna work
in the lobby because it's closest to the
free candy
yah we're back home now
and my friend John V if you remember I
said that the last time I was in LA I
went to dinner with my YouTube friends
she bought us cupcakes and I feel like
if I show you how fancy they are thanks
John B she said that she was watching
her vlogs and realize we're eating
healthy and want to get spoiled a little
bit little does she know this one hot
bell taco and Chipotle and I just ate so
much candy is your ice cream on dude
yeah oh my god dude oh my god hold on
hold on hold on hold on I just oh no oh
no like real ingredients oh no you need
to taste that right there mmm I need to
see your reaction what is it holy crap
possibly the best topping I am creative
ever had in my life we need to go right
now
but we bought the eat all of these some
things honestly I'm over the body some
things are just worth it so I don't
think that doesn't work they're not
gonna lie to you just to love yourself I
agree and you wouldn't just love
yourself
I'll meet all these cupcakes if you like
it subscribe if you like and subscribe
if you like it subscribe
