he's me oh dang good morning good
morning to your face so I'm all being so
annoying a cup to a message say he's
gone to the gym now he's back making
healthy breakfast and just like don't
make me feel bad about myself because I
slept in with your dedication to health
yell at him right now is queen look at
him look at him look at him I hate you I
hate you what do you think you are
progressing in life what's this
beautiful this Paris is to eat what do
you mean for what me over like lunch or
dinner
I didn't I'm so sorry I did include ESG
how this bear gets placed into the grand
scheme of things okay let's talk about
you going to the gym and eating healthy
it's supposed to be that I succeed at
this and you fail what because that
makes me feel good about myself by going
to Joshua I got a shoot tomorrow like
7:00 a.m. are you going to the gym it's
not about me going to gym it's what you
just not going to do now this guy guy
guy doing this cuz I'm not lying about
time to Walmart Earth may just took a
shower right now my body clean owe me
one eat some I'm lit and oatmeal Oh
that's all you took look at this humble
goodie thrown on right here real la who
tried all the porridges again
was it Goldilocks to the three bears it
was Goldilocks the port belong to people
so Goldilocks stole the port you know
that's terrible
I've been goalie about anyways but
today's grace I'd like to thank
Goldilocks for trying all the porridges
to getting me this one that's just right
did you find one that is right this one
that's just right
would you like to thank anyone you would
like to thank people who invented
tortilla wrap that's a good one
saving undies from making roti worldwide
that's an idea that's e I mom give you
honest opinion right now of a humble
poet cooking right now here we go
damn it is delicious
alright so I fix my face a little bit I
got do a small little snippet freyal of
makeup because I need to send them a
piece for tomorrow's video so humbles
gonna help me shoot that right now that
I got a conference call real quick and
then I've got colleagues coming over and
then Ali's coming over and it's video
day and it's a meeting to do boom I go
do the month let me do a weather do it
I'm tired Oh what had too many things to
do my responses I'm tired
let's nap why am i walking back and
forth I don't know
booty in the mirror booty booty booty
okay so somehow my days turned into
chaos and a billion things are happening
right now
I'm sending files I love makeup I'm have
a conference call inform and it's all my
god have a conference on formats have a
conference on forum is I'm doing with so
many times and some emails and my mom
messaged me saying there's a letter that
I'm getting audited now by the
government I just there's too many time
sensitive situations I can do with
things but there's like so many things
I'm doing right now they're like we need
to be done right this second so now I
decided to pick up my camera and blog
instead of doing any of them but Colleen
just sent me a video and now I'm happy
because I
her and I want to marry her because
she's perfect Elena's right the constant
battle of V with humble him turning on
the AC is blasting liar I got frostbite
up in here have you guys noticed what's
the reason say to me I've done
absolutely nothing he keeps trying on a
season to be with and she this is not
about these uses it's about the comments
on YouTube yeah oh my god and about the
AC and frostbite you feel jealous that
people and say nice things about me I am
made a mode where like to kneeler
messaging you have too many things to do
so I'm just like gonna be like this is
138 p.m. and I already want to martini
that's what's happening right now we
have the necessary thing on the hug I
know my home with buit morning with home
with a pole hey see you can't see if all
that conditioning I can't learn home
with a poet
yo miss bogey unlearn 101 Manor
here's when it comes to me in New York
yeah they go plug yourself October 16th
at Meridian 23 but currently you have to
be 21 plus that time so that's pretty
much none of you none of you would ya
know I have 21 plus be yours
guess what call me is here I'm so
excited coming is he so excited cuz
Colleen is here and she just sent me the
sweetest video just like is it possible
for us to record a video I know I just
supposed to chew on that girl that's
what friends are for
y-you met here but we wanna buddy you go
away in about you
hey wait my babies it
we mommies it where my bed where my
bikini where my Rosa I'm just reading a
magic Wow ing go sweet you look really
familiar
so we're shooting a video for Cuddy's
channel it's called the superlative yeah
that's a word and that's a word who's
more who's most likely to yeah who's
most likely to wear those Wiggly
Colleen's gonna be answer for everything
yeah basically what Commissioner we've
new one for my channel at a later date I
know I know for sure that's departed
decided I think you're the first female
youtuber to be on this channel other
than me
really I really think so I can't think
yes my vagina high-five Wow I love it
yes holding this I sing Bert we're gonna
shoot now my heart is breaking Colleen
is leaving but we shot a club for talent
it's awesome sauce so we should check it
out her channel link is in the
description hey and it's gonna come out
technically when this comes out today so
right now I have this video check it out
right now
get out check it out cuz amazing is the
best piece of content on YouTube it's
because she was in it not even grace not
even her present yeah oh Kim I come to
say bye nice my BAE last me now I'm
strong you his response to everything
smiling cuz he knows that you like in
smile
stop getting the Congress we're gonna
make pastor once again because we don't
want to buy food and we want to try to
control tweet so that's what we're doing
teamwork makes the dream work that's my
line so he's gonna board a pasta and big
wand or de sauce and to be a king
fancy what's the ingredients is only one
line everything something with does it
that's all ingredients oh it's fancy
single pair dress me awesome
made in Austin Texas baby I mean she's a
new student you damn it
Beyonce okay so Colleen bought me the
issue of Seventeen magazine my baby back
on the cover
Keller can't speak I'm gonna go into my
sexy so if you have Seventeen magazine
where you are it is the October issue
that were featured in oh my God look who
it as uh that's mud looking all
appropriate and stuff now penny girl
superwoman skits about Smurf face that's
weirdly worded so once gets about Smurf
face that look you give one something
what that happens could legit be on SNL
on thanks seventeen but Lily sings to
mission goes beyond making you laugh she
wants to have positivity through a
comedy and her unicorn Island clothing
line teased with Hilaire one-liners yes
yay I love it Tyler's in it Taryn
southern Xin it yeah that's got her own
thing so you gotta check this out you
pick up your issue of Seventeen magazine
freaking take a picture with you in it
and let me know what's up show me a
picture is my head even in this show me
a picture I'm sorry yeah hi thanks
seventeen things some maintain the girls
I've been typing North and go you don't
know you're meeting with the Durrani
Bros right now we in the past then it's
in my billing and some home but I can
River and it's video day and all time -
sometimes it's five o'clock I start
doing it but I do have kind of an idea
what I'm gonna do
so everyone who was any you can your
body bros they produce the lab'
300b every the first time team loves oh
my god just till are right now this is
team left we don't condone people to
help with the video yeah yeah yet does
you to like you guys are great but I
mean this is team lat every dbb they may
have these other people that would
accept the Grammy we may it
we mean yes so thank you so much for
supporting let we made it we made it we
really made it
I feel like this is a blog worthy moment
right now so humble made me to tell us
how much
and you cut it how would you offer you
cup yo you're gonna do something you do
it right that's it I am so impressed you
cut the sour traitor I'm big little very
good who are you who is this guy what do
we take advantage of enjoy beginners hey
you don't have a tripod don't worry
about it just get a pot some popcorn
some thing another bowl and a camera
this is called production right here ok
yeah I stopped making my video called
about my awkward massage experience I
don't know can be funny was like
hilarious to me because I lived in stuff
but um yes that's I'm recording ringing
you Wow glance - so I just finished
recording number to edit I'm always hard
being in LA or behind Toronto time
because my videos are always inevitably
inevitably late because it's only 9
something here but back home it'll be
like 1 a.m. or something so that's that
anyways when edit now I'm going to add
it now for you cuz I love you so much
the internet is so slow here and it
takes over an hour to upload videos and
I'm so sleepy and tomorrow I have to be
the I love makeup people coming a 15 so
to wake up by like 7:30 7:15 8:14 and
I'm so tired but I can go sleep because
my videos uploading over it's uploading
over there some here but it's over all
my calls are talking so long to upload
humble humble and there and
I'm a freakin mousse that shine yeah
okay I'm gonna edit you now you I'm
gonna edit you now because I need to
sleep my video is up now if you want to
check it out the link to our main
channels right there I also make videos
on my main channel Monday and Thursday
that are more produced and more of a
thing than these so I'm you can check it
out the main channel link is in the
description I'm gonna edit you and I
wake up really early and tomorrow we
start a first shoot day of the tube's
hottest so you're gonna see just how
hectic things get if you thought my life
was hectic how is about to get a lot
more hectic a lot more but I'm so glad
you can join me on my journey well
there's one more thing you guys to do if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
