what up initial reference good morning
you might be wondering why that mowing
or sweater that's very very thick very
very warm when I'm living in Los Angeles
California but the answers in the
mission that suit a video wash printer
thing goes through emails sent creatives
I have been dying to find out what
happens in stranger things but I've told
my some of my friends I'd watch it with
them so like it's been a full 24 hours
and I don't know what happens no are you
okay let's not so harder let's be
productive its rejuvenation Sunday half
leisure-- half working let's split it
and make it count because yo every day
is an opportunity to be the best version
of yourself and do things that your
tomorrow self will be like thank you so
that's not all net no you seem so random
growing up I never really had a starter
but recently in my life I kind of
stutter sometimes and I honestly think
it's because I'm just so excited about
life like it's well we've been
interrupted by a setup
I wasn't diwali whatever and we start
playing but the point is I'm just looks
that mmm hello
the point is I'm so excited about life
and so my brain works too fast my mouth
can't keep up and expect anyways anyways
anyways anyways it's going to go wow
it's not even Halloween yet it is
already Christmas Tony you're doing
great oh star ducks because copyright
when you're weird you know I can make it
sound like a duck it's a really good
duck sound he's a really good one guy
hey friends remember yesterday when I
spent hours doing my entire house
someone that happened remember the other
thing happens where did that thing
I know you're ready for this
fire we're about to shoot something I
need to basically mail this letter so
somewhere on set was a joke was like why
don't we get the shop inside the mailbox
no one laughs and I was like so now
we've created this check this out it's a
cardboard box so when you see this
videos gonna look like a mail box
I'm dropping the letter into fire fire
fire
and you're nestled rap my rap I mean on
the Ferrari and Jaguars the Chipotle top
masking manonmani in a thing double hug
the blob let's ring with the window
crack holla back money in the bag off
don't rush it only looks fun everybody
up for God today is Sunday which means
lose walking dead oh I have no idea what
it is moving upon her right now what are
you gonna guess I think it's like gonna
be actions figurine set type of deal II
I was so right this is dog oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god and
a dedicated and loyal fan on the walking
dead wanna make sure you're in good
company when the series celebrates the
Maus 100th episode on Sunday 22nd oh my
bad away coughs already the number one
show on television fighting because
exclusive factor The Walking Dead
bobbleheads oh my god it's like
straighten the writing room right now
that one's the walking dead because we
finish up give it a point maybe I wasn't
working up a god damn god damn it
anticlimactic come on there it is I have
to wait to watch it with Taylor but
we're only watching two episodes I can't
promise anything more than that all
right
Taylor's watch - would we watch those
like oh is why never so clever about to
watch well about to watch episode 9 once
again reiterate how Bob Noah has been
this season and I just my heart is my
baby best come through right now okay
let's watch feeling hella accomplished
right now finished stranger things just
watch The Walking Dead now I'm about to
take a shower and but to sleep it's
around 1 a.m. right now let's sleep at
1:20 have to wake up by 9:30 um I guess
I'm legit hours of sleep to start the
week off right it's been a
and Sunday is not over let's go take a
steaming hot shower well the only one by
the way takes showers so hard like strip
the slope couldn't melt up in that
mother I'm just a cooking myself I just
can't have any other way even if it's so
hot outside I still take a hot shower is
that just me come along let me know what
are you shower temps like because I want
to be in the shower with you like total
body wash okay creepy creepy creepy I
mean if you're a teen cool I'm not catch
on your story first of all no wearing
pants
that's not story though the story is I
was just thinking I was walking down my
stairs getting some fruit loops as one
does and I was like yo I love my house
so much it is not because of the
features of my house like it's not
because of what my house looks like or
anything that I literally had a moment I
thought to myself like I'm so grateful
for my house why because I earned it
like truly I've lived you for on
December 1st it's gonna be one year
since I've owned my own house and lived
here and every day when I wake up I
swear every single day when I wake up
and go to bed I still am not used to the
novelty of having my own house being
like this is my house my decisions I can
welcome people in it's it's just I'm
just so proud that I have it within the
point of the story is the greatest
feeling in the world is earning things
like work hard and earn things that you
can call your own accomplishments you
can call your own because that happiness
lasts oh so long don't hope for it don't
wish for it don't feel entitled to it
just work for it because every day no
matter how long I live I wake up and
what I'm so proud of this and yo this
damn strap keep his goddamn hitting me
stop it yes
i'ma go to bed I think we're too
productive they had a dope shoot I'll
shoot took way longer than Rose supposed
to take because everyone's having a good
time we're chillin goin in a slow pace
I'm like I'm allowed ace it's all good
so let's see how we did
yup today on the main channel a few
hours adult videos Elysium I may say so
myself here's a little sneak peek so
wait you were sleeping and he just
started kissing you
yeah we have a court date for December
how are you oh okay I found a box of
frosted flakes under Rogers bed I mean I
guess that's what Tigers his age do
total Adam Tabitha
it is a Disney character house party and
it's so fun and it cost so much money so
y'all go check it out drink super sixty
let me know that vlog Sam since you're
going to show you some extra extra love
you know what's not tomorrow got a
jam-packed day I'm gonna get my beauty
sleep a beauty C got pimple popping off
everywhere but y'all sleep in stuff and
makeup fix that but if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe this
bug free now you subscribed please
subscribe to this vlog channel if you
want and I'm if you don't that's cool
too but y'all I also saw on Twitter
y'all had on seven years of super moon
was my seven year anniversary yes miss
thank you so much it's been an amazing
seven years all y'all and in a fuel
applause it's gonna be my 1000th vlog so
exciting milestones thank you for being
on journey with me what
