we're going to have an awesomesauce day
today because I'm deciding that right
now I got my Samson shirt on because
we're heading to Universal Studios
that's we're going right Universal
Studios and I'm so excited because I am
actually a really big Simpsons fan my
whole family is so they have like a
whole Springfield there with
krustyburger and everything and this is
gonna be like a dream come true for me
because I love me some same since yeah
yeah yeah let's go
where are you Rizzo studios look it says
welcome welcome
my mom's in full tourist mode I'm dad ah
daddy hi hi hi alright so today's party
lines cat in the house I don't know any
dr. Seuss riddles or rhymes but I know
they exist so pretend I said a really
witty one follow your dreams and stuff
let me excited see Springfield oh yeah
we love this entire family grew up on
the citizens not the whole family not
your dad yeah well we like we like the
scheme
no don't please go go go all right so
we're here and I'm really excited it's
nice it's really freakin cool Universal
Orlando Resort oh I know my first option
being where I'm spending the rest of the
day all right guys you can pick me up in
ten hours
stand up line I love you I'm gonna marry
a Cinnabon one day and to get that on a
shirt I'm gonna marry a Cinnabon
just found my big bro Kuno so proud when
I see them everywhere a bazinga
so far this place is just a compilation
is that our compilation combination of
all my favorite things one nah let's get
together be a little bit MJ in there
because you know that's what's up yeah
mmm mmm mmm all right guys the dish
thing started and I'm already feeling a
lot better than yesterday so the huge
wait I wait an enormous weight has been
lifted off me I'm feeling better so
we're gonna make a promise of a good day
today no matter what
all right so waiting in line to get into
the park and we've got our tickets and
Leslie shut up set us on air dang your
check all your band that you go to keep
on let me give you this Fast Pass thing
for $70 per person we're like yeah no
thanks
it's alright let me give you this little
pager things that you can make right
reservations link there dollars per se
I'm gonna get no thanks no you want to
sell us the park next you want to try
selling me Universal Studios down just
calm down
freaking out don't you know I'm cheap oh
my god you see homer and Lisa I'm
fangirling so hard
oh you know sure right what up t-shirt
reference sweet you like my shirt also
get a high-five
oh you don't like the shirt doesn't work
that's fun
we just met home right ed goes public
fan drug hardcore to me they're real
people like either really ball right now
yeah so we're about to board a minion me
hanging game fact I've actually never
seen Despicable Me and I mentioned this
before so that promised my friend I'd
watch over 13 I went around to a some
like not a real human being always watch
one this like for the adventure you can
see that
I could of course show you guys that was
awesome my mom would you thought that
was real life my mom does not come right
I kind of catch so many I know it was
really good I was convinced I was real
high tried to grab on the present those
present voting was 3d I tried to grab it
minions gaming gaming I mean guess let's
look at these keychain things do it for
an ocean II come on an ocean II an ocean
II where you at moosh me Angela Angelica
and Gianna no one knows me next time
girl I got you but if you're you want to
change your name to any or Annabelle got
you girl
alright so much people on this roller
coaster I'm non-neurologic because I've
never been on it and I'm not familiar
can happen in my drunk camera just made
Marshall you know what I'm Marshall
fierce and we're going to leave here on
the Wong wand is for planting right
there alright
okay best ride ever I swear more
vertical of everything flows like it was
like this it was like straight up like
this is like good we're so good there's
like songs you can pick which song we're
here and there's speakers medics your
seems like you can pick your song and
you just Alma some to impress right now
too many I'm cool ready hands at the
whole time someone months
oh my god guess where we are I'm
honestly fangirling way more than I
should be right now I'm too excited
oh my overwhelmed overwhelmed look at
this
oh my god oh my god oh my god look what
it is I ready
Christie oh my god humble the poet gonna
be too jealous right now
be jealous gonna be jealous all right
I'm up in Springfield right now he's up
in Rexdale son oh my god Duff Beer do ya
know people say the best day of their
life is like when they get married or
when they have kids or something up this
is the best day of my life right now
I'm in Springfield dude all I'm saying
is we all go through heartbreak The Rock
doesn't realize he loves me either
you'll be all right you know what I mean
she doesn't realize it now but he still
will come around it's good superwoman
legs just beer oh hey guys ready to get
wasted Bo's time let's check it out
we're inside Moe's Tavern hey my
treasure I choose you
okay we're about to go on The Simpsons
right life has prepared me for this
moment right now
last time okay so Springfield seriously
beyond expectations now we're heading
over to the Harry Potter segment I'm not
gonna last segment section headquarters
castle Hogwarts whatever it is I don't
know why I don't know too much about
Harry Potter but like I've seen a few of
the movies but like I think it's really
cool but I'm gonna pretend like I'm an
expert right now expelliarmus and
abracadabra abracadabra and
wizards with spells long beard what's
his name
Gandalf I mean Dumbledore whoever
long beard Santa carry Potter here we go
all right so here we are in front of
night bus I kind of know what that is
that's the crazy bus that goes really
fast right right great so we're going to
Diagon Alley right now I look alike
that is I'm assuming it's where you go
when you're when you die and then you're
gone so you go to the alley
nailed it Wow I know I recognize it's
all I recognize now leave when they come
together school supplies awesome
definitely done
expelliarmus that's the only thing I do
sway in one of the stores don't know
what anything is Weasley wizard wheezes
or something
check it out
yay leaky cauldron I recognize that wand
showroom spindle warps Lucia
I want to see this process okay cool so
we're turning on oh my god it's magic
it's magic
mr. tastes like magic Thanks
Jessica the magician
shall we $47 let's go
I'm an awesome hello everybody today I'm
Ricardo and he's been stalking me
love it love the dedication all right so
we're headed to this Transformers riding
this huge optimus fine
uber thing
or the miss cotterpin
build it up your planet belongs to me
okay so basically I just saved the
entire planet
long story short on these motions
stimulating rides I've stepped up their
game though so amazing I'm a transformer
OMG
Curious George goes to town please
excuse me as I live my entire childhood
right now why can't just be real life
just like why can life not oh and it's
raining Florida why you do this vacation
around to ready for the perfect dinner
of all time
coconut bottle you know how I feel about
coconut ball do not if you have met
coconut ball you might experience life
and BRB having the best time ever
okay Ellie and some low under stick luli
alright is 11 p.m. I'm heading to go
take a shower to wash my hair I swear to
God washing my hair because I have to
get my hair done the next day's like the
bane of my existence like so much work
meow
so I'm all packed up um I have to wake
up in about three hours
and wake up there's like no cabs in this
area of Orlando so my dad my
brother-in-law gonna drop me off at 3:30
in the morning
which I feel bad about but God dude you
gotta do um I'm nervous man
I'm nervous and you know one thing about
me is I'm really really good at putting
up a front like I'm not nervous you will
see me go to things and I will never
look nervous
I will I just have a way of putting up
that front but since I'm doing this like
real talk to the camera dude I'm nervous
it won't look like it tomorrow but like
I'm nervous
the streamys was on my vision board
Shahrukh was on my vision board Madhuri
was on my vision board the rock is on my
vision is like slowly slowly all these
things are happening and I feel like I'm
thrown on this rollercoaster ride or
like things I really want and dreams
always dreamt of are coming true and
it's so overwhelming exciting but also
terrifying it's like so terrifying when
your dream start to come true I'm so
grateful but I'm so scared at the same
time I'm just thrilled to be nominate
and I swear I'm not just saying because
like the right thing to say I'm a threat
like course winning would be phenomenal
but like I'm thrilled to be nominate cuz
I remember watching the streamys last
year and feeling so left out and
excluding being like Frick I really want
to be there and tomorrow would streamys
I feel really have mixed emotions for
leaving I mean
we still going to be in Florida for two
days I wish I could be with them I
really ever get to go on family
vacations but I mean I make sacrifices
like all the time and they're so
understanding about it and it's crappy
but you gotta do what you gotta do so
humble is gonna meet me tomorrow at LAX
at the airport and then our adventure
begins and I'm so glad you get to come
on it with me because I'm freaking
nervous and I need you to hold my head
I'm gonna try to sleep now although
let's be real sleep is probably not
happening I'm gonna try my best
um and then I'll see you in a few hours
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
