you I have no clever intro yeah so it is
not the morning at all it was like 5
p.m. I woke up a while ago
I haven't blogged up because editing
yesterday's vlog yadda yadda and also
because I'm feeling a bit under the
weather I don't know why it's kind of
crappy and rainy here which is probably
why obviously when you go on vacation
and it's rainy and crap you're like
really
especially me since I never go on
vacations like the one vacation I was
taking I'm like you won't rain right now
really really you won't worry right now
but I mean yeah I'm really good under
the weather
mmm I don't know why but I'm glad I get
to do daily vlogs and I'd always say
this like every vlog but this is
literally why I'm glad I get to do daily
vlogs is because I know other youtubers
have mentioned this as well is you've
you ever see a very modified version of
our life and I know Connor Franta has
talked Connor Franta
talked about this before as well you
guys see 10 minutes of us being very
happy but that's not our complete lives
and if you know anything beyond me
making Monday and Thursday videos and if
you know anything about me as a person
and my story ariana you know that I
started making videos because I I went
through depression and that came out of
depression in Deraa but this is me being
a real person and letting you know and
because a lot of people have told me to
talk about the issue depression anyways
because they deal with in the Lego not
like talk about a yada yada and I
generally don't because it's not an easy
thing to talk about and it's not it's
not fun and light-hearted and I like to
be fun and light-hearted but um
sometimes I do relapse into depression
and have depressing days and for no
apparent reason I'm upset and today
seems to be one of those days and it is
literally the worst feeling in the
entire world because you can't explain
it you're just upset and sad for
absolutely no reason and you like my
whole family's outside but I'm sitting
in my room I've been in my room all day
literally here alone for no reason and
it's been sucky so I finally decided to
pick up my vlog camera and um carry on
my day and try to get out of this as
hard as it is and if anyone who's ever
suffered from this knows what I'm
talking about you know how difficult
this current decision is me like no I'm
gonna go into the public and I'm going
to be okay so that's
experiencing right now I'm even sweating
talking butter right now because I feel
so anxious and nervous look at the side
of superwoman no I knows about I'm a
human being with stuff in my brain and
heart but that's enough about that when
I'm talking about that anymore because
we're gonna practice the law of
attraction I would be happy and if we're
happy then happiness will come to us so
that's what we're gonna do my change I'm
going to not be such a mess like I'm
being right now and then I'm going to
live my day and then hopefully when I
added this I have the courage to put
this part in so we're gonna go we're
gonna go to International Drive it's
like a place a whole bunch of really
really cool restaurants and cool things
and all that jazz when check that out
even though it's writing Putin stupid
we're still gonna do that I also want to
save that because I just sent that all
to you and I expressed at all
I actually feel 10% better so thanks and
this always helps
just then look at my nephew's hair and
how much wicked it is oh yes I bought
mine say black Mon that's right you
heard one yes what I'm eating I can't I
can't get enough oh you okay
even if you both love goldfish crackers
he actually is the one who got me hooked
on them no Adam no two color goldfish
crackers you gosh I hope I'm happy high
five done last night hair color yeah
okay what about a gein gein what color
is this I'm not going I'm nothing
so it's raining again but don't worry
don't worry because patio seating is
available so at this really fancy time
restaurant and guess what I'm gonna say
right now I'm gonna eat everything
because I'm so hungry
yeah you know you hear they can see you
right to fish island
ah
all right so we got some fancy machine
thing and since Caesar salad and are
gonna comment below saying Caesar salads
not vegetarian s anchovies I don't wanna
hear that right now so don't comment
because I want to so I'm so full but I
can still breathe I can't ovary the
reason why because they're creme brulee
here and I'm about to get all the creme
brulee and I favor dessert in the world
is creme brulee my voice is cracking
frog
these are frog in me like kiss it
Disney's brainwash me see doesn't he
makes me do stupid things kissing or
whatever we got five dessert sampler
since the most beautiful set I've ever
seen in my life I know and it's this big
maybe they have like these little cups
right yeah that was good my head hurts
I'm such a migraine right now it's
killing me
sitting in my room again today has been
a tough day I don't know why I don't
know why um today's vlog also sucks this
is why did today tomorrow though should
be better I'm going to Universal so get
to check out a whole bunch of Harry
Potter stuff and since and stuff and all
that jazz um I'm gonna stop vlogging I'm
gonna edit this I'm going to listen to
some music
meditate figure out my emotional state
right now and make sure I'm happy cuz
that is my priority
look at me Alchemist that's okay um and
that's gonna start with me going and
eating some Lucky Charms
so I have to hope you have a good night
I'm sorry today's vlog sucked an auction
lot sorry to be honest this is we have
days like this I'm not gonna sugarcoat
it and make it seem like I de phenomenal
day if I didn't so we have days like
this where human worry I'm human you're
human we're human everyone's human it's
fine
but yeah cool just to give you a rundown
of what the rest of my day is gonna be
like tomorrow's Universal and then
really really early aka like late
tomorrow night I'm leaving my vacation
early and I'm flying to LA for the
Streamy Awards which are taking place on
Sunday which you can watch live on the
Streamy website because lat is nominated
for Best Original Song and hopefully we
win but you know it's awesome to be
nominated so that is what's happening
and yeah all right then I'm gonna go I
hope you've had a better day than me and
if you did it tomorrow will be better if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
