Hey so I'm alive it's not the morning it
is 4:30 p.m. I did just wash my hair
initially wasn't going to vlog today
because I woke up and I was feeling like
death and you saw the way the vlog ended
yesterday and I also didn't post a
Monday video and I was like huh but I'm
feeling a little bit better and to be
honest when I do things like this and
action makes me feel better because it
makes me be alert and on and so I've
decided this won't need to stop I
decided to vlog so hello and welcome to
my vlog it might not be as high energy
because I am feeling sick my throat is
hurting you can probably tell I sound
like a man um and yeah but a few
exciting things are happening today I've
done a little bit of work since I woke
it up I feel absolutely terrible like
usual for not posting a video yesterday
on my main channel but I woke up and I
literally felt like when my vlog ended
yesterday and I was like what's happened
like I felt like I didn't know where I
was didn't know was going on I was like
no I just sleep so I really apologize I
know you I say you don't have to
apologize and still I'm really sorry if
you were looking forward to the video
didn't come up there's a mall so going
back to LA to shoot more I love makeup
so many things going on today hum was
coming over later cuz finally finally I
got the last shirts to sign for all the
winners so we're gonna sign those
collectively sorry it took so long but I
travel so much let's hard for me to be
home and actually sign them um so that's
going on today and a whole bunch of
other work to do and it should be a
pretty low-key day but uh hopefully we
can spend it together okay oh so she
Jill oh my god me look so fog Li um I
have really had a productive day the
body freakin hurts and it massage but I
don't wanna go massage because I'm gonna
I want them to rock me up or like touch
my body oh uh hmm
I'm going to do you know it is I'm sure
you do the same thing we have so much
work to do you like one do the fun
things first obviously so like I save
all the like administrative email crap
till the anims like now I have all that
stuff left over so I just need to open
up a rock star and get to it my room
with all the disaster I need to like
pack for Thursday and you know me before
I pack after cleanup as well as though
my dad bought me a whole bunch of iPhone
Chargers from his work it's okay
and I love it so I mean we're set on the
iPhone front now they've been ripping a
lot today I'm sorry that's right that's
right I need to go potty do you guys
ever get weirded out like cuz I'm pretty
like I share a lot of information with
you if I have to burp her like poopy
like I tell you is that so where do you
guys feel like oh my god why she because
like I feel like we're friends and I can
tell you if I need a bulb I need to poop
I feel like you should know is that just
me
you're not well let me know comment
below so working on stuff and being real
productive we're real real productive
I'm getting put a lot of emails I'm
going through this thing I'm doing it
humbles on his way over to me in 30
minutes I'm gonna sign these shirts with
his fancy silver marker that he has I'm
feeling a bit better I can take medicine
before I sleep so that I sound more like
a woman but Lucy I don't know if you're
watching this you bag if you live in the
LA area I'm having a meet-up it's
absolutely free on October 7th at 3:30
p.m.
then Glendale Nordstrom the information
is on my Instagram my Twitter and all
that stuff so if you live in LA I wanna
meet and greet your face alright your
face just let you know look how come my
phone always a so rude when I'm talking
to you're my silent this issue I'm
talking to my BAE right now this look I
always look so crafty when I talk to you
I hope that's okay because I think we're
friends I'm back to remedy to back to
let me that's ready to feel better maybe
I need a bottle of rum your mom gave you
better run real quick sir
so let's discuss my last Instagram
picture where I look really pregnant so
my assistant sent me this and I looked
at it and I knew I looked I look
pregnant but I was like don't get it
twisted I approved this picture and I
was like I look kind of like I have a
belly like a pop but not that I'm fit or
anything but in this picture basically
my shirt is tucked in and it's making me
look pregnant
and I knew this when I saw it but I was
like I just go ahead and post it I'd
only give enough shows you I give zero
FS but I will address one thing my
armpits look so white boy that's
Photoshop
don't be thinking my pits look like
that's why Photoshop my armpits but not
my belly just so we're aware of my
priorities right now so yeah you're
wondering why I look pregnant in my
picture I'm not pregnant it's my shirt
tucked in what's up so I just want to
point out to you that humble homeboy
supposed to be at 9:00 and then at 10:00
he said be there in 30 minutes
now it's 11:30 3 so aside from stealing
cupcakes humble the poet deserves the
award but they see standard time yeah
that's a lie right there I'm gonna start
eating my saga non right now I know the
second I start eating this dude's gonna
ring my doorbell I ain't got none for
you so it's gonna be real awkward it's
gonna be real awkward jaw this got look
at me eating my sagar non he's here I
ain't got none involved for everybody
bro we get that all Tareq it's a guy man
this guy just died look at this guys
good step this is the one 9 o'clock
and the smile this happen guy does I
think are you doing good how are you a
meeting song or not and I don't have
enough for you bro so like this real
awkward not really what I don't maybe
I'm having saga no I mean I might have
an on alright so little a shirts now you
know they're authentically being signed
by humble and I we hope there's enough
in here because you two later button one
side all these shorts Nokomis straight
to the last shirt winners
sorry for the delay right maybe they
should vote was a better signature yeah
done
you signed them all so now you can see
authentic very thing humble poet I mean
mine is better but it's all good not
even close something better what do you
mean mine is a heart and xoxo Rosa heart
what do you mean it's not top of the eye
it's darling the I come on your daughter
I dotted every I with the heart both
double they will go to her woman a white
lily s okay like they give you initials
this is the person supporting are you
this is the person ridiculous as hell
oMG lol you only write initials you
ridiculous yeah right there Oh MJ so hum
oh just tell me something new and I feel
you all need to know humbly so a unicorn
company is a company that raises gets
themselves worth a billion dollars
in the first 10 years something like
Facebook YouTube Twitter these are all
and I work with all of them confidence
I think freaking not slam slam this has
been learned 101
yeah
