morning we're going to Florida today so
once again I've woken up looking like a
mess but doesn't matter you know why cuz
I'm not tired
I guess re-energize and so good because
I'm getting sleep I'm not unpacking yet
so what I'm gonna do is I'm to get I'm
gonna wash this first wash all this then
up and then I'm going to finish packing
and then yeah my mom also made me a
little bit of lasagna which is like the
greatest thing because I love me some
Lissa Guinea so first things first I
jump in this shower
this isn't shower oh I didn't stop
pressing record dammit I'm so excited to
go to Disney World
what about our reference as we have
noticed Bob Marley is my hair washing
music that's what's up
imma go eat something now all that this
Agni so yesterday I was walking to a
halt I banged my knee on this chair
right here
leave it reenactment I went breathe and
I thought it was no big deal but now my
knees kind of hurting so hope it's not
gonna like give me problems and I'm
walking around with Mickey and Minnie
and ish cuz like bro got all this water
being so rude my bra line being so that
everything being so rude so let me break
this down for you okay I love my mom's
cooking I think my mom's a phenomenal
cook I specifically love her lasagna she
may go Barmes
veggie lasagna so she made it for me
when I came back home and the kids ate
it so she made me this individual
portion of lasagna just for me to eat
before we leave today isn't my Mott
ladies and gentlemen my mom let's go
just tell her how phenomenal she is
mommy
you're phenomenal she's chillin okay so
a little lasagna my to warm it up to me
and work it up for me
but it fit tastes better when you warm
it up my mom's the best I'm so full I
can't
Braila I need to put this on her shirt I
don't wear it every time I eat all right
let's say hi to our dear friend that we
haven't seen in some time
oopsie whenever we come in honors room I
have to switch the calendar because nan
R was very adamant on the calendar
always being uncorrected so always make
sure it reflects the right time so let
me just switch this is September really
quickly there you go September and honor
don't forget my birthday salad why six
not always be forgetting my birthday a
miss you know honor going to Florida not
going to Florida to see megamouth and
snow white snow white in the seven small
men that you like they will be there
I'll take a picture just for you uh-huh
I will see you in a little bit I say bye
properly to him later because every time
I go on a trip I have to say bye to
honors but we're gonna go finish packing
right now
yes I'm pretty much done packing I got
some really cool the mail so for those
that don't know me my mama sponsor a
child in India her name is Mosco and I
just got a updated picture of her this
is Miss Karen
he's young cute she was awesome I'll
show you what she first looked like when
we first started bothering her this is
the first picture was gone he was more
is the second picture of Muskaan is the
third picture of moose cow and this is
the most up-to-date picture was good
Hey she's so cute and adorable
admittedly I haven't written her in a
while or scent or anything but I
wouldn't do that when I come back do
that when I come back and also I get to
visit her one day that'd be super cool
because I know you can set up things
where you can like visit your sponsor
child I've also been thinking about
sponsoring another child as well I just
gotta see if it's feasible or not for me
but yes that's the cool pretty cool
thing who's gone in her little dress
being all fabulous be not fabulousness
gun all right so I headed to the airport
and my parents are in absolute chaos
I'm plugging all the plugs out of the
walls and acting like they're moving
away for ten years whereas me something
solves all the time I'm standing you're
like can we go so we're at the airport
top on top Pearson Airport
hi guys excited excited yeah you don't
sound excited yeah yeah turned out okay
so I got my goofy sweater on you know
goofy goofy sweater do you do that how
are you team super because my nephew
loves goofy and I'm hoping he'll love me
more if he sees me in the sweater that's
the plan
my parents are just stressed right now
not me not me not me
the old ways
because they think that life or book
tickets or something and a thing he
thinks you have to book tickets in my
mom how I - turn my dad a little bus I'm
cool you I know my nephew scream ha ha
ha hey Disney you say MA see my money
don't destroy the cat's don't destroy
him okay
give me high five first that's right
letting me meet my jelly bean sure I
mean yeah it would be a jelly bean thing
logically you you're so cute - the most
handsome man in the whole world in the
whole world be jealous dump your
boyfriend's right now because my
nephew's are hotter than them huh
so we're all checked in ready to go and
I'm hungry
so I'm gonna get something for the plane
I'm excited we get there like in the
evening so today is kind of like a
write-off but tomorrow the festivity
starts tomorrow going to Magic Kingdom
and then the next day I through burn
Universal so agreeable
we're basically ordering everything at
Tim Hortons everything everything you're
using a trend of these Lanza order
everything can't finish everything can
breathe is the trend they're fighting
over who's paying right now typical
Indian things gone down in the airport's
right now so we're on the plane you have
a really big feeling
no one's listed next to me really
excited late I don't bloody so I hope no
one sitting here I'm really happy here
it was chaos to get on the plane with of
civilian things with two kids but we
made it so two car seats double stroller
two kids and one two three four five six
adults that's what we just put on the
same basically our entire village is
going to use that world right now you
excited yeah oh I'm so surprised you in
this what I'm saying yeah excited who
did knee yeah say Disney deihi do you
don't think I'm cute subscribe because
my nephews are cute
shameless plug how you could be Aussie
excited excited
so close be taking my Cana uses my
invitation we take off
nay Oleg
move steeds down by the window getting a
pimple right here and it kills thought
you should know
because if not bay we're in the sky
together
we're in Florida I don't know how loud
and be a can't hear anything at all so
if I'm screaming that I'm sorry and if
you can hear me then I'm sorry but yours
are so plug my ears gotten pretty used
to this like flying on stumps I'm
surprised they're plugged but right now
legit can't hear anything
let me try - I'm good I'm good let me
try - unpop my ears not not working now
we're going back we're doing
okay okay so we're in the house I write
to see our room for next couple days
it's pretty fun you do pretty funky
ready gah
we have a bunk bed one for me and one
for you which one do you I got tired and
Bardock we're gonna have a party turnt
up it oh good tired of it
we go turn right yeah we go turn up we
go
this can be Jonah's little place right
here Jonah that's yours okay okay okay
yeah okay he likes spider-man a lot so
ever gonna have spider-man on he's
attacking which is where we at with a
little carnival spider-man just let me
check the closet real quick for monsters
one he's clear he's clear all right guys
so when we conclude every day's vlog
we're gonna sit in the little carnival
tent and conclude the vlog like adults
like adults okay anyways we've made it
to Florida I'm about to
yeah Jonah that's right I'm about to
unpack my stuff and call it a night and
two hours day one of Florida so yo stay
tuned for falls adventures Jonah doesn't
know how that just scared the crap out
of me Jorah didn't want me to be in
there because he thinks it's scary in
here and he wanted to save me so he
doesn't want me to be in there so we're
gonna quickly just say if you like you
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe I'm going to bed
yeah I'm actually scared of clowns get
me the F out of here
what up top bunk
