if I was a McDonald's combo I would be
the mick sleepy yo I'm so tired I went
to bed 6 something and it was 11:00 got
like less than 5 hours of sleep just a
toothpaste in my mouth
Mindy we are this is what this is what
we're doing today we're gonna go to my
cottage I have a cottage about an hour
away from my house that's been renovated
we're going to go to my cars check out
because I haven't seen it yet my parents
only recently bought it and I saw when
they first bought up or now it's been
renovated apparently and I'm not seeing
it so I'm gonna go see the cottage with
my parents in I'm in and I and then I'm
gonna come back home and I've been work
to do then tonight we have a TDOT
meeting and it's at laser Quest so I'm
gonna go shoot some holes finish yeah ok
so at the cottage
this tree is my friend cheese half and
and this is my cottage we're gonna go
inside I'm so mother friend died right
now that we're gonna go inside
are you sure it's a minute away from the
beach
it's lip dad looks loose the water over
here Wow
look this is a neighbor's ball instantly
cooler than us this is my cottage this
is where I'm gonna have parties this
mind is my guitar with one hand we it
was cold in this house right now this
blanket is my best friend in the whole
world right now the almond did you know
your man does did you just never read it
are you the grenade I know there's not a
camera on the other side I figured it
out
this one's been trying to troll me I
know if I do this you know was on you
again
what on earth are you doing
you're universally challenged
this is what happens and I'm really
really sleepy
Hyundai Hyundai okay so we're leaving
the cottage we just came for a quick
trip I gotta head back because I gotta
run a few errands before the meeting I'm
in deep bought me this cool birthday
gift it is so if you follow my tweets
I'm always complaining on my phones
always dying my phone is always he
bought me one of those cases that's also
a charger and it's pink
so like we'll charge my phone the case
will charge my phone so basically like
two batteries now it's friggin wonderful
thank salmon hmm no problem you're
welcome you're you're welcome thanks so
much for the gift you're all right
you're right UK bloke all right
yeah man thanks so much all mornings on
the quiz drew Bravo just huh wheezing
bro what whoa what's going on here what
do you mean
are you doing going imagine I'm not here
going hunt you and yet honestly today I
am just so tired like I'm sorry I keep
taking ten million apps wherever I can
I'm so tired I'm heading to my TDOT
meeting before the actual meeting of a
pre meeting with the committee wearing
my t-shirt yeah though see I don't know
tdawg Bhangra is the power of
competition I hold every year it's the
fourth you're doing it here in Toronto
because I'm so passionate about kids
being able to dance and supporting the
arts like whether male female whatever
just like kind of supporting it so um
you have a meeting with oxygen with him
but the good point is the good part is
I'm taking over all I'm taking all the
leftover food to this meeting I have so
much work to do when I get home yeah I
was the first part of our meetings that
so I bought fashions which is armors
clothing stores of use I'm sick Indian
outfit and ting rubs you know I forego
I'm actually really hungry right now you
also really hungry
I'm most really really hungry hmm how
are you I'm good how are you good
misters we got all these folders to work
in so much work going on up in here
prepping for the meeting that's my name
that's what's up
that's a wheeze that laser Quest right
now best way to build team spirit is to
shoot each other
scientifically proven by superwoman so
we're gonna have a meeting for an hour
that we're gonna play some games
leftover food from our game everyone
thinks I bought it just for them
thank simmers here was watching
jacketing yeah dad you know what's up
you know what's up he's about to get
this party started standing that you
were to start this cheetah meeting
everyone
yo top watch your tongue
much fun they're lying down get Alliance
right here I think I shot her sometimes
but you know I want to roll I want to
goes one those hundred seventy one from
me sure yeah
all right so get this get this
this acting was so hot the game we bust
up resided and you probably need
stitches now because it's so deep in
disgusting over laser Quest over nasal
voices seriously and she just over it
laughing like I don't give no type of fo
not taking care of I'll be right there
not take care I'll be right there
now we're at a restaurant called Jack
Astor's I'm not sweating this just the
restaurants called look who's here make
this a meme there it is hi guys I shot I
shot people today
and we're just showing here everybody
eat
and remember time and yeah I'm making so
much food
yeah
and we're just having a great time
chillin he's on me again
no not me allow it mine I know you're
playing around with me again see that's
all that's on you
where's the camera here every time every
time there's one camera
- gets me every time I lose one but
sometimes she has its toll on you
all right so uh vegetarians got lettuce
wraps bowtie pasta and fajita half-dog
empanada they asked and put chicken
lettuce wrap so they're making it again
we go here day and by that I mean I went
took two bites and they self yeah I'm
finally home and ate out after so long
and I feel like crap but um I know I
cheated a little bit by eating out I was
starving and everyone was eating out but
I junk water I'm still drinking water
and just because I don't once doesn't
mean is downhill tomorrow he's at it
again
with the healthy eating I'm so tired you
can tell for my boys I'm so tired I do
have a whole bunch of work to do
actually have to send some emails edits
you and then do a bunch of things um
last night you know I just remembered I
had a dream I was in Ryan Higa 'he's
living room and i got hit by a tsunami
and I took a nap today and had dreamed
that I was it's so ratchet I had a dream
that I was with a guy and we had hired a
housekeeper I don't know why and we were
like making out or something I don't
know what happened so ratchet but then
the next few days I was looking through
my phone and I'm looking at one of the
videos and there's a video on my phone I
recognize I played it it's basically the
housekeeper like it's me and the dude
kissing but neither of us are taking the
video so she's taking the video of us
then she turns to herself and then she
turns to the right and the raca standing
beside her I don't know having some F
got dreams bruv but um I'm gonna do a
little bit work go to bed tomorrow I
gotta shoot some stuff for an audition
I'm totally open about these things I'm
taping something for an audition um I
don't think I'm going to get it but I
mean I need to get use fetish thing for
things and get over the fear of that
kind of stuff so I'm doing something the
role has swearing in it which is like I
don't know how to swear some have a
teach myself real quick for the sake of
that role but
yeah that's oh shut up I'll tell you all
about that tomorrow thank you for
joining me another diva needs long Anejo
getting greedy you need me and if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe at all right well ah I wish up
my nose
