I have no idea what sleep is so I am
heading downtown right now and my eyes
are burning so badly I feel like I don't
know last time I got a full sorry I'm
just blogging about me
yeah I feel like I don't remember the
last time I got a full night's sleep
last night I got two hours sleep but
tomorrow there's potential to sleep in
those are working towards actually
really bad because I've postponed on the
ASAP science guys like a bajillion times
with all the doctor kappa stop going
around things you know I love I love I
love the ASAP science was I really love
a play were in that and they played the
director the PA and just Greg in which
are my fav my faves so I'm adding over
there we're gonna do a video about pay
me and so obviously well so my call also
today is daddy's birthday and we're
going up for dinner wake up Willie wake
up wake up wake up Willie wake up wake
up wake up wake up lily lily lily wake
up my god Lily my god it's a seam in
there place what am i doing where am i
what's happening what's going on
Who am I what is my life I love I love
introduce ourselves
I'm Mitch and one 1/2 ASAP science hi
I'm great in the house and I love that
but they're both my boyfriends it's so
cool you guys know where I shoot what
the hell why Ravis I'm looking for water
waiting here for me they're just these
white people man they're great they're
great Hey so we're shooting wood we
haven't done much we have done my mine
but look I'm so interested to set up my
skin look at all flowers on this camera
ish frigging scones and hot choc gets
wild up and young and spoiled right now
phenomenal so we just shooting something
English so we just finish it
we just finished you do but do you know
what still well honestly I'm not even
saying this cuz the blogging cameras on
it's so good when you collab with people
and it's like there's a common respect
was like you do your thing where do I'm
going to work together cuz sometimes get
awkward I know if you've done awkward
claps we were like that many clothes
yeah and my other is on a white
background and far away from us you were
like you mean a promise if so make sure
check out their channel Belize in the
description and watch out for the video
we don't know what's coming up but
patience is a virtue um guys I'm back
home I'm so tired I'm gonna take a nap
probably and the cat right here as a
goal I'm so awake him to get home to so
much work and I'm home and I'm just like
horizontal um I had a great time
shooting with ASAP science I love Greg
enriched they're just such sweet people
I got there and they were so like hey so
thank you so much for coming like
they're just they're so sweet like there
aren't you so sweet
I just can't explain this is really
genuine people really giant people I
really like them and honestly if you
haven't checked out the channel they
make really cool excites videos like fun
science videos like the doobly things
like why do we die it's like a quick
video it's just it's really cool I like
a lot so I'm still I got to see them um
yeah I'm gonna can nap today's video day
so I'm gonna do that but first nappy
time then we have daddy's birthday I
think okay I'm trying dad I'm not
speaking English no more I'll going go
to sleep now bye also minor detail I
have the entire world's hairspray in my
hair right now like there's 500 pounds
of hairspray in my hair right now so
that's what's up so that's what's at me
say it do you Sam yes at okay so it's
5:00 p.m. and it's have one question for
you to just she's just one question this
is the one question what is my life what
is my sleeping schedule who am i what am
i what am I even doing you know
look like you're over there and I'm over
here I was like what what is the meaning
of life you know I get up dog I ready
because ever going for dinner but my
daddy's anybody ever even started my
video I posted today's vlog but we'll
figure it out
yes I'm all ready to go I'm all about
big shirts bad parents to keeping a
crisp I have made a quick phone call to
my lawyer to do with some legal stuff
and there we go head to dinner I still
haven't even gone downstairs and said
happy birthday to my dad because I'm a
terrible daughter but I'm going do that
so come on dad this is basic basic you
didn't actually okay buck naked oh okay
thank you oh thank you oh god gag
so we're especially when my favorite
places to eat the whole family my
nephews are here to understand you know
trouble and if you know anything about
me you know I'm obsessed with my nephews
I love them like in my opinion my two
baby nephews are the most handsome men
in the entire world I want to date my
nephews pretty much anyways I might eat
all the food right now because guess
what I haven't eaten anything all day I
know I'm sorry
don't yell at me mom don't yell at me
I'm scoring socially sushi guess what I
want to say guess guess yeah um zone
phone can't brain that
you're gonna say something that's you
thanks little so fun I've so much fun
that I can't breathe my stomach is
shrinking
no matter how soulful well I ordered a
coconut cream pie so be your bees yeah
no worries let's do it oh thank my
camera my son's just amazing such a good
job which me Melissa Melissa rocked it
she made me fat thanks mom I might as
well figure who's my real sister EVER
eyes asks his next to the vlog she just
got really she's scared she's camera shy
I guess she feels really awkward people
asking pictures I got a notice with my
hand and I don't know what to do what I
just and the stands are awkward me like
well that's my real sister first time
I've ever showed her so you saw here
first
awesome woman vlogs dress a Larry um how
did this happen Oh No Lily no it's video
Jay get up get up
yep don't you dare check your phone to
see what time just to see if you can
take a nap don't you dare say that
you're gonna set your alarm for 30
minutes at a 30 minute nap don't you do
that because you know it's not gonna
happen
see you in 30 minutes it's 11 p.m. I
can't I can't so I decided to do
something I've been debating to do for a
real long time and today I'm dying to do
it I need to go on a vacation cuz I'm
the type of person where I can go
anywhere I'll still do videos it doesn't
matter if I should take a break I'll
still buy monday-thursday videos I'm
just like after one but if there's if
you September 13 to Florida with my
family on Wednesday I think I think I
should take the opportunity to just take
a week off and say you need to make
videos Monday and Thursday videos you
can just kind of relax and do your thing
so that's what I'm about to announce
right now in main channel because I'm
honestly shutting down I need to nap I
need to sleep and he just a week of Zen
so that's no I'm gonna announce on my
main channel right now and then I'm
gonna go back into bed because I can't
function
so I just posted my video announcing my
break and of course because you're all
so wonderful I've gotten nothing with
supportive tweets and commenting take
the braids take the break it's ok we
love you and I love you guys so much
you're so supportive so I guess my
vacation officially starts now so I
don't worry or feel pressured by the
video for Thursday and I can just pack
and do things I can sleep I'm kidding I
have to send a few emails right now but
still I feel I feel like I'm on a break
and it feels great thank you so much for
being so patient um tomorrow my whole
days can sing of packing and doing a
billion things I'm going to Florida on
Wednesday straight from Florida I'm
going to LA and I might even go to New
Jersey I've live just don't know I have
a billion things pack what a billion
things to do but I want a break I want
to break and I started to communicate
with you though my vlog channel so I'm
still very happy incoming life Florida
adventure with me win go to Disneyland
together yeah so let me just tie
something real quick my favorite author
of all time is Sophie Kinsella she's the
author of the sob sob sob Roma the
shopaholic series um and I haven't read
her latest one which is like blasphemy
because I saw it at Sandy's house smells
like I've not read this one so I started
reading it and this is one of the
reasons I haven't been getting a lot of
sleep because I love her books she's so
funny and I can't stop reading it so I'm
reading mini Shopaholic right now it's
so good
I'm gonna read it right now just
leisurely and that's what I'm gonna do
and then we need to sleep so uh that's
pretty much all for today um hope you
have a wonderful day and I hope you're
happy and hope you're smiling in the
nac√≠ tomorrow for the day I'm Kalin's
alright don't forget if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
