I'm ready for the red carpet take my
picture
also diode can you see me sketching
above no okay then that's fine but yes I
gotta get up take a shower ahead to my
hair appointment make an appointment
today is red carpet premiere day but
that's what I'm doing my whole days
dedicated towards trying to look
fabulous for this red carpet so yeah
also saw in yesterday's vlog you guys
commented thing you're concerned with my
sleeping and eating patterns I'm gonna
try doing better for you I'm gonna go
out breakfast right now because you care
about me and so I'm gonna care what
would you say and I'm gonna go have
breakfast and make myself a breakfast
mom can you make me breakfast can you
make me breakfast mom and my respond
clients mommy made my pancakes thanks
mom I'm so excited one eat the pancakes
drink some milk then go take a shower
and chain my baton aunty it's like can
you guys even understand what I'm saying
anymore just a series of noises ping
gang the bed pan yeah no yeah
yes I'm about to get my hair and makeup
all day lacrosse fancy little do my hair
Sara samurai should be in the B town
area right here you'd be able to see how
fabulous she makes me look at each other
all of this is going on my body and face
I'm so excited
okay okay I feel so bad because my hair
so dirty not a good chance to wash it
not just for her hands all over my
worthy here
okay so he say Wow oh snap look at my
hair all dead who that who that i-g-g-y
or the sweet little her return so some
piston work look Sarah Sarah is making
me all that and a bag of chips right now
huh
no you took my face my eyes are getting
dead and Uncle John there's something
you don't know my life you don't have to
hide your face every time your birthday
they see me all puggly every day your
court isn't she gorgeous comment below
sing out gorgeous year ha ha ha skg
stylist makeup artists everyone's
getting me dead who do I think I am
right now who I think I should go back
to camp Adama right now does red carpet
laughs I think I am Rana okay Shawn I am
my Catwoman somewheres so I'm doing my
lips last because she's something like
everyone that works with me they know
I'm a hot mess and I'm very unladylike
and they know that I'm gonna go and like
scratch my bum wipe my nose where my
lips and like just everything absolutely
like right before you leave we'll do
your lips and then just they all just
normal masses this really they
accommodate to that their comedy to me
being a hot mess and I appreciate that
yeah and now Sandy's getting herself
dead oh yeah
back she's scared okay so just go to
Sandy's house and the limo is already
outside and this is what I'm wearing
so bye so is finally ready I can't walk
heel so I'm walking with no shoes on
right now because we keepin it classy
open her freaking classy I'm wearing a
dark lipstick that I don't know how I
feel about but I mean everyone saying it
looks good and I'm like a one-piece so
we for some reason are having a limo
because Tia things without fabulous so
we're going in a limo so that's what
we're doing or dying right now and we're
continuously walking jumping over the
photo goober look close ooh oh this is
Jess hey just take nature thing that she
does it's truth damn thug taking - oh my
back OH - pops oh oh the belt ready
popped everything popped everything's
going wrong so a family the rapper just
basically I'll be all the know I mean it
speaking Punjabi English we're okay it
started out the scene right then you
kick their Morton's or no autogas in Oh
check it out Oh Oh God yes I need the
ground
so I'm losing chaos right now because
daddy's makeups not done to use one's
own mother legs on my back propped open
everyone's account my cookies right now
everything's going wrong right now is I
mean
Oh
this is the biggest most crowded limo
everywhere bunched up into the corner my
people might be hurt but that's okay
because we're gonna pretend like that Oh
congratulations thank you so much so
doesn't matter for the red carpet I'm
still there stall Franz okay hold on
I can't walk alright so they're in the
movie theater how much the move for the
first time I mean have a really small
role but I'm still really excited and
home alone with the popcorn and I
explained to him on the floor she's
explained by mixing the butter needs to
be layered if you come back at the
butter naan later on prepares bro I'll
be dressed
I'll take these heels off and they will
up your nose okay layered butter layer
gonna be a competition who gets kicked
out of this movie first
okay the pasta will be layered the
popcorn will be delicious as per wind
rises' double straw we're eating it up
big I wanna go to a two hands
okay I hold one hand you failed is that
the only reason I get to sit beside her
cuz I am the keeper of the popcorn yes
yes my parents are here are you excited
to see the movie yes a minute for three
seconds yeah but a very not these are
giving us if we have a small only like
to have speaking lines that's cool but
it means a good experience hey yeah hey
my lipstick don't you know really my mom
usually hates when I were talking end up
so won't you predict how hot is my mom
though I'm showing you my mom with Julie
for the first time problems to take it
all in folks take it all in take it all
in see about
Oh Sims here as well since Oh sup he's
taking up four seats but you know haha
you're very dashing you're very good
thank you
alright that's all it's time to assess
situation so what I told the the popcorn
lady is my date is crazy she'll cause a
scene she doesn't have get created for
dating you if I was crazy for dating
crazy good tape so you're confident your
ability to done this I wasn't paying
attention if she did it or not what she
said she did it I stressed the extra
immortal all right he did well you did
well
ladies and gentlemen applause applause
good job pass
hey I'm liable I'm a reliable good I'm
gonna use pure that I just saw the movie
I got acted really liked it I really
liked the movie I really liked the movie
like I do I would but I actually really
liked the movie and I'm at the end
credits my name is like sucker and it
was like super when I was like oh my god
it's so real everything's so real right
now we're just in the movies guys like
it last day - you killed it my favorite
part was Tia Lily thanking all yeah
Kunal did so well specific mention all
killed it can I'll killed it which thing
just loved it awesome Sam would you take
Molly up there hello
really good movie I enjoyed it Lily all
she did a good job
oh thank you you heard it here first
crimson Buller
there it is yeah it was like we'll talk
about this later when we're alone
we're really barefoot I'm not going some
french fries and cross my legs burp a
lot
I'm about to get real right now it's the
real me I cannot with these shoes I
cannot I cannot did you know that high
heels were invented by men for men yes
this is true he's angry humble is that
person just goes random box name another
random fact carrots aren't good for your
eyes and cracking your knuckles is not
bad for you you heard here first jazz
doesn't agree what will happen next you
don't asada all right so we're heading
to a bar to eat and stuff like that up
flip flops out I'm so close like this
yeah you an older dog we I just jumped
in as I said I do going to a place
called real sport book I said brah
real sports bra we went to real sports I
don't feel like that the first time I've
made that mistake you know real sports
bar bar by my tips - you don't drink you
know that and it's closed schmuck
nothing I just want to see to walk under
this
roll your thinking then it's my fisheye
lens is really this top so tired
aw doesn't the fact the thing doesn't
move gonna get away from the door
all boyfriends and girlfriends whose
parents are no let them stop holding
hands all right so now right Jack
Astor's which is a random restaurant and
I'm wearing flip-flops of a gazelle
Philly yeah oh my god just gonna do that
pal
so pretty good so freakin good by Jack
answers we can draw on the table here
and much order some food and some drinks
yeah monkey Tom means so much there's
jumpsuit will not fit me anymore which
is already the case but it won't fit me
even more than right now we're gonna
crash there Hsu guys I really like jack
jessee's very much stuff going on me
with this individual appreciate like
middle before that's kind of tsunami
yeah I do like her by me like she's so
cool I don't care she's a little bit
scary like I'm kind of gonna beat me up
sometimes
oh hi Google hey I want a something I
think you have really nice
damnit mess with a joke perfected hey oh
I tell you something I think you have
what are you good
hello I'm chained in two comfortable
clothes I took my hair and was the best
feeling in the world when I was like
stuck in this form and it won't move but
it's so good for my hands man oh yeah oh
yeah so good I'm headed home now it's
2:30 a.m. I have to wake up quite early
I have a collab with mouth ASAP science
so another night of not too much sleep
but I mean I guess I just just be used
to it by now tied at home feeling very
overwhelmed I mean I knew I was in the
movie and you had a small rose whatever
but seeing myself on the screen was just
it made it so real seeing my name of the
credits made it so real and I was like
holy crap like dude like it was just I
can't explain it's just like just to
stop I kind of take a moment to actually
recognize and appreciate what's going on
in my life was just so awesome I really
got an OS and every time I say it again
my friends are just the best like the
way they're supportive what theatre I
come on screen they all start cheering I
go to an event they all wear superwoman
shirts they make new shirts for me
things just they're just they're so
supportive and it means the world to me
because they don't gain anything from
that you don't mean they're not gaining
anything for me being in a movie not
gaining anything from me performing at
events but they're just they're so
supportive and it's just literally
sometimes like going with them I just
stop and think and I just go into my
little zone cuz I'm just like these
people are freaking phenomenal so thank
you so much many my friends are watching
this you guys really I don't know where
the to serve you both my friends and my
viewers I just don't know what I did to
deserve you I just what is my life what
is my life I don't know what my life is
but I met at home right now I need
mother for gas all right story of my
life story of my life um so I'm just
about to edit I didn't post today's vlog
yet what am i doing so behind what am i
doing in life um just going through my
Twitter and all that stuff just
something interesting I want to comment
on that I continuously feel but I've
never got to express because I didn't
use to do daily vlogs any time I post a
picture of me dressed up there's
handful of people that say things like
and I quote don't dress up too
obnoxiously
it takes all the innocence and fun out
of your personality or like oh look now
you think you're famous and you're
dressing all differently and you've
changed I just want to make one thing
very clear I have not changed just
because I go to a red carpet event and I
dressed like a girl a girly girl wearing
high heels and makeup
I am so the exact same person I don't
know why it is that people think if I
dress up I've changed I'm a normal human
being just like everyone else when they
go somewhere nice they like to dress up
just like you just like everyone else
you know I also do the same thing so of
course I love to be my track pants on my
frigging hat and just begin chillin cuz
that's why I'm but if I go to a fancy
event I'm gonna dress fancy and that
doesn't mean anything about my
personality has changed or anything has
changed me just to get that out there to
me that's common sense but I mean if I
have to clarify that then that's okay
anyways I'm done for today hope enjoyed
today's vlog thank you for joining me
and one more thing and you don't forget
you
if you like it's good thank you
