happy stranger things day welcome back
to lacing clouds where we hustle
productivity lives here we won't have a
great day I can feel I feel good and
you'll wash my hair last night nothing
is oily nothing is crusty we out here
bad news the mission for today write a
script shoot a video check away the
house watch stranger things and you know
me I'm a vast range of things event and
it's gonna be so over-the-top and extra
I'm dressing up as 11 it's gonna be
amazing out here so strange it's gonna
be like stranger things or stranger
sings expect a whole lot of that I
finished my script and I really really
like it it's really good it's really fun
it's really different can't wait for you
see this is actually Thursday's video
one week from now cuz Monday's isn't it
Oh Mike I'm so I had hair big nails did
everything to actually is my makeup is
in my hair or my nose and I did but
y'all gotta make the booby action okay
boy so Vanessa's do they usually kiss
off these I guess this was a quick ass
kissing we yeah you make up movies will
be here
movies features on YouTube that's right
you don't care about that though that
doesn't matter that doesn't make you
watch if you don't know how you are know
what you want we know what you want
let's give it to him yeah want me to
kiss Tony
ancient sages direction I forget it you
get it yeah you getting is you're aging
and you're Asian you're a Jew yeah but
round people don't consider ourselves
Asians we never call ourselves Asians I
don't know I
mmm-hmm call you Asian I'm Pacific
Islander we've gone over this
step one step just a regular day at work
its marks the spot
Miami causa your moment I'm gonna be a
faceless let me see you're gonna do it
really it doesn't matter what your
motivation here hyun-jin carry the mass
oh yeah yeah yeah that's great like man
get them param do you like sausage huh
no weenies
well we yeah does my booty look okay
today it does I'm sure you know what a
cancel because these people keep working
around us where we do earlier this is
naughty stuff he doesn't naughty stuff
was we you an HR HR and action yeah keep
going yeah great
all right back to redeem yourself but
people this bad boy okay okay we go boom
let me see it I'm so turned on that's me
that's me oh all right we are rapid to
be the time to pursue these party let's
do it
alright time for me to be the biggest
nerd ever and change into costume
because I'm turning into a damn son come
on come on come on
I'm so cool also help set up Thank You
doll many ordered food Santa's in the
house
yeah can you right here MVP candy
Nonna's up in a place right here Joe I
don't know if you are cool this without
necrosis look insects yeah yesterday and
be recycled a also if you want to get
notifications on my vlogs I have a news
at the Bell make it big stranger dings I
like you because you have a nose
stranger flings I'm out of here
where's the exit damnedest sweetheart
egg friend your king's tailor made this
beautiful for everyone this is work
appreciate it doc can you stand in the
for please wow it's so good so good oh
wow so it's also a huge fire hazard but
oh wow dude you're down our door no I
want my new to walking dead on them guys
ready to watch it
Thank You Taylor thank you thank you
first of all look at this sweeter ting
right here this sound men right here
with the suit-and-tie regem come all the
way to oh sweet your Tang right here my
age and dim sum wait did you hear that
one a.m. it's so goddamn good my son is
doing so extremely well but the part
that lacks we had a replay on that lap
please I'm going to leave this all here
we made it till the end of that episode
we got four more left till I fell asleep
but I I'm gonna watch without him so
this is all stay I'm about to back to
that Ken I'm gonna dawn I made my own
choices that's what I'm choosing to do
right now Sam my house is really destroy
early Twilight age apart today tomorrow
I have a day all kind of I'll need to
write a script look through my emails
and do a few creatives which is pretty
big deal smile reset it get it back to
get it as a hot if a mess I could just
sleep in tomorrow as well I'm so excited
what video shoot range of things I'm so
proud of Noah if you haven't watched
range of things that he is killing if
you don't know why I talk about when I
say no by the way plays well buyers he's
awesome I collapse of last year he's my
sweetheart I love him so much
acting on point on point I'm so proud of
it for today
I'm not living for real thank you for
joining me on today it is the weekend so
we gonna hustle and do some leisure hope
you had a fantastic day
come on let me know how your day was you
I mean how you feeling what's
crack-a-lackin' let me know I'm your
friend
we communication and if you don't want
show you things come to let me know what
shows do you I recommend some stuff to
me and I've watched new stuff every time
I watch a show I think of new ideas for
myself too so don't and tell them all if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe damn son straight up y'all I
ate so much junk food just now my you
you feel like your teeth have a carpet
on them
that's my teeth like I need to brush my
teeth wash my face and tomorrow during
17 gallons of water and frigging
cleansing myself because I just had all
the sugar I have no regrets
