oh I did that thing again or I forget I
do daily logs so I woke up a while ago I
dropped home and oceany it is absolutely
freezing in Toronto hence the sweat
ridge and I prep the heat because I know
my dad's gonna come home and turn her
down so while he's gone I blast that ish
up today I got a whole bunch of work to
do it is video de v√≠deo day so I need
to make a video gotta do some work for
my upcoming partner competition for
those that don't know I do host T
Topanga which is Toronto's only annual
poker competition every single year here
in Toronto
so I'm one of the organizers as well so
I mean not a lot of work to do for that
it's coming up October 25th so that's
happening is video day tonight I'm gonna
go downtown because Yusuf aka fouseytube
has a show and I was like bro you know
I'm gonna come down and support you I'm
all about supporting the friends I'm
very ride-or-die like that so I'm gonna
go check out his show and support him
tomorrow
I'm in a king quiz it is come to Toronto
to visit so I'm gonna pick him up in the
airport there's so many things to do
other than I'm gonna bend it over below
but we don't do them all the most
important thing to remember here is that
on days like this you gotta just keep
going no matter what you do do not lie
down today is one of those days today is
just one of those days where I can't
think of a video idea I don't know a
whole bunch people want me to do bottom
teeth and my deeds love story and I see
that suggested she yeah I see that
suggestion not doing it because I want
to think of a really good concept every
time you guys really want a video I
don't like to just rush and put it out I
want to think of really good concept for
that and do it properly
um and I'm just like rattling my brain
because I can't think of an idea today
it's one of those days when people ask
me to interviews how do you think of
video ideas so one of those days where I
can't I can't um and like two hours have
to leave he's used to show and I haven't
started my video yet so I might have to
like shoot it before I leave in an
editor when I come back or something I
know do you gotta know then after like
clean my entire room um because
inquisitors go stay here for a few days
and I forget I need to like do my
laundry
and like this thing is still here and
like and I mean dal dal new so today's
video is going to be called types of
people on the dance floor or something I
can really relate to because I like to
get mugged I saw someone die answer my
danceOn um but at 6:30 so I'm not going
to be able to even record it beforehand
actually my brain is just been really
really slow today so I'm going to get
ready take a shower head downtown go to
u6 show come back after do my video
about that telling be like 11 p.m. it
will be late but I mean I do want to go
support use about a show so I'm gonna go
do that then yeah that's what's
happening so I'm gonna go get ready I
don't know what I'm gonna wear but since
it's winter outside maybe I'll wear when
my beanies and my freaking snow pants
every time I have meetups you guys give
me like the wickedest gifts ever so this
is a hundred reasons to smile one of my
fans came to me in a bigger one so
sometimes when I'm feeling stressed I
open or if you actually do use the
things you guys use me so um this is the
one that says today it says every great
dream begins with a dream always
remember you have within you the
strength the patience and the passion to
reach for the stars to change the world
thank you so much for those of you that
don't know when I ever have party so
what I have a birthday party or most
part just the lid birthday party a milly
party or whatever I actually do this at
my parties and I remember when I had I
to Millie party and I invited a whole
bunch of youtubers they didn't believe I
actually do this but every party I have
I actually have a box filled with
positive thoughts and so I go around the
party and I go can I offer you positive
thought and I make all people attend my
party have a positive thought pretty
cool right I'm aa new UK yep
hey smell I'm gonna go shower
sir you're in my cupboard right now and
I put on my deodorant my makeup real
quick just something I need to vent
makeup that comes unlike things like
this biggest scam ever so there's like
this much makeup in it and then when I
so quickly makeup it's like dude why are
you trying to make me go bankrupt now I
mean anyways his mouth is gonna from
this to make up and go ready steady and
actually no she just call me - okay babe
like where are you and I was like and
I'm really free late so let's go yeah so
we're here I'm just waiting for that to
come in who she is we're trying to
further where the side door is that
because I don't wanna cause what type of
ruckus um hey ha so we're trying for
this out right now what I don't know
where anything is really yeah is this
the building it's that big it's not
alone at all so this is the country for
though yeah it has to do something else
okay your beads we're trying to find the
side entrance it's freaking freezing its
friggin winter we ran into this absolute
buffoon right here hey hey guys what's
up everybody's saying that we're not
vlogging with each other we are now you
guys buffoon over here oh it's me oh hey
I thought you're pointing at him I get
why you're trying to find the side
entrance right now it's friggin cold is
f why did it do this let's go see you
said I'm gonna go I'm vlogging you do it
again sir
look at us all supporting each other
great I don't know who they were they
cannot do the point yeah he fully out
ten minute conversation me not awesome
oh you're in the vlog hi
what's yours thank you very much how are
you baby flowers of course how are you
good good good good
can we get everybody this right here can
you show your my body my entire pattern
I like this yet this oh wow yeah that's
the slope how much is their jump um it's
just one extra yeah uh minutes today so
I should go down yeah she's nervous
she's about to start
me
they're so nice
so this wonderful open for a scenario
since back very excited the use of show
I love watching other people shows so
inspirational isn't lovely to see what
they do you got a support I mean yes
Yusuf's mom is opening up the show I'm
crying I'm crying right now
all right so you something them kill the
show now we're going backstage to see
them before they do their meeting great
good job yes yes but still my favorite
part best part of the show yo back home
now um it is 11 o'clock oh damn have a
conference call in eight minutes okay
IVA commerce called eight minutes Ivan
eats up and there's my video I still
have a billion things to do but it's
okay because I want to make time to go
to use of show and just a quick mini
rant about this I try my best to support
people as much as I can because I'm a
very big believer and you got to support
people no everything's a competition and
like I feel like people are trying to
make people compete and pinch each other
against one another and I'm very like I
try to go to as many shows and other
youtubers as I can or like friends as I
can because of ended dates like I
believe one of the key success is like a
deep moment right now I truly believe
one of the keys to success iOS is
there's to actually work hard and be
nice to people and a part of being nice
to people is supporting them what they
do so Youssef did a great job he held it
down I was so happy I got to go and
support his viewers and fans the artists
were so supportive even to me being
there they're cheering and sounds a very
super cute I mean that's what spots like
support your friends support people
important to you like that support means
so much to people so it counts you know
I mean that's all I want to say that's
not always about like oh there's two
Brown youtubers three brothers or this
compare the moves bettin on and you have
to compare everyone there's enough room
for everyone succeed support people
that's all I want to say I got a
bajillion things to do so burb all right
so just finished shooting my video my
camera is doing this really annoying
thing where I keeps turning out or a
couple seconds so it took super long to
shoot cuz in the middle of my jokes and
be like stop stop recording God so night
when I was 1:30 a.m. and I'm starting to
edit it's gonna be so I'm going to edit
cuz there's so many small clips now
but wheeze almost done and then after
this I need to like wash my hair and
clean my room and I'm going to sleep
kidding you know my video is up if you
want to check out my video it is called
tides people on the dance floor you can
check it on my main channel the link is
right below in the description I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
look for a room it's kind of getting
clean look at that huh oh my god yeah
man I just put everything in those
baskets over there but that's not the
point because he's kind of getting I'm
gonna be able to sleep in my bed today
oh my god I'm so excited okay so the
progress is good I'm not feeling tired
yet its 3:19 a.m. um all right cool
noise fix this room gotta fix the room
amends gonna staying in and then I need
to wash my hair I want to slushy oh no
my skin is all oily because I put this
up anything on it yeah far far angle I'm
heading to bed now gonna edit this vlog
tomorrow I'm picking up I'm in at 3:00
look this is my room you can see it at a
great angle right now um and yeah and
then another adventure beans thank you
for joining me on today's vlog and I
have a wedgie
if you liked it subscribe if you liked
it subscribe if you like eggs and ha ha
