my uterus be mush up morning everyone I
am kind of ready I woke up a little bit
late so I wasn't able to do eyeliner and
all that but when there's no time for
eyeliner you just load up on the mascara
that's what I learn so I really tired my
stomach is working but it doesn't matter
I'm on my way to the YouTube space right
now to do my keynote speech I'm excited
I mean usually when I perform there do
stand motivational speaking I prepare in
like verse of the jillion times I didn't
do that for this but because I want to
be kind of organic and natural and I'm
talking about something that is my life
like I'm talking about YouTube as I feel
like it'll be fine I just hope I don't
pass though because my stomach hurts
final story years ago I actually did
faint on a bus because my stomach hurts
so much from my period yeah so I made
like against intense and Penn I'm having
breakfast today
I don't like blueberry muffins where are
those chocolate chips nah they're
blueberries can't trust anybody these
days
look at this cool room they've Sarah
it's so cool see this is what YouTube
does they do cool things like this cool
I was expecting some like stuck-up
conference room but no there's like cool
chairs and there's purple tables come on
we're having a great time I got my ears
here I'm highlighting my ears
i'ma talk to my ish it's gonna be good
yo so I just finished my keynote speech
and I hope I went what I think about
well they might think I'm really crappy
but you know what they're gonna cheer
anyway so check them out
sometime all the school people they're
so creative and YouTube take over San
dan okay so that's not really good I
mean whenever I do public speaking I try
my best to be like have this mentality
was like I'm not speaking down to people
and I'm not presenting sometime I'm just
making a bunch of new friends so I
really try to have that vibe so I let
people like ask questions whenever like
I try to get them to interact somehow
like raise your head of this much like
what about you guys what do you think so
I try and do that I think not really
well
I mean um hopefully I help them I mean
hopefully they gain some knowledge for
me it is so cold in the space I have
goose bumps I'm freezing cold like I
cannot run I cannot I'm just like so God
so basically because I'm at the space
all day I've just booked all my meetings
at the space so throughout the day
people will just come and meet me here
so that's what we're doing spend the
whole day at the spaceman later on this
evening I'm hosting their music night
actually so I'm gonna be hosting all
these people and they're gonna perform
and it'll be great so you can be part of
that to look at us like best friend my
buddy is fine and be friends with me me
please be Sarah's gonna take me to
Chipotle with the dirty clothes I drop
my phone I'm so excited to get me some
choppa choppa for those of you that are
wondering what the eff like why am I so
excited bunch potent let me break it off
break it down for you real real quick
okay so in Toronto the closest Chipotle
is an hour away from you and we don't
have Libya like two Chipotle's so I mean
the first time I even tried Chipotle was
a few months ago in LA and I just fell
in love with the rice bowl it's like the
greatest thing of my entire life I have
to pee but I'm really lazy and I Mothma
did it and I'm highly gonna regret it so
when you talk about me having to pee
later it's because of this bad decision
I'm making right now okay I just got to
Chipotle and
have to pee pee so badly why do I do
that
and everyone to comprehend what's
happening way
I am so excited I got I think I'm I
cried
I'm so excited I'm so hungry and I love
chips
so when I get as a veggie rice ball so
has like sour cream soft Frida's lettuce
brown rice beans that was have been in a
hole
the Arctic perspective
Oh
I need to go right now
love you like news third we all right
now I need to go I'm so full I can't
even breathe right now I could be five
months pregnant right now I'm so
breathing so hard right now so breathing
is hard right now mom struggle it's real
the struggle is so bad like a boy my
hands this way my buttons this way what
is that
it's just balls thanks so heading back
to the YouTube space now as I mentioned
have a few more meetings and then I'm
hosting the musical thingamajigger
murderer's tonight I thought this was a
real person right now this is what's
happening to my brain Chipotle's in my
brain at all right so we're back from
Chipotle the cool thing about like
Google and YouTube is they have all
these creative spaces to have meetings
in Jesus I mean you don't have like a
meeting room and stuff so this is like
above the ground and sis little nest
thing this little nest creative thing
it's just like floating in the air this
in the ground super cool right I'm about
to sit down and pass out on this ash
right now my plan of action is have this
meeting no I'm so tired I'm shutting the
eff down right now how this meeting
stairs on took me back to my hotel take
a nap because I have a bit of time and
nap I'm so excited
nothing's ever the net very weird
everything it is right it really man
that's it that's that I have to say yeah
I'm so full it hurts you know when
you're so full it hurts they get hurts
right now see the first proper meal I've
had in a while
so it's okay
Syd what bonds telephone Omaha what am i
doing what am I actually doing right now
what what am I am I even communicating
anything of importance to you at all not
nothing nothing at all
except for this okay so I'm back in my
hotel I'm just gonna take a quick
breather take a shower take a nap before
after host tonight um yeah I got a
pimple on my face I know you can see it
yeah you could see right there it's bad
to you so much try to deal with that
real quick in one a vacation I want a
vacation where's my room someone stole
my room again whose keep stealing my
room oh there it is hey Deano as I end
every clip like on yeah I don't know why
I don't know so YouTube space give me a
cool shirt youtuber I'm about to take a
nap for an hour and a half because that
can let me show you outside again
because looks real pretty if I could
open my door my view very pretty so I
don't know if you've discovered this yet
but my life is very like work work any
second you have to take a break take
enough any opportunity to take a nap you
take the nap but yeah booze
they were lapses that I never want to
stop them
I love Nam so you wanted this word only
do I do it sometime no one tell me do
anything I don't want to you know - okay
gonna oh yeah look how swanky my hotel
is so all the Swank eNOS oh yeah so I'm
waiting for my car to come pick me up
sorry Thursday's not entertaining I know
he was going back and forth between the
space and doing all this stuff but this
is my date today and like yeah that's
what's up I'm so sad because Colleen
messaged me and she was all like hey
let's hang out and stuff and I'm like
I'm doing this thing until 9:30 10:00
but then the thing is I would still hang
out there 9:30 10:00 but YouTube space
is so in the middle of nowhere and it's
really far from where Colleen lives or
like damn it you've been so nice to see
you I love Colleen probably I don't know
Colleen she has a sister named Miranda
oh I love her she's freaking phenomenal
she was one my favorite people so kind
of bummed that I don't get to see her in
fact I haven't seen any of my la friends
thank God I saw Kingsley in Chicago or
else I wouldn't even seen him when I was
here such a short trip so every time I
lay this situation always like extending
my trip because I see so many people
here that I love to hang out with but I
don't get to sadness all right so I'm at
the YouTube adventure
it's awesome about my notes about the
host and fun of this thing look who's
here Marie I just straight up when the
middle of conversation interpreter sorry
yeah and I'm stuck and I'm interrupting
everyone up get me out of here ah yeah
so I'm introducing much awesome bangs
fool√≠s actually I love doing phenomenal
yo so we just search the event oh so so
much fun and get this because I've
logged here yesterday I'll give it the
space I felt lonely I felt alone
our fans showed up of your shoulder Maya
just to be like I know you said you were
low all the feelings from my all right
now oh thank you so much - appreciate my
Elise turn on Maya
yo so I'm finished out the space I'm
heading out look team super you're still
here hey he's getting out there sweet so
cool tells you like what programs each
suite has so good I know you haven't
seen all the space yet space is huge I
don't think I'll be able to show to you
right now cuz everything's pretty much
closing down the event was great there's
so much good energy so many cool people
so just taking everything down now and
there I'm setting up under such up
unsetting up on what - cleaning up is
that what I'm trying to say in person
they're cleaning up I think I'm trying
to say they were cleaning up really cool
whenever people into space they
highlight them on this huge screen
making everyone feel real special
so the playing my song in the space
right now we having a party I'm having a
solo party
everyone's ready go no one's going crazy
just me but I feel real special right
now thanks man
okay so tell me why I'm back here I'm
having to pull weight again I am free
I'm getting jumped up to my hotel and
like room service might be closed
nothing else open but I ain't gonna play
now as I'm falling I'm not totally out
there there right now my voice risible
this model right now it's gonna go in my
belly
camera shy what's your name right right
this time to rise rise with it right
right on from so sorry the hands and
then vertically right price being better
price to be don't say wrong he'll yell
you yell at you jump out leg by the way
you down fun
Brian's you
yo so I'm back in my hotel but to devour
this tip out I sign I'm so excited I'm
just excited just chill right now I mean
I don't have any deadlines for me
tonight which is rare I mean I'm
probably to go through some emails and
do a little bit of work but I mean the
most part I could like watch TV I'm so
with this excites me the small things
excite me so I'm just gonna lounge back
my flight tomorrow's pretty in the
afternoons I don't have to wake up that
early which is great news I mean I feel
really good about the event today I mean
my goal is I'm a very have a very
aggressive mindset in terms of business
like I do I'm like a lot so like if I
walk into a room I need to ensure that
when I walk out of that room
everyone knows who I am it's just
something I do like if that's why when I
host things right do anything I will
never just do it I will try my best not
just win and do a crappy job I have to
be prepared and it's for that reason I
mentioned you before that I always have
people paired it's for that reason I
need to make sure that everywhere I go I
make connections and people remember
that I did a good job hopefully if I did
a good job that is my business mentality
I'm gonna stop talking now you know why
because more important things need to be
done right now and I'm outside my room
and my room keys in my backpack and my
arm is also hurting promoting the
vlogging camera okay I'm sofa ah I feel
like the day's repeating itself
oh God so I'm just gonna hang out
watching TV at this log um I don't have
an easy night man cuz yo that's why
because yo thanks for joining me on my
adventures I hope you had a great day
and I'll be around I'll pause Dolphin if
you like this subscribe if you like this
subscribe if you like this subscribe if
you like this click subscribe I love it
