mmm those are dire I stayed up all night
watching friends I have no regrets I
have some regrets chaos motor gwaan I'm
trying to pack I have a few minutes
God packing is like the bane of my
existence I am not even completely ready
yet but like yo i'ma try to multitask
Brett John II of this bowl clenching mom
can't take my clothes put him here put
my yeah Bab we're a little bit late but
we made it we're heading today to a
social kind of excited let me live with
chaotic because right after my autograph
session is my flight and I'm so
tremendously sad because I will be able
to play enjoying the VMAs and I am ultra
ultra heartbroken
hashtag sadness we're headed to a second
day and I can't wait to take you in
goodbye look at me we're not little
Esther what am Randa sings reference
just wait you sure know my viewers are
the most polite to wonderful viewers out
of any up ID I'm sorry
every time I go to conventions
organizers always tell me know your
viewers are actually the most polite
viewers I've ever it's just a thing team
super unicorns I'm lying it's true
stories or button to our photo op right
now in this wonderful lake studio yeah
breat oh my god my battery's dying out
in charge my battery my battery's dying
I'm starting to hear not have a battery
charger oh my god what if I can't take
you what my dear I'm gonna figure it out
I'm with your baby I'm a figure it out
I'm gonna figure it out or I'll see you
tomorrow all right I'm here with my BAE
and he's wearing the wickedest shoes
that virtual images show them the shoes
skittle shoes he's doing everything to
press me this one joint everything to
impress me I'm more impressed maybe I
look like a corpse you notice I
hate sitting at this table because I
like to
these chairs I'm staying here that's
right let's go away so waiting for the
closer so I'm just turns everyone here
how was your day baby
yes
anything like me
I almost walked Nicole and I did anyway
doing conference calls in the garage bay
because I'm because I'm that what my
bite nesters check out comic-con I'm so
excited I'm so excited I'm going to buy
a lot of things I'm kidding I'm cheap
but I think I said Justin Faysal indeed
everyone's dressed up here
until you my movie
amazing my comic-con I never let's know
what happened in my life okay we're
going to solve the mystery right now a
question for you only an expert like
yourself would know is there a character
called super golden
and their character called super
this super girl is Wonder Woman once
upon a time there was a sicko right
there was it was kind of like I told you
there's a superwoman
nobody Early's you and I tell them this
oh oh look at her girl womanly she's hot
that's that's you see the resemblance
my fault my battery died welcome to my
phone version of my blog this place is
literally so cool I get so festive
everyone's about it there's so much cool
stuff to bite their swords swords I want
to look for swords I don't know why but
I want them it's one of those places
where you don't need anything but you
want to buy everything everything movie
swords I what why don't I have a sword
I'm so confused why don't I have a sword
jazz I don't have a sword why don't I
just makes no sense I should get a sword
yeah I think I need a sword mom why
don't have a sword the last four Chewie
we're heading to the panel upstairs
iPhones like so close to me now and I
use to it and stuff but that's we're
going yoga coolest Khan about to do our
panel second pan I'm gonna try not to
show you the exact same stuff as
yesterday but King again I also have two
people have a few really bad cuz walks
away I know cuz we're children we're
children and we don't know to PD for
this and obviously be like wool you have
your pair pair Pepe Pepe
all right so kingly postpone listening
because he's gonna go pee I'm gonna
tough it out I'm not gonna postpone it
I'm gonna hold in my pee Mikey's gonna
stay right here around for too much
that's my that's my babe
that's not bad that's my baby food we're
in ants to hip shaker because someone
asked us to so played a song girl is
best you can everybody get up nailed it
nailed it nailed it so little con is
done I won D thing we're headed to the
hotel just with our bags and we're
heading to the airport we get on please
okay please money changes clothes to
these pants on airplane are not
happening not happening chasing some
traffic I noticed it yesterday rows
editor go so you do I love it I love it
but yeah so my phone so shape you
compared to the other camera social
Kaunas done but now we need to go on
planes and I need to land I need to make
tomorrow's video so we go back to normal
life now I felt like that was real
alright so we just dropped off Sarah
King and jazz have a separate flight
from you know all by myself alone only
my flights in a little bit I'm actually
pretty early earlier than I usually come
to the airport I am so sad I'm missing
the V music I cannot express you it is
just eating me alive right now I'm
tempted just like miss my plates I can
watch the VMAs I want isn't so bad like
Nikki's warming beyond this bar my leg
alright so I'm walking to my gate I'm
all checked in off through security and
ish security such a missional I'm doing
the shoes and stuff and I always wear
these bumbaclot boots and it so
difficult I do it every mother from time
come on it's Meg a my plane does have
Wi-Fi no no Wi-Fi on planes it really
sucks
unless see if I can stream the VMAs I'm
sorry for the shaky video by the way
this is why use other camera see you
guys will learn to love it guys is a
place here called nothing
and there's time lots and lots and lots
of popcorn I didn't go go in here I
can't do that to myself right now I have
no space to hear nothing else and I need
some real food or else I'd be going in
there buying all one thing she know
about me I love popcorn and I love
skittles I love those two things I love
someone at the meeting gree brought me a
popcorn scented air freshener greatest
gift ever
Vonda hunt for food I went to McDonald's
but they don't have legit veggie food so
I am looking for stuff these guys in the
blog what up
yeah just chin looking for fruit finally
triangles deep-dish Pizza Pizza Pizza
oh my god my Indian came up pita the
bean jack
oh really we're good my lips would be
when I would stall guns worth it and
whatever happens I'm going to resist the
urge to get the popcorn
I'm not getting the popcorn I refuse to
get the popcorn I'm going to exercise my
willpower no popcorn I got mono my voice
sorry
my timeline has full of people to want
to be amazed I'm just sitting here like
whoa
so I'm over anyways but a goddamn plane
ladies Jeff one last time the cockerel
eggs welcome to Los Angeles
all right so I slept the entire way
every time I'm like I'm into work on the
plane then I sleep the entire way so now
I'm gonna head to my hotel watch the
VMAs but go devour this popcorn welcome
to Le all right so as cab driver is
telling me that he's not gonna accept
credit card because machine not working
so I pulled over to hit cash I think
he's lying
I think he's lying I think he's wearing
some serious scams for an LA which cab
driver doesn't take credit education
obviously had no American money so Kai
off I'm telling you half
all right so this is my home for the
next three days this hotel room right
here first thing I do when I walk to
Alberto Ted let's not speak first thing
I do is turn off the air-conditioning
there's a nobody trying to get frostbite
up in this place right now then I look
for a possible wall where I can shoot a
video found one slam where in the world
a woman play la can I just realize I
forgot to get a receipt from the cab
driver say nobody getting reimbursed for
no travel expenses I'm all over the
place right now I don't know man and I'm
not even in time for the rerun of the
VMA yeah okay
I'm gonna get it together real quick I
got work to do though worker look at you
traveling from state stay with me I mean
chicks take up different parts of
America we will speak soon okay goodbye
man that's good hotels I don't have free
Wi-Fi you are the devil the devil hmm 30
minutes of searching I finally found a
link to the VMAs
it's friggin like 360p terrible quality
but I'm gonna go wash my face grab my
popcorn and wash this ish right now
that's what I'm gonna do turn up turn up
everybody turn up what am i doing bro I
am on a Twitter mother-effing role right
now I just tweeted something Nicki Minaj
and she favorite it went on a bun son
now please sit on my lap with all that
booty welcome back little camera I can't
even talk right now I can't even talk
right a Beyonce just slayed my entire
life
Beyonce kills me and I'm dead best
vma's ever always it is a 4-12 am i to
go sleep i need to wake up in the
morning and get this video done by yo if
you liked it subscribe if you like to
subscribe if you like this subscribe
I guess that's my new thing I love
tonight Beyonce though Oh
