whatever when it's your girl superwoman
and welcome to a very special vlog
development blog here on super own vlogs
so those of you have been following me
for quite some time know that last year
I was on the set of my first feature
film called dr. cabbie it is coming out
tomorrow September 19 2014 and I'm so
excited I actually did vlog during that
whole experience last year um and I'm
gonna share some behind the scenes with
you that took all my camera and I was so
excited to show you um and yeah I just I
was editing it and it was such an
emotional roller coaster because so much
of my life has changed since then and to
see where I was and where I've come this
is absolutely phenomenal make sure you
guys check out the movie on September
19th grab your tickets in theaters it's
absolutely phenomenal starring brave
Armani Kunal Nayyar Isabel Kaif
it's just wonderful I have a small role
in it and but doesn't matter how small
or how big I'm very excited it was great
experience just before I show you the
behind the scenes know that this was a
year ago so like I didn't know how to
vlog also I was using my iPhone 4 and
the quality's really bad but forgive the
quality forgive the sound call you might
turn the volume up and down forgive all
that and kind of just go on the journey
with me so I present to you the official
superwoman behind-the-scenes making-of
dr. cabbie hope you enjoy whatever one's
a girl's Superman I am in my little
trailer DD allure thing I'm on set for
dr. cabbie my first day of shooting I'm
very excited I'm nervous as well but I'm
very very excited this is my short hair
look kind of cabbie swag you know going
on I'm honestly so humbled and so
excited and so blessed if you have this
opportunity I feel really a Bowie
nervous but I feel really good inside
because I feel like I like this like I
feel like you know someone just is my
hair and makeup but it has nothing to do
with the prestige of those things so to
say more so the experience like I feel
really blessed and I feel really like
yes like I like this I like this feeling
I like acting I love where this is going
I love it so it's my first day on set I
thought I would vlog it um so we can
enjoy the experience together and I
can't wait for you to come on this
journey with me and so excited my
character's name is Lily my real name is
Lily
except her name is spelled with
bless L what I okay see you soon
this is my
forty
fourth day of shooting I've two more
days left on Friday Saturday Sunday I
love it I love the sex this is my
trailer again and my experience of one
has been totally awesome having such a
good time
the cast is so so so nice like I I can't
even believe how right there with their
exceptionally nice people so I'm very
blessed and the whole crew is awesome I
get a vlog a bit with that I'm going to
do see them and my experiences thus far
as the first couple days I was nervous
and obviously I would never show it but
I was a bit nervous inside now I'm like
totally comfortable and I love it I love
being in front of camera I love the way
it feels
I love being able to like bring
something to the character and I'm
learning things every day I learned so
much things I'm just like oh my good so
cool so such a great experience and I'm
so blessed and smell for today I'm
standing on the couch it's a minority
girl jumping on couch jumping mold again
what everyone welcome to video blog
we're chillin oh yeah sure you go and
warn or plus hi say something accent
just one thing Thanks you are talking
crazy thought oh is it here yeah hi Joe
no she ain't easy this is just wine -
you guys know this is go now but I would
introduce you guys to my future husband
you may recognize him from Mortal Kombat
maybe smoke a weed I'm cute babies right
yeah fugly dancing party babies is that
racist I think it's a good kind of wrist
that's what it would be real is it okay
there she's not yes Isabel no soul mate
we all thought we sold out in there we
have to super woman yeah on set and
that's been a Zamani
been on set for 14 hours now rock star
lifestyle I'm writing getting ready
listen I'm getting ready to go home an
awesome day on set um yeah
freakin love it the weather's kind of
crappy but I'm hoping for I'll be okay
and we should have a good time and good
in this is me without makeup and how do
you is gonna make me less fugly
I really George using like interests you
and look what t I bought one because she
knows there are love everyone here now
my makeup is having some I'm gonna fix
my fugly hair oh never better bring up
her beautiful hair hahaha awesomeness
yeah as probably still wet as well so we
can take care of that too fabulous miss
because she's fabulous all her she's all
her was all now I would go sleep in my
trailer okay that's two dogs alright
check it out and ready to go on set I
woke up from my nap my hair is kind of
messed up but I'm gonna tell them that
the wing did it and then they'll fix it
this is my looper today soup supermuc
have a ya better to set what up as you
can see we're all working very very hard
we work hard on ecstasy we work very
hard have been a in the leg
no no you versus with one hand cut off
there so forgetting competitive for no
reason right now is the same Santa hello
hello Lillie Birnam hi you have to call
me that
oh thank you hello Lily how are you good
recording it's kind of bad but it's
amazing than the main shoutouts matter
what app went back into hair and makeup
they've decided I'm ugly again
here so now I'm back he comes
look I can't even do that I know I just
like that it's sleeping good
oh oh oh snap is among the oldest up
right on record as you see the hard work
is continuing here way into the night
time you have your party well that lets
grind he's done with somebody you're
recording hey yeah good that's Julie
she's so gorgeous as you guys it is this
is easy I'm really scared of her secrecy
Camilla this is Giselle she's the brains
behind you away from posing because it's
record right now you can wear a film
crew as you can see this is this is my
vlogging vlogging I love it Lilly's the
best oh that I mean I did not you gotta
care look at me okay finished shooting
it's 1:30 a.m. too bad not too bad
13-hour shift today no complaints loving
what I'm just do that class be no loving
what I'm doing still and carbonate still
has to stay there for several several
hours but it's a wrap for today thanks
for joining me
um I did every day get closer and closer
with the cast is your favorite superhero
this is me how she's my baby she knew
and she the master with master of funny
faces and that Kunal is trying to like
photobomb us right now because it's
jealous guys my last day on set are
gonna miss me oh oh yes yes it's Warren
blast you too Warren here has with the
24 pocket labs
oh wait wait wait wait the legging is
bad or game is done okay I couldn't give
it I couldn't give it with ready and so
get this
sure Oh guru take a minute
Mulgrew you know with nibbles they balls
PACU just man playing poker ooh Oh guru
magic beauty guru
it was poker poker a room this is him
whoa crazy here yes my hair just came up
I'm crazy looking I'm a wrap I just
finished my last day of shooting it was
amazing I feel amazing such an amazing
feeling even though I look like I just
got electrocuted but it had such a good
time and I'm so sad to be leaving the
set but I'm gonna come back and visit
them next week anyways but I'm still so
sad has an awesome time and I just
accept that little crazy right now let's
deal with this first I had an awesome
time such a good experience and I'm
feeling so blessed and I'm gonna miss so
much everyone so much very emotional
minimus everyone so much and everyone
has been so awesome and I've learned so
much and I feel so honored and
privileged to work with every single
person on film so you say but I will
when I'm more calm and collected and not
emotional um finishes off hopefully I
walk into another filler soon just like
this and walk like this put my bag down
sit down really say I'm back hopefully
that happens
if you watch loose in the future and you
became an actress or did anything
entertainment wise this right here is
your first ever trailer of your first
film and I am proud of you and you did
awesome and I want to remind you that
you are so thankful and grateful right
now this opportunity and thank you
too many too many
you
