zero sleep achieved all right so oh geez
last night was just one of those
situations where I could not fall asleep
and I kept waking up one minute before
my alarm like I just I didn't sleep and
today's the longest shoot day and I
didn't sleep properly it's gonna be a
great day hello goodbye goodbye forever
just put your hand up and wave Hey I'm
believing and now I'm in LA I'm gonna be
an ally for what my blue a my night
before anyways I'm gonna be here for two
months in hell alone I'm gonna be here
for two more days and I'm gonna be here
alone so I'm was leaving people are
downstairs I need to go let's get the
day started
no all right so today is the longest day
out of all of our shoot days and got a
bajillion things to do I'm really tired
and I actually know I'm really tired
because I don't remember what I said in
the beginning a log I know I recorded
something but I have no recollection of
what I actually said because I wasn't
fully awake so how's that for some
unnatural rawness and to be honest I do
that really often I'm too personal and
I'll have a full conversation and
someone will told me something very
important but again okay I know how you
know a very detailed calm woman remember
nothing from me
slavery is very dark these rare
occasions will get to the studio and no
one else will be here in the breakfast
won't be here so the only thing left to
do is this good night
well that lasted 30 seconds did they get
my favorite breakfast so I told him that
before I leave I want my favorite
breakfast which is the pancakes eggs in
the hash brown combo that they get and
did they get it yes thank you
oh my god you see how they love me he
specifically asked for this are you
ready are you ready are you ready are
you ready look at this
when you lift the pancakes more food
verb B a B how do we feel about me like
that I'm sleeping well people do my hair
and makeup any takers anything
this is Rachel this is Rachel she she's
gonna be doing my makeup today okay are
you seeing my knees girl oh no no this
is Rachel
she's so hood July me and she listens to
like ratchet music just like me and now
he's gonna turn this place into a jam
just like me
I'll show you Kaitlyn later she's in the
middle of a conversation kidding I'm
gonna interrupted this is Kaitlyn she's
dead oh wait are you doing hair makeup
today
oh my god she's doing makeup today wait
why did you correct me Rachel you're
doing my no you also do the makeup and
you doing that I'm asleep right now I'm
asleep right now
Oh
sorry I won't say anything no happy
birthday
Caitlyn happy birthday Caitlyn happy
birthday keep me it's Caitlyn birthday
okay Lou money heavy wordy I didn't wash
my hair and my hair is dirty and now
Jessica has to touch my gosh - hair Oh
star in my life in dijanna
look who I am again you're picking up
scenes from yesterday and the ACC's on
the place my approximate that's where
we're at right now time to learn some
lines
my legs are stably you can't tell on
camera all right if I may say so myself
I am nailing today I'm on fire - the
others won't be the scripts like this
photographic memory and some Tings look
at so much stuff going on over here
Chandra changing I don't know what we're
getting into though what are you doing
where am i herring what's going on where
we ask em - no I think we're doing
Jonathan I can't tell you John I
something by those on throws on girls
barley and pearls and throws up but it
joke I choked on a pearl oh I love my
jobs and I love my job I love my job
this wig is going on my bad day it's
going on my bad day it's gonna be real
good
Wayne this is Deirdre this is my mom
she's my fave you know what do I even
know your real name I just go dude Olga
my real name is Nicole Nicole I knew
this I know she's one of them - the main
judge on the show she kills I can't even
watch her out because she's too funny
just too funny and my mega Me's be
touched up every time she's wonderful
wonderful not xxa dad sacks a sec say
what I just took a 1 hour nap so I found
this breakfast in the kitchen
I think someone didn't realize that
underneath the pancakes are eggs and
hash browns so meager you snooze you
lose Doug that's what's up or you snooze
and you win an extra reqtest
into ze7 sound good
we're get into a quick interview with
the sound guy come on into frame what's
your name Michael great what do you do
I do shut up some guys ha ha next
question so what positioning is the best
place with the mic it to get the best
sound well when you're just a guy what's
the best part about your job
sound good chef
we found this danke all right you're
done so we're in the confessional room
this is where we do the confessionals
for the tunes
honeys ha ha ha and this is the people
this is Ben you haven't met him said
taking his head off
this is Ben and that's Justin you know
Justin Chandra I just see look who came
to visit on sand who's who's we partying
with right now who's we partying with oh
ok oh snap wooden intro we became really
good friends right and by that I mean I
get to hold her like that and feel good
about it
mm-hmm oh god bleep into the camera I
mean we can't Mike not the face where
you heard there's Oh God
yeah so Lily told me that my booty looks
really good should we show them come on
we got a soul Wow like I'm gonna say
what everyone think that booty doe that
booty doe oh we don't think we're girl
girls work work all right guys I'm gonna
fight the sound guy just a bullet you
know I've been training as a bunch for
like six years
really yep what you're a sound guy yep
that means you by default have no balls
very true is it over did I win did I win
I think I lost that's terrifying
this is no longer superwoman blog this
is terrible woman in her entire crew
vlogs starring me sound guy guy and this
guy just now it's a K get it is you're
so scary so there's a chance that after
this shoot I might have to go right
directly to another shoe there's a last
minute shoot that I've got invited to
come easy said no trooper of course I
said yes
so after this 12 hour shoot I might go
straight to another shoot I'll keep you
posted
because life be crying and you got did
you dive in it stuff yes sir are tell me
why the Rocky's treating me right Johnny
I hope you're trying to get my wig on
edition this guy is just laying my life
right everybody shut up I wanna shout
out I need two seconds you do you vote
I can't even cry right now because I'm a
deaf of my makeup okay said love this
check her youtube vids are hilarious /
original and he retweeted my mine and
it's a public tree it's a pop it's a
it's a public tree why might work right
now because I can't probably freak out
why am i the rock officially knows who I
am I need to go do this shot
i'ma be right back alright so finished
shooting I just have to contain my
citement for a little bit longer because
I have to be professional right now but
I'm dying inside I'm here to do a photo
shoot at the space just finished 12
hours shooting what we're doing a photo
shoot at the space because we work or
work work work so that's we're about to
do and then trust me when I get home
tonight we won't talk we go mother effin
talk cuz I'm doing
professionalism professionalism so we
just finished shooting and look at all
the shooting stuff and the production
stuff and all these people in the room I
just in case the camera shy went very
quickly and very quickly but you get out
way always finished shooting that can't
tell you I'm sorry I can't tell you what
but it was super fun and I wrote a super
talented and now I'm going to go home
and awkwardly ask John B to drop me home
sorry I'd find out this way okay so I'm
back home and on the way home
the rock tweeted me again and then my
phone died
turn on you mother no rock do not die
when the rock tweeted he tweeted me
something along the lines of like yeah
before we continue I am making a
commitment to calm death down right now
because as I explained before I am more
than just a fangirl I respect him as a
professional okay and I don't wanna
just in case he's watching I don't want
him to be scared I all fangirls I
fangirl get out I just want everyone to
know including Dwayne including all
people how much this means to me this is
like any other person who grows up and
has like a role model someone to look up
to a crush that's just like oh my god
this person is just that person well
freaking over and that is the rock to me
and because of all of you because of
whatever has happened in my life for him
to discover who I am I'm so grateful and
I'm so happy and it literally means the
world to me this little girl inside me
and the 26 rolled inside me are thrilled
this is legit a dream come true I cannot
believe I'm tweeting back and forth with
the rock thank you so much you don't
understand how much this means to me I
can I don't want to keep freaking out
and freaking on freaking on camera and
doing the same thing over and over again
so I just honestly thank you so much
this is just amazing this is like a
cantilever this is so out of this world
right now okay that's all the apartment
feels very lonely humbles not here humbo
bumbo who's gonna make me
oatmeal hello
hmm well the rock tweeted me I guess
it's okay for me to go get you poly
again I have nothing else to eat and
folios only thing open right now and I
don't need to justify myself because Jay
was a good mother and a you know what
maybe I should just eat what I want and
start working out thoughts I have every
day hmm way to go get that Chipotle now
you which took a shower wash my hair so
that my hair and makeup people don't
kill me tomorrow um today has just been
I can't explain it
I'm in the state of floating where I'm
like I don't believe it's real and I'm
just instead of like literally my
emotion is
because I don't know what to feel I said
it before I'm gonna say it again you
guys are the reason everything amazing
happens to me and I want take a minute
to just give a huge shout out to all of
my viewers who take the time out of
their day to get to know me because I
know when people make videos online it's
very easy to go under a video write a
hate comment be judgmental
say something mean because you can hear
behind a computer screen but there's so
many of you who take the time to think
no this is the type of person really is
and this is Lily's intention and it's
because you genuinely care about that
that I'm getting all these amazing
opportunities so this is Justin this is
nothing I say nothing I say nothing I
say so when I find the words I'll let
you know but as of right now I need to
get to sleep tomorrow call time as 9:15
so we just sleep in a little bit and
tomorrow's my last day shooting and then
the next day we head home to Toronto so
I'll see you in the morning I'm gonna go
lie in bed now and question my life if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe it
