what what a wonderful day I'm going to
Wonderland for all you who are wondering
what the bumper once's Wunderland it is
our amusement park here today is also
super Monday and I should have made a
video basically it's a bit of a
last-minute plan I was supposed to go
line up council then I got put back on
so I was like ah but I decided to still
go and when I come back home I like 10
11 I'll make my video then I really want
to go I mean I haven't gone in two years
me an ocean you're going and I'm so
excited I was like a little kid right
now I'm so excited so today we're gonna
do a bundle a
the roller coasters the roller coasters
roller coasters and you coming with me
we are first and foremost you member
when the rock tweeted me yesterday
ha ha ha ha
I'm so excited oh she does very very
close to Wonderland we're just walking
we're so excited he choked by a little
tan Hebert rock stars yeah that's our
breakfast right there
breakfast healthy Cheers I'm not candy
but yeah people usually go to theme
parks
early in the morning it's 2:30 right now
we think we are waiting lines go down
let's get the property Virginia good I'm
just down to you know people coming
crawling underneath take a little
preview of what our days gonna be like
in Wonderland we'll see how many rides
we get to go on so let's yummy rides we
get on I just
young basically I got basically
Wonderland has like normal tickets like
these Fastpass ticket so you can be
buying my past and crazy and Yanis I
feel like that's really douchey and I
hate doing it but I did buy them they
were so stupidly expensive because I
travel so much night I know I hate
travel so much and every blogger
Institute so I never got to do this and
I want to get as many rides as possible
so I bought it like a douche bag I am
that douche bag so I basically just
bought the equipment like a house was so
expensive Wonderland why you do this why
you do this
okay honest thoughts fence the blog
sometimes I feel really bad my friends
are with you because they have to and
they never mind cuz are so sweet like
you know she's so sweet
every time people approach me she never
ever minds it's just so sweet Joyce
takes pictures clearly bad sometimes
so no shiney when you watch this I'm
really grateful that you're so sweet
you're right behind me and you don't
know I'm talking about you but you're so
sweet you're so patient thank you so
much and in tune any that's not you oh
my god I also think I'm gonna be really
scared to go on a roller coaster I
really like so long I'm get such a pad
yeah we're old I know my knees initially
what they used to be this is my current
strategy to get through the day to get
to the tape the first round of line 9 is
the might they do I know we think we are
because it's actually the biggest drop
and the scariest right here
we think we're some sort of bonbons
right now but uh
I'm here all those peas jumping down my
leg right now let me show you this ride
right now
can someone catch my feet because my
feet something up
I'm nervous I'm nervous dude are you
nervous
I know everybody but I'm very nervous
right now by the way from the time in
the rock to me
I'm being all right to this effort to
know she's lying on the right this was
my face on the right let's reenact our
faces yes
so we just went on one of the wooden
roller coasters and I was not impressed
it was a Housefull draw it was like it
wasn't real real still the drop was like
let me try to bustle wine not elbow
that's Melville I want whatever that is
or something
don't get a something-something give me
a shout-out on the roller coaster so
cute I went to top of the on the like
shark Superman I felt really good for my
life so cool I felt my hands on this
item
so this ride like made us involuntarily
twerk nod yes bosses the two dad gave me
a shout-out on the board taxi you
is one person is a woman so the people
behind they're too scared to talk I
thought I would just call them all right
now I guess so that would be me she's
like I hate you later we're right now
about to go on the wooden roller coaster
those are the ones that pretty much like
if he's a virgin like you ain't any more
when you all right living property
basically is what happens
my beloved
at the moment commence screaming now
I'm having fun
hey ow it has to be one of my videos so
I said of course so I just off this ride
recorded something beautiful the ride
mother and me and I realized that in
from support doctor said I'm up not
again right now these people are waiting
stalking me over here yes of course you
guys look good going up the hill right
now I think I'm gonna your life
your life has ups and downs bad things
happen
well first of all scalable down come up
way from myself a girlfriend breaks up
with you Phil intense yeah bad name is
Matt herbal like I do is enjoy the ride
right yes right
do I know why
to
got it I'm stuck and I'm doing is Mama's
on this roller coaster for you you might
appreciate this on five right now way to
get like stuck in time recording this
press subscribe right now right guys
that's right nobody knows me guys I'm
sorry to tell you I died I died and I
went to heaven
original sour dessert very tropical dark
side what the hell's the starburst doing
over here
put all these cool people they're so
cute
Junaid go on call my nice to meet you
cute
hey everybody boo boo clothes right now
right
I had it look we don't know whatever huh
this is north it's my popper where
that's right we're sitting in the same
day that's right we both fit right
together die together
you bad gas release my legs are so
creepy right now
kind of quickly to
all right so see the reason people come
to Wonderland okay freakin so excited
everyone's exam be there looking at me
there Jeff but judge me I'm you don't
have F right now because I don't know
about this one okay you never have fun
okay to dismiss yourself you stop
watching my video get apart right now
I Drive what's up and what games in
fungating I'm so excited
bastard a member go get married now on
back then three three ways right now
anyway all kaposin start okay right now
yes I'm mighty this pocket right now I'm
using my phone as light and this is this
so no she's gonna put a piece in my
mouth right now
argh Andrew I'm deaf
so behind each other I'm psyching to go
i'ma go buy our damn Wonderland is done
and also happy we got to do it now he's
gonna make a video so I know nobody
knows 12:30 a.m. and I still haven't
started my video yet but I'm gonna do it
now I'm so sleepy but no I'm gonna do it
when to do it I'm gonna do it or do
whatever dude I'm doing were doing em
anyway yeah okay it's 4:30 a.m. and I
just posted my video but you I did it I
did it and I'm proud that I came home
and did it and I think it's funny I
freaking loled while editing it I'm also
big nerds I mean I don't know how much
that really counts for before I go I
wanted to adjust one thing in the
comments below everyone's like you why
don't you sleep in your room better know
why it's so weird why pretending to
sleep I'm not pretending to sleep I
sleep in this room this is actually my
sister's room she moved out when she got
married but it's my sister's room I
sleep in this room because my room is
always such a disaster it's always has
my suitcase and like all my stuff I'm
packing unpacking going on so I sleep
here even my room is clean right now I'm
still so accustomed to sleeping in this
bed my bed is actually ten bajillion
times more comfortable this one but two
reasons one I'm just accustomed to
sleeping here now and the outlet is way
way way closer than in the other room
well it's really far a lot of the true
reasons but I mean before I leave on my
next trip I will sleep in my own bed
because so control but I'm not lying I
sleep here even though my rooms over
there so anyways with that information
and wisdom I must say good night to you
in my bed when I go to sleep for reals
okay good night Lily bye
