I told you I was gonna wake up like this
I am so stressed even trying to comb
this Mane right now I'm mother-effing
Simba just like the circle of life when
I was in Kenya I asked those people what
are they saying something inside Chuck
know my spit when they say something
Swahili and they said no it's just like
chance and noises so they're not
actually saying anything babe hey took a
shower didn't do with this why I kind of
sort of maybe like it you don't say
Trudeau what happenes your reference
here's a pitch for today's news Inbox
call clap creatives one script Cooper
pair makeup
stranger things world premiere mad
pictures so way to hustle hard cuz we're
part if he lives Trudeau going through
my inbox get a lot of work done Trudeau
was your some deep emails getting into I
think I have a creative for tomorrow's
video shoot I think y'all gonna like it
it's really funny and sarcastic and full
of satire so I'm working on that right
now but I gotta go to a few more emails
the hustle is the men's right now how's
your hustle it's like this was like
waste you and this was like hustle
supreme where do you fall right now ask
yourself that question if you finally
the bottom raise up veg on what a
bumbaclot here we go
doing inna doing eanes do egg e makeup
dammit emails so hard to do this ball go
to the camera why I love you you the
tennis why life meet me you Oh
ridiculous moment that's happening right
now I'm facetiming my mom and my dad at
facetiming my sister Tina so now it's
Tina and I are talking to to FaceTime
she's right there and I
what is this nonsense too much
technology I can't be Tina 14 on the
frame Tina this is oh my god helping you
do this remind you of right now by the
way what's up move this way this way
there there hello oh my god bloody hi
Ken okay never mind
never much please throw to the video
that was inspired by my family
hey Dad how's gone dad turn your screen
I know turn your screen no you just have
to turn your phone dad you must have
locked the screen somehow it's okay I
will turn my screen door no you'll stick
dead stop turning the screen to a story
no no whatever you driving no just
believe my new video and I'm about to do
some super 60 which means I'll be
respond to comment to the next 60
minutes I know it's not real time but
you watch the smile but I do that when I
release a new video
I'm in videos 12 minutes long come
through with that short film felt alone
Phillip Phil bill movie short movie that
should get in for free share and
subscribe stop supers Oh already
i yo got the pins is the vibe mad like
yo stranger things in Tings it's
supposed to be cocktail attire by the
way it supposed to be like dressy and I
was like ho
nah I'm going like this I'm having a
goddamn good time there's like a few
events so first we're going to the
premiere watching the first two episodes
and in the second place they take you to
which has all his photo op so there's
like a third binge event but I'm gonna
watch all of them cuz I'm having a
viewing party tomorrow we're gonna watch
like three I'm taking Taylor there so so
good it's so good and now it's after
party and it is this this lake is late
asleep right now
down
all right so it raises about what the
third-place now we took this huge black
bus to get here everyone comes onto our
hat by the way we're just coolest people
ever we are the cuckoo bird spring event
called a binge event where you
technically could watch all the episodes
until 9 a.m. and they've rebuilt parts
of actual set and look at this thing
this is so oh oh my god like a
projection thing it's so cool this place
is so cool they got this setup over here
with the bikes and the cars and then you
basically sit on these couches you can
binge watch the show and have the arcade
over here so it up photo photo photo
photo Oh my biggest struggle every
single day is ending my vlog I'm so
tired
I gotta see Noah and the kids no one's
my son I freaking love him so much he's
so sweet and lovely and I'm like you
better not kill anyone this season young
man or your mother's me very upset but
he still love you we only watch two
episodes I can't wait to watch the rest
of them today I have to wake up early
into a script into a shoe and do all the
things and I'm burping but that's such a
good time at the event it was such a
good experience like just a really cool
really cool fan experience remember one
place to another and having all these
props all these set designs is really
cool let's see how we did Jay
so I keep doing this thing or like I
tell my team yeah tomorrow we'll shoot
two videos when every single time I do
this I message them in the middle and
I'm like hey rollin shoot one video and
I keep feeling like I'm feeling so I've
decided to just stop having that
unrealistic expectation I can do two
videos in one day because it's absurd
and also like takes away some of the fun
of shooting videos because I got hate to
rush and like what have fun and laugh
while doing it so I just need just stop
doing that unrealistic crap so next time
I tell you between two days or one day
slap me reach to the screen like
mother-effing samara and smack me
because i need to stop there you go
tomorrow the hustle continues and
stranger things continues as well tell
it if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe can we also talk about I
had to take all my socks out of my drug
cuz I couldn't find plain white socks
that were not pattern actually take a
pair of socks and turn them inside out
to wear a basic pair of white sauce what
is wrong with me why am i a child
I'm fully an adult but y'all
