good morning someone stole my credit
card
good morning kidding I've been up for a
few hours now and I woke up to the very
pleasant news of my bank telling me that
my credit card has been compromised cuz
that's what I want to hear on this
wonderful rainy disgusting day so I've
been on the phone with the bank for
hours because someone tried to charge a
bajillion things to my credit card now
I'm dealing with that and one thing you
should know about me is I suck with
anything related to finances I know
anything about banks and finances and
money I know how to draw beards on my
face and my mom is at my door so yes mom
I'll be real I'm real I'm good I have a
decent amount of things like you know
I'm I can do some things average or
above average banking it's not one of
those things running it's not one of
those things
washing my makeup before I go to sleep
is not one of those things clearly
clearly then I wonder why I have
bajillion pimples what because you too
damn tired you don't wash your face
because bringing stupid I feel
disgusting today and that is solely
based on the fact my inbox is a disaster
I have so much work to do I've so many
emails to attend and so many things I've
just left to simmer because I've been
doing my 300 videos so today what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna wash my face I'm
gonna take a shower I'm gonna put on
some PJ's I won't be as ugly and
comfortable as possible and I'm gonna
just have a work night and to be honest
that excites me because I hate the
feeling of having a lot of work to do
especially was things like emails and
replying to like interviews and stuff I
feel dirty
I feel stanky I got stanky because of
that I just want to sit grab my laptop
grab a highlighter grab paper grab pen
get some nice work done you know and
just chill the eff out and I hope you
can chill the eff out with me cuz we
gonna chill the eff out this is me
putting my hands behind my back I can't
use both but you know what's up my
parents are on their way to go babysit
my nephews so I have the house to myself
so you know what that means
things about to get crazy I'm her hair
I'm not yet crazy
I'm gonna go wash my hair because it's
dirty and I could like fried 12 samosas
in it right now so BRB
okay oh my sing Bourbon love me some Bob
Marley though that's fun that my arms
will always mildly be in shape because I
wash my hair I always shampoo my hair
twice I just feel like one time doesn't
do it
where's my children with a roof right
over ahead we'll share the shelter of my
single bed do the other vloggers you
watch deodorant their armpits in front
of you let me know it oh okay I just
ordered myself some food and I am poor
excited I got four Shelley and if you
don't know what that is I think it's
like a Canadian thing but it's like a
rotisserie chicken place Bobby I need no
chickens so I got their pastor nish and
it's like you should know food really
excites me since become a vegetarian
actually a really small appetite so I
get full really quickly back and nkd
like 50 chicken wings if I needed to but
now I don't eat as much but like food
excites me food could replace men like
except for the rock all other men food
food my shape this salad
and please don't think I just got salad
I am one of those gonna get just salad
there's a whole lot of past when I reset
that log
croutons go sometimes are my babe I love
I drop the croutons hutong where are you
little crouton come to me I can't find
your lips that's a wrap another type
when I'm done this or what up t-shirt
reference to new rap song I'm a killer
like the messenger I said something
wrong cuz I only said people when I
plant ping pong and tie those laces and
if you something about something but the
lyrics that something so I just post on
Facebook asking people do you like the
fisheye lens do not cause something
could be like men and the Tally's say
that doubles of people like the fisheye
lens so the really bothers you I'm sorry
for now I'm going to keep it a few
things I can do to make your life better
though is when I go like this I know I
can all distorted so I'm gonna start
doing that a little bit more I know my
arm looks really long but y'all like hey
I hate that I'm still working away I
being really productive sending emails
to the fresh and so clean clean
something you should know about me I
love pomegranate fun fact I didn't know
what pomegranate was called in English
because if Punjabi is called an odd so I
didn't know it was called pomegranate
English so only recently I learned this
is this is an English call pump called
pomegranate but this is my favorite food
of all time if you never had this before
you to try it it's an absolute pain to
peel because this itch stains earth dang
but I dig me some pomegranate and I'm
going to eat dog right now right now I'm
so excited I'm like the pomegranate
monster right now
oh no see this juice you can't get this
anywhere it stains everything
well little little pellets of heaven
so good this weekend I'm going to
Chicago those who don't know I'm in
Chicago for social con tickets are still
available
get yourself some tickets you can meet
and greet me we can take selfies we can
hug we can kiss who can do all that jazz
information I mean link is in the
description so Chicago I'll see you this
weekend and clean this mother effin age
because I'm gonna be able find anything
when I pack and my life is a disaster
right now so so I'm gonna clean this
room but first hmm this is my hair by
the way
after take a shower it gets all wild
like this and I just leave it I'm very
big on like natural hair back and I used
to straighten it all the time not going
to strain from now I'm just your natural
main bro oh natural be proud finish so I
barely straight my hair anymore cuz I'm
like yo represent Bush monkey frizz team
fris√©e alright I'm gonna stop
procrastinating and do something now ah
what am I so I just ranted about
something on Instagram and i'ma go mash
makeup vlog about stores like you I do
daily vlogging I can write the book to
you right now fabulous alright
so this is what happened I posted a
picture I got I am I'm wearing these
amazing girl boxers right that is
phenomenal I posted a picture on
Instagram show you the picture and if
you're not following my Instagram rude
is the picture I posted yeah that's me
with my bum sticking out now I ain't
born yesterday I know I'm gonna post
this picture the caption says and my
gangster yet because it's a joke like
people do this to be gangster I very
well know like I ain't trippin I'm gonna
post this picture people are calling me
a slow people I know this I am born
yesterday I've been posting Instagram
pictures for time now okay I did anyway
something I don't give an F sure enough
so many times your slot you're changing
yeah yes then I post this picture right
here just being like yo do you call
these people's thoughts too because it's
all the people's music you listen to
that have their butts hanging out two
and one make one thing very clear I here
to prove myself would be like old nation
soon I swear make one thing clear I
genuinely do not care like I can be
honest if a comet upsets me I will
honestly tell you this didn't upset me
this more so is just like your sexist
idiots and I just want to be sassy with
you but like all my fan pages and stuff
who always
offend me you guys are so wonderful but
I really genuinely genuinely want to
tell you don't get upset by hate
comments like this because I promise you
stupid sexist ignorant comments do not
upset me if a comment upsets me I will
honestly tell you it does but this does
not upset me
I'm not stupid if I post a picture with
my bum hanging out wearing boxers I know
exactly what people are going to say the
only thing that does annoy me is when
people equate everything I do to somehow
changing cuz I'm famous that's the only
thing that annoys me oh man back in the
day used to be normal now she's changing
cuz she's getting all famous homie two
years ago I would have posted the same
damn picture okay ain't nothing wrong
with the picture I'm friggin showing my
boxers what if I was wearing shorts that
looked exactly the same
why are you ridiculous shot da F up this
is my two second rent
I'll give no time with panache on my box
all day every day okay my booty lookin
right haha not really you do some squats
still but I'm trying you anyways I just
want to say that all my fan pictures you
guys are so cute but you don't have to
get so upset when people say bad things
about me people say bad things about me
all the time it's fine you can't please
everyone I care more about all the
wonderful love you give me so on your
face you know even if you rob being mean
things on your face too
it's okay and with that goodnight
