the way I am tired right now okay
it is 8:20 there are going to be your
8:30 I'm so tired right now this is
legit like painful tired this is like
top most tired moments of my life right
now
and I want to cry then I stayed up late
talking on the phone and now as a result
I want to shoot myself
it burns
oh stop it
no no I'm so tired but now my face is
gonna fix this the benefits are after my
makeup because someone else gonna do my
makeup and then I'm gonna show you and I
got makeup on my face it's going here
I'm not dying to be look at all the
maker the my couples oh my god and is it
Lizzie again hi Marion hair makeup
Aaron's my makeup and this is Justin
good morning this is him this is a
little portion of the I love makeup team
that you will be seeing every day for
the next part of my life every single
day alright don't mind the shirt that
you see me wear many times before but
different channel doesn't matter I can
repeat clothes cuz I don't have anymore
with me and now our cameras on me so I'm
gonna point a camera at you
what do our first take and the first
take of the morning is never any form of
talent from my sides oh yeah
Lyman playing video games a thief hello
camera they were not wrong all right
yeah hello superwoman glugs
could you give me second sticks Lily
what does that mean need to do it again
whatever one's a girl superwoman and
welcome to the tubes hottest now you
guys are realizing I'm this weird even
in many people let me see you step step
back cold and I about to do some acting
right now acting acting like we like
each other wow that's so fish I miss
kidding but I knew in you this is so
show me alright so we're done shooting
this first little segment superwoman now
I'm heading to the I love makeup studio
ramen to change a bajillion times I've
become all the characters I am so tired
it is 11:00 a.m. so so I got a long day
ahead of us but it's okay because I love
all these people and I'm so excited it's
taking on this dragon why am i sad if
you're confused you're like I don't know
what she's doing with I love makeup I
have a series called the tubes hottest
where I play all the contestants in a
beauty reality show so check it out the
links in the description if you haven't
seen yeah like I truly love doing it and
you'll see how much work goes into it so
let's go
all right so we're at the studio I'm
walking in I haven't seen all of these
people sounds like a long time so we
decided to see all of them welcome to
the I love makeups - okay there's a big
pool right here this is what's here so
we gotta make her do this Chandra it
makes me look wonderful she's a stylist
and she does all the wonderful thing
time looks as the makeup room over here
look at all the people
ah so as you can see it's a production
this ain't my bedroom with no lamp like
usual this is our mother as in
production and that couch over there is
calling my name so this is my vlogging
camera do daily vlogs now oh yeah it's
so tiny yeah I think I don't mind guys
hair time yeah
where do all the scripts lined up here
look at the couple thing so got angel
reacts to haters foreshadowing oh snap
okay
Jonah's PSA script foreshadowing these
ice bucket challenge
foreshadowing you're gonna see us shoot
all of these or as many as we can
because we're late stay dude this is
where we get all the food from and they
always have so much junk oh my god is
this a container full of Skittles you
see you see how I love them you see a
look at this thing of skittles oh no oh
no and starbursts Oh
M&M cookies you see this is just well
blown over this is Alexa she's a
wonderful PA and she brings wonderful
lunch into my stomach outfit change
all right so superwoman is a wrap now
it's time to change into Z get my hair
all funky all dark and cool and red
lipstick and earth dang you got some
killer outfits let me go I know you do I
know you do and PG are you ready to get
some her going oh yo your let's do it in
disease
superwoman what up Z what up yo sister Z
look at all the rings and all the
jewelry got the bullet and the funky
pants from the big her I was actually
lunchtime so if lunch let me slice of
what Alyssia right now let's go over
here what looks good
I like my shot you like SH and also
she's like really nerdy but in the best
way possible and so I love her so much
is such a nerd and she's so sweet and
wonderful is good for me it's good I got
the high energy salad food food food
food food food so we got you food right
now and I'm gonna go with my lips so
that they have to redo the whole thing
after Suzy has a tattoo that says
nothing matters right there and it's
based off shaundra's real tattoo that
says nothing met where is it
nothing matters you see that that
inspiration is real real relevant comes
apart if you turn into body guy you like
I get it another camera wonderful she's
wonderful wonderful
all right so about to shoot is Z I'm
going over the script this will be
interesting cuz I spoke a challenge with
Z but all the characters are so John
isn't as easy and it angels in it so I'm
gonna do a whole lot talking to myself
which of course I'm used to
um but yeah she'll be good should be
good fun
welcome to my life got all these people
now I know what the pool is over
check out the civil
yeah okay
all right so follow along right now this
box right here is Yanis box this is the
starting mark since these ending mark
you get that you get all that follow
along here dog follow along cube a so
we're checking the shot this one looks
like it's something ballsy like Z's
cooler than me and every time I watch
tank I'm like I want to be Z like imz
but I want to be Z's he's so freakin
cool man look how cool she is oh okay
see this was Lily she beat me freaking
Ritz crackers in her track pants that
are freakin ripped and stained
forgetting playing bejeweled yo so Z is
wrapped and now we are changing into
Gianna which means I'm losing my soul
and my coolness
what is John aware here well this I can
wear leggings is you won't build to your
legs yeah cause the thank you so the
dress cuz I didn't shave my legs that's
right
okay so but China zip up the dress
because of the boob situation this is
John of double hey this is the Jonah
hybrid right now all right stretch is
sucking just oh no kini kini we just
need this is if they're really very
simple done perfect
you don't have to breathe yeah um don't
need to breathe so this is jhanas luck
with Z's we need to change this now into
John off let's do it Oh Jenna look at me
I'm a douchebag love it Shauna clean and
sleek and soulless I was trying to
moonwalk with the carpet on the way all
right
I'm even or low right now holding
throwing really most importantly this
Oreos my my question are I got Rhoda
cuckoo who can go gonna shoot nation' ah
there's a guard on her she's gonna shoot
owed you and then after that she never
got done to log on her head she look
hardcore - sure sure alright so we're on
to the tenth hour
shooting and one more shot to do in this
outfit then I got a change and then I
gotta do the ice bucket or ssin at this
time I'm feeling very tired and I'm just
like oh but I gotta hustle through got
also through the shoot days always
really really long but at least I'm
surrounded by good people and I love
what I do
so what's okay good my hair yeah want a
skittle I give you a skittle people you
want just get a little skittle oh how
does it taste
it was a small Duchy what's it the
skittle oh no I'm so tired am i okay try
that the part these jewelry is so cool
look as these jewelry it's like keys and
perilous bottle openers frigging Z okay
let's go crew action is my socks right
here I think behind myself you're aware
right now yeah I love it
they want marker it's like what it's
like it's like a Power Ranger injury
where they like I'm giant the battery is
dead weight on a battery change damn it
I do sound I want to be like a rap video
now for the like this what's up son got
John in the house back home in things
here we go my home your uh your hands
crossing over her script oh so you got
you bet yeah you can all right did my
double look to see how the magic happen
cheesy I'm Jana so I just did the ice
bucket challenge for the third time and
it's freezing but Chandra is taking care
of me and this is the towel yeah haha
this is the top
twelve hours of shooting hey babe you
teach me
I'm fine bye BJ ma bye I haven't met you
yet but Louie this is a nice measure
date tomorrow we're heading home my hair
be a hot mess
twelve hours of shooting anything is the
life this life we choose this life we
live we're having a little powwow now to
discuss I guess
Justin good job today oh thank you to
Justin Ryder magic much magic okay
I use a play starter by choosing by
tomorrow bye bye bye bye alright so
we're heading home my ride is waiting
for me you got to go home and wash my
hair okay girl are you really opening
the car door for me you do not have to
open the car door for me who do you
think I am thank you so much alright so
riding home I should message humble hey
hey so I just washed my hair with hand
soap you guys like straight out of the
dispenser like just what you wash your
hands with because I ain't got no
shampoo and I didn't realize that the
person I'm renting from doesn't have
shampoo either so my classy luxurious
life also new pimp alert my eyes like
raccoons that couldn't get all the
makeup off but I tried um so usually
when I finish the shoot days have to
come home and wash my hair because
there's so much product in my hair and
in order to do all the looks again
tomorrow my hair's be washed so that's
not the most brutal part when you come
when you're so tired like no I have to
wash my airs low and humble still at the
YouTube space so now to make something
to eat
tired I couldn't give away everything
happens the episode I was actually
vlogging everything and I have
everything shot but then they're like no
don't give it away what actually happens
so when I shoot these vlogs with you I
have to kind of leave some stuff up to
mystery so that when the episode comes
out you're kind of surprised
so I'm nice I'm going to eat right now
and yeah gym clothes separately so
everything in cold water with Oman
asleep on the couch yeah no oh camon bed
i is 11 p.m. i am exhausted I'm so tired
my call time for tomorrow is 9:30 which
I'm happy about because it's a pretty
late call time I've had some pretty
brutal ones at like 5 a.m. and stuff um
so they're gonna be picking me up at 9
so I figure if I sleep in an hour for
editing and stuff
I'll get 8 hours of sleep which I'm very
content about that's the plan I'm
scratching my bum under the covers but
you can't see huh and that's my rain
this is what's happening in yeah I'm
going to sleep okay I'm going to sleep
I'm going to sleep when you're gonna go
to sleep and I'm gonna go to sleep and
you're gonna click Subscribe if you like
it cuz if you like it subscribe and if
you like it subscribe and if you like
and subscribe and if you think it
subscribe
