hmm never conference call yeah okay so I
have a conference call two minutes ago I
need to practice my voice hi yeah this
is Lily hi yeah I noticed at the office
of course I'm awake and not sleeping
with jewel on my face of a pajamas I
wonder is the number I don't do early I
don't do mornings it's 10:00 that's way
too early for me Reina Lily hello a
pleasure to virtually meet you sir I
promise I'm not in my bed in my pajamas
so I just finished my conference call
and I have to get up because someone's
picking up in 30 minutes for my first
meeting I realize just they're doing
this conference call that even though
I'm doing daily vlogs I'm not going to
tell you everything
he doesn't a lot of things I work on
that I want to be surprised and like
yeah just I don't want all I don't want
you know all my projects that someone
I'm working really hard to like do
behind the scenes than surprise you all
at once so like I might not tell you
everything that happens in my day but
like just know that it's for your own
enjoyment if anything I'm gonna get up
now
and this bed is so comfortable Kings
his bed is so comfortable I just saw
this on Instagram and I'm gonna say it
and pretend like I thought of it myself
wake up Beauty it's time to beast Oh
suppose
welcome in hellooo I'm home oh and the
gym angle or gym though I was like soft
conscious to go to a gym what I'm not
using those machines I'm a badonkadonk
all over the damn place guys no homegirl
Alyssia is about to pick me up to do
some I love makeup problem shoot and
talking my mouth open like always never
gonna get some nice healthy breakfast
but for now I'm having a banana and not
the ice cream that I have in the freezer
improvements one step at a time hey
that's all Sonny let me show you
something real quick this is the outside
of our apartment okay and anytime I come
to LA I never
ever do anything lesion was working
non-stop working non-stop
I'm making a promise to myself to enjoy
this before I leave I'm promising we're
promising right now I'm gonna sit by
this pool i'ma set my bikini I'm a
freakin tan or freaking lacks once
before I leave we're making this pinky
promise to each other right we go so
phenomenal it's like so freaking cool
yeah and I also promise I'm not eating
Chipotle - then we introduce you to one
of my most famous provide noise for la
Riva which was actually most gaiters
tool in the world
the genius when the genius is behind I
love makeup series the two fathers yeah
she's concerned to know women but she's
so hot she's taking me to this really
healthy place we called Magnus in a farm
and deceive others were not into polio
so we're not eating two bullet so I have
this sandwich Jazz's salad and we're
gonna say goodbye to the tummy hopefully
I don't know we didn't get potato salad
- so beautiful
I need to tell you that this ouch I'm
having it's like a vegan bacon things
the bakers are real and it tastes so
good I'm really starting to believe that
healthy eating on that rabbit this
tastes been almost like really close to
bacon
so I've discovered something when you
eat healthy food the situation is not
that just so full uncommon bread because
I can breath right now so that's what
healthy food does I like that so these
take me get my nails done even though I
just got my nails done because this nail
color will not go with all of the
characters it'll go with angel and Jonna
but not ZZ would not be rocking these
peachy nails so yeah me I get to be
spoiled and do my nails again today I
know I'm okay thank you I'm good
move on talk pot was a nun do people
understand what we have to say the
upside we might real up in this place we
come missing Normandy and then the mass
knew 125 next thing is in a virgin you
know what this in size manicure-pedicure
team they just change that many at one
time okay baby I just got my nails done
this grayish color they're not dry yet
but of course I still in vlogging this
and I learned my lesson for the last
damn time
the Apso is real in your eye side this
seems like a massage too much eyebrows
done do you want to panic I'm like can
you do my
because I just want to announce then get
my nails done twice in one week would I
think is this never happens' you I was
expecting like meetings on meetings I
just finished one meeting she okay let's
get your nails done for the can I'm like
okay so technically I'm working right
now that's when you know it's about to
get real real when I need you to go into
meetings and be impressive I gotta do it
because I need to be on like hey look at
me I'm so impressive and I'm such an
awesome individual and you should give
me all your money and support all the
projects so we need to do this yeah you
know what I've learned in this job
weren't the most tiring things about
this industry is being on it's like
being all time is so exhausting
something I'm not complaining stating um
so I'm a collective which is the network
I'm saying to like always it's a
beautiful mother Evan a so last nail it
can never turn this off with one finger
or Danny Hill so every time I walk into
a collective I see this it's like this
banner with all the talents we have like
Harley at appeal time and they have this
gross disgusting picture of me right
there who picked that picture that
picture right there like right there who
picked that picture I look like looks
like a shaadi.com
I'm trying to get married picture let me
show you one more time Oh most unlike me
to me please be my husband
okay so I'm the coolest office well one
of the two cool I'm sorry I'm in one of
the coolest offices and collective it is
all Annoying Orange stuff is Gary bingos
office Gary bingo are you camera shy
great this is him this is Dan we're
having the mom now and we're having
meetings now and I'm being a
professional who's vlogging today so I
just finished my meeting it went really
well sparked a whole aisle of meetings
that sparked a whole bunch of new ideas
in my mind and now I feel like I have
such a new business strategy I'd never
thought of before and I'm really excited
to go home and like write emails now um
and mom got me in uber
so I'm going home because mom takes care
of me um so that's what I'm going home
to meet hum bullies and food and then
today's bill workday I'm gonna try my
best also record tomorrow's video today
because tomorrow
got a bunch stuff to do but that's one
right right now I'm feeling happy
feeling good and why would I not be
there's so much sunshine everywhere it's
wonderful
yeah so I'm back home suddenly I'm
feeling so exhausted and like a little
bit sick I think I'm laying a migraine
I don't know if Assad know what it was I
feel like I did a massage again my
shoulders are so tense I'm really hungry
so humbles already boiling pasta because
communicated via whatsapp and I was like
a boil with some what I forgot no before
that pounds right now
Donnie's born at pause well you put
mushrooms in that sauce but everything
edible mushrooms and I thought that
that's a conversation just went down um
I forgot what I was gonna say there's a
reason I pressed record and I don't
remember what it was why are you so
fancy with those weirdo oppose all fast
yeah um so yeah Franken
I'm so excited with the situation I see
right now and you're making pasta with
the white shirt that's called that's
called being risque right there living
on the edge and yeah we have a conundrum
what's the conundrum this is a pasta and
none of them seem either too big or too
small
to boil pasta with sauce the sauce will
go into this one when we're done what we
can just give the process put the
vegetables in there
slaughter them so that it cooks that way
this will just want to sauce then once
this pass is done boiling on me take
over
are you taking over now I can take over
now
teamwork makes the dream work that's
what's up
so this is situation I cut up some green
peppers red peppers mushrooms do that in
the south for some chili fake some
pepper some salt I take it out I put the
sauce on the pasta and then I put some
cheese on the Saabs and pasture then I
bake the pasture and this is what's up
this is situation Chef Ludo chef chef
Alicia foodie and that's what's up
that's that's what's up
why am I not on Food Network right now
why am i why am I not on Food Network
humbo why am I not on Food Network he
doesn't know no one knows no one knows
it's conspiracy dog Lilly goodies was
also on brick mortar ooh yes goodies huh
all right ji-sun designers everything
that we're going to say grace now um I'd
like to thank processed cheese anyone
you want to thank anything would think
oh shut up
cheese cheese yeah she I said she's we
both say cheese both yeah
shadows the bowtie there's a very happy
past yeah I only bowtie pasta only
nicely shaped like spaghetti I don't
wanna hurt Sadie's feelings or anything
but like I feel like bowtie or elbow
like those have women personality and it
just equals happiness to me
mix it all up and it she is a goodness
mm yes see if you're gonna throw up let
me know so I'm gonna call bunch of
tweets that are telling me that the
issue of Seventeen magazine that
features myself and a whole bunch of
other awesome youtubers is out and like
oh why did no one tell me what the app
so now I'm gonna go try to find
Seventeen magazine so I can take
pictures of living feels super freaking
over cool I also really need a massage
all right so we're on the mission to
find Seventeen magazine right now you
see it anywhere who said that's a tour
yeah I don't know if this is actually
the right issue that's where you go
getting this new issue asan genomes
pills don't we don't have the new 17
here not in order to get a fun
problem-solving you need to come home
so in this really cool massage place
with it but I'm Sachi is excited
very soon if you look at the place
though it so poor it's like bird noises
an - it's like mad for so I feel like
Mowgli is a jungle book - Raj what go
down in the log ahsoka James oh my god
this is just okay jam okay then I'm
gonna face yourself in a folk again you
can't go wild
stand up against a wall wait for pretty
girl to catch your eye anyway so we have
to do paperwork and like humbles a
genius or emergency contact with me but
my name is Lilly middle name you last
name nakorn and I made the birthday I
made the birthday February 3rd year
what's your occupation like favourite
and chain or foot stripper I dated what
stripper I'm pleased for you
everyone minik water roller coaster
right now with my stripper name so we
just finished our massage and me feeling
like SpaghettiOs and Buddy feel like
spaghetti how you feel I feel wonderful
good wonderful great um that I was in
love with Mary just know that either
tomorrow or Monday I'm gonna post a
video called something about this
awkward massage doesn't happen and just
knows we based off this massage it's got
what a module what am i try what am i
flying into this guy so basically
humbles masseuse thoroughly checked his
paperwork there Larry and I put stripper
hahahaha but now he's getting into work
mode I feeling all relaxed we can
massage I feel the giggle not room we're
getting into nacho slash work mode both
working on the nachos and that's what we
gonna do oh it's not the salsa situation
right now bring it to the camera so you
can see situation that's not enough
salsa dude is it not no Google salsa we
ate it yesterday when Hannah was here do
we have to go back out again and buy
salsa right now is that exactly as I've
situation
until we do this we come back home
already this we go and get back on Miko
we need this encoding headed you want to
figure out what else we need
how many nachos do we have check that
using my noggin Ryan I need you my
noggin you gotta make a decision on us
also do need salsa yes hahaha that
seemed very calculated again we can turn
this all-sufficient intercept Club Omega
17 magazine mission bull we're gonna go
on a salsa slash Seventeen magazine
situation basically we'll do everything
possible to know start working oh just
please realize that this procrastination
session is superwoman approved it is
this one is super improved but uh I'm
also slay the world when I get back so
the world's me right here and I was like
are and Commissioner once or twice and
Eliza was right for the first time but
then because I wasn't paying attention
I'm like no this isn't the correct
wattage go to the next word and then we
were wrong for thing and then we really
should be paying elevator for taking
stairs then I thought which was both
side
the models let me walk your party and
then you walk your bocce why
so we've checked three places still no
17 I mean I can also just not be
annoying which probably get tomorrow
from everywhere um but we gonna check
one more place all right so last place
we're checking I I feel like I have a
good I see cosmo you know when you see
Qasim let's use a good saya oh you're
not of saving Ian bitching oh it's 11:47
p.m. and I feel like it's 5:00 a.m. why
am I sold right now why am I tired why
am i why am i because of that I don't
know but I'm going to end this vlog now
because I'm gonna edit it and my date
tomorrow
it was video day and Ali is coming over
who is the boy man awesomesauce unicorn
who produced the Left beat and he
produced a 300 B and all my other
amazing beats uh
so he's gonna love it well uh Colleen is
coming over my baby my baby my
girlfriend Colleen is coming over Lily
the ship is real the ship has sailed the
ship is sailing no Titanic nor iceberg
mom can take a llamas you record
something I'm not right beside of all
she's doing it I love it
make sure you guys say nice things about
me in the comments a little you know
stop saying I things would help on the
comments and Lily is gonna fire me from
her below you guys key card to a humble
I want you to come above me
I'm going yeah another 16 oh shut up
subscribe locks anyways anyways that's
what i'ma do tomorrow but right now I'm
uncovering at-at this man I'm gonna get
good sleep and then what you should do
is if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
nope I beyond Europe Europe herbs you
know I'm
