hello it's moving day so we just
finished packing humble and I now we're
going to the plate see this face is
always the same every time the camera
goes on he'll throw my food I can block
commenting saying they're in love with
the image how do you feel look Chloe
yeah I'm by appreciate the attention but
is it real love is it is it so we packed
up all of our stuff were checking out of
this hotel and heading to the place that
we went 'add which is like 30 minutes
away from here so he's renting a car
that's what we's doing my face is all
tired and put on any makeup because I
was like your ass their zombie
all-natural kidding I forgot to do then
they pack my makeup um but yeah alright
so here at the car into place I'm not
thinking this Maserati idea probably
gonna get either the Aston Martin
Maserati or the Dodge I pick stay tuned
I want to point out that J for breakfast
had a banana and have strawberries and
water on that health tip alright alright
well all the fifteen all right so we're
standing in front of our luxury car
that's what's up we got this sexy
convertible just kidding at the Nissan
is blue it was a cheapest car they had
here that's what's up San YouTube money
Sun first bird free yeah it isn't a
boo-boo bought it that's a plus
oh never mind it does haha can't see the
record button to stop recording sons in
the way so I'm just learned when you pay
less for things sometimes they end up
being better look what our car has USB
charger that's wicked like every car
needs one of those
or your USB it's not that we don't I
want to be particular no we don't have
my later of course like I could I could
get a fat I just hate spending money on
stupid crap like maybe one day I'll buy
a fancy car but for right now this
Nissan is phenomenal it's wonderful
I believe in spending money on like
experiences like good times with friends
exceda are not like stupid kraut or they
spend money on my parents yeah look if I
could take my parents on vacation like
my friends on vacation or like even if
I'm a birthday party and all my friends
are coming to want them to have a good
time I go spit my nose like that not
like name-brand purses and clothes and
coloring money on experiences not stuff
yes simple things that will create great
memories because experience I agree well
that travel yes on travel I won't be
stingy I've been normal standard
schedule yeah I'd do that says the
people in LA who are travelling about
the g-guard cheap hotel there were so
many answer hotel by the way but I still
think our hotel was wicked were you
Wi-Fi it was fast at a fridge at a
microwave I am 6 foot table and they
gave us a 6 foot table through our work
on what that's was alright so now we're
heading to our place for that truck and
he was about to back into the truck and
that would've been game over for us so
we're heading to our Airbnb place what's
the address
alright so we got your place or watch
check it out right now let's see if I
did a good job picking a spot I called
you my abilities
yeah let's see what I'm gonna do pretty
nice so welcome to my temporary home the
next week this is the table this is the
kitchen across the kitchen this is the
family room over here
whichever rooms bigger is gonna be my
room which I think is this one master
bathroom with the washroom and let's
look at humbles room or whichever want
to smell that I'm
this is your bathroom this is your room
yeah like I said in there you could have
taken the closet I'll move I could have
stepped in the car that's humble for you
I believe you have a porch is like a
patio thing as well oh my god
organic food snacks were left for us
welcome home team super this is where
we're chilling I see martini glasses
over there I am content I show you my
closet I could have been my closet uh oh
dude I've never been in a place where
all of my things could finish the closet
this may be the first place I've ever
rented well all my belongings will fit
weed here my bathrooms on let me go my
shine I his and hers what do you mean oh
look who thinks yeah I mean the rock
what's important in this efis and food
leftover nada
we need to a grocery shopping Oh a
stolid Streamy coke the one thing we got
on this is our scream union is what we
took from this creepy so another we
would like to think let's do that those
were Series three time okay this is the
scream least feature her totally put
this out of the whole thing right here
so this is what I practiced in case we
won we didn't Borg enjoy nothing so
we're going to go up Gary so first and
foremost we got to thank the Durrani
Bros for the amazing music production we
have to thank all of our friends and
family that helped with the recent help
this is part of the plan that helped
with the video and spent the whole day
just listen to us yell and scream with
them um got to thank all the fellow
youtubers and people in the audience
that shared land supported it because
you put it out there into your universes
and appreciate that so much
um team super I could not go on without
thanking you thank you so much
supporting me and humble and whatever we
do thank you for adopting humble um and
you want to say anyways I was in shadows
too hardly over there shoutouts to
Kingsley over there and Colleen at home
who shared it as well oh my god all
peoples got shared and show some love
Jesse prankvsprank all you people Tyler
Oakley I see all y'all everybody thinks
the fans but I also want to thank the
people who aren't fans but you watch the
video anyways
and whether you have to hate Commodore
good comment to still give it a view so
it's frequently just the perfect amount
of racism yes that's another note this
is dedicate to all those people that
left sexist racist comments let's all
about being yourself not giving everyone
people say so respect your right to be
raised yes so all the people have told
me to cut my hair and humble to trim his
beard because Mama's room my beard boy
told pillow trim is beard because it
looks like a wizard our responses
expelliarmus we got a scream me peace
out mother we had gone this movie but
since we didn't proceed to be racist son
get this we're pulling out of the
apartment and we say a whole bunch place
to here like yo just imagine we pull up
there's a Chipotle right there our life
will be over we pull out okay we're
going to go grocery shopping now I
really need single room where we gonna
eat
you're never supposed to go shopping
okay get this for those who follow my
vlogs this is actually the exact same
Chipotle for my vlog called I had
everything a Tripoli which means the hot
guy Bryce is there I mean for that
reason alone would you go to 12 it okay
so before we tell you where we're eating
I want you to know now we actually
legitimately walked up this whole strip
and check everyone is a pizza place
that's equally unhealthy and there's no
healthier option no you go to the gym
like when
okay no we're going to German I'm going
to demo Rogen oh but I may get less sour
cream and less cheese and hopefully
Bryce remembers your memory first he'll
remember me Bryce Wow it's not rice it's
our rice what a previous blog reference
so we're going to Chipotle okay surprise
wasn't here but that's okay because
we've still got good food and we are
promising the last time were you junk
food on this trip yeah you guys should
have been more on top of this this is
the last time last time last time for
the record I want to point out that I
got water in home okay bye I'm so full I
can't even brave humble you stepped on
my flip-flop now we're gonna go make
inform the grocery making decisions as
humble has dated yeah salut quickly you
never go through shop hungry I'm so
 stupid okay now so with several
hours later I've just been working
editing we went grocery shopping one
more time cuz we forgot some stuff I
mean buy stuff I mean smirnoff ice oh no
we're chilling Hanna's on her way over
cuz she wants to chill I'm gonna shoot
some stuff so I'm excited about that
deciding what to eat we just had a lot
of rants about a lot of different things
we're thinking about Starbucks oh we're
not gonna get Chipotle though find only
every single be over here we have to
probe way too much I was thinking that
maybe you don't take me to special
dinners anymore we have inside Starbucks
okay so we're free Oh what to eat that
situation we've talked about things such
as lambs home home ownership mom what
else we talked about interior decorating
Tarot decorating out we also talked
about the Streamy Awards yep yeah how
lit was robbed
absolutely robbed but and the hosts were
so bad just kidding the holes weren't
great
well now is I'm not getting junk food
went back to the grocery store they're
all of the game
the temperature temperature I'll send
people think it's too hot people I don't
think it's just right
some people have big beards interpret
technically if you Wikipedia the origin
of turban so that's gonna keep your head
cooler some more I mean it's not that
hot here so we decided not to shoot
today to just hang out and instead look
oopsey we did this and stuff into oops
Lily tell them what you like about my
shirt I like that it kind of makes her
arms naked yeah see it's got mesh jersey
it shows that I'm athletic exactly tell
them you guys bow
looks like our receipe I know I've got a
light Amalia cool what role do you have
any tapes were ripped that's really good
Lily that's really nice hahaha you're
very nice skin so guess what just
happened oh my god oh my god we go
downstairs the delivery guys like hey
you didn't really pick up your food
basically someone else came picked up
the food said they were Hannah or
whatever this again they took the food
do not a conscious yeah so we're
standing like someone stole our food or
this guy is scamming us yeah so we're
single like that's what we did so I -
stroke my bridges that happen yes
exactly I'm ivy we all stroked his beard
and then we're like this is scab this is
a scam he said no but the girl just
laughed and she took your food he was
just trying to make some calls and then
oh no longer and then we're like what do
you mean she says she ordered food from
the place yeah but and I was like what
unnecessary detail to add to your
obvious scam now we're all questioning
you yeah exactly that good outfit that
we're all saying go piss we're gonna how
we could possibly also do this yeah I
was mostly sad yeah and then almost per
to discount our does this Indian lady
cousin appointment say oh my god I'm so
sorry took your food oh my god the food
that is the Angela okay yeah that's
sometimes good things happen yeah that's
a Christmas miracle
mr. grizz's realize it was some Tiny Tim
typisch right here good times we got a
fruitcake that was like thanks I'm
Desmond let's eat
follow the movie I'm in fear this is our
food situation right now all that Indian
goodness because we're eating healthy
right right homeboy are you healthy this
is so mild I know so plot twist the
food's really bad it's really not good
for your thoughts horrible and I know
I'm sleeping a while I say that I'm
hungry I feel like life is full of
surprises then we can't take anything to
be one thing who knows what happened
tonight but I had to take bath it's
really bad if I could knock someone out
if I hit them with mine on right now
it's exceptionally bad design it should
just give to the girl Oh turnin in like
10 minutes and say oh no really
your wifey you want to go make me a
sandwich after all right thanks
don't masticated domesticated Wawa popke
and how about a port outside watching me
him on the balcony me inside when
dragging him laughing at me me said
Shaun everyone clap read John now in my
life of mistake shut your mouth and he
must still look at me and me say Maguire
look this way anyways you don't know
what I said all the folks on the balcony
chillin I'm inside Sheila I'm tired of F
it's midnight I'm gonna edit this vlog
and go to sleep tomorrow I got a 10:00
a.m. conference called a day full of
meetings and just like a bajillion
things to do this my situation every
time I come to LA I have a billion
things to do in a million people I want
to see in me and it is not enough time
in the day brah what stop chatting
rubbish um they were joining me and yet
another vlog I don't think have anything
else to tell you do everything else tell
you mm oh by the way you might be
wondering why am i Nellie I'm an LED
shoot another Siri another round of
episodes for the tubes hottest with I
love makeup and I can't which take on
that adventure it's gonna be so exciting
I am so excited but as for now I'm going
to go and sleep in these unnecessary
amount of pillows right here right here
ah these pillows if you like and
subscribe if you like it subscribe you
your dish as you like and subscribe
