and back to work starting so my vacation
officially ends now today is video day
oh I hit myself today is video day I'm
in LA avid a to catch up on a bunch work
do i video umm wash my face that I wash
I am feeling rested so that's good um
I'm a little bit less annoyed than
yesterday yesterday I was a little bit
annoyed at the whole streamys camera
misshapen it's not a big deal it's just
like that screen time would have been
nice since they pointed at the wrong
person it was kind of like embarrassing
and lame because it's like dude over
here but I mean things happen it's fine
I'm over open rocking like yesterday was
pretty annoyed at that um but whatever
windows day Ãºnica like a million going
new oh my tongue hearts don't bite my
tongue was sleeping ah ah oh oh can I
just say right now that you guys are the
best like I come on I'm on Twitter this
morning going through my newsfeed it's
like I guess team super knows like I
didn't win and I may be a bit upset so
like my time but it's just full of like
oh my god you're in the newspaper
newspaper all these pictures of me in
the newspaper because I'm in the Toronto
Star metro just like a bajillion
pictures oh my god superwoman so close
to hitting 500k on Twitter let's get
that trending I'm a Superman so close
stating formally you guys are trying to
remind me of all my other team is like
so close dating point line subscribers
family can Twitter your the newspaper
like these are so cute I can see what
you're doing is the cutest thing ever
it's like wonderful you're wonderful
you're like the greatest friends ever
legitimately and I'm saying this while
my friend is in the room you are the
greatest friends ever
boom cloud goodies cacti cactus bomb
watching
or Martian fears so we're gonna go to
get some food right you can't walk sorry
so we're gonna get some food right now
um I'm gonna work work what what what
what that's the plan today we're gonna
work in our crappy wonderful hotel room
in our table that's this big and both of
our laptops can fit on it but your ass
was sat and yeah it's pretty much it I
had a bit of popcorn for breakfast but
we promised we had Upolu yesterday we
problem is that we're getting healthy
for the rest of trip this after I take
this popcorn out of my teeth starting
right now we're good eat healthy right
they're very very much so yes you guys
can keep track keep us accountable oh
yes except for when we don't Ben just
ignore it this is the conversation just
went down and this is mine and Gomberg
friendship and like a nutshell I was
like yo I think we should climb this
tree and he said okay send our time in
this tree right here what's doing I was
climbing the tree huh
going like four blossom this is the best
idea I can't go in here higher
I'm stuck so I know how to do this that
one oh this way hey I know how to do
this but it could be okay don't you I
know what to do mmm really mana I made
it this high and I don't know if I can
make it in here no I can't hold on where
to put the camera that's the issue where
I it's so cool you're climbing up on
there huh oh we climbed the tree now
we're gonna get food no more
sidetracking
look at that tree who's about to get our
rabbit on with all these vegetable
Oh one of my poems I'm gonna vlog my
food now because that's how people do um
I got Caesar salad some noodles corn
eggs rice potatoes broccoli and mac and
cheese for the soil for the soil and
humble got stuff too now we're gonna eat
it we got some Gatorade and some
strawberry day one healthy eating slam
see how long this lasts so there's been
confirmed that I have a cut on this side
of my tongue and it's hurts and it's
difficult to chew so now that you like
this what is my life right am I done my
job
am I done my job why am I done Marsha so
room service just knocked on my door and
gave me these flowers oh I'll say hello
from and this little bag or did you you
take a pill yoku new to you but it looks
like he's wearing a Burberry but I
remember when were we right now dribble
pumps on of course it says it's from my
cute boy so of course this no this is
actually for humble and I from some
people back home so humble emotions
hopefully come back with anybody got
these something not any chocolate not
mine no wait
Sundaya loved a man girls dig flowers
yeah guys look at my share Christie
burger you already know is gonna be a
t-shirt reference my tongue hurts so
much it hurts to talk like a really hard
rubber heart my video today is going to
be the realest school advice ever
because I know a lot of people going
back to school and I feel like any time
people get back to school advisor tips
is very cliche it's really like hey
study hard cetera night I know when I
went to school there were so many things
I dealt with and I wish someone told me
the real deal with like things that you
don't read and these advice brochures
and stuff so that's what I'm gonna do
and I'm gonna try to become a tongue of
baka
oh holy I think when I was sleeping I
like nod or like bit Mike I don't know
what the hell I did hurt uh-huh yeah it
did oh all right I'm gonna record it as
hot as f I use all this natural light
right here so the video quality should
be pretty good
I sent tumble out of the room I can't
record on other people in the room I
mean of course if I'm on set I can do
but when I'm doing my own videos I don't
like for people to be in the room so I'm
no proof the folk go for a walk dog it's
not I taught him to come back we don't
have some dinner on the edit this video
my tongue
I just keep complaining about it became
good and yeah that's what's up right now
just a workday nothing too exciting
yeah okay I'm gone call ruff a bug are
my tongue hurts I can't speak this is
gonna be called the time when my tongue
with Brogan I'm gonna put what some
dinner we don't know of course I read
houses only opportunities like pizza I
got a healthy I'm like Chipotle we're
not to eat important little yes you've
only learn rice right is good for you
what help you don't know yeah what
besides subway what told me not
expensive yeah guy it's just like is
expensive to be healthy you know I mean
see these leaves over here it's eat
these cacti cacti are probably good for
you yeah alright so I got this Buffalo
fake chicken salad it's not really
shaken
guys salad stick into our promise and
water someone try to eat this with my
bra cup tongue can wear over here got a
sandwich
how is it really I want to buy I want
all the bytes
why is my hotel room sort of all the
lights are on right now in my hotel room
I'm just sitting up here in dark break
in Antartica North Pole situation up in
here doll ain't no vampire cha anyways
I'm full but this sound was really damn
good I'm still gonna finish it though
because I mean I can still breathe so I
might as well make it so I can't breathe
Humber went through so much browns so
I'm chilling solo party and um just
released today's video I'm talking with
a mouth bomb to him I'm rude I'm just
such a conference call done adding the
video uploaded it hope y'all liked it
you don't know I make videos every
Monday and Thursday on my main channel
Sun and a link is right there in the
description you check it out
mmm Masha Masha Masha top yeah Oh bucket
chop bucket oh yeah
ah moustache top yeah but but a
bucket Oh bother top bucket okay so
today's been a pretty easy day I mean
when my work days I have a whole bunch
of more work to do so I'm gonna do that
and then we're gonna sleep and tomorrow
we are leaving this hotel and checking
into the place I rendered which I hope
should be really nice hopefully nice
isn't like you know nice and bright and
airy I'm live you're now that's we're
gonna do put my Jo just Ted cheering
today I weren't we we just like got up
you know climbed a tree you know it some
food it some work that's what life's
about right yeah
all right then I don't think of anything
else tell you yeah I know whatever you
if you like it subscribe if you're right
or subscribe if you like it subscribe
