II see who is this guy oh he's hella
cute get the hell out of the way
oh how might you want to go let's go
let's do this my doors locked I can't
get out okay you can do this I got my
script put my script reckon later
assault line I don't remember
great preach it in there in the hinder
so they all run pretty rampant in the
window like a chain on fire yeah well it
doesn't seem freak sheets something else
even urban burn yes the optical they
want our outfits back they want our
alphabets back
they want their what is it doubt they
called they want their letters back
yeah yeah there'll be a lot of fun is
except that it would take extra-long get
back to China because of all the rent
security checks thanks to your people oh
yeah by the way thanks for something
about the line in fact you know what's
by the way thanks bro the line we really
enjoyed sweating that one I forgot
thanks for holding up the line by the
way
what are you gonna do you little curry
ball give me tech support until I die
well I wouldn't have to cuddle with text
according to the mandates correctly in
the marketplace good boy is this your
taxi right because I stopped sorry
better blew that car watch Brian mega
dish what is this what is it what is it
it's all the lines by the way what are
you gonna do you little curry ball punch
something of what
please me your Palm Desert honey that
black doesn't work
show my girl with long hair like about
here it would work too let go
