oh yeah that's the reflection of my life
what our production quality what
everyone it's a girl super welcome to
super stamp the official soup women
travel vlog series and today we are
finishing off our Kentucky travels
across Thailand
more specifically across Koh Samui which
as you've learned from previous videos
Co means island which means island up
smoothie and just my intelligent nature
is telling me that Samui just sounds as
if it would be like a samosa that was
crossing the street and then a truck ran
it over so it's not a samosa but it says
Samui Real Talk Koh Samui was epic we
got to go into Safari ride and visit all
these cool places but but before we get
into that true story I exit my hotel
room to get onto the Safari Jeep and
what do I see
Johnny at Ben deck check this up okay
okay you can put your panties back on
it's fine it happens boys you too no
one's judging don't ask okay so the
drivers who are driving us around in
these Safari Jeeps let's just say they
wanted to give us the most adventurous
time possible a k-8 rules and
regulations were optional so there we
are in Koh Samui literally riding on top
of the Jeep but the first place we
visited was this place that's famous for
having nature that's in the shape of a
man in a woman's peepee
try and fresh coconut the first time
appreciate a like oh girl but you gotta
try it you're done what they say on the
beach it's no one no you can't just you
cannot think of an idea just me
hmm but this one you use for cream yeah
I don't think I like it over and cue
Punjabi Safari one right now you see the
pornographic rocks yeah that's what
Mother Nature he was a freak also
coconut water I'm confused by you
next we went to this really cool temple
where you got to shake some wooden
sticks and then a stick would fall and
then you get to pick a number because
the stick and just end it and then it
basically you found out your fortune
also side note there was a modified monk
asking of us both it's not you at the
time this is yes the monthlies mummified
once and I think that's pretty boss no
they put the sunglasses on after his
eyes fell out I don't think he like died
gubin where are you and then we're off
on the Safari again and just in case you
think that as the trip progressed I
started to give more of an f let me just
prove you wrong
some things never change
now our next stop was just epic like we
legit went to epic ville okay it was
basically a waterfall that had water
slides built around it and no me I can't
swim so you know I went down the slide
I'm so
I perform
I don't know why but I think this guy is
so hot something about him is hot
he gives not a single F not a single
effort given and he knows I'm recording
him now I'm not 100% sure about the
symbolism of the next place we visited
but my guess is that Medusa was having a
dance party and then this was the result
just straight up waving Medusa walks in
there do you see this bah people be
making out of stone like how talented
you have to be once I try to make a bowl
out of clay in school this is this where
I'm supposed to put my cereal our next
stop was to a giant Buddha and let me
just say that you don't realize how
unbolting Kanye West and Rick Ross and
all these people are until you see the
giant Buddha let me just say gold gold
gold gold Earth Day
we'd like to interrupt this message to
bring you an extremely cute puppy from
Thailand Oh give me the heaven puppy
because he is my boyfriend
after this we headed back to our hotel
but let's just say that the route down
the mountain was an adventure and a half
the road just completely disappeared in
those rocks and mud and our drivers
respect imagine like temple run okay
except you don't try to jump over the
cracks you just drive right into them
and that concludes my adventures in Koh
Samui and in fact Thailand as a whole
but don't forget if you haven't seen
part 1 and part 2 um make sure you do
that the links are in the description
what all three parts and if you want to
go to Kentucky adventure click the link
in the description to visit their
website don't forget to rate comment and
click Subscribe because this is my
second channel I want you to join me on
my travel this later so racist I want
you to join me on my travel adventures
across various other awesome countries
but for now Koh Samui you've officially
been super step
Oh
