just got a call from the vet about
squabbles fecal sample Kingdom so
Kingdom what up t-shirt reference rockin
that I shall Montana your doesn't wash
my hair off to a great start feeling so
fresh and so clean my box you had a
clean right now order stuff for the
office write a script read a script go
through my inbox blue secret shoot
number one do secret shoot number two go
to a secret dinner I'm sorry there's so
much this today's full of things I can't
tell you what I'm so sorry so I'm gonna
blog in between the nonsenses I'm like a
nighttime shower person like I like
washing my hair and I taking showers and
I foresee I have to wash my hair this
morning cuz my hair was Halladay and I'm
getting my hair makeup done twice today
and I know already that Papi's gonna
black me listen ho I know I love you my
fingers are dusty from your goddamn
greasy scallops all she's like you know
papi let me do it just I'll wash my hair
real quick so I go in this point just
got a call from the vet about squabbles
fecal sample and he has worms and his
intestines he has to take a special
medication he's not gonna come with me
to any of my shoes today should stay
home with Taylor Taylor didn't babysit
him but my poor barely humans and get
them too so like better be really
careful with them but you know me I'm
gonna be like no I wanna how can kiss
you and love you I don't care
Wow snap crackle pop the multitasking
that was happening today though my brain
is really going to explode I'm gonna my
makeup done I'm like memorizing
something for the next shoe but I'm like
paying attention to the script for this
shoe so I'm just like my brain is
literally goo right now
outtakes for me trying to a shock Lily
scare Lily whatever you want to call it
it didn't work you try to surprise me it
was gonna like it was so bad no it was
bad you saw it number two my dinner was
canceled tonight that's kind of
situations I can go home and have more
time to write my script but a lot
multitasking it a lot today rap sheet
number two is so much fun I'm Way too
sick of Maria gave me noir black no
white all day every night let's go you
go die you know
we got to keep us young really yeah
listen I'm seeing this value basically
after spread animal sauce thank you so
much well freelance I'm gonna call 9-1-1
have a heart attack as well oh so this
in Oh in LA I don't know which one it is
specifically it's bumping all the time
no matter when you come there's a line
of all these funds ring to drive through
on the street a lineup of cars oh we
ain't the only fat cows divyam comment
Lily on scarborough's caption game does
he have a publicist or something yeah
that wasn't published this little one
has so much energy today past your
bedtime so much energy
okay okay what this means basically that
I've put into bed and then fission
because clearly at the desk way now it's
not happening I pretty much finished
writing script number one I'm gonna
write two today it is 11 21 can I just
say the level of things that have
happened today okay hold on hold on one
second I mean the level of things that
have happened today I'm really happy
because we're both shoots I was really
happy with my performance you like I
performed really really well both shoots
and so that makes you believe we have to
put this the level of multitasking it's
so exhausting I go to bed you have
problems falling asleep and I'm sorry
because like my brain is on overdrive
and I can't wait till I share the big
news with you of why that is I think
later on this week I'll be able to post
about it but I kind of if I'm honest
have like two full-time jobs now plus
I'm a new mom there's a lot of things
going on give my location thank you
I think that pill he took has made him
super hyper so a couple of minutes ago
up until like a couple of missiles out
of control even now he's being so
restless and I'm not completely sleeping
it's gonna be a long night but I
finished my second script give me the
points it is 1:00 a.m. I need to wake up
at 8 a.m. to head and go do some more CP
stuff tomorrow i'ma go to bed I did
drink a glass of water Jason give me the
goddamn poison didn't vlog it give me a
break
I'm aware boo now Oh guys like um you
crazy
you mother effing crazy doh are you
gonna save me to keep my mop
okay very good
let's see oh dude sleep okay zeebee I'm
gonna
you
