I can't wearing glasses wearing a cat
wearing glasses what I teach at
reference that makes sense
good morning no I woke up today I
stretch and I was like I don't give my f
if yesterday I had a weird rough tough
bad day I'll give an F what don't I give
because today I'll be productive I'll be
grateful I'll be happy and I'm gonna be
present because that's how day's work
you go to sleep and you wake up you have
another chance to make things right
here's the mission for today's you I
gotta go to Tesla gotta come home by the
script got a shooter video game letter
script gotta go kawaii Mills gotta
update my phone and my laptop
good morning lamp you're late good
morning escalator
good morning best friends good morning
balance diet good morning awesome pillow
a fan crocheted for me and then sent to
me I love you good morning network bro
wondered what Hollywood Boulevard looks
like all those people oh my god this guy
right here just recorded his friend
doing something stupid in the street and
I'm like the internet has ruined people
ruined people my car is getting done
right now I wish I had shown you what
that guy was doing on the street when I
tried to show you really quickly the
light turned green honestly he was like
in the mystery drink some embarrassing
crap in front of people and like
recording it I'll just like this
Internet is making people go crazy look
like the era of like loggers that get
views that other people's expense can I
just say please do not take that route
like I'm all for like yo do what makes
you happy but I'm making other people
feel uncomfortable and embarrassing
other people and it's just not cool even
Kyle said that some people move in on
his street that are like terrorizing his
neighbor like such a beautiful smart
place don't make it about that up
no fountains
I just wrote half my script in Starbucks
while waiting for my car to be done it
is now done so we're killing Hey good
afternoon Starbucks customer only
parking where I definitely parked my
Tesla when I wasn't with a customer I'm
so sorry but then I went back and bought
a hot chocolate so basically I should be
President
wait Kyle are you in here oh did they
fix you up on my street cars I love you
missed you so much for such a long 45
Makita happiness is to love
materialistic things more than people
but what wait wait rewind the key to
happiness is to love materialistic
things mother day whatever I'm assumed
when you make out with your car because
we're so desperate whatever emotion
oh he just got home my crews coming in
45 minutes time for what's in here on
some paper in 45 minutes
who done actually really like it it's
really funny I had it in my brain for a
really long time based on a true story
and now I have five minutes left until
my crew is here so I'm gonna take two
minutes of a shower and then three
minutes do my makeup right right easy
right uh-huh you're playing your land
staff right now
yes I am are you playing for Bangkok air
time mm-hmm every other day I am
definitely not virgin here now that's my
distracting very muchly but everything
will go visit us when you're done
what I'm sweating in areas that I don't
want to be sweating okay time to turn
into Lily we're done let's finish this
video
okay we are wrapped a page script in
three house goddamn points now I have a
friend come over for dinner
friend I met in Kenya who's part of the
organization so that's was popping off
right now so Ryan you don't know this
because I didn't do this in Kenya took a
week off but Ryan took care of me in
Kenya and my parents and became best
friends with my parents and my dad and
my mom and he's such a sweetheart and he
lives in Ecuador so I've decided I'm
gonna go to Ecuador to visit Ryan come
cuz Ryan you should come too and you
look how handsome
come join handsome people that's why you
should subscribe to this channel I am
also handsome that is correct she is the
time was like 12 I'm so tired
I didn't even drink like a little bit
I'm not a club with loud music I'm like
have to lose jot down some script ideas
I can wake up a little earlier and
finish it I'm shooting collab with
someone I've never shot with tomorrow eh
hey when you're watching this today so I
need to be a home point so let us get to
work also all right really good
foundation down from my script I said
awake of tomorrow I'm format this is
like a really good compliment let me
know who you think I'm clapping with
today hopefully by the time Spock comes
out you wouldn't already know based on
socials but yo never clap with them
before in the history buddy history I
think we had a very productive day I
feel hella tired and that's the thing
when your head hits that pillow where I
earned that is you might be like sweet
Jesus god yes I I'm gonna wash my face
pop this pimple head to bed let's see
how we did today
13050 so there's only a few days left to
reach our goal - we can do it I know you
can totally be 16,000 girl of calm is
where you can go to buy Rafiki and/or a
pin all the proceeds go towards helping
girls in Kenya go to school I'm so
confident we can we just go so spread
the word if you haven't done so already
please do so because it would be so
awesome if we hit 16,000 whatever you
have would be so awesome everything is I
love everything is cool when girls go to
school tell him if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe
