day one vacation turn up I have so much
work to do
alright so I'm waking up and I'm
instantaneously feeling stressed because
I've woken up to like a billion text
messages what's that messages phone
calls and like I don't mind but it's
like I have a billion messages that
people wanted me to do things or needing
things or like emails to attempt to it's
just like can I just relax for one day
for one day and not many of your public
why don't you just turn your phone off
but you just can't do that with my job
because my whole life will fall into
crumbles if I turn my phone off so
that's what I'm doing I'm gonna get a
bot but but most important it's okay
because I slept doesn't even matter I'm
happy I slept
I'm not tired every vlog for the past
bajillion years building I'm so tired no
I'm not tired right now I am good at a
pack of a bunch of work after just i'ma
stop speaking and start doing things so
welcome to my day of chaos miss let's
died oh gosh sure what up t-shirt
reference so I am I've calmed down a
little bit first and foremost I know
it's bit frazzled earlier I apologize I
some I get really stressed yardas one of
my biggest pet peeves and it's like so
strange because it's a normal thing I
hate hearing my phone like I hate my
phone's going ding ding things like it
just drives me up the wall so what that
was happened this morning and I had so
many of my own things to do and then
somebody other people messaging me and
calling me with other things you know
just like yeah but I've calmed down one
thing I do like about myself Michael I
for the most part that doesn't apply
with all things but I'm able to get over
things pretty quickly like see how I was
so stressed now I'm like that that's ok
that's fine I'm over it unless something
deeply upsets me I'm kind of able to
just be like oh it's fine I'm over so
I'm over it right now but I'm actually
headed to Rick's house because I have to
pick up my computer and all that stuff I
left at his house because I'm leaving
tomorrow so that's a 45 minute
there I'm back and the weather is so
horrendous let me show you it's raining
it's rainy and not nice I'm someone who
needs the Sun I need the Sun to be happy
like it games uh I got you know watch
there cuz I came up that's on me
stay true that's on me know help that's
on me
Oh me for real okay so for those of you
that know anything about Toronto um
you'll know the 407 is the toll route
and it's the one I take as closest to my
house and there's never traffic on it
because it's a toll route but I've been
stuck in this well past 20 minutes
because clear there's an accident I'm
not complaining I just hope everyone's
are right up there but I was not
expecting this right now that's all I
also was thinking I was like because I
tell you guys so much about my day and
then like some of my friends it's not
clear what the hell you only know what
you're doing through your vlogs and I'm
like yeah it's kind of jerky of me but
then I figured out why it's like it's
like this is a diary it's like sometimes
when I want to express things like I
don't always want a reply back I don't
want an answer or solution or advice or
an opinion I don't people to listen
that's what this is like the equivalent
of diary I'm just expressing and just
being heard and I really like that so
thank you for listening to me that's all
I want to say thank you for listening to
me
we're in traffic yep true story this
side rather feel believe in it like my
leg is either here or here like a
decision na won't a teeny Pigman just
Ms always always messages my whole blogs
I mean this car because I'm still but we
go turn a P the way yeah
Latoya did it turn it turn okay tag hey
I am NOT Jasmine i'ma let so far my head
these bumps is lagging Sameera new Bing
bongs gagging I'm starting to feel like
a dungeon dragon rah rah like a dungeon
dragon I'm starting to feel like a
dungeon dragon look at my show for the
Chinese Rosie Spencer I look like
getting back to a has-been yes Eddie has
been hanging up best willing plasma so
it's been an hour and I'm in pretty much
the exact same spot
so we'll help with my day of chaos but I
being calm because there's an accident I
still want everyone to be ok and it's
getting angry doesn't do anything
because people have bigger problems like
the people up there um yeah vaycay turn
up hey it's been two hours
I've moved about
there's much
happy Unicode all right guys I'm sorry
telly the whole vlogs happening in my
car because I'm still here and it's been
so my whole days with this car I feel
like a caged animal all the people on
this side of the road I just chillin
yeah she's gonna lose mom cuz we're not
on the side of the road that mom gave me
with you take me with you go girl I'm
good good yep you can see that my legs
are shaved yay okay well I'm here living
in my car welcome to my home Jelena is
slaying my whole life
I beseech Justin Bieber's post pictures
with Selena now I'm hearing that he was
an ATV accidents to the Gomez were in
the back seat I cannot I cannot I don't
judge people
whatever Selena wants to do is up to her
I even like Justin Bieber I have nothing
against anyone I don't I don't have
anything against any celebrities
whatever like the media makes most of
this crap up anyways and I don't know I
don't believe no mother effers but the
point is slaying my life like just
slaying I cannot with these two I love
them
but I'm so jealous at the same time I
don't know for more jobs I feel like I'm
more jealous of Justin though because
like I wanna be in a TV with Selena you
don't mean God
okay so I just passed these signs that
say emergency seen ahead and I'm just
like I hope everything's okay feel shy
it seems like someone really hurt and
now I'm just like why do bad things
happen okay so I'm finally free I'm
driving on the open road you do look
like quite a big accident there are a
lot of trucks involved and stuff um I
didn't vlog in a marble vlogging
accidents but hope everyone's okay I'm
on my way to Rick's house resuming name
finally made directs out bregma taru
three hours three hours to get here
worth it though because he's alright I'm
the best
thanks for giving that computer to roam
her back enjoy that now I'm
gonna go back on the road tell Mickey
Mouse to say hi hello hi Mickey hey
Mickey buy some thinking since I'm
already here in Brampton I might as well
swing by sandy sense as well pick up my
outfit for the streamys they're sending
myself chaos later on
that's what I'm gonna do I see way for
my phone to turn back on this sign
doh it's like it takes 50 minutes for my
phone trim back on first wall problems
I'm kind of samosa I'm very happy
honestly I'm just in care so I picked up
my dress from Sandy my phone like just I
need to know how to get home considering
on-off on-off because this car charger
was hard to fast enough I'm lost I'm
driving around aimlessly I don't know
I'm going I'm just a t-shirt references
all day what up what up what up
so I'm guessing my way home still
haven't started any the bajillion things
I need to do but you'll do it we will do
it chillin chillin bro chillin oh I saw
so much stuff to do but look who came to
visit my baby my baby sexy so just bring
my dad sucks and she but see something
about nano she's just soaking still she
come to my room with a disaster she
comes over cuz she knows believe him for
a while card cupcakes this is why she's
my girlfriend that's why we're gonna get
married forever this she gets me cuz the
cookies had Chips Ahoy and you might be
thinking I'm referring to the chocolate
chip but no let me just girl Rita
clarify this you to open this cuz I
ain't talking about no regular cookies
in the cupcakes right now I'm the sauce
people don't know it I'm dumb up chips
all high up in the cupcakes right on the
come hey why don't we messed up but it's
like a reflection of us son don't go
okay so the cupcakes all apart
haha the cupcake fell apart but you know
what stop alright then we go we go
alright then so I'm gonna open the heart
no she gave me says he good because that
word makes us very uncomfortable makes
me very uncommon
that's okay congratulations she's
just just go just go
so the card itself says couldn't be
happier for you but now I'm gonna read
what an ocean is actuated babe period
besides this big appeared babe you were
in a movie you walk the red carpet
I was the red carpet you look fab
I'm so proud of you so that makes me
well the situation any time either of us
are involved with anything so if I'm
like hey oh my god so well I might even
tell her what to say she already know I
oh my god and this drink is so yummy
babe I am your drink yes she is the
drink this is the science of it all it's
like she is the red carpet because I
walk the red cut it I feel really bad
for you nothing else nothing else you
thank you baby
yeah
I'm gonna chop em mm-hmm
yeah yeah and there you go ha Dada
don't you go freak luck there I know
that's your interpretation ha ha you
mean I don't love you are you gonna go
No so nan left
I'm not done packing but I mean I got
enough done for today so I can go to bed
and ah then my flight is tomorrow
evening
that's happening that's what's happening
I used to having to wash my hair because
I'm gross but I'm gonna do it tomorrow
morning because I'm too tired now hope
you enjoyed the trees vlogging thank you
for joining me in tomorrow we're gonna
go to Florida
turn up turn up if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it click Subscribe
