the moment you've all been waiting for
together Lily
what
what if everyone I just finished my gig
I had an awesome time I love it I love
it I love it and now I'm hungry so I got
jumbo slice from DC are you ready for
this look this look at this piece of
pizza though it's the size of my body
like I can't even like I'm gonna attempt
to eat this you ready for this hold on
hold on you do it had a bit of lemon
yeah I had a bit of a moment side-stage
I want to share with you I know I'm a
pansy sometimes and I'm sentimental but
I have to do it at a moment where I was
looking at the audience and I was
looking at the stage and I just like I'm
honestly so blessed I'm so blessed for
every person that comes to one of my
events or watching my videos or anything
and I'll tell you why I had this moment
it's because when people announce me
they often say it's the moment you've
been waiting for and that moment is me
that moment is me and the thing about
that is that you and I are waiting for
the same moment because that is the
moment I've been waiting for as well so
thank you so much for everyone who's
ever coming to support my event or
anything comment like my visit I really
really appreciate it you ought to see me
in the world to me so thank you so much
I'm so blessed and humbled and I love
you so much that is a wrap and this is
the moment you have when you are all
been waiting for
