welcome to Mackay wired up welcome to
house sweet very humbled and privileged
to be here as decided to rain so we're
gonna jump in the outdoor hot tub to the
ballot counter balance and as you can
tell I'm not straightening my hair I'm
doing the complete bush monkey frizz 100
percent wild type thing also bringing
back overalls because I want to look any
this hot tub started me and Papa Bear
are we gonna do it up and welcome to me
now and this is a beautiful table like
Jurassic Park instead this is the buffet
area I got my I'm coordination going on
roll you know Buffy and stuff son
adapt to okay are you ready for this
I'm so happy you get to come on my
vacation with me I'm gonna do a whole
bunch of blogs in Mexico thank you for
joining me
we're gonna have an awesome time and
tell the next time I vlog mwah adios
amigos
