I'm so confused because I just stopped
recording yesterday's vlog right now and
then I pressed record now I'm according
today's logs like what day is it so I
haven't slept yet I got home and I went
to go into my driver's license and get
this information so I've taken a picture
from a health card driver's license and
60 seconds before I've checked this new
picture a mosquito bites me and swells
up my face now my face be looking like
The Hunchback on my mother effin face in
this damn picture you know what honestly
honestly honestly that mosquito was rude
anyways
it is like 9:30 a.m. and haven't slept
yet so I'm gonna go to sleep but first I
have to do something really important
McDonald Cinna melt oh and you've never
had one roll Gipper you haven't
experienced life though okay goodnight
Lily's not here right now but please
leave a message after the pill
so it's 4:30 p.m. and just getting up I
feel like my foot is broken on my toe is
broken and everything's broken
even you're really tired and everything
just broken everything's broken my
everything is broken I need to get up
because well first of all it seems like
a gorgeous mother-effing day outside
secondly uh difficult what I'm wearing
for my event tomorrow and then I have a
red carpet on Sunday that each fur girl
you just would go how to get rid of this
pimple and then I need to DVR and then I
need to go to Rick's house to keep
working oh gosh plantation same clothes
never change
yeah okay so Jesus
I've halted my day a bit because my
Twitter has blown up and a lot of people
have messaging me because as you may or
may not know I'm hosting an event
tomorrow and so maan Khan's gonna be
there and follow me there like who the
eff is Salman Khan he's really good but
really big Bollywood actor he's gonna be
there um and someone has come to my
attention that there's this wonderful
man who suffers from a disease and I
hope I say this right if I don't I'm
really sorry Tommy's big nur it's called
cerebral policy I think and he's
someone's like biggest RAM and people
are trying to get me to get him to meet
Salman now although I'm hosting the
event I don't really have like the ins
with Salman I can't go to Salman but yo
made this meet this wonderful person
so I'm attempting to work out a way with
the company production company Salman's
management some way where I can take
this man backstage and hopefully meet
someone that's what I'm trying to do
right now and I feel weird vlogging
about things like this because I'm like
I'm not doing it so I can put it in a
vlog and like people can know at night
it's just I do daily vlogs down this is
what I'm doing so it's like but that's
what I'm doing right now and I hope I
can do it fingers crossed that I can get
him to meet Salman that'd be kind of
cool to experience together yeah do I
ever change my clothes no no it's the
real me dag I'm shutting down I'm so
tired
and zone time I think I'm gonna head to
Rick's house and then my friend sandy
skg my stylist lady bow to the mob I
she's can't even function I'm this
shutting down right now I can't but John
would need a rockstar
Backstreet Boys on the radio best day
ever
nice place the cousin Jason I'm just
parking so like I'm not being that
dangerous all right so I just need to
make one stop forever21 one stop one
stop you ready
I just tried on our billion closes do I
need any of them no am I gonna buy them
all yes okay so I'm done shopping and
every freaking time how do I spend this
much when I buy so much stuff in the
extra-large bag and seven look I'm not
gonna like one of the things didn't even
fit me but I was like oh it doesn't fit
me yet but after I work out this is
gonna fit me go why do I do that I never
work out I have this one item every
shopping trip I'm like oh I'm gonna fit
into you soon
and then I go into pizza do you do this
is this me why do I do is why do I do
this
driving from 50 spike down nectar good
oh man Sandy's house and I'm gonna lie
down and she's gonna dress my dress my
make me luck god I'm so tired okay what
do you have for me you like my leather
friend my friend get his girl got her
business card at look at this look at
this girl up in this business cuddler
stops her ski so this is right up ah I
got my outfits plans we have two options
for Sunday because Sunday Ryan helped me
out um it's all about which one shows
the least amount of muffin top
Hey so that's the two outfits right here
and then I'm also picking up my over the
streamys because I think I'm going to
that and yeah just a whole lot of output
stuff going on I don't know about that's
why you have a skanky
anyways tell me where so get this I
locked my keys in the mother effing car
I'm so tired no when I check the
flashlight in there there or now we're
waiting for someone to come unlock my
car the person's name is Bindu 40 bucks
to Brenda
I'm getting my keys at the car yeah yeah
oh my god now my own oats what the hell
it was
I wouldn't trying to put this into drive
past 50 minutes I can enter the camera
and go to drive why did good out here
I'm so mother effin annoyed right now
this is my day has just turned into
chaos first the keys in the car I'm just
losing my mind I'm sleep-deprived I just
realized I haven't eaten anything all
day and it's the first thing I'm eating
I asked for maple Deb Dona she gives me
like this cream filled one that's not a
maple get donut it's not a make I always
order me positive donor I know what the
maple dip doughnut is I know what it is
that's not it Rick I'm stressed right
now I'm stressed right now my day has
just turned into friggin diarrhea poo
anyways this is Rick hey hey we're gonna
work now yeah so I'm just working I'm
about to start writing my cue card notes
or tomorrow I'm hosting the thing I
always meant cue card notes even if they
give me a script or whatnot because I
hate holding like four pieces of paper
and stuff I need to hold like my little
cue cards and things and that brob so
that's what I'm doing right now I'm so
excited because Rick matar√≥ gave me
Riley's colorful pens to work waiting at
anything and now I make you cry is going
to be an inquisitive restoration branch
and masuo excite so excited I mean two
things today one Asuna one to McDonald's
combo ladies and gentlemen this is how
you get out right here he's wondering
how I got my phone app I fell into the
bag I promise all right so it's 5:00
a.m. I'm going home
how would today feeling productive very
productive I'm feeling we're not so
productive more productive than you
though oh shit okay so more progress on
to level number two we're going home
because I got a prep for tomorrow and
quick question for your for your
comments I read it on Twitter and I
think is cute somebody asked what would
you rather touch Lily's hair or my beard
what kind of question is that obviously
my hair oh it appears reeling oh but
your beard is penis remember that shit
you've touched the beard now all right
so it's 638 and edit this vlog and go to
sleep I have a lot of things Heidi I
don't know why something you should know
about me I don't get nervous to perform
let me rephrase that I do get nervous to
perform the moment I get on a stage
I have 0% nerves like the second I get
on stage and I say my first word I am
floating I love it I love being on stage
however the moments leading up to that
moment I'm obviously a little bit
nervous and a little bit like today for
some reason it's like worse it's like
not even the minutes leading up to it's
like the day leading up to it it's like
I have some sort of anxiety and I
usually you can see up my nose sorry I'm
not doing this because I'm the light you
whatever um usually well they're gonna
say it doesn't matter how many
subscribers I have 3 million 10 million
20 million it doesn't matter I will
always be nervous about people showing
up
it literally I'll always even if I get a
billion tweets saying coming to see you
I will be like no one's coming no one's
coming know I feel really anxious right
now I don't know what it is or you know
it might not even ready do it small I
feel like over the past few days I've
had this feeling I don't I've had this
like anxious bad feeling I don't know
what it is I don't my periods not done
yet I know the point is I'm a little bit
nervous for tomorrow and I wasn't able
to sort out the whole bringing the
viewer to meet someone thing but I mean
there's still the red carpet tomorrow
and now I'm thinking because it's so
last-minute for today
I'm gonna see if he can be my date for
the red carpet that way you can read so
Mon I'm trying to figure it out okay
good night if you like it's pride if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe bye
