yo what's up with your girl super moves
my blog give lovely where Emma I'm in a
hotel hotel motel holiday inn with my
manager AKA my sister who's ignoring me
in the back hello hello that's right i
have a gig right now Northeastern
University for Delta P Omega sorority
and I've performed for the sorority
before in Washington and I'm in Boston
doing the same thing so I've got my
anything boys can do girls can do better
I've got my glasses I got my swag on
hopefully i don't know i might look
stupid i'm not sure but we're gonna go
performer me to whole bunch of awesome
people and then boston for tonight for
the rest of the weekend I'm in New York
I have four flights and total I'm
they're all at 6am cuz we don't know
what sleep is a minor we got tab but it
so enjoy the ride and my blog ativa
lovely lovely blog are you blogging hey
Toro okay so this is how I prep my cells
prep my crispy I can't speak decide
crapped myself before performances I
literally do this doesn't matter who's
in the room this is why I do I came here
and I'm like what if ever wanted two
girls to prom and go we can kill this we
go kill this change people's lives bill
you be a unicorn cuz you are you awesome
they're awesome everyone's awesome we'll
have an awesome time you won't kill it
I'm so proud of you I'm so wow that's
what I do stuff like that so so so i'm
just waiting you to perform i love
seeing things like this makes me so
happy oh my god girl I didn't fix my
nail polish girl I did not fix money I
got before i got for me I got before
it's a joke right now I see
that's a schwa I got a 6am play y'all
gonna make some noise right now okay
some of y'all talk for each other's and
I hate you I'm sorry you had to find out
this way starbucks guys like what the f
Wow
I think it√≠s a birthday on the 24 so
happy unbirthday scheana happy before so
how'd you guys feel up at the show today
it was so fine it's just there's one
thing you're taking away from today what
do you think that is I think it might
have a hug you're so inspiring and the
show is amazing her in myself period
actually like everything she's been
through and like I watched a video so
long it just like make me smile stop Oh
yep yeah yeah yeah super shows Lawson
she was great very inspired
inspirational insightful yeah we love it
we love to talk I'll be down watching
make a mess there you go almost there
you go it's similar it's somewhere you
know what a forever okay get this the
crosswalk talks to you look look look
wait wait good boom done yeah wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait don't tell me
what to do we cross in now ok back
