I'm always late oh I'm always late
there's never time good good morning
lovely one kind of slap yo lucky vlog ah
look who's with me
I stole someone or maybe a child across
the world you'll never know look who's
here BAM its inquisitive illustration
what's happening look I don't wanna keep
saying I can't do your s thing but I can
do it uh in Toronto and things in
Christine so the snows amazing we don't
get any of this we have like - - cause -
cause of this - two quarters of this is
what they has a snow wise Todd right
don't fall down it's a puddle here I
don't know how you wear these shoes okay
us Canadians are used to ice and snow
all right so these Brits I tell you my
hair's in this - my checking mail from
beauties let's do baby nil and pretty
spam movies are you operating mail from
your Beautiful's with enclosed
administration and and this one is from
Mississauga but doesn't say name but
Mississauga thank you so much appreciate
it and this one is from Texas and it's
from Truman thank you to me to you and
this is Bram um I know where this is
from okay what is that a state aka I
feel like I should know this live in
North America we're gonna just open the
Google eggs right now okay
it's a Alaska no google wrong but Alaska
Thank You Joseph - Joseph and this is
from Australia oh I'm from Krish oh I
know Krish I know I recognize you from
Twitter I think you're I think her um
profile picture is her in the superwinch
er oh I think if I'm wrong a moose or I
recognize you
I know you're really big supporter so
thank you um and then we have I think
it's a sketch on Holly
that is really impressive oh my god no
so unicorn horn wicked and then we have
I don't know where this one's from we
will open it and check but it's pretty
um and then we have just lean from
Brampton Brampton chuckle they're from
New Jersey doesn't say name but we go
open it
we're gonna check and then we have on
one packet good so we're gonna open them
and let you know what I won oh my god
it's like a card in a car there's a card
in a card
it's friggin amazing advance who driver
to open packages well it's a lot oh my
gosh okay are you seeing the swag watch
you guys shouldn't spend money on things
like me it makes me feel like a young
man and it's very very nice though thank
you so much that's amazing it's really
simple you guys are so sweet
thank you that's really sweet oh bloody
hell
Michael Kors and ting
Wow guys can get me gifts if you want to
like you know I'm not you guys don't
have to send me these kind of things
like thank you so much to thinking I'm
worth that right there I've really
appreciated it says one year has passed
from meeting you talking my appreciation
you most definitely deserve this my name
is Yusuf Yousef you're so sweet
Yousef I love you but you really have to
do this but I'm so grateful thank you
thank you so much thank you
Yousef good yo I just finished reading
this card and I want to cry this is one
of the sweetest things I receive so
thank you so much guys sending me such
sweet stuff I really really loved
reading with you guys that means thank
you so much once again I'm in finishing
them full inquisitive a letter here
I'm pissed PS could you please tell the
Roberta and I'm in inquisitive we said
hi with a heart
oh my gosh really yeah oh hello thank
you - babbling and Simran - babbling and
Simran yeah oh yes super what makes her
dreams come true that's what I do it's
what I do my mom just found two gray
hairs on my head and she pulled them on
show them to me and they were gray and
white and ugly that's the way is ugly
I'm a racist I'm just say those things
in my head and you were worrying real
all my life is over
yeah she was she's really upset
hey kiss my mama she's in my blood she
just wants me to prove to you guys that
she's not actually evil like how I
portray her to be yes yes yes she's good
she's cool she knows all the songs -
Drake Drake lyrics you know every single
every single lyrics she know this one
when we like if she just hit me on the
head okay kiss for the camera mom oh my
mama
Luckett see its inquisitive feeling
really awkward and out of place
look at it place right now okay anyway
person okay okay yeah
