yo good morning look at my view it's so
pretty
koonta okay that kidding I was talking
about this one not my view all the water
and trees on the little view so I woke
up to a very pleasant gift boys you're
gonna love this I got my period yes yes
I love this I love it I'll be bleeding
right now it's like 11:00 so I don't
have a watch is 11 something I need to
get to work I'm actually contacting the
YouTube space to see if I can use their
edit Suites and all stuff I need to get
my video up early today because I am
behind a time zone than usual Ellie is
three hours behind Toronto person for
most I need to poop you're not coming
with me
oh oh oh
yeah all right so I'm at the YouTube
space la and this cool helicopter
outside you ready let's do it and the
doors locked
this is the YouTube space best thing
about the YouTube space free skittles
it's free you don't have to put a
quarter in every love that YouTube perks
is where you can edit they got a youtube
vending machine thing you think we could
win prizes so give these cards mindset
superwoman on and I know if you read it
went to my edit sweet these edit Suites
are wicked the computers are so fast I
much do this it'll go in this is added
space all for myself where I can do all
my editing and computers are so fast the
internet so fast it's really good to be
productive in my freakin favorite place
house Toronto had one of these but I'm
gonna get to work
then I'm gonna give you a proper tour we
gonna turn up everybody turn up they're
looking at me through the window alright
so today's video is going to be the only
VM a review you need to watch you know I
love awards show so I'm going to review
on it I usually do review videos just to
know I'm very big on when I do reviews
about anything especially like I do
celebrities I don't like to be
disrespectful
so I always try Q a positive I don't
want to make fun of anyone and even if I
do poke a little bit of fun I do very
light heartedly make sure it's not
offensive and also people don't like
that because not as funny but that's
just I would never feel right in my
heart like being disrespectful all the
people every not celebrity I just am NOT
about that makes me feel gross so that's
what I'm working on right now and then
I'm gonna head to a studio I have booked
out to record it so excited that you
guys are spending the day me yeah
alright so I just walked through the
studio I have booked out today it is
this epic green screen studio I don't
need a green screen at all but this is
the studio they had on such late notice
has all these funky controls for light
that I died and I had to use I don't
even use my own camera but this
parameter of course I guess I'm gonna
have a green background I guess it looks
pretty cool with the shirt this could
look pretty cool pretty cool pretty cool
um so that's where I'm shooting and I
don't have a tripod so I'm gonna show
you
cool equipment cage they have because
it's epic YouTube space that face dog
ever gone a long time thank you I
totally forgot my tripod I need a really
simple tripod a really simple try this
is the really cool equipment cage isn't
just so cool can I follow you into vlog
ya doing I'm doing it I'm dyeing it
everyone's really cool here they won't
give me some super advanced tripods I'm
not gonna how to use that's gonna happen
you can use this one all right thanks
wavers you had last time okay cool
sounds good the first time I ever came
to the YouTube space I saw this poster
and I knew it was a sign instantaneously
oh my god Indian people thanks bye
so got my tripod as you can see when
here so helpful and so awesome like
YouTube sites just a place where you
come to help you make content like you
have any technical questions they help
you out every time I come here feel
super pumped super productive I really
wish Toronto had one but I mean maybe I
moved to LA one day and I get to use
this all the time um this tripod is
bigger than me
hey ba what's going on uh see you later
it's right so get this okay I'll go to
the front desk I'm like hey where's the
closest washroom in like the nicest want
to do my makeup and dudes like oh my god
makeup room free so just so I didn't
have to do my makeup in the washroom
they gave me this makeup room because no
one's using it and I did everything so
last minute I knew even booked out of
this freaking YouTube space and so
helpful the best part of being a
youtuber is this space also they're so
helpful makeup room it's better in my
washroom other thing I have be Johnson I
got a couch on say do I look like the
Johnson definitely don't know why
Beyonce yeah i'ma do my makeup okay this
is gonna sound really weird but I
promise is true something about putting
eyeliner on my eye instantly changes the
color of my eyes a book Sigma's are
pretty lay and then
is that it might just be me I don't know
when I put make about my eye color
changes like it looks I don't know I
feel like I'm gonna shut up now all
right I forgot my eyeshadow and my lip
gloss but this is my makeup look I feel
like I'm pretty decent at makeup someone
comes but my metope idea I was like
really - problems are shooting now
procrastination at its best door began
again this is this is what I do I'm sure
loan all day and that's what I like to
vlog I like what you guys are with me I
feel like our friend now thank you for
being my friend
all right let's do this I know how to
use a tripod this Godzilla of a tripod
so I've ever how to use it so I gotta
eat a baby when I'm trying to work out
right now
tried complicate things with the pitch
I'm switch this up still haven't started
yes I know I'm wearing the same shirt as
social Khan but I have Oren in video so
please also have you noticed I haven't
had breakfast yet this is what I do this
is what this is why I'm a healthy this
is what I do what I am yeah so I'm done
editing now I'm just waiting for it to
render and upload can't even eat
anything besides popcorn what am i what
am i human and my human I'm a human I'm
a human I'm human
a human no no no no I got go clean up
some stuff now but yeah that's the
standards of things I'm on a swivel
chair in my drag up arms and I fell off
the chair
could be three months pregnant I'm so
bloated because my uterus
don't uterus is exiting oh no I'm just
waiting my video to upload and to
receive the email so I'm literally just
sitting here and waiting it's really
really cold inside so I'm sitting
outside and that's how - hi Morgan hard
or hardly working huh
I really want food I really want
Chipotle man I have a dinner tonight
with one of the girls who works at the
YouTube space
she's solar Ginger's a freaking helps me
out with YouTube stuff so um nothing to
say I'm just lonely and I want to be
with someone why am I so emotional how
you won't interrupt my singing why am I
so emotional
stay with okay I'm done alright so while
we wait we're going to graffiti the wall
let's look at who was here it says
Rebecca Black was here
thumbs up for rock and roll now you guys
have been at the space - ah yeah so one
bad thing about the YouTube space is
that it's in the middle of mother-effing
nowhere I've been waiting for my uber
literally since my 12th birthday guys
sort of god I need to go home take a
shower for again lie down for 30 seconds
and then go to my dinner because I'm
gonna be late we waiting for the uber
that's my update right now my life is so
hard right now my life is behind I think
my uber hat oh snap look a sweater and
wing same sweater for the record reason
being a path really like this trip only
Kaka carry-on so I'm like I'm gonna wear
the same sweater in Old City so many
different people I impact and destroy
while attacking these waters hell nah
more the same clothes err
day how's that for YouTube money son not
given an if okay so get this grab this
place called Cafe Gratitude it's so
minute show me all their meals are
called like happy magical humble oh my
god humble they've a meal after you and
it's like so like unicorny so I'm gonna
get you Cho just the Mexican goal
because I really want something that
tastes like going hungry okay so we just
finished dinner with amazing people and
I'm so full of doing this just feeding
my baby right yeah and I'm heading back
to my hotel and dropping back to my
hotel because they're sweethearts and we
talked all of the YouTube things all of
the YouTube things we talked all of them
and now I'm going back home and they're
laughing at me because they've never
seen live vlogging people oh my god now
you saw them oh no oh no you know what
to do that big feather baby
Oh Oh
so I just realized that I didn't
actually tell you guys why I'm in LA I
was watching my blogs in like I am
telling people I'm in LA because I'm in
doing a keynote speech at the YouTube
space tomorrow
yeah I'm speaking to a bunch of new
creators and giving them just advice and
tips and some be really fun I have to
actually go prepare my speech right now
but it's pressure be pretty easy I'm
just speaking about YouTube how I
started tips and tricks and like getting
some new creators some advice on breaks
I need to do that so that is why I'm in
LA now you know so you'll be seeing that
blog de blah de blah de blah de gravely
wrong tomorrow my room at where my room
at oh my God my room got stolen
look at me procrastinating like a boss
like a boss
alright so it's 12:30 am I just finished
reading my keynote speech I think it's
pretty good I mean I probably didn't
have to prepare this much for it I mean
this is what I kind of did have a whole
bullet point thing and I probably didn't
have to prepare this much but as I
mentioned before I don't like being
unprepared if people are going to come
to hear me speak want to make sure I'm
prepared and I have something worthwhile
to tell them but first I open up saying
thank you for having me and then I
pretty much just say I think YouTube's
one of the best jobs in the world and I
would love nothing more than to help
people achieve the same thing and so I
have no problem doing this I start with
how I started YouTube the challenges I
went through including you know hate
getting exposure being compared to other
people finding my own voice yadda yadda
yadda I go into like business lingo like
being cornered into a niche market yadda
yadda yadda and I basically say all the
things I've done to get to where I am
today I'm gonna share with you and these
are the bullet points of what I did
literally not any vague advice but
literally what I did so I talked about
that consistency I talked about
marketing I talked about cross promotion
about timing about smart transitions but
what works then I'm gonna open it up to
a Q&A so I feel pretty good but a long
day
I'm gonna wash my face jump in bed edit
this and go to sleep by the way my main
channel video did go up I never told
y'all check out the VMA review in my
main channel and if you do when you
watch the video comment below saying I
came from the least second channel so
people know what's up and if you do
comment that I will respond to some of
you so yeah go ahead check out that
video and comment saying I came from
Lille second Channel hmm it's one of my
favorite places to be the way here mmm
thanks for spending the day with me I'll
see you tomorrow
oh and yo if you liked it subscribe if
you like to subscribe if you like to
subscribe
