we're blogging on the bus this is my
best partner name is Mona
you may recognize there from the show
pretty little eyes you know I got at
least like 12 common Chinatown my
apartment is here and we just have to
eat some pizza and then I have a meeting
I'm not gonna tell you right now we're
in Little Italy as you're traveling
across the entire world and looking for
a pizza place called I think Lombardo
Lombardi oh I'm Marty I'll borrow to
help minorities we lost the last of New
York moms you don't see me home on
Sundance oh okay okay so I recorded this
before I left in New York because I knew
I would want to put this in the vlog
already so y'all know my vision board
you've seen it before I just wanna take
you down down down to right there okay
ready to go to my meeting room and guess
where I am
guess where I am I'm at MTV i jealous
because of you oh my god that's right
it's pretty unprofessional someone stop
now whatever went to girl someone I just
finished my meeting in the Platinum room
son and we would look at the view again
one more time because as you can tell
I've been here for hours cuz the Sun is
going down now so super stars are made
okay right there anyways we're gonna go
shoot random this on the street now cuz
we don't have no self pride
check out our Wickham here let me show
you around
I do just like just follow me no get
ready now
hello what's another day in New York and
I'm wearing my ginger jay-z ho teacher
I'm trying to the whole would have one
hand so it's not someone connect this
for me hoped sending outside is making
my unicorn
I'm here with a New Yorker karen Dasom
how do you feel about the song cake cake
cake by Rihanna why for apparently
there's a cake boss hey they sell stuff
from Carlo's Bakery
this is an ocean you don't you can't
stop laughing
so guys we couldn't get any cabs look we
got a stretch limo okay hello randomly
on the streets of New York
