I am heading to the airport let's go
play so I'm not a morning person I fell
asleep I like 8:00 a.m. I got like an
hour and half asleep I couldn't fall
asleep your life of me I don't know why
no idea no idea I don't like to sleep at
night apparently in the morning I love
sleeping though so I'm at the airport my
rides waiting outside I'm not a morning
person as I said I'm always really
cranky when I leave now oh boy so kaddy2
my family and I feel so bad but I can't
- mornings but we go jump in the car
come on let's go hey so I'm in the car I
am so sleepy but I've Keim's with me for
those of you that don't know Keynes is
my bestest friend in the whole wide
world keeps an eye pillow that my mom
made me for Christmas she's so sweet she
knows I travel and I always need a
travel pillow because I'm more sleeping
on planes and she made me this like she
went out bought the fabric that she
thought I would like that has ice cream
cones and she made it for me so this is
my emotional representation of my mother
and in my doctor's done in the homeland
we head to the airport but I need that
make one crucial stop if you know what I
mean
I'm in the airport waiting because of me
you don't know who that is you like with
all the nervousness opposing my life
this is jazz jazz lean just fireteam
super she's my sister and she's
wonderful she's wonderful at put on the
spot
page is me pity and nurse we're waiting
in the airport my flight was delayed by
one hour
so we're chilling I'm so tired
also I had to check in my bag even
though I managed to pack in a carry-on
because I have my razor in and I don't
want them to confiscate my mother F and
razor cuz my razors like one of those
legit like Gillette mens razor that's at
30 bucks a nine about that light so I
checked it in thought you should know
that that valuable information
oh oh my so Mia boarding the end ok and
there's other people everywhere and jazz
is all like I'm not with her but she is
with me she's with me everyone she's
with me I'm going there but I'm so
sleepy I'm but fall asleep or this
playing pays off right now it's
something like an hour and a half flight
so I mean like good little nap um but
yeah I think it's gonna be a relatively
small plane which means to anyway
and I prospected smart
I'm always cool it's freezing cold up
with that prospect that prospect it's
always extreme I either have heat stroke
up a sweat there's no middle ground
maybe this gone I'm in this
Chicago I am in you also bumpiest flight
ever I might as well just going on paper
like it's like basically I was out of a
request to there is a shuttle that will
take you from I found something cool the
Chicago Airport and they're all
different colors it's like so free
there's so many colors it's like this it
turned off another one again
you mean my hotel room come on Tara it's
so good and the best part
perfect for selfies selfies selfies
that's right we are in Chicago Chicago
we are in you and I'm so stupid because
I just realized that and this was all
over the itinerary everywhere I just
don't pay attention to things this is
connected to comic-con
so something always cool people walking
around costumes don't like Big Bang
Theory style is just good I'm very
excited and it also means that hopefully
a lot of people just wear super band
shirts and then people can think that
it's way to me works well so we're in a
hotel a fancy-schmancy hotel and we're
hungry so I'm all like our rooms are is
gonna be like 10 million dollars so
basically we're having this for lunch
this free clear complimentary bottle of
water cuz I'm gonna use that YouTube
money you son kidding we're gonna eat
now that's that's all I have to say that
is all I have to say this is jazz she's
my neighbor she's over there in that
room but she keeps bothering me in my
room dad okay so this is the happiest
day of my life I'm so happy all not as
happy as on the rock tweeted me but I'm
so happy why the room service is here ah
I am famished
I'm starving your pizzas hello small I
know you cannot see my my kitchen this
is a pizza jazz ordered it's a kids
pizza and they told her that but she was
convinced that it would be enough and no
no this is what she has this is my mac
and cheese
I love me some mac and cheese I'm eat
this I'm eat this all right now comes on
time that's all
I'm so happy right now got my babe on my
side boss take a nap
life is good you looking right baby you
looking so right i'ma tell the world
about you right now
this string need to get out the way of
my joke right now
sleeping next to my BAE good night so I
just woke up to a text message I was
like be downstairs ready for dinner in
20 minutes and I just woke up from my
nap and I'm just like okay whoa oh
that's what to do how that's about to be
Reina chop on my face on I wear this
sweater every mother from day but ain't
nobody need to know that because I
travelled so many different places they
seen it first my life and time so slay
and this is how you get ready in 20
seconds
kidding 20 minutes but still very
impressive that's right alright so i'ma
head down um and we gonna eat some
dinner get some food on get some drank
on I'm so excited I'm also half asleep
so I'm gonna be like mmm mmm good night
with you during conversation oh my god
are you doing what is this contraption
it is my vlogging camera do that daily
vlog now hello Lily's vlogging camera
it's me yes it's me he's so down Falls
Gretchen you're rude
where were united this is obligation
yeah my life oh we're going the wrong
way
Oh mommy mommy she's my mum and should
take really made to share this with you
well this is deep fried macaroni and
cheese I need you to comprehend but it's
deep fried macaroni cheese also
employment is that what it is I'm a deep
fried macaroni and cheese I'm Superman
that's super wonderful a super babies hi
mom
for the first year hello see when I get
home I love you I don't know I want you
all to meet my son
hey guys this is my son this will tell
them identical sweet I love I love them
check them out it's freaking phenomenal
oh oh just finishing Jenelle you think
all about this guy oh wasabi on what
batch out here no we good this bread is
booming bread and lettuce right eating
and I'm TT and this weird dude you've
done restraining order restraining order
got into his line that a stone the stone
hey where's another Indian person I have
never seen a device like this before yo
what's up son back in my hotel room just
had dinner and then we went to a bar
after it was all chills my so many cool
new people and honestly that's my
favorite part of going to these
conventions meeting all the cool
youtubers the cool thing about this
convention is that there's lot of Viners
here and like I'm so stupid when it
comes to vine I know nothing about vine
I don't know how it works
I've never made a vine in my life like I
have an account but I've never made one
so it's really interesting hearing all
the things they do and I was so
different from what I do smells really
cool tomorrow day one of social
constructs I'm not gonna lie I'm a
little bit nervous
and the reason I'm nervous is because I
and this is me being honest cuz you know
my blogs are my home but being honest
and stuff a lot of these conventions the
tickets are really expensive like I'm
not oblivious to that I know the tickets
are really really expensive for a lot of
these events and like so when I do these
type of events I don't expect a
bajillion of my viewers to come because
like my viewers are young and they're
not I wouldn't even want them to spend
that much money to come see me like I
prefer them just seeing me and be like
hey let's take a self you're not paying
to have to do that kind of stuff so it's
like I'm a bit nervous I don't think I'm
gonna have a big turnout but that's okay
like that's genuinely okay I've come to
terms with it um and I just wanna let
you guys know that like these any time
any you toboggan coz I can only speak on
behalf of myself but anytime I charge
money for things it's solely because I
have to make a living and if I go to a
convention and this has legitimately
happened if I ever go to a convention
and I feel like you are not treated well
I will not go to that convention again
and that is 100% true because I've done
it before
I've been to a convention before where I
absolutely hated the way you were all
treated because I saw you be
disrespected by all the staff I saw how
much you paid I saw how much got scammed
and I refused to ever go to that
convention again so I mean I hope you
have faith in me to make right decisions
when it comes to things like this and
just know that it's not me making the
rules
on me making these prices and one day
intend when I go on my own tour I'll
make sure the prices are reasonable and
it's just that's I don't know where I'm
going with this but I just want to get
that out there pretty much I'm gonna
shut up now because I need to edit this
vlog but how about a wonderful day to
you to you I'm going to change Micro and
then I am going to edit this and then
then one two three
it's funny how no matter where I go the
bet is a hot mess
Murr have a wonderful day night morning
evening afternoon wherever the hell you
are I love you so much
