good morning everybody I dropped my
phone
good morning everybody so it is like
4:00 p.m. I slept in till like 3:00 and
I feel disgusting my body feels broken
and I need to fix this is always happens
I want so many different time zones but
then I pull all-nighters to do things
that totally F supp my sleep schedule so
the 300 videos totally F me up and I
just some sleeping already like I slept
a 5:00 a.m. and waking about 3 just
ridiculous
sorry don't fix that today's day
consists of them what to head to the
bank right now I have a meeting because
as I discuss my credit card chaos and
all my financing here so I'm going just
to organize my life and let go back so
I'm going to do that and then last night
I've been nominated by everyone and
their mothers to do the ice bucket
challenge so today I'm gonna do the ice
bucket challenge which I'm excited too
because donating to good causes so is
good fun so I'm going to do that thank
God it is sunny outside so I'm happy
Batman it's Tuesday so usually I watch
movies on Tuesday because they have
price but I don't know that's gonna
happen today I don't we'll see
mysterious day anything could happen you
alright so just got back from the bank
and now I'm gonna dump some ice on more
hurt force alternative Sun what's up bad
I need you to dump ice on me okay um
it's gonna be off these are basically
the genius idea I haven't to give more
why not I mean I'm gonna do the ice
bucket challenge then we are nominate
bottom G and then bottom dude screams
the ice bucket challenge so in a sense
there's gonna be two buckets of ice I
mean what they're to do people so I'm
feeling about water so I'm convinced my
mom and dad to do with me as well so
we're gonna house I do it in the
backyard
I'm so excited mom dad you excited yeah
all right so we got our ice right here
you're ready to go talk about this I
said I'm carrying it all these cares
like I'm a vegetarian
no shoes son no hesitation a runner on
top of my head yeah Ice Ice Baby didn't
intend it to do feels good on this hard
day I'm looking like we picked a good
day mom we picked a good day to do this
refreshing refreshing see I forced my
family to do because I believe in doing
family activities together yeah family
activities haha spot ah people eyes ask
why I go by my mom very quickly because
I'm very protective about my mom when I
know the Internet's a very cool place
and I love her too much if anyone ever
says anything bad about I'll have to
kill them
but that's my mom
thank you
my Archer Lundy Almaguer hello i'm gonna
do ice bucket LS ml challenges L it's
like intersection is two Mama's right
here which none real I don't know make
sure you also do ice bucket challenge
very good cause link in the description
if you won't donate also lots of money
because he's very good thing okay chap
yo so I am currently donating important
thing people who do the ice bucket
challenge or don't you got a donate
don't just do F an ice bucket challenge
make sure you donate it is ALS a.org if
you just google ALS it'll come up as
well and but yeah don't forget that part
cuz it's crucial something don't hang on
behalf of me myself you myself the same
person myself my mom my dad so yeah you
should get your family do too because
it's not only fun it's a good cause do
it alright so it seems that doing the
ice bucket challenge twice has given me
a bit of a migraine so I am actually
treat myself to massage my actually
people are known as magical for massage
therapy because I get migraines so often
I put massage therapy for my shoulders
in my neck but the place I used to go to
is totally booked and I really want to
massage so I googled a bunch of places
I'm going somewhere I'm treating myself
to a massage and I'm very excited I love
massage before I go I try to get a
massage I think it's very important to
take care of your bodies as the girl who
eats junk food all day long so that's
what i'ma do resist the urge to vlog at
this quality resist the urge so she
touched my bum crack top was weird it
was like okay she like massage my butt
was like okay I'm like people have
massage my butt before usually get a
full body massage massage your bootay
but like who's going on it with her
elbow and the whole experience is just
weird it wasn't that great either I give
it like a 2 out of 5 to be honest
I'm not too impressed you know when you
get massage you gotta create an
experience I'm like at this place
I live in a very Asian place and when I
say Asian it's not like Indian Asian
it's like Pokemon Asian it's like Asian
like there's a lot of like Chinese
people here and they're wicked cuz they
give the best manicures Best Buy I love
it let me go to some of the massage
facial just like Indian people like it's
very like you let's just cut corners and
get stuff done and that gets good but
sometimes it's like weird like the thing
that my feet were soaking in was like a
bucket with a plastic bag in it it's
like we're here but he was still it felt
good but still 2 out of 5 because like I
don't know it was it was it was weird ha
ha love me some Asian massages ok so
there's a chance I might be getting sick
uh I feel freezing cold but I feel
boiling hot at the same time my body is
killing which is usual when you get a
massage your bodily body bodily your
body usually hurts but I'm gonna take a
flaming hot shower right now and I
really hope I don't get sick because I
can't afford to get sick but I feel so
crappy I don't know I smoke it why you
do this I can't function please please
please Lily don't get sick you ain't got
time for that
she ain't got time for that he ain't got
time but ain't nobody got time for that
I'm laying on the frame good night
