hey mom I'm going okay catelleya book
friend's birthday
Oh downtown or days downtown never taken
on an option depending on what time it's
done I miss you over at their house I
don't want to drive back home so time to
put the tiga junkie there a couple if I
okay Bart handy
yeah oh I love you I love you do right
by mom I'm going to movies hey you look
at it earlier the movies remember I told
you hey Amelia a QuickTime movie yeah
it's eight o'clock no I don't like this
going on in me light please no mom I go
to movies every Tuesday boom they done
I've been doing this forever
Lily I said no okay it's not nice well I
don't get it we just we just you got
indeed and easie see that okay I get it
mm-hmm I'm just gonna I'm just gonna go
Judy I said no okay I don't know vector
getting these new hats she never done
like this before never - Rhonda Bartok
