who likes recruits me me me me me me me
I like short shorts really really me
good morning everyone
it is 1:50 p.m. I have a meeting at 2
p.m. so I thought it was only fitting to
wake up right now at this moment the
meetings at my house is with my homie
gone where ok humble the poet this we
have to discuss some projects and musics
and a whole bunch of media and this eye
boogers are my eyes II you it's under me
hey hey this is humble he's phenomenal
we're work buddies we work together
quite well because um we both slack at
just the same rate and get off track and
exactly the same ring so this is what
humble and I do during 99% of our
meetings you work haha my mama made us
some yummy pasta mmm oh come on
mmm so I just finish my meat with humble
humble what are three words that would
define this meeting how you feeling
right now very very productive plus I
got to see her again
lookit fear like average ones the second
time I've seen her since let yeah that's
an animal but that's a last situation
right there it's looked amazed we have
meetings to discuss some our people and
smart ideas we mean it never stop
learning is what we wrote ya think there
you go right if you want his wisdom
shameless plug
his book information in the description
but do some commentary Jamaican
commentary Britannia ready you ready are
you ready in all ready you ready get
ready get ready in red it's bomb o'clock
yeah make me bring this bomb flower box
up to this house this blood clot what's
in the box what's in the box
lucky my mom's first in line to grab a
shirt right now those of you so I'm back
I have a confession to make I have these
moments in life where I feel strong
emotions like it's expired like I
already have a history of being like
emotional and so from time to time I
feel my life is so jam-packed sometimes
I'm just sitting and I have a huge wave
of emotion sometimes it's good sometimes
it's bad sometimes it's like I'm so
grateful like oh my god life is so
awesome or sometimes it'll be like man
like I really need to work harder I just
have a huge rush of emotions
I'm not having one right now and often I
don't know what the emotion is and have
to sit down and think about it so what I
think it is right now and this often
happens after I'm done reading with my
friends or like specifically humble
because we usually have really
inspirational and motivational
conversations but it's so important to
have good people in your life and I feel
like that's a strong emotion and thought
I'm feeling right now which is like we
do so many things and we want so many
things in life and we think so many
things are important but if you actually
look at it it's like the people in your
life are the most important I feel and
sometimes you forget that these are
genuine thoughts and feelings in patter
and I got such a strong emotion of just
like being grateful to people in my life
like there's a lot of crappy people out
there it's really important to have good
people in your life you have good people
in your life man keeps in your life and
that includes like if you're a jerk to
people like you can make it right and
like sometimes I have these moments or
I'm sitting here I'm like dude like I
should change this bow myself like I'm a
jerk to this person or a guy could be
nice or just person I could do this
differently and like this is important
this is important moment at that just
share that with you I know that's what
this vlog channels for right to express
my thoughts and feelings
that's trained to be a medium give me
eyes I mean it okay let me just tell you
about this amazing experience I just had
freaking I love Apple so much and this
is why basically my iMac has been having
problems recent recently where like I've
had a lot of adware so if I click
something like ten pop-up shop is is
because for two months and I just
haven't had time to address it because
it travel so much so they don't have to
make an appointment
take it sieve my Apple Care covers it so
I did this is their little chat thing on
like hey does my Apple Care cover like
it should I bring it in this homeboy
took over my screen for one minute
deleted all the adware and fix my
computer
virtually Apple you are my BAE I love
you
breaking apples customer service parse
cost buddy first gloss Sagar I love it
so I just I share that with you because
your Apple Doug now I take a bite all
you end it cause I need to make sure
this is not a lie right now he says I
see you mama what people really mean is
funny look
how did this happen just now okay I'm
sweating I'm sweating I can't I don't
understand what's happening I need to
know how this happened what what what
how what did I say in this video did I
mention the rock in this video I love
you guys don't understand
okay growing up I'm just become a
disaster
growing up the rock was my absolute idol
you don't understand like I know that's
weird
a lot of people that's weird but growing
up whatever was about the rock gave the
confidence he gave me whatever it was
and he was like just someone I looked up
to
I freaking cannot function right now he
said look forward to meeting you I'm
shaking right now
BRB so I've calmed down a little bit I'm
sorry about earlier close the show we're
all a little bit fangirl okay I can be a
bad girl
there's two people in the world that I
absolutely fangirl over and that is the
rock and Sleater Gomez that I would ever
fangirl all like you know that that's
not one person actually I need to meet
them before I die because I love them
that is the rock for me this is the
second time he's treated me but this
time he said look forward to meeting you
I need to I can't I need to I need to
take a seat right now I need to show you
my vision board right now this is my
vision board that I always look at every
time like I sleeping and things I want
to accomplish yeah yeah that's right
I'm so glad I was able to vlog this and
you could share this moment with me
because I'm what I've been dying I'm
dying check I'm dead there's I'm a ghost
I'm
okay so my mom just pulled his picture
for your reference this is me now I look
like a little boy but you know whatever
we all have our faces this is me posing
next to a cardboard cutout of the rock
that was the extent friends I don't
think you understand I was obsessed I
know everything about him
and everything I've read his bio
autobiography I know EPS this is going
on Instagram right now okay so it's
several hours later and I have calmed
down a little bit I'm in the steak of
like steak I'm in the steak of like I'm
there's Greg all right I'm in state of
like did that just happen I don't know
I'm like pissed because I don't think it
happened so if anything I'm like upset
because I was like stomping up stories
has never happened anyways I've said it
in all my previous vlog today cumin
crema room I'm actually gonna clean my
room today let me show you the state of
my room this is not even including that
hefty suitcase that's outside just my
room let me show you how my seat is okay
my dressing table okay random hats here
this is my bed after the 300 video I
threw all my stuff here okay so it is
absolute chaos and the next time you see
this room in three seconds it's gonna be
flawless like it woke up like this k
ready clean room in three two one
leg up I have a bed ignore those clothes
I don't have enough hangers but I swear
I tried but these clean does my dressing
- I'm so so clean clean don't
look under my bed so I mean we still got
a little bit of mess over here I mean
this little box right there suitcase
still aside but I mean good first step
I'm I am so proud of myself like today
has been good not only did the rock
proposed to me basically um my room is
clean I mean frickin great day yeah that
I forgot about that night diagonally pal
thanks once again for watching my vlog I
hope you enjoyed it and I hope you're
enjoying these daily vlogging ugly
bloody bloody bloody vlogs now let's
sleep let's sleep together come
goodnight
