what everyone at your girl superwoman
sweatpants hair attached to the Whitnall
make a bone that's when you'll do okay
so I'm late I'm sure a lot of other
youtubers that you know about this I'm
sure you know about this but I'm late
you know I'm they see that's how I roll
so this thing called king of the web
which I've seen people talking about all
the time I decided to give it a check or
it out so like check on it out and I'm
like oh this is really cool so I decided
that you know what I'm gonna run for one
of the thingies on this king of the web
thing you don't know what it is it's
basically where you can vote for people
and things that you think are awesome
online and then it's like a competition
thing so I'm not actually running for
king of the web but I am running for me
one second because I don't know how to
use this site okay I'm running for vlog
and film king now I see the word king
there and I'm like king so I'm hoping
hey if I've ever made you laugh you like
my videos yadda yadda yeah any of my
stuff I'm hoping you give me a boat you
couldn't vote ten times a day
ten times a day ten times mom ten times
Dave and the competition ends in eleven
days at the end of September the
competition ends I thought you know what
my birthday September 26 so it'd be a
great birthday present if you vote for
me everyday everyday eighteen times all
you gotta do is click the link in the
description um there's a link in there
you sign in via Facebook I believe and
you couldn't vote for me so this what
the website looks like this is my
campaign and you click here to vote you
can vote 10 times a day like I said and
you can also share this with your
Twitter followers and your Facebook
friends so that they can vote as well
and I usually ask to share my videos but
I thought maybe team super could come
together right now and give me a
birthday gift an early birthday yet and
if you could just please share this
video and say hey take sense I can just
vote for and I'm already late people
have already started their campaigns a
long long time ago but I'm thinking you
know why my team is super and we're
always late but we always get the job
done so I'm hoping that you can vote for
me and it happens like every month I
believe so I think for the next little
bit I'm gonna keep doing this every
month cuz you know me I'm a social media
whore so yeah please vote for me I'm
king of the web and tweet a body I'm
facebook body and please please please
please please share this video pee pee
yeah I love you muscles my blog channel
make sure you subscribe and make sure
you wanna subscribe to my main channel
that's all German hope you like jammin
too we jump me what is my life
bye
