literally never getting up I'm never I'm
never getting up no you can't make me
out to be
good morning or evening it's okay it's
fine morning
um it's 6:00 p.m. I said I was gonna
sleep till sex disoriented but none of
that matters because my mom is making me
pancakes right now that is the highlight
of my life
she said just read her she knows I
stayed after she's making me pancakes
I'm sketching my own pick um today's are
gonna be a pretty easygoing day I've
told myself I'm gonna take it easy
because yesterday was obviously chaos
300 video and whatnot so I would look at
my pancakes most importantly the
pancakes number one thing on my agenda
and then it is two of my friends
birthdays they're twins and I've known
them the public my oldest friends I've
known them since I was in grade four and
so birthday today so me and ocean you're
gonna go there so I'll probably vlog
there it's dinner and then it's great uh
playing at the dancing legal day I'm
getting a lot of positive feedback a lot
of positive tweets and stuff from the
video I'm so happy I'm so so happy thank
you so much and uh yeah um I'm the next
clip is probably gonna be me making out
with pancake so brace yourself
my mom and my pancakes I'm so happy
me and Aunt Jemima gonna get jiggy with
it my mom's watching me laughing mom not
judge me
not judging just lay say hi to everyone
watching that's mama see she doesn't
sound evil and me like I make her sound
you good-looking thing you okay alright
so I just finished my pancakes and I'm
so full of happiness and Julie and I
have to start getting ready because I'm
actually pretty late I have to leave my
house in like an hour and a half and
have a start getting ready and I need an
hour nav to get ready including shower
and everything so I'm gonna start
getting ready and whatever I do I'm not
gonna lie down
are you recognizing a theme here yet
okay so I just watched the newest
episode of the tubes hottest and I am
upset I can't speak again I'm obsessed
sure I'm obsessed it is so good not even
sings I'm part of it
the I love makeup crew is phenomenal at
shooting and editing and it's just so I
am so so proud to be part the project I
am NOT biessing the freakin production
value is off the heezy fo sheezy
check out the newest episode of the
tubes hottest where I play poor kick
you've been hella rude right now you'd
be now I'm up here trying log and use
over there for you interrupting me it
was you more importantly I have to go do
something for my mom now I have to put
emojis on her phone because she said all
of her friends texture with smiley faces
and that she's not able to so that's
what I'm doing right now and then I just
are getting ready because potato late
and my mom's are here
she loves drag my mother
Oh copyright No
oh not me not today great not today Oh
so we're getting ready and nanos my
favorite person in the whole house I
want to get married married with oh my
god maybe my inner thoughts talking yeah
she's just a ready to us for like I'm
okay with that too
cuz it's how you're ready already having
my mustache sweats day so I'll show you
my face when it's slightly more mate
nicked up are never as well music come
on awaits restaurant it's in Pickering
for those who that aren't in the Greater
Toronto Area I don't even believe people
live in Pickering and all I have to go
to an event there so I headed there
right now in our uber I'm excited I'm
not driving which means I'm have a
martini I'm wearing a one-piece romper
it's my mom's I'm wearing a belt with it
it's also my mom's hookahs my mom
doesn't matter than man and is also a
romper we just decided to be the Olsen
twins restore my oldest friend
this is not the same person this is
Molly's - interesting tell people love
each other so happy birthday
okay so just finish dinner and now we're
act a club I'm so over clubbing in my
life I don't do clubbing but there's
only a few places I like going to have
really good music and this is one of
those places well we're gonna break it
down it will break a day hello hello
hello okay this is looking all right now
no because in my eyes my life to hurt
you know we are excited we're wearing
flats so ladies you know and I um and
there's also tissue in my flats because
they're too big one thing is no one
knows Tina anytime we like a song for
some reason this is the face we make the
feeling of disgust is a good sign like
the face sign aside and he saw the house
it's like a sad face but really grimy I
wrote a bucket down with us bucket damn
booty power let's go
Oh
I woke up like this he's got back from
the club and I knew and I've come to the
conclusion that we're getting a host
we're old
we're old it's a little sad we're
standing up in the club at once busting
a wine people like babies are being
conceived everything's going on I'm
sitting there yawning like I was so
tired and I'm so tired even right now
I'm old I'm an old person you know how
we dance at the end like this we had a
pretty good time the music was on point
at one point it was on point I'm eating
chips away right now I how I just sleep
burned Oprah
turn down for sleep turn down for sleep
hey any final thoughts just don't get
old yeah if you're getting old stop just
just stop the families don't stop of why
because there is no point did you swatch
I don't know subscribe or ha ha ha
