No mmm what's happening except my makeup
again eyeliner in my eyes okay I'm
supposed to wake up to what the store at
10:00 it's 11:15 that's okay because
that's better than 1 p.m. day 2 of
making me 300 video but she did all
right some head to the store I'm wearing
the same makeup as last night the same
clothes I slept in and I didn't eat
breakfast but your work
hashtag work okay um I'm behind schedule
again but I decided Keep Calm get it
done I in these moments I always remind
myself do not let the stress take over
the love of what you're doing so even
though you're stressed still enjoy it
still have a good day and don't do it
with anger or stress do it happily you
do happily it's gonna happen it's gonna
get done positivity unicorns you know
why cuz I can make the stars dance
transition nap
yeah so basically this party store is
renovating right now and all of the
stuff they have is in boxes so you can't
actually buy anything because nothing is
on the shelves
why are you open why does your science I
open I don't - what a waste of time I've
just way so much time valuable time
why okay I'm in Google were the closest
party stores but I don't think I have
time for that but I'm a Googler Google
Google Google go girl yeah all right so
there is a place called Hollywood
costumes that's 15 minutes away in 15
minutes a bit more than I would have
liked to travel but I've been to this
place before and it's wicked apparently
according to their website they open in
12 minutes so they're not answering so
I'm gonna go by their website I'm a
driver and if I Drive they're in their
clothes and their their clothes and some
I'm gonna mom o'clock bye Jen let's
dress me distress me but that's what I'm
doing making this executive decision
because I feel like those costumes which
is add a little bit of to the video that
it requires so guys go how cool is this
place so they got some stuff gladiator
stuff because plasticky doesn't really
cool so I'm gonna see if I can rent
something by the way Google Maps clearly
things I have a helicopter because this
place was not 50 minutes way worth it so
I took way longer than I should have and
I was way more than I expected to spend
but I was like frag I've made this
decision to get costumes i'ma do it
right um I'm excited to wear this issue
only because I'm gonna feel like a bad
man but I'm gonna go home now it's 12:40
my livestream is in two hours and 20
minutes so I'm gonna go home hopefully I
can eat something now I'm starving
um do as much as I can shoot and then
get ready for livestream and then see
what happens the video will come out
today it might be late but it's gonna
come out today this is sparta I want you
to know about my staging this this is
actually how weird I am okay why I
forgot to buy food ask me why do I do
this to myself I need to make something
I don't
just really yeah there you come with me
so what I love to you for breakfast is
faith bacon cheese egg sandwich because
I just started eating eggs a month ago
that's my jam
this is what I do when I have a lot of
things to do I don't do anything have
you noticed how I'm not doing anything
right now let's do it sure our El Oro
dufort feature on nude girl by the way
my garage is cold today
I'm overwhelmed I'm gonna go fix my
makeup and then I have an hour to shoot
as much as I can for my live stream that
I got to my last dream and then I got to
go back to this
what do you up to though that's cool
round 2
Oh makeup all over all of my shirts mass
laundry party at my house after I'll see
you there
I see you there I'm gonna see you there
right time is 236 and I used your prep
for my livestream now so I've stopped
recording I got a good amount of
progress then you know I'm content with
the progress I got done that's a lot of
shirts all I have left is my superwoman
shirts and my 1:1 love shirt I forgot
stairs soup I'm sure it's an acid I can
get into my my gladiator Spartan outfit
so I feel like good progress anyways I
need to go be on for an hour and a half
ask Superman live I love it so much but
takes so much energy to be on for an
hour and a half because I'm people
watching me I don't be boring so I try
to be as like you know as as I can be
for lack of better word isn't looking
for so you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna grab a rock star for an hour and a
half
you ready start maybe I'll vlog like me
being what look what my vlog me being
live it's like you can watch me watching
you man
all right I got my rock star I got my
skittles not gonna lie I'm really tired
right now but that doesn't matter for
the next hour and a half I hadn't even
gone live yet and there's already seven
under people watching so let me show you
my state before I go live right here I'm
looking at myself looking at all of you
rooms a mess but you know I don't bother
cleaning that and I just go boom let's
do it are you ready to go live are you
ready to go live all right all right
and I was have a thing like what am I
gonna do what am I first gonna say hmm
don't really know oh I know I'll play my
300 instrumental
so smart I am so smart I am so smart
we're gonna go live are you ready are
you ready I'm ready are you ready let's
do a Superman live August 14 2014 that
dosa and I click start broadcast huh and
okay it's happening it's happening
whatever born at your girl's so go in
and look at you this is you look look
you're watching yourself live logging on
I'm logging for all the excitement are
you ready for a superwoman august 14
I finished a Super Bowl in life when I
cut my nose off because they're itchy
I'm so exhausted and tired and whatever
I do I'm not gonna lie down
oh okay okay okay I'm a lie down for
five minutes and then I'm gonna go back
to shooting three hundred video I
promise I just need to be quiet for a
little while so ah okay so I'm done
shooting Frank I realize I have logged
me in the costume you'll see in the
video doh I'm gonna start editing first
I need to eat because I'll be hangry
right now hangry
it's 3 or 4 a.m. number 1 I thought I
would finish the video by 11:00 oh yeah
I know Paul more my wrong I'm only at a
minute and a half
nothing I say will express how difficult
this video has to edit it is so
difficult and my legs kill I'm exhausted
I literally want every slice of pizza in
the world
in my body right now but I'm gonna do
this I'm gonna do this I'm not doing it
spaghetti out those thing so get this
get this get this get this okay
so remember the vlog I did yesterday if
you watch my blog yesterday I was
wearing an ice cream shirt yeah
apparently I put the shirt on blogged in
the shirt I didn't actually shoot the
shirt so now I'm back in my garage to
set up my mother and camera put that
damn shirt on and finish I'm gonna be
wearing sunglasses for that portion of
the video and you're gonna know why
because I'm an effing desire I'm gonna
stab myself and I forgot my memory card
upstairs
I'm totally gonna unfriend myself on
Facebook and you didn't look at me
because my eyes are the size of Jupiter
its 9:30 a.m. I haven't slept but but
but I am uploading my 300th
mother-effing video and in three minutes
it'll be up high five
I'm uncle I feel really bad that it's
late is it exactly how I wanted to be no
I have crazy thoughts my brain but did I
work exceptionally hard on it yes
evidently you can see through the vlog
so I really hope you like it if you like
it you'll give that effing thing I
shared oh that I haven't slept I'm
delusional I'm crazy I'm gonna sleep
right now
animal wake up at some dinner time like
hour
damnit I have no brain right now anyways
goodnight I will see you tomorrow I'm
gonna sleep until 5 or 6 p.m.
I love you I'm never gonna leave you
