look at my her what if everyone is a
girl's Superman good morning how you
doing what's up was it help how you
doing
I found another cool thing so check it
out how many of these clips do you
recognize roll it welcome to what's
trending I get a point what a wedgie you
know fashion is you start again so
excited follow me
now that was him a channel called what's
trending and it's hosted by the one the
only the fabulist Shira Lazar laser
Lazar I'm not gonna pronouncing things
okay now so this channel what's trending
is like the place but the hottest videos
on YouTube so you got to go subscribe
click right there right there well we
will so you can be the one to see it
first tell them who sent you our
Superman III comment and you know
hopefully maybe one day you'll see me on
the show so uh help me out now that is
my goal to make it on that show and
other hot channels and show so I woke up
at 7 a.m. just to tell you that I never
wake up at 7 to be honest I usually go
to sleep at 7 a.m. so I'm pretty effing
disoriented right now but hey guys I'm
that note I thought hey since I switched
it up today I'm gonna challenge you
superheroes to do some things today so
my lovers and friends more so lovers
today I challenge you to do the
following number one do something
spontaneous okay do something you would
never usually do now it doesn't mean you
have to go and jump out of a plane today
although like normally that's surfing
fail but just something spontaneous
Dougy in the middle of the street you
know making new friends being
predictable sex number to try something
new to eat if you go through the
McDonald's on the Mac eject an hour a
day they don't need some a chicken try
something else maybe kill a carrot today
instead of an animal what a vegetarian
swerve number three call text or meet up
with someone you haven't spoken to in a
while just to say hi what's up how you
doing a little appreciation goes a long
way number four dance in your room at
some point today whether it's in the
shower when you come on the shower
during a study break in your bedroom
dance by yourself to an old school song
used to love when you're a kid and just
dance with yourself in the mirror but
you'll find self your fine self I
personally suggest songs such as the
thong song by Cisco no scrub by TLC
wanna be my Spice Girls and get down by
Backstreet Boys and if you're really old
and Ice Ice Baby you can even go as far
back as crisscross criss cross to make
it jump jump but if you like a man you
them then your One Direction's cool to
number five if you're a student in going
to school today and you usually don't
participate in class I know this is
really
but today raise your hand and either ask
or answer a question like a bow what up
participation marks just freaking set
the standard for participation girls and
guys my girl you see there a hand go up
on mine you gotta watch out for them
yah yah lastly hi how are you my name is
Lilly aka super when you may or may not
know me and if you've never shared one
of my videos hey be spontaneous maybe
today share this video on Facebook and
Twitter so more people can have an
awesomesauce spontaneous super days and
don't forget to rate comment and
subscribe to my vlog channel by clicking
that button right there I hope you have
a day as wonderful as you and don't
judge people that have messy hair it's
not their fault
