so many struggles good morning Arizona
welcome back to lacing gloves when we
hustle harder and productivity lives
you're a few things right off the bat
number one I just gotta say oh this
conference is dope I had a great time
speaking yesterday I'm sorry I didn't
vlog it was just so overwhelming and too
much to take in I want to be present but
today we got a sick mission but you must
finish the rest of sessions for today
actually flying back to LA I gotta
finish a scrub gotta go through my
emails and just gotta get ready to
you're back into hustle work mode
minor detail from yesterday though can I
tell you so there's a few ants in our
room so we called them more like yo can
you exterminate these ants like biting
us and stuff so they did that guess what
I found in my room yesterday on the bed
humble found it - are you ready for this
a mother-effing scorpion don't be a
scorpion with like this thing right here
there's no sign is ill sign what's like
this prevents got you scorpion was that
batteries or you guy in crates give me
trash I forgot one part of my charger
for this camera so we're gonna do it a
little selective vlogging so BRB with yo
I seen a little belt your backpack okay
cool thing alert my limited battery is
worth this okay so what is this on tap
today we have a mocktail mule in pairing
mode what would you like wait it's a
robotic so if I tell him to drink our
wine it's going to dispense that drink
is what you're saying
mosfilm you oh my goodness make a mock
tell me off Aaron does not compute does
not compute
oh it's got jokes in that error that
isn't just kidding Wow
I already it's already replacing my job
that is amazing
remind every other bartender in the
technological bartender every humans
getting a place in my life immediately
because it is like a foam Humble me how
did i do yesterday my tongue is
amazingly long I think you are I'm
pretty rough it's the walk later I was
always pretty cool there some boss
people here is pretty awesome I'm now
the sessions are gonna start starting on
which is that what a blouse but I think
oh this no you are speaking a Joe Biden
was there there's just a lot of super
super cool people
damn it is hella hot Al Gore and my blog
camera died I got to meet him at first
sight what I have no pictures I ain't
try be like that but I got to marry so
Chris Maddux talk about so many
important things about climate change I
am so inspired you know when you hear
smart passionate people talk about
things they're obsessed with it is so
beautiful and so inspiring one quick
thing and I'm not saying this for any
particular reason I was actually just
thinking about it I was thinking about
how people usually interact with me if
they introduced themselves to me again
I'm gonna say I'm not speaking about any
particular experience but the thought
crossed our minds days a lot of times
when girls approached me sometimes would
make conversation they will say things
about other girls and I just I want to
say that the worst thing you can
probably do approaching me is talk L
about another girl because as my shirt
would suggest I'm with her and her and
her what up t-shirt reference but I
think women should get better at not
basing conversations off putting down
other women and if you know anything
about me you would know that that's half
of the worst possible way to come up to
me instead of conversation no one here
did it but someone mentions of his day
that made me think of that and it got me
thinking of how many women do in fact
approach me and to start a conversation
starter friendship they say yeah you
know work between you and I so and so
and that's just not the way to do it we
can do better than that so I'm gonna
pack real quick my pack I mean make sure
no scorpions I'm a goddamn and
then we're headed back to the airport
and back to a link to hustle her
would you run and just make your flight
by like two minutes we're going home we
might way I mean I because I'm losing
that promise is my home
your home is where your friends are and
I'm really pregnant so
I'm home okay so there's no over so I
took a lift humble got me a lift
hum oh I'm back in Toronto with the
lifter asked me like everything's a 40
minute ride home and every five minutes
are you okay I'm like yeah why wouldn't
I be okay sweetles over I'm home script
writing I some emails are sent we gotta
get straight into work you got some full
inspiration in my veins so let's get to
it just unpacked you me two points and
now we're gonna write some scripts and
looks like I'm naked but I want a sports
bra with a backpack
um I'm a kid hi Kurt that's the rankle
hike nowhere and I sit down to write a
script me if I was white when my team
puts fresh flowers because they know I
like that yeah it come through okay
let's do a my finish writing the script
I'm so tired and go to my email do some
but I send such a details people such a
detailed email so you the points lat I
don't get any points for an email now
it's time to sleep cuz I'm god damn
exhausted let's see how we did today
go to bed with a lot of things happen
scorpion in the room at Al Gore James
also drinks birthday when you're
watching the sort of been yesterday
speaking of Drake my video did so poorly
in terms of views I'm like I don't
understand YouTube anymore but I'm so
proud of it I love it so so so much and
it was just so much fun to do so that's
everything let's go sit on the toilet I
really think I'm in my house for like
more than two weeks like three weeks of
me the same spot and I'm so excited I
cannot even express I'm so excited as
hustle be able to like get into a
routine and just make great scripts and
make great videos and work on secret
things and just further my business with
my newly gained inspiration from Arizona
I'm just so so happy I'm so glad to take
you along the journey with me yeah
tomorrow we gonna hustle some more
Dillon if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe don't be dirty eh
don't be dirty rah yeah don't be dirty
eh don't be dirty ruff oh yeah
