morning I slept with my makeup on so my
days off to a bad start
I'm currently looking for my buck yep
suitcase still there you'll see for the
next leg until have to leave that
suitcase will be right there but I'm off
to a bad start on my day I woke up at
like 1:00 p.m. and freaking I've so much
to do so basically my day consists of f3
conference calls conference calls I'm a
little bit bitter sleepless because I
know they progressed my career but I'm
also just like I have to pretend to be
all professional and stuff and then I
have a whole bunch of work to do cuz
Thursday's my 300 video and it's gonna
require a lot of shooting and a lot of
prep and it is Tuesday right now so I
literally have like one and a half days
to do it
and it'll probably something that should
take two weeks to do so I'm gonna do
that and then later on today I'm
treating myself or one of my friends
who's in Toronto right now simpler
basketball player he's like 10-feet oh
let's go to the movies on me him or my
friends going to the movies I'll vlog
that - look at me giving a narration of
my vlogs I don't know if it needs a
table contents like this yeah but first
things first I'm gonna go look for my
vlogging camera and I'm gonna go to my
office in the basement I have myth
twelves in the basement for a really
long time because I'm never home and
because sometimes there's spiders you
because I feel like my vlogging camera
might be somewhere here you know what
okay
career hurricane run through this room
hat do you see my camera
anywhere this is not it by the way
that's another one and you are in my
messy room if you see my vlogging camera
comment below go to these markets
finding the blogging camera I'm blogging
about finding my vlogging camera oh the
inception I guess I have to clean my
room now kidding I was just starting to
clean my room then I walk into this room
and I was like I know aranese and not
have to clean my room so basically one
of my videos I try to make the
background look at an Apple Store is
what I charge you so I made this display
right here all right that's my vlogging
camera haha take that messy room
go ask yourself you ain't getting clean
the next shot you see will be better
quality hopefully and transition now
check this up so this is like fish I do
you like this better do not I don't know
cuz I'm looking here but for me to check
house ever look here so just BRB so no I
like this do you like this what do you
prefer
let me know let me know yo on one hand
my vlogging came over this my broken
camera my legs and shame but I'm doing a
dance
I really gotta do really exciting cuz I
can do this and it looks really cool
anyways I get to work maybe I will clean
my room a little bit o JK see it a bit
so my conference calls are about to
start got myself a rockstar
I don't drink to your coffee but when I
need to do something that requires focus
or energy uh like record a video or do
conference calls three in a row I mean
Malabar rock star Sam so a lot of you
may not know this or you met you might
know I'm a bit of a workaholic and by a
bitch I mean extreme all my friends will
tell you my family will tell you I have
problems I always have to work and I
always have to have things organized
which is funny because
that's my room I need these to be
organized I need to be prepared for
things like I hate going to gigs
unprepared I hate putting up videos that
I don't like like I just have to be on
point with things this is a prime
example like I have a conference call so
I have like a list of things I want to
discuss and like I'm gonna make notes
during it and like that's just me in a
nutshell I'm just I'm crazy anyways I'm
gosh I'm gonna do this clump and calm
I'll make him smile like fine and hello
yeah how are you
I was just vlogging me dancing to the
instrumental
mm-hmm
hello how's it going done call number
two on to call number three I've actual
sizes and before calls not three so
three or four son it's only been one and
a half hours on the phone talking
business son
I'm kidding I don't know what's going on
I'm just listening dude alright so I
kind of clean my room not not really we
might wondering where all this is
basically I'm prepping for my 300 video
it's so much work to do this video I
have to take all of my shirts make a rap
based on the shirt that's just it's just
a lot of what I'm prepping that right
now I clean like my floor zone like I
have a floor again hey I'm headed to the
mood oh sorry
I'm headed to the movies right now look
check this out I pick up the paper today
and OH
extra stick to be in the pack you
booking up here Broncos look down here
concentrate I just like to be in the
paper so shadows to Toronto Sun bag that
anyways I am headed to the movies I'm
gonna jump in my car
BRB and be I be I mean my car has always
happened to travel so much I come back
my car smells like bungholio
so I gotta freeze it up and I mean and
I'm not gonna lie every time I come back
go back for B's every time I come back I
forget how to drive
sorry every time I come back from
traveling I kind of forget how to drive
I'm like I like I hit a few curbs I am
frightened ugh I am friend I hate a few
groups so I made two movies and I'll
speak to you on my bed because that's
what we do on the barely long you this
is my first vlogging experience in
public and I don't my use of vlogging in
public so I'm doing it right now and I
feel very awkward that's because I'm
approaching my friend nobody make her
feel equally as awkward beautiful this
is no se hey so I was daily Waldner okay
I'm explain why she's so cool with the
theatres Oh waiting for sim we can't
miss him cuz he's 12 feet tall but we're
waiting for him and we want have a good
time and we're watching watching
Hercules my big she's gonna die and I'm
not sure and she's gonna hide me
okay okay like I'm her BAE yeah as in
like Cano she loved it
my life when I went to random two people
like this only become friends
what's your name Shivani we're still
waiting for friend
when things turn into a meeting great
right
no she'll be in a lot of my logs
she's my only friend
we always get butter
yeah
making friends where's my wristlet is
somewhere here make up with my friend
soon
you guys are following human ish make
sure you follow what your Twitter itself
okay so greatest movie ever and so great
it was so great for you know why married
to rock I'm so sorry now I'm deeply
upset and all the in the movie
that touching you one we took calm after
so I'm not having that basically he's my
husband
basically I was dying the whole time and
I'm gonna go home and spend five hours
of googling images of throttle so I
don't think I got to properly express
I'd be looking ratchet put this hat on
Trina I don't think we fully Express to
you what our movie routine is so we're
like the movie crew we go to the movies
and we get the largest sized popcorn oh
it's like little be my tour self yeah
and this one time this one of your
forgot to get the butter layered which
is I'm actual which is crucial layered
butter and no one's get the butter on
top when you in layers layers okay I
screwed up and literally and literally I
couldn't enjoy the movie because she
messed up so that's our situation actual
our drink extra large popcorn every
single time every night options M&Ms
everything the whole deal you know what
the lady asked you to yeah the lady I
never want to order the same thing as
her this is what we ordered combo number
one that's it
okay combo number one okay now we order
the popcorn and this lady disrespect
butter with that mix would you would you
like butter with that would you like I'm
like oh oh it'll be great if you grab
popcorn to the moon
that'd be phenomenal how disrespectful I
do you want popcorn with that cuz I want
that that I ain't trying I don't know
healthy arteries up in basic it and his
nanny we need to know she I missed her
she's gone for so long you know
I'm a bad friend I'm so rude and we hold
pinkies do this comment below letting us
know how cute we are we're two stuff now
cuz I have to talk not you things but
the rock-a-bye
