welcome to my daily vlogs ah so this is
my face without makeup this is what I
look like
um I'm vlogging off my iPhone right now
oh jeez am I really doing this do it oh
yes this is what I look like I have
raccoon eyes and I have lots of acne and
now you know if you did it now before
I'm vlogging off my iPhone because I
can't find my vlogging camera I've like
12 billion of them and it's like one of
those things where I see it every single
day in my room and now that I need it
it's nowhere to be found
this ever happened to you I see
something every day oh my god
get out of my face I don't need you then
the day I need it not there not there
bra gonna find it so right now bear with
the quality keep touching my hair
because I feel a teensy bit insecure but
an inquisitive illustration basically I
decided to do daily vlogs after my trip
my Kentucky trip recently through Europe
when I was the whole bunch of cool daily
vloggers and I saw what they did it was
so cool like prank vs. prank like Ali
like data like Ali like just all the
people there Louie and I was oh my god
this daily vlogging so cool so I asked
honestly when guys tell me your opinion
about doing daily blogs and they were
like don't do it because apparently it's
like really stressful but I was like up
doing it anyway so Boop I think it's
really cool because you guys see me on
Monday and Thursday posting videos and
don't get me wrong I'm totally myself on
those days but it is bit more per
performing loosely scripted like hey I'm
gonna make you laugh right now but I
thought yo I make some daily vlogs you
will see my my daily life of what I do
on the rags son ok so this is me
unfiltered unscripted just so you can
get to know me but first more personally
lesson number one I can't speak English
so today is the Thursdays of Monday
Monday today is Monday and it's video
day so I've woken up and my daughter PJs
um and I'm going into my room that's
very messy here my room that I haven't
seen in so long because I've been
traveling
and that is a problem ever get ignored
okay so this is what I do first when I
make my videos about a loose script that
I write um this one is called if my
parents were youtubers and you'll know
this by the time I released the vlog
because the videos already out but
you've been requesting this for a really
long time and I've been procrastinating
because I wanted to make sure I was at
home to do this just because a lot of my
stuff that I need is here so this is
what I'm going to do I'm going to
loosely write a script although but I
just have like my parents a lot of it is
improv so um I guess I don't really know
how to daily vlog but I guess keep
watching or something I don't know oh
just hold on I don't know how to
transition from cut to cut I just
printed out my loose script um I usually
don't plan my videos out this much but
this one has been requested so so much I
was like I need to do just as where am I
looking
justice sin so um I printed it out and
basically what I do I want to give away
too much there but I basically make
these little check marks of blue and red
whenever I have to be my Jeep or bungee
um that's how I keep track of like who
has to say what type of thing because
when you're playing so many characters
you kind of have to map it out a little
bit so I'm gonna record soon every time
before record I always have this huge
like thing of laziness where I was like
oh so much work but then I like either
have a shower they have rock star school
and then I'm into it so I'm not record
soon and I'm sawing slime and um what
got me daily walking
get to teach a clip block window hey so
sure beside him when Geetha's gonna be
decked out in this sweater because he's
a swagger tron um and this is pretty
much how I get into my lungi a Akbar oh
yeah the hair is a crucial part here
okay for me to feel like Manjeet the
hair needs to be on point right here and
I'm saying cuz I don't feel like when
GPI I don't feel like my GPA but right
right back God what is my laugh about I
do not know what my life is about I do
not know I went taking the bus today for
five years and this is what I do yeah
and I guess that's my transition now I'm
ready to shoot a superwoman I'm a girl
and stuff um much last bit as you can
see these videos take many many hours I
know you can't tell by this lovely
lovely luck but it's been about 45 hours
now so but should a superwoman shoot
quickly one of my good friends slash
baby brother's coming over after my bra
strap is showing um I'm retired ugly on
him so I'm about a bit of a time crunch
right now but shoot a superwoman my edit
it he's gonna come and nap while I edit
um and things are going good look at me
I'm so proud of myself for vlogging I
don't know how to do this SEO this light
is interfering with my ish son oh so I
just finished shooting my friends
already here waiting
um this is my bed Selena my BAE I'm a
star editing now this is gonna be a
beast and a half to edit right now these
days whatever you do not to lie down
don't lie down really don't lie down -
oh no the cameras upside down online now
it looks weird
ah doggy vlogging blogging blogging if
look they've looked ugly real ugly real
ugly block it is hot is hat alright so
I'm almost done with editing my video
and then occurred to me I'm like do
daily vloggers
release the vlog of the same day or
others one day backwards now I feel like
if I release the vlog now there's still
like so many more hours left in my day
and how would so I think what I'm gonna
do is this first video this first vlog
I'll release it now just kind of to get
the get going but from now on I guess
it'll always be one day behind so like I
would upload yesterday's day today type
of thing to get I guess it's all people
i think that's all people do ah look
there's my suitcase cuz I don't unpack
until have to pack again um anyways I'm
gonna end this vlog off here I don't
know if it was good I don't know if it
was bad I know the quality sucks cuz I
don't have my blog camera somewhere in
the chaos of my room I'm gonna find that
to improve the video quality of the
blogs but comment below and let me know
do you like this do you not like this
cuz I don't we know how to do this
really I'm scratching my bum you can't
see though umm yeah so welcome to my
vlogs daily or almost daily I'll try to
do make sure you subscribe to my vlog
channel this is different for my main
channel and I won't be posting this
stuff on my main channel subscribe and
we can make our own little vlog family
would you get to know me okay
