me
what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman to my blog D vlog and he
blogging real ugly real ugly real ugly
vlog channel um back-to-school edition
because I'm getting a lot of tweets
emails messages on comments under my new
video which if you haven't seen head on
over I'm asking for back-to-school
advice so it breaks my heart that some
of you are nervous and scared to go back
to school but you know it's totally
natural and I want to do everything I
can possibly do to help you out so I'm
done school I've been done school for a
while and stuff um so I'm gonna try my
best to help you out with some questions
you asked me shall we let go question
number one how do I go about making new
friends ok very common question if
you're going into any type of school
high school University College whatever
everyone is concerned about making new
friends I mean you just left an old
school you had all your friends and you
probably all split in two different
directions and probably stressed man let
me fill you in on a little secret okay
everyone is gonna be feeling exactly
like you okay you're not gonna be the
only one going into the school worrying
about making friends and when you have
so many people wanting to make friends
you're gonna make friends I promise it
on the first day you're gonna make
friends even the person whose lockers
next to you the person who sits beside
you in classes you know I mean just be
social be yourself try not to be nervous
because everyone else in the same boat
as you so I promise you making friends
will not be an issue okay do you have
any advice on the workload for
university okay I'm actually gonna do
this question in two parts I'm going to
talk about the workload in high school
and then university because I know a lot
of my viewers are in those groups okay
so me personally from going elementary
school to high school I didn't find the
workload to be that much more different
I'm going from grade 8 to 9 which is the
transition where we are in Canada um it
wasn't that bad I felt like grade 4 5 6
7 8 9 just flew very naturally a flew
flow flowed flowed Bonnie
Barney the it okay
so it just flow fluid flow okay I'm
gonna just carry on I felt like it went
in order
when I got to grade 9 I didn't feel like
I was overpowered with work um the
workload was pretty pretty decent I'd
say going from high school to university
however I would say yeah there is an
increase in workload that I did notice
they will bombard you with readings and
a lot of university let me tell you
right now is just there to scare you
unlike high school university I believe
is actually designed to filter people
out it's to filter people out who will
get scared so it'll give you a reading
that's 100 pages they want to see if you
can do it not not that you actually
memorize those hundred pages no but they
want to see who can do it
because the week do not survive
University in the sense that if you have
zero work ethic you're gonna have a hard
time so I do suggest you're going from
high school to university you buckle up
of it and keep on those readings because
I will say the workload is a bit tough
in university however I'll also say it
is nothing and I promise you that you
are not capable of okay going into
University have no idea what to major in
welcome to the party I also had no idea
what to major in going into university I
personally chose psychology because it
was very I did have an interest in it
but it was very broad so it allowed me
to kind of um go into other screens
throughout my years as I was doing my
undergrad if you don't know what to
major and honestly it's a very common
problem a lot of people in the same boat
as you so don't stress don't be nervous
don't be scared naturally within the
first year you will probably have more
I'm sorry probably have a better
direction after the first year what you
want to do your social life your school
life your home life everything in life
will help you realize what you like and
what you don't like and naturally you
will find your path I promise I'll pick
some interesting electives I don't know
if you use the same term wherever you're
from electives are those courses that
are not management that you can kind of
choose what you want to do pick a
variety of oh so that you can see or do
it like this do I not like this I've
never tried this let me try this see if
I like it um variety is key and then I
promise you eventually you will know
what to do don't sweat don't sweat it
it's not a hot day it's a winter day
don't SPECT how to manage time okay so
I'm no genius in managing time clearly I
procrastinate every day and my videos
are always late but if I had to give you
any advice it would be don't be
unrealistic don't think that you're
gonna as soon as you start high school
University Oh my social life is done and
now I have to study all the time and I'm
going to study all the time be this nerd
it doesn't happen you need to balance
work and play is what you need to do if
you work hard all week go out on the
weekend and if you've been studying for
four hours don't think you can study for
four more without a break be real with
yourself plan work and play and have a
plan that's most important a lot of
people they're studying just oh I have a
test on stones up to study cake or high
you see this you see this you see every
device you have have a calendar for
reason my friend by the hour use that
ish okay plan in advance what you're
gonna do give yourself breaks some me
time
but when it's work time you work hard
that doesn't mean you work and you have
Facebook open and Twitter open in the
back no starting for four hours and then
be like okay you know it's time for a
break for the next hour I'm gonna go on
Facebook I'm gonna see what dramas
popping I'm gonna forget click am you
I'm gonna freakin stalk Meg's boyfriend
cry for twenty minutes and go back to
work you give us some study tips okay so
um if I was to give you any study tips
it would be based off my own experience
and that is studying in groups is great
I encourage that because when you're
studying alone it can be kinda pressing
you kind of feel unmotivated when you're
with other people you see other people
working like oh I want to work too it
keeps you sane however choose the people
you study with very wisely and sometimes
that may mean you won't be able to study
with their close friends I can tell you
through my university experience
sometimes I studied with the worst
people and if you're watching this
you're one of those people I'm sorry but
you were terrible to study with sorry
because I would try to get to my book
reading your what about this over the
end they just keep talking so make sure
when you study in study groups which are
great that you pick the right people and
unfortunately like I said sometimes that
may not be your closest friends also
take note of where you started if you're
starting on your bed lying down all
comfortable like ready to fall asleep
you're not gonna get a lot done try to
study at a desk setting up right um and
try not to be like doing 50 things at
the same time eating dinner studying
doing this don't try to just be focused
find what works for you are you a visual
learner you learn better when you hear
things well I do personally I have my
textbook I read it I summarized into
notes okay and then
when I summarize into notes I learn by
writing by writing things out I get over
the textbook I go over my notes go over
my notes government's cover cover them
testing cover the test cover test you
can't test me
yeah kansan okay now let's forget the
academic stuff should we let's get into
the social aspects of high school and
university now if you're going into high
school so you finish elementary school
or middle school now you're going into
high school you I'm gonna be really real
with you okay I'm not your parent I'm
not your mom or dad I am your friend
right now so I'm gonna be really super
real with you okay when you go from
elementary school to middle school into
high school you are gonna be exposed to
things you've never seen before
types of people you've never been seen
never seen before sorry
couples you've never seen four you're
gonna see people making out okay you're
gonna see people smoking you're gonna
see people drinking you're gonna see all
these drugs all these things all these
parties and you're gonna think oh holy
crap this is different from recess yes
it is different from recess because high
school has a variety of people and what
I want to say to you is don't get caught
up in that crap okay you can have a
blast in high school and still not be
effed up okay I know that's hard to
believe in today's day and age because
when you go to high school chances are
everyone's gonna be a hot effing master
you don't have to be that hot mess I'm
tell you right now don't ruin your high
school years by skipping classic I'm not
being unlike unreal with you say never
skip class you're gonna skip class
sometimes I'm not encouraging it but
it's gonna happen I'm being real don't
be getting drunk don't be doing drugs
don't be doing all this crap trust me it
ruins your high school experience I'm
not saying this because it's scripted I
truly believe it you know stay away from
that kind of stuff it will ruin your
high school experience and your chances
of getting into college or university
because you will F up your mark so nerdy
is cool trust me and I'm gonna prove
that right now not to be stereotyping
but swag stamp dough saying when you go
from high school to university that same
feeling will be there everything that
you thought was so oh my god in high
school gets exaggerated by a million at
university because now things are so
much more real no one's taking your
attendance no one is you know begging
you to go to class no one's gonna call
your house think oh your son or daughter
missed school today No
your responsibility increases massively
going into university or college because
they are taking thousands of dollars of
your money they don't care if you come
or not you're paying them thousands
carvaka I don't give a damn so you
really need to focus in university a lot
more responsibility gets thrown on you
no one's gonna babysit you
there's only parties left right and
center there's even the opportunities to
do all types of after pêche once again
that is your job to focus and know which
parties to go to which people to
associate with and I beg of you the
first day you go to university you make
that decision what kind of company you
want to be around who you want to hang
out with what kind of group you are in
the associated with don't make those
mistakes don't get sucked into stupid
crap okay
avoid the stupid crap random tips um
I'll tell you our bring your own lunch
to school okay high school and
university can be very expensive
processes as is first of all high school
my cat only had one good thing to her
french fries they were like five dollars
okay you're gonna go broke very fast if
you buy line to be unhealthy like crap
throughout the day bring your lunch to
high school and to university chancellor
you your university has microwaves and
so does your high school take advantage
of that mom's freaking saganaki for you
and go beat I'll do put on tape you
bring that is okay because you will find
yourself especially if you're moving out
into residence you will gain so much
weight and feel so crappy and just feel
so unhealthy because you will eat so
much junk food so be aware of that
don't do that Peng last not least you
want to go to school feeling confident
right everyone wants to feel confident
you scared you're nervous let's talk
baby let's talk come here come here man
you're all stressed about University
come down mind worst-case scenario to
start making YouTube videos after you
get your degree that's all good but
listen I want talk okay you're feeling
nervous you feeling scared baby girl
that's all times okay listen baby boy
baby girl let's hold hands kid you were
gonna be fine
I promise you everybody goes through in
high school university college wherever
don't stress you want to feel confident
before you go to school look at yourself
in the mirror and say whoo break and I
can do this dress with confidence dress
so you feel like a bow okay and I
promise you will do fabulously what I
want you to do watch this video okay
after your first day at school I want
you to comment below again okay
comment right now be like yo what's up
I'm scared going so and so sure and then
I want you to comment again after first
day school and I want to know how it
went
I really want to know how it went
because I wish you the absolute best of
luck
um and ultimately all I can say is don't
stress enjoy the ride honestly enjoy the
ride the studying the test the exams are
fitting in the making friends I promise
it will all fall into its place all you
have to do is enjoy the ride ok so I
hope you're feeling better don't stress
don't be nervous
soup well I love you rate comment
subscribe
it's my blog leave love Channel okay and
I hope that kind of help I hope that
made you feel better
um and yeah I love you I do okay that's
a wrap superwoman one swag swag over
here no swerve so everything swag okay
Yolo Yolo swag swear word peace and one
more thing I almost forgot I have to
give a shout-out to two schools that I
promised I would because they got top
comment on my previous video so huge
massive shout outs to shock shock my
very own University York University York
uyu I see you baby shoutouts to you all
so shuttles to Drexel University you
made the top comment baby you know why
cuz you fly shuttles to you good luck
out peace ah
