whatever girl superwoman and welcome to
super stamp the official superwoman
travel vlog series so in my first few
episodes of super stamp I showed you
beautiful Thailand and this episode and
probably future episodes aren't gonna be
like that because in those episodes you
saw Thailand through a tourist point of
view very fun touristy type of things
but don't be fooled because when I
travel I usually don't do the tourist
thing in fact that's why I started this
travel vlog series so I can show you all
these beautiful places through my eyes
and to be honest there's pros and cons
because a lot of times I can't do those
really cool touristy things because of
my busy schedule but I get to do other
awesome things for example I meet the
coolest people and of course I get to
meet all of you wonderful around the
world so having said all that shall we
get into Australia yesterday at night so
the reason I went to Sydney last year
was for a YouTube convention and I was
really excited because it was the first
time I got to meet other youtubers and
my panties were in a knot
now the actual convention was rammed I
mean the support and the Ovation and the
fans and everything was just so
overwhelming I'm not even kidding when I
went to Sydney I was really nervous
because I was like who in Australia is
gonna watch my videos realistically but
a boy was at home
you
there's any other thing you want to say
that
Boosh wait you see that crowd right
there true story in that crowd right
there a girl was pulling my hair
throughout that entire walk but you know
what
I ain't even mad do you want to put my
head do do it I also took a flight
category why not Kangaroo reference I
took a flight on over to Melbourne
because I had a show there as well and
again I was all nervous all over again
because I was like who's gonna know me
so I came back to Sydney and I was like
there was no way I'm leaving Australia
without hugging a koala bear and like
jumping in a kangaroo's pouch and let me
just tell you before I continue that I
feel like kangaroos are my spirit
animals like my soul mates for no
particular reason I just feel like I
feel people lot in common
these are the facts twinsies so you know
what I did I took a little trip over to
the zoo
which did you see that book did you see
that bar replay we play
huh I swear to God that effenberg came
straight out of movie up and just
charged toward me Here I am with my
spirit and all my soul mate bonding with
the kangaroo and this pterodactyl just
like your room okay
effing Big Bird go back to Sesame Street
minor detail also got to check out some
really cool architecture and my check on
I mean drive there tell the car to stop
run out run up to the building take a
selfie post on Instagram run back which
isn't that what Trump is all about
though come on validating yourself to
Instagram post
and the reason I've decided to release
this blog today is because I have the
honor coming back to Sydney that's why
I'll be coming back to sitting at the
end of this month made 2014 the end of
the month for YouTube fan festival
Singapore and Sydney all the information
is in the description - when where how
tickets everything description any
question you have description click
those links check it out and I cannot
wait for Australia part 2 can't wait to
see you again my little Vegemite
speaking of virtual I should probably go
back make sure you click that subscribe
button because this is my second blog
channel it pulls a whole bunch of cool
stuff here so make sure you click that
subscribe button also make sure you give
this video a big thumbs up and comment
below until next time one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Sydney
Australia you fish Leben super stick
