what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman look at me on a laptop iMovie
webcam like all the times sake
blogging blog kiddie vlogging it's so
out of sync and I'm have to edit it it's
gonna be a whole
oh I movie upgrade job sex um anyways
what's that what's that is Thursday
super thirst you know that means video
coming out tonight I'm gonna switch it
up a little bit tonight at 12 o'clock
I'm actually going to be releasing
humble the poet's music video featuring
myself
morning 3 mix morning Bella Bella Bella
Bella believe I live in heaven that's
all the remix I am in a music video I
was honor enough to be asked to be in a
music video so that's gonna be my video
released for tonight that's coming out
at midnight um for all you people who
would like my comedy videos I apologize
I know that's not a comedy video but
I'll be right back at it on Monday so
don't you worry guys switch it up a
little bit you know leg switch it up hey
um so I thought I also make a vlog just
in case you wanted to see my face and
stuff aside from that morning video here
I am or update you but a few things that
are going on in my life and stuff and
talk about stuff and stuff stuff is
great um or reminder July 14th which is
Saturday you know what it is what's the
14th of every month ask superwoman
and this time it's gonna be live it's
gonna be live on you-now and the link is
in the description it's gonna be a 7
o'clock p.m. Eastern Standard Time so I
tried to make a time that well to the
best of my ability that worked with
different time zones and stuff so 7
o'clock p.m. Eastern Standard Time which
in the UK I believe is midnight um and
Vancouver is like 3-4 ish by the way I'm
not wearing eyeliner that's why I look
like I'm a sleeping man also July 20th
that weekend July 20 I will be
Washington DC what up Obama I will be at
an all-girls already conference I'm
really excited about that and then get
this I'm listening to the radio I'm
driving listen to the radio and I hear
that Nicki Minaj is doing a concert in
all the curse she's doing her pick
Friday - alright so she's gonna be in
Chicago so like I wonder like you should
come to Toronto I wonder how far Chicago
is from wherever I'm gonna be in DC
maybe when I'm did you say a flat it was
a go
you get this I go home I check our tour
days she's in Washington DC the same
weekend as me I'd be lying if I say that
I didn't almost cry so I bought tickets
to hurt or her concert I'm super excited
I'll for sure vlog there as well at
Nicki Minaj's concert I I'm gonna die
click clearly I'm already dead and I
know I know you guys are expecting oh my
god you guys gonna kill me don't kill
don't kill me listen this will happen I
was making the SMERSH mashup video she
writes I was editing and I was like oh
my god an idea hit me that would be 20
times better than the mashup I was
making like a different way to show all
the pictures you guys sent me so I know
you two kill me but I'm not releasing it
today I know I know I know I know I
promise you it will be released within
the next week and it will be 20 times
better than what I originally had
planned I'm just a person if I think
about something I think it could be a
really good idea I'd rather execute that
with the quality version of it so hope
you can bear with me I'm sorry I know
but now on to the good stuff shall we
so my viewers ask a lot of questions all
type of questions about my tattoos about
you know what I do in my life all this
stuff one of the most common questions I
get is how do I deal with haters people
that go sip that hater ray and I
initially wasn't gonna address this but
that would happen is other day I woke up
and my mom was watching my videos in her
room and she often does and she looks at
me she said Lily I don't like these
comments and people living I'm not gonna
lie like the comments don't really
bother me but I could understand if my
mom or my sister you know my dad watch
my videos and they see the comments I
could understand why I would bother them
just the same if someone was making
comments but my family I'd probably you
know I did the 13th status so I thought
you know why not let's talk about how I
how I deal with haters I don't have a
one-off response to that but if I had to
try to sum my answer into a sentence I
would say I handles it like a bow
session no I really like quotes and I
like motivational stuff but there's one
quote that I really really really like
and that I tried to live my life based
on and that is life is a tragedy for
those who feel and a comedy for those
who think take that in so my thing is I
just don't really take much seriously in
life I mean sure there's some things
that take seriously though for the most
part I'm very easygoing just not really
caring about a lot of stuff um and to
demonstrate I thought hey why not read
some hate comments live
now on video someone opened on my
YouTube and I'm is not rehearsed or
anything like I don't I haven't read
them before I don't know how like
answers prepared I'm just gonna read
them live and see what happens
that's why I can't get married so that
was pretty popular it was in the most
popular section in YouTube hey no sound
booths intended but I was proud we're
all so much just pause that shall we
read some hate comments let's do it
are you trying to be like nigga hey guy
hope I said that right I watches videos
by stomata say his name with the black
with the black tank top and weird facial
expressions oh snap
maybe I should wear a different color
tank top I did a lot of comments like
that I'm trying to be like so-and-so
because you have hair and you do this
so are you implying that anyone who
wears a black tank top and has weird
facial expressions is trying to be
someone else so he said what you're
saying you are a loser and so annoying
stop trying so hard oh my god you just
gave me a view thank you
this beep is so annoying funny story
that's your second comments oh really am
i annoying if you've been here for so
long I loves you thank you for helping
my video reach the most popular section
Papa papa brown people are hairy and
smell bad I'm sure you're very
successful in life Bella lalala another
chick trying to get youtube famous not
into it well clearly you are if you're
watching my video sweetheart
loser thank you for the informative
comment this ho doesn't know anything
about her culture oh how could I forget
that you've known me my whole life
invisible 0:03 says sheer stupid what
you're just sheer invisible things I
care about la la la la la la balling to
to100 says you're ugly that's why you
can't get married well that's
unfortunate for me but um luckily for
you finding someone is clearly based on
a spelling bee so you're in luck I just
signed in to tell you you are cool you
ain't black stop fronting like you all
fly and all that lol please you're not
fooling me okay correction I'm not
trying to be black I am naturally ghetto
because I'm from Scarborough I don't
people confuse that I take zero offence
to being called ghetto I'm ghetto and
proud you just signed in to tell me that
means I'm on your damn mind so hey plus
one for me you're too much of a whore to
get married lol
what the hell are you basing that on
like did you see me at a club making out
somebody if it did then grant it but I
don't think you did you don't appear to
be the marrying type please never have
children says groin puller you should
definitely have children we need more of
you around to superwoman you live in a
fake world my girl if you think Facebook
or Internet is everything in life both
internet and Facebook screws people's
heads off just gonna move right along
there you talk too much you're watching
a video of a rant what do you want me to
do dance next episode can you wear a
bikini please you need to wear less
clothing well thank you that's what
happens when you grow up in Canada you
become individualistic and self-centered
combined with late moral development
adulthood is scary and most never reach
it remaining with the irresponsible kid
mentality their whole life I'm gonna
give this person or cookie for every
bigger things and honestly I go through
thousands and thousands more pages of
hate comments want to let you guys know
that in life people will hate on what
you do and this is my take on it it's
not natural to get gold I'm gonna go on
this ghost video and what she's a
hoarder that's not a natural thing to do
the only reason someone would do that is
because they're dealing with their own
insecurities someone doesn't like
something they could easily ignore but
when people feel the need to go out of
their way and comment on Twitter YouTube
and Facebook this just means that
they're just really friggin insecure and
if you do have haters which inevitably
everybody will have handled like a boss
at the end of the day all the people I
want to tweet their witty comments on
Twitter on Facebook on YouTube I'll
never respond why because you're still
watching what I'm doing you're
commenting underneath my video giving me
of you who's really winning even under
this video someone will write a hate
comment many people world why because
they're mad at what I'm saying right now
and they're mad that I'm calling them
all they feel bad about themselves
and they wish they could wear winter hat
in the middle of summer and they wish
they had you know this friggin where is
it pimple right here they wish they did
they what you wish you did
love a hater that's super annoying and
was like and you have a hater that's
super annoying and like just keeps
bother you just agree with them and tell
them to shop F up dude how did you know
more how did you know how could I not
have noticed that I'm black
I feel so stupid I can't believe you
knew I was black and I didn't oh my god
you're right I do eat curry and I am
smelly I'm gonna go take a shower and
Febreze have yourself a wonderful
morning afternoon day/night whatever
wherever you are you are beautiful I
love you
yeah don't stop right now go c'mon oh
shit go look in the mirror could you die
over but nothing will make you finer
then a wonderful personality so make
sure you are not a hater 12 o'clock
midnight tonight I will be releasing
that music video so make sure you stay
tuned that that will be on my main
channel if you haven't yet make sure you
click Subscribe a new daddy dad to my
vlog new blog the blog channel which is
this one right hurt it hurt her okay bye
I'm not superwoman one
