what's a girl superwoman and welcome to
super step the official Superman travel
blog series and in this episode we're
continuing our travels to Thailand or
our contiki adventure and today at first
off is in coldtown which means island of
tau or tau island or it could be neither
of those to be honest I don't know I
think that this was educational
what does ko Chow mean Kota now that
Turtle Island cult owl meaning Turtle
Island superwoman learned me that Google
but before we get into all this Franklin
type fun this happened now let's just
say as someone who would rather cuddle a
chainsaw then see a creepy crawly nasty
thing I'm still crapping my pants but
that's okay because honestly the resort
and hotel was absolutely amazing it
literally looked like a level in the
game Donkey Kong
there's just ramps Everywhere's in the
middle of a forest jungle those
alleyways never I pretty much stayed in
King Kong's bedroom check that off my
bucket list like no words can explain
how awesome and beautiful this place was
we literally took a boat went to the
middle of the water and then jumped off
the book I know that sounds simple in
language not squashed shut I'm so be
sure you've shot
you
you
so the Haslam let me jump off this boat
okay ready listen to you guys you got it
well she will ha I have the biggest
budget
do a lien economic oh snap you like that
adventure miss Sun that's why I can't
swim but I knew I would regret not
jumping off the boat so I've done it and
I did it
among some next-level Life of Pi SEO
bring me the diamond bring it I can take
it so there's a whole bunch of other
awesome islands surrounding this one
awesome island and on the same day we
got to visit the only place in the world
where three separate islands are
connected by a beat which means you can
literally walk along a strip of sand
from island to island
it's like connect the dots with the
nature man and there's just epic view
from the top of a mountain but of course
like most beautiful places in life you
have to walk up several stairs to get
there so the words of Britney Spears if
you want to see an epic sight in Thai
language an Instagram picture and not
even a music folks then you better work
work I'm pretty sure that was lyrics
please stop eating fries for lips wet
white
I'm blogging you blogging oh my god
should I cameras yes
oh my god I love ya when in Thailand
find my resize
you can you to wear this legacy on sir
little bit tape and a GoPro out of the
queue successor being cheap and ghetto
and ratchet
but in Thailand I'll be Robin Thicke
today I ended up with a nice cool swim
in the water
some fun with some random white people
and that one Asian guy whom I all love
our next stop was in Bangkok and we had
the pleasure and honor of staying in the
Sofitel hotel nothing like me and you
grouping together when you're like what
the shimmer is the Sofitel hotel let me
fill you in
let's just say that if you can afford to
stay at the Sofitel hotel on a regular
day that your family is not one of those
families that used to steal the napkins
from McDonald's okay because you need to
be gone because straight up when Drake
asked are you fancy huh he was talking
to this hotel and then this hotel
replied by said hell yeah hell yeah hell
yeah I'm talking designer herb bang okay
the hotel has its own Chocolate Factory
and it was built around the concept of
the elements it's freaking watch this
what uh what what a girl can't dream did
you know how extremely fancy hotel so
there's only one thing left to do one
thing in conclusion Hotel Bangkok where
absolutely amazeballs I just say Bangkok
and balls in the same sentence stop it
now but this is just part two so make
sure you rate comment and click that
subscribe button so you can join me on
the rest of my Contiki adventure across
Thailand and across so many other often
countries and don't forget you want to
go on a kentucky adventure all the
information is in the description but i
just for now cold towel and bangkok you
officially been super step
you
