what weren't a girl soup woman welcome
to super stab the official super woman
travel vlog series and this episode
wanted Contiki adventure cross Thailand
what up t-shirt reference and our first
stop is in Chiang Mai but before we get
into the fun let me give you a very
elaborate introduction of the contingent
group so much friendship our first stop
was in this beautiful temple whose name
I cannot pronounce but I'm gonna try the
wat khao sok thick temple i'm sorry if i
butchered that please don't sangria
hallo and it's at this temple that I
learn travel lesson number one which is
escalators much like romantic comedies
create expectations that can't always be
fulfilled because home girl had to walk
up three hundred steps to get to this
temple and do I look like some sort of
fit person
I can't do it I've embraced the bush
monkey this in my hair it's just how it
is it's just what's happening Mike I'm
really regretting working so to the left
those veggie burgers right now I'm an
athlete ladies and gentlemen
so we all have to take off our shoes and
obviously I'm prepared for this because
I'm a lady
it was actually super cool because one
of the monks tied this spring on me
which is meant for good luck and
blessing so I got blessed by a monk so I
beseech everyone else says check out on
my spring string every time I come
around your city string string um and I
also bought this small ax and the monk
also blessed it and he said this prayer
I'm not sure exactly what he said but
I'm pretty sure you said I'm gonna hit 5
million subscribers I I'm not sure I
heard like something with 5 million
subscribers absoulte three boys and no
matter where you are in the world
whether it's a holy temple in Thailand
you'll find one thing always go get go
yeah
our next stop was a Thai cooking class
and let me tell you this is the first
time I actually enjoyed being told what
to do in the kitchen but first we had to
pick up some groceries in the
marketplace and this is where I learned
travel lesson number two which is when
you travel with a whole bunch of other
bloggers and youtubers we are fascinated
by everything we just vlog and record
everything even if it's things we see
every day oh my god is this a market or
those apples oh my god girl passing my
wide angle lens let me get this should
we crazy
lastly we went to this awesome elephant
farm his elephant farm a correct term
elephant foot it is now and let me just
say I don't know why I have been
associating with humans when elephants
have been here the whole time
these elephants were amazing these
elephants be playing sports
clanging instruments
painting pictures
and picking up after themselves
and they can Buster one like I'm so
confused why am I not dating an elephant
and comment inappropriate sex joke here
go ahead go ahead
in conclusion my contiki adventure cross
Chiang Mai was awesomesauce but this is
only part 1 so make sure you rate
comment and click that subscribe button
to see the rest of my travels across
Thailand and other awesome countries and
if you want experience I can take
adventure yourself click the link in
description to check out all that
information but for now Chiang Mai
you've officially been super step
