what about going to girls Superman
here's toy an awesome awesome contest
for you I present you project positive
challenge number one wall of happiness /
motivation / awesomesauce
hey guys might know a lot of my videos I
have in front of this wall I calls my
wall of motivation things that just make
me happy I'm challenging you to make
your own why I wholeheartedly glue any
positive vibes and actively taking steps
towards happiness the images on my wall
not only make me feel awesome but they
remind me who I am and what I stand for
in case I ever start to forget they're
my foundation my beliefs my values my
philosophy on life so my little way of
making the world a brighter more awesome
place is to challenge you to make your
own wold motivation it's very simple
here's what you do find images from
anywhere magazine newspaper the internet
and save those images but don't just
think images that you think should make
you happy and that you think should
represent you no no no that's wack sauce
we don't we don't do lack sauce only
save images that you genuinely feel
represent you and that truly make you
happy you see an image and it makes you
smile click Save
next print these images or draw these
and just do something at the images on
paper
get up staples this is Depot Kinkos
whatever your local printing place is
make it happen
mommy daddy I need $5.00 next find an
empty wall now if you're desi like me
and your parents hate when you put stuff
up on the wall use a piece of Bristol
water display board same thing if you
are allowed to put your images on the
wall
lenient parents here's a trick to avoid
putting 50,000 holes and pieces of tape
on the wall only tape or pain your
middle image and then use double-sided
tape and extend from that image
attaching to the first image not ruining
pain down below then be creative make a
collage of Awesomeness overlapping
arranging and however you feel and when
you're done take a step back smile and
admire your masterpiece next from a
phone camcorder camera iPad whatever you
have to record video and make a video
response to this video
be creative tell me your name tell me
where you're from if you want to tell me
a bit about you all dance in front of
all singing front of you all beatbox in
front of your wall somehow creatively
showcase or wall to me move with a group
of friends do it with your parents have
fun with it title the video super Emma's
project positive challenge on June 20th
I will be releasing a video video
responses are due before the release of
my video in that video I will be
announcing a few winners and what to get
on to the good part not only do get
positivity and a lifetime of happiness
but I will be shouting out the winners
in that video and I'll also personally
find and print images that I feel suture
off
sign the write your little message and
send them over to you really it's just
it's just it's just the positive in your
plane my signature is chicken scratch
lastly don't be selfish with this if you
think someone can have a positive boost
share this video let your friends and
family normal super ones project
positive let's see how far we can take
this making the world a better place
one challenge at a time and all that's a
lot of instructions so everything I said
is in the description below and hey I
hope you're up for the challenge that's
a wrap guys please
