are you ready to get this thing started
good morning it is a beautiful day here
in Los Angeles California and I'm so
excited cuz I'm gonna be so productive
my head is hurting a little bit why
because on the roof today people are
fixing some holes that into my
cerebellum and my brainstem in my
cerebral cortex and all the things but
here's the mission for today
wake up and write a script shoot a
collaboration clear mine box and some
emails write some scripts unpack for my
New York trip I'll work on some secret
grab yourself a paper a pen make
yourself to do this because this is
where productivity lives it whereabouts
are so hard just finish writing my
script give me the points now I'm gonna
take a shower and do my hair and makeup
that wasn't even on my to-do list
somebody get some bonus points Meghan
green and I'm ready hair done makeup
done action into anything to my hair but
it's awesome curls from yesterday so I'm
like oh I'll take it this is dirty as
hell trash props for today just saying
damn stop stop it stop looking stop
looking these are you you know this
Teddy came free but this today is I am
walking around topless all day long when
I get home no but you take a breath it's
busy my back over here everybody got to
go that's very much right now right now
when you watch this today in a few hours
let them know that the vlog Channel send
you fizzle sneak peek what's up bro who
was your date she was looking at my
cleavage all night Yeah right
hey when that happens you're so lucky
man I was like a nine year old boy this
is not a blessing they're so big and
annoying
also DOM and Susie have both agreed to
do super 60 which means that after the
bee releases for 60 minutes myself and
um and Susie will all respond your
comments for 60 minutes to let everybody
know sign you can ask them all to spicy
questions you won't love what we do and
now we eat look at me feeding my team oh
I'm so good I want to take a moment and
guess what I found in my burger comment
below guess I found my burger not gonna
guess I found the goddamn you're those
soda gummies like the coke bottle
gummies in my burger from veggie girl
bed you know if you're watching this and
go ahead and send me a 1 million dollar
gift card now wow oh that's a wrap on
the shoot you guessed it is gonna be if
guys had boobs and already tell you that
if not I'm telling you no now I have all
bunch of emails to write and creatives
to write so many creatives why does
almost December which means twelve
collab Christmas try and get a head
start this year that's what's up just
take two minutes to chill oh just move
it two minutes just give it a point high
five
look what I'm eating or look what I
almost finished I've come to the
realization remember in every live
stream where you see like my nose itchy
it turns out that when I eat popcorn
buttery popcorn my nose gets itchy
because now my nose itch I think it's
maybe I catch my nose and the butter
makes I don't know what it is buttery
popcorn makes my nose at you I'm
allergic to my babe I don't care who you
are where you be what you do as long as
you
hold up hold up what you need to do
right now is give me the mud at some
point I just said through six creative
ideas I'm bringing Chuck I'm poop you
just won it and I gotta wake I'm so
really smart not that early 10:30 but so
early tomorrow let's wash my face done I
even floss give me the poison brush my
teeth give the points I'm not gonna lie
I'm really bad I brush my teeth first
sleep but I did no give me the guy
grabbed points all right I would have
been sitting my room dancing jabbing her
for like the longest time I need to go
to sleep up calls in the morning and
meetings all day tomorrow sorry feels a
short vlog but yo it happened work happy
productivity lived here did you also did
you also rack up your points is Iraq on
my point so see how we did today
oh thanks for joining me on today I'm
something all the collabs are coming up
and trying to space well between collabs
and videos of myself cuz I know some
people like collapsible don't look labs
but you should know twelve claps of
Christmas I'm working on it trying to
get a head start trying to give you the
best quality content that I can that's
what I want to do every day for you make
some ish that's gonna make some people
smile that's this all about you know
don't forget a girl of rafiki's and pins
are on sale right now over 12,000 sold
by the way the goal is 16,000 by october
11th which is gave the girl and tell
them yo rest a little bit one wake up in
the morning the hustle continues if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe well y'all are so funny can I
just say I was going to comment some
yesterday's vlog and obvious you know I
stock out on Twitter and I apparently
Kyle made some comment and in the vlog I
said I'm what that's what I think that
no idea what Kyle said and I see how
onto her like she said I'm not then
y'all be trippin the most out here
