what if everyone it's your girl
superwoman look at this first time I
phoned vlogedy Brill out an evil evil
evil under the road of love just came
back from milking Mills High School in
my hometown of Markham it was
awesomesauce were not such a good time I
absolutely loved talking at schools I
know I've said this a million times but
I love talking at schools this is sorry
my shaky accent I absolutely love
speaking at schools it's such a humbling
experience and it's so awesome to see
that like people watched my videos and
then just to meet them and they're so
inspired just words can describe so
blessed thank you so much milking those
and every other school that's ever
invited me there
milking us they had a awesome conference
called how to be awesome
and had to be awesome and it was totally
cool as all-girls conference it was just
awesome sauce motivational inspirational
times I had such an amazing time shout
out to all the girls that were there at
Milliken Mills high school shout out to
the vice principal and all the teachers
who organized that event I mean I wish I
went to high school in today's day and
age and all the high schools I've been
to an elementary schools I've been to
they have such awesome programs it's
really so nice to see the teachers and
principals and vice principals and
organizers working that hard just
because they know gonna make a
difference with the kids totally support
that Big Ups to you all shut up to the
vice principal I'm looking those you're
awesome yeah and yeah the girls gonna
show you some footage I took so yeah
every time I go to school I always get
asked one question always are you one
Direction fan time I go somewhere and
there's a million One Direction bands I
get them to sing one direction let's
check it out
yeah that's a wrap to this vlog an
awesome time thank you so much milk in
those shoutouts to you it was even more
special because it wasn't my hometown
you're beautiful
loved yourself and tell yourself you're
awesome every day because yeah you're
all so boring
please oh and if you want me at your
school send me an email to
iisuperwomanii at gmail.com because I'd
love to come
