what about wanted to girl superwoman
welcome to vlogedy blog good eve lucky
blog good eve lucky blog reflow to vlog
um so what's up this is my blog channel
i know i said every time but i feel the
need to say it again um some of all
channel and if you haven't subscribed to
yet make sure you do because where i do
things without a script and i act crazy
them like hey look at me I'm weird
subscribe what's up um so yeah I'll
purpose of this vlog is just update you
guys on a few things that are popping in
my life um first things first I'm sure
you guys are you know I was in a little
bit of a Kay's new video today living in
a brown family 3.50
I'm just for a couple seconds cuz it was
kind enough to be like yo so gonna be my
video and I was like ok cool yeah thanks
answers really cool guy and he's really
nice and I was very flattered from to
ask me so check it out very minor role
but you know showed me some support and
stuff like that in that and show his
video some love bits in the description
also you guys already know get the main
point of this vlog I have a point I know
yeah main point of this vlog is to
basically update you guys on my social
medias way because last night or
yesterday I figured I should really up
my game for social media since that's
what I live off of so you guys already
know have a Twitter um I didn't have a
Facebook you guys know that I have a
tumblr yesterday I got to Google+ I know
my eye makeup is all smudged I'm sorry I
know but I got it so Google+ if you're
on Google+ search me up iisuperwomanii
but forget all that the main purpose of
this vlog is I want to tell you about
Pinterest everyone kept telling you
about Pinterest this thing where you
could put pictures together in albums
and stuff like that um and so I
yesterday believe it or not as sad as
this is I spent the whole day working on
a Pinterest account and the reason I did
this is because every so often I get
someone messages me and says we're to
get your posters from that's on your
wall if that wall over there with all
the pictures and posters like where to
get them from and I can you send it to
me yada yada so basically what I've done
is I've uploaded different boards on
Pinterest one is happiness one
spirituality one is my philosophy just
things like that general good feel good
stuff um some hopes of when I feel low
and when you feel if you know someone's
feeling low if you go through the
album's I created I think they're very
motivational I'm very inspirational
they're not only the ones on my wall
that most of them are there but there's
just so many more that I've added so I
actually searched and uploaded pictures
I believe in quotes all that good stuff
so I
highly recommend you take a look at it
um I'm not gaining anything from you
following me on Pinterest or anything
like that is just really genuine because
a lot of people do ask me how I stay
positive motivate inspire I'm hoping
that if you low check out those images
you might be like whoa man I feel better
and stuff that's all I could ever ask
for
I'll just check it out this is how you
go this is this is it I I don't know
follow me or I don't even what the term
is there to be honest
befriend me I don't know but it's also
in the description so make sure you
check out my Pinterest account follow me
on Twitter Facebook Google+ Tumblr all
that good stuff I mean yeah this is the
other side of my room this is my
Rockstar collection if so many cans of
rock starts really sad
so I'm messy dressing-table over here oh
jesus okay I know all of you all do I go
look at the picture ward root Omega
which is obsessed last time he was here
he signed this thing and I just don't
know where to put it so I put right
there so don't make no rumors my friends
okay my year yeah anyway subscribe to my
vlog channel I'm just putting the
finishing touches on today's video I
hope you liked it if you do make sure
you show it some love thumbs it up
comment and please guys if you like my
videos not guys so I mean beauties and I
like saying guys but if you like my
videos please share them and absolutely
make such a big difference and forget
views I got in care of you just me
seeing gonna share their actually makes
me feel good because before that I'm all
anxious and stuff but when I see people
like sharing it I'm like okay so do that
instead that's all love you guys so much
and have a great night and you're all
beautiful and um duties hey guys
