whatever wanted to girl soup woman so
yesterday Nicki Minaj deletes her
Twitter account and obviously the world
of the Bluebird just jumps on that topic
and this rant isn't about Nicki Minaj
it's not about why she delete her to her
account um if you know anything about
Twitter hopefully you do if not upgrade
yourself but comeback Nicki was trending
which means a lot of people were talking
about that and saying come back Nicki on
Twitter obviously you know those are
fans I would like come back did we miss
you please come back to Twitter then of
course there's those people that like to
hate and I'm not saying you know you
don't have the right to your own opinion
but this rant is about something very
specific that irritates the bejeebies
out of me
okay and when I searched for you know
what people are talking about in regards
to Nicki Minaj some people are just like
oh thank god Nicki Minaj is gone oh go
kill yourself Nicki and stuff like that
and that right there is my issue I don't
care if you think someone isn't talented
I don't care if you don't particularly
like their style of music I don't even
care if you like their watching them if
they'll entertain you whatever that's
your opinion that's totally cool
whatever what bothers me is I don't
understand why people think they can say
whatever they want to say no matter how
rude or how inhumane or how heartless to
people just because they're celebrities
it boggles my mind I do not understand
it's like you would go up to someone on
the street and get a go by the way go
kill yourself like what are you wearing
I hate you why is it okay for people to
say that to people just because they're
on TV I know the argument is all like oh
they have money and fame whatever they
don't have any problems okay yes people
have money and fame explain to me how
that correlates to them not having a
heart in human emotions everyone is
entitled to their own opinion that's
fine but there's a limit just because
you know you probably will never meet
Nicki Minaj don't forget forget if you
know you know I guess I'm gonna keep
Minaj fan I have her album you know I
went to her concert and my diehard fan
node where I think water every day no I
enjoy her music I'm talking about any
artist Justin Bieber Nicki Minaj Kim
Kardashian Snooki whoever any person in
the public eye if you don't like what
they're doing cool but why do people
feel the need to treat them like they're
not human what is it because you think
that you're actually never going to meet
the person so you just tweet or comment
everyone or is it because you're behind
a computer screen and I by no means and
comparing myself to these people but in
the small little world I'm in I'm kind
of in the public eye as well and I even
see it on a smaller scale with me you'll
see these people leave hate comments and
don't get me wrong
constructive criticism very appreciate
if you have something constructive to
say pointing out specific things saying
I think you can improve on this or I
didn't particularly like this hey when
you just say stupid things I go kill
yourself and jump off a bridge and
things like that even when Whitney
Houston died and people were you know
mourning for her and was a trending
topic saying rest in peace Whitney
there's people that are saying oh why
are we mourning for Whitney Houston why
are people so concerned about Whitney
Houston when people die around the world
every day granted I totally agree people
die around the world every day but that
doesn't mean you could take away
people's right to mourn for someone I
mean if you really care about equality
that means Whitney Houston's death is
completely equal to someone else's death
United mean yes these ones are kind of
unknown and they happen more frequently
these people are not celebrities at the
same time a death is a death a life is a
life and yes this person may be a
celebrity a lot more people may be
mourning and aware of this but you can't
be like oh don't mourn for this person
this irritates me so much it's like
people who have a dream work towards it
and actually make it or penalize because
the world hates them after that wouldn't
be just so much better if people like oh
you had a dream when you're a kid oh you
went through ups and downs oh you made
it now you're celebrity you know what
high five
so I beg you you're someone who tweets
celebrities or comments and postings
that are just totally inhumane and
heartless reconsider and realize that
you know what they might actually read
that and they're people believe it or
not money and fame does not mean you
don't have heart this is just my one
little way of making the world a better
place and yes I know there's millions of
other things I could have talked about
but this one in particular really
bothered me and yeah just all try to say
is one loved one human noise one heart
everyone's equal god I think I'm going
to do a vlog on this brampton problems
video - yeah that's just my little light
of positivity this is my vlog channel
make sure you subscribe to hear me rant
about other things check out my main
channel it's right there I do a lot of
sketches and comedy thangs
Facebook and Twitter links are in the
description and yeah just play
be nice please
