what about everyone it's your girl
superwoman disclaimer right off the bat
this video is about absolutely nothing
important so if your panties are likely
to get bunched dismiss yourself
so if you see matter wedding reception
and I look upset it's not because I'm
upset about the marriage it's not
because I'm a drunk
it's not because I'm emo I'm a sane
upset because they served Godzilla at
the reception now if you follow me on
Twitter you knew I was gonna make this
video because I started a whole debacle
debate about awesome Olay versus
Godzilla today on Twitter and if you
don't follow me that's what's up become
a shadow my friend now be real with you
I've never had good janila
I think carrots and desserts is just F
and wrong whether it's carrot cake
carrot muffins carrot cupcakes whatever
it's just wrong to me and go Jaden that
just looks disgusting to me if you don't
know what Godzilla is let me break it
down for you it's basically looks like
Bugs Bunny took one too many tequila
shots and got diarrhea and boom go today
luster it looks like but the duck T Bugs
Bunny diarrhea with like nuts so I want
to know what do you prefer that's I'm
alive or Godzilla because to me if
there's an option between Godzilla and
Russell I and the couple chooses gadget
Allah I lose a bit of respect for that
couple and you know what chances are I'm
gonna steal your centerpiece so make the
right choice brough there's no debate on
mango ice cream and ghulam jump in
because those are effin bomb no one
argues with that everyone has golovkin
everyone has mango ice cream but then
there's that third option of Vanessa
Malay or Godzilla team when I smile or
tingly like comment below share the
video do all that good stuff this is my
vlog channel so make sure you subscribe
hit that button for other pointless
videos and yeah if you're watching this
and I came to your reception and you
served God today Allah then you know I
love you and stuff but feel bad feel bad
for that decision I had a terrible time
so yeah do the rate comment and
subscribe thank my blog Channel and I
will see you next time I have another
pointless useless idea please
