hey what's up everyone it's your girl
superwoman I had the honor and privilege
of going to Fletcher's Creek Middle
School in Brampton to speak to a few
grade 8 girls I think there's about 50
of them it's about things like self
esteem parents bullying all that good
stuff it was such a humbling experience
so check out my footage from Fletcher's
Creek I have to give a shout out to all
the girls who go to that school who came
to the meeting heroes and heels of the
club and if you're watching this video
it was an honor speaking to you and I
hope you had an awesome time please
remember everything I said was a great
great pleasure meeting you I love you
all so much
kissy kissy Kissy for all of you and
thank you for your teacher for
organizing that I was very kind of her
that's a that's a true teacher right
there so make sure you go to class and
you tell her tomorrow
you know like soup not you all but like
yo miss superwoman thinks you lie and
stuff Big Ups of teachers shoutout to
all the teachers who take their job
seriously have a passion to care for
kids shout out shout outs um and I have
to show you they made me this they made
me this picture awesome oh cool we can
all change the world see that's what I'm
talking about check out the footage
shout out Tom my fetchers Creek
superheroes figure what if everyone it's
our girls supernatural school give it up
nice some good awesome talks right now
with some awesome superheroes I'm going
to introduce you guys to them right now
hold on to it
all the people I'm zooming go where
you're in it you're in it yeah yeah
sorry are you two in the head there's
your eyes which is beautiful I can
harmonize admit that you could public
relaxing someone and that you're gonna
change that now yeah yeah how many of
those people have you
yeah elementary school high school I
wish someone came into this talk my
liking it so much easier if someone just
said hey it's okay to be friends I
wouldn't like really I know that I could
use an awesome experience at school this
is with a school high school that's what
high school next year it can be an
awesome experience
just don't ruin it for yourself to make
sure you guys be sisters stick up for
wedding of you guys are girls then yeah
thank you for having me we made this for
you this is awesome Toby made it herself
she's a good artist we blend oorah yeah
so much
right here Beyonce in the front
okay now I'm gonna come with you guys
but jumping with you guys right now okay
I think I have a sector speak middle
school now something to tell you one two
three hey our team soup woman right here
it's the future and they're against
bullying against jealousy and they're
awesome right guys that's all about love
right
