joined a band Punjabi and I think we
love people make sure you get this form
I choose super winners recommend endorse
EMC Java freestyle for us freestyle how
do you shoot a shout-out to nuts too
much in Toronto PMC was spinning it was
awesome DJ Cameron was there shoutouts
that's too much superwoman shaft up DJ
cam sharp EMC big shout out done up in
the police when I went when I when
superwoman come to see me in publishing
the big city of villains Co V Coventry
short for common for you like I mean
simple things m6 Junction 3 right she
was there she meant done done felt like
super Magna anyway yeah you see chucking
out a triple for what did any of them
hey why not watch it over and over again
give us some hints people it was DJ
county's amazing DJ new business tell me
where this house DJ Cameron represent
Toronto chillin with some format in this
video right now tell me your favorite
superhero is
fuckin should have fiercer teach y'all
shit again she loosed the team blue
pyres blue pyres
