oops I'm in Arizona what's going on it
is so damn hot isn't my kind of place
here's the mission for today's you spot
Arizona didn't give me the point and
today honestly is a lounge day I'm
actually to get rid the mission I'm here
my send a pool for a bit I'm gonna go
through my inbox but do these things but
we're here at zeitgeist I am speaking on
one of the day we Google zeitgeist is
because I was like what the f is that it
is a a common collection of thoughts a
common collection of thoughts okay
the meaning of that guy's a dominant
says H Geist a dominant set of ideals
and beliefs that motivate the actions of
the members of a society in a particular
period of time
Wow okay that's a lot of words I'm gonna
go with like the guy's the site of the
guys is where we are there will be a lot
of cool people here like I said before I
don't know how much I can vlog I want to
respect everyone's privacy that is here
because the probably some bomb it VIP PP
here so Polly's in advance if I've
missed some vlog visions weekend right
don't blog see these faces or something
so I stopped at the airport and searched
like never before
I had a goddamn microphone in my
backpack and because I got pulled to the
side they let me go inside this the big
sign says do not enter
I went beside their conveyor belt do
that I'm like a combo thing there a
tackle I was embarrassed the whole time
I was like oh you think I'm wearing the
turban right now the way almost is like
oh my god these people you might know it
he's over here I get inserts this girl's
like okay listen so how much let you
know what's gonna happen my hands stick
it up your butt crack up your booty
crack up your front crack and maybe just
forget surging that ever ride on me I
got some action that for a long time
that I was really cool everyone mr. fly
ball we made it we're here in Arizona
look at me doing leisurely things and we
already got the photo shoot out of the
way Oh photo shoots done I got some
cleavage pics you got them nice big
silhouette this on the background we
here we're ready to be leisure now also
tomorrow here tomorrow is Walking Dead
yes
I mean tomorrow it's gonna happen nice
had a really strong drink so there's
that now I think the Fuddruckers it is
22 minutes away we should not be going
but I'm going anyways the Rutgers mom as
FL beautiful oh yeah oh god dad yes just
me on the neck you hold my hand go
through my hair daddy you have come
through ho Oh God oh yeah spank me spank
me so you're going to think we're
exaggerating but humbly I just have the
best cookie and then tumble am i
exaggerating we're not good told you was
that bomb can you give a reenactment of
you in TV so we take you to pieces
cooking is looking at this cookie and
already expecting a freshly baked one
cookie good good this is why I was like
this is me the cookie was so good I
don't know why I wanted to slap myself
because it's not worth a brother cookie
I'm like what the best could come out of
a goddamn pike I'm not even in focus
I'm so full okay let's get some like
healthy food because we're gonna die
with you being junk you girls here for
three days why I need this many shoes I
don't know if you ever want to see
humbling I waste seventeen years of our
life asked us to pick a movie to watch
isn't right now you're what to see the
most indecisive people try to do this
it's gonna be really really sad you sure
the marching face anything or anything
doesn't highly incorrect please had a
whole conversation about this you fail
meet humble Sigma and you think example
the chocolates we just bought the store
then we would watch this that said that
sounded I don't know I'm spitting
popcorn store there's no microwave mmm
the chatters we're just the dumbest
movies ever
this is a good opportunity for me to
address the Queen I read it is hurry
open do it now shoutouts to you now disk
or NYC and she said I should take my
college loan money and pay Lily and
humble to let me follow them around
because I'm sure I could get better life
lessons and knowledge from them then I
could from my school let's not be okay
with being in debt from learning from
those to you not see the level of top
quality education you're receiving
today's lesson will be how to pick the
perfect pillow for three hours and
overthink your decision today also time
a lot of garnish your burgers a lot of
you guys may or may not know that Lily
worked at a fast food restaurant
well they did know Harvey's and so I not
a garnish your burger really well here's
a to life hack well you guys should
burger there's rules you gotta find
catches whatever nonsense where you want
the cheese has to be the bottom of the
patty cuz your condiments have to go
directly on the patty I go on the cheese
on the back Jesus be in the bottom
yeah at the top of the patty with the
ingredient lettuce has to go last why
this will let us first you catch up your
mustard your onion all simple topple off
those go directly on the patty lettuce
goes last
welcome to super NYC don't have to draw
by the school you go into debt to learn
these things just watch the blog
cuddling next to be the award for the
worst process in the world is this
goddamn screen I hate this screen well
you know type it Lilly Singh you use a W
in between you don't see that if
somebody just give us a Netflix password
I have my name right
bail bail bail so earlier he began to
mansplain to me how do you explain Dumbo
the term ends claim me that he's in
everything I think you should man maybe
start with boil of the story is he
mansplain me and so we had dinner the
remote and now she's struggling you
don't mentally and we're old people I'm
tired I need to go to bed and sleep much
last night I'm gonna go to bed I don't
know what the hell main points for today
because I'm gonna lose eight recent
pieces in bed and then I also ate
Fuddruckers and I flew here in a had a
Cosmo by the pool we go let's see how he
did today
I think would joining me on my date
today I know it's kind of like weird and
chill and what everybody yelled is what
it means I'm so excited to be here I'm
gonna gain so much inspiration I can
already tell and like I said I'm gonna
say it for the hundredth time I might
put the vlog camera down a little bit
just be present because it's events like
this that really motivated me to go back
home and like write dope scripts and do
video shoots and creating more art for
all of y'all so I'm really excited to
like meet some cool people and gain some
inspiration thanks for joining me
tomorrow good be productive again and we
do the damn thang Dylan just speak
countess Austin why don't you know what
I mean
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
oh yeah yeah
Oh
