girl superwoman and I'm privileged
enough to once again be with the famous
Arjun it is we're at the TSA for moon
he's come all the way from London yeah
and we're gonna go outside and check out
the vibe and stuff let's go do this over
so do it good and here we go it's 200
people
who is this guy whose guardian amazing
original Jin looks kinda dark
instead there's no
look fun new explainer
you can just go to look fine in okay
mushroom burgers anymore the time into
time
he's actually following here on the wall
I was in London which has four point
seven million kids
almost unknown I don't sound like myself
with lost my voice Arjun just smashed it
yet Robbie's much daily smoking with
stage initially like definitely so you
know even tumble girls started falling
off girls your saris were falling off
when arts true you were hard F
investment that's okay um and I had the
time committed yeah amazing time the
crowd was so fun we love you too I was
really really good um we positive I was
pleasantly surprised by how like you
know they're so like off having fun and
I buy the music it's amazing don't even
when our agent girl here trying you
brave soul every year I do great
childhood to - how is your stripper 20 /
yeah I'm not / - no - two more days
we're gonna be looking thank you yeah we
want me lobbying all day every day I
went to get Niagara Falls commercial max
which will may have a fall yes like
obviously I'm gonna show him everything
make the time trust this argent over
here though our June thanks we make it
Raja dream again
thanks hot to figure this city well
you're coming ambush in London as well
right
was it was experiencing persecution or
and I'm not doing more gigs I think it's
like it's less intense like you think
they cook the crowd you much saturated
yeah I think he's actually got Bob on
the best for some admin for sure I agree
out the same experience when I guess
celebrity so I can ask you what your
hair you said you had a haircut for four
days I gotta hang up he had a
after four days four days I have a house
I basically uh so I kind of echo once a
week and like I peaks and troughs in the
house like guys like up and down I
forgot to lose my 50 million fine yeah I
said am sword and then Here I am
that's what your psyche yeah I'll give
me that brother I'm gonna check your
single on ustream sorry I shot a few
times not to see on camera I was not
your button but like said no joke I'm
afraid camera out camera to be a bad
accident batygin oh my god it's an
undeniable pocket she's like quite funny
comedian
Regan accent this Maxim was terrible I
questions online about that time after
you see the haterade writing the HEI -
recently - if the pronounce or your what
like Archon you have one Arjun was
reduce equipment
hey hey you had it you had it back when
you go you came
captain I don't think especially okay
