sup so I'm sick I'm a heart FMS and so I
thought perfect time to make a vlog I
know what you guys every time I'm sick I
have to eat fast food I feel like fast
food helps me feel better like ice cream
or like something and this is like the
busiest weekend of my life so I actually
can't be sick I'm hosting TSA formal on
Friday I have a meeting in the morning
on Friday tomorrow I have to do my
absolute final scene of collabo 12 on
Saturday morning I'm driving to Niagara
Fornax then I'm staying there till
Sunday have to do two interviews there
and I'm just sounding like Superman
and stuff but I'm determined to feel
better I'm just chilling in my onesie
chilling in my room I think I've left my
room twice today to be attractive and I
ran out of Kleenex in my room so I'm
using this now that's my mom telling me
to clean my room when I'm sick I'm
determined to feel better especially for
you people on Friday the TSA formal for
you my Tamil friends I will not be sick
I will get better you know why because
if determination was a color it would be
the color of my eyes so I'm gonna eat
these orange I'm gonna eat these oranges
here all five of the oranges this is for
you for you and me you know when you're
sick and your body and shoulder and legs
just kill and like the most absurd
absurd things will make you feel better
like I personally feel if someone was to
take a baseball bat and then hit me
right here as hard as they could that I
would go better just saying joining my
white Newsies you can't see me buddy but
the thing about the onesie that's is too
long for my body and so when I'm like
sitting
stuff the toys will over roll my feet
because I'm not tall enough for the
onesie no I'm not tall enough for the
onesie I'm gonna show you now this is my
foot anyways as I eat these oranges I
thought what better way to eat the
oranges than to eat them to jenna
Marbles orange song I might must warn
you younger viewers that the song has
explicit content in it and she swears
that is not any way mean I swear so
before you write on a comment saying
superwoman I can't believe you swore how
could you do this to me I'm gonna go run
away once again it is not my song I'm
just peeling oranges to song so CTF oh
thanks and maybe I will dance to a remix
of the song yes
I'm gonna sleep now and watch Family
Channel and eat these five oranges well
four and a half oranges now I hope none
of you are sick I hope you're all very
healthy and I hope you have a great
night and I love you all very much and I
hope throughout the weekend all of you
who live in the Toronto area I get to
see you I love you very much
I'm gonna go here good
