what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman sorry I know I haven't done a
vlog I know I said I would do my first
vlog from my cozy little hotel room on
no it's messy and there's clothes there
but for the most part I've been a one
tip top my hotel room has been so spic
and span I haven't got housekeeping or
room keeping or room service whatever
the hell they call it even once
that's right mummy that's right it is
wait and what it's Saturday yes a
Saturday tomorrow is Sunday I'm tomorrow
I have a whole bunch of meetings with a
few people that I have to do I am so
tired today what I did was I had an
interview with Punjab radio and Southall
and I met up with a few fans there and
then I oh my god said all a blur I feel
like today was ten years long and then
oh yes I came and some fresh labia and
then I came back to my hotel got ready
went to the venue
um and hosted Capital Bhangra and it was
awesome like I can't stress how awesome
it was um I'm slowly starting to do a
bit of stand-up when I host event so you
know it's always nerve-racking but you
guys are always there for me so after
the event also overwhelmed at how many
people were there for the meet-and-greet
like and it was so awesome because even
some unti I like some parents were
coming out to me like we love your
videos and like the mugs hacky sack gap
thought that the whole public eye so
flattering thank you so much I means the
world to me um and even some really
small kids as well it was just so so so
overwhelming and heartwarming so thank
you so much um thus far my trip has been
absolutely phenomenal
everyone is so hospitable here and and
super super polite I may add just
totally impressed with the whole
experience I'm the organized organizers
and the committee of capital Bhangra
have just been awesome like no words can
explain just so so sweet
um I have to give a huge shout out with
me one second I'm gonna go grab it at
the competition I was so touched so the
organizers went on and they called me up
saying they have a surprise and I know
if you guys remember of my I think it
was a 9th club oh I did the comic book
won the person I clobbered with the
artist he was in the audience and so the
organizers called him up
and he gave this to me as a surprise
like just inquisitive illustration him
such such a sweetheart like okay and
then they gave this to me they like
printed it and it's like all like canvas
and proper and I was like wow I was so
touched so thank you so much for that
awesome and honestly you guys have been
so so awesome true I don't I can't think
of a word besides awesome
all the wonderful people I've met and to
be recognized on the streets of London
like across the world is just so amazing
I don't even I can't even fathom how
that guy just doesn't make sense
um but anyways tomorrow meeting with a
whole bunch of awesome people I don't
think I'm gonna sleep tomorrow night on
Sunday night and then just get on a
plane on Monday so I can sleep on the
plane or edit a video whatever but um
yeah it's been awesome
I have the committee's super funny here
the guys that are part of the committee
big shout out to all of you guys I'm I
have so much footage I have to show you
guys I'm gonna probably compile it on
the plane and then release it but I want
to even update on what I am doing and my
car Akali Albania right now because the
Nene monsters were here and he's a cool
to sleep in a they even got me he's good
good luck flowers and silica where do
you people exist like please come to
Toronto I don't understand I'm depressed
people in Toronto need to be nicer and
stuff people are so polite here I'm in
London I mean London I've got an
interview with BBC Asian Network um you
can check their website for that
interview on the new hall show I also
just did an interview with Punjab radio
and South Hall like I mentioned that
interview will be releasing on Tuesday
on the show called the real chaos with
Lady BND giraffe so check that out um
and yeah interview is everywhere
interviews here into this there and
Oh entropy was over here everywhere is
an interview I'm delusional because I'm
so tired
what's up K bye
