people are gonna think I'm crazy but
what's up hey guys I'm just chilling at
the airport right now by payphones you
know
swag and yeah I'm playing the waiting
game security was really fast it was
like 30 seconds now I'm waiting after
wait for two hours and I'm a little bit
nervous
not because of anything else just I
don't like planes I hate the landing and
taking off part
yeah I'm not down yeah I'm excited
though I'm excited to come and as you
can see this is what I look like when
I'm dead and I have no makeup on and
stuff yeah I think I'm gonna start like
a question and answer on Twitter now to
pass the time you know and yeah I show
you guys to clean it's you see it oh oh
I'm joking I'll be fine on seventh I'm
gonna put my headphones on by
bow-chicka-wow-wow
and whatever yeah so I'm leaving at 6:30
p.m. - ah no time I'll be arriving there
6:30 a.m. London Times of won't be a
little bit disoriented um and I think
I'm gonna do a vlog because that someone
mentioned this Airport can you be quiet
I'm trying to do a vlog so rude I think
I'm gonna do a vlog while on the plane
in the air I'm gonna try but no promises
depends who's next to me and you know I
don't want to sturb them but if I made a
vlog in the sky that would be awesome so
much I doing that for you like I said
I'm gonna post a whole bunch of random
vlogs where were three times a day hey I
might make 12 just sitting in the
airport here if vlogs were money I'd be
like 23 sitting on 23 mil I mean I think
someone's looking at me let's check I'm
when I'm gonna use the webcam as a
mirror
No okay we're good so on Twitter right
now like right now I'm gonna start
questioning and so you can ask me
anything I'll reply on Twitter for the
next little wee bit and yeah I'm excited
I'm excited to come meet all of you
awesome lending people I got my no
backpack on my camera and everything
already and I'm ready to go I hope this
good put on the plane and I've heard
awesome things about British Airways so
I hope it's awesome and I just want to
take this opportunity and when I get a
little sentimental just jail okay I want
to his opportunity to honestly thank all
of you guys because when I started this
whole YouTube thing like my name you
know I didn't really think I would get
anywhere I just really enjoyed doing and
I like making people laugh and smile and
I would never thought that I would have
reached the point to where I'm coming to
London now to host photo competition and
me all you want for people so I'm
totally totally grateful and I want to
say thank you because all things to guys
so someone's actually looking at me now
and I'm gonna go bye guys
right now hit me up on Twitter
