what everyone at your girl superwoman
sweatpants hair tied chillen wit no make
a bone that's when you'll do wah wah ok
so I'm late I'm sure a lot of other
youtubers that you know about this i'm
sure you know about this but I'm late
you know I'm they see that's how I roll
so this thing called king of the web
which I've seen people talking about all
the time I decided to give it a check or
it out so like check on it out and I'm
like f is really cool so I decided that
you know what I'm gonna run for one of
the thingies on this king of the web
thing you don't know what it is it's
basically where you can vote for people
and things that you think are awesome
online and then it's like a competition
thing so i'm not actually running for
king of the web but i am running for me
one second because i don't know how to
use this site ok i'm running for vlog
and film king now i see the word King
there and I'm like king so I'm hoping
hey if I've ever made you laugh if you
like my videos yadda yadda ya any of my
stuff I'm hoping you give me a boat you
can vote ten times a day ten times a day
ten times mom ten times damn plan and
the competition ends in 11 days at the
end of September the competition ends I
thought you know what my birthday
September 26 so it'd be a great birthday
present if you vote for me every day
every day 10 times how you gonna do is
click the link in the description um
there's a link in there you sign in via
facebook i believe and you can vote for
me so this what the website looks like
this is my campaign and you click here
to vote you can work 10 times a day like
i said you can also share this with your
twitter followers and your facebook
friends so that they can vote as well
and I'll usually ask to share my videos
but I thought maybe team super could
come together right now and give me a
birthday gift an early birthday and if
you could just please share this video
and say hey take sense that can just
vote for and I'm already late people
already started their campaigns a long
long time ago but I'm think you know why
my team is super and we're always late
but we always get the job done so I'm
hoping that you can vote for me and it
happens like every month i believe so i
think for the next little bit i'm gonna
keep doing this every month cuz you know
me I'm a social media whore so yeah
please vote for me on kik in the web and
tweeter body and Facebook body and
please please please please please share
this video p p sure you
yeah I love you losses my blog channel
make sure you subscribe and make sure
you were subscribe to my main channel
that's all jammin hope you like jamming
to we jump me what is my life bye
