whatever when it's a girl superwoman
look like death got run over by a train
okay so I found something super to
imagine like five year old kids
imitating jay-z Kanye Beyonce like a
whole bunch of other people I'd show you
this how effin cute and awesomesauce
I wouldn't eat that kid I want to eat
that kid because he's so cute show is
called crazy I say and it is on a
channel called awesomeness TV if you
want to laugh and be happy check out the
full thing you can click right here to
check it out make sure you subscribe and
stuff and tell them I sent you
because I find up people say that super
ones anthem then I get to eat the kid I
found it so cute because what it reminds
me of is when I was younger and I used
to listen to you know music from my
sister or my cousin some of these new
listen to music I used to have no idea
what it was about if you're the song you
can do it put your back into it I
legitimately thought that song was about
like lifting something heavy I was like
ah don't just put your back into it lift
with your legs
idiot but now I know good and well that
that song was about and then that got me
thinking
what do you think today's kids actually
think our music means so now I'm going
to try to revert back to like a six year
old and try to think about what I think
a song would mean no idea never took sex
and don't know anything okay never saw
Channing Tatum okay here we go
can you blow my whistle baby whistle
baby let me know clearly the song is
about a referee who's out of breath just
wants someone to help him do his job if
you think about it it's actually a
beautiful story intere that you've been
practicing clearly about a dance recital
something something
something reach the climax you know
someone's trying to climb Mount Everest
and they made it and I want holidays
answers there's Big Sean's a farmer he
needs more donkeys dip below
pick it up slow move it all around okay
let me demonstrate what the songs
actually about what the hell were you
thinking okay clearly this is an
alternative theme song um G and Scratchy
I mean he does beat that cat oh I
see no other explanation
I've got hoes I've got hoes in different
area codes so I'm thinking you know
Ludacris owns a franchise a chain if you
will of garden centers you know like a
Home Depot Rona Lowe's and he's got soil
you know he's got friggin rakes shovels
and he's got hoes across the world in
different area codes Oh got hoes I got
ho is this a holistic what's up I've got
hoes I got whoo
smack that all on the floor smack that
give me some more okay honestly it's a
poor kid is that a birthday party trying
to friggin break the pinata trying to
smack that get that all on the floor all
the candy just trying to live his life
man
okay so hmm
I got nothing so there you have it not
all songs have to be apt up maybe you're
after because you dirty and all you
think about is is peepees and booties
and this is my face for etc so yeah so
my blog channel make sure you rate
comment and subscribe make sure you
click Subscribe if you subscribe to my
main channel this is a different channel
so make sure you do it I just like girls
I talk like that I don't know why I'm
doing that
honestly like oh my god what is my life
about okay there's only ten seconds left
in the video and I'm gonna make weird
faces so um this time that I make a
weird face and click Subscribe be Thanks
