happy SlutWalk days good morning okay so
yesterday amber was like what you wear
into this slut walk girl cuz I'm gonna
need you to come through and I was like
listen I'm only and where's me I'm
comfortable in but like we got a little
bit cleave today it's gonna be a thing
I'm so excited
hey you know I love amber I'm so excited
about all the women that are gonna be
there with their signs about causes they
believe in here's the mission for today
Jude I'm gonna put somewhere right on my
hair and see how it works out topless
I'm gonna stick on most Amoroso slut
walk come on write a script record the
video go through my emails sleep under
knees in time because tomorrow I'm
flying to New York aside from all that
let's be present and enjoy all the
beautiful women and men that are gonna
come through today for the causes they
believe it I love woke humans leg up
said about it do with myself
Ranji big boy and Amber Rose and it's
gonna be just fun I'm president of red
stuff of matter which I never usually do
but I'm like I'm out here expressing
yourself being come to this awesome
we out here so we just got here the
carpets not open yet but can I just
direct your attention to Bay right over
here to beg oh that's why I saying all
these pictures you be cutting off my
head and shoes oh no hole Kyle take a
picture of you is gonna be like hello
mister picture me get to a real man that
sports real merger laughing girl of calm
girl over P control of consoles I can't
send a girl to school and look dope as
hell doing one or six hundred or six
under bus suppose boo but suppose
what a real man looks like right there
real man best labor now about to be the
supportive ever also walk my team me my
co-host like yeah we gonna have fun
you're the power to the damn thing let
me let awesome I change my shoes real
quick
you may recognize them from such things
insecure
what's up party but this comedian Raj
please follow me comedian are Ong
comedian are Oh Angie don't block your
blessing
hey what you wearing
Hey
oh yes comfortable ho
all right back home I need to write a
video recording video had a great time
at the slops I want to draw your
attention towards just picture boom like
I'm ready to just stand in front of me
so I can fill up on that booty real
quick and a 21-7 from the corner and I
was like when superwoman comes to just
steal yo girl I'm also trying to lie
down for just 2 seconds because this is
hurting but like this red stuff coming
off on everywhere let Elizabet period is
leaking from my brain essentially that
is not a - no - 30 minute nap toy okay
that was an hour and a half so let's get
it honestly Queen up going to sleep with
my hair and makeup done and not even
looking like it's doing the time is 9
p.m. just finished writing the script
for the video got a record busily gotta
record it and the glam which is why I'm
keeping this and then I'm gonna turn to
manage Ethan but and you did as parents
react my parents are reacting to
youtubers which has been a request for a
really long time so I literally been
watching YouTube videos for two hours
also but yo everyone's different and
cool alright so damn what's that oh
that's so hot we anklet I could be your
necklace that could be your bracelet
it'll be a girl of calm is where you can
go
this helps send girls to school so
simple it's endorsed by so many
celebrities lightweight if you smell
what The Rock is cooking are also
welcome empowering Toreno floors repeat
you con Rafiki me like you know over be
know Rafiki is cummings smoking Rafiki
check check check
Rafiki shake your body light at that
body line waistline butter
body - time to change into bottom G
hello
okay let us react to God with people
Lily's friends and go to super critical
people I am just kidding also you are
all very nice and smart people breaking
plates I don't understand hello cool guy
man jeez here now I returned video every
drop of something at my remember house
so we going to go for Drive okay bye
the time is 1:00 a.m. and I Walker bet
so badly but I can't why because I have
to pack why where am I going in four
hours I'm moving to the airport to go to
New York because I am going to be
participating in an event to launch
rupee coins next book which I'm so
honored to be a part of so read of my I
need to wash my hair pack and then
probably sleep for an hour let's do that
and also I can do this I can do this I
can do it
no complaints just took a shower go to
the points also clean the shower Wow
let's take a shower give me points now
that I do this blood clot ting right
here okay now I sound back oh good give
me the boy all right I'm leaving for the
airport in three hours I think we killed
it today so bad now productive but let's
see how we did
stop when yo when you watch this right
now zeros on main channel
my parents will be reacting to a few
youtubers make sure you never go to blog
channel st. you fam thank you for
joining me today what a wonderful
marvelous day slow walk and recording
videos of writing scripts and packing
and doing all the things the hassel
continues tomorrow because this is where
productivity lives and telling if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe God please hear my prayers
when I say I'm going to New York for one
day just be nice to me can you please
let north like New York know to be nice
to me don't please stop you know my
relationship with New York is not a good
relationship it's a relationship full of
sub tweets and jealousy and obligations
and all that trash we are not
relationship goals god please
