what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman oh when my hair is in a bun
because you know we have lower standards
on this channel this vlog is basically
just for me to talk crap and to tell you
um so I have a story I have a story the
story time with superwoman yeah okay so
our story
I go to massage therapy okay and um
because I have migraines
I have neck problems shoulder problems
all that stuff so good massage therapy
and I've heard of this before but I've
never tried it you know the whole glass
with fire thing that people do it's like
they take a glass bowl and put fiery
stuff in and they put your skin in your
skin like it's sucked into and supposed
to like relieve your muscles and make
you feel uh feel all good and stuff yeah
so the girls massaging me killing me as
for usually right and she's like oh why
you know try cupping I don't mean to be
racist but that's what she sounds like
she's Chinese and she's so cute she's
Asian but she's so cute I'm not I'm not
I'm not racist i problem but why you
know try cupping and I was like what it
what it's a cupping and I was like well
I don't sorry I don't go that way was
not that I mind but novalee she was like
oh this whole fire thing and then I'm
like oh karate kid I know what she's
talking with you and Jackie Chan does
I'm Jayden with hope
yeah so I'm not sure cuz I love to try
new things so I'm like what well what
does this link does it hurts like a
little bit her exact words were it I if
you like a fish kiss I'm like a what
fish kiss a what a fish kiss a fish kiss
I'm like why the hell would I know what
a fish kiss feels like like have I been
kissed by have you been kissed by a fish
is this just me is this the new thing I
don't know but I haven't been kissed by
someone okay sure
fish kiss basically um and so I'm not
sure I'm like one of the side other
decide if actually you'll have like a
few bruises for like a day or two a
month sounds good though I don't see why
not sounds cool
so she puts these glass thingies all
over me and I'm like looking like a
transformer and stuff this is my motion
I'm using to describe it I'm looking
like a transformer and stuff and it was
hurting a lot cuz it's doing like y'all
know a hickey is you know what a hickey
is okay so it was like my skin was going
into
Glasson but the glass things were like
this right so we was hurting a bit so
she put them all on and then shake okay
I'll be back in ten minutes I'm like
sure you gonna be back in how much even
ten I'm saying there for ten minutes
like right with these things our back so
she comes back finally I'm numb at this
point I'm just like twitch ingens does
is she takes them all off on my cool I
get home would you like to see the marks
on my back right now I'm a I must warn
you if you are sensitive to think that
are disgusting and you don't want to see
something that's gonna disturb you close
the video now
close the video now this is your chance
this your chance but if you want to see
something gory I hear your gap so I get
home and keep in mind I'm gonna show you
one which is right here okay
I have 15 of these all over my back okay
are you ready
I are you ready are you sure okay are
you ready oh my goodness what what is
that not the most disgusting just one
day two and there's 15 of these broke my
bras falling 50 bro I got home almost
died I was and I know what you're
thinking like it doesn't hurt at all
it feels like normal skin it's just
looks like someone to baseball's and
just whip them at me as hard as they
could sammy sosa way to do this pic to
make my friend horrendous and the thing
is I have a photo shoot tomorrow for a
fashion magazine where I'm supposed to
be all like strutting my stuff um yeah
I'll have some effed up version of
friggin like leprosy and then I have a
lady sing eat tomorrow and then I have a
barbeque at the beach on Saturday and
then on Sunday lady stinky I know it's
alright an engagement um I guess I'm
going turtlenecks to all of these events
because I looks I suppose mom's but are
you serious ah ah ah
