the weight up this little single on the
blob channel ones and twos keeping the
real DJ boombastic up in here you know
I've been working out been you know
shooting in the gym and all that stuff
that's why having been super woman's
videos been you know getting my grind on
as you can see him way sexier than I was
before and things I gotta let y'all know
that my sister be working mad hard on
her videos y'all need to subscribe rate
comment subscribe thumbs up all that
thing I just wanna let you know ladies
you know I'm single to sing Gil yeah I'm
single ender Singh Gill so highlight me
my digits for one six fo fo-fo six six
six
buh buh can I have your number can I
have your number
I got give a huge shout out on my
Brampton rec still Moulton people what's
up your tiger right here shouting you I
and forget you son yo keep agrees you
keep it easy I need Birdman why I'm
seeing beast son swag swag soldier boy
up in say hi mom aren't you proud of me
yeah so proud
what up straight forward reference
forward forward forward
I can't say that word forward step
forward
what up straight forward well what up
straight forward wet Wow up straight
forward rap over such a bad medicine oh
hi my parents room right now to harass
them as they watch a Bollywood movie
whoa Bollywood movie so we'll do an
off-camera interview with my parents
they're right over here and I guess
proud of me yeah mom I hear you and um
do you think I'm crazy
yes okay and I just made a video
imitating you guys what else is new yeah
and um see I love my parents
do you love me yeah so enthusiastic ro
mm-hmm you mommy
give me mummy jemima mission with you
June did you uh / malevolent okay
