I think I might be dead good morning the
time is very early it's 11:30 a.m. and I
had the weirdest happen experience last
night while I was sleeping during my
sleep my eyes were open and I kept
performing the Drake raps mr. day's
shooting I was like a shot good bad good
bad cuz I felt like someone was shooting
me and I was still doing the video my
brain cannot comprehend I was supposed
to sleep so I was up all night
and finally when I was like ok ok good
go to sleep it was 6:30 not to wake up
so literally I pulled an all-nighter
involuntarily cuz my brain couldn't
Vince me also shooting a video long
story short I can't tell you about
everything I'm sure do a collab with Tia
Mowry my sister from another mister then
we got really live a special music
edition and then look like the New York
for a thing that's happening apparently
on that flat amaz was a redhead but
we'll see what happens like a night
but the trash is this car all my god is
directed school bus because nobody look
mmm you know white pieces look at night
look at night
awesome crash alright that is wrap on
this secret shoot and now we are heading
to Tia Mowry to do another collaboration
oh I love me some tea up morning down to
galaxy engines are almost weird how much
you love is like and how much we look
alike look at the house I'm like I keep
saying this I don't mean to offend
Tamera but we are sisters I feel we like
have so much in common
wait what do we just do that oh you did
the what is this thing ok so when people
play The Clapper things I make weird
faces behind it Tina the baby I don't
like I thought how was the only weirdo
but not just angry about found out that
we love stranger things yeah and game
associated Game of Thrones party that
was just layin hell I adore her I'm
gonna do a fun thing okay it's so easy
I'm gonna just ask you really you know
it's not really no no at the speed round
I'm gonna ask you very easy question
gotta answer depends though they're so
easy watching like this up or down left
or right right food a salty salty harder
cold hot Oh our spirit okay what's your
least favorite thing literally nothing
Oh
I would never color pink Derrick Lezyne
thank you they were placing the world
you'd only name one Italy okay favorite
number seven so we're okay you just want
a brand new prize from being on my
gameshow of which there is no wrong
answers I am awarding you so you know I
do a lot of stuff with girl love you
know a lot about that female empowerment
yeah I really want to kind that's why I
love her all right that's no we don't
need a document if you have all the
reasons we love each other I got you my
brand-new so awesome see this is why I
love this woman I mean your girl power
and girl love it's just so refreshing
and so awesome and this is freaking
awesome Lilly you're really
one-of-a-kind and when you find somebody
that you know you just get along with
and that you just admire you hold on
tight so later are you changing
music-based am very excited because it
doesn't matter sure but Apple music and
it's gonna be all that music my favorite
song and Kyle's gonna be a guest on this
so this beautiful face right here you
can zoom in on that basically I'm so did
they do it so you what else is new you
already know that 12-plus coming up we
got a head start already shot one
primarily alright completely live give
me the points just we'll go from a now
cuz I was strapped dying and I'm all
packed and ready to go to New York
really super trip like 10 hours on cuz
you know me I'm like get me in and out
of this mother from place 8 that I have
come to conclusion and nothing is wrong
with New York every time already tell us
people like oh we love it
New York is wonderful it's me I just for
some reason don't have whatever is
required just arrived in New York but
make a quick trip in and out it's a
secret shoot that I don't think I can
share with you so many secrets I'm sorry
but y'all mean quality about the head
there so let's go
policy from the cards all struggle it's
a Brussels no not even close
no no by my eyes situation this next few
hours already hectic because you
sleeping on the plane as soon as I land
I'm saying take a shower and go straight
to the shoot it's my half asleep on the
plane as soon as it shoots and I went
straight to the airport rushing back to
LA try to make a full Ruby show in LA so
we're had to rush to New York to make it
for ufficio now I'm rushing back to LA
to see me show again
so thanks me I was gonna be chaotic as a
finish because I don't know what I'm and
this vlog
stay tuned
when you land it's still dark outside
but you're gonna head to work why
alright I'm gonna end the vlog here it
was the next day I think we did really
well today
I told humble ostrich a he's like that's
right doing a month I was like yeah this
day's crazy let's see how he did today
but it's awkward Lily can we be a heads
up right now this probably not gonna be
a Thursday video cuz there's just
there's no time there's not even a
little bit of time for me to even begin
to think about how that could happen
because of rioters here I'm flying back
home and by the time I land you go to
movies meant to be nighttime I'm sorry
in advance but we go snowboarding down
the galaxy and just two things
the kittens are indicating deejaying and
they're shooting lasers from their eyes
that's my
