what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman so it is really early I
didn't well this time in the am exists
to be honest but I'm adding to Martin
role in Rexdale I got to assemblies
there and then I'm heading to chink Uzi
but presently in Brampton go to some
guys there's four assemblies in total
I'm excited to meet all the superheroes
there
you've ever been upset for failing a
test or class tell you your ease awesome
in your own way and you really really
need to recognize that please make some
noise that a keeping happy pause this is
being grateful for what you have
everyone for coming here and giving us
my fourth Assembly of the day at
Chinguacousy with awesome reaction rate
and awesome time I love performing at
schools actually outside the door we're
not get any trouble from the teacher
