what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman and clearly I'm here in a
different setting in my friend's room Oh
what I mean oh what's it and I'm making
this video because I had to have to give
a shout out to my boy Gary st. line this
video is dedicated to you I know you
have your fight in Vancouver tomorrow
and I wanted to be there but
unfortunately I couldn't come and I want
to say I will be there in spirit
cheering you on I will be watching from
Toronto for all of you that don't know
it's gonna cop in at 10 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time here in Toronto make sure
you watch it I wish you but absolute you
know what I'm not even gonna say best of
luck
because I believe luck doesn't get you
anywhere hard work and dedication does
and you my friend have both of those so
I wish you all the best I know you're
gonna do awesome I'm sorry I couldn't be
there
good luck Gary make sure all you guys
support Gary st. line he's the MMA
featherweight champion right now he's
awesome he's a good friend of mine and
he's such a genuine just sweet real
person and I will be your personal
cheerleader here in the TDOT I hope you
can hear me all the way in Vancouver as
I go hey hey go Gary go go Gary go okay
and honestly no matter what happens
tomorrow Gary I have one thing to say to
you I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so
proud of you I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so
I'm so proud of you so make sure you hit
him up on Facebook and Twitter his links
are in the description right here
tweet item Facebook him and wish him the
best not good luck but all the best
because honestly guys if anyone deserves
it it's him he worked so hard his abs
are just yeah I love Gary nah we'll be
rooting for you
