in Toronto the time is 10:30 2 p.m. on
Tuesday and my flight is 6:30 p.m. on
Wednesday which is tomorrow but I'm
gonna let you in on a little secret I am
probably the worst Packer in the history
of Packer people because I literally
pull an all-nighter to pack no matter
where I go I went to Dubai and it took
me 17 hours to pack and I packed the
stupidest things I packed like 12 pairs
of jeans and my n64 believe it or not I
packed baking sheets detected the bag
I'm like what if what if I want to make
cookies I'm a hot mess
glass why don't you guys no I'm gonna do
a vlog very vlogs is it very often in
London you know sitting at my hotels
with sir you know obviously walking down
streets on them so so all I say supped
you guys make sure you follow this vlog
channel little screensaver you need to
not go off and so as I begin my all
night packing extravaganza I thought
there's no better time for me to do this
then right now so please enjoy
this has been a super what's up I'm so
excited um more so excited because it's
not like a family vacation you know it's
a strictly superwoman adventure so it's
me awesome we're meeting all you
wonderful people I'm gonna let you in on
a few things I'm gonna be doing there
let me just get to you on my laptop
swags I don't have many details for you
but I can kind of snow we're gonna let
you know what I'm doing when I get there
cuz people are all like yo where you
gonna be
and I he'll I'll meet you and I'm like
he'll I want to meet you too so what's
that so so I'm arriving on Thursday
um on Thursday I'm going to be in
central London having some media
interviews and I'm doing a female
empowerment talk at a university I don't
know what you want I will let you know
asap on Friday I have more interviews in
central London I'm also doing interviews
in South Hall so I'm in South Hall then
Friday evening I'm doing my capital
Bhangra mixer make sure you guys check
out capital bunker it's gonna be a
ballet ballet time Saturday I have more
interviews
huh here you're in my video right now
you're in my video right now say say
what's up tall Superman fans yo we be
number one you be that way I have more
interviews don't know exactly where
capital partner is happening that day
there's gonna meet and greet a capital
ponder as well with me on Sunday I'm
gonna be doing a whole bunch of personal
swags one more meet-and-greet you know
meeting up with some people being like
yeah what's up London love you say yeah
and then on Monday I'm going back to
Toronto so that's the itinerate right
now I know it's very vague and you're
very like had that told me not ping um
but as it gets more detailed I will be
tweeting about it and facebooking it and
most importantly I will be saying it on
this channel Daniel Dan'l right here so
subscribe to the button then stuff I'm a
rapper um and yeah I'm gonna have our
blackberry around there some will be
tweeting along the way and we're taking
like a nice blood lead logs and I'm
gonna be like what stop blokes and it I
love you and stuff so make sure you join
me on my adventure to London and I hate
planes so after I'm done crying
for however many hours I will see
Wanderers let me take a turn 1022 to 10
to ticketing
