hey whatever everyone it's your girl
superwoman in less than 24 hours I'm
gonna be I'm on a plane I'm on a plane
cuz I'm going to be hosting Capitol
Bhangra competition 2012 in London
England edit bro on that fishing chip
swag bro
and I wanna see you you you you you and
how can you if you want to meet me super
make sure our capital para WWE capital
beggar calm grab your tickets and hey
I'm gonna be making a whole bunch of
videos while I'm there you guess them
will be visiting different spots doing
interviews doing meet-and-greets hold my
hair what's up a whole lot of Serb and
they're all gonna be on this vlog
channel so if you want to follow my
adventures you know what to do subscribe
right there to my vlog channel to check
out my first vlog video in the London
series click right here right here right
here you see that see a box right there
just click it click it like I saw just
just kick the like I saw just just okay
just okay so if you want to find out
where I'm gonna be in London click the
video because my friend I'm going to
tell you London I'll be on my way to see
you in just a minute up 24 hours
see you soon blogs cheerio say well I'm
on a plane I'm gonna plane well I will
be on a plane on a plane or you that's
right i keeps it real British Airways
doing it right and it brought peace
