hell yeah hell yeah hell yeah
FN right FP right all right first of all
if you don't watch the finale of Wizards
of Waverly Place stop watching this
video right now because I'm about to
spoil that whole mofo right now what
absolutely not go mess what up Alex
Russo hey that's right my homie girl who
doesn't know I exist and it doesn't even
know what yeah you are the wizard
I am extremely content with the way the
episode went um yay
and yes I am 23 years old and I'm
talking about Wizards of Waverly Place
as if it was a real-life situation I
don't give enough I was watching the
episode and in the middle of it you know
got a bit corny but all made sense at
the end it I called a lot of alcohol
this is still a competition I know you
picky picky cats and I was right about
it but I didn't foresee the ending
Michael I'm very happy that both Justin
ass got to keep their powers Mac Scott's
rude but he's hot so doesn't matter
he'll be fine
I'll follow on Twitter cuz he is
actually damn fine uh one side no I
think Selena goes Mike Selena Gomez
acted amazingly and last episode like
every other episode I think she looked
damn fine
very very very happy with how things
played out and you don't want to work Oh
Justin deserve to win because he's so
you know he studies and he works hard
well no I disagree I think alex is
better and she applies in the situation
and she is good so that's my
justification Alex is good and even
though this show means nothing it's
totally fictional it's not even a
reality show it's nothing I am so proud
of you Alex Russo you my friend have
just made my life complete and a more
depressing note I am crushed that the
show is done I don't even know I'm
breathing and surviving right now um and
don't get twisted I'm not like
heartbroken because I'm a huge fan of
the show in fact like I probably haven't
seen all the episodes a mother could die
I heard Selena Gomez fan or anything I
think she's cool I support the Family
Channel I think they
lots of positive values and that they're
cool they give me some faith in humanity
still um but no I am devastated because
I feel like when all these shows get
discontinued my childhood is diminishing
before me it was like it's like the
first time the Power Rangers changed and
it wasn't like the basic Rangers I was
absolutely devastated and it's the same
thing these are my childhood shows that
I watch a kid not childhood but you know
okay
early 20s whatever my shows and when
they get discontinued I feel like I'm
being forced to grown up and I am NOT
down I want to say good luck to the cast
and crew you know you guys are awesome
so you know gomez you won't take over
the world I already know that and you
guys are awesome and you know tell me
what you guys thought of the finale in
the comments below and don't forget to
say what's up and so what my hair looks
like when I'm not doing a mainstream
video it's just it's just it's just like
it's just like that you know I mean it's
just I keep it like this yes see she's
very welcome to the vlog Channel
couldn't ask for a better ending but
still doesn't change the fact that I'm
dying it's okay I'm gonna go cry myself
to sleep now
it's been fun cheerio cuz everything is
not what it seems tintin tintin duty
