my life is ending do you know what
today's today today in one hour less
than one hour is the finale but finale
scene of all time of Wizards of Waverly
Place if you don't watch Wizards of
Waverly Place you just need to know your
role and stop acting cool because the
show is f an awesome game you don't know
what it's about so Mac yourself it is
about the Russo family they're a family
of wizards okay and Alex is the daughter
and they have Justin and then there's
max and Selena Gomez's Alex and I love
Selena Gomez I think she's awesome
okay and their wizard family and
basically they're all training for this
wizard competition because only one of
the kids can be a full wizard and now in
less than an hour I'm gonna I in my
lifetime I'm gonna witness the wizard
competition and see who wins it I
wouldn't be could call me what you all
but I love Family Channel and Wizards of
Waverly Place is my favorite show and
Selena Gomez is freaking awesome and
she's such a good actress and she acts
so well in this show and the show I
can't even I can't even say I am deeply
genuinely upset and hurt and in uh I
think I'm tearing up I'm so upset right
now that this show is ending for all of
you making fun of me I seen you all I
seen you all when you were dying and
crying about Harry Potter or Twilight
Zone like oh well this is my Harry
Potter
I demand I don't
oh I demand to know why this show is
ending
who thought this was okay Selena Selena
Gomez why why why is this happening to
be so I've decided to vlog before
watching it it's gonna come on in 50
minutes and then I will also vlog after
the episode that is assuming that life
continues after the show is done I
personally think that the show is gonna
end and then the world is just gonna
collapse into a black hole because what
is the meaning of a life family channel
stop doing this to me
posters Hannah Montana now this I am NOT
down okay and if you touch that So Raven
I swear to god swear to god I'll see you
guys in two hours with my vlog after
watching the show and mark my words if
Alex aka Selena Gomez does not win that
wizard competition I'm gonna be hella
pissed off don't call me crazy I'm not
crazy you're crazy you are crazy if you
do not think this is a huge break this
is the worst the worst news I've ever
