so remember remember I told you guys if
you watch my vlog channel you'll see me
go sub my guys gotta say what's up in
the comments below
hey creating traffic to the video what's
up everyone it's your girl superwoman
this is my third vlog as you can see I'm
very evidently showing off my new
headphones got my beats by dre in the
male's aesthetic and I must say I'm not
even saying this because like I know I
say ones like why you buy the headphones
because it's just the name and the
probably not any better granted you're
probably right
they probably you know dr. Dre just
probably went oh be twenty million
dollars having said that I think they're
a very very fashionable headphone and
I'm down I'm sorry call me materialistic
but I like pretty pink things okay God
um but actually I listen to them and
like I'm not gonna lie they're friggin
awesome like I'm listening to music like
I've never listened to music before and
they're really good man so I'm all
swagged out or at least you know why I
think I am I just came back from an
interview it was a fun interview it's
cool um it's but it was a bit more
difficult than most of my interviews
because I was actually put on the spot
like it usually my interviews I get
asked the same questions but this one I
was put on the spot and I was like but
it was fun it was cool I'm the reason
for this video particularly though is
that if you follow me on Twitter or
Facebook or Joe be good you know stuff
you'll know I get migraines quite often
and a lot of like what the hell I'll get
that check door what are your migraines
like I don't want you to think I'm a
crack head have no okay the reason I
have migraines is because yeah there is
a price to everything I've had neck
problems for like years years now and my
neck just kills sometimes because me a
migraine and then my I start hurting and
I feel like throwing up and it's a very
unpleasant situation
so I go to massage therapy now they are
little Asian women and Asian people are
awesome I'm just
I'm not I freaking love Asian people I
think they're good at everything but for
a small woman this woman pack some heat
her massages literally it's like oh my
god I'm knocked up give you an analogy
if this was my back and neck this would
be her massaging me at it like it's the
most painful thing in the world she
takes her elbow and she's a jet like she
just I'm talking like from the top rope
just by I'm just freaking I'm talking
super super painful I'm saying the most
sensitive areas of my neck is just
straight I'm saying like I know where
Thor's hammer landed like on my effing
back and so when I get a massage it
actually hurts more the next few days
and so I've had a migraine like for 24
hours now so my request to you is if you
ever see me in person I want you to hold
my hair yes hold my hair the weight of
my hair makes my neck hurt and makes my
head hurt and in general my hair makes
my head hurt so next time you see me
just be like hey what's up superwoman
was a team superwoman hey by the way and
I just hold it just like that just just
hold it so that for those couple of
minutes my neck can be at ease and you
can just stand with him take pictures
just like this I'll be like and you can
be holding my hair and I will be so
grateful to you so if you know someone
with long hair do them a favor and hold
their hair other than that I've decided
honestly I don't give a damn on this
long channel I'm gonna release a video
even so far I've been kind of like but
in order to release a video today I've
decided on this blog channel I'm gonna
release a video whenever I want so if
it's two times a day deal deal with it
okay because I have no friends just
getting know I'm okay please don't
forget to rate comment and subscribe if
you've noticed because I love you I'm
learning how to say the word subscribe I
never knew how to say it but I'm
learning um yeah so subscribe the
buttons right there I want this blog
channel to be you know bouncing and like
off the heezy fo sheezy you know so um
and let's have a sexy party here and
let's have like glittery fireballs of
amazingness I've had a long day okay
peace
