lowly's all in general good morning it
is so early I slept for four seconds
this is emotion would you fly to Toronto
go to rehearsal
see my nephew via lolly sonj let's go to
Toronto do you like sausage yeah what
kind what kind of sausage do like I like
doughnuts
dark meat dark meat or you like my
coffee I see players really blood I'd
eat that
did you know it's my happy birthday
yesterday
is your name wait aren't you aren't you
poposaurus
will I recognize you aren't you that boy
for supersaurus that's not you
what's your name your name what was that
what was it your name oh my god what's
your shirt say if we read it oh my god
you know what it says it says my name is
poposaurus
yeah by the way I just want to clarify
one thing I saw some comments and tweets
about this I know everyone's like oh you
want to see me even though I know you
don't really care for awards and stuff
and I think you talked about the voting
so to clarify the only voted win at the
streamys was creator of the year every
other award was not fan voted which is
probably why I won't because I told
y'all not to vote so the one I won was
not fan voted Wow now on to other things
whoa so cool what is it wonder toys-r-us
is shutting down because the whole store
is here when you have so much so like
let's go over here some more peanuts AI
wow you sure that all the shortage of
toys I think they might not have enough
toys
I get a cake because Tina's leaving
tomorrow I'm not gonna be here cutting
mat cake yeah you spelled my name right
thank you
well they spelled it right bye Tina I'm
in the old person sub with you well we
make this subfloor about three buses
every night all right I know thankfully
date tomorrow yeah
hi I made it to my hotel for one hour
being stuck in traffic now I'm just
disoriented cuz I fell asleep in the car
get out wait sleep tonight but yo not
too shabby also how cute we just take a
moment
big off yourself when the spoiling
continues thank you so much my two
favorite word's floor Heat
I'm asleep right there ready for her
soul a leg up about to hit rehearsal
it's stage we didn't do it you're right
some of Fiji's inspire good thing on the
microphone
sorry yeah hey get girl your nails are
more put together well goddamn like
goddamn only one of six in existence
right now by the way
Vicky combo pin plus Rafiki available
now girls calm fire freeze five pins
help son grocery school do it go round
up these holes become my room cuz I was
sweet because I work hard I want to come
by room attacks the most extra right now
watch this always this we out here
chocolate cake look work that nook work
that nut oh yeah we have a business
conference room business comfortable
library for library damn so we got in
this name some good old-fashioned
charades here and how this gonna work if
someone's gonna call out something that
we three that's at and become already
pretty hot are you ready you ready
always not been ready for a minute okay
let's do it yeah bitches Paris
first time
I've got five five loser
Big Daddy Coon close up on my selfie
face quick Bay
team super rosin oh sorry it's wrong
with oh sorry Dyke we can have right a
photo sorry once again I'm in a rush
where you probably just oh my god oh my
look a picture with you so wrong way
once again
oh sorry slot can you can you answer
your phone oh my god sir what I'm your
biggest fan
what are you doing in Toronto I am here
with Lily Lily oh my god Lily song oh my
god what are you doing here I'm your
biggest fan just live here
what's a weed a I've never even heard of
it you're on tour I didn't know that I
mean biggest bag when your team is the
best yo we had a productive day in
Toronto did rehearsal do the damn thing
let's see how we did
okay so I can't toilet talk cuz we turn
the lights in the washroom this fan goes
off it's like no we're not gonna do that
so lady thank you for joining us today
I'm gonna be saying this a lot over the
next few days just deal with it girl
love rafiki's are on sale right now
every sale helps girls and Kenyon's go
to school girl love comm is where you
can go and buy Rafiki and you can buy a
little pin all of it is just so
important to me and I'm so passionate
about it so please spread the word and
yeah tomorrow when you watch this we are
going to perform a tweet and a new
videos coming up and it's gonna be a
clad it's gonna be sick
so until then if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe
