sup Rockstar if you're watching this in
endorsement Happy New Year's welcome to
my very first vlog make sure you
subscribe to my new channel supermoon
vlogs the subscription button is right
here somewhere somewhere here make sure
you subscribe ok eggs so it's New Year's
what are your resolutions I'll tell you
a few of mine um I need to start waking
up early because right now I go to sleep
I like 7 a.m. and I wake up at like 4:00
p.m. yeah it's pretty effed up so I'm
gonna try adjusting my sleeping patterns
waking up earlier because apparently the
early bird catches the worm or so they
say I'm also gonna try eating right and
being healthier and working out because
really my love handles have just turned
into full fledge love bicycles so I
really need to get on that Beachbody
what up and as hard as I've worked in
2011 I've decided I'm gonna work ten
times harder this year with all aspects
of my life you know whether it's
applying to school going to work
especially YouTube you know I do see
great potential in this and I do love
doing it I really really enjoy doing the
stuff so I'm definitely gonna work 10
times harder um with respect to my music
music video comedy videos my vlogs just
all that shebang yeah what are some of
your resolutions you know the funny
thing about New Year's is and I do
myself we're all guilty of it we're
always like yo New Year's is gonna come
I'm gonna change this and I'm gonna do
this differently just just wait till
January first and my question is why do
we have to wait til January first
people are always like Oh starting
January 1st I'm gonna be happy
starting January 1st I'm not gonna be a
jerk anymore starting January 1st I'm
gonna eat my vegetables well why don't
you just start today so one thing I want
to say to you guys on this New Year's
Day I hope you have an awesome awesome
New Year's I really truly wish you the
most happiness the most George you and
your family I hope you're safe happy and
healthy most importantly always smiling
something I want to say to you is this
new year in 2012 but something bogs you
down and you feel upset or you know
something happens and you're you're high
just kind of gets lowered and you're
like oh great now I'm right back to my
old self and being upset where I was
last year I want to say that you don't
have to wait until New Year's or special
day to turn your life around
any day and every day should be treated
like new years every day is a new day
every moment is a new moment so if you
want to change anything about your life
do it now nothing is stopping you I
believe in you actually believe in you I
believe you can change anything you want
to change so if you're upset be happy
and trust me being happy is not
overrated I've been to I've been to the
bottom dumps of the and I've
transitioned into that and I'm telling
you it's awesome you can do it everyone
can do it so if you're upset for any
reason and you're waiting until 2012 to
be happy or until January 1st to be
happy you do not need a date to be happy
you can be happy every day of the year
um having said that though I know the
festivities of New Year's are so
exciting I was a gay happy new year
gonna party like it's 1999 um and that's
cool be happy and do that stuff
celebrate blow up some balloons hell
yeah never think you have to wait till a
day to be happy to change anything you
want to change cuz you can do it and
damn day you want son/daughter yo ass so
this is my vlog channel and on this
channel
honestly I the reason I created the
second channel is because yeah I want to
talk about just like random stuff and
because I don't really have any standard
on this channel to be honest the other
channel like there's certain things on
my okay
there's not funny enough I can't post
this or I have to edit this well to post
this here really is just a free-for-all
I can just talk and be like
and yeah that's it's all fair game
having said that I can also not post
videos of random crap you guys always
want me to post like hair tutorials or
makeup tutorials that actually makes me
laugh by the way because I don't know
how to do makeup but so anything you
guys want to see please feel free to
comment below or comment on the profile
the channel page and tell me what you
want to see on this channel and
everything is fair game everyday almost
everything keep it clean PG son daughter
welcome to my third home this channel
thank you so much for your love and
support inscribing
hi and yes i don't know how to say
subscribe I'm sorry I know I'm from
points that oh I just I have like a slur
I don't know just deal with that have a
very happy New Year to you and your
family I wish you all the best and we'll
go on this rollercoaster ride of 2012
together my dears what I'm not letting
you leave until you hit subscribe
subscribe do you subscribe to my other
channel just subscribe to this one you
don't just make my New Year's and I'm
pretty sure it'll make yours too my
shirt says the band is with me get it
you get it
and that's a wrap comment below with
your resolutions I'd love to hear them
also comment below what kind of videos
you'd like to see on this channel
ok thanks that's pretty much it not
happy happy ho ho and please please
remember if you're gonna be gettin hella
tipsy do not drink and drive there's
free public transportation well at least
there isn't Toronto I don't know what
the rest of you in the world but either
way do not drink and drive keep it safe
stay safe this this new year day and
yeah hey Mike do you like my bandana
