I've been keeping a secret from you
until you happy Sunday when you're
watching this Monday I always do that I
remember that it still weekend for me
but not for you because here in the
future yesterday was a pretty relaxing
day but today I have to get some work
done I can't just call Scott all day
long even though I want to because we
have excited week ahead of us here's the
mission team you know I guess Carver's
first bath and go to my inbox got a
practice for Edition one practice for
addition to write creative one right
creative to watch The Walking Dead a lot
of things to do balance of pleasure
balance of work let's make this Sunday
count cuz the hustle roll stop who's
here to help give you your first bet
uncle Tay exciting a big good boy you be
a good boy all right someone's a little
scare so warm okay what do you think
buddy what do you think and then you're
gonna like it would you'd be a clean boy
puppy at his first shower he was not a
fan
mommy is soaking wet right now well
let's see how he looks with his little
wet first
probably even smaller Wow Wow mom what
do you make me do these things well
alright this weekend has not been nearly
as productive as I wanted to be so for
the next two hours I'm sitting here and
doing an immense amount of work it's
been hard to Scarborough and my mom is
in awe stuff about two hours right now
we're gonna put in work before the
Walking Dead also while I'm working just
a flashback to yesterday I got some cool
gifts from nada and so does Garber and
we went to go check out Bailey's new
movie alright so we're gonna go watch
the new strangers movie because my girl
Bailey is in I'm actually going with
Bailey she's going with a bunch of
friends to the theater and she invited
us we're gonna watch a movie with her
that she's in I hope to kill someone
that'll be dope but look who little baby
met an teen idol and we got so many
gifts actually really good gift I'm
gonna get you do the honors are you
ready to see what gifts you got for your
mom okay dog trading Bible thank you
Reagan
I work hard so my dog can have a better
life accurate for Grandma for a grandma
so some treats cuz we're gonna train you
we ask you gonna change oh my god that's
right baby that's right boom chicks dig
me
it's true though that's not a lie that's
faculty boy it's not like it bones very
good cheese very good very own Brown for
you get a mini Kong very good and then
the star of the show because the weather
sucks oh oh look how good you look buddy
ok this was mostly for us you look so
good she has more friends and I walk
today when to the inbox give me the
point got work done I still have a lot
to do I sometimes I wish on days when I
was like if all of my work could just be
like logistical work that could all be
done and not be creative now let me
preface this I love being creative but
sometimes when you're to do this has
creative things like I can't control
that sometimes my brain will just like
no creative work is not happening today
so sometimes are just like oh like I
really want to be productive but I'm
kind of out writer's block right now I'm
gonna put it away for a second and watch
Walking Dead and I'm gonna do some more
work before I sleep isn't that right
baby boy isn't that right baby boy he's
in there right baby boy I'm mom how do
you think of Scarborough my mom nitori's
he doesn't like dogs I used to ask her
dog for many many years when I lived at
home so what do you think of Scarborough
he's great he's cute right yeah do you
love him yes you think he's cute huh he
is okay then that's right you just did
my mommy like Skaar bowed you I'm gonna
put you to sleep yeah I'm gonna see how
long you gonna keep up what do you mean
baby changes you to him so I'm not gonna
give you the details here because I
can't tell them I can't tell them this
but I've been keeping a secret from you
now and tell you I got a well you should
know you don't watch my vlogs I got a
role in something really yes that
audition I got a role for something for
I can't tell them but I'm gonna stop
recording and I'm gonna tell you you
know you're not gonna know my she's
gonna know me Yoh indeed it's been three
seconds usako instantly walked in opened
her hummus found chips and is in her
natural habitat this it's cuz you grab
the hummus and you don't even bother
walking to a different spot it was like
immediately any time is there any hummus
companies out there that would like to
sponsor anyone any hummus company number
one right here I will be forever
grateful she's like you want to pose
I'll go 12
the child seems super high coupon PP all
over the floor
I will never be on the PIA mater at the
pupal all over the floor and the mummy
rubbing my belly in that growl he's got
rust to mow this is an extreme play mode
or I'm sleepy for 10 hours Wow big growl
hell yeah
want to see what I do with every night I
know look at him
has to be on the bed always good I hear
you I hear you I hear you I hear you I
make this little barricade of pillows
for him here I know have to be with Mama
laughter be with Mama I know I did not
get the office space set up for tomorrow
which is a little annoying for me but
I've decided to give myself another week
to do so a lot of things are still
arriving a lot of things still got me
figured out so this little guys here as
well and he's a priority shortage okay I
am going to go over these auditions that
I need to go over do a few more emails
and then go to bed
it is 11:00 right now have to wake up at
5:30 to drop them off to the airport so
and they have to audition that's gonna
be a long day but thank you for joining
me this little guy needs to go to sleep
so let's see how we did here's to
forgiving myself for not being the most
productive and promising that I'll
change out and the week to come
we're in this together
you
