oh my god I miss you so much hello and
welcome back to Lilly Singh vlogs where
we hustle harder and productivity lives
here it is Sunday which is a juvenile
center but we got a little bit of work
to do first of all I'm so sorry for not
posting a vlog yesterday honestly I've
been so sleep-deprived yesterday I had a
shoot and I gave a lot of my team the
day off so it's just me and the shooter
and the sound person I was like running
around for that and then I had just a
bazillion things you're also sleep
deprived I was like I can't even imagine
holding a camera I'm super doesn't
understand I need a day off so I did
that but now we're here and everything
is amazing we have a productive day
before we get into that when you have to
shoot a thumbnail picture but then the
only top half of you will show so you're
trash trash trash trash as Bob I also
only curled these two sides of my hair
because I knew they'd be in the front
and back is trash yeah yeah that's such
an easy thing to do though if I need to
take a picture shoot a video everything
it's not in frame is trash dry and
crusty and everything in frame is like
I'm a well-put-together human being
here's the mission for today we got to
get the picture I got to write and
record a rant for tomorrow's video I got
to do some pop work for a few video
shoots I have coming up next week guy go
through my inbox other than that yo its
rejuvenation Sunday let's work but let's
also have some leisure time and let's be
present and grateful and it's gonna be a
wonderful day bye first breakfast going
down the escalator also we have two new
additions to the fridge from a recent
Universal trip this one and this one can
I just point your attention to you can
take the girl on a star but which can't
takes car out of the girl you know clean
salt to get all the cereal way I can I
have no dry who moves all of them have
to get over here get over here get over
here get over here get over here that's
not right sorry full oops subway eat
brunch that's it every time I walk by
this door this scares the crap - throw
that away I get a heart attack every
time just a thumbnail picture give me
the points also if you didn't already do
this today right now when your watch
action when you're watching this we one
day late cuz today when I'm recording
this is Dom's birthday so if you are
watch this right now you didn't William
say happy belated birthday his dog's
birthday also I have the stupidest
problem on my hands right now can I tell
you I have run out of dish soap and I
just told my team like yo just Amazon
it's no rush but is that Kyle
cos I keep going to cosmos and
forgetting to breathe I've been able to
watch my damn ditches why do you go to
Kyle's house to pick up dish soap admit
it
can we just take a moment at the extra
effort I finished writing my rent give
me the points I'm about to record it and
I put in that extra effort right now in
curling my ponytail a high ponytail
you're back thumbs up tomorrow when you
watch this right now video on the main
job that effort popping off just finish
my rent give me the points and now you
wanna come with me pick up some drugs
yes yeah I see some deer Rommel walk up
I'm gonna hold my gun just like this my
hide the gun okay you grab the goods do
not let him get away
do not let him get away good I want to
see I want to see what happened you got
the goods okay yo yo hold it hold it
you're gonna hear me all right he's up
there he's up there he's up fam all
right walk away slowly oh yeah oh yeah
oh don't be so mean yeah oh you're
losing dogs it's late it's les yeux we
just went through my whole ten bucks
give me the point and I've done two
loads of laundry give me the point
killing it on a Sunday get on my level I
can understand YouTube algorithms I can
understand how the nervous system works
like I understand biology I can
understand all that I could understand
some deep spiritual issue what I cannot
understand and how that happens
in the dryer Wow what is the science you
don't understand
I'm going to the movies to eat some pot
come on
my voice is cracked hmm what's happen I
didn't take you the cameras too big I'm
sorry the plans to bring on the camera
fully watched our battle of the sexes
and oh my god he's so damn good the girl
of girl power me just like come all the
way through Elmas stone is just
brilliant she's so goddamn good I'm just
looking at her like can I be you can I
be you also okay so I have to tell you
something I'm stressed
y'all know how I feel what jennifer
learns right so when you're watching
this today I'm going to an event she's
gonna be there I'm just gonna I'm gonna
play it cool but oh yeah what was it
with one movie will you just hunt was it
duh
starvation games and your big news when
you're watching this right now today is
super Monday so Monday right what time
is it no watch Monday I think I which
means a new video dropping on my main
channel which is my other channel not
this one here's a little sneak peek of
the video my views have been pretty
inconsistent recently any ideas on the
YouTube algorithm changed yeah videos 9
minutes or longer or more favorable now
ok so I make my videos longer wait no
never mind just changed to 14 minutes
oh wait wait it says the algorithm
changed okay it only favors new creators
now and essentially the best practice is
enticing titles in all capitals mm-hmm
oh never mind
it says they just did a survey audiences
now want a thing take titles and
thumbnails and the title is gonna be yet
but it's gonna be something along lies
the truth about being a youtuber because
being a youtuber today in 2017 is so
different from what I would used to be
back in 2010 when I started I thought to
be a really funny skit cuz people always
ask me about like how much I make yeah I
made a video similar a while ago but it
was like serious not comedy this is like
a comedic take I think a lot of other
youtubers are relate to so if people
watch that when I do super 60 let me
know that you're from the vlog fan so I
could show you some extra love during
super 60 so I had to hide the pinata
underneath the ping-pong table cuz I put
it here and I came home when I frame out
a heart attack I might a wrap with this
crap thing it scares the crap out of me
that needs to go in the garbage freakin
pinata stage giving me thrills and
chills
what a better referee
hey yo shoutouts to Cannon for sending
me a tenon one of these is the bomb
camera they sent it to me I've always
wanted a boy band thank you so so much
well what do we got here yeah what we
got here Zayn Malik not included damage
story something I noticed a pretty early
thing get some work
yeah she's a friggin die of heart eyes
not your only real people at my house no
more fake human beings up going I missed
you baby
Oh whole bag of popcorn at the movies
and others I'm officially my theme song
alright time to go to bed I'm kidding
I'm kidding I'm kidding
I'll save that for breakfast hey I'll
talk about points from my points let
somebody point through that today
Donna stop Lilly 3:20 a.m. I'm not gonna
fess up earlier get a head start on the
week isn't made Monday when you watch
this right now I'm feeling good about
this week we're gonna hustle gonna be
grateful me president we gonna kill the
mother effing game so if you down to be
part of that hookup subscribe because if
you liked it subscribe if you like and
subscribe also guys guys see yo don't
think I don't see all your tweets y'all
had a brave on hearing make it mad
accusations about a sh about as if we
knew there was Academy of long and when
you are just trash bags no much work I
did yesterday I tired I was at the damn
truth okay
oh you're talking trash
