make sure you watch the whole block is a
big announcement in it good morning
here's the mission for today's you get
my makeup done didn't hang to the
purpose of Wars because I'm being
honored for girl lab whoa I have a
reading gotta shoot a rant guy released
a video guide to super 69 tonight gotta
ruin my birthday possibly by getting
drunk in my hot tub that's my bat we're
late so let's go yes fears ending
photophone oh he had the purpose of
Wordsworth girl love is being honored
such an honor every time a girl ever is
recognized or something it's always like
super special to me because it was not a
funny video if not like a Klatte was
just like something I'm really really
passionate about and I think the world
needs to care about and so it's always
special to me so you know I step into
Ward let's do it
she's really amazing to be here today
and the company of all these incredible
people you know it's one thing to grow a
platform from scratch that's another
thing to use that platform to inspire
the courage live congratulations was
amazing because I am a crazy person a
lot of people who might be for helping
me with all of my visions I read or took
a moment to thank my audience because I
know there's so many things you can
watch online there's so many causes you
can support and the fact that they care
to support a cause well women's
empowerment is just like yes our
generation I have faith and hope thank
you if every girl in the world had the
chance to go to school the world would
be a significantly better place for
everyone
that is not my opinion that is the fact
very often I talk about girl people
think well what can you do
tell gender equality do you have to
donate a bunch of money or volunteer a
whole bunch of time or fly possible I
mean yes you could do that that'd be
great but if not I think one of the
things you have to remember is that it
is our job to just wake up and remember
that we won the lottery every single day
and we are so privileged and we have so
many privileges that other people do not
have so the thing you can do for free
every single day is care is care about
the people around the world that don't
have a voice and not our job we're on a
very important to you called humanity
and we're in it together I only did it I
didn't really prepare the speech just
was like I'm gonna go up there and speak
from the heart that's what I did is so
nice to be on four girl up like I said
so so dope did I did you like it I did
really good job good job it's very easy
to talk about things we can care about
things so deeply you don't need a script
you don't need that stuff just things to
go up there and say what I really
believe that's what's up just perform by
the way like like I mentioned the
beginning of the vlog I have an
announcement you probably know because
I've hinted at it so many times but I
hinted at it because I wanted to give
you all the heads up today when you
watch this right now it is my birthday
thank you in advance for all the wishes
that I know you're going to give me for
my birthday last year I did a Rafiki
campaign with we and this year I've
decided to do the same thing it is
version two of my girl of Rafik that I
design when I've been wearing it is
available right now at girl love.com it
will be available until october 11th
which is the run of my campaign and
october 11th is day of the girl so i
thought it was very fitting let me give
you a quick breakdown of how this
happened I went to Kenya and when I went
I had no intention of doing a second or
feekiee I truly did not I was like oh I
got my own merch coming out soon soon
and I don't have the mental capacity I
can't do and I got to Kenya and have to
understand that the first time I went to
Kenya I designed my girl of Rafiki like
two years ago but I have not since been
back to actually see the impact that
Vicki's have made and so as soon as I
landed I met communities that were
impacted and the girls that got to go to
school and just how grateful everyone
was like people had signs and girls
wrote me poems and I just saw firsthand
how important this work was and so
within 10 minutes of arriving I was like
dude I'm gonna F about my own merch and
I'm gonna F about what else I'm doing
like none of that is important is this
this is so important this work is so
important I don't care it needs to be
done again I don't care what else it
interferes with I've decided to do
another birthday campaign so here's the
deal
you can buy a girl up Rafiki the link is
in the description girl of calm but can
also buy a package with the Rafiki plus
a girl love pin combined package last
year we sent around 600 girls to school
I want to send even more girls to school
and raise even more money for these
wonderful wonderful kids so please
support me for my birthday I don't want
anything else except you supporting my
buyer and girl of Rafiki and pin and if
you can because you really don't have
money at least spread the word and let
people know I've been to the school I've
met the girls I went to kind of design
this myself at his goal square gold
beads it is dope it is a little bit
longer than the last Rafiki because I
know it's tight for a lot of guys so I
made a little bit longer this time I was
so involved in every step of the process
so this is all I remember things spread
the word what the girl ever figured the
campaign officially starts and now it's
starting now is real thing girl of RPGs
version 2.0 let's do it what we bout to
do home you know do a basic hall photo
shoot alright we don't take our photo
shoot well we look like three four
pictures this time you just like a
hundred two hundred two pink one Oh
Taylor bought me this Game of Thrones
Game by the way is month estimate you
should just know that my future failures
will be because of this game cuz I'll be
playing it all the time
oh yeah yeah just had a meeting give me
the points now I'm going to release my
video and do some super 60
but you are all y'all sassy people early
Oh disappeared after five minutes I do
it for the complete 60 minutes and just
cuz you don't see the comments only they
don't exactly just clean my closet give
me the points just wash the dish give me
the boy jump back you give me the point
means snap some of my birthday start
acting like you know I'm saying what we
got what we got working here others so
when I was younger we ever seen my
friends would always call each other at
12:00 but I feel like as social media
has like taken over the world people do
that less and less but my imagery still
always call me as well by two-channel
friends I mean chaser notion them due to
whether all of the country chases in
Europe and oh she's in Sri Lanka but
while somebody calls me at 12 which is
really sweet I was like oh like oh that
effort I appreciate that
on your friends birthdays honestly don't
just do social media texting call people
write back whatever used to call people
call people so sweet so sweet sniper
they hear yarn Ellie knows he's not that
big of a deal it's it is because I'm so
grateful to be alive but like I'm just
like happy every day you know just every
day
just so important you loving my life not
a maybe then also whipped cream all over
my floor in hair oh my god icing all
over me not oh oh look at this
Jesus Pete that and okay that you made I
just make this okay what's our edge
alone no pressure
we're already here seems worried about
that next one
I'm a birthday girl and there's still
purple eyeliner on me and I Forge my
face I'm gonna go to bed I know my team
is gonna ride more and make me pancakes
because they're wonderful in the best
thank you so much for all the birthday
wishes already you guys have been
wishing me for like last 24 hours
because of wherever you are in the world
already remember this I really
appreciate it maybe they'll feel so
special tomorrow nothing anything I'm
just sleeping yes and go to streamys and
lose two words not saying that to be
shallow saying that because there's a
fact and I want to preface this by
saying I don't care I was just telling
not I I just bothers me so much I'm you
get so upset if we don't win awards
because you're so cute but okay I love
you so so so much let's see how we do
today
Ocwen lady fun fact one of the videos I
recorded today I went back and watched
the entire thing is out of focus don't
get how cuz I double-check it a test
clip and check yours and focus and
somehow to go focus i'm just baiting if
it whenever we do it or not because if i
really do it means i have to do it i
birthday i'm not really down doing work
so my next video might be a little
unfocused in which case you're gonna
ignore it goodness videos completely in
focus but until then like I mentioned my
girl of my free keys are officially on
sale triple w girl commas where you can
get them and you get the payment let's
beat the record reset last year and said
so many girls at school cuz we're in it
together I will chat to you soon tell
them if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe what's going on in a
few hours on my main channel of videos
gonna release talking about the Rafiki
you're part of the vlog family so you
already you all know but when that main
channel video comes out please spread it
and share it and let people know about
the raphy campaign if you count by
Rafiki that's okay just spread the word
about the campaign please please please
please please pick these dayi
