oh yes I feel that I feel it I feel it I
feel like I feel like know I feel I feel
my period coming it's one of those
morning's where I'm like today is gonna
be the day where I feel like coming I'm
just like oh be your axle is everything
up believing good morning you are you in
the hustle cuz today my day is so
jam-packed public am I to do this or
like and of course weird Waldheim
rehearsal so are do they productivity is
only right here and my bottom here's the
 I am writing my first scrip for 12
clad that's right you stop Tobruk get on
my level if you're right around for
tomorrow or corn that ran for tomorrow
I'm shooting a collab today guy send
some bliss over to someone for another
clap I'm going to a premiere and then I
gotta watch a movie when I come home for
some research look a lot of things
almost stop chit-chatting uterus
cooperate let's do it I'm gonna do
something I've done in years but I'm
doing my own hair for tonight's premiere
and I'm going to straighten it so right
now it's a hot FMS everyone last time I
straighten my hair on myself for you
let's get it straight - Maureen done
whoo that's what's up - what oh so we've
got the bullet in here that's a bit of
big part of the campaign and wanted to
bring everyone together and we don't
mark specifically here we just are so
blown away and just for your generosity
your love your passion I can't believe
it we've got a pretty big announcement
for you here today and we just want to
say we love you we're so grateful
it was just a matter of weeks ago we
were under an acacia tree together and
the see how far we've all come and big
frocks to you but big props all as well
of course to your amazing team you guys
are amazing and so just to give them a
big hug for us - Alice Oh Dave take it
away you know what
why would I said we'd go ahead some
friends you could have talked about the
impact much better than I oh my god oh
my god
are you that because your new rupees
thousand skirt houses are going to
school
yes 20,000 we just hit the number
literally just hit the number and
thousand girls are now going to school
because a girl I knew when he was Europe
us standing by your rights at that time
thank you so much thank you all so proud
of you and they're all so grateful and
the girls are especially grateful and I
can't wait for you to come back to Kenya
to be the new set of girls that you've
been powered but what an amazing family
just one of the music thank you so much
Mark and the rest the team you guys
worked so hard like I can't express how
impressed I am that was impressed with
the first campaign but this campaign how
active you guys are on social like
helping people and troubleshooting
things you're just such a good partner
and I'm so so happy to work with you
again and equals ever Adele amazing job
and not even for a second was I not
anything less than just completely
grateful so thank you so much
today's kicks Rita or a bank shots look
good I've been doing a bunch of work now
I'm heading to do a collab with someone
and it's gonna be great because they're
gonna do my makeup for the event of
going to later it all makes sense here's
the vibes well you know what the parents
coming hold on BRP I'm in this amazing
place right now with this amazing puppy
and this amazing screen look at this
production quad off the free care of
this I'm climbing with I love situation
I am heading to a trip premiere and I
was like 9 is the perfect opportunity
for the club because I need to get my
glam done so two birds one stone so
about to beat my face I'm so excited I'm
thinking nude lip something that's you
know beautiful manis are you out here
you but to fix all this enhance all this
give me two eyebrows out here many oh
man I mean it's a situation see - wait
can you meet my boy your girl but can
you be my girlfriend yeah I would just
ever oh my god oh my god I'm absolutely
love you look like a point oh my
goodness oh you know your girl what
which is what you're saying oh you know
when man he just made it all good as I
can't express enough but I know last
time I stopped with many I went on this
whole rant again even when I first
walked in when you collab with people
like we've only met once or twice yeah
you have a little bit of like I'll have
to go and be on a much
that's why I like that's why I like
about ru Manny I truly do Sam quietly
yeah everyone knows today Abey Chirag
podcast chemo when you're watching this
yesterday with only option make sure you
check it out my podcast with Cassie and
it's amazing it's gone how to find your
superpower cuz ami
of it so I'm here at the premiere and
all these fans are so wonderful so so
sweet oh so this one well my legacy to
be high so I'm a carver first live
anticipate any fans being either no
wives congratulations I'm saying thank
you there's a cheering girl love like
that I love that I don't even care that
we cheered my name like new my YouTube
videos about attending girls and we're
fine
I have a question yeah when you mean
Demi Lovato yeah what are you gonna say
to her because that's what we were
talking about Kevin oh yeah
I'd even think about this as a collie
ossetic off do and be like Veronica okay
so we really funny I have never met her
yeah
Alicia Marie I've never met her but I've
got a parody about her and my parents of
reacted to her and I'm pretty sure
that's her right over there my parents
made fun of her and I've never even met
her do we got rights to use the song in
the background we're good five seconds
five seconds of background Plus pop in
and off I should you make a lot but I'm
sure you stop it the vibes very very
cool gets wrinkled very easily I gotta
stay for the whole event I had to live
halfway because that truly I have so
much stuff to do right now that I'm a
little bit stressed about it though the
responsible thing to do was to not watch
the whole film I will watch it later on
YouTube reading but I met Demi and she's
lovely gorgeous absolutely gorgeous by
the way but she also does awesome with
we charity so we had a chat about that
but I am going to trade you get to work
more the good thing is my faces beat so
if I record a rant right now let's call
me ladies
I just sent them voiceovers give me the
points and now I'm working on my rent
the time is 10:16 p.m. we're gonna be up
for a long damn time
oh right II just wrote the rent just
recorded the rent two point three points
now we go to anything right
Oh give me the boys also how long is my
hair you can really see is a straight in
but like oh crap that's long so get this
I'm working on a stripper now it's 1:00
a.m. after we can pet seven no big job
but I need to get a lot of stuff done
tonight and I don't have a choice and
it's fine
cuz I'm chilling I'm cool but the script
I'm writing right now believe or not is
for my first 12 clubs of Christmas
Christmas it's like over and I'm
 you on Friday
so oh my god the advance work panel
right back hey-oh just sent the script
give me the points it is 3:00 a.m.
tomorrow ever shoot another week about
seven four glam somewhere you have four
hours but I have to watch a movie I know
this sounds ridiculous why the athlete
at 3m do you have watch what I have to
watch a movie for something I'm doing
tomorrow if I don't watch the movie I
will be screwed so I want just move
along at 4:30 i'ma go to bed and just
tough at the f out so let's watch a
movie alright it is 3:30 a.m. I just got
the movie to work I'm about to watch it
I decided to end the vlog now and not
after movie cuz I've movie I'm gonna
fall asleep on my bad night trying to
get up and sit on the toilet room 9 that
trash y'all had a productive day well
that's been killed in everything my
to-do list
Demi Lovato bringing up me by Manny did
everything just let's see how we did
today
we together help send 1,000 more girls
to school in Kenya I got so emotional
when I saw my parents on the screen they
went to like surprise me this though we
charity people it was just ah I was so
emotional I had to hold back tears are
like what brought your crying shut up
that was really really lovely and
wonderful thank you once again happy
International Day of the girl girls be
proud of yourself
be yourselves I'm so proud to be
surrounded by such strong sisters like
did drop a cool thing of the girl video
on my vlog channel this one right now
you can check it out I'll put the link
to it in the description right there I'm
also going to drop a really cool buddy
all my socials today as well so stay
tuned for all that until then you know
hey if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe
here's the thing though right every day
should be International Day of the girl
from every day should be day of the girl
and when I say that and you're a guy you
feel offended don't be that doesn't mean
it's not your day as well but every day
should be a celebration of girls because
yo equality is what he's having girls
and boys on par let's make it happen
let's make it happen you requires let's
make it happen
