there are so many things happening yes
I'm sure
I'm doing the same shirt I wore two days
ago good morning good afternoon good
evening wherever you are you waked up a
day full of hustle I am even though my
day started a couple hours ago and so
many things of you wake up very early
have a styling Oh updating give me the
point I'm gonna go shoot a class with
someone really awesome that actually
never met some new friends after that
emails possibly now possibly more
styling surprising how stuff size small
of that I'm running late so we gotta go
oh it is there and I just it was a good
styling I was it was amazed with a
reason for we and for all the things
there's very good they're very nice this
doesn't look like it at all it's the
clown not at all huh so we're heading to
sclab but I'm sure we'll just say that
because this is photo shoot ahead after
I canceled I have like kind of a free
day and my kind of free day I mean I'm
gonna fill it up with other things that
have a problem so we just I just do
basic hall photo shoots impromptu on the
Reg you know just to have some bomb
pictures in case I need to drop that
tinder profile and you give a moment
right home right you write yesterday's
photo you see coach we tweeted that yes
okay okay Kyle yes do you think my booty
it's really the lump of cheese
well yeah sure absolutely yeah mom are
you gonna move to difficult with Molly
Molly is amazing she's a blanket when
she's sold just full of energy and so
good at this video I don't know if I
have this much energy right now you're
the one full of energy I need to get to
Europe and
I'm skittles always did a video on her
channel yeah too soon oh I know you love
that words food and we've had to guess
creators who a crater was just simply
based on their voice and it was really
really hard but Molly's also in Toronto
yeah Casey - right yeah we did this same
challenge in Casey nice dad's you can go
check that one out so you know what to
expect exhibits video xx's Gallup this
sleepy baby baby who was just fully
snoring both the video which I highly
appreciate Kazan so my team doesn't
swell but during video so it's really
cool oh what's your channels they can
check it out it's literally just money
Molly Burke mo lyb you are ke
youtube.com slash officials no quick
please when you just have the right
priority and I just I just goals look
what I got in the mail my sister from
another mister candy has her new makeup
line with Too Faced I got this giant
lollipop aslam makeup is how he dentist
oh my god candy queen of distribution
queen of creative packaging beat of my
heart candy does and I light up meaning
me is that appropriate I love the candy
hello and welcome to my beauty lifestyle
channel on today's episode I am going to
be beating the face of Kyle Koons my
thick daddy Koons Kyle is gonna get a
makeover
courtesy of me I'm not a makeup expert
but I'm gonna do the look I do every day
on Kyle which is gonna consist of a nice
winged liner a little bit of black in
your in your waterline some ice blush a
little mascara we'll deal with those
brows little bit it's gonna be great
you're right
oh my get to know thick daddy Koons so
when's the last time you wore makeup
never all right what are you most
excited about to find out what a
waterline is and what are you hoping to
achieve out of this makeover and really
like to get some confidence confidence
confidence is instilled through beauty's
and what color confidence isn't still
doing makeup and what color lip would
you like to be on yourself today other
options what are their options yeah
whatever you think is best you some vows
sure are you ready new brush for Kyle
just because my foundation colors not
gonna match his skin I'm got the palest
whitest just melted Casper the Friendly
Ghost in a bottle to put on Claudia
Koons
oh it's a twist haha just glamour I
don't know how to do makeup making this
up as I go along so all my methods are
gonna be wrong why didn't they have a
pump we got a half face the foundation
this nice foundation side doesn't these
right yeah I'm gonna show you the subtle
effects of makeup so now I don't know
how to do a shadow or nothing I'm just
going to do what I usually do okay
that's that's what's happening right now
four dollars per night okay I'm done no
expert but I think he looks thick as
hell and I wouldn't want anything that
goons would you like to see her view
yeah Oh Manny I'm coming for you I'm
coming for that channel oh this is a lot
that's a lot going on that's like just
basic that's anyway this is a lot to
know I mean is the foundations every
paler than your skin is a little paler
but you look bomb as hell like straight
ever highlight in the comments below
want somebody stick daddy right now
who's gonna be your first booty call
since you loaded up misako
what's a duffel bag supreme misako ho ho
does he not look banging he's beautiful
right all right good points there so if
you start any mother
when I went through it very productive
times I even a little bit based off now
Sara stylist is back to do more styling
and sleepy but we don't look who's back
you love me my gift you love me my gifts
but you get me thank you for presenting
we do anything at the pant and got this
very very seductive dress and the shirt
is suspended and then the sweater that
has a cut here that will show my tattoo
and these pants with Lane I'm gonna be a
style to work stuff to do what I'm
really tired okay like I said I want to
give myself a little bit of a chill out
of time because I'm real tired I've
relaxed ablow sleep so then we'll watch
little bit TV take a little break then
get back to work right now I'm gonna
chill out and if I'll sleep on the couch
- 5:30 a.m. let's see how we did today
and tomorrow we'll today I'm gonna watch
this I'm shooting a club again for some
awesome channel so many collab so many
people I love it we're get some work
done but I have another kind of show you
name so business and leisure combined
and going keep hustling tell them if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe also heads up the video I'm
releasing on Monday is very different
it's something I've never really done
before it's like an inspirational cool
concept kind of nervous about it cuz
it's not my usual comedy video I thought
I'd give you a heads up Monday's videos
gonna be a little different it's gonna
be let I really really like it though I
hope you like it
