today is going to be an exciting day
good morning good evening wherever you
are welcome back to Lilly Singh vlogs
where we hustle and productivity live is
here cuz we make every day count there's
24 hours and today 24 hours and
yesterday 20 hours and tomorrow we gonna
make them count son I'm so excited for
today you know what you know what you
know what one on my life I'm breathing
I'm healthy therefore I have a blessed
life let's take a moment these are a lot
of things that people don't have let's
appreciate them now that we appreciate
them tomorrow
go dua that shoe game for today yeah go
finish my car give me the points went
through my inbox as well give me the
points just had it don't mean you know
what love loves meeting I met someone
new at this meeting is that my house she
put me in my place I love when I meet
people and they're so knowledgeable but
what they do like these are all the
things you're doing wrong and he's all
the way you're gonna get better and they
put you in your place no BS I'm like oh
you don't want to be around yes men
right let's talk let's real quick you
don't want to be around people they like
yeah that sounds good if they don't
actually think it sounds good and you
want to be around people that are like
oh yeah you're doing a good job if
you're not actually doing a good goddamn
job you wanna be around people who
challenge you to be the best version of
yourself that what that meeting just was
so gimme the point now we're heading to
a shoot
oh hell mother effing no I don't know if
you can see this giant thing when i zoom
in all hail mother effin don't burn the
house down burn the house down
okay don't oh my god it's okay
I need to go to my car okay what if I
just climb to the passenger side hold on
that's the mission that's the mission
right there we can do it we can do it
let's go
that's why I'm talking about luck ever
alright
that's right I'm going to save you my
car okay except for when I come back
here and ice cream all over again
because you anyway how many great move
right into the shoe it's a girl of sure
because today when your watches right
now is day of the the first song I ever
slow dance to so we here on set asses
some wonderful women some wonderful
questions
the misako can use ask me a few
questions how many teeth are in an
alligator's mouth for what is the
temperature of the Sun my house how many
planets are there you know those facts
like things like provinces that means
dates it's like I know I know this but
do I know this is a ten eight nine
donate to me back in my day we had this
planet called Pluto in Indonesia
consciousness either like we don't owe
you not in you can't sit with us no more
on Wednesdays we wear pink zero okay you
mean F yourself doodle to be honest
pumps we can just point out that Masako
has the weakest heart ever anything that
we ask anyone like seven times a day was
like was like I'm gonna cry I'm gonna
and oh you a little girl could be like
believe in yourself doing amazing girls
of video and these girls are just small
team is crying
misako state finals but like I'm so
happy you're here me too and I'm so
happy to decide to agree to do this it's
my honor
don't be nervous you're doing such a
good job we can
so the first time ever I'm gonna leave
my team and the more of a shoot for
y'all to do this have nothing my face I
have nothing but faith in you
what a great shoot I don't usually leave
early from shoots but I also came away
because I had to my meeting but I'm
trying a better I like my team's got my
team is so smart you're so capable a
little bit of control freak but I want
to empower them as a little bit you guys
can do this I know you can do it so I'm
leaving awesome today when you watch is
like I said a if they're gonna have
wonderful news I'm so proud to announce
we have sold over 16,000 rafiki's the
day four days ago we've already reached
our goal thank you so much and the
numbers are growing it's still growing
it still grows but you're watching
today's the last days if you want your
Rafiki and your pin girl love commas
where to go but I am just over the moon
out what we accomplished together the
topple of last year I just can't get
over how supportive you are thank you so
so much so many girls I'm gonna be able
to go to school because of your support
so thank you now let's go
so I just picked up some groceries on
the way home and the cashier said to me
oh thank you mija and I was like oh my
god oh my Alex Russa only oh geez
understand just wash my hair do you meet
the points did a whole bunch of work
give me some points nice is such a
productive amazing day rafiki's I'm just
over the moon about where and who over
17,000 perfect is a thousand more in the
initial goal today when you're watching
this they are still available today is
Day of the girl are still available
until tonight so you still want when you
want help a circle even more girl love
commas where you can go I'm so just
happy this is such a happy day with
amazing women at the shoe and great
meetings and learning things and
rafiki's and does all the things I'm so
happy I'm so excited thank you so much
I'm gonna go to bed and just work
towards having another amazing day
tomorrow with you because I love you and
draw a magazine let's see how we did
today
don't know rabbi that's my stop while
y'all my team is putting so much work in
the past little bit i've overworked them
so much and there's still so patients
still so wonderful once you tweet
everyone on my team that you know that's
on my team show them some love because
they're so amazing and wonderful and
hardworking and deal with all my
nonsense of quick turnaround times and
they're just so so lovely as we're now
I'm gonna head to bed too high I'm going
to bed and we're gonna help you even
more people tomorrow because that's what
we should do every single day humanity
wear this together tell it if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
know as I mentioned today is Day of the
girl happy day of the girl to all of my
sisters around the world
I'm dropping some adult videos on my
socials maybe on my main channel maybe
on my vlog channel haven't decided yet
but please keep an eye out for those
videos today and show them some love
like I said my team works very very hard
of them and then and you know this
already had cause I'm super passionate
about so stay tuned and keep an eye out
