here's demo ripped clothes the more
ripped a piece of clothing is more
expensive this you're about to store
this three-piece suit yeah this is
$99.99 that ripped up piece of shirt
over there with threads everywhere looks
like it just got like clawed by a wolf
that right there that's $200 oh ha ha ha
it's gonna be an amazing day look at me
hair did makeup did everything let
here's a mission with lenses you don't
shoot a video with someone I've never
collaborated with or met before I gotta
make my thumbnail for today's video
release the video that's a super 60
gotta go through my inbox got a vise
grip I know what you're thinking you
said you got a write a script every day
but it's true I do have a write a script
almost every single day creativity on
demand keep those muscles going when you
really want to be good at something you
could keep doing cuz your brain is the
best muscle ever so if you want to be a
good writer write a lot if you want to
be a good musician do music musician a
lot put together my life on point
just goals absolutely did the mouthguard
challenge to be awesome I'll make sure
channels down below subscribe but I want
to have to give you something on camera
ok let's go over here to this part of my
house I have this campaign called girl
up and you're actually the first person
first creator to get this I just got
this so this is a pin the end of
gorgeous it's handmade by mothers in
Kenya
I'm going to put it on like right now
they're pretty and they're handing out
you're thinking yeah you think you're
sitting there you're like yo Lilly's
getting so much done cheating so
productive I'm sitting here on YouTube
I'm watching us don't worry as the
sluggers do watch a few more you know as
long as I'm you too can be productive
this is superwoman vlog is lazy loves a
Productivity lives and my neighbor my
neighbors like but you know this
proprietary lives F as long as on you
too can be as productive as you decide
to be so get to it and put in work we
out here work it baby work it show me
what you're working with you guys have
to see this kyle is trying to put away
the green screen and he can't do
when Kyle's tripping up a new dress
she'll wear nice it's so hard when Kyle
spitting knowingly he wants to do a
smurf
Wow yeah you wouldn't make that shape
Kyle the first time you touch girls
booty oh is that right does that feel
good oh yeah oh yeah it's very nice yeah
oh yeah those are firm you got it yeah
do you want to be on this team do you
want to showcase your skills no way to
close this damn green screen oh my oh
this house if I do this please this is
why all those diss tracks are doing
better than my channel this is why this
is why right here this is why I do
better okay isn't why I have you okay
why you know brand deals oh come on now
green screens are money into my bank
account come on okay baby fine once I
would like to see you do it in a
one-time wonder kicks for today my booty
look today look
you're gonna try your first green juice
right now excited when you lie I just
pushed you to work
I didn't tell them they could use my
life story in a nice
ether ice cream very very interesting is
that I still do it do it when Isis law
so prayer is a fire close by and Anaheim
and that's why the sky is doing this
thing I could not tell with my naked eye
because I don't have a California but
they're saying yes nice to see that but
just like oh now I see it yeah okay
you're home drop you off get in Lille
well we don't we cycling only oh yes I
meant the dirtiest compost videos any
videos not just any Monday it is being
with you we're gonna change lives maybe
people like we are changing the universe
with this let's do it
super 60 starting right now if you're
brand new when you love what the MPS
toolbar 60 super 60s for the first 60
minutes of my new video releases I
respond to youtube comment so tell your
mom how your dad likes it
I mean what me draft tell your uncle
okay tell your ex tell your current
girlfriend or boyfriend tell the person
that they're there potentially cheating
on you with this got real dark I'm sorry
yo what stop and just for a beast of an
email like such a good email about a
shoe or due tomorrow give me the points
now I have a massage plan at 9 p.m. and
after that I'm gonna go to bed pretty
soon cuz I got very little sleep last
night and I put in some work today
maybe I'll sing just makeup off get him
myself sole that was amazing also it's
all downhill from here it's all downhill
from here I just had a great massage it
was so that's my team you not even ask
my team booking massage of course they
just like hey we booked a massage they
think you deserve I was like past team
burn I gotta do a few emails with your
tassel BRB don't even appoint sense him
he was now I'm gonna go to bed whenever
laugh and watch the episode on NEFAs go
to sleep it's like 10:30 right now imma
get some Z rewind I'm gonna catch some
Z's I don't care if that sounds weird
Canadian for life let's see how we did
today
don't everyone loves my new video what
is even happening here thank you so much
I know I've been doing YouTube for a lot
of years I appreciate that
even after all these years they'll show
up to my videos I mean the world to me
because that is my main random buddy you
know we out here cooking and working is
YouTube gaming is so anyways I should
stop making myself even more single than
I currently am yo tomorrow the hustle
continues productivity lives here if you
want a hustle go ahead and click
Subscribe because that's when other
words if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
in United Oh yo today I just dropped the
first picture for my photo shoot with
Brandon on my Instagram gonna follow me
yet I super when I I words I these
pictures I lady so good you just seem
like a 1 or 2 there's like 3040 edited
pictures brace yourselves you ain't
ready all this
