god damnit is a brown-skinned person I
could never be on time good morning so
goddamn hard we were day just like you
because your thing in your life I have
no idea I'm goddamn late here's a
fishery today you have a call in the
morning did it give me the point I'm
heading over to Alex Lawrence also shoot
two videos they're coming to my house to
shoot a clap for my channel after that I
got drinks with my agent after that I
gotta write some scripts and blend some
emails it's gonna be a hectic day sigh
from all of that yo we're talking about
my tired my head doesn't hurt we hustle
relentlessly let's go take my makeup in
the car give me the points also arrive
with breakfast of champions right here
come on come on you look like really
stylish thank you aren't you always
established though nothing it's also if
you're watching this I wish I had to
match my girlfriend oh snacky trained
and well girls as well literally if I
ate this my entire face used to be
twitching you know you're at Lauren's
house when done Derby notice but
everything upset floor and stuff
everything name anything like comment
below and name anything oh my lord I
think folks before she gets so hungry
all the time but not like a normal
person like Lord will just start passing
out guys I can't I know it down God just
keeps emergency granola bars in her like
I need that laugh it's very good
hilarious and then there's Alex who's
just farting the whole time I think it
might be secretly lactose intolerant
nobody believes me cuz you're so gassy
no one should ever be that gas I
recently found out that you're not
supposed to have that area 50% of the
time so it's great see you guys I love
that go right at home you're a Lauren's
place by the ways gold
Macaulay's go go go go go go go go go go
Oh even gold goes goes and she
orchestrated this beautiful table to do
a DIY challenge which by the way I only
know what washi tape is because of
Lauren and because the parody made which
by the way everyone's are coming for
your sister that you shot something
stupid it's my only son only friend and
I ran the video by her I'm allowed to
make fun of her like you probably served
hell abuse my video is getting
inspiration yeah she orchestrated this
surprise I don't know what it is yet but
we'll do some DIY thing and there's
something surprise under this oh so much
effort
oh my god this is why I adore great Oh
Lord and Alex aren't killing it
they're killing this club you know when
you write something and people execute
it so damn well I just want to write ten
more scripts for them right now they're
fine I'm sorry if it's like too long or
like you I like it's great script great
script until you like it you like it do
you like it you like it you like it yeah
yeah yeah yo Pratt Spain France can brag
snap chilling the game three videos done
today give me the points knock I've got
some script writing them another shoot
tomorrow a lot of collabs recently - I'm
flapping with someone I'll say when
you're watching that someone that I have
also never climbed with three people
I've never club with on my channel so
stay tuned 40-minute nap - the shower
I'm awake again I was springtime before
but now some jokes when I get all right
Bojack horseman leggo time for bed you
know sometimes I feel like it's 3:00
right now after week about like nine
something that's not that little sleep
is like six hours sleep but I need like
ten hours of sleep is human I always get
less sleep than what I want then I
remind myself because I always have the
excuse of oh there's not enough hours in
the day not have as many hours in the
day as Beyonce knocks you sit more
efficiency is what I need to do I've
never been I'm so glad I'm tired
honestly today also another weird thing
my hair feels so long today
I like really want to cut it and get
layers it's just for so long anyways
inside the point that's the alley did
today
I hope accomplished a whole bunch of
thing I know I keep covering the mic on
this damn camera you complain about the
sound I'm trying to forego words I don't
wanna make it where I don't know I don't
know where it is anyways tomorrow we're
shooting another video we have meetings
we have calls we have everything
tomorrow's gonna be super long they were
to watch this today fail mornings
together cuckoo cuckoo if you like and
subscribe if you like it subscribe you
know I talked about this on Twitter mama
said here some of you sassy team super
members you're like oh my god your
Twitter banner and your icon don't match
anymore I'm like to be on Twitter
matching my banner to my icon you're
hustling says I got half of that to make
alright it should look cute I'm making
my bucket list look cute though Oh
