today's one of those days where I just
want my hair to feel wild good morning
Tina old I represent went up jersey
reference I'm feeling hype today even
though I woke up with a bit of a
headache I've come to conclusion that I
have a headache almost every day
why pillows are not firm enough pillows
fault
we gotta have call number one call
number to have a meeting about secret
stuff preferably live doula life who
gonna do me live okay we're not waiting
script for tomorrow's shoot that's what
we gotta do today we got to be
productive you know why cuz the hustle
don't stop we are gonna kill the game
today you're a sleazy breast
done call one give me the point this is
called to give me the points off to a
great start
just go good meeting good meeting
meeting I tell you everything a meeting
was about this is about a secret thing I
can finally tell you about it's about
tsun tsun tsun tsun tsun tsun tsun tsun
tsun alright so I'm deciding with no
makeup just eyebrows filled in type of
Billy laughs gonna happen cuz my head
field is gonna explode hurts so much
let's all gonna stretch it out we're
gonna do the thing how some stories it's
gonna be live robot Zulily live praying
to the Wi-Fi in the live stream guys
everything goes when I got my son
excellent I thought they were my snacks
my friggin Smeagol over here it's
bringing eating them all you're still
just going this is a screen to my trash
bag
are you ain't great oh my god it's going
great
Boyka get other frames on more important
here Oh
give me a sexy space baby come on Oh
daddy don't be so mean that is a wrap on
Lilly laughs give me the points I told
some stories I want to just show you one
part of the stream in case you missed it
Wow some bus fighters now I was like
nobody tweet me no spider and kind of
showed me a laptop I'm someone who
showed me a spider this is my reaction
throw to it yeah
trash you ban you block trash bat I love
you obviously abandon block well why do
you play with my heart now it's time to
super six because we just released a
video going to the point and now we're
gonna super sixty which means I'm gonna
be respond to your comments for the next
sixty meaning it because that's the
drill all right something so exciting
we're adding an element to my garage
turning into a bull flag studio with
some paper rolls let's keep it rolling
rope rope rope yeah do it again do the
it clown run do it we're gonna take
these rolls of paper this one over here
and all the rolls make this do your
thing and put them on the wall over here
we have a professional because we don't
want to break down the house right now
because we're missing a paper roll and
this is on the wrong way so 300 per
question oh my god so much rationale
what good fan the time is 7:30 p.m. I'm
just kidding at 7:00 break my glasses I
don't like it those boos Ito's oh please
I know I don't break know but know how
to sound provide some scripts because
I'm shooting a collab again tomorrow
I could tell you what's with yet
although when you're watching this right
now you might know because of social
media during the future right now I'm
currently in the past do time science
planets travel astronauts on the moon
moon but but morning people wait we're
going with this right it's time to write
some scripts with a script writing
station we've arrived
who went to my house
I am just a Canadian from Toronto that
is something I will never get used to
well the experience 3 this is the first
one this house I've experienced I was a
clearly typing I was like I was like so
because I hit my house I was like
shaking and it lasted like a seed like
you turn it up like sweaty I'm legit
sweaty now I have to pose for a
thumbnail to make a thumbnail to make
this moment count ok let's do it I mean
listen I ain't hurting anybody content
is content ok and then when you see the
thumbnail you wonder how my hair was
open and I was posed and all that acting
skills these company with my acting
skills were thumbnail for real that was
scary the earth beneath you moves like
coming from tomorrow we do not expect I
mean sure we experienced ice storms
maybe snow storms you know maybe just
everything frozen over but earthquakes
not about that life
I've been waiting for this moment you
have all prepared me so well for this
moment I have the perfect statement
after the earthquake I ready
I am shook it I am quaking everything is
canceled - oh the time is 1244 amps
script sent email sent everything sent
everything did done diddly done done
done I'm Flanders neighbor Reno and now
I got a little bit of time I just wake
up a little early tomorrow I'm gonna
watch a little bit of Netflix why cuz I
just wipe it actually you know what
first let me take out the garbage and do
these dishes mmm even cleaned the
compost bin gribbit points I need to fix
this - scratch that I'm so annoyed I
can't fix it I have a screw that fits
that mission for tomorrow though for now
we fail damn we are killing the game
today so many goddamn points and almost
everything on my to-do list and son know
what's up we out here Bob channel
hustling harder all day every day that's
what life's about making every day town
did you make today count if you didn't
it's not too late and if it's the end of
day then y'all wake up tomorrow with
renewed purpose because every 24-hour
gotta count even the ones were you
sleeping
make it count let's see how we did today
early life even though I have no guests
I appreciate that it's 60 minutes with
me talking about my life stories new
South to that you enjoyed when you
engaged I appreciate you you small you
know you expect that you know I'm saying
thank you so much for showing out of
love with a new video as well with many
if you haven't checked it out yet it
will be in the end card in the
description of this stuff you know you
know all this stuff tomorrow will show
you another video we got some meetings
we got the calls we got got Maggie she's
my man is popping off so until tomorrow
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe and yo if you like it
subscribe packed end the vlog is now
have to go pop this pimple you might not
see it but you don't wanna get pimples
around your lips you ones forming right
there I'm gonna try to snap it before
even comes up pimples around your lip
quite possibly the most painful thing in
the world they should be illegal
they should not exist my hair is falling
out 3 2 1
you're done No
