happy Friday or I guess when you're
watching this happy Saturday it is the
weekend which means we get to rejuvenate
for the week to come ahead and still
hustle hard but we can do a little bit
of both a little bit of both today still
Friday you're in the future so we're
talking about different things we know
we're gonna have a very productive day
today here's the mission I'm headed to a
meeting they have a shoot obviously
gotta go to my emails gotta send some
more credits for 12 clubs have a write
off script for tomorrow shoot and most
importantly I did my nails yesterday by
myself and the goal is to not chip every
single one of them like I usually do
that's Koken ad and tuxedo vibes and
he's the kick for today just the person
who craved this parking lot amount of
stress I'm feeling I'll go to this
meeting when I come back popping around
about something by meeting went great
not gonna line I have a great morning I
hate having meetings and lots just the
amount I get lost and how frustrating is
because no one wants to help you and how
when you park the first five levels are
all reserved now I told myself I'm not
gonna go on a rant and complain about
all the things I dislike we're still
living a blessed and grateful life and I
don't want to invite more negative
energy into my legs going for the next
20 minutes listen just the music ride
home and put myself in a peaceful place
why because ranting although make feel
good it's sometimes not necessary I'm
not gonna do it I could for like ten
minutes right I'm not gonna do this is a
choice here we go I come back home and
here's my realization how to realization
just now is that on the whole way to the
meeting and for a couple minutes after I
was in such a bad mood and so like I
noticed people weren't letting me in
people weren't saying please and thank
you I was getting lost one was helping
me and it occurred to me it is because I
am putting that energy into the
atmosphere on the drive home as soon as
I was like let me wave to this person
let me smile I mean suddenly the
universe start to return that back to me
which is my way of saying even when it's
really hard I have a really bad day
you're really annoyed the type of energy
you put out is what you will get in
return so try your best just take a deep
breath and be like no today I will not
let you bring out the negative in me
positive such a bad morning when I was
maybe dance again which he does because
he wants to boost his self-esteem
dancing excavator yeah we need to use my
channel so I figure just bring in some
that gets it thanks Lily
I really like
what yeah I know her hot he's friggin
hot yeah
John you wanna talk about what just
happened in the previous theme we did a
slap scene just a normal slap scene
right Lilly just slap my booty Lilly
just scolded me so I handed thread she
was slapping me I messed up and she kept
slapping my butt because I got in
trouble and I didn't like it at all the
first thing comes your mind okay
particles cold laughter right right up
or down
salty sweet she's brown aw crap her
heart everyone home finish the video for
a Dom's Channel is really really funny
you so friggin smart where I'm like how
the hell do you write the stuff it just
blows me away
real talk with all of you I can't
explain why it's like literally sitting
here for like 20 minutes talking so
tr√°fico why I've had a very weird day
like I had a rough morning you already
know this I had all this negativity
going on but even today I'm like sitting
here like I think I'm having like a low
self esteem day which is fine because
we're all allowed to feel like that but
I just felt like beating myself up all
day about like the freakin pimples on my
face and how my makeup keep smudging it
just like I felt so crappy all day and
not like proud of myself and I don't
know why and I was like sitting here
like shut up
I love yourself I guess it's okay people
have days like that I don't know why I
guess why I'm communicating this to use
like it's okay I think all of us have
days of low self-esteem even superwoman
even the Unicorn is always happy I'm
like sitting here being like I feel
sucky and I don't know why I'm gonna try
to figure it out what's up good news is
from the last clip we've sold over
13,000 rafiki's which is so close to the
goal of sixteen thousand when you watch
this it's the seventh which means
there's four more days left in the
campaign we have four more days to sell
3,000 more figis and I think we can do
it thank you so much for all your
support the DA ah f everything else
about today the fact that we're helping
some girl to school in Kenya
that's everything else is irrelevant
compared to that I'm going to not do
work right now I'm gonna give myself a
break I'm gonna go to bed I'm gonna
watch some TV oh my child I felt kind of
what myself yo let's see how we did
today also before we do that
my nail polish give me the points now
let's see how we did today that we've
got an excuse to make points for myself
that's to godiscover
today a weird F and day but that's okay
because every day happy uphill and every
day can't be completely happy that's
what makes life so exciting and so worth
living different emotions different days
I'm gonna have to bedroom I'm going to
wake up with a new smile and new
appreciation for life not that I didn't
have that today but something in here is
a little off it yeah until tomorrow if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe doing random thought sometimes
and I'm not just saying this because it
sounds that sometimes I really wish I
could show with it all you know
sometimes when I'm feeling a little bit
lonely and I'm sitting and I'm just like
I wish like team super was here like I
just wish I could hang out with y'all
y'all seem really cool just thought I
should let you know that
