I'm so excited yesterday's vlog was our
first vlog why you asked this one why
because we landed and we're like you're
probably gonna go home you know go to
sleep just land it's 11 p.m.
tell me how we came home got ready went
to a party came home at 6:00 a.m. we
went I'm a cardi B last night here's a
picture it was actually met her before
as the second time Russo dope her
Marshall are performing Oh at that time
gave the team a little taste of what's
to come
here's the mission for today you got a
release video do super 60 go through my
inbox start memorizing a script I have
an audition as soon as I land back in LA
go to effect party all night long can we
talk about this view though last night
what do you think did you like it it was
a good time was it time with car you
know I can't finish silly
Taylor experiences first bus party
scenario you saw girls upside down
last one played did you like it yeah I
did I got shifted away from them and it
was a good thing because if they were
more fun and you just arrived humble and
Sandy and brother jet how was your first
day training
it was great number two grocery shopping
yay go starving
look at this basic hoe out here
capturing stuff for it look at this
girl's mom I'm a photographer look at me
look at me I'm a just a photographer
I'm a an art
when there's no hummus Wow
spicy grabbing your nude food and gates
can tell when you see a hostile feel
really when they have to wheel out your
food on a cart because you're fucked
yeah fuck miss Fossey Foxy's right here
captain
Dubois now to carry it all back home I
got it all you got it all these mister
guns put it away humble put it away
for the record I'm trying to go through
my inbox with a Wi-Fi is so damn slow I
can't even deal but we have a video
coming up is my first dancing so nervous
and psychos in it no I'm so nervous I'm
so nervous I'm not trying to be like a
professional dancer don't watch a bit
Lily trying to be professional dancers
not the vibe it's like no no no no get
your hold up for no reason okay don't do
it don't do it
Minda turtle but it's gotta go I was the
one to do it because I just love true
that so much I want to give some love to
my shell so that's the point of you
don't come for me in the comments okay
guys why not can you come why not why
not thingit's has wine and fling it up
okay what are you genius calm hey Taylor
what's your favorite piece of choreo
show enjoy it together come on what is
it now granted it's gonna look exactly
like this you watch the video thank you
it's one two and then one two three four
okay
and you watching can we play that in
slow motion with a heartbeat sound
effect of course are you gonna grade
okay my little cookie with Sandy going
on here a boom ting a boom ting no sauce
right uh oh yeah damn got damn just
always whoa a little lady in the Tramp
situation after you when Sandy's here
you get the braids up all the time
there's gonna wear this onesie out mad
casual Bible so I love the part about
the dress that doesn't have to be too
extreme it's just casual vibes
you're made it you're alive get ready
we're leaving for a party
when Kyle lands and is ready to party
like a mother ever in a real one right
here
how was your first night in Trinidad
right your bus a wine everybody's by the
way doing this one everybody's your I
want to say that I saw Taylor over here
bus the most wines ever I did nothing
you did nothing
I didn't nothing this guy right here bus
the most wine what's up what's up what's
up I just stepped outside real quick to
say I feel so grateful I mean like I
really recognize that I'm able to go to
true that for Carnival being with all
this amazing people make on absolutely
and I go right now make all this amazing
memories and like I know a lot of people
can't do these things and I feel very
grateful to make these memories of
people I love and I think it's important
to remember to be grateful because it
thinks so often we can go through life
and think we're entitled to the things
we have and think it's normal but it's
not normal to a lot of people this is
not normal and so I want to say that I'm
very grateful and if you're gonna be
happy then I get to party and chilled
Michele and being trailered odd and have
good vibes and whatever I can do to send
those vibes to I want to do through this
screen I guess so hope you all happy and
you're all having a good day and thank
you for being part of the journey with
me thank you God for giving me this
amazing life and I'm so so grateful and
yo the hospital continues tomorrow let's
see how we did
and tell tomorrow
you
