good morning whatever welcome back to
loosing clouds we hustle harder every
day today is Saturday which means
basically the hustle continues weekends
are great because kind of get to chill
in boxes not as popping you're supposed
to relax but if you want to be a boss
let it relax but hustle at the same time
because yo there's people out there
working on the weekend oh we gotta keep
up here's the mission for today's unique
I need to write a script because I'm a
shoot tomorrow I need to figure out what
the f is happening with real life
you know I got to go through my emails
and send some emails your welcome team I
want to clean on my garage so I can
break it down I try to hit up the
Container Store why because today I'm
gonna do a bunch of house stuff get out
of here when I say house stuff I've
decided I'm giving it myself mini point
for a small task because I'm just in the
mood today I'm in the mood today to get
a lot done do you feel that you I'm in
the mood to be so productive and get
every little small big task done we
gonna get it done on a Saturday let's do
it oh my God look at this small task
where you're waiting to get done your
door no oh I'm just getting started
please come to my attention based on a
comment I just saw and read his blog and
said don't say welcome back to the vlog
where we hustle harder every single day
because that's two other popular people
that vlog say I just want to say I had
no idea other people said that in their
luck never see those laws I had no idea
which side you want hustle makes sense I
like yo what up that's also hard today
or something I guess I wanna put it out
there I had no idea that was the thing
other people said seems like you just a
basic sentence me but yo notice what's
pop at the time is 502 things are going
great I'm almost done writing my script
which is like really early in the day
from our shoot tomorrow
my goal is to finish quick because
container store closes at nine eggs are
laid out of your family on the blog
Container Store grip writing there's a
type of quality content things are crazy
you never know what can happen at 6:00
p.m. and the script ascent it's then set
designer scent crops needed scent Kathy
that said style notes upset killing the
game that's head to the Container Store
it's cool it okay now the goal is to not
buy 1000 containers I don't need wish me
luck
this dance section is gonna be the death
of me
oh it's on it's on right now you just
drive you even don't you messing when
I'm a nerd okay I got tendencies I'm
gonna organize free clutter in my house
chuckle nah take a look take a look oh
my god so good it's so good you can go
ahead and subscribe now oh no no no
turns me on it turns me on
what a bummer class this red nah yeah I
know what you're thinking okay now I
agree I might have a problem whatever
dinner made you got some pasta and
vegetables on top of that but cheese
vegan ground beef and pasta I don't
watch one episode of a show on Netflix
and watch the new show called Bojack
horseman we're just been up for a while
but I'm second late to the party go
watch that and they continue doing my
ish I also since I last vlog did two
more drawers but I don't want to show
off on the vlog so you know honestly
nothing I say right now will express how
much I'm killing you I haven't been
blogging things has just been repetitive
but every cupboard in my kitchen has
been organized I may give you a sneak
peak cake this would be a disaster
before a disaster look at it I know this
is not height for you but it's height
for me I throw the garbage just killing
the game right now and there's not a
thing I can do ready for this
I even redid all of these to make them
in straight lines killer they're crazy
one of them so outside my kitchen window
there's this giant spiders been there
for like ever like month and nobody ever
rid of it cuz you have to like open the
screen apparently council of spiders
poisonous I know if he's lying to me
Kyle he's lying to me I don't think he
is because even he wouldn't get rid of
it I'm stuck who do you think you are
spider
whatever you just out here living them
up where you pay me right pay me
mortgage but how do you think this is
and now I don't know to do it basically
this is mine now I'm moving I'm burning
Acosta I cannot hold a spider pig if you
didn't you say you just looking on me
like one of my exes stalking me on
Instagram all night long with the F
spider eyes
time is 1:00 a.m. I'm working on a
secret surprise for my parents which I
can't talk about because I know my
parents watch the vlogs my dad's
probably watching right now dad I'm not
telling you too bad
gonna have to see soup that's what I've
been working on right now I'm sorry it's
kind of an uneventful vlog I've just
done so much housework and email work
and they can't really show you every
email and doing everything it's not
really that interesting um really sorry
I'm really sorry I'm sorry but it's been
a hell hour ducted day and my tomorrow
my peer is gonna be done dad hope you
enjoy hearing that and I'm gonna get to
chill my hot tub tomorrow morning have a
shoot so things are working great
I feel really relaxed and rejuvenated
and I think it's a result of me making
decisions that are like no I can't do
everything and not to say no to this I'm
still doing a lot but they're things
that are priorities for me it's all
about prioritizing that's what's
happening why am i yelling at you I
don't know I just freaking love your
face so tomorrow I'm clapping with
someone I've never collaborated with
before in fact I've never even met them
4s right stranger danger coming to my
house below right now because by the
time this vlog comes out I don't I still
think you won't know who did I don't
think I'll be on social media yet so
Conville in the middle your guess is who
do you think I'm collabing with never
met them before never collab with them
before I don't know if you know I'll
give you a hint it is a male
comment below is this Ivy Park sweater
like asymmetrical it's not fire it's
just a bit too big I'm gonna get a small
but y'all I would shave my legs but it
is a fire fire I'm getting a lot of
comments like oh aren't you gonna talk
about Selena's kidney transplant and the
news if you haven't heard scene ago my
supposed to picture recently it's right
there about how she had a kidney
transplant over the summer and that's
when she's been so quiet and promoting
your music and whatnot obviously you
know my unconditional support goes for
Selena I adore her I don't think there's
anything she could do that would result
in me not supporting her like I just
adore everything she stands for I think
she's so talented she's such a good
person based off a few times I've met
her and just based off how she made me
feel when I would spend time with her I
obviously am sending her all the
positive vibes and all the positive
energies I have nothing but just all of
my bodies and souls positivity towards
me I met a lot of the same events of
Selena so I kind of I didn't know the
exact details but I knew something of
this nature a long long time ago happen
which is why when it happened I was like
oh I didn't comment on it right away but
of course I'm sending my girl all the
love frickin adore her and she's such a
soldier dude someone's been on TV since
like day one
gone through so much crap in the public
eye and it's still such a sweet person I
feel bad for any person any negative
energy or any illness that ever FS with
Selena Gomez because you will not beat
her she's just too strong and too
awesome of a person so you my babe that
concludes all the things that I can
think of talk about because I feel bad
that the vlog is so short I'm sorry but
I was so productive I've been sitting at
me like what can I do wind up not
looking I don't know and I also more
shirt all day watch The Container Store
like this yes kidding me dingy maybe I
love it I love my fatty body
cariann you might think oh it's because
the country yesterday is because she
screamed overlord and that enormity not
me but yes also no on the right i was
the DJ in the car it was like a two-hour
drive
I was the DJ in the car and I was making
like a soca jam so you know I was doing
stuff for like if you guys might better
put your hand up don't know I just think
you ladies in the backseat what's it up
wind up your bum but the whole two hours
are screaming at the top of my lungs
being the car DJ so that's why I sound
like Superman right now but yo tell
tomorrow if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe know what stop what
are you going don't go edit click
Subscribe if you're here and you're not
you're subscribed why we out here
hustling every day do you want a hustle
do you want to be productive do you want
to be swearing my positive energies then
it's a no-brainer
go ahead and click subscribe daily vlogs
we're on a grind in the house all day
every day you already know and yo
sometimes I do wear shirts if that's a
thing for you
