no you slept in yesterday's makeup I
need a hashbrown in the morning in your
bed shut up what's going on yo here's a
mission for today
we're gonna wake up in New York City
done just kidding where I can place
without that's lame take a shower my
hair makeup done again we have a photo
shoot with a photographer I am a fan of
I've never met before you'll see
momentarily never gonna fly back to LA
do some emails or write some scripts on
this plane aside from all that I should
probably just stop being what I am right
now
okay also you wanna lose side my life so
I had some dreams last night and cause
like what were the dreams like you know
are they sexy I was like I've dreamed
that release new merch my life is I'm
having sexual dreams balls at least when
you are sad purse
ooh when the girls kill it okay let me
just feel him myself right now her
makeup is done let's go ahead to do this
photo shoot
death alright so I'm in New York videos
I'm Jenny would first of all like my
dream come true but this is a Twitter
right here is Instagram right here this
that must work right over here
not including Kyle all right over here
he's all good and I'm like he's a genius
he just pulled out a CD and did some
magic you're really what's up he's been
Harry Potter is amazing when there's a
whole galaxy around you but you're still
single
how effing cool is by the way this my
new glasses I mean 2d personal s is one
of those I want me look like the same
basic come onstage every single time now
have four pairs of glasses that's my
Jack is invisible just like me in real
life I'll pay attention to me this is a
metaphor of my life nobody's engineer
either so cool rhymes like excited -
thank you okay okay thank you
Starbucks now is so basic poetic moving
free self gonna get today huh okay kale
with the bee pollen from ginger shot
Kyle look your philosophies on that bus
Kyle after one glass of wine
mmm when I see Lord I haven't tell them
they could use my name on the side oh
there's one right there
so our flight got delayed like the
airport but now we waited like four
hours fighting over the flight being
delayed
why new sports been here for both four
hours now and I'm over I'm ready to go
home Thank You New York thank you I'm
ready to go home just like it's cold my
nips is hard
everything has frostbite and just call
my hair is going back it's just the
situation it's the situation
so how long do you miss it you at the
airport okay so you already 17 days old
finally got through security an hour
drive our 11 minutes and every person
who works here is commenting on my glass
every person go through security with
jokes is now she doesn't mean to help
that faces beat for the gods where'd you
go I was like you know I just finished a
shift landing do another shift is my
daddy right you take 10%
but we made it
hi but for this goddamn like 2 lakhs do
some work on the plane I spun to my
whole embarking points number one play
it's gonna be late ok so when two are
gay right it says no more Pakistan no
but my fluttery got delayed one so
Tommy's can't want to go to the goddamn
screen right now just like can't go out
the stage I'm gonna take a crap right
here in the gate change that's across
the whole goddamn air right now New York
your choice so now we don't know what he
gave in New York was that the first gate
we're at 9 is wrong it's not going to
the horse going to LA I'm done with you
to name the scene
nothing now that we made it here the
planes aren't ready we hang some noodles
I tried to resist this much and he was
like no it doesn't work when the noodles
weren't enough for her he's on go
in for a second
you ate half of these fries I did not
touch them oh my god
cuz you'd agree I mean the reason that
the face regularly but I see the fries
are the Longhorns well except for you
not cute not cute at all let's go home
but the hose still in full glam
literally feels like it's my 84 years
but I'm back in my room my faces watch I
think we got a lot done today let's see
how we did
but my spikes that I've been saying no
to a whole bunch of travels I know
sounds really twisted but the reason is
I'm enjoying being in all ages and I
just came back from New York so it's
poor timing but I only wanted New York
because I love rupee but I'm excited to
be home for like two ish weeks to just
shoot some class but so nice to be able
to collab with people and see people and
I'm looking forward to more of that me
watching this today I'm clapping with
two more people stay tuned to my socials
we'll see well there darling if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
also here's a reminder that it's October
4th and my Rafiki campaign is going into
October 11th so you have 7 more days to
buy Rafiki and a pin all the proceeds go
towards sending girls in Canada to
school so please go ahead and do that
girl of calm spread the word
father-figure by the pig to live a
little
