oops I'm in New York good morning my
ears are so plugs I don't know that
whispering I'm a New York for a lot of
exciting things but also only for like
less than 24 hours know a little bit
more than 24 hours wait what should 42
not very long here's the mission for
today's I have look like New York done
give me the point get interrupted by
person who sounds like serious you know
Horton from Los Angeles
okay we can International Airport in
turn four airbags will be dropping on
baggage cracks south of our limit if
you're trying to move small child and
then and have a car seat or stroller or
looking for any oversized items that can
be found in that size came up in the
back of the plane like to rehearsal
forget about get my hair and makeup done
do the event possibly go to an
after-party you Cimino's go to sleep
that's going on for today if you don't
know what the event is you'll find out
soon New York I praying to the gods
please be kind to me let's go I'm gonna
need one for my suitcase and one for my
emotional baggage just kidding
salad-eating u-haul for the emotional
baggage
I'll call a cool I'll follow in the wild
a wild Chapman JFK I don't remember
giving them our name and likeness using
this magazine you exactly
being transformed into a decent human
being
hmm what plane Annika have no plane I'm
hydrated so the vet got my hair makeup
done I got this dress the Spanx are
issue because you can see them do the
slate you could see my underwear you
could see everything is just a chaotic
situation we tried so I told Kyle about
marking nipple covers wouldn't so call
that my nipples are still hardening
under the cover and so I'm just like
what's going on boo dress with no
underwear with Spanx and no brow and
nipple cover so which like how you gonna
put this mic pack on you're gonna staple
it to my dragon Notre Dame return this
dress cuz money of co-sleep to Layton is
mine every just right now I'm gonna read
some poetry I just want to do another
job Berube honestly this is her passion
project she's worked so hard on it I
know she has so I'm trying to go out
there nail all the cubes and do my
goddamn thing so the dress is too thin
you can take it off because it's real
cold put it on his show for Ruby Ruby
gonna buy this book right here I'm not
here doing the mom sits pretty poetry
okay I think I found a solution show
that much on here I'm not trying to be
like any programs be real of y'all
ladies like this is like well honestly
there should be how this is not as
lootable so what's happening there's
five girls plus route we were going out
with our binders where each reading poem
segments of a new book just coming up
when you're watching this today
you should definitely imagine a decision
my friend her first book was like on the
best sellers list for basically a
lifetime like 30 something weeks it is
crazy it's called milk and honey like
Beyonce tweeted about it killing
everyone their mothers was like this
book is my mind it's coming out today
and I'm so just honored to be reading in
your binder on the points gonna read in
the home time waiting I little wick know
I love that love a spicy
how would you want your voice does to me
what autumn does to trees you called to
say hello and my clothes found
I'm number one whenever we killed each
other and is very told you get the book
it comes out today when you're watching
this you just need to do some ear
improve your life get the book rupee is
my role model she's traded my room
sorry I'm just loving Ruby she was
closer Whoopi is my robot she memorized
like pages and pages and pages and
performed them so well so rhythmic like
I just no words I several express how
impressed I am and how inspired I am I
hurt all of her poems are dope sometimes
folks so to me and I just like just go
tell him my life story and she's such a
good performer I'm so inspired I goes
she's rupees goals alright now I had
this VIP thing I'm like I have no
clothes to wear I'm squaring these boys
you knew that were doesn't be wearing
dresses Graham be like yeah what stop on
my man of course came up to New York
without doing one thing
I just moved here I think it was men
doing like you know I don't enjoy coming
here very often but now that you're here
Sekou how's the event right yeah Kyle
has a really big crush on roofie guys
it's the real thing he's like in love
and last time we went out to lunch with
Ruby she's like oh I love God I told him
he died today they took a picture
together in Kyle's face during it it was
so cute how do you love Ruby what do you
think I am in love with her there are
tears in his eyes I show months pain
right there who knows your work benefits
right there I don't need no dental you
don't need nothing okay no is it a
benefits right there home gonna be
squirming like a little schoolboy she
was like we took a photo earlier and
she's like let's make it sexy I was like
by all means what I do that for you girl
just release my new video give me the
points doing super 60 give me the points
boom boom pow oh my god I have so much
makeup on my face I probably wash today
toilets doctor productive they had such
a good time with Ruby she's such just an
inspiration if you've never met her
stuff I highly recommend you get it I
know I've said there's a million times
in the wall but truly I'm not just
saying cuz use my friend and you will
feel you it's just food for your soul
it's so so good
tomorrow I have a photo shoot we're
heading back to LA very short trip and
until then this is where productivity
lives and toilets that are flying is as
my put it finer than your toilet if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe maybe it won't cuddle with me
tonight I don't know we got two bands
for a reason all we did get to bed for a
reason and the heaps next to this one
and Kyle's over here are we had when we
see you fall asleep oh you must believe
I will turn this place to a sauna okay
you better take these close-ups right
now to prep yourself right now
