I'm not wearing pants good morning I'm
sorry for not vlogging yesterday I had a
day full of secret meetings I couldn't
talk about I just landed yesterday it
was all buck up and mash up and broke up
we have an exciting day ahead of us it
is Saturday which means the hustle
continues we hustle harder even on the
weekend here's a little bit today I got
to do my hair and makeup by myself I am
headed to a conference hosted by Amber
Rose come on write a script I shoot a
video and I send some emails right Mel
but today's gonna be the day there's
been a whole bunch of things recently
where I'm like I'll do that tomorrow
okay I'll start this email
today's the day we address the story we
write the scripts we do the things we
hustle so damn hard I will not go to bed
I wouldn't be like I earned this
mother-effer I almost fell off the bed
but you're you know what I'm saying I'm
ready
oh when you just designing and styling
yourself you're like does this go also
why am I getting blown up the Sun shot
is really hard anyways it's the visor
today on my ripped up pants got some
heels got just dog jacket and what's
that that girl up in that girl ever
figured girl I've got comms where you
can go help some girls in Kenya to
school and look house swag looks let's
head there my life these were those
days right I definitely should wash my
hair last night cuz not cooperating so I
had to put in this little eye tight
little braids but like you know so a lot
of times we'll be able is being nice to
people like in the real world how does
that work I really believe in has power
of reasons when I think nice people I
mean it in the most proactive way make a
proactive effort to go against all
infinitude even if you're a dude chillin
with the rest you use a locker room
where the guy says and
girl be that guy that says they start
talking about a really bill that she's
wearing be the person that's like that's
not cool we're honoring the Lilly Singh
comedian entertainer
the role model YouTube producer
extraordinaire for her empowerment of
women and girls around the globe and her
creation of hashtag girl of initiative
to break the cycle of girl-on-girl 8 and
encourage positivity of almost each
other
yo just came back from the event I love
me some Amber Rose I told her tomorrow
she has to sit on my lap but yoshi's
sick I love her she's so sweet
tamam also in a walk while we're
watching this today today today today
I'm hosting part of it talk about that a
little bit look what I got in the mail
BAM
iPhone hey ho I am so privileged and
spoiled disclaimer disclaimer disclaimer
we are so privileged to have to preside
so spoil thank you so much for sending
this to me Apple hooked it up and like
dude I'm just not worthy I'm not worthy
and ports are more portable the 30
minute nap I'm like somehow becoming
good and that's I'm napping better a
bird crapped all over my window but I'm
becoming good nappy time is 611 let's
get some work done on what to go boom I
also just editorial it was so good just
went through my inbox give me the points
let's talk real quick about Amber Rose
if I said I wasn't talking about it
later so a lot of people think I saw
this before Brown must say it again
because I mean it a lot of people want
to hear like Amber Rose hasn't called
SlutWalk the automatically oh it wasn't
you better than I remember when I first
launched a girl off people had so many
things to say about like this is bad
because of this and this is bad because
this doesn't represent these people and
the thing is like no matter what you do
in life there's going to be people I get
offended that criticize it that daughter
agree with it no matter what the
reminder I always say my brain is that I
believe Bob Marley's the greatest
artists of all time
but go under his YouTube videos and
there will still be hey comment it's
impossible for everyone in the world
could be behind the things you support
is not gonna happen
so when you have campaigns that girl
lovin SlutWalk and all these things
those things are not meant for the
people that are trying to nitpick and
criticize them and get offended they're
meant for all the people that is
empowering all the girls that had to
deal with the reality of dressing away
that just made her feel good or having
sex and because it made her feel good as
you enjoy sex people would believe or
people people think the word
applies to those girls right so all
those
to deal with that reality this is for
them to be like fu I don't care how I
dress I don't have been care how many
people have sex with long I'm safe I am
an adult and I am in my senses and doing
whatever the F makes me huh it doesn't
matter the words the slop makes no sense
it makes no sense to take back ownership
of that word and be like yeah I've been
called a my whole life I'm doing
the walk dressing how I want and
yeah have sex with mad people what's up
that's who it's for and so a lot of
times of people and I support amber and
other people that do feminist events I
always get these things that I would
they do this no you can't pick anything
anything just view it as something that
y'all there's X amount of people that
are empowered by this thing it's not
hurting and you're no one's forcing you
to go to this event you may watch what a
 doing that for those people let it
be it's all good I'm psyched to be
hosting tomorrow a break if I treated a
shoe like you what are you wearing
tomorrow wear some fishnet stockings I'm
like that
knowing a bross I can't go that low in
the frame yo my head is hurting
it is so goddamn hot oh my god 938 I say
I'm gonna sit on the hot tub I've gotten
so much work to give it a point that I'm
so much work done I strapped up back
down and got it done mmm setting up a
little hot tubs real hot dogger and
again the hot tub you know but I start
up
check out swimming pool I guess I guess
I guess those are what those are for
right what am I even talking about all
right you know what do you call a pig
that does karate a pork chop I figure
out what kind of shorts new clouds where
what huh Thunder where how to be feeling
yourself literally feeling up a pinata
of me what this is deranged ironing
understand you know thank God this
iPhone is splash proof or else it's
gonna get whacked a long time ago at 11
o'clock
I feel great my headache is gone a
little bit I washed my hair completely
hopefully killing my headache scrubbing
my skull finish and then I'm gonna watch
the video y'all made for me so they to
my focus is like just what this camera's
focus is just like me at the end of the
night after some drinks it's like that's
the focus it's like camera don't drink
and drive it can't you take a shower
absolute traffic Wow there's literally
shoes on my bed
what okay first we take a shower and
then we're gonna deal with this that's
not good stuff you can't come with me
all right can you no no you get I
already bought to clean give me the
points now time to deal with all this
trash green got to do it because
tomorrow we regret not doing it yo
what's poppin so I got mad tweets I'm
sorry especially
Lily's beanies fan group made a video
for me for my birthday and I was gonna
react to it and I opened this video
mother after 35 minutes y'all making
feature films out here I'm so excited to
watch this but I can't react to the
whole thing live because the blog about
to be seven hours long and I can't be
having that something to watch this
right now and then I guess tell you my
reaction I guess I'll watch the first
like two minute
and then y'all here making just
documentaries okay first of all 33
minutes a lot of effort I know how hard
it is making a 5 minute video so thank
you so much I'm so thrilled to watch is
called bb's pay it forward and it came
on September 27th so here's the first a
minute or two of it it's not really good
really bad things happens we'll just
cause you believe it I'll make a change
really
that's timeless oh the graphics the CGI
graphics come through this is project
paid for to have the animation it is
always pretty volatile spreading love
and kindness and has always encouraged
team super to come you so hard to make a
change in the world
believe it up within our countries I
purchased one act of kindness on charity
oh my god are you kidding me first of
all your smile it just makes my life
you did not this is not a thing that
happened y'all are crazy
the scene said 20 take money online to
an organization called support the
children suppose the children was
started in 1919 and it's presently a
part of the United Nations Convention on
the Rights of a child you are telling me
are you telling me shut your mouth shut
your mother's you're telling me ever my
birthday y'all wouldn't help other
people because I'm about to effing throw
my laptop out the window and throw a
party and invite all your I swear what a
legacy I'm so happy and proud of myself
of my legacy is to encourage people to
help other people
this makes me so happy it's the best
gift ever okay I need to ain't have a
monel over a second I'm sorry carry out
this whole thing to reveal I'd have
owned a little watches up your I'm a
bureau fee you know when you order a
fruit salad right you order a fruit
salad and it's gonna come with a whole
bunch of honeydew and cantaloupes but
there's always like one strawberry and
you save that one strawberry last you
know the strawberry is the best goddamn
party like why you give me just utter
try out the strawberry team super you
are the strawberry
if this booths at I don't I just need a
disconnect just when would your friend
ever and I'm not it is not a competition
is not a competition but all these other
fans data honeydew okay they the
cantaloupe all these other people's fans
who be like breaking it should be
rebellious who pushing people in line
who be hating on other people not team
super team supers out here leaving a
legacy to servers out here making me
proud team super is the red flavor and
every pack of candy it is the best you
are the best you are the best song on a
playlist that you do not skip you are
the best part of my life like I cannot
stress this enough I am so proud that
what you've done as a family is decide
to help people in the world and I
couldn't hope for anything better when I
started making YouTube videos like I
don't give an F how much of my merge
songs I don't give an F if my chose
don't sell o my videos don't rend all
that is
temporary is not care about what lasts
forever is helping people that is
something when you wake up the next
morning is still in existence the impact
is still being felt you make me so proud
I got so emotional during so many parts
of that and you make me so damn proud
thank you so much to every single person
that was part of that video I cannot
express you how happy am I going to
sleep and how perfect of a gift that was
remember that you know me so well
FNL de and the best part of the whole
video with you helping people it was
also me seeing your faces because all of
you as soon as I saw the country name I
was like I know exactly what is gonna be
and I miss you I miss you so so much and
for the ones I haven't met yet I cannot
wait to meet you thank you from the
bottom of my heart I am bursting with
pride like I cannot express
when would your fans that like it's not
a competition but you won like it's not
a competition
but come at me I'm just saying it's I'm
just strawberries strawberries
strawberries just been sitting here for
20 minutes just in there and thinking
thinking about how like when Christmas
comes around I don't use my Christmas
lights I'm just gonna print out your
faces and hang them around my room cuz
y'all a God let forget love let's see
how we did today that record a video of
me - Tamar shut up let's see how we did
I stuck with Lenny think of a dream has
the name blowing my mind and I know my
god I just free love you so much when
you're watching today this SlutWalk so
hopefully I'm roses grinding I'm here
I'm grinding on her and one of those two
things hath no telling Kyle stop
productivity is not the stuff is where
productivity live make it count
I'll be tomorrow morning if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
damn you know y'all gonna turn me into
you know those annoying mothers that are
like every conversation every person
they meet oh right yeah and this is my
baby when my baby started walking that's
made me with you like this is team super
on my birthday they said this was team
super and I had a meet and greet and
this is team super when they made he's
really good team super Russia when she
photoshopped me next to all my base it's
just that
