not for real woke up like this the time
is so late 3:30 p.m. there's eye boogers
and my eyes as drool on my face there's
all be leftover mascara underneath my
eyes but if he's my friends today I woke
up very unlike myself feeling kill I can
do whatever the FI want I don't forget
if I can sleep all day if I want would
not be productive very unlike me and I
think it's because yesterday I wrapped
my HBO movie Saturday I'm like yo all
those times you're so sleeping couldn't
sleep sleep now so I slept like for 12
hours
I ain't go live today is gonna be pretty
chill but here's the mission emails I
say this but I'm not gonna get any
emails I'm just gonna send emails
welcome team I love you I say this every
day but I gotta do some stripper and go
future Lilly's gonna slap me if I don't
it is my dad's birthday to get together
family things a lot of families coming
over but aside from all of that I do
also think it's just gonna be a peaceful
quiet evening that's not too high
because just a few good Energy's good
vibes are you ready that's right guns
are cool by the way okay
I cannot wait to get into my dance
studio and just not even there before
the campus for myself just express with
my body and be fruit be fruit
goddamn it when you try the
inspirational but you gotta start where
you want be free missing a vibe while
feminist I'm a cool little things here
don't looking out for too hard because I
probably to rework ten times I get to
Kenya yo this device all right
disclaimer disclaimer screamer I know
that could he was so long ago and he
would never do my last and I can oppose
everyone like that Kenny was like fella
I don't live here so I have to take
these opportunities when I'm here and I
know it's very belated but for the first
time first time me and my sister have
decided in China keys on each other this
has never ever happened which is kind of
ridiculous I'm 28 years old
you know why have we never thought of
this before I didn't think you could
ever take care of me until now
very valid fair boys so we're Dinah
Cadiz the first time ever I each other
because it bling hood this is not just
between brothers and sisters between
sisters as well grow up hashtag oh do it
the one tied too tight because I know I
know see this the good thing about
sister scientists they understand not
too tight okay because they know you
don't even eat that off water okay I got
your back always with you I've got
agenda
okay Gilda the modeling world no clearly
defined I slapped them on the face yeah
I need these calories on my own gotta
sing that song but it's wrong the trend
for the new year
all right thank only one not that's what
our sisterhood is worth sorry
why not a breeze will blow that up well
we want it to stay tight so it's
multiple knots come on let's get it
ready that's not too tight though to
sisterhood and girl and girls being just
as capable a boys to protect their loved
ones okay
they make of you oh it's off the floor
inception vlogging the vlog feminism the
event right card birthday boy knocks
alone
another sign you're at is basically
party of robbers and parties when the
cake is 100% for a mango mousse cake oh
my god
all the time
say bye-bye bye then three today at all
don t son play flip cup it was a time it
is eleven oh I'm so tired I feel like as
if I haven't slept at all which is false
because I slept so much but I'm actually
thinking I might just like watch some
Netflix and go to sleep early because
today has been a relaxation day and I
think I deserve it that's okay tomorrow
I got a meeting with norm Kelly who's
the city councillor Toronto and I also
got to shoot some rant so it's gonna go
back to work tomorrow so dreams like
y'all hardware but fr1 i'ma fall asleep
right now I want watch as many movies as
I want right now his I am the boss of me
before I do that I want to mention
something real quick cuz I love when
people start critical conversations with
me it's literally my favorite thing so
yesterday people call from my blog I was
talking about how ever sexually active
you are it's totally fine let's give a
recap if you like to have a lot of sex
good for you and if you don't good for
you it's your goddamn choice don't let
anybody let you think otherwise yeah I
mean so someone tweeted me being like
hey just add this conversation they made
a really good point which was you know
this is really great to say if you're
capable making those decisions meaning
you're mature enough to make the
decision so I actually want to add that
to my conversation from yesterday which
was it is okay if you're really sexually
active or you're not no but you may feel
bad about however you prefer to live
your life in that regard but you got to
make sure old enough and mature enough
to make those decisions I'm not talking
to you if you're you know 10 11 12 13
I'm talking to you I'm saying once
you're an adult don't make anyone make
you feel bad about what your preferences
are in terms of like if you really like
to be sexually active or you don't
because that is your choice and no one
should make you feel pressured when you
feel bad about that type of ish so I
like that part of conference I love that
I love nothing more than you guys
tweeting me critical thoughts not
judgmental okay to add to that
conversation my favorite thing who the
smartest friends ever let's see how we
did today
you
thank you for joining me on my journey
today I thought I might switch up 20
talk you know I think I see the same
thing every day because I'm so tired at
this point oh my god
rah rah rah I don't know some change
they're gonna come on the vlog tonight
I've been saying this but I promise it's
common it's always winter it's actually
really cold in Toronto I feel like
winters already here but that's a
conversation for another day if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe he used you to this channel if
use new to this channel not news news to
this channel news new if you new to this
channel it is my second vlog channel of
a main channel youtube.com slash do this
thing this is my blog comment you
subscribe but Danny loves what we hustle
hard and you see what I'm like behind
the season out we're done crazy I am and
I'll raise my family is last long their
last video then click all things you
know was good
