oh I am hot and bothered right now I
just watched fifth Harmony's music video
for he like that and I'm just like good
morning
Real Talk those girls are so I just take
sad I know a lot of reaction I'll be
watching music video doesn't calm dog
after all sis wait this night I've seen
it good morning good afternoon good
evening the time 5:30 p.m. I woke up
couple hours ago and we start shooting
today I leave my house at 9 p.m. so it's
gonna be an all-night shoot and my
schedules gonna completely flip upside
down it is all good because I'm gonna be
as productive as I can be before we
leave to go shoot Fahrenheit 451 here's
the mission for today's new clip writing
female release my super Thursday video
blue super 16 shoot the Fahrenheit 451
and whole bunch of other secret things I
can tell you about move out of the way
now aside from all of that I want to be
productive sometimes it's hard because
I'm like oh I'm not at my desk with my
post-its and this ideal scenario and I'm
telling myself today shut the app bah
it's fine whatever scenario I'm in today
is gonna be a productive one because we
actively sick dog channel right now
where we hustle hard every day yo can i
give you a boss pro tip and i've got a
lot of people don't talk about this
enough but i'm gonna talk too cuz you
know i keep it real so when you want to
get someone's number i'm talking
anywhere i'm not talking like you're
trying to talk to someone in your life
i'm checking anyone that i need to to
get this person's number to ask them
stuff they were frightened to collab
with somebody's persons number I never
just message one of their friends be
like yo can you give me solos number
because I understand that puts the other
person in an awkward scenario so instead
what I do is that message to person and
say hey can you please ask
so-and-so if I can have their number
thus there's no awkwardness of like oh I
can't give you their number because like
I didn't ask them but it'll be about and
understand that people can't just give
you people's numbers you need to be like
can you ask this person if you can give
me their number that's how about does it
don't be basic don't be brandi write
that right you don't even know what i'm
talking about but you support me i
appreciate that welcome to this episode
of my real
parents react just kidding but I'm cute
someone geez I'm reveal brands but these
imposters are you to react to my
Instagram pictures which do you follow
me on internet yes I do
you know have Instagram so it just might
be your first time you see that these
pictures as 5 picture number one are you
ready wow that's cute that's cute
you're gonna meet this girl I mean I
know so cute that's such a natural quick
you okay very nice good number two the
key is the lighting and I don't know if
you have what if you black that all the
fat pushes down maybe pop the picture
there can they do that you might
Armstrong me oh this is from Indian
maddening no The Hollywood Reporter it's
a Hollywood yeah it wasn't the magazine
or something yeah I know I see any luck
my out there yeah I was very impressed
over this one very such a natural finish
I'm thinking soul deep I don't know I
don't know what I should be doing me I
think that's very very good very good
everything is natural people yes I like
it a little Indian girl all the kids is
it natural that it's natural but this
one here is this one is more like no
Harry okay why this Kyle I know what you
did you force him to do his Chaya and
you know God I have a great extra money
for that guy Ronnie said this but I'm a
job dude oh my god yeah right you look
at war attire for Kyle oh that's nice
that's nice
yeah and this is a big thing what is
going on YouTube this is myself
that's about this yeah look good with
your glasses the Pacific and all that
they all thank you this is me drinking
in my hot tub yeah I know I miss that
but we don't have a lot that we do you
tell me you're welcome anytime
are you doing this picture of me no it's
not a Celina go man yeah beautiful
yeah thanks he would be good good train
tracks take the picture I can see that
well that means you in the night dragon
so this is from one of my videos who's
that this is DJ it's 22 it's from one of
my videos or we had to take pictures for
this prop yeah like that so sorry no cut
you can tell he's ready to crier and
that's okay you ready
that's not that marshal hanuman martin
montana home security he is generous
when you got a people in all the best i
can do not good all by the way that's
nice too
that's why you know most families either
on it I didn't realize this year but
what would you mean yeah and then let me
see these journalists are not handing
you
that's good one no no last one yeah
that's nice my mom doesn't wanna know
this menu because I asked that's true
remember Archie comics used to read back
in a show called Riverdale you played
Archie Wow yeah I was great thank you
very very much
you know was impressed okay so what do
you think about my Instagram is it it's
really good I always enjoy it
no I think something no way upset about
it no no it's good it's good
I was like you know all those little
things you say sometime I didn't know
how to you book like you can actually go
there and see what are you doing now all
the recent things and all that story
stories my mom's covered Instagram so I
just figure it out
swipe and this is so sadly I don't have
Instagram so oh I don't have a Facebook
either Wow what started a charity for
you because I don't want them to know
what I do all day
so you guys want them to know that's my
well as I don't know time for these
things you know time well we do pass two
hours I was working upstairs you were
watching my videos in the comments
it was really fun reading the comments
what people said about him you should
know my dad reads all your comments ok
PGI so I might birds are so hilarious
they're the best I love how my mom acts
so shine for the cat soon as I stop
recording she literally like just like
beat the crap at me she's like trash but
hey just went through my inbox give me
the point all right it's 9 p.m.
let's go to work
so loud up in this joy I won't I'm super
few hours I'll see what I can do I'm
gonna miss you so much I would you come
with me but you can't where'd you come
in my pocket
that was my armpit I am so sorry but to
be fair you also kind of touched my
boobs oh do you know what I just did hit
her I just did not only I clear my Inbox
give me the points but I also went back
into my starred section you know my
starred section all those emails you
ignore cuz you're like I'll come back in
this I'll come back I went back to them
and I answered all of them give me some
bonus coins I think it gave me like 500
bonus points that is a mission and a
half I was an angel obsessed I'm
obsessed with Tomer me today I'm
obsessed with her me I will get alright
the time is 6 a.m.
let's head home I am NOT gonna watch my
makeup off yet because I have to go
shoot something real quick when I get
home so like how
time is 7:40 a.m. I just gotta watch
shots of that just shoot something real
quick and send a few emails I'm gonna
wash my face and go to bed and do
thanks for all the love of my new video
about shutterbug it's not so glad y'all
liked it it appreciate you haven't
checked it out yet the links in the
descriptions of DIY parody as I
mentioned and I freaking adore tomorrow
when you're watching this today is
actually my last day shooting Fahrenheit
451 so what the actual until then if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe what's crack-a-lackin' if
you're new here hi my name is Lily this
is my second vlog channel where I daily
vlog and also hard every day
last fall guard over there main channel
right over the main channel where I do
scripted comedy in case you don't know
in case you're living under a rock and
in case you are living under bell rock
then I'm GLS I've made that joke before
but that's ok because there's less
expectations on the wall channel I like
