Oh Taylor for you the harder part if he
lives you're real talk
I couldn't sleep all night I think I
fell asleep like 4:30 a.m. why our
school Casco what my legs were throbbing
I felt like my heart was in my legs like
doo doo doo doo doo my body hurts so
much but it's okay because tomorrow
it's Trinidad we gotta make it through
one more day of chaos here is the
mission zoom I gotta go to a meeting
right now then I got a little some
translations for my mama my hair and
makeup done shoot some really cool
videos with UNICEF then shoot a skit for
my channel got a pack I got to go
through my inbox and I can barely walk
let's do it you note one more day having
squats all day to just let's just every
turtle neck look freaking adorable so we
know how we're gonna take over the world
world domination world domination world
domination more importantly ate half of
this muffin and it was the best part of
this meeting kidding you're all great
ended up at the pastry table so give me
two points all right I'm gonna do some
Ishq I'll take over
so get this the last week we got an
invite to the first screening of
Fahrenheit 451 and I was gonna go Sarah
was gonna go all the people were gonna
go everyone except for Lily because
she's not gonna go to the first cast
today we've got an email saying it's
canceled so we can't go see our boo in
her first HBO movie yet so sad but on a
better note we're heading the Trinidad
tomorrow and my body's prepared for all
the destruction that I'm about to wreak
on it that's not the correct
but that's fine she's like enemy welcome
to a new segment called masako's Creston
SV I know you this is the purpose award
creators really sing award not the
stream II thought that before the stream
is the purpose of war that I wouldn't I
think I want for girl up purple and
beautiful and I would like to thank
purpose and purple so I guess Justin
Bieber thank you getting that hair and
makeup done two days in a row papi you
spoiling me out here also I just had a
FaceTime with my mom cuz I'm work on
this really cool idea for UNICEF I'm
gonna tell you more about it in just a
second so clean clean so we're shooting
something I had this great idea to do
something with UNICEF and YouTube as you
know I'm a UNICEF global goodwill
ambassador and I can tell you too many
details about it but I to face tell my
mom to learn a little bit of wind up
being a little bit of Hindi because
we're creating these really cool videos
like I bet I can tell you everything but
you can see the shoe
they send a large proofread my a little
bit they ready oh yeah MDMA up near or
do slow karate a hint Sarang McKinney a
kiss every time 1098 photo free caucus
opinion that's a wrap on the UNICEF shoe
give me the points now we got a shoot of
our own to do but first look who finally
has time for me Wow been a long time
Sammy quacks do you hate me on camera
yes well we class series very excited
that I'm gonna be getting a dog at the
end of monkey know I'm getting really a
dog like this is about me now it's all
about me okay kind of Darwin again she's
like what was the godmother oh I want to
be the like God like it's like a gret
she's gonna be my shear he's gonna be my
grand dog like I'm gonna be like the you
know some white people issue whoa
okay so Taylor's gonna start working
from my office now which means he's
taking over my desk so it's a brand new
desk and so like basically I'm moving
all myself okay what can I get him is
like a desk warming are you ready for
this kind of some Star Wars stuff cause
he loves Star Wars so I got him Han Solo
which is like his favorite I don't care
that I got this cute puppy named
Chewbacca wait it's wife's I wasn't in
how you work a camera well that's how
long take the zoo Alan I'm gonna need
you to meet me in 2018 hear this it's 20
to my name I mean honey meet me have a
small desk warming gift for you okay
first mom first things first
your own from my own knowledge not
anything you know in particular got do
this
more is more
get her dacor on your desk and then I
got you this cute puppy from Star Wars -
I thought this was so cute and I know
you'll fuck me soon I thought my puppy's
name could also be Chewbacca because
they can be puppy twins arrests but I
wish so these are both your desk icons
down thank you so much yes may my death
be your desk
sir she's not Priyanka Chopra sir that's
not proud I finally cast the role of
Taylor's boyfriend and it's a privilege
and honour
yeah miss our man you're killed and
stamens stop must defeat curse defeat do
what ever crusty Feeny can all right you
take one marker and that is a wrap also
give me Otto boys hmm now that the video
is done is how to do laundry and Pat
we're leaving for the airport at 3:30
a.m. and that's like well this is where
I am so far haha me trying to pop a
pimple it'll be better by tomorrow let's
see how we did
please don't read what's going on so
welcome to the Future this is actually
the future small that you're watching us
from a day ago I'm already in true dad
but I wanted to put a segment in here
from the future because I went on
Twitter and I saw a lot of y'all
stressed about a lot of things that I
wanted to address and I didn't vlog
anyways yesterday so I thought let me
just talk about this a lot of you on
Twitter have expressed concern for a few
reasons which are understandable me
stopping really live me changing the
vlog format and whatever else there's a
concern that we don't feel as close to
Lily with her new vlog format which
admittedly if admit you've only seen one
day of but I get your concern because
it's been a lot of changes recently
toilet talk has gone at the time is the
live is gone so I just wanted to say
these changes have nothing to do with
how much I want to interact with you I'm
not taking out toilet talk because I
want to distance myself from you all of
those decisions I've made recently have
been for one reason one reason only my
sanity really live drives me crazy
toilet talk I tweeted about this as well
there was so many days where I would
fall asleep and literally have to drag
myself out of bed to go to toilet talk
literally to just repeat things I've
already done in my day and it just felt
like such a chore and I don't want to
create content that I'm not excited
about I want you to also understand that
the vlogs as much as they're for you
they're also for me and so I've been
doing them for so long and this new
format is exciting to me you know it
excites me to be like great my days in
video game I love video games excites me
to be like oh do points can I get when
I'm yelling and screaming the vlogs be
like go good morning of course it's a
pump--ow but it's also heavily to pump
me up and so it's for my happiness as
well and so I wanna say a few things one
being that I will never do anything in
my content that doesn't make me happy so
if any of you feel like she's doing this
because she wants to like peel to a new
audience and it's because that's what
other youtubers do and she wants to make
her vlogs like that and I could give an
app I don't give a half about that it's
to excite me and to challenge me and it
makes me happy and if I didn't I would
not be doing it that's one thing the
second isn't the most important and I
truly mean this it doesn't matter if
toilet talk is gone it doesn't matter if
Lou Eli's gone it doesn't matter what
changes to my content happens me
interacting with you real talk
when I'm lonely when I feel something
when I'm grateful when I feel an emotion
that's not gonna change and if it
doesn't happen in a while
it's only because I haven't had this
moment where I'm like oh I really need
to connect with someone that is the
honest truth so don't worry about
feeling disconnect with me like right
now the fact that I've woken up with no
we're not releasing vlog on the segment
and should show that to you I care about
you of course if I ever feel like I want
to communicate because I will just know
that the end of the day just like I
encourage you to do I'll never do
anything I don't want to do where that
doesn't excite me or genuinely make me
happy nor should you
and you should dress knowing that that's
all I wanted to say yeah Lily's not
going your connections Lily's not going
I saw one person's tweet actually really
didn't upset me was like a og team
superfan I was like oh that's what
happens when you get famous to get
better don't do that don't do that to me
we're friends don't do that to me don't
do the whole - she's getting know
everyone changes everyone's bald I'm
trying my best just like you're all
trying your best growing together that
genuine connection if I ever use trans
people it's very often gonna be you so I
wanted to reassure you and let you know
that this is supposed to be a one and a
half minute segment ended up being four
minutes but yo your connection with me
is not going anywhere alright so be
assured frigging love you and that's not
changing
you
