oh snap I woke up like this and then and
then got my hair makeup done good
morning good evening good afternoon
wherever you are you let's take a deep
breath before we even get into this what
a beautiful day we're about to create
because we have the power to do so we
gonna hustle gonna be present we gonna
be grateful we gonna be happy how are
you doing comment below before even
watch company know how you're doing how
you're feeling we're in this together
it's gonna be a little obvious Lee I
have my hair and makeup done Renee
nationair downstairs we got an exciting
day ahead of us I have woken up early
every day for the past 100 days I don't
remember ever sleeping it but that's
okay because the out here putting in
work here's the machines you a photo
shoot right now for something I can't
Pam hangs a sign Bros to react to some
ish I have a block at my calendar
because my team is planning something
pre birthday for me and I don't know
what it is I'm gonna know but scare
we're gonna find out but y'all Evan
would you just have a wonderful day so
let's don't walk wine are these color
combinations you know what's good we had
into a photo shoot you don't know what
it's for but you kind of do cuz you're
shockers
so clearly I'm not allowed to go into my
house right now and quale over here you
tell them that we have a block in your
County yes all right - finebros react to
something they best not show me some
spiders I'm traumatising last time still
swear to God youtubers react right now
which is awesome cuz I haven't been able
to do this for legitimately a year my
schedule has never ever allowed this to
happen so I'm here and doing all the
things I'm a hair makeup is done two
birds one stone amazing krishna she's
hale yeah okay
so large
so that your eyes are closed still
prepping so we're hiding billionaires
cardboard
I excited for your evening
so whatever guys honestly oh my god so
much ever just get ready when your
friends are dressed just one of the
hardest and your day to play will show
you everything your heart desires more
keep thinking beep and checking numbers
dallisa oh no one will touch this will
remain on open until the day I died
literally we're moving on to the first
event of the night and you just remember
something wouldn't you remember
something oh you said something along
those lines I know you don't like I
don't know this is something you enjoy
happy birthday okay activity one here we
go when you went the extra mile forgive
you damn hello okay
that's their costumes being gonna let
her know what we're doing
what song relearning the repetitive I
heard that she likes fifth Harmony's
even album so we're gonna deliver
so we're gonna start with our right foot
we're gonna go one three four five six
seven eight one two one two three
they're so good my team
it's fun not necessarily skill
I and he is larger something with my
ring so this is the the ring the ring
how long have you been wearing this uni
for years my back for years it's really
pretty has a diamond on there yeah do
you have any strands on your ring leaves
run up just for you guys
my hands are right here I'm never gonna
leave watch this when it comes back can
you add more diamond okay you would be
able to see in a song myself maybe
tomorrow my friends are here all the
time
Tyrel yeah not showing my butt okay
right here oh my car key is that you're
sitting so marine let me take this off
so you can see right here when you gave
it to her was a gift wrapping it was
yellow
it was hold on right here I have a gift
wrap that's just my wallet hey sleeves
rolled up watch this to believe took
this out inside this actually pleased Oh
smaller one check this one no no there's
nothing in there right instead of this
one nothing in there in sight of this
one Russian dog yes exactly
piece of rectally now I'm not hiding
anything that's really important your
ring I actually wrapped it for you
I wanted use two finger and a really
really fair
here right hey Lindy is my gift this is
a question okay you have something
common with your team like I guess we're
like the same jury you gave it to her
yeah I gave it taller than you okay know
what if I say I have it right here I
have a Sharpie please sign your name on
that card show it to the camera now I
want you to visualize okay to the key
right usual eyes a key right here
hmm what is the word series on there
what does it say on there okay
it says create okay imagine that key is
right here it says create onto the pink
this key up in the air can you see it
yeah you can see it pick it up so
everyone can have sleeves rolled up blow
the key into the course but you got to
live with swag I started on inside this
deck no that's create now you have a
sign card right whether this is now on
the back of this piece giant wall are
you okay I really wanted to remember me
okay
what if I can take this key out sign
card key sign 49 49 49 card punches one
two three
i doesn't create my lord
my mind is mother has been blown right
now egg Jonny Wu he said think of any
car think of any car details there and
pick any number then he counted that
many numbers and there was my car he's
reading my mind it's a thing press now
more more MORE what did he feel like
it's bending
open your hand also remember when your
ring was on his keychain
like no longer works
we gotta feed you anybody oh my god yeah
just up a group of friends that goes to
this extent so just keep scaring the
crap out of me if the pinata it's Jesus
Christ they're so sweet so much effort
and energy like mall details of colors I
like everyone knows I love colorful
straws that I make very happy it's like
such small details so I'm so grateful
and lucky there's no sweet every single
one of those late donators - thank you
for the bags I can wake up again early
tomorrow 9:00 for her make I'm having an
event tomorrow I a drink I'm gonna sleep
I'm just so overwhelmed how amazing this
is best people ever but let's see how we
did today
don't stop when Lily stoop of course not
it will change my toilet paper does just
oh my god I'm such an amazing day I'm
such a baby
friend I'm so lucky I just can't
complain why I think my life are the
best people in my life ever they're just
so great tomorrow we have the purpose of
war it looks like a streaming pretty
thing I've got to shoot some videos and
do some brand stuff like that get some
work done but I suggest tacular day
today it's everything is just so great
today when you're watching this right
now it is Monday and the new videos will
be dropping on my main channel soon I'm
not gonna be sleepy because something
really really different inspirational
never done before so stay tuned for that
and let them know the blog Channel st.
you tell them if you like and subscribe
if you like and subscribe also Curtis
goddamn say now my knees about to
goddamn hurt that dance routine a choreo
is one of those like user whose attack
things are so hard for me people around
my my legs gonna be broke up by now wine
and wine on the floor oh my god I'm
feeling I already pray for me
sand tiger balm please
