hey yo homie I got so much sleep last
night what's going on how are you last
night I fell asleep on my couch at 7:30
p.m.
woke up at 5:30 a.m. and came upstairs
and stuff some more so I'm feeling good
I'm feeling great I'm feeling rest and
licked and liddy and fleet heat and
whatever else the internet says dan
canceled to come through sis we've wig
what's up today is gonna be so
productive Saturday I'm gonna try to get
the perfect combination of hustle and
leisure
also I notice to keep doing this let's
do this here's a river today I'm
shooting a collab with someone on their
channel for the first time you'll see
who and I'm gonna be super in this club
when I come home I gotta send some
emails guy do some strip writing I got a
plan my video release schedule I gotta
do some house to fathom all of that yo
it's a sunny beautiful day I'm a healthy
happy person I have so much to be
grateful for so do you so Lilly Singh
blogs let's hustle harder and be present
and enjoy life you with me let's do it
booty bus boy dress okay so there it's
going to bump chest but you like yo yeah
all right first and foremost hair and
makeup done the vibe white tank top he
just kicks jeans a little bit of camel
little bit of curled hair me curling my
hair for videos like a decent human
being times in a week I know I'm so
bummed you right so what can I say you
know me I write scripts and then almost
all right guys let's shoot it now
because I just wrote this ghost at me
script three days in advance my life is
so long boy I'm just like oh my god
actual goals I should hold you I'm like
I got this script read a zit event has
been formatted and short pants I'm like
oh my god OCD bye sorry oh my God thank
you so much he's so sweet I'll actually
love active I'm gonna write some scripts
right off it don't be late it's gonna be
the three shows people and you're like I
love learning from you I just love
learning for people like what's going on
in vlog for a minute it's 4:18 we just
wrapped a non associating her stuff but
a lot of fun my feet kind of hurt from
these boots add to air outside just bang
my hand oh but now I'm heading over his
soul god damn hot I love him heading
home do some work I should probably try
to wash my car cuz goddamn filthy as
well good shoot
give me points and now we are heading
home let's go these people are watching
me what's up ah blah blah yes I vlog
all right so I'm doing what needs to be
done I'm assigned to get your cars here
a little shower at car wash and this
needs to go down because this thing is
doctor even someone in a random parking
lot today was like don't use and wash
your car you right you right yes your
cars come through looking mighty fine
it magically your mater clearly you have
patty came let's go to some set of watch
this just give me the points could eat
dinner give me the points looking cute
give me the point in the comments was
like why don't just use the dishwasher
and save 30 minutes get 31 minutes of
sleep smart to reason wisely it's a
waste of water if I can do a quicker and
number two my dishwasher never gets full
because nothing made dishes get you said
if you put two this in the dishwasher I
feel like there for somebody days and
you run out of dishes you have a full
load of the whole thing and watch the
dishes kind of remedial for me I enjoy
having a lavender soap bar young and
we're late we're crazy out of here
talking about lavender soap get on my
level other vloggers yo this type of
excitement you can't replicate this
gives us many hours later I've been
doing work I'm doing better stuff I just
came upstairs I'm good my Instagram
right now y'all I follow some mother
effin bomb people and I think I've ever
done this other react to my friends and
other youtubers Instagram picture
because these people are fine as hell
but first GG gorgeous stare at GG's
pictures way too goddamn long that boy
I'm just I'm just gonna be in a program
booty doe that hurt and everything
Gigi's body is mother-effing gold
she is so hot I wish I was this man this
man looks shook and I wish you know who
I am that man
not next Madeleine bill its madam Billy
always look likes I'm fine mother-effing
Elsa just like your let it go let my
emotions go into this picture
honestly Madeline's body's also gold I'm
sorry to be a perv that sitting on all
y'all the matter needs so much Chipotle
home broken either begin burrito in two
seconds yes some has a stomach like I'm
sorta are you Harry Potter do you wanna
how much what the f is the wizardry
Madeleine you're the harlot a certain
let me know my wife Colleen I miss
calling so much haven't seen in so long
should have been cute as house serving
that skittles background flow just like
you're a unicorn puke behind me I
decided to take a pictures like ah I
decided I'm also a still I'm just
sailing to the unicorn you just like I
miss Lilly so I'm just gonna swim
through her puke is what I gather from
that she just stole god damn to give me
them sailor Titanic lifeboat mother
effin vibes the type of person that
would roll all the way to Jack and Rose
be like stupid idiots both y'all can fit
on that door you bring Liza this is the
thing about Liza let me just tell you
what is the wizardry of like you I don't
even got to be in this picture it's
still gonna get almost a million legs
these buildings right here i'ma just
make these buildings get a million like
just because the lies of the Instagram
theme though is bored put together than
my goddamn life can I just say like what
the f how was one so on for I can't
write good my girl or do I work in
Laurie looks just effortless effortless
vibes with my six-pack and beautifully
set hair and Calvin Rogers what do you
owe me know this was a candid which talk
more IDI wide this candid without you
know I mean I didn't know you were the
cat slaying slaying okay Alex what's up
yeah I just wanted Alex and Laura take
me not hate love and couples can I just
be all other couples make me puke but
Lauren and Alex like how adorable when
you can't even be mad at how goddamn
sick and adorable they are I just sorta
good oh okay come through with this
solar system earring leather jacket
coordination let me tell you your
horoscope with the blush on my cheeks
and my perfectly dinner find me a
picture where Rose Anna's hair doesn't
look perfect I swear to god I'll give
you a hundred dollars I hope you can
find what I really her hair is always on
point perfect she's just an example of
an adult I just want to be her just
can't be here dammit hey
okay I don't know if you know this but
this is my husband I know he might say
that he likes guys he just does that a
cute thing he does like this is my
husband his smile
used to be bottled and sold in stores as
a perfume and it should be called
perfection and I will bathe in that
perfume because I adore its man look at
this smile look at this smile you have a
cough you have a cold you have a fever
look at this picture and cure yourself
name it what the hell I don't remember
taking this picture with David Ober oh
damn it no I literally cut myself on
Blogilates picture I literally injured
myself because come through with that
wedding ass photo shoot red dress
looking like the emoji sitting on a
cloud photo shoot girl come the ass - I
literally - can just literally my skin
is peeled the hell I don't remember
taking this picture with grace how do
these boys yo
how old this is the thing about the
Dolan twins and a lot of other people
similar to them on YouTube it's like am
I gonna go to jail for hit it like I've
met them once never had a conversation
with them
how are you so young-looking boys these
days that are young it'd be rocking
these eight pack and perfectly did
facial hair and hair look what the hell
is in the water that you drink cuz when
I was younger boys did not look like
this that were my age girls who are this
age I have options like this y'all
better be freaking praying before and
after you eat before you sleep before
you brush it before you do and you are
living in a blessed generation I don't
know what that is in these fidgets
spinners y'all use it I don't know what
the f is in the water y'all drinking but
boys my day did not look like how did I
come through with that high contrast
perfection let my blazer match my
eyeballs and let me just casually
scratch my head perfection in my opinion
Joey Graceffa is one of the most
beautiful humans on the planet like
every mannequin should be made after him
he is just gorgeous with his symmetrical
face perfect hair wonderful style just I
swear they're either young or they're
gay order take it I just done with this
all those people are so hot I'm so glad
I follow them bless love my time
all goddamn time I freaking love it
y'all I did that because the blog was
short and also I want to appreciate my
friends and stuff and the tripod is
falling but okay the tripod saw what the
heck is wrong to tripod hold up still
shook over blog learning this work now
that I'm done hitting on under ages and
checking out every single male and
female my Instagram feed let's see how
we did today
thank you for joining me on today I'm
going to blog a lot I was doing things
and also when I was shooting with
Inanna I left my vlogging camera at her
house and the one folks on the shoot and
I'll be distracted so I'll try and be
professional but yo today when you're
watching this my team has put a hold in
my calendar I feel I think I do some
sort of birthday thing I don't know what
to expect so mom's blog should be lit
when I find out all the stuff that's
gonna go down and tell them you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
hey you'll have 20 seconds to tell you
that if you have a bad day don't stress
on it everyone has bad days tomorrow
morning you can wake up and create a new
day for yourself create a day you're
proud of when you go to sleep you're
like you all worked really hard and I
was present and I was grateful it is
never too late to have a good day don't
convince yourself you have a bad life
capisce Hey
