what up sweater reference well you you
thought yesterday I also do that before
we gotta like that you know the only
force I'm competing with let me tell you
I'm competing with who you think I'm
wrong I'm competing with who I was
yesterday because yesterday Lily i'ma
show you how to hustle today what are
your plans for today is I tell you my
mission write down your mission we are
in this together here's my vision for
the bitch and oh it's a long one wake up
and have a meeting
dude give me the points I gotta finish
writing my second script I'm gonna
schedule time for a nap call one call to
shoot one shoot to shoot two videos
after that I'm gonna do more script
writing for another shoot I have
tomorrow
it is a crazy day is what we gotta do
cuz we're going back to Toronto on
Monday night and I need to bank so many
videos before that's right from Toronto
going to Kenya no hustle
you see these hustles artist hustles
right no does my booth but hustle hustle
hustle
do you even hustle bro let's get some
serious gain so today I'm shooting two
videos the script I'm tweaking right now
is my parents reacting to Selena Gomez
your way no rewind and the second video
I'm shooting is a back-to-school DIY
parody video which i think is hilarious
and I hope you really join well so I'm
going to tweak the script right now and
I am done I think I am done 30 minutes
early which means 30 minute nap the
reason I keep taking naps is because I
am doing so much in a day and the time
difference from Eastern Standard Time to
Pacific it's only three hours but always
ask me over every single time and so I'm
trying to power nap so then I actually
wake up I say thirty minutes usually is
an hour but I think all we have thirty
minutes right now then I wake up like
this let's see if I can afford a nap
that was legit 30 minutes let's make
some quick breakfast do it
holy bread eggs vegan cheese vegan bacon
your d'Arnaud just finalized my judging
for the girl gets competition not gonna
lie just cried I fully cry because one
of the films was so beautiful and he
just touched a part of my heart no when
you watch something or you see something
you hear something and something in your
mind switches just like my life has
changed that's how I felt like those
moments when you have new priorities and
you're awake into something new I dig
that type of issue shout now I have a
call in about 10 minutes so we're gonna
go do that ring ring ring so yesterday
as I was doing some reflecting at night
I had some thoughts and I went on a
rampage of tweets I'm not gonna lie was
a little bit tipsy but I went a whole
bunch of tweets I tweet some really deep
things that I want to elaborate on one
of those things because I had like an
epiphany where I was like oh my god I've
never thought about this thing like this
so basically I was thinking and this is
how you know I'm like really passionate
about this because usually people get
tipsy learning drunk text their ex when
I get tipsy I'm like let me think about
the world and humanity and how we can
help people but that's just something
I'm passionate about thing I thought
about which is okay you ready for this
take the citizen so I was thinking about
like just a life and how people live and
how we live here compared to how a lot
of people live in other parts of the
world and so like you know the big
differences are like some parts of the
world don't have as much money as other
parts of the world don't have the same
privileges they don't have the same
genre of problem our problems be like oh
my god my car ran out of battery and
someone else's problem is like oh I
can't go to school and you're like oh
well crap so I was thinking is like how
we can shift our mind to think about
these things that make us better global
citizens and I got an idea basically a
lot of problems in the world not all but
a lot of the problems that people
encounter in the world would be solved
if they had the resources and privileges
we had and so if you think about like
people that aren't humble I was just
thinking about people that like you want
to just emphasize the process it's okay
be proud of the things you have I posted
pictures of my car I have posted
pictures of my house are you part of
what you work for that's completely fine
but if the people that equate those
things with like I am now so so so
successful because I have a car
people that post pictures of cars houses
and watches and misses subs and views
all those things in a way worth like
because I had this I am better now and I
am so successful because of those things
and I am now this superior person here's
the thing about that though and I
honestly mustn't say here anyone it's
just a way of thinking how can anyone
not be humble if other people in the
world are suffering and I mean
in the way of like if you are such a
powerful human being and you are part of
humanity how can you possibly be
successful if there's millions of people
around the world that need so much help
as far as I'm concerned unless every kid
is in schools every month to spend
everyone should be humble because your
car and your money and all those things
are great because you've worked hard for
the music problem they're not solving
any of those problem and thus it's good
to enjoy them but you can't walk around
like I'm better than everybody else and
I am super successful and I need to be
treated in this such way because know
you're a part of a team called humanity
and therefore until every person is able
to be like I have a healthy life no one
should be walking around cocky because
part of your team is not winning that's
how I thought about that let me know
your thoughts below and down because I
never thought about that like that
before and I was like yo that's where
the real power comes and that's where
the real success of power comes and how
many people around the world you can't
be like y'all I want to pause the impact
those people's story anyway I'm rambling
I'm a little bitter your thoughts um
that doesn't make sense it's not make
sense you agree to you're not so we just
general worldly thoughts I have a call
now ring ring ring yo finish both my
calls give me the points curled my hair
did my makeup actually really pleased
and actually really like this lipstick
color
someone's playing music downstairs just
realize it's connection to my room the
outfit right now it's like do I look
like a lifestyle blogger because that's
what I'm going for and all of them are
so goddamn pretty so I'm like let me
just put extra effort into a good today
because they're all goals let's go shoot
some videos go back supreme up in the
office today
well we're shooting do you know what's
happening and getting my floor installed
for my dance I have a name of my dancer
yeah do you have any suggestions Thank
You Lily
I love dance make it happen is hardwood
floors gonna happen here
I'm at the my channel you can follow me
at youtube.com slash Kai DIY maggi clips
oh don't you know I'm cookies in out get
faced by little people like you
sandalwood smelly oily nose try to twerk
but I already have a booty flat backpack
with the crack please because like this
response video sustained or
the question made me do to me anything
but mainly being video give me the
points and now we're gonna eat and do a
second video because the hustle don't
stop and also my makeup looks pretty
good still this lipstick killing it
these glasses make it look really smart
when use a genius
quality human quality human quality
human quality human quality human
quality human quality human quality
human quality human not shy random with
yo can someone help me turn this upside
down I just ate and I'm so full I can't
even breathe but now I'm gonna take my
makeup off peace and then I'm gonna
change and do bottom z+ hello shut up
your face okay don't talk to me like
this
all righty and it is midnight finished
to video give me the point I need to
kind of write a script shooting tomorrow
getting at 12:00 I could wake up early
and also do it but I want to just get
like the meat and potatoes of it
vegetarian I guess to like they're like
a Brussels sprouts and potatoes of it
done tonight but you're mad productive
day Friday - for hustling tomorrow
Saturday Saturdays for hustling Sundays
for Game of Thrones but now but every
other day fossil egg just put in a load
of laundry give me the point all right
went over the script know what I need to
tweak in the morning I'm gonna kind of
wake up pretty early the time right now
is 1:23 a.m. I think I can work like 9th
we go by 12 I think that's good don't
look at the screen look at the lands not
screen the lands lands lands lands and
lands we had a goddamn productive day
finish everything honor to do this how
did you do stop right now home below let
me know reproductive would you finish
our juice how many points did you get
now so many points I got check it out
learning with me today being productive
me today or if you weren't productive
it's okay it's good to have lazy days as
well sometimes but tomorrow you gotta
hustle with me I'm just so happy with
everything I got done today and I'm
gonna go back and I'm gonna wake up
early and Dwolla jazz my garage studio
is almost done I'll show the finished
project tomorrow which I'm so stoked or
what I cannot wait to dance and pop my
booty display and tell them you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe to be
honest I should have given myself like
10,000 bonus points for remembering to
put my wet laundry in the dryer because
I swear to god that issues rocket
science I stay leaving my wet clothes in
the washer and having to dry them again
because they stanky it's literally
impossible to remember but I did it
