what's going on team super I feel so
happy and so energized I'm so sorry for
missing so many vlogs and I'm back in LA
for five days this vlog might not be
family-friendly this might be rated our
vlogs might be too much violence you
know what coz my to-do list is about to
get brutally murdered just like that so
productive I hope you feel productive
because on this vlog channel all about
us link harder every day can you keep up
with me I think you can't here's the
mission for today
I'm gonna unpack go to all the packages
I got while I was away prep for my
meeting later today do my meeting later
today write a script record a video if
time permits hot tub aside from all of
that I'm going to embrace every moment
of today because I'm so happy to be back
in the LA sunshine I feel good are you
feeling good let's look at this task
right here you see this task
good this task I'm gonna totally Burke
this task oh you made a point here's the
thing but I'm packing it's always that
thing that I procrastinate on and then
down the road it's gonna annoy me so my
new thing is just count to three and do
annoying things pro tip is anything
annoying you guys do in your day just
literally take a breath and go up one
two three and just get up and do wait I
realize it's been a minute since moving
back in the LA house if you're for some
reason you to the blog channel welcome I
mean you do a really quick house tour
and remind you what my lily pad looks
like my bedroom writing room plan
elevator ecosystem that Charlize Theron
sent me whoo demands the kitchen Boca is
beautiful F in front of a magazine West
Elm IKEA looking mother-effing living
room with the fresh flowers in the mix
come dislike horn for adult and I guess
a different type of port that doesn't
make that you don't have me pouring for
people who like furniture instead the
color coordination
the meditation room more elevators we
need to fix that by my hustle harder
yeah done no no dreams just goals one in
the same you aren't working my office
washroom make it happen Bob I know it's
not spelled correctly but whatever and
it's very cute emergency escape plan
which is very confusing you get it you
get it you get it because if there was
an emergency we would all die completed
mirror situation and your cards okay
I've been I've been avoiding this for a
long time but I have to do this I'm
sorry I have to do this before you watch
this I'm about to say a game of Thrones
spoilers so skip 30 seconds with your
top today I'm sorry take this buddy even
though their name is Joe Carson not
Jorgen it's okay you wanted to see me
related one of your brothers has died my
tonight King we go get revenge
don't drop the hottest mixtape ever to
destroy him even though his mixtape is
pretty dope seeing
cleansing ice all of fiction father
in other news did you hear Taylor Swift
is releasing new music and night not me
feeling like
it's just more work like looking in a
mirror that's what my heart looks like
yeah I'm like super weird today
just finished my meeting prep give me
the points and it took a pop give me the
points digestion on Philippe here's the
thing right if I do anything I find it
pointless to do if you're not gonna do
it a hundred percent and that's a good
rule to go by whether it's going to buy
a pair of shoes whether it making a
fruit bowl whether it's happening me to
make an even if don't do it unless
you're gonna be like yo 100 percent of
me is committed to making this the best
I can possibly make it in these
circumstances so for today's me it's a
small meeting internal teaming small
small crap just things I've been
thinking about to implement every day in
my life but this is a setup you're ready
I keep looking down because it's new
camera and the screens at the bottom not
the top now so forgive me if I'm late
welcome to my vlog channel gnarly song
needs to set up right here let me break
it down for you right we got rules for
brainstorming there no dumb ideas think
way outside the box no judgement
nothing's off the table not always says
that no dreams just go we got a
whiteboard got the inspiration what
would beyonc√© do then you already know
I got some two things whenever you want
to brainstorm get some wine some
meditation from over here put it over
here it's gonna be a good time always
say this to people a team can only be as
good as their leader I mean this is most
humble way if you are surrounded by
people who are working with you and
you're partnering with and you're
collaborating with set an example by
leading by example know what's up so I
have all my ideas and down and printed
so I can have some faster orders going
on I can be like alright four stars
conversation but by let's kick it up a
notch y'all ready for this I'm gonna
take this next level adult
oh okay let's go here we go oh oh oh my
goodness gracious with clarity please
hold it like this digital disruptors
nice we got some bass baby baby baby dog
pick up your copy to see the front again
you want it's a POJO girl right there
boom boom boom boom boom pack alright
now we're gonna open some dope stuff I
came home to a house full of amazing
gifts I'm gonna open them in front you
right now we have from the CD knows that
oh this is easy Z Z you did that mantra
Lilly hope you enjoy yours dad CD
Montreal sneakers wear them well he
effin dope check this out no mr. suave
French break thank you so much just
because I pretty much knew shadows for
my girl Rho so if you don't know this
Rosanna pansino nerdy nummies released
her own baking line it's so effing cool
look at a candy melting pot got nerdy
nummies sprinkles up in here measuring
thing I'm gonna love this when he makes
literally everything chew adorable to
poop emoji cupcake the green almonds
candy molds are these days thanks Rob
make sure those reporters with my
sisters make sure you go do that because
we have a candy melting pot candy
Johnson
let me time it you got it you get it
because their name is candy candy pot
with Jenny beans we got some watermelon
something gummy bears
you got a Molly you know Kim I was going
to try my best to go to have a bunch of
working to get done but candy she also
has her own makeup line which I'm very
excited my friends do dope stuff we have
friends I do dope things hope you enjoy
a little sparkle from Stella and Dot
what are this real simple don't know
Oh mag - simple stuff on like that
simple stuff that's just like let me
handle extra sweat these yours are dope
those are thick
how would you wear these oh no I used to
tomorrow's cars door begins the oohs and
AHS men Theos enough you don't if you
don't know Casca say parts the most
exciting thing I came home to my girl
Selena hope Selena's can't send me this
sign bad liar poster which is so on
point because they also send me a whole
bunch of disks way got the fede shirt
you got - Selena Gomez roll sure Gomez
or go home up and destroy kill them with
kindness which is very fitting because
my parents are gonna react to Selena
Gomez's fetish from Monday's video on my
main channel youtube.com slash Lilly
Singh so make sure your dare is going be
free stuff how would you get me put your
clothes back on has headed a little bit
too much wine he's encouraging me not to
make a video even though I was gonna
kill my to-do list and I was very
productive in a very productive meeting
actually it was BOM Kampf is encouraging
me not to preach all the reasons why
mental health hmm sleep you have a very
important meeting in the morning that is
before double digits I think be better
fed your own money - it's gonna be my
parents reacting like we mentioned last
up to fetish I was gonna do it today but
I think I'm gonna do it on Monday and so
we're gonna miss the video upload oh my
god what the
we were productive in other ways it's
fine how'd you look meeting the wine was
good no I was really great like I was a
too talkative I think anyone we talk
about the mean huge is like oh they
passed away no no they passed away well
what kind of humor do you have you
psychopath passed away you know good
humor you
oh no something is not sociable we go
wide angles why it's so good to be back
of such a great meeting Michael I feel
super guilty for not doing the video
even though I did a billion other things
I have a really important meeting
tomorrow morning and some meeting that's
been like months and months in the
making I want to get good arrest before
it and be really prepped for it so I'm
gonna miss an upload date today I'm so
sorry I feel really bad about it
especially cuz there's no hustle so hard
I wasn't able to complete everything but
I'm gonna go through my emails and prep
for tomorrow's meeting give me the
points for that cool I'm gonna do before
I sleep and yo we just landed today so
I'm gonna give myself a little bit of a
pass I can't express to you over the
next few days how hard the hustles gotta
be we got a bank mad if in videos we
have so many meetings we're gonna do
some collapse it's gonna be a time so
the lesson is even if you don't get a
hundred percent of your stuff done in
one day that doesn't mean tomorrow you
don't go out at full force again because
right now I'm gonna do something for
sleep I'm not gonna feel bad about it
and tomorrow when I wake up I'm gonna
kill the game again because every day is
a challenge to get points and hustle
harder then yesterday next week in five
minutes all day everyday let it be a
lesson surfboard that moment where you
remember that you actually have lots of
things do before you sleep because
there's interview questions waiting on
my night table that I have to answer
before I go to bed and there's a very
important email waiting in my inbox of
things I have to approve BRB and send on
the interview questions give me the
points not for that other email finish
give me the points now it is 2 a.m. and
I really need to go to bed cuz I have to
wake about 7:30 let's see how we did
today
but thanks for joining us today pretty
good for having landed
taking a nap and doing a bunch of stuff
again I'm gonna be really apologetic but
not really seeing a video today but I'll
be hosting so so hard and you'll have
consistent video so when I go back to
Toronto and straight from Toronto I am
going to Kenya yeah I'm so excited about
I'll tell you more about it later but
I'll make sure I have videos bang for
y'all appreciate your patience and it's
gonna be hustle zone so yo let's get
some rest tomorrow we wake up we gonna
hustle real real hard and tell them if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe yo you know the drill you one
check my last vlog right over there my
main shot videos right over there if
you're not yet subscribed to my blog
channel subscribe it's free and stuff
and daily and stuff it's basically free
daily doses of awesome sauce and I mean
it sounds like a great deal in my
opinion so if you know a good deal click
subscribe and hit the bell to be
notified until tomorrow peace
