yeah it's always pleasant when my
morning start with nosebleeds bleeding
what's going on thank you coming back to
my blog challenge the hustlers gonna
continue to actually video my emails I'm
gonna try to see the movie today all
peeps are available I'll prep for Lille
live adjust tomorrow the cameras
slipping up a cream on my hands which by
the way if you're watching this today
today when he watches right now in a few
hours Lille live is happening on my main
channel there's information description
I'll be telling my childhood stories
call me is not back Fabi
in my room the fat me make your
best other face me go Smeagol hello
that's surprising reaction a
side-by-side comparison of Chi lands new
all right now just had breakfast time to
go glammed up for my video 3 and I am
ready I took on my braids because there
were beyond remedy and I think I kind of
like the vibes by the way every single
time you guys comment on my Instagram or
my youtube videos like that highlight is
poppin I've never once in my life put on
highlight I don't know how to put on
house I don't even I own how it it is
always sweat sweat and shine on my face
every time there's like that I like be
poppin I'm just like I'll take it home
so originally I was telling you how you
always think my highlight is so poppin
you know who's hiding is actually
popping the Queen I'm not even biessing
I swear to god I'm going to talk to my
teen books like for at least 10 hours
after you leave but right now Sharpie
was like so like I have an idea and
this'll last min and he pulled through
it in the bag yeah hey stranger I've
never met before can you come to my
house here's my address I know the fetal
areas like imagine you were not youtuber
like that's on so that's great price
insane we're insane I'm a stranger
random person
honestly the videos coming out when
you're watching this today so this video
has required me to put on the stick and
take my lipstick like a hundred times
and I'm so nervous doing it for the men
I'm like sweating I'm like he's watching
me do this but I don't know what I'm
doing that's a lie you so sweet to lie
but now he's about to brother no but
he's about to slay yes they're all come
through oh yeah come all the way through
yes oh yeah yeah so smooth
I must leave what still sick tonight I'm
gonna cut all that lipstick tonight it's
like Oh God
okay I'm obsessed with Manny I can't
trust you so last night I was writing
the smells like oh this is character and
I said Manny would be so good never met
never met DM him got his number two
kings day I was like yo ah this really
random but Morrow orange wanna cup such
short notice and he came he was a lovely
and whole there's I'm obsessed and not
just saying that it's a term of like I'm
obsessed Internet sign I'm actually like
obsessed I like him so much it's such a
good attitude and he's such a sweetheart
I like didn't want him to leave his
energy was so good as it can you just
stay forever and ever
what it is look at the inside of my
sweater its Ashoka the blanket I always
wear how dope is that number two I am on
my way to go see it I did a whole bunch
of work right now so give me the coin
okay but now that way though see it if
you don't know my relationship with it
flashback to video at a really young age
I developed a fear of spiders and clowns
and that is because my cousins forced me
to watch the movie it I'm not even
scared
traumatization when I was like 20 my
friends bought it for me and watch on TV
to your nose like I was not scary but
now they remade it the real thing oh my
god what freaking pissed my pants
I can't wait who's sitting beside me I
was just told from a reliable source
that the movie theater butter topping is
really a healthy for you
but you guys think I think there will be
it was good you came a contortionist
that money point so you got there was no
okay don't spoil it was brother at Ford
30 seconds there's no spider see which
I'm thrilled
really really good all right so just to
do alright I'm home I loved it it was
freaking so entertaining so so wonderful
I had such a good time and they got a
lot of work done today do my shoot did
all that yeah so I'm thinking yo I'm
about to hot the goddamn hot tub let go
it is hot my screen is fogging up it is
so goddamn hot in here hot tub makes
sense but that was so lovely and
necessary my favorite thing is coming
out the hot tub and not even feeling
cold blessed life la weather bleh hey
give me the points it's 124 yeah toons
game give us goddamn points I'm loving
it let's see how we did today
 that watches the Monday all that
means Lily live is happening today on my
channel my main channel link will be in
the description all that jazz is at 3:30
p.m. PST so a couple hours from now
stories from my childhood story time
with Lily all the stories want me tell
I'll tell them embarrassing one scary
ones doctor ones whatever the f you want
I will talk about also today's Monday so
to me the super Monday video collab with
Manny as you saw Spaceballs sneak peek
Kevin
sexy Rouge mmm sounds like a porno crown
girl French makes everything sound like
a porn TJ I don't think the big deal
about this lipstick is like it just
makes you want to climb on this table
and wrap my legs around you and bite
your lower lip until it hurts the hell
sorry sister you're barking up the wrong
tree
Oh Bobbie Cody's gonna be sick and tell
them if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe hello do you like to
hustle subscribe do you like positive
vibes subscribe
do you like straight teeth wrong channel
you like clear skin wrong channel okay
do you like funny jokes and half
Subscribe half subscribe but yo
subscribe if you haven't yet or you know
don't whatever
