but that would a t-shirt reference tank
top reference sleeveless clothing item
reference
good evening the time is 6 p.m. I woke
up an hour about 5 p.m. because you know
my schedule is upside-down flip sideways
and all that type of gesture is my first
day off in so long by that I mean a week
but possibly longer than that because
it's all about hustling even on the
weekend I'm feeling good today we got
exciting things every day is exciting
you know what you look at you to do this
and it just says like poo poo pee pee
you can still make an exciting here's
the mission for today's you obviously go
through my email send some emails that
is how professionals operate I'm taking
my two twin friends out for dinner
because I missed their birthday so we're
going to hang out I gotta do some script
writing I don't plan some clubs if I
come all that let's talk about videos
for a second I am officially out of the
zone where I have banked videos so for
monday and thursday is about going
old-school possibly that wall right
there tripod Amelie because there's no
more Bank video so we got a hustle for
the next couple of days I go back to LA
for five days we got a bank wait for it
six videos when I'm back in LA for five
days so obviously mathematics would
suggest that's more than one video day
but we'll figure it out for now let's go
through the inbox and just be like look
at my favorite restaurant Boston Pizza
which is basic as a parameter birthday
you guys know whatever you hold can
complain about it later what we go and
possibly my favorite restaurant Boston
Pizza I feel awkward when I love you
well it also so pretty this is so pretty
we have this thing when we were younger
as I grew up with modern mighty father
used to always take their gumbo which is
a new clever touches you just heard all
met me at always be like mother he's
pictured on me I'm going to beat the
crap out of you and she always is going
to run away and then I would beat the
crab that's our fondest memory sure
today she's riding me again with
dominoes like Komachi also almost told
me Game of Thrones spoilers because they
should remember the log onto coming
tally
she wanted one episode sue said which
was not that long but how long ago was
it like it was there is no that's who do
we call
well that's bad yeah she watched all of
Game of Thrones so that's what married
life is really like if you wanted
awesome married life is like and that is
actually depe so different you're the
wrong one
yeah chacha-chacha-chacha-chow his
itches itches extreme but sounds up crap
that shape my god as you guys should've
loved it you're my old is one of my
oldest friends right okay say sit down
BRB sure the significance is mighty this
is modest how long we been friends how
long we were friends
so we were friends first and then she
realize how cool I was and then we
became friends one word to describe
young really go no that's what we're get
okay isolated great I love it I love it
one word describes Alina nice cute
what's your funniest memory with me one
time we skipped school to go to the mall
like basically oh no story why we
skipped school to go to the malls were
on the bus feeling like hella cool of
your school learn Amol as I was at it
and then the next stop their older
sister gets on the bus and we're like
she said nothing as you walk past us and
they're like literally peeing their
pants your parents are so strict we're
dying I shouldn't say anything we
survived yeah how awkward you feeling
someone Chen right now I'm 0 mq 0 P
awkward yeah really really should much
Larina you go chill okay cool just good
do chuckles my face if you can zoom out
that'd be good okay who do you think is
a better friend to me - both of you -
me just let me tell you why okay yeah
here we go break it down better fellow
longer okay supporting some of your
events that taking part in three to four
days festivities rotating one thing
she's on what keyed up my buzzer
edge thank you very much as an adult you
win and get her when you let me win in
games at which game and I want to own it
you know what monopolies deal because
how you never be with other people I
wish you want all the times I did with
you and also just because you know I've
been your oldest friend okay cool that
sound like a really good job a picture
but I'll have to say that I am your
oldest friend not we interesting how and
like let me just make up some age I had
a good friend in their own way so we're
just kind of friends too yeah you know I
agree I think you're both great friends
not a competition not a competition
model what's going on with the time is
1:30 a.m. had a great time spending time
with mother with my T my oldest friends
and it was just so spending so nice so
now we're gonna do a little bit of work
before I go to bed because I said I was
going to do work and also tomorrow I
gotta wake up early because I'm going to
Elmer's house so let's do some work also
I just cleared my inbox give me the
points can we just have a moment of real
talk for a sec you know I like to do a
real talk with you alright I'm not going
to get specific about anything you can
assume whatever you want to soon sighs
we'll talk about something real quick
around like every once in a while on
Twitter there will be these hashtags
like so once always over parties why am
I never in freakin focus never just why
not look like a face to look at the but
anyway do it again mom there's always be
sowing souls over and I loves all these
trends on Twitter like these phases of
people being like this youtubers bad
because it's also this youtubers trash
and this youtubers content is that this
is true everyone creates different
content for a different audience red
phone going from me right now I'll put
you on silent short the blood clot okay
the planning trying to make it we need
to remember to promote what you love
don't bash you hey and the reason I'm
saying is because then a lot of creators
out there that make super positive
thought evoking content not everyone of
the world's going to like that content
if you do you know how you can help us
share that ish give that it should
compel comment on this
subscribe to them because yes there's a
world of youtubers that maybe I don't
really vie with because they do promote
things that I don't think are the best
for kids to see but guess what they have
an audience which means that clearly
someone likes that sup and Who am I to
judge saying what's right and wrong to
like everyone has different opinion and
different tastes but if you personally
believe that people should really see
this awesome type of content whatever is
from a creator share that share that I
just like there's so many underrated
creators on YouTube platform I'm just
like how do you not get more of you
that's not always about view the numbers
granted but it's also just like instead
of complaining about all the content we
don't like promote all the people
content you do like your to me put them
on and I said I'm also going to lead by
example and do it there's a lot of
creators where I'm sorry oh you're such
a so dope and I wish more people saw it
which means I'm just going to share it
well what you love don't bash it you
hate that's my two cents right there
Moon clan rambling group working on it
you know right now it's so beast it's
going to be paragraphs there's going to
be bullet points isn't it bold
underlined different colors I don't
think I can do it it's friggin it's 2
a.m. right now I kind of want to sleep I
don't think I could of course I'm gonna
do it no why no make excuses we just
bought the a spot so BRB I'll be back to
collect my points just now well I'm not
going alive today was not a very
productive day I did the dinner I did
the email that did a lot of work I sent
the email I did all things otherwise it
wasn't variable doctor because I'm
welcome to 5 p.m. because my schedule is
AEL but I'm gonna go to bed regardless
because I gotta wake up early tomorrow
to head to UM er causing some butt-ugly
I'll explain what er all tomorrow let's
see how we did today
let's tuck well early I don't even know
one we call this law I don't know
anything about this vlog nothing
happened in this law by yo homegirl
needed some sleep I just sent is about
the revamp of the vlog challenge I'm so
excited when I keep talking about
blending in unless I know you don't know
about it but soon food I promise until
then did you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe yeah what kpop and
languor there bla bla bla bla bla bla
are you okay pop that if you are
checking my last vlog where I reacted
I'm right over there last main Channel
video right over there I'm officially
done all my bank videos so we won't have
to make some magic happen in this room
make sure you stay with me because the
grind and the hustle don't stop except
for right now I'm going to bed bye
