work hard play hard today we're going to
earn the playing card good morning
I fell asleep last night who would have
thought that someone drugged my drink I
swear the way I fell asleep was like and
then I just knocked up fell asleep on my
laptop if you watch us is love no exact
room talking about I was so so tired but
I was stuck for like 8 9 10 hours and I
feel rejuvenated to kill the day and
hustle hard why I'm gonna tell you why
because here's the missions you just
gotta work on a whole bunch of things
for a whole bunch of secret things so
just to go through my emails plan some
video shoots that a man can get pedicure
might see personal but it's kind of work
as well because y'all it's offensive
what's happening on my nails I was of a
call about a collab concert and I'm
going to be the most basic ho
gettin tipsy at that concert so we got
to earn that by working hard first let's
go oh my good way to cool the office
yeah let me just just slide my way
I just finished working on some secret
things Ygritte things that I'm not
telling you about but I'm putting in
work area and the rapper cuz I got mad
flow ain't rhyming cuz I am a hole okay
so these little things inside the lily
flowers stain and dye everything they
touch so I picked them all yesterday
because it was falling broke up
everything and look at my sink now why
why why why people call me curry head
cuz there's curry everywhere mmm yeah
we've seen a lot of confusion on the
interwebs oh boy cry let's set them
straight let them know what whoo what's
your name tell them your name my name is
Kyle clean it is quality damn what you
got a thing we've been seeing lots of
tweets about this mag tweets about me
your girl is play listing on Apple music
claim your girl and we've been seeing a
lot of confusion confusion and we are
here to announce that tell them that
Apple music is on Android tell them how
tell them how what are your app store
search Apple music and you just download
it now no no now you know you
I have place on Apple music bar small
she did that back in our boss all you
Android people are you have Apple music
to your panties just run an iron over
them just calm them that ass down let me
show you this funny picture this is from
our trip at Universal this ride that
y'all can you just move in this with the
ride fed up this is actual footage
absolutely ridiculous Wow and then
there's this one from The Simpsons right
we thought Kyle was just pretending to
do that or no this is actually what Kyle
was doing on the ride because Bob I had
one drink one drink Jaime's wedding
shower now you're grateful for Comic Con
so you know I can't go see my baby girls
with my booty not being seen okay I get
everything on point right now just in
case you know Lauren wants to pull me on
stage if you want the bus of wine and
Frank man good you know I'm did that
connected just playing you know I'm
chill I'm sure but just in case
wants me to bend over in front of her
like I could if she want if she was she
want me just putting it out there
bachchi give me some minor points not
too many that's not too much of a task
but a little bit I get a pedicure
manicure now you might be wondering what
the sbox was to hustle harder sometimes
your issue so ratchet and broke up that
that counts as work getting a manicure
and pedicure right now every brand I
work with every person my team's gonna
be like thank the good Lord that these
nails are no longer be crusty so if
anything this is top of the priority
list of the hustle first of all my
manicure pedicures got canceled so y'all
gonna have to deal with the crusty dish
Chuck but another news dimension I want
to get them a gift cuz you know I really
support them on their album is fire it's
fire you know I love me strong women who
empower other women so I got this gift
this champagne bottle that decked up I
have eight it's dope dude it's dope as
hell if the colors of their album do the
damn thing we like congratulations on
that voice on that face and on them for
booties that's right if you're of age
I'm gonna tell everybody I could drink
it whatever here you step thought that
counts really more than anything else
all right just a whole bunch of video
planning kill the game now get ready and
I'm ready
it is hop somewhere we're looking below
your sleep there and no pants just like
a sweater dress type of thing with some
kicks oh all right
here we go
excuse me attendant I was wondering if
you could fill me up - Kyle is wearing
camo if we take a moment you turn around
you look so hot you've been daddy you
can you be my baby daddy can you have my
first one you know okay can you get when
you were thirsty ho right here
oh my god when we out here all trying to
wipe it Carmy all of us you trying to
wipe everyone said let me just change my
legs today they're not aware yesterday
Kyle's wearing camo today we are here
just trying to get wide
we're literally like the stages right
there the quacks real backstage booking
a grown-up
I need some air horns and
when the show was lit also went
backstage came and have a minor in the
congresswoman's party moment obviously
Matt my girl crush Lauren I just as soon
as I was like I love you thank you for
existing I adore you and I had a really
good like genuine heart-to-heart
conversation with Ali and dinah dinah
actually I mean we're like text friends
I'm used to that event so first time got
to like chill and have a conversation
she's a freaking sweetheart she's a
really really good person so they did
sulfonyl Dinah's sick and she killed it
didn't even sound remotely sick like she
didn't sound sick at all she had called
her so so good they're so good I was
bucking down and those girls are just
fifth harmony got my support just can't
obviously we got our priorities in order
all right we about to watch this F that
movie pray for us Lord in Jesus and
everyone thank you literally probably
one of the worst movies I've received my
life my entire life is 135th humming hi
she loves comedy as well she has these
characters I'm like y'all boy I'd be one
of my video so we don't try make it
happen lick strong females I love and
they love the bottle as well I love it
so much you know today was a necessary
day in so many ways I love where to
concerts because I find them so
inspirational I see all people i see the
music I'm like I love this but I want to
do this I also love being around strong
females and I also did a great amount of
seeker work I couldn't tell you about
all so perfect mount of leisure so I'm
feeling good Friday night tomorrow is
Saturday my schedules kind of clear for
spreading in other words kill it
tomorrow with a lot of house stuff can
we put doctor but for today let's see
how we did
quickly when you appreciate people and
people inspire you we respect them let
them know let them know I think people
get confused when I do things like rent
about fifth harmony or Selena Gomez or
some of my friends or like some of the
people on me it's because when I meet
someone they inspire me I'm a big
believer of paying that energy forward
people who have impacted me in whatever
way I want them to know because so many
things go unsaid I feel that way so when
you respect someone you appreciate
someone say it let them know make a
gesture communication is a beautiful
thing if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it on the
list for tomorrow clear out my garage so
I can start making some dance video it's
like I'm bustle wine and there cuz right
now my car's in the middle there's not
enough space
I got cured that ish get this booty
poppin get this booty twerking get these
flaps poppin but for real I need to
clear that dance schedule stay tuned for
that it's gonna be live
