welcome to the new vlog format although
a lot of things got changed my schedule
for today and tomorrow today's level is
still gonna be very hard but that's okay
you know what because this is releasing
blog what we hustle harder and
productivity lives here let me tell you
the mission for today you either do ADR
for Fahrenheit 451 then I gotta practice
for my audition do the audition dance
I'm soca music dance and Bhangra go
through my inbox and not die where my I
comes at you that's right you get to now
track my tasks my bonus points and how
much water I drink because if I'm gonna
do this I might as well be hydrated
let's go
there's one little details well I'd be
lying if I said I didn't feel like
throwing up because I'm so nervous but
yo we're gonna meditate again a positive
space more to come quantico's happy
chaos day happy chaos today may the
force be with you my friend made odds be
ever in your favor
my eatin bread today I'm hoping to get
as my friend addict will leave you on
Wednesday I'm gonna have to listen to so
go the whole way because it gets me in
the mood okay
when you pull up to the lot and they're
like oh HBO has an s square for you when
a treat your girl right that deserve
some bonus points you're saying so Kyle
you're actually gonna see Fahrenheit 451
- why I am I want to puke that makes me
want to puke
when Bay doesn't want you in her
recording session I'm not that good at
80 yards really hard to do what remain
the director is so cool we're skyping
him so give me points all right so we
exit the lot returning to the line now
we have two hours until my audition
today is just too much but it's okay I'm
gonna make it happen here's the
important thing don't just survive
conquer just do it so you're like oh
it's done do and be like I did the best
I could do
that's what we try to do out here we're
gonna do the best we can do on some
fries right now on some frigging parking
with us on the car
you know you gotta dance later on okay
just practice in the car for another
hour time to the audition it's important
to remember that this could be the make
we're not the brake nothing's gonna
break never go in there try my best and
as long as I walk out having learned
something new its success and that's
what we gonna do sitting outside again
really well I tried my best I was really
confident with the line
I was Ty Cobb every person that
auditions it's got a room like that one
cuz they're so nice and so comforting
but I really thought I did it I kept
cool I meditated and now it's time to
start a whole new stress and drive to
effing do this video Monday and I'm not
there and it's burning my silver I wish
my baby Masha all the best ones assume
in a few days but we're gonna sing live
from this dope solar radio on the
internet right now braids up done you
mental points
looks pretty good to me this is what
anxiety looks like sweating everywhere
we do a quick break and then we're gonna
do some soap but you guys mean this I'm
rap guys she's gonna think you haven't
seen it but I'm drinking at least one
and a half balls and watch the game boys
well I won't cable on to the song when I
just block the suffering just block in
the shut up just killed it first of all
can we take a moment how lucky and
honored am I sure know how lucky oh my
god are you kidding I must sell my
shoulder and eBay after this came
through last minute I'm messaging sauce
what you a Monday you bring dancers you
did you a dance
can you guys come to King's doing killed
it girl this dolphin this one right he
don't even get me started on this all
these people killed it videos coming out
Thursday with this fine piece on mate
right he'll look okay so the line is
gonna be you hit the music we go from
the keyboard to Carl you're gonna say
wait aren't you up on your dancing and
action action action wait aren't you a
buck
go to the got a bra
action
wait aren't you the bunker dancer wait
aren't you a bunker longer dancer say it
aren't you a bunker dancer idiot okay
one more time for camera that's what are
you doing yeah a little bit but I just
wanted you could say normally first okay
ready and action
wait aren't you a bunker that's a
martinis up martini means a drink that
I'm about to have but also last shot I
live it have a giddy
I thought you said you was tired oh I am
but never dae-ho never sleeps after the
shot is done I need to the hostess
cupcakes
stat I've been healthy for three days I
need two hostess cupcakes too
great job great job great job great job
great job great job God the love if you
are team super member located in China
dance is a PSI my health during Carnival
I know they're talking all yours stairs
are so hard right now my legs hurt so
damn much drank some more water
give me more points today we did
something let's see how we did May
you
