if you were a fruit you'd be a fine
apple what a t-shirt reference what's
going on under morning good afternoon
good evening wherever you are I disagree
shower which we know feeling fresh and I
lost like 10 pounds of dirt and sweat
and drool because I woke up but we have
exciting day ahead of us Merkel I woke
up to it a little bit like oh my god it
was rating and the weather was bad and I
had talked with myself I've been having
a lot of talks with myself I don't know
why you got to act like this in front of
them I just said I have so many Kasich
you are seeing on sweet things about you
that's why I like about you spiking on
the outside what you sweet on the inside
there never lie on top of myself being a
job is matter with the weather it
doesn't matter if you miss LA it doesn't
matter what the condition doesn't just
shut the F up I punked myself i
straight-up Punk myself all through the
people in the room they were like that
there was no one else there was me by
told me my spirit was like because I
would go stop being a little punk woman
up doesn't matter if you miss whatever
does matter that situation the idea
doesn't matter if your stresses matter
if your nerves shut the f up get up go
take a shower and own this issue so
that's what I'm going to do today here's
the mission you we gotta shoot very soon
prepare a knife or if you want gotta go
through a gang email guys send a gang
emails every off for my hat today I'm
gonna do some script writing and I've
decided based on Oliver Clement y'all
will let me live and I thought I might
we'll do it I'm gonna react to some
k-pop and my Bloomberg's quitter why are
you so I wanted to talk to so I think
it's just a lot keeping the YouTube
generalize doing this shoot not having
my team here in terms of like my crew
and all stuff I still don't have to
video for next week citing to figure
those out you already know the weather
is a huge issue for me already know this
environment is hard for me because a lot
of thing even though I don't share
everything in a vlog a lot of things
going on in here and here God knows I'm
trying but thank god you're here I'll
see you're like the peanut to my colada
alright so this is a Kinder Surprise
this is not an ad at Kinder Surprise
getting action really like a surprise uf
I'm f rewind
don't ask Kinder Surprise because it's
just a chocolate I guess I mean
chocolate is pretty no no we're standing
by Dona have kinder surprise but these
are actually banned in America
been told I don't know that the factory
I don't recall ever seeing in America
but in Canada the thing it's kinder
surprise chocolate egg you crack open as
a little toy or an effort to never let
the child inside me die I've decided to
do a little thing every day whether I
blogged or not I tried to something that
was like y'all you're still a kid
alright you ready the chocolate is so
good the toy is just bumping everything
this is gonna strike whoa aah you crack
it open there's an egg inside those you
that are familiar with kids trying to
probably like order order of everyone
else you should be amazed in chocolate
so good more like really favorite
because it's so good you still enjoy it
you know oh my god or not I do bartender
supplies for myself no way laughter look
the hell is that what is a stupid or a
little key ring thingies and you put
your keys on them the hell the point is
the chocolates really good
there's several hours later but I have
such a migraine I had to put my hair up
and change it so hot and we'll be quiet
no make any noise because I have a
migraine or any quiet so I can go shoot
this movie right now
wendy is over energy
damn damn oh no I need to add move
all right I said any spare time I have
we're gonna do some work so it's hard to
do so fork
okay wait this isn't make sense I don't
need this crap stop move yo can I just
tell you the video for tomorrow
super doesn't video okay today when
you're watching today I love it like
it's something pretty different and I'm
nervous to release it but I'm excited
was a cute skit and back I'll show you
little sneak peeks into the blog fence
what's all this what what now what what
what this is we're all here what now
when your question is a free country
okay okay stay tuned is dropping of this
channel in just a few hours let them
know the vlog channel sent you I'm
trying something new because I did a
poll on my community tab on YouTube our
main channel is ik where do you want to
see bloopers when such a debate I said
number one you want to see the moment
number two you want see double evolve
him number three do you want to save at
the end of May teller video number four
do not watch bloopers in other words
your gum are you um are you I am I am
and people voted the people have spoken
spoke and the answer was at the end of
main channel videos at the end of the
main time of the others if you boobers
before the end card let me know your
thoughts on that I may eat some lunch
now at Sanders at 12:30 a.m. this is
just a public service announcement very
crucial everyone stop what you to do is
I just blocked someone on Twitter why
i'ma give you a few oxygen because they
call me a
no because they made fun of my mom no
because we were leaving hate comments
yeah because I told me some Game of
Thrones spoilers
yeah I'm legit block someone I don't
even read the twice other saying this is
what happened was like hell whatever no
Asian urban hacks was episodes that have
been leaked
tense I don't even come near me don't
even be in my vicinity would be spoilers
cuz I'm gonna watch the episode when
they're intended to be watch little step
to me we get am blocked and removed we
can extend to getting cancelled with the
T at the end okay it is not a game this
is not monopoly this is not Family Feud
this is not the game we're like this is
not anything your only game you're gonna
be playing as sorry because this is not
trying to give me the spoiler foil your
damn children spoil your nephew what
don't thank you thank you thank you
otherwise have a fantastic day please I
just really I hope everything else going
Grampy but don't step to me
6:45 a.m. and I just got home and those
weird shadow on my face from the sunrise
a few things I want to tell you number
one I'm not going to react to kpop today
let me explain why don't don'tdon't
buddy shoot again
I said don't shoot I'm not going to
react to the cream for sleeping and I
know if I watch kpop I mean burger
because it's always so cool so I want to
react properly so I will do it in
tomorrow's vlog so over today for you
kpop fan oh you need the chance to
comment below and let me know what I
should react to which songs which
artists should I react to in tomorrow's
vlog so stay tuned for that number two
is I am going to go to sleep soon but
first I have to wash my hair and I saw
the send a few emails I'm estimating a
time of like 7:30 a.m. maybe but fun
because of owl mode it's fine hundred
you and I I'm going to wash my hair Gary
hi 7:15 a.m. my hair is washed I'm going
to jump in bed go through my inbox I
don't want to go through my inbox but I
haven't ended like a day or two and it's
piling up so I need to do a course we
call time tomorrow and people come is
six so I'm probably going to sleep and
then wake up at like 4:00 p.m. or
something like that
but yeah it's gonna be a layup we're
over working hard stepping out of our
comfort zone one day at a time I'm so
glad you're on this journey with me
comment below kpop stuff aside from that
task let's see how we did
Tyler Lee thanks for joining me on today
another thing you'll I realized that any
time I spare time now something I do is
I keep responding to comments my YouTube
comments
they usually respond on Twitter and
stuff my main child YouTube comments I
find myself every day since I posted my
new video I've responded like two times
a day to a gang of comments so comment
below my videos because I want to hear
from you I want to hear your feedback I
want your thoughts and opinions and all
that jazz so I'll go ahead and do that
i'ma go to my emails and go to bed until
tomorrow if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
