what's going on to be super good morning
good afternoon good evening where
everyone welcome back to Lilly Singh
cause really I saw her every single day
I am back from Kenya it was amazing I
will tell you all about it throughout
this vlog I'm so happy to be back we
won't jump right into it because no
brake zone no brake zone here's the
mission for today number one do not fall
asleep that jet-lagged oh I have a shoot
for the entire day horn is a monster of
a shoot I've got to make sure my inbox
is clear I also cleared last night
because you open all my packages on the
day with some hot tub loving makeup did
hair kind of did pimple on my face let's
go with some breakfast
by the way yesterday I didn't vlog even
though I landed yesterday you know why
then blog you know why they love because
you suck at it
besides that okay it's because I got put
in the special colored people's room in
the airport not having my green card
even though my green cards approved in
heaven with me cuz landing at my house
and I was not in my house
receive it special room for one hour I
was in the airport jail it was great
that was this news are we so hard to
shoot but it's also could have my dog
grow here and they don't kill in the
game we just take a moment but I wrote
that myself
I didn't myself okay
outfit one transfer student of Brazil
one perverted sound guy like me Michael
Keaton all gonna make you like me yeah
put on my pocket do oh yeah oh yeah
how's over there sitting on the floor
like this I notice how you jumbo ha
buddy gun me Tony you like my booty she
I do
Lily how's that bike going i watch your
favorite thing about working with me the
check I don't pay too much what did you
say nada I like the part that comes off
without the feeling better you like the
cookie in the Oreo better than the cream
that's correct said no one ever was
wrong with you I'm a unique Yuma man
with a personality clash maybe the cream
in the cream enjoy oh that means we can
eat Oreos together all the time and be
happy ever after
I see
so please dementia has to be like first
like mediocre yeah and then right yeah
let me know can you mute it okay
let me stick but I have to be the guy
hey guys for focus we need you to do it
again come on when you do five situps
for your video 11:22 we're not done
shooting we're headed to to Rio 71
because they the old geezo let me shoot
there all the time is every dope it's a
long difficult video to shoot me yo only
the best for team super you know what
14 pages of a script not that bad almost
3:00 a.m. good Lily cut this part off
Tony how much of this little firm I did
a squat I did once lot appreciate ya
because I drop something to pick it up
Oh Frick weird how'd they get this
picture up Kyle from this live footage
of Kyle from oh you missed the elevators
over here a tweet and I already got to
make all Kyle's for another treat we're
gonna per say there's two I got two
packages while I was away number one is
there no inside this Kyle or did it come
with a note there's no no it's not coach
which I'm just like who dances this big
so let's see what's popping huh I have a
feeling right now I want to pick myself
up nosey I want to get into a fight just
hold on cuz right now I'm like oh we're
right on the right here I'm right here
baby
Oh Lily I think you weren't gonna have
this little creation of my words can
describe how much I appreciate you go
miss Lily as if you weren't gonna have
his little creation of what I'm wearing
okay just kind of like write a version
up ja you is underlined twice so let me
read it house you probably was thinking
it okay as if you weren't gonna have
this little creation of mine where's Ken
describe how much I appreciate you know
in the last tense there's no one oh my
god it's gonna be a red fabulous bag
that he designed it cannot even do oh my
god oh my god oh this is my first nice
purse of my entire life like an entire
life it says let's delete on it
No
oh my God thank you so much the girls
are so sweet
the second gift is from my other girl oh
my gosh so love Stephanie man she
actually told me about this the last
time I was hanging with her
it is a WWE female fashion superstar
line of dolls just so cool you're my
girls Nikki and Brie are all been there
without sacrifice that you find Italia
so don't Stephanie thank you so much
gonna read you one sentence in the same
it says the WB women's evolution is all
about equality and empowering girls and
women to be whoever they want to be
without any limitations the girl of
hashtag girl Stephanie you are dope this
is awesome Stephanie shot a lot of dope
stuff for WWE like just in terms of
diversity of all types o M B P alright
I've calmed down a little bit all
comedic fangirl man was a side to women
I admire so greatly it's deafening and
obviously Selena I think it's so
wonderful and just so sweet that they
sent me games appreciate you thinking of
me and you know girl I got your back
speaking of Ricky you everywhere girl
you ever pimples popping off left right
and center up in this joint and I tour
bag is like past three I might be up I
ate something sleep where are you are
you under you sleep I can't can't find
you are you in here I just know okay got
my period can't go in the hot tub whoa
go check my emails for I go to sleep
give me the points but yes for now let's
see how we did today
don't stop with literally your screen on
my camera has it been like this the
whole time that's mine you don't get
that foundation right there decked on
everything I'm so excited to be back I
make sure I'll tell you Kenya story's
not gonna make a huge vlog about it at
all the play stories shortly be shortly
shortly until tomorrow if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe first
interesting story about Kenya and this
is like super for me not think about it
but yo people there say hakuna matata
but I'm nervous in the Lion King why
because that's how they legit say no
worries it boggles my mind
in their everyday language they say
Hakuna Matata
if that doesn't make your day I don't
know what will
