today's our last day together
good morning last day for a week is the
last vlog before I leave for Kenya
tomorrow morning when you're watching
this I would have already been on a
plane on my way there I'm so excited to
turn off for a week admittedly I'm gonna
miss you but also I'm just like excited
to see the girls again sad to see the
giraffes again the hello ballpark of
mrs. take apart the message or not they
have a pocket miss a pose that I see in
the mirror every day anyways
self-deprecating humor zing here's the
mission for today mommy go get two
tattoos I gotta make sure one box is
cleared I got a pack for Kenya gotta
make sure I work shit it to do this
before I go to Kenya send my team an
email by everything babies do live in
Kenya outside smile that yo it's about
to be a little daylight go get daddy
there are all those times I'm like all
my skin's doing so well it must be all
the water I don't drink look BAM baby
that pimples pop this morning this one
karma right from going to Kenya
none of the zebras will date me god damn
and you know I like mixed-race people
alright I'm about to get two tattoos
humble one of my face right here pink
and then one just like right here
seventeen out down
I'm kidding one of my angle one on my
hand let's do it raise it up know how to
be about keep climbing stairs you ready
for this no flinch zone
blew the ninja they're gonna go in the
middle DJ okay
no this is for you explain this more
after point of this is that you do
things it's important to remember to do
things in service of others and yourself
but to always give a helping hand to a
heart me and I will talk with
yesterday's when the best things I've
done in my life are not like numbers are
not those types of milestones they're
helping people with the helping end so
reminders you know like this I have to
mentally be able to get the petty rules
make me look good oh yeah of course pain
is real the larvas man oh so you just
what do you do get some tips I focus on
one thing and I repeatedly tell myself
that you were about this same time say
it hurts okay
they're about these things I'm just
focusing on one thing and I also put the
purpose somewhere else like I like
fender I like by all over just like this
place a little bit how I shoot before
tonality or so I write two scoops a day
celebratory tattoo Neil oh look at that
fine thank you
I don't know what I'm seeing you next
because of way to Kenya and then I'm
going back to LA and I don't know what
you're ever going back can I not because
I'm not gonna see you alright
on this night Thomas is not good for
even around I probably promise promise
promise you know we're just talk about
something in relation to my birthday I
know the Streamy awards are on my
birthday that is annoying to me but I
want to say I'm nominated for four
categories so grateful I'm just gonna
really blood guys any award that is fan
voted hear me when I say I don't care
about it I don't want to win an award
his fan voted I think that is really
whack when they make everyone's fans
start like voting honor comes it don't
vote for me if you're creative the year
I don't care to win an award that you
wouldn't like that I'm sorry that's what
does that mean I don't think that's mean
at all I think it's you're letting them
know not to spend energy on something
that's not yeah I do I rallies for like
rafiki's my channel even like I don't
care what this whole fan voting award
situation so please don't waste your
time on it I don't care yeah I thought
look at me I don't doesn't mean anything
to me to win a fan voted or I don't you
know what she already wins knowing that
you guys are so willing to put in all
that energy yeah like this many more
days don't know I don't know in the
future any fan voted award to me that's
not a real I want to say real war but
it's kind of a real winner for the fan
voted awards is whatever organization is
making you go honey
home was birthday card to me is a monkey
with wine and yellow okay and it says
happy birthday just someone who was
highly evolved thanks humble I love that
guy why he came with me I'm like so
nervous get tattoos if he's not there
positioning is everything with tattoos
but really how they turned out now I'm
mad he won't screw some laundry to pack
because Kenya's only a few hours away I
hope your tears are the wrong way about
their work I know you didn't because you
oh please but it's true man and the
words must be a recognition of like yo
you did something outstanding to deserve
this not like who came
drive their audience to vote the most or
who's audience is willing to sit by
their computer for this many hours so
it's not a real award and I don't want
to have you guys waste your time with
that and I don't want my success to be
determined by that you've got other
things going on and so right now
done give me the points all right before
I cover these of advantages boom that's
one service to others remember helping
people in a loving helping hand is by
far the best thing you can offer the
world and second boom missing the little
bit about solving because of where it is
gonna hurt a little bit more it was cool
with my shoes on and my socks are just
picked up just a little bit this right
here is a scab nor that but this is a
staircase from how to be a boss the
meaning behind the staircase is that as
I get larger my career gonna get bigger
bigger there's always the temptation to
stop working hard it's like oh everyone
on this side has treated me so well I'm
like yeah I can do it no keep climbing
and don't ever feel entitled you gotta
take the stairs pretty much done packing
for Kenya time is 10:30 I'm probably
gonna sleep soon we have to leave for
the airport at 4:45 a.m. so my get much
sleep anyways and I wash my face unwind
a little bit and it's kicking in there
I'm gonna miss you miss could be a week
unnecessary week of just like living in
the moment and it'll be great because
distance brings people closer and in a
week when I see you in a week to the
vlog Channel the house will continue
let's go wash my face when violets I
mean you're gonna come help me so get
this I've got a notification saying my
flight has been canceled my first part
of the flight okay don't freak out hold
on alright so I'm at Banda's vlog on a
cliffhanger because I'm tired I don't
have a flight right now the team is
figuring it out it's either gonna be
later tomorrow or we're gonna try to
fight Air Canada dudes around the same
time clearly I don't wash up all my
makeup but yo I will see you in a week
if I make it to Kenya stay tuned to my
social stuff I know cliffhanger let's
see how we did today
you
oh hey yo let's take a Rico's officeclip
both let's take a week to just collect
ourselves and what's each other in a
week and when I seen wait me to make out
with your face your epic face thank you
for all the love in my new video it was
school should really teach you the link
is in the description will also be in
the end card and even though I'm going
to Kenyan Lupino vlogs for a week main
channel will still be popping I bank
those uploads so you know what's up
until a week from now I will miss you if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe also you know I don't know if
I mentioned this in a vlog before maybe
I didn't I just forgot but the Air
Canada Centre which is like a stadium in
Toronto is being renamed to the
Scotiabank beer or Scotiabank Center or
something doesn't even matter the point
is that what we called air care anymore
and usually I'd be in the car but it's
the city but air canada karma ain't it a
bang though
