that's what one of these is one of these
days I'm gonna wake up in the mornings
good afternoon
I tried to go to bed early last night
and I could not fall asleep for hours
and hours and hours and everybody today
I was about 1:30 p.m. but that's okay
because it's a very productive day
here's the mission for today first hit
puberty done for today
I have a meeting with norm Kelly the
city councillor for Toronto with hum
what we're gonna do that then I gotta
head to the store to buy some stuff for
my Kenyan Shipka stores and closed
tomorrow
I gotta go through some emails write
some scripts and I have to record
renting those are not options those have
to happen aside from all that yo I'm
heading to Kenya Tuesday morning which
is one day from now and I wanted just
like last time when I went right I was
so what do I ask what do I stay what can
I do this time I'm gonna prepare let me
prepared to give back to most extent
I'll so I'd be lying if I said the last
clip I didn't spit all over you looser
ageist chance your question no I don't
have a rented car this time I'm using my
dad's Jeep which is a little large for
my liking
that's not what she said I make the
whole city's gonna drive downtown to
alleviate my downtown driving anxiety
they go we out here Tim heart is in my
heart then you ever know one foreign
people come in here visit Tim Hortons
and they'd understand how wrong that is
yeah it's Tim's or Timmy's or feeling
cooler you can say Tim use Timmy oh man
City your house for the iced coffee
bottled water Tim Hortons
yo yo y'all had a great meeting with
Norma no no no I'm Kelly is boom that's
a picture he's an OG from Scarborough
basically when drinking Meek Mill had
beef you treated up to Meek Mill be like
you're not welcome and since then he's
been a legend in Toronto he's so damn
coach follow me on Twitter his jokes now
I'm heading home so I had to cut the
last step short my red light turned
green at the mall now cuz I realized I
have to buy a few things for Kenya
Tuesday morning some granola bars some
face wash maybe some sweaters that
impacted that many and I know I'm gonna
land there and be like BRR it's cold in
here
there must be some Toros in the
atmosphere Norris from we gonna be
friends coming below let's go buy some
granola bars I know what you're thinking
it is lit up
this love channel I know everybody
else's vlogs but like y'all this tracks
yo effin breaking things let's not wear
NOLA bars and face wash yet on my level
da real everyday things that you could
probably relate to I got nothing I
chickened out came back with I realizing
mr. more on day is the last day before
back to school because tomorrow's a
holiday so the balls rammed full of
people and I have like minor anxiety
when I'm gonna really public areas that
because I'm concerned about my safety
which is because I get awkward if so
many people recognize me and I know
sounds like a super personal problem but
is it a large times if someone comes up
to me I'm not as awkward but then if
people start following me and I can hear
people talking about me and whispering
about me sometimes people will come up
to me what they won't say anything that
you like and I'm like I don't know how
to react to the situation really awkward
so I I just actually just dropped
whatever I was gonna buy and just ran
out a gas station by there's just so
many people in that mall right now I
cannot even express to you how many
humans are is like VidCon up in that
mother F er right now
nope a Shoppers Drug Mart I think I can
get everything from here wish me luck
the RV I'm sorry if you're in them all
when you saw me you saw me like renting
out I just a little bit too much for me
to handle so I obviously you know if
I've ever the opportunity is appropriate
to meet you I will but how am i human
you know so we go try to learn in either
the Shoppers Drug Mart watch me lock BRB
got my face wash got some schools got
some Clif bars even got some moisturizer
got some gum and killing the gay guy
welcome to Lilly Singh blog hustle
harder doing realistic Chang's y'all
Mike Ross will see it on the way here
almost died but yo it's late what's
going on so I'm back home I gotta finish
reading this rant and then record it I
don't know what I'm gonna do at home my
lights here and Suns going down so the
Lighting's gonna have to be fixed and
both do it in post
do it in post anyways tomorrow by the
way I'm getting two tattoos not gonna
tell you what they are
stay tuned for tomorrow's blog but I had
this really great idea yesterday I was
just sitting down and I was thinking I
was like what can I do in my life just
to make a few people happy you know
something with all the people in my life
all people have met what I could do so I
messaged some people did something then
I came across one thing where I was like
oh this I gotta do so for those of you
that don't know team super India's name
is a Russia and she's been a supporter
for a really really really long time
come to so many of my shows in India and
last time I had a shown India she came
we hung up she recently moved to New
York and I know she's been really really
nervous about and everyone online like
hey like say something to her what sure
was though so I know how scary it is to
move to a new place because I moved from
Toronto to LA and I remember how
horrifying it wasn't was like oh my god
I'm alone but I also know who she really
is not only a fan of mine but it's a
really big fan of jeana's so are you
ready for this hold on I texted Jeana
and she was sick but she still did this
for me now I'm about to tweet it Lily
just hit me up and let me know that you
are on your way into a remarkable
journey to New York City and as someone
who's with their and someone who's
taking risks yeah and this is just a way
of saying yo sometimes it's a little
effort and energy to make someone's day
and there's always someone around you
whose day you can make and we should all
be in service to others and in service
to ourselves so Russia one of my
longtime fans thank you so much for all
the support and everything I do you've
always had my back
I appreciate it this is my way of saying
thank you so enjoy and go to New York
girls
yo remember when I said I was gonna
reruns outfit well it's what the exact
outfit but I'm kind of already wearing
it I finished writing my rent and now
I'm gonna record it downstairs in the og
room let me show you remember this room
yeah you do it's not the green wall it's
covered but I'm gonna shoot right here
it's the frame let me show you what I'm
thinking
I'm thinking like you know this frame
right here little bit the video game a
little bit of the posters and things
let's go get this right I just record
this video it's hella long it's a hell a
lot even the video that's coming out
today when you watch this hella long
like why is my brain thinking like a
movie now I need to shorten it short so
I might actually divide this video the
one I recorded today it's about my
childhood stories act it out I might
make it a part 1 and part 2 if it's
really long so we'll see and if that's
the case then yo I'm set for banking
videos for Kenya which means that all
the do one tomorrow oh yeah well we have
to see first to see we can't assume we
cannot assume and don't forget box is
clear give me the points ah killing the
game the time is all 30 a.m. I'm
debating ending vlog here watching some
stuff going to sleep wash my face guy
got a little pimple here I've got a
pimple in a minute I'm like blessed life
or right now I do something like man
I know let's see how we did today
got it Lily make sure you subscribe to
my second vlog channel this one right
here where we host our harder every day
and tomorrow is long I've been waiting
to tattoos to change the tattoos
interruptions but those appropriate
anyways make sure you subscribe for that
and yo when you're watching this today a
new video is coming out then he will
sneak peek we're gonna learn how to
measure the circumference of a circle
the diameter of a circle the radius of
the trigonometry the length of this side
of this triangle the hypotenuse math is
also going to include letters now okay
math is now pretty little ladder stall
for a parabola two parabolas parabola
two parabolas it is called as school was
realistic on my main channel youtube.com
slash Lilly Singh is where you can see
it look another vlog channel sent you in
a few hours they'll be coming up until
tomorrow
well today actually when you watch this
uh what tomorrow is gonna be the last
vlog for a week oh yeah that's okay
because great things are gonna happen on
the other soldiers so stay tuned if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I'm stressed I know you
stressed I'm stressed to a week without
lying oh my god I'm gonna be rejuvenated
though I may still be in the story I'd
be instagramming some beautiful things
of the zebras and giraffes and the
hippos and they are the parents and they
and the hippos and more hippos so to be
sick so I'll miss you and stuff but we
said we'll move out you know so why am i
prematurely saying is I don't know
