god there's so many people in my room
good evening wherever you are welcome
back to Lilly Singh dolls but we have a
heart everything okay today is a special
day because it is my last day of
shooting Fahrenheit 451 and I can't
believe it what it actually really got
damn quick so here's the mission for
today nobody's random strangers are
better after that I got it obviously
combusted I need to finish that script
I've been working on I'm gonna do my
last shoot David Fahrenheit 451 and it's
also my dad's birthday so I forgot to
give hugs aside from all that I need to
absorb every single moment to be present
of my last day shooting because dude as
much as it's been like cold and long
nights my stuff everything he's taking
and enjoying experience below yo this is
actually kind of dope and kind of sick
hey transfer student still here um I'm
also dressed up Wow
humble what's going on I'm only lonely
64 you were just telling humble nada
over there how people that were born
here okay me don't work hard no I said
you guys worked different is it hard
okay how do we were different when we
give it we work seven days a week we
worked hard and we make you nine videos
a week no no I'm not saying lazy I said
different because every kid now wanted
to go the social media they think
they're gonna get rich being a usual
nothing never happens but it doesn't
happen to school ready no shoes and snow
in Los Angeles okay first of all Los
Angeles having no snow
my letters in the boxes like I didn't
even watch this there okay I beg God he
had no toilet paper happiness to
Portland is in her apartment she's
sitting with all the luggage like that
but that's exactly what I'm saying
ones on social media bitch I shall make
money easy it's not gonna work we have
just made so in my room I have this
thing that people have signed their
names unlike my posters I look like a
humble he's obviously my some douchebag
comment but what do you notice right
there 13 oh it's me what changing the
subject
oh let's go play 3-point rule cleanup
anthem you want a piece of this book
good use Ryu rockin what side use
doesn't matter
Wow look another strategy later
so four years of Melissa told me knows
how to play the dub lub I don't believe
him and so this is the first time we're
gonna see you home we can actually play
this instrument it's not tuned I'm tell
you right now they're very old I should
put in Toledo right yeah oh the
redemption of the Li ly lived we've
valedictorian to be a world champion
opponent you'd have to compete in the
center of formula which is Mississauga
Canada oh you threw the world
championship
this is People's Choice Award so you got
people to vote for you that's a big one
there's a really important photo up
there with a yellow hoodie the worst
friend of the Year wears forever yes I
edited that photo I remember I'm like
I'm gonna be cool and just make the
middle of it black and white for no
reason years and years and years ago
well actually affects you I do think
he's in Bostick but come on right but
professionally the money one of your
office likes so amusing is my DIY parody
video so many people so many people
becoming like oh you're making fun of
lore laurdiy make fertile or and I guess
you're not friends anymore where your
friendship rest in peace I'm just like
what is you talking about because I
don't do dramatic things on YouTube so
people try to insert drama Laurens my
girl me Lauren our friend that's my
I love it don't try to insert drama it's
a goddamn parody don't be petty don't be
nonsense don't be ridiculous okay just
stop it's not that serious hey I just
told you last day vibes
not too shabby let's turn all the lights
at this he popped it's cold as hell out
here
Oh already know didn't owe me some
selfies popping off and it's like last
day I'm hella tired Michael I feel
really really tired I think I'm humble
and not I didn't come over we're
definitely taking a nap but I did and
that was better so it's all good but yo
homestretch word you can convince me to
do anything in life as long as I can be
warm while doing it I just thought that
was so important it was basically like
I'm paraphrasing but is essentially like
shoutouts to all those sexually
liberated girls who don't judge other
girls for also boasting about their
sexuality or keeping it to themselves
in other words kind of like yo I feel
like it's kind of like a least I fence
song you know like some girls like wear
miniskirts some girls like to wear baggy
jeans it goes back to like what I used
to be so embarrassed to be like oh no
like I am pretty reserved sexually and
like I know I haven't done a lot of
things and yeah yeah yeah it's been so
embarrassed that I'm like ask that noise
you're a big part of feminism misses it
girls being two things who and what they
want
it doesn't matter to all the girls
watching this if you like to wear short
dresses and if you like to feel sexy not
saying that's the only way to feel sex
what I'm saying if you are about that if
you like to kiss guys and if you evolve
your being say I'd like to be the first
to make a move and you like to dirty
dance and you let's do all these things
that's completely fine and if your
watches and you don't and you prefer to
be like no I like wearing you know cover
it up more I don't kiss guys look for a
second third day I like my time that's
fine too it's completely fine and if you
don't like to go guys and they do the
girls that's fine too I think girls did
so in this mentality like I need to meet
a certain like sexual quota of being X
amount of like while other people define
a sexy know if you like to have a lot of
sex good for you and if you don't good
for you it's your goddamn choice don't
let anybody let you think otherwise yeah
I mean we would usually let you hear
that it's the sound of everyone coming
to pick holes in my argument are you
encouraging girls to be sexually active
are you encouraging girls no stop stop
stop hearing what you want to hear and
hear what I'm actually saying as long as
you being safe no one else you decide
what you should be doing yeah I'm saying
young y'all I just wrapped my big girl
in Fahrenheit 451 I'm done
nothing bye to everyone I'm just so like
so that's people are so nice they feel
some type of way but I want to say that
years and years ago when I was on dr.
cabbie the first time I ever had my own
trailer and I've mentioned this before I
sat right here it's exactly what I did I
sat in my dream and I was like you'll be
back and a trailer to do more movies and
I'm gonna say the exact same thing I
learned a lot well on this movie and
some of the things I learned was just
like my desire I have within me to
create my own things as well so like I
want to say that someday I don't know
when I don't know what my schedule is
gonna allow for but someday universe I'm
leaving this trailer today and wrapping
this movie today I will be back in
another trailer for another movie or TV
show because I will work for it and we
will put that out into the atmosphere
take a moment yeah I am back home it is
quite early compared to what I usually
get back home only 3:17 soft early it's
mid - of lunch I surprisingly don't have
anything to do my inbox is at zero in a
really good place with work of course
there's always things I could do but I
think I'm just gonna watch some Netflix
and go to bed because like yo I wrapped
the movie and I deserve this so I'm
gonna go to bed tomorrow is my dad's
birthday get-together and a little work
to do but I think we could enjoy this
evening because I feel as if I deserve
it and I am feeling on top of the world
so let's see how I did
so thank you for joining on my journey
today my juggies in general kind of
bittersweet because I'm gonna miss
everyone on set but also like I hate
hiding things from you so I'm happy to
finally go back to days where I can like
take you along with me everywhere I go
so that's really really cool
I am gonna head to bed hope you are
having a wonderful productive day and if
you're not no it's not too late to
change it so I'll get it poppin so until
tomorrow and by the way in the comments
everyone's like I wonder if Lilly even
remembers how to do the team super hanji
do you know how hard it is to do the
handshake with no one else there I know
how to do it there just nobody here to
do it if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe can I tell you what
I'm most excited to do when I get back
to LA I'm excited too cuz clearly I'm
obsessed with film use new music so I'm
gonna blast you like that in my dance
studio and I'm going to bus a wine and a
grind on literally anything near me I
don't care if it's a pole I don't care
if that's a cardboard cutout something
is getting a wine bus upon
