I'm just decided that waking up doesn't
have to happen in the morning good
morning good afternoon good evening
wherever you are welcome to my blog
channel every day we hustle harder if
you're new here my name is Lily hi I
also go by superwoman I don't know why
I'm doing this elaborate introduction I
don't know just in case it's the first
time like who is this weirdo
I do scripted comedy or my other channel
on this channel so behind the camera the
weirdo that I have unscripted squats for
why am i doing squats
it is late it is like 2 p.m. 3 p.m. I
just said 2 p.m. because I want to ease
you into the fact that it is 3 p.m.
completely upside-down because tomorrow
you up all night I'm ready and I want to
finish one complete script anything else
is bonus I'm gonna send some boost
emails now we're gonna do secret things
I also decided that there's the program
where kids study abroad and there's a
few kids in the country right now I'm
gonna let them them in my house work on
some collabs they came 12 clubs
Christmas headstart I need to stretch
because my body for the past few days
has been like are you 84 are you the
grandma from Titanic is that is that you
you the old man from up because you're
Brock
here's the thing though it's so hard to
do so much work and today I just plan to
like sit and do work but to not do that
with anyone that's like-minded that's
hard let's find a friend I'd like to
phone a friend can I can i phone a
friend my life makes so much more sense
in this moment because you are here
later on we've agreed to be part of a
program like I told you we take foreign
study abroad children and we let them in
we should take this like somewhere show
them like Canadian food your homeboy
something beautiful my beautiful though
it's beautiful and good for you this is
an important food oh yeah we get a
replay or just a five six seven times my
dad saying oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
dad we have technology that can do that
but I appreciate that you know you brown
when this is full of chili flakes there
you go Humboldt great having productive
very brilliant I'm also being productive
let's give home both the point humble
theme point I am also killing game√≠s
and so many Muhammad he was right the BC
Missouri like this emails gonna take 45
minutes meet up with you give me the
point kill him the game also my hair
looks I my dinosaur we're talking about
we have like hours of conversations
talking about ideas and it's so lovely
and it never feels like a waste of time
even if it's like a one hour gap that
what you be doing my work and we talk
about ideas I'm like well I learn
something new I'm friends like humble
here let me take up pictures you can may
go on to that popke got a bunch of work
done but humble and I've also just been
like talking craft into the flower
wearing the movie to go see Annabelle
I'm very excited about cuz you I love me
some horror movies and I think the study
abroad through these ministers there's
this new program I'm what I decided to
do or it's like a volunteer thing and
just like spend some time with someone
that's like getting used to the country
and all that good stuff so we're gonna
take them to the movies it's gonna be
sick
we're in the movies oh yeah oh my god we
match kinda I'm talking about the color
of turbans and me what do you go your
dive I'm going out by are you ask me
where I'm going
no you don't care see is nothing like
bottom to you to Chilean I'm gonna go
and do some drugs I'm gonna go rob the
bank I'm gonna do crack and ANCA oh yeah
I am so excited to introduce you hi my
name is Lily
oh my god turns out called a movie
sooner yes we're gonna have fun with you
control box is popcorn
yeah well movie Annabelle some Canadian
poppers on that la track this is quality
audience right here this has a yo-yo
oh that's frozen yogurt or some mean
walking oh my god are you even saying
words I said it's a song this Dan type
happen when you sit what am i doing in
this toy basket to transfer students of
big screen Street the movie shriek Thank
You different all right everybody
welcome to today's episode who knows
really better who do you think spero che
is the baby alright what do you think I
better question Oh excuses
I'll get it really less like a
superficial question what are you trying
to say about me the first person to
raise their hand question number one
what is my favorite color not a yellow
okay
that's a very pink right away okay let
feeling I'll make you the point for that
this one I feel like yellow no what year
was I born
90 okay but what is the first chapter
called in my book one two three
hey Nintendo if I am on my phone what am
I likely doing yeah
full response I knew that what is my
favorite movie
yep five four three is white but I'm
gonna give you the point what was my
most recent YouTube video today when
they watch this I know you guys are
horrible beautiful it was my parents
reacting to fetish my parents reacting
to some in the government I just said
that I just said that right now there
are many correct answers to that
question you name one then I'll really
point what is one indication that I am
upset hello that is correct but you can
raise your hand okay okay second
indication yes second in vacation no any
cheese milk yes actually correct this
when you see something really nice
something piss you off
correct you know why there's no
wonderful person if I was getting
slushies what two flavors would I
combine is my favorite yes humble don't
like line so that's just you just lost
four points it's coke and banana I'm
going to name for people and you're
going to tell me which one I have not
collabed with Colleen Gabby Connor
Tyler about the same time so I'm gonna
go here first
hi boy put your answer really it's a
true benefit calling these service
questions like what's the name of my
chest okay I wouldn't know that you know
go for it I'm so money you can end
question what if Lily's genuine
obsession
Oh work I was no one say working out
what is it doing a good job like em with
us much like my what's going on is so
super late the time is 512 a.m. which is
perfect because I'm doing night shoots
tomorrow my call time is 9:15 p.m. which
means I'm gonna be up all night so it's
fine if I sleep in tomorrow it's
actually better if I sleep in but I was
really nice to home Lunada who's been
talking crap for the past 5 hours I got
some work done not as much as I
anticipated but it's all good because I
have all day tomorrow which I didn't
realize I was going to have so gasps
what's happening by the way when you're
watching this right now
right right right right now my new video
is coming out as a DIY perdicas little
sneak peek normal highlighters are so
boring
they're literally just me on a bright
and colorful so here's a fun DIY that
you can do instead of paying attention
in class bleed ink from one highlighter
into another highlighter and then get a
multicolored highlighter that will last
literally for nine seconds it doesn't
really matter what you're highlighting
as long as it looks cute so stay tuned
for that
that's another vlog channel sent you
let's see how he did today
thank you for joining me on stage I hope
you had a lovely day you're only in
Toronto for a few more days before we
head to Kenya you gonna make every
single one of those days count so your
nationals army can tell them if you like
it subscribe if you like and subscribe
as I gotta say the DIY video I shot is
so freakin good
I really really like it and I'm not
throwing shade and you want to actually
think all those who loved DIYs and stuff
have so much patience and so much
creativity and I'm just jealous but
check it out the link to our main
channel is there my last logs right
there you know all the clicking and the
clacking and the click click click
