I'm a hot steaming pile of trash right
now good afternoon
I haven't washed my face since yesterday
since when I left LA because I landed I
ate breakfast and I slept I wouldn't a
slumber straight up like since this -
sleeper here's the thing not complaining
just observing it's so gloomy here and
I'm cold
I've also turned into a bull
so all these things are happening but
it's like for right now so the day is
half done well we got an exciting day
planned here is the mission for today
first and foremost my room is pretty
clean because I mom held it down but I'm
going to make it even more not clean but
I'm going to adjust to myself more about
that and then I'm going to go to ovo
fest Bengals Ramos essentially that's
all for today because today is actually
a rest day my Fahrenheit 451 session
starts tomorrow tomorrow I have wardrobe
and I have hair and I have a few days of
pre-production more like they got to see
how Ravens gonna look so the actual bulk
of the work doesn't start until tomorrow
and in actually a few days after
tomorrow when I start shooting so today
an OB oh my boy Drizzy ovo if you don't
know is a weekend in Toronto or drink
puts on October nerds called festival
and like it's super dopes also Caribana
I missed that because I was in LA so but
gonna be dope sadness because I know
she's not here she's unsure letting go
so obviously she would be the person I
would take I'm figuring out how to take
right now but yo let's try to make this
room a ting so when I say clean I mean
like you know my room in my office in LA
it's like adjusted to my way of doing
work so like I have little bit of things
on the desk you know I think that
neither on the desk now my stickies in a
row and I can get a lot of work done I
need to turn this room into a place
where I get a lot of work done because
I'm here for two and a half weeks and my
business cannot suffer for two and a
half weeks so we don't turn this place
into essentially unicorn Island just do
it just release my new video just in
super-sick see where I respond to all
y'all beautiful people I'm not gonna lie
to nothing to my room even though the
first cabal's like your booty yo I did
nothing I'm experiencing what I like to
call first day in Toronto and lack of
sunshine so gloomy and the time
difference only three hours but for some
reason it killed me every single time
recite some
and I need a shower and get ready to go
to all the y'all back going with chase
number you know cousins also going to be
there so can be cool test times like a
15 minute nap so this is monkey for
Kyle's my date all dressed chips America
just got these but they're not this
select no this is I don't know if it
just in Canada come on below wherever
you live you have all this just I can
explain what they think I would have
worded there is so good you'll have all
just check when you come to Canada is
not just ketchup chips so we have it's
also all the rest chips not add this is
me improving your life I just gonna go
means eeny Meeny not to jinx it my skin
is very good right now like clear is a
glowy of course I'm wearing makeup but I
even make a very imposing Zonda I'm
going to good skin space right now black
I like to take Lord Savior Jesus Christ
Krishna's on one side well but I want to
thank goo Monica AG no I want to thank
but I want to thank Senator I want to
thank everybody the skin God Neutrogena
glam glow no the h2o that's and
hydrating my blood I just want to thank
everyone my mom my dad all the girls
I've met in the club's of washing that I
became friends with every person I took
a picture for me my friends when I
selfie would not suffice
I want to thank y'all all the post makes
that come to my door don't make me come
on side I want to thank all y'all for my
peer in right now get you a mom as you
can take shots of vodka with like I just
did mom the G my whole team loves my mom
aunt sister my mom my G just use it come
on the G straight up I love you mummy I
love you my husband we here for two and
half weeks first I was sad because I was
like I'm not gonna be any work down here
but I feel confident now that I can't
say Molly they love affection and a good
food and that's it
that's a proxy well we need to go we're
getting late Louise you go to ovo are
you to hug my boy daisies
the soul columbaria I'm the pretty
generic more shocked because yeah we had
four five shots that depth that might
have been if I calculate in my brain the
conclusions I guess if I just use the
square root of a problem I think it
because had five shots please drug it'll
be hit okay with the size equals equals
drunk
finally in and you know why my boy huh
busy man right man
iced tea so bad I'll be honest do it
Oh
I just got home at like 4:00 a.m. I make
up a super squad I think what can I tell
you about what just happened in my life
okay whatow vo drake brings out FN
Mellie go weekend me go French Montana
cardi B she's just killing it with the
gas cans of his set on state was the top
of the CN tower like he got it built as
a set it was so dope and afterwards
happy he's my boy who abuses habibi's
turn he took me backstage and then I
went to go say what up to Drake and I
was like oh he killed the SEC no I do
not blob with Drake and not take
pictures of the Drake trying not to act
brand-new okay trying to act like a
professional person especially because
like every time I see Drake there's a
hundred people harassing him so I'm like
on that channel hey you he said to me
also actually DM me saying this he said
yo I didn't know you were coming because
if I knew you were coming I wanted you
to introduce me on stage this is a real
goddamn thing to exist to me I really
wanted you to introduce me on stage I
didn't know you come in with you wanted
me to introduce you on stage what yes
and then we were talking about a
sentence I was so blown away and honored
that he would want me or ovo to
introduce him on stage I was like that
is some effing honor and a half oh my
god I was like I'm like next time you
know think I can pencil it into my
schedule but I was telling you how much
of you're so successful and dope but you
can during your set outside you're not
like you and the toughest roughest guys
like there hype even guys I could just
can't be happy sometimes serve it just
like mad Stosh like all you guys are
snaps and like any other type success
but people egos in check
Drake is so nice and he's so phenomenal
I went to the after party after physic
way too crowded and we twin people
smoking is way too much of a taking of
it okay I need to I need to get to it
really great show he's really dope I'm
glad like I have a proper connection
with him now let me read you the exact
thing because when I read it I was like
don't you kill me right now I just don't
understand so I messaged in being like
hey I'm coming to over you or whatever
everything I wanted you to introduce me
I didn't know you would be there that's
exactly what I said he said but I just
wanted to read it because I'm still high
okay but I'm not brand new I'm pretty
sure that honor
deserves a couple bonus points in video
let's see how we did today
you
Todd thanks for joining me on to date in
the fit what up join me what forward my
camera I start the keep during the
square again I'm crazy feeling the
lemons to new video today it is a horror
movie trailer period our target as and
go be in the description check it out
because I really like it I'm really
debated to make a series if you like
itself and I'm you know tomorrow we are
doing wardrobe and hair makeup or
Fahrenheit 451
so very excited and tell them first time
I've ever man attend if you like it
subscribe do you like it subscribe I
just want to say something drinks
entering his set was he like you I don't
make any money off his event I just do
it because I want to put on for our city
so like this everything comes out of my
pocket let's do it for the city and just
like total inspirational how one day I
can get to the point where my goal I
should do some dope from my city I hope
I get to that stage one day
