mama is tired bed good morning good
afternoon good evening was blazing
hustle harder productivity live here we
also don't change clothes because
they're too sick so this video I was up
pretty much the whole night because baby
vigil Scarborough got sick and he was
throwing up so I went at 7:00 a.m. I
made an appointment for the vet and took
him give him some injections and some
stuff now he's feeling a lot better he's
finally eating so puppy was sick mom I
didn't get a lot of sleep here's the
vision for today
Scarborough for a venue for an event
release a video do 360 goes to my Inbox
yeah Wi-Fi and saw with the office this
is something the tables and also have a
call oh and introduce scar book to some
new friends
Brogan is officially the godmother of
Scarborough by the way Brogan is
officially the godmother the real ones
came 8:00 in the morning
help me take I've been seven I will grab
at 7:00 correct and she helped me taste
go over to the vet and he was crying and
we were both like huh brother in the
godmothers everyone else harass me about
godmother cancelled alright it's gonna
stay pretty small are you two boons
debarked oh yeah it will squeaky noises
oh yeah Wow new friends you're so small
oh my god baby she my friend mom so
we're in this dope hotel right now but
you'll walk through for a girl of event
coming up not gonna lie the girl of
event it somehow has turned last-minute
which I'm not enjoying but I have to
figure it out and what does that walk
through right now and of course little
babies with us
may you do the walkthrough touch your
thoughts and feelings sounds good dad a
call give me the points but the office
is right now seeing it in light hello
you brought a drill this time why
because we learn I'll also broken loose
like a cool person today both wakes up
at 7:00 saves a dog's life just casually
looking like a rock star no big deal so
the vibe look who's here
visiting the office say hello very good
very good created these little barriers
so he doesn't poop on the white carpet
cuz that's not what we need and that's
not cute that's not cute right right
right that's right when your
measurements are too solid aka when you
to type a look at the natural light up
in this room so my wallpaper I have a
walk here that says make it happen it's
gonna go up until that green mark and
then have a sofa that's gonna go there
those whole walls and like a mural I
don't understand how in world work Oh
screw it screw it real good I always do
yeah you a screw to perfection good job
bro good also no big deal I just found
out that my daughter's cardi B I'm just
sayin okay
money okay I don't dance now I make
money moves damn got it dance time is
money
boom editing area boom so up it chunk
its soul a bit tool what do you think
buddy you think sets a vigil it is legit
anything buddy bodies in the streets no
you probably heard of me
I know y'all wondering how I survived
just human to whisper to you oka so I
haven't really sleep all through the
night because he refuses to sleep at his
bed even though it's right there he
wants to sleep on my bed and as much as
I love that I don't want to reward that
behavior he has to learn how to sleep in
his bed so all through the night he
cries and two nights and rod caved and
I've put in my bed and like it's okay
he's still getting used to but tonight
I've decided I'm not caving he's gonna
have to learn how to sleep in his bed he
has been crying 20 minutes finally fell
asleep
me vlogging just now look them up so
that's completely my fuck no sky road no
and then have to be Stern with him to
ignore him crying and it's breaking my
heart but I know I have to do it in
order to train him so no you're sleeping
that we're gonna end the vlog because
frickin Bob just little come up Dan
let's see how he did you also the new
video which I released it in super 64
but didn't bother because many things
happened in these number second trendy
right now that's cool thanks for them up
i'ma go deal with this little handsome
guy bye
you
